EETER.ECCLESTOMND '3IS WIFE. ' [Wbitien foe ' TBurk,'] I By R. de 8^ Peter Eccleston, retired mariner, once lived in the big house on the hill which over- looked the town of Willymina. Between tbe hill and the town runs the Wood River— at ordinary times a fresh water stream, about 300 yards wide ; in the flood-season a roaring, turbulent sea, the waters of which rise high and leap up towards the crest of the mil, seeking seemingly to devour the stone house now crumbling to dust from old age. Only the brass rooster on the roof, which turns round and round with every change of wind, remembers when the rooms below first heard the sound of voiccs. Dozens of times the flood waters have besieged tbe hill in vain, and dozens of times, when tbe surrounding country has been submerged, have the farmers rushed to and found safety on its summit. In the early days of New South Wales settlement, the Eccleston property— as it has been called for many years— was part of the possessions of Captain Hubert Trevor, of the infamous Rum-selling Carps. Trevor came out to Australia in command of a batch of convicts, and was rewarded for 'services rendered * with many acres of land, and a gang of assigned servants to work them. On the summit of the hill the Captain built bis house, a one-storied, rambling bungalow sort of affair, fashioned for comfort and safety more tban for appearance. A small fort it was in reality, aud time proved the worth of Trevor's precautions. History tells of a rising of Trevor's convicts, when they attacked tbe house and kept the inmates prisoners until Mre. Trevor, frotn one of tbe windows, shot down the leader, and demoralised their ranks. To this day the marks of the enemy*s bullets are visible on the woodwork, and in one corner of the pro perty rests, half covered in grass, the triangle at which tbe surviving principals of the rising were afterwards flogged by a warder from the penal settlement, thirty miles away. Around tbe house Trevor planted a garden, aud the pines, tbe oaks, the bamboos tended by him in the dim past are now huge giants. When Captain Trevor died, his son took up bis abode in Sydney, ' plunged * on the turf, lost his all, and bad to sell his estates. The outlying properties were auctioned as farm lands, but the house and home pad docks were offered as a ' desirable gentle* man's residence.' Bccleston, after an adven turous life among the Islands, bought the homestead. Here the story commences. Eccleston was 50 years of age, weather beaten and browned, when he settled down at Willymina. Three months after taking possession of the property he left the river for a couple of weeks, and returned with a wife— a young, fair-haired, small, inexpe rienced, city girl. By the side of her hus band, Mrs Sccleston appeared more a daugh ter than a mate, and the know-alls of the town predicted a miserable, lonely future for the child-wife. If Mrs Eccleston was miserable and lonely, the world never knew it. She and her hus- band lived for one another only, made no friends, and seldom crossed the river to enter the town. Now and then the two were seen on the water in a light skiff, or driving among the farms ; but more often they had their recreatiou rambling over their own lands. In spite of this self-seclcsion, when ever the parson^ wife called at the house for a subscription, she was kindly received, and so was the doctor's and P. M.'e ladies, when they ventured to intrude on their privacy. These calls of custom, however, were never returned, and afterl2 months or eo, thegates leading from the road were £eidom opened by strangers. Once a year, Trevorville— ^ the name of the property— was left in charge of the servants, and Eccleston aud his wile took passage by the tinyriver-steamer to the Heads, and there boarded a trim-baUtschoouer. This vessel was EccleBton's own property, and was engaged in the island trade. This much was known through her name and manifest appearing regularly in the Sydney papers. Sometimes the Eccleetons would be absent for three months, sometimes for a month only. For five years Trevordale was thus tenanted and deserted, alternately. In tbe year 187—, Mr and Mrs Eccleston departed from Willymina as usual. Three months passed, and there was no sign of their return. Four months, five months, and then early ona morning, as the store keepers were opening their stores for busi ness, Peter was observed on the threshold of the Royal Hotel, with his back to the street. Country storekeepers are ever much in terested in other folks' affairs, and this unprecedented occurrence naturally caused much talk. Several men foregathered on the footpath and spoke as seriously as if a matter of national import was trembling in tbe balance. Peter did not leave the hotel for nearly half-an-hour, and when be did, it was very noticeable that he staggered and rolled, reeling in the manner of a drnnken man. instead of going on his way without speak ing, or, at best, merely passing the time of day, Eccleston approached a group of idlers and joined in the chat. Hie speech was Lroken and hiccuphy, incoherent his sen tences, extravagant his actions. Whilst Eccleston remained in their com pany, the townspeople were civil and quiet, and gave to him that respect his position demanded, but directly be had departed homeward tied-up tongues were loosened. ? What's up ? 1 ' Where's Mrs Eccleston 1 1 . ' Notice how odd he seemed ? 1 ? 4 Never saw him squiffy before ! ' ? Wonder when he returned 1 ' These were bat a few of queries hastily propounded, and for the remainder of the day naught was talked but the ' break-out ' of the old man. One of the Trevor ville servants, the gardener, came to town in the afternoon to make some purchases, and was immediately surrounded with questioners. Qe, however, seemed sad aud troubled, and would offer no opinion or any explanations of bis master's conduct, refusing in fact to discuss it. The surprise of tbe gossips ^as heightened the following day, when ficcleston repeated his freak. He gave a fresh edition tbe next day, and the day after that again. At the end of the week the old man not only spent the mornings wandering from hotel to hotel, bat the afternoons and evenings also. His speech became habitually thick, and his breath odorous, and ere many days had elapsed, his appearance was thatof a confirmed drunkard. HiB eyes became bloodshot, his cheeks wrinkled, his hands shaky, his usually upright figure began to bend, his hair straggled in the wiud in a tangled mess, his person and clothes were both in chronic disorder. Mrs. Eccles ton's crime in allowing this state of things to continue came in for con siderable harsh criticism, until a report spread— floated by no one seemed to know who — that the wife had not returned to Trevor ville. Instantly it waB. imagined that the womac had died, and tbat sorrow at his Iobs bad driven tbe old man to the drink. Pity was shown by people who bad hitherto jeered and laughed, and the Anglican pareon accosted the druokard one day, and proffered words of commieeration. ' My wife is not dead. Would to God she were I' said Eccleston, at the end of the clergyman's barangue, and without another word, he turned and rolled down the street, leaving tbe disconcerted clergyman alone in the roadway. Mr. Jeeves told Mrs. Jeeves of this encounter, and of course Mrs. Jeeves told her dearest friends— in the strictest con- . fidence. Women are ever suspicious of their own sex, and these dear souls promptly read Bcoleston's denial of his wife's death to mean that she had left him, no doubt for the caresses of a younger man. ! 1 1 always said co, ' anuounoed the P.M'e, 1 J»tteiJuJJ«l4&aiieJtieneU; talskly. - ? Wbai,, did I tell you?' (this to Mrs. Williams, the doctor's wife) 'and she seemed such a nice little creature.1 ? 'Those nice little creatures always turn out badly,' proclaimed Mrs. Williams, who was 40 and bony, and had more than a suspicion of a moustache. 'One could see without glasses that she never cared for her husband — married him for his money, I suppose.' Mrs. GeeveB saw in the affair further proof of the foolishness of young women marrying old men. ' May and Deoember will never agree,* washer verdict. The men, too, talked— treating the scandal as men are apt to do, as a good joke. They took sides with neither, only expressing the hope tbat ' the little woman ' would not be disappointed with her new choice. Willymina was, on ordinary ocoasions, such a quiet, go-as-you-please town, that a scandal of the magnitude of this did not pass by as a mere 'nine days' wonder.1 On the contrary, it grew in importance as the weeks wore on, until little else was spoken of. Eccles ton's continued insobriety assisted to keep tbe fiame of interest burning. That a month passed ere Eccleston learnt the rumor about his wife may seem strange, until it is understood tbat the gossips placed a rein on their tongues whenever he was j nigh. I In time, however, he was bound to hear, and that time came one night late, aB he was struggling home. Three men were stand ing chatting under Marks' verandah, and Eccleston overheard their speech. Murdock, the solicitor, was trying to find an excuse for Mrs Ecclestohe's nonappear ance. ' What rot !' ejaculated the Postmaster. 'EccleBton says she isn't dead, so the only possible explanation is that ehe haB eloped with a better-looking man.' Unseen and unheard, Ecoleston had crept close to the three, and, drunk as he was, he had the senBa to know that the men were criticising his wife. 1 It's a damned lie !' he shouted, causing the three men to jump in sudden alarm. 1 And if I hear another man insinuate that my wife haB been fatee to me, I'll smash his toplights in. Mrs Eccleston is not dead, and she hae not left me. The next blubber that 6ays she has, *11 get hell— mark that now I' Eccleston was savage, and as he punctuated hiB warning with waving fists, the idlers sheered off. The old man's announcement stemmed the reports he so strongly objected to, but a feel ing crept about that a mystery existed some where. If Mrs Eccleston were still alive, and had not run away, where was she ? Was she ill ? Hardly ; or Eccleston would have spent hiB days by her bidside, Had the two quarrelled, and sepaiatel 1 Perhaps ; but in the face of of their former affection, the idea seemed so preposterous tbat the ' perhaps ' was spoken very doubtingly. Yet— Until towards Xmas-time this state of uncertainty prevailed. Eccleston descended lower and lower in the scale of human degradation, until the townspeople began to despise him, treating him eventually as a common, drink-sodden vagabond. Times without number the police took charge of him for his own protection, one night lodging him in the cells, another escorting him home. Even the children mocked and plagued him as he passed, and threw clods of earth at him. ' Old Pete t Drnnken Pete ! ' they would shout and then run away, Eccleston following in a great rage and casting out volleys of strange sea-oaths. Once he captured one of these juveniles and gave him such a cuffing that the child's parents issued a summons for assnlt. Tbey lost tbe case, and the P.M. held up to scorn the youngsters who made fun of an old man's failings. A week or so before Xmas the Ferryman, stopping the Council Clerk in front of the School of Arts, started a report that Trevor ville was haunted. Johnson, evidently sincere, Btated that he was returning home the previous night about 11 o'clock, passing by Trevorville, when he saw a Supernatural Form Hitting among the trees. He stood still and watched, afraid to believe the evidence of his eyes, aud satisfied himself that his brain was not playing a trick. ' 1 saw the Form distinctly,' he affirmed, 'as clearly as I see yen now. It seemed to glide, not walk. 'Twas perfectly white, and around it there was a glow, like that from a faint blue light. I watched the Thing until it disappeared, and then walked on home.' ' What whisky had you been drinking 71 asked the Council Clerk, rather unkindly. Johnson became indignant at the question. He was Worthy Chief Templar, or something in the local Temperance Lodge, and he took the suggestion as an insolt The up-country inhabitant delights in a ghost more than in anything else, in the 'xtra* line. Australia is so. young that ghosts are scarce, and a district that can boast of one is proud of its possession. When Johnson's story became known, other men instantly recollected seeing something i on other nights. Each had a tale to tell. I Groups formed at the street corner to hear I and to exponnd, to exchange opinions and to promulgate theories. Small-minded people 1 saw an explanation in that Eccleston had murdered his wife, and the shadow was | endeavoring to bring the crime to light Bemorse was pnt forward as the cause of the man's falling from grace. A few folk of wider views told Johnson that he had been the victim of a hallucination and refused to believe that he had eeen anything. Johnson was offended at the doubt cast on his vera city, and proposed to a party to visit Trevor ville, to watch together, and prove or dis prove his statement. The proposal was accepted as a sensible one, and seven volun- | teere were immediately forthcoming. I The seven were to commence their watch | at 9 o'clock that night, pledging themselves to formally report progress the following I morning. When the morning came, the Baker, as spokesman for the seven, stated to those who had assembled ?' We Baw what Johnson i saw, a white figure, moving silently among I the treeB ; that is all' 1 Subsequently, one of the seven, in speak ing of his night's experience, admitted tbat the whole of the party, as soon as they saw the thing, took to their heels and fled. How ever, as each of tbe seven was positive that he bad seen a something, the townspeople determined to investigate farther. So excited were the goseips over the al leged apparition, tbat it was not until night fall that they remembered that Eccleston had not been seen that day. For the first ' time for many weeks he had not made his daily round of the hotels. ' BospiciousJ' commented the Editor, whose ideas always tan copy- wards. ' Has the old buffer become frightened at the interest taken in his affairs V A second expedition was formed for the following ni?ht, aud in the public interest the doctor, the editor, and the police-sergt. considered it incumbent on them to join. When the party crossed the river, the town-clock was striking the hour of 10. *Twas a cloudy night, with the moon in the first quarter. The doctor elected himself leader, and when the ferry-boat touched the eastern side of the stream, he led the way up the road. A couple of hundred yards from , the water was a break in the fence. Through this the doctor squeezed, followed by his companions. The ground was uneven, and as the party progressed, stumbles were frequent, until the sharp reprimand from the doctor caused the blunderers to exercise more care. Tbe Ferryman and the Baker's party had seen the ghost from tbe roadway. The doctor had decided to view it from closer quarters, and did not call a halt until he was in full view of the bouse, thongh hidden from observation by a thick brush. ' Make yourselves comfortable ) 1 he ordered, when he had solected his point of vantage. 4 We will wait here, and if, as I suspect, a trick is being played from the house, we ought to be able to drop to it* The Editor attempted some ribald witti cism, bnt was instantly checked. Ths limbs of the party had become cramped, and an uncomfortable feeling engendered by the proximity of various inseots ere a ' Histl* from the doobor put all oa the alert* '-rostteii&d; the doctor, J indicating the direction by a nod of the head. All looked, and a hundred y&rde; away saw, apparently making towards tbe house, tho mysteriouB white figure. - It waB in shape like a woman ; the head was cloaked with a cloth, and the face bad an unearthly-looking appearance. The figure glided rather than walked, crossed the lawn in front of the bouBe, and came to a standstill a conple of feet from the verandah. Not a word so far had been uttered by the watchers. The majority ware too awe-struck to speak bad they eo wiBhol. The verandah was in darkness until, from a distant door, one of the servants, the house maid. appeared, a lantern in one hand and a basket in the other. The girl walked towardB the silent, non-motionless figure, stopping when about fifteen feet away. She placed the baBket on the ground, and across the hundred feet tbat separated her from the hidden men, there came the sound of spoech. The maid was talking to the ghost I Dr Williams commenced to mouth an oath | ot astonishment, but closed his lips in a | snap. 'Stay here a moment. Don't move,' he whispered to his companions. ' I am going nearer.' , Undignified indeed was tbe medico's | position, as he cast himself on his stomach and, IndiaU'like, ' wriggled through the long grasB. The others watched. Qnickly did the doctor return ; and fright was written on his features as he spoke to those waiting. ' Leave this place as quickly as you can,' Baid be ; ' hurry away, if you value your lives. There is danger in remaining. 1 will explain later ; I have business at tbe honse now. Take my advice, and go.' The watchers had seen just sufficient to make them wish for more ; but the dootor's tone was imperative, and without delay they disappeared. ' Will you go and tell Mrs Williams that I am engaged professionally ? ' the doctor Baid to the editor, who was the last to depart. ' I will be over in the morning. Keep everyone away from Trevorville to-night at all cost Good-night.' When Doctor Williams recrossed the river in the morning, he found a large crowd gathered on the wharf awaiting him. Everybody was expectant, and as he stepped from the boat he was surrounded by excited questioners. « ' Don't come too near me,' he ordered, ' or yon may find yourself dead men, or worse. Keep away if you value your health, for I am poisonous. I am going home to fumigate and disinfect myBelf. In half-an-hour or so 1 will meet you and explain the mystery of. ?— and he jerked hiB head towards Trevorville. ' You will all be sorry to hear that Peter Eccleston is dead.' Without say ing another word, the Doctor pushed his way through the crush. This is the explanation the Doctor gave half-an-hour later : — 1 Willymina haB, for a long time past, done old Eccleston a grave injustice. He is, or was— for he is dead— a man above other men. Mrs Eccleston neither died nor left ber husband ; she is still alive, and at Trevorville. More than one of our number has seen her. She in the fleBh is the ghost we set out to seek. During the Eccleston'e last voyage to the South Seas, Mrs. EccleBton became a victim to that most awful of diseases leprosy. A cry of horror arose at this announcement. Eccleston would not leave his wife at the Islands, nor would he send her to an hospitaJ, knowing that from the clutches of the disease there is no release. He brought her back to Trevor ville quietly, and mentally unbalanced with ; his trouble, he imposed the Island custom npon ber— forced her to live in a hut, away from the house, and dress in pure white, the garment of the penitent. Every night Mrs. Eccleston went up to the honse for food, but | was never viBited in her abode by her i husband, placed a basket of food on the verandah, and each time she came for it, uncovered. His misery drove him to the bottle, and gradually he became a mild | madman. I am to blame partly for not ( recognising this madness earlier. The day before yesterday he became prostrated, bed sick, and early yesterday evening killed himself. That was how last night the housemaid brought out the food for the unfortunate wife. | It was her telling of the tragedy that gave 1 me a clue to the mystery. Mrs Eccleston is a white lepert a living dead woman. The dead man's wish was that his death ehould be hushed up, and that he should be bnried within the grounds, with the faot unknown i to anyone beyond tbe domestics, who were. to continue attending Mrs Eccleston. The man's disappearance was to be explained by the servants saying be had gone back to the Islands. What I overheard, of course, burst up their plane, and made plain the whole affair.' Those who heard the story bowed their heads and were silent. They had been nn-. just, and were sorrowful thereat. Eccleston's funeral was the largest the district has ever known. The highest and the lowest attended. Man and wife were bnried in the same grave. For when Dr Williams revisited Trevor ville, a couple of hours after he told his story, he found that Mrs EccleBton had thrown herself into a water-hole. 