TIIE CLARKE DIVORCE SUIT. A MESMERIC HUSBAND. Xhe petitioner's case having closed on Thurs day, .tho respondent made a statement. .'The Argus reports that he said that early in April his wife suddenly aroused him from sleep and said that she' saw a woman with long dark hair in the room. She spoke in a creepy tone, and he got up and lit.the gas. She persisted in her statement next morning. She wag sitting with him in the study, and suddenly went off into what appeared to'be a dead taint. He called her by name several timts before getting' an answer; At length she answered in a voice' that seemed to come from afar. She said that :she did not know him, and that she was in the spirit world. Up to that time he kuew nothing about hypnotism. After that he discovered that be had a. certain power ■ with regard to, her and not to anybody . else. He found that almost at his wish Bhe could go off into one of those conditions. She then took to sleep-walking, and one night ho'.found her in her night-dress in the cemetery weep ing. When he spoke to her she said that a beautiful girl was talking to her and had counselled her to destroy herself. He locked the door of her room for her own pro tection. He had been charged with insanity. Whatever aberrations he might have had, he never recollected beating his wife or: making use of unkind words towards her. On 24th October he was taken to the Central Police Court aud committed for being insane, all because his wife said that he had gone into her sister's bedroom. He denied the allegations made by his wife, and said that on the occasion when she stated that he took her to a paddock and rolled her on the grass, it was he who found his wife there naked. He then entered into a lengthy narrative as to how he came to be sent to the Callan Park Asylum. Evidence]was called by the respondent to prove that his wife said that she saw ghosts, and Clarke addressed the court, which then adjourned. From the Htrzld, we learn that the case was resumed yesterday, when the respondent ad ; dressed-the court. He denied moat of the charges inade by his wife, and declared he had been treated'badly all through, Attempts .had j been made to madden him, and he had been ! confined unjustly in Callan Park Lunatic' Asylum. "I want now to know," said the respondent, " what my wife would not say in court, :but wrote on a piece of paper. It was that she refused me my marital rights. Then her sister wrote something on a piece of paper, and what did that amount, to? What was it? Why, simply that she was sitting or. my kneg in the .drawingroom." 