Tiie doctors lrave met Mr. - Kennedy, the mesmerist, and ccrtilied that hypnotism is a real force, concerning the origin and operation of which science has to confess itself ignorant. But surely at this timo of day there needed no ghosts to come from the grave or medicos from their consulting rooms to tell us tlmt. And yet science knows enough, and has demonstrated enough, to prove that the public mesmerist is playing on a huiiian material with an occult force the far- reaching effects of which neither himself nor any man can determine. It is well known that the bypnotiser produces all his strik ing effects by the mere process of suggestion. The French doctors liavo conclusively shown by numberless experiments that hypnotic phenomena are the result of the setting in motion by the hypnotise!' of certain uuitiutt faculties cf the patient's brain. Lombroso, not long since, in the Nouvellc Itcvue, contended that all crowd, are more or less hypno tised, and that many of the horrible crimes, like those recently committed in tuiiBiuiibiiiupie, in Auiitiiuu uuu in i/iiiua, are the result of unconscious hypnotic suggestion. His theory is that " a crowd " is a soil in which the microbe of evil " develops easily nnd the microbe of good " dies almost for want of favorable condi- " tions." Just in proportion as good elements are eliminated the evil ones multiply by an unerring mathematical law. Without going so far as this, Dr. Henry objects to the lectures on hypnotism at the SalpCtriere being thrown open to tho public on the ground that tho experiments made would be a wrong to the poor patients in exposing them to the public ridicule, and that all nervous phenomena being more or less contagious, the exhibition-can never be certainly innocuous. Dwelling on this aspect of the case, Mrs. Besant laments that hypnotism places within the reach of the criminally disposed power of a terrible character, such as may be used for damnable purposes. It might easily be conceived that Mrs. Besant. herself evidently a woman of neurotic temperament, exaggerates the effect of the apparent danger. Bnt she is fully corroborated in her view by the best scientific knowlodgo of tho day. Dr. J. Luj's, member of the Academy of Modicino and physician to La Cliaritd Hospital, Paris, tolls ns that 11 unconscious " violations nnd indecent assaults mny " take place ; oven pregnancy lias boon " produced without the patient having any " recollection of its causo. Such eases aro "not vary uncommon, and I am confident " tlmt doctors will come to find out iu tbo " course of timo that many women who " have boon ruined have boon under the " influence of hypnotism." Following out this phase of the subject, lie shows how peoplo can bo induced to sign deeds of gifts, promissory notes and legal contracts without the lawyer having tho faintest suspicion that the person is acting under suggestion. Nor is the inlluoucc on the hypnotised subject confined to the practitioners. By hypnotism the nervous system is excessively excited. The emotional faculties are abnormally stimulated, and this oxcitement is most easily transmitted from one patient to another, more ospecially if there is any natural sympathy between the two ; and it is thus readily conceivable that li con tagious demoralisation mny spread 'through any socioty in which hypnotism shtinld lie very widely practised. Tho "inllnonce of hypnotism on tho patient docs not ovnporatc with the passing of the hypnotic sleep or subdued conscious ness. The bypnotiser may toll the patient not to recognise a given person when ho awakes, anil this sugges tion, termed negative, will operate after awakening for a variable period. It lias been shown that an individual has under these conditions lived side by side with one of his neighbors and not seeu him at all. As an oxamplo of the manner in which suggestion operates long after the mesmeric sleep, Dr. Luys gives a case from his own experience : — I said to X , s young hysterics! womnn, who w.is a very impressionable psticnt, "To day is Saturday, Next Saturday you are to take a parcel which I will givo you to nuoh and such an address." After the suggestion had been given I awakened the patient. During tho inrerval of aevon rinya I h»w tho same patient nearly every day, and always asked her, "What is it that you iioro to do next Saturday ?" Etch timo she replied very simply that she had nothing to do in particular on the following Saturday. On the dny mentioned I wont at the appointed tirnp to the houso tlmt I had men tioned, and to iny' surprise I saw X arrive in ten minutes aird hand to the appointed person tho parcel whioh had been given to Inrr, and go away without .saying a word, aftor having exactly oarried out. rny suggeatiou. This reveals the enormous extent to which the power of suggestion may be carried, and . the evidence concerning it docs not depend on nny single witness or class of witnesses. Bernheim, among other writers, cites a cose in which the suggestion made to a patient was carried out sixty- three days after it had huon given. All this reveals the potency of this unknown agent and its capability of indefinite abuse. It necessarily givos rise also to other reflections. If mere human sug gestion is of such invincible strength, it is no wonder that Aie non-scientific mind asks itself— May there not be some supra-mundane suggestion of still greater power? Just before Lynch, the Adelaide murderer, ascended the scaffold last week, he was asked as to tho impelling motive which caused him to rise and murder his mate in tho bush. He declared that lie could not understand it himself. He had been on good terms with him shortly before ; but some Jit of ungovernable fury seized him, and under its influence he acted, more like the instrunient.of ri malign power from without, than from any rational motive within. ,. Hero we see the origin of the doctrine of demoniac obsession in its naked shape. It is of course truo of hypnotism that it has its uses as well a9 its abuses. Dr. Ltiys lias found it of immense advantage in many cases of acute and chronic disease of tho nervous system. Medi cine finds in it a beneficent ally in the extension of its' powers to therapeu tics. Acting on the peripheric extremities of tho nerves, it brings about central reactions of vital importance, tho chief agencies employed in producing these being , vibrations of light and revolving mirrors, i the once popular notion of the passage of j a magnetic force being quite given up. j By means of these, medical science has been able already to palliate much human suffering., Dr. Lnys says that hysteria, epilepsy, chorea, vertigo, headache, insomnia and many other forms of disease, though not cured, have been greatly relieved by these appliances of hypnotism to therapeutics. In other cases we find tho action of the bypnotiser producing an acuteness of. tho spnscs quite unnatural. Just ns the visual organs can sometimes bo suspended in regard to certain objects, so iu other cases they aro invested with a degree of power beyond conceiving. Instances ave on common record iu which persons have not only read a few lines of a newspaper through the fissures of a thick pad of cotton wool placed on their eye halls and kept in its place by a hand, hut they can even see special tliiDgs quite invisible to our sight. "The nervous elements of " their retiaa, acted on by a transitory " liypermmia, reach an extra physiological " degree of exaltation, which enables them " to experience new sensations unknown " to us." Suchis theexplanation of aFrench scientist ot this phenomenon ; and he tells of a further very UAlrauruiiiary exirihifioti of it. Several patients, whilst in the mes meric state, saw llamcs rising from tile pole of a magnet. They beheld these flames with pleasure, but wero astonished that tho fire did not burn them ; and they detected a difference of color in tho flames that issued from the south pole of tho magnet and from the north. There are innumerable other proofs of the fact that certain senses of hearing may he stimulated in tho same way. These natural forces are to us as yet very mysterious, because we know nothing of them except their effects. They appear to evade all investigation as to 'whence they come and whither they go. They are like the life spark itself, inscrutable. Perhaps tho most intel ligible and plausible explanation of hypnotism is that which classes it in tho same category with snionamhulism. The only difference between the soninambule and the hypnotic patient is that the, former, obeys the suggestion that com es from .within while the latter responds, to. that jwhich comes from without. Both are. physiologically in the same condition, .that is to say, both, aro dreaming,, and both, rehearse or act thcir dreams. The dream of the somnambule is self-induced, that of the hypnotised is suggesteil to him by the operator. In both cases the senses are awake and the limbs are in motion, hut there is a distinct breach in the conscious- \- - ncss, tho patient being a mere automaton for tho time being. The claims to respect and almost to rovor- onco of Professor A. R. Wallace, tho co-dis coverer with tho late Charles Darwin of the theory of ovolution, aro so woll founded and potent that evon the most iconoclastic critic must hesitate boforo cavilling at anything, from his pen. It is therefore with'- cmlsiderablo dillidcnco that ono ventures to point out what seetn to bo blots upon iris interesting, indeed fascinating, articlo in tho October number of the Fortnightly. Evoryono has hcavd of tho so-called " Row-wow " theory of the origin of language, and of the ridicule which has been heaped upon it, and is aware that it has hitherto been generally dis credited. Rut Professor Wallace not morelv resuscitates the departed, hut advances a step further by contending tlmt not only did primitive man imitato noises and other natural sounds in his apocch, hut that his clioico of verbal symbols, and mora especially of vowels, was to a largo extent based upon the movements required by his mouth and lips in framing thorn. Professor Wallace statos that this idea was iirst suggested to lrim by watch ing the Malays pouting and draw ing in thoir lips to. signify direction, and lie was thereby led to investigate similar plionomena in other languages. Ho found that in tho open mouthed sound in go there was a corresponding motion away from the person, while in pronouncing llio opposite word come the lip3 aro drawn in wards. How far this iu/R fact, or whether the idea of movement is not moroly conventional from long usage, evory English speaking person is as competent as Pro fessor Wallace to judge for himself. But when ho proceeds to illustrate his position by instancing tho French m and vene: as allowing the dillorent motions, we at once sec how easy it is for a man of oven such high scientific training to ride a hobby horse to death in support of a 'theory. Vu and vnic:: aro by no means corresponding terms, for one is singular while tho other is plural, and if wo wish to compare similar words wo muBt ask our selves whether the plural forms allcz and venez connote different motions, to which question the answer of most persons would be a decided negative. Again, if we compare the singular verbs wo must place vu against viens, and in order to discover the inten tion of primitive man we must take the Latin words vacle and v-cni from which they are derived, and in pronouncing these words tho movement of the lips would he identical. To take another instance, Mr. Wnllaco considors tho personal pronouns thou, you, he, they, " all of which " are pronounced with outward breatli- " ing, nnd more or less outward " motion of the lips, as compared with "I, me, we, us, which require .".qnly. lightly parted lips, thus clearly "''ihnrking tho difference between inward " and outward, self and not-self." But iinro 'again, if we regard the corresponding Ii'idiil pronouns, we arrivo at a diametrically opposite conclusion, for Ego, me, nos, connote outward motion as much as- do iu, vos, ille, illi. Nor is ho more fortunate in stating that breeze "indicates the distant rustle of leaves shaken by n stronger wind, and that from these sounds and motions the word trees has probably arisen. But the sibilant sound is not in the word tree at all, of whioh trees is only a plural form, except indeed Mr. Wallace had in his mind the schoolboy's old disticli — Methinks i ticsr the breezes . A whistling through the treezos. And when he finds minute differences of sound iu "tho light and moderately sharp " top, the much sharper snap, the fuller " and broader clap, with tho less abrupt "flap, the duller flop and still duller thud," we begin to see a reason why he has in his declining years become a convert to psychonietry. The energetic utterances of our esoteric musicians like Professor Marshall Hall Ijjiye long since made us familiar with .similar claims put forward for sound to I represent abstract ideas and material plionomena Thus the professor describes a moveniont in Iris overture To Giordano Bruno as not unlike " the maidenly divine figure of Hope " — a recollection of the most beauti- " ful moments in life — thoso impossible " ideals towards which the enthusiasm of " youth strains." Very probably the com poser did attempt to portray this figure in his score, hut it is certain that not ono person in a thousand would have recognised the portrait had the professor not taken the wiso precaution to label it in Iris programme, just as tho old stage managers used to hang up a notice stating "street in Rome" or "Athens" as tho case might he. Tho pictorial art can give ns " tho maidonly divine figure of Hope," hut man found rhythmical sounds insuffi cient for that purpose, and therefore invented language. He could represent his emotions by music, and the most un musical person in the world cannot fail to recognise the joy in Mendelssohn's Wedding Mai cli or tho grief in the Funeral March of Chopin, hut we have to he instructed beforehand in tire significance of a leit motif, and if the programme does not tell us that a certain collection of notes means tire en trance of Siegfried with a sword in his hand, we are just as likely to understand it as significant of Siegfried standing on his head. The sounding of bugle calls is familiar to everyone. Here a certain sequence of musical tones means " Halt," and another sequence means " Cease " firing," hut it is merely a matter of convention which shall . command either movement. The uninstrncted soldier could never discover unless the meaning of the call was ex plained to hiin through the medium of words. Such also is the case with music set to words. Heine's well known senti- mental lyric Du hast Diamanten nnd Perlen is Bung to the same air as tho rollicking After the Opera is Over. The consequence is that the German swain woos Iris blonde Marguerite to the same music that suggests Bacchanalian orgies to an Englishman. So again with the well known song, Malbrook s'en va-t-cn Guerre, the words of which describe the anguish of the widow whose husband does not return from battle, and the roystering chorus, We Won't Go Home Till Morning, both set to the same music. To the Frenchman the air connotes death ; to the English man . life and festivity. It is only the wor.ds to which convention lias given a cor- tain meaning that convey ideas to our minds. The more closely we examine tho scope of sounds as a medium for conveying ideas the clearer does it become tlmt convention alone regulates the meaning of words. Most people would agree with the remark of General Pelissior at the time ot the Crimean war, that " there are no omelettes ," without breaking of eggs." To tho manin the street the idea of egg is inherent in the word omelette, yet recent philological research has .proved beyond any question that omelette is derived from the Latin lamina, and means nothing hut a thin slice. Even in onomatopoeic lines, where the rhythm of the verse and the sound of the words are alleged to represent phenomena, we can satisfy ourselves that such is not the ease by repeating linos in an unknown language and attempting to discover what tho idea which they are supposed to convoy is. Thus, lot any porson ignorant of Latin repeat aloud the two woll-known Virgilian linos— QiMilruiioiIaiito putrom jonltu quatlb unguis ciunpuin, and Mbnztrnm hnrromluni, informc, Incons, cut lumon uuoiuptmn— and he will at once seo that quick motion is dopicted in tho former, wliilo the fre quent elisions and spondeos of tho latter denote soinothing slow. But tell him that iu the former Virgil dopicted the rhythmi cal sound mado by the hoofs of a galloping horse, wliilo in tho latter he sought to describo tho hideous bulimy form of tho blundering, sightless Polyphemus, and ho will see precisely how far sound without words can go, and that tho pretensions of Marshall Hall or of the Rev. Mr. Haweis — who pretended that he could describo tho act of putting on his hat by a few scrapes of his violin — ask for sound a realm which is beyond its ranch. To take another instance : In the (Edipns Rex, tho famous play of Sophocles, the blind seer Tirosias warns (Edipus of the terrible crimes of which he is unwittingly the perpetrator, and (Edipus angrily tells tiro seer that lie is blind. To which Tiresias retorts — Tuplilos ta t'ota ton to noun, ta t'ommat'cl. and anyone repeating this lino with its excessive use of " ailitoration's artful aid " can soo that it would probably have brought down tho Greok tlioatro with applause. But to the mind ignorant of Greek it conveys no definite idea such as we obtain from Pope's linos : — ' IVhon Ajax strives somo rock's hugo waste to tiirowi The line, loo, labors antl tho words movo slow, where tho expenditure of muscular oxorlion is admirably depicted by tho words, aided by tho clioico of sounds. It is like the oxcollont fooling of AJr. Poter'Magnus in Pickwick, whoso initials were P.M., and who delighted his friends by signing his name " Afternoon," a joke which would have failed to aniuso a stranger. A similar caso occurred in real life when tho late Gen. Adam Badeau, private secretary to President Grant, signed his namo ns a badly drawn circlo, which tho initiated recognised as " A-damn " Bad-O." Such witticisms resemble tho leit motifs of Wagner or the trees of Professor Wallaco — we mnst know what their meaning is before wo can recognise their point. It is just the samo with vulgarisms of speech, about which there is no more nso disputing than about tastes. "You should not," said an Eng lishwoman playing billiards with an American girl, "say "what a horrid scratch.'" " What ought I to say, then ?" "Oh," wns tile reply, "Yon should say "'what a beastly fluke.'" Of course, such words as tho cawing of rooks, tho cooing of doves or the mnrmnr of brooks are clearly imitative, and cpnnote . such sounds in nature ; hut if anyone thinks that sound lids a much larger idomain, let him try to discover tho moaning of words in a foreign language from their sound, and Ire will find that Mr. Wallace's primitive man, in whom pain and lait produced tiro samo ideas as bread and milk, was a most remarkable porson. 