THE LAST FIGHT IN ARMOUR. The constant attempts which are being made in our way to find protection for men against the deadly modern rifles lend interest to the account of what was pros bubly tho last appearance in the field of mou in armor. In January, 1799, a party of some *100 French held the town of Aquila, in tho Ahruzzo—a town defended by walls, and having a small weak fort, Although the inhabitants of tho town wore well desposed towards tho French, the peasantry, as in Spain, wore most hostile, and when Ohanapionnet, with most of his French forces at Romo, had marched on Naples, they at once rose in insurrection, and attacked* the party holding Aquila, On January 15, the in surgents suddenly penetrated into tho town, though they were soon driven out again ; but in March they got parties into tho town during the night, and drove the French into the fort. Tho band of peasants united for the attack amounted to some 10,000 or 12,000 men; and, barricading the streets, and making loop* holes in the walls of the houses, they soon made a line of defence which the French could not penetrate. On the other hand, work as the insurgents might, they had no artillery, and the guns of the fort prevented any assault. Thus, secure behind the walls, the garrison remained for some time in quiet. On tho glacis in front of the fort, aud exposed to the fire of both sides, Jay twelve iron guns on skidding or pieces of wood, which the French had not had time to bring into the fort. Without carriages they seemed safe, and the only precaution taken was to keep two of the guns of the fort loaded with grape laid on them during each night, with a gunner ready to fire on hearing the noise any attempt to move tho piece would occasion. One night tho gunner on guard hearing a noise near tho guns, fired ona of bis pieces, but the sound continued. The officer of the artillery ran to the spot and again fired ; yet still tho sound did not eease, though it seemed to get further off. Nothing could be done but to for daylight, and then it was seen that tho insurgents had placed a capstan in a house near tho guns, and then had lead a from it to make fast to the brecoh and to trunnions of one of the covorted guns on glacis. Round went the capstan, aud tho gun obeyed tho rope at first, but its breech, dragging along tho ground with* out rollers under it, soon made a furrow which became so deep as to stop its move ment after the insurgents had got it some 10 paces nearer them. It was a clover trick, but done by a man not learned in artillery matters, for had the gun been arranged for parbuckling—i.e,, rolling— the work should have been easy enough. However, the French looked anxiously over their parapets, wore os much puzzled what to do as the besiegers. ' First they turned their guns on the house to which the rope passed, and when they had smashed its wall, they saw the capstan had been placed in the collar, and that for the present at least tho fallen wall made it useless. A great part of the life of an artillery officer is spent in making or in chocking inventories of the stores in the magazines in his charge, a largo proportion of which are generally obsolete oddities, most use ful to some former generation whoso wars have long ended, but becoming more and more formidable puzzles to succeeding military generations each year they Ue in store. Boulart, tho officer or artillery, ransacking his brains for the means of sending out men to spike the guns onth glacis, under tho fire of tho insurgents from tho neighboring houses, suddenly remembered he had seen in his magazine some suits of plate armor, and he proposed to try whether protected by them, men could nob sally out and work in security under musketry fire. He got together twelve complete suits, and dressed out twelve gunners and granadiors, thus selecting big men, be it remarked. At a certain hour tho garrison lined tho covered way, and from thence and from tho fort opened a steady fire of musketry and of artillery on the lines of tho in* surgents. Then out marched tho twelve knights of the eighteenth century, much in David’s stale of mind when bo com plained he had not proved his armor. Tho men carried handspikes, hammers and spikes. Moving, naturally slowly and awkwardly in their heavy steel mail, still they completed their work under a hail of bullets from tho insurgents. Tho scene is described, as we can well believe, to hnvo been most remarkable and to have had something picturesque and also diabolical about it. As the mailed figures moved in silence amongst tho guns, their handspikes looking liko maces, their silence and tho slowness of their - action seemed unnatural under the steady hul of bullets. The insurgents wore believed to have thought hell itself had sent forth those extraordinary antagonists, ghosts of a past ago ; while tho French on the ramparts, true to their nature, tho first moment of anxiety over, burst into roars of laughter. Not only did the men sucsecd in spik< ing tho guns, but they even wont as far as tho house where tho capstan had been placed, cut tho rope, and brought it into tho fort. Then they returned in triumph, for though they had been struck many times, yob only one man.had boon wounded in his arm, and that because the piece of tho armor, tho brassart, which should have protected 1 tho limb, had been wrongly fastened, and had fallen off. After this the soige became a more blockade until Maroh 23, when a reliev ing force arrived, and the insurgents, taken between them and the garrison, were driven off. 