Cricket Affairs. A Cry from "West Moreton. ' An Ipswioh correspondent writos : — A num ber of players luivo been selected to practice for the forthcoming intercolonial cricket match with Nuw South Wales, and, with tho execu- tion of iu. X'. Ramsay and MotoiiU (well known Toowooinha cricketers, who recently figured in cricket circles in Englaiul), country players in tho West Moroton district lmvc again boon ignored. It is soino consolation, however, to sea that Toowooinha talent is recognised, but what about Rossorf What seems to bo a dragging in tho dirt of Queensland cricket is tlio fuct tlmt tlio secretin'/ of tlio Queensland Crioket Association wrote to tho kindred as sociation of Now South Wnlos, asking for ussistanco to play Stoddnrfc's English Eleven on Fcbruury 16 next. Vido your tolcgraphio (Sydnoy) correspondent tlio worthy scribo alluded to dosoribod tho recent international match ns a fiasco. As a Qucciisliindcr I do not think that a fair statement, whoovor authorised Miv Beattie to mako it; and it only tends to belittle orioket in Qnoonsland. Certainly tlio members of tho (up to that mutch) forniiclahlo Grazier team did not perform up to expecta tion ; but to oravo ussistanco from nu adjoining colony boeiiuso thoso players wore a failure, without other talont oiitsiclo of tho Grazier Club having a chutice of proving what, thoy can do, is carrying tho matter a littlo too fur— a ridiculous longtli, in fact. Then, again, even with tho aid of New South Wolshmon, what honour will there, be to Queensland if tho mutch is won?- It is not a tost match. Far better, in my opinion, would it luivo been to play the return match with tho Englishmen, and to1 linvo tho olovon to moot tliem from talent outsido tho last team. It looks as if purely local talent is being strangled. My uomplaint hitherto has been tlmt country players (the West Moroton erickotors iu par- tioulur, of course) uro not being encouraged, as is tlie case in Now South Wales. But, after watching the eriokot affairs, it is also appa rent tliuc your own rising oriokotors do not got the ghost of a show. Why f Lot mo conclude with a question: Is it not time that tho Qucons- land Cricket Association altered this state of affairs, mid its officials went in for tho services of ground bowlers to coach tlio members of tho different clubs affiliated with their uusooia- tion t 