TORF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. T)T"NONQUA.H DORMIO." I IT.J.T pui'fi'ctly convinced Coincidences would have isonivtbing to do with the decision of the <*Hu'ifi":d Cup. They always do ; ftt least.it must hi' very poor sort of a race that you can't drag a t i'iiHiidem'f 1 or two into after it's all over, i 'ynii'S tall it "playing the after-game." W'F.I.I,. tlm Special Coincidence [about the late I "aullield Oup was the fact that Mr. PUNCH was the ouly sportsman in Australia to Tip Humphrey i ixeniiam to Win the Camfield Cup. Oh, hut he did. thouiiri: As plainly as possible to those who could read the rede aright. Yuv ?PP, Mr. PU.WH inserted Fire Photographs of Iji'udiu'.' Turf Celebrities on this page last week, and was very careful to point out that Four of them had won races the preceding Saturday at Caulfieid. Those four were Messrs. S. (T. Cook, A. Jleiizies, Septimus Miller and W. K. Wilson. Jii'T the .Kifth one was Mr. Humphrey Oienhain. who hadn't won a race on the first day. And why should Mr. PDNOH go out of his road to include a Non-Winner ? Why, simply because with his usual prescience Mr. PUNCH had come to the conclusion that "Oxy's" runi was cortain to come the Mi.ceed rg Saturday. And that is how he gave t li L* Straight Tip. THE HI others M.smlu.d h i d Iiir to prove wi.rthv rivals to the Me?,i>\ Mil h'f in the way (,t breediug i• r n s s - rountry uli-iii- : the rei.m t'ises .ii' Wati r|.»i aud Huniian. In,keel upl.v the splendid form exhihitetl liv (jeoinetry. .|iiite eiupnasizinj) the fai-t that they must have some rare good neddies coursing round on their stations. I am given to understand that a full brother to Corangamite does duty between the shafts of a buggy; and when siimi- Indiau buyers were selecting stock for that nurlier they actually passed over both Waterloo and Dungan as being unsuitable. \\\ KM., it's all over now, and wo are all wise nfrer Use transaction. Not that we have anything In find fault with in ourselres for not s.-lei-iiug the correct pea this year. There was li .tiling in Waterfall's previous detds tcr warrant tiie ai = uiuptiuu that, he could beat a field of I mrty-tliree horses—the hest in the I and !—in MI.;II i-.-ii- alier fashion as the son of Niagara and l.ittle \\\ anwr did towards the conclusion of biturday s e\ent No doubt he won very handsomely when he put Creme d'Or and Coolalta down in the Hopeful Stakes at the Y.K.C. Autumn Meeting last. March; but, then, that was his only win as a two yeirold.ard neither Cretne d'Or nor Cjolalta have yet succeeded in setting Rsndwick course on fire in the interim. When up in Sydney lust April I witnessed him go down " kerwallop" in the Don- ste Handicap, Champagne Stakes and Second Xure-rv, albeit at the time I remember I did not tike much notice, of these defeats, as the ooltdid imi present too blooming an appearance: and when _\fark Thompson has them cherry ripe they do carry a " bloom." I'lrmxn the A.J.C. Spring Meeting Jasfc September. Waterfall Ecored twice out of three ventures, his victory in the Short6 over Dalmeny, III! is and Is others proving him to be a pretty fair i-printer : but as ho only got home by a neck frum Vivian (who was penalised olb.), Kewi and five others in the Eighth Biennial Stakes, the performance failed to leave any lasting impression. Waterfall's victory certainly knocks the stuffing out of the popular prejudice against threeyear-olds for the Caulfieid Cup. Prior to Saturday the acknowledged talent would always "poohpooh "tbe idea of a young three-year-old possessing the ghost of a chance against older horses in the great mile and a-lialf sprint of the Spring. " Turn up your records," they would say exultantly, " and there you will discover that out of the fourteen Caulfieid Cups that have been contested Only on One Occasion has a Three-year-old Succeeded in Getting Home, and on that occasion Little Jack would never have got up had not the rider of Verdure pulled out from the rails." AND now a three-year-old has got home, and got bouie easier than ever a horse got home in the same event before, whilst the time—2.30" — is only three-parts of a second 6lower than G'Naroo's famous record. Ir will pass without saying that Waterfall's plucky owner threw in for a very big stake, as in addition to not laying against liim (Humphrey Oxenham never does lay against his own horses) the Leviathan bookmaker accepted 100's to 2 to the tune of some .£1000. Outside the stable connections, however, the colt was comparatively neglected ; albeit it is matter for wonderment, looking back at matters and things, that those individuals who considered Solanum well handicapped in tbe Caulfieid Cup at S 0 should have lett Waterfall severely alone after his owner incurring a penalty with the five-year-old. Caulfieid Cups are worth winning; and people don't generally incur penalties without having some object in view. I remember remarking to Humphrey Oxenham's partner (" The Count ") one afternoon that I couldn't understand the idea of putting a penalty on Solanum for the Caulfieid Cup, and the quiet rejoinder .— " But he's got another in—has he not?" had a special significance that personally I failed to grapple. THE gentleman who laid Oxenham the sporting wager of X-JOOO to £'2000 that Auraria defeated Waterfall in tbe Derby has considerably the worst of the deal after Saturday's development, and seeing how "sultry" tbe summer is setting, Waterfall must be a very important factor in the Derby, don'tcherknow, and fillies are proverbially " kittle cattle." HERTIE HOLMES rode The Merry Boy very vigorously towards the conclusion of the Maiden Plate, but he couldn't "foot it" with Messrs. Bailey and Orr's Gang Forward—Haidee colt Onward, who won handsomely by a couple of lengths. Uamien, who finished third (a length and a-half astern of Mr. Cook's colt) is a son of Off Colour and The Nun, and is the property of Mr. James Wilson, junior. So does Newbaven (a ehapply son of Newmmster and Oceana), whose moderate impost of 7st. bib. in the Nursery Handicap, of four lurlongs and a-half, enabled him to sail home a two lengths' winner from t he aristocratically-bred Coil (Abercorn—Copra), who carried 8.7 in the form of Erney Huxley, whilst JCobold (S.fl) was third a length and a-half away, the Carbine— Thyra filly, Ammunition, finishing fourth, in advance of eleven others, the time being oTjsec. THE believers in Trenchant had warranty.fpr the faith that was in them. He stood no <"naiii:e against Waterfall, it's true; but he defeated Jthe rest of the field right enough. He will bate to, put up Mlb. more in the Melbourne Cup -ffian W; did on Saturday ; but 8 S iE a nice racing '"weight for a five-year-old, and it must not be forgotten that the son of Trenton And Bridesmaid ha's.an A.J.C. Derby to his credit. I liked the style in ' which he finished on Saturday, and feel confident that he will display a very bold front in the final struggle on the first Tuesday in November. QUIVEU'S run was equivalent to the "greased lightning " our American cousins were so fond of talking about some quarter of a century ago. She, too, will have to carry 31b. more in the Melbourne Cup than she did at Caulfieid ; but even with that extra she is such a thorough stay r that it's hard to say what she can really do. TE W urn is No Smouch; and 1 can congratulate Mr. J. M'Sweeney on having an approved good colt in the Melbourne Cup at a very light weight. Being by Maluafrom Fortune Teller, staying should be essentially Te Wbiti's forte-, and as for his pace—well, when Hopscotch was hopping alons so merrily right away round and down the railway side the bold Te Whiti was laying next and eventually finished fifth. He had O S then, and he will have <> 8 on Melbourne Cup day. And if he can but annex the event, tbe books will have to disgorge some of their Waterfall gain. HOPSCOTCH would have proved himself something more than a Phenomenon had he succeeded in keeping up the gait he carved out the running light away round till pabt the winning post. Some of my fellow scribes on the Press maintain that he shut up" as soon as he was tackled. Perhaps he did, or pt.h ps Cliariey Ettridge was clever enough to gp.i,,,le the fait that his cutting out tactics had but played into the hands of W. Delaney on Waterfall. That Hopscotch i6 a smashing good horse is beyond rhe pale of argumentperhaps not quite so good as those enthusiastic Victorians who had witnessed his prowess at liandwick last September maintained, and perhaps even a Bit Better. Strangely enough, Hopscotch was a Great Public Favourite last Saturday. Which only goes to prove how the whirligig of Time brings round hie revenges. For had but Hopscotch got home for the " general" on Saturday the Spring of 1895 might have obliterated all memor^of tbe Autumn of J8S1. LOOKING forward to the Melbourne Cup, and gauging the probabilities through the light vouchsafed by the Caulfieid Cup Meeting, it is next door to a certainty that tbe Derby winner will have to be reckoned with this year. Waterfall carried within41b.of weight-for-age when he spreadeagled the field last Saturday, and with his penalty he will only be called upon to carry 4lb. over w.f.a. in the Melbourne Cup. His Caulfieid Cup victory may only have been a Flash-in-tbe-Pan sort of an arrangement; but if that wae the colt's true form, and lie displays the same form in the Derby, Wallace and Aararia « ill have to look to their Hurels ; in fact, he will down the pair of them PRESTON failed to distinguish himself in tiie mile and a-half event, but he will do better round Flemington in the two mile tussle. I still pin my faith on him to win the Melbourne Cup straight out, and although Trenchant, Delaware and The Tiier are a highly dangerous triumvirate, next to PaESTON commend me to THE ADMIRAL as being uiost likely to do the trick. 'I'he only doubt I had about his ability—that be was rather too ancient to possess pace enough to get on his legs and secure a position early in the race—was set at rest on Siturday. The Admiral was close up to the leaders as they approached the stand the first time, much to my astonishment. A vroRTBY son of a worthy sire is James Wilson, jun., who for many years captained the (Jeeloag Football Team when they were at the zenith of their fame. He has left his mark on the scroll of V.R.C. Derby fame, too, as be piloted Miss Jessie to victory in the Spring of 1871. The portrait we produce is an excellent likeness: (when in his prime) of j the athlete whose great prowess footballers in general,and old players of tbe Barwoo Foot-' ball Club in particular, are not likely to forget. 1 DON'T think ever I saw Mr. James Wilson, senior, looking better than he did on Saturday ; and the victory of Newhaven must have been specially gratifying to him, seeing that his dam —Oceana—runs back through Idalia to good old Mueidora, the doughty daughter of The Premier and Dinah. A rare stout pedigree this, as will be readily conceded when I direct attention to the fact that Idalia's s:re was none other than En ;lish Tim Whiffier. THEIIE was an immense Attendance at Caulfieid on Saturday, and therefore it is somewhat entertaining to read in Monday's -4nc how "Indignation was expressed On All Sides at Caulfieid on Saturday when it was seen that the Heavily Backed horse, Hova had been scratched for the Caulfieid Cup;" the scribe going on to vouchsafe a piece of information in connection therewith to the effect that " On in quiry it was found that the withdrawal took place at 10 50 in the morning." When' my* eye first caught that " on all sides " pipce of bnBipess the " wreck of tbe Alert incident in)mediately flashed across my remembrance, where" Jt afterwards came out in evidence in the law courts that a reporter had written a "Graphic -Description of the Wreck by an Eyewitness" whilst' located in the reporter's room of the Collins-street office. THAT was a very funny "interview" with .lames Hnyesas narrated in this wfok's Sportsman , He must be a remarkably clever fellow, as well as an excellent horseman, must this same James Hayes, seeing that if be had been specially engaged as an expert reporter to give a graphic description of tbe main incidents of the race for the Caulfieid Cup he couldn't have done it better The one thing that strikes you as being remarkable about tbe interview is the fact that his own mount, The Admiral, i& hardly ever mentioned during tbe narrative, whilst tbe name of Atlas figures very prominently. In fact, Hayes eta tee in one portion of it that he was tipping Atlas to himself as the certain winner. THE scratching of Hova is only another exemplification of the idiocy of fools rushing in where others fear to tread. The Age says the horse wa6 " Heavily Backed," and yet the people connected with him had all along warned the public, through the medium of the Press, that they hadn't a shilling about him, and that he was a Very Unlikely Starter. Just before tbe Caulfield Stakes, last Saturday week, 1 heard Hova's trainer, Abe Davies, state openly in the saddlingpaddock at Caulfieid that he did not think Hova would start for the Caulfieid Cup. And yet in the face of that some " Fly Flats" (the biggest of all " mugs") were not to be stalled off by 6uch a palpable " attempt at put-away" (as they deemed it), and immediately rushed in end backed the son of Ingouiar and Happy Land as if the event was all over bar shouting. AN old-time celebrity in the sporting world passed away to his re'it on Tuesday, when Mr. George Pyers, of Lawler Station, Minyip, succumbed at the ripe age of 80 years. He had resided on the Lawler property for half that term, and in " tbe good old days " owned such sterling good horses as Aldinga, The Ace, Brigantine, Kate, Hans Breitm&na;, Sonneteer and Oculist, besides breeding Dick Swiveller, Lawler, Nelly Bly and many others. The deceased gentleman is to be interred on Lawler Station to-day (Thursday). Oxenham and "The Count" (of the Victorian Club) report under date of yesterday:—Nothing very extraording during the week, the principal commissions we have executed being:—For the Melbourne Cup—1500 to 150 Delaware; lOOOto 80 Hova; 1000 to 00 Wallace i 1000 to 60 Trenchant J 1000 to GO Quiver ; 1000 to 60 Hopscotch ; 1000 to 50 Taranaki; 1000 to 60 Auraria; 1000 to 40 Devon; 1000 to 40 The Admiral; 1000 to 41 The Trier; 1000 to 30 Tbe Admiral; 1000 to 30 The Possible; 1000 to 30 Portsea; 1000 to 30 to 20 others. Victoria Derby :—2 to 1 Wallace; 4 to 1 Auraria; 10 to 1 Oscnlator; 10 to 1 Challenger; 15 to 1 ICallara ; 15 to 1 Vivian J 5 to 1 Toreador. Waterfall is at 5 to 2 for the Derby, but we never lay our own horses. Tiie photo, which appeared in last week's Punch of Mr. W. A. Menzies was taken by "Vandyck," Collins st., and the photo, of Mr. S. G. Cook by " Talma." The annual general meeting of the Melbourne Swimming Club was held in the George Hotel, St. Kilda, on Wednesday evening, the 16th October, a large number of members being present. Mr. W. T. Coldham occupied the chair, and in moving tbe adoption of report and balancesheet, congratulated the members on the successful season tbey had had, and gave them great credit for their energy in bringing the club to the premier position among the swimming clubs of Victoria. Mr. S. G. Pirani, in seconding the motion, commented on tbe usefulness of the lifesaving class which was formed in connection with the club, and which was very successful, principally owing to the untiring efforts of the honorary instructor, Mr. J. G. Pearson. The following are the incoming office-bearers:— Patron, His Excellency Lord Brassey; president, tbe Hon. Geo. Turner, M.L.A.; vice- presidents, Messrs. E. L. Zox, M.L.A., W. T. Coldham, F. Wimpole, H. M. Gooch, S. G. Pirani, W. G. Henderson and E. B. Kaeppel; hon. medical officers, Drs. Schlesinger, MacMullen, M'Adam, Davenport and Goodall; hon. treasurer, C. JL. Shaw; captain, H. Heath; vice-captain, C. AJlard; referee, Isidore Fredman; judges, J. Holland and A. Watt; starter, J. G. Pearson ; timekeeper, P. Shappere; auditors, J. Fredman and A. Kusliall; hon. instructors, Messrs. M. Feldheim, J. J. Blake, E. Casper, A. Eushall, C. Allard; delegates, E. Casper and J G. Pearson ; committee, Messrs. S. Fox, C. Allard, M. Feldheim, .1. W. Thomas and J. G. Pearson; hon. instructor life saving class, J. G. Pearson ; hon. secretary, E. Casper. The chairman, in closing the meeting, drew attention to tbe fact that ladies could attend the life-saving class, and if a sufficient number joined the club the committee would endeavour o appoint lady instructors to teach swimming. MR. E. MANIFOLD ' > J, "<"- '--- -i-Cit&^u^^- j-js^ M B - JAS. WILSON, JUN. MR. J. C. MANIFOLD. ' ' ' 