Tte-S]torytBller. 4 BRIDF/* M\I-\KSK. Bttmc Author of '.Tbk Qcbb*,|A«aibst Owen,-' &o..; &c; [Continued.] CHAPTER XI. Laura's Fate. The door was not looked. That preotatjnn \- was-reodered— unnecessary by anrore'revolt _ ing one. . The inmate of that room nerer got Within rsmoh'of.ths door.- ~ ' ?- ' ? t ' Ha tore it ope* with frantic energy and ruihed in; The full litrht . ef hi» lantero /ell Upon 'the' farther »\'de of tihe coll and repealed \ »U! ! Th'el ajjpaljiing Buspicioni'whicn he.,hjad just conceived was too well founded. There, on the straw wb'ich alb'ne protected her frdm the cold. atone floor, then, in that dark and noisome dungeon to which a ray'bf daylight ?ever pftnettated, there, covere'd. with.- rags, and'obained and padlocked to the wall'lifci a Wild biaat/ lay the fahoe'prond 'and : bean tiiul wif* of Sir Arthur Redleighr '' *'''' ' The deisotiys grorind bie teeth together in the fiercest corse that* be badnsve'r framed, and' then, sitting dowi his lantern on the1 bare floor — for there ' was ' no i dfiiiture — he rushed to her side. ' ' ? ' Altai She repelled, him,, with a., want ?tare. Heaven had shown her greater merjsy than '.man. She btfdfoeased tdlauffer. She was mad. 'With the 'tears starting to bis ey«i hbr deliferer graipe'dtGe'pa'dlooitiB bis hintfarid ? tried. to wrench it asunder by main force.: It ! resisted Bis efforts, but he bethought him of mil hnnoo' of kfe jb, and fortunately one of them' fitted ['the'' watts'. Another instant andj'tne hideous manacles had fallen off, and hecabgbv \- the poor woman 'in his arms' and borne' her' from the hateful spot. ' ' Just m he reached the door, his ears wero greeted by a terrific yell. While he had beiu reading1 Laura's epistle, Mrs. Ferrier bad secretly managed to wriggle herself partly free from the hastily-constructed gag, and as ?oon as he dashed out of the room she exerted herself successfully in wrcnohing her head quite away from the pillow. N« ' sooner bad she accomplished this than she sat up 'a pieroing yell for aid. There was no time for the detective' to hesitate. Leaving : Laura for a moment in the passage, be rushed back into the bedroom . and dealt' the hag a blow with his fist that ?ffeotually silsnead her for some hours. to ??me. He thsa drsw his rarelm, cooksd it, ud . went: back to bis helpleee charge. 'Comt, Lady fUdleigh/ h» said, en ?ouragiBgly, ' we aril i ', going . away from here at once.' - - ? ? ?' The unhappy creature turned a wondering fiance upon him, and drew back a etep jor two inte her cell. ? ' 'No, no,', she said, 'I masn't go.,. I'm sever to. leave. this room again for the rest of my life. Don't yon know who I am ? I'm not lady Redleigh bow. Jot Mni.MircfiMnt, the Bedlamite. She did not say it with any show of irrita tion, but in a meek, helpless sort of way. Smothering his fury at the spectacle of her condition as best he conld, the detective oanght her firmly round the waist with his left arm, and half pushed, half carried her along the passage. In his right hand he beld the 'revolver, and the lantern he had bung-on to » button of his coat. ? :: Suddenly, just as they got to the end of the passage a bright light shone ont in front of them, and the way was barred by Qr. ; Raebell, also armed with a revolver,' and by two burly keepers, carrying bludgeons of for midable appearance. ' Stop, them !' cried the . doctor to his ?iiistantis, at the same time pointing his weapon at Wright. ' It's the Bedlamite es caping, and a madman with her.' Laura's face wbb hidden from view by her long hair, which had fallen over it in dis order as her proteotor harried along. He now set her down against' the wall, and, levelling his ewn weapon at the proprietor of the asylum, exclaimed : ? Dr. Raabell, let me pan at yonr peril 1* 'Don't let him I He is mad!1 cried the other. ? Take that pistol from him.' The two keepers moved forward. 'Another atep, and I fire I* cried the deteotive. * They drew back. 1 Let us pass, or yonr lives shall pay for it,' he said, advancing in his tarn; 'Never! Come any farther,' and I shall fire,' answered Raebell/ looking pale bat determined. 1 For a brief apace they stood I there ? lacing each other. 'Must I kill them P' was the thought passing' through the ' deteotives's mind. '.Who is heP' was the question in Dr.'B.ebell's. ' ' ''!i'! The latter was the first to break the grim ?ilenoe. „ ? , 4 Whb are yon T' he demanded. ' Yon are not oie of my patients.' ' I am one of your patients,' was the retort. ?I am the one whom yon reosived under the false name of Mrs Azmytage, just as you re ?eived Lady Redleigh nflder the false name of -Mrs Robins, and buried If rs Merchant ?nder the same false name.' Crashed by this answer the doctor stag gered back a ptoeor two. Takingvad vantage of this, Wright turned to the, two assistants and oontinasd, speaking t~ »? auarp, menaeing accsnts like the rattle of i nnsketry: # 'Tour master is found out. Look at him, 5 and obey hiss if you dare. He knows I am v no madmaa. I came here to inquire into the ?J. ?ospeetsd murder of Lady Redleigh, known »' to you as Mrs. Robins. I am a deteotive ?'- from Scotland Yard, sent down here by. the /t Sari of Fatheringham, and I have friends ?? who will bring the police and ransaok the : place to its foundations if I as detained. In the Qeeeu'e name I 'command you to let me : paist' The two men, bewildered and terrified, drew back befoie him. He took Laura by the hand, and she made a step forward vith with him. Then Dr. Raebell, overwhelmed |. M he was, made one last attempt. -f ' Stop the woman !' he said. 'No one has /' a right to take hsr away.' I' The assistants hesitated for on instant, and looked as if thye were prepared to obey. All ?t once they threw down their bludgeons and shrank baok trembling, with the exclamation npon their lips i 'Mrs. Robins ghost I1 To be continued, 