j STRAY NOTES. 1 (Bv 'The Tiuwp.') The tabulated pedigree of Music, which appeared in last Saturday's Daily Telegraph, will repay careful perusal by all believers in good bl*o-f, for nt will be seen that the Hobart Cup pinner ha* in his veins some of the very best strains of running blood to be found in the English and Colonial Stud Books. Through bis sire Music inherits the blood of Van Tromp, Voltigeur, Flying Dutchman, and^Engiish Bay Middleton, while through his dam he geis the 4-lood of Harkaway, Voltigeur, Lancrcost, Bird catcher, and Fisherman. When tbe late 4a»entod 11 Angur,' who I was a keen student of pedigree, .eelectc Queen for Mr Sydney Page, I dare venter to say that he was somewhat influenced ii bis choice by the fact tbat the filly was ?, granddaughter of Fisherman, a line of blooi that no one better knew the . value of ' thai poor ' Augur who also knew that; then was very little of this valued strain, in hi native land, Tasmania. The union of Queer with Mozart, descendant on bis dam's sidi of a -line of blood bred from. In this colony for over 60 years, has produced Music, whe is now almittcdly the best horse bred^ic Tasmania during the lash dccadc. A noticable feature in connection wiLb tbe rocent raciug on the two metropolitan coutbcs of the colony was tbe gooa form shown by the progeny of the handsome Yattendon horse, Crcswick, who Ib bred very much on the same lines as the defunct Chester. 2 have written so often about tbe value of the Yattendon blood that there is now nothing more left for me to say than that studmastcra who fail to patronise Ores wick and Dick Turpin are blind to their own interests, and this they will find to .^their cost when the sires named are dead, or sold to go to some other colony, where their true worth will be appreciated. If there be any truth in the old saving, ' A bad beginning makes a good ending,' there should, and I sincerely trust there will be brighter days in Btore for the Malahidc stud. The loss of such a marc -as Blink Bonny aud a sire like Mozart, followed by tbe poor prices which he got for theVtirst batch of his yearlings, would be enough to discourage anyone Icfs enamored of the fascinating pastime of horse breeding than Mr R. G. Talbot. Still, I feel a conviction that, with Meteoraslordof the harem, there will \et be high priced yearlings rais£lon that beautiful estate which takes its name from the historic home of tbe Talbots in Ireland, a name made famiiar to some of us by Gerald Griffin's traditional poem, 41 Tbe Bridal of Malahide.' It is a remarkable fact that some of the most successful horses and marcs, -both on the turf and' at the stud, that the world -has ever known have been bought for thb pro verbial song ; and there were among tuc thoroughbreds sold in Launceston last week one or two youngsters that will in all pro bability distinguish themselves on the turf, and yet these were bought at less than the | price of third -clasB hacks. All were cheap, i but the cheapest of tbe chcap was the Syr- 1 old gelding by Musk Bose from Pandora, who is a second edition of his half- brothcp, Hopetoun, the best miniature racehorse ever saddled in Australia or India. In common with many others 1 was very pleased to hear of PhiL Counsel's win with Oroya in the Launceston Steeplechase, more especially as the mare was ridden — and well ridden, I am told— by ' Teddy' CollicB, one of the most deservedly popular young men in Deloraine. I think it was lucky for the Oroya party that Uno came down at the second last fence from home, for, without wishing to detract in the least from Oroya's meritorious win, I don't think she would have had the ghost of a show on the flat with the Dunorlan horse, whom I saw win a flat race, hard held, in fairly good company, The colt by Reginald from Diana, which Mr J. T. Field bought for 10 guineas at the ?ale of Mr Talbot's yearlings, has arrived safely at Calstock. He is a remarkably even colt tbat it would, indeed, be hard to fault, were It not for a very pronounced splint on the off fore shin, which was no doubt responsible for the ridiculously low figure which the colt fetched at auction. 