MAT HI IDE KARLJTZ. A TALE OF MODERN:EGYPT OAl>T. . ANDREW HAGGAKD. D.S.O. (all bights reserved). I'was for years so closely associated with Charles Dunraven that I can re late everything that happened to him almost exactly..as ifut had happened^ myself. Those who seem him now a gra.ye; stern, ,grey,.•almost ^middle-raged looking man, can form w> idea what a lively,, meriy,: devil-mayrcare . fellow he was in 1&S6.; He had ]omed the previous, and was an ^excellent ofheer in every way. After having distinguished:, himself l-iiho.-an") .affair , wit brigands lasome caves in the mummyfilled lulls of Bem-Hassauj he was granted hsive->forr-iaiwinle.'.to.[come down the Nile to Cairo and recover from a sword cut lie had got m the o scrimmage. -'But as his -wSund-'WAs very soou weil^ he; did.^ot have to bother much about ; that;. but set to possible: Among other things, he was a very fond of riding, and very soon bought a couple of capital polo poiiics and a dog-cart horse, all of which he stabled in a curious little lane, between Shepheard's- Hotel, where lie stayed,' and the .bridge which goes across-the canal leading to the Shoobra Avenue and .the "TVlehattah,"• 'or ' railway station. They werecomfortablestables, which lie had'had' before, but he had always imagined' the low "houses on the other side of the. verynarrppr lane to be uninhabited,. or-" only used'- as store-houses. One evening, .however, lie was undeceived. He was watching Said, .-one of his Egyptian syces, -or grooms, rubbing down a pony 'after returning from polo, when a little furry-haired' dog ran out at himaud began barkiiig furiously. To his sur prise a door opened wide within ten feet of where he stood, disclosing a little "patio," or courtyard, in'which were some palms, and in the doorway stood a young lady, who began calling " Brooko, Brooko, Brooko," iii a viiii attempt to call the dog off. •; This young lady was attired in a very neglige attire: in fact, at the first glaiiee it almost seemed to Duiiraven as if she had just risen from her hed, for she was in-a loose wrapper, which might have been either a bed or dressing gown, and her hair, which was black with a reddish, tinge, liung in luxuriant tresses down her back, Dunraven took her for a young Syrian lady, which, indeed, she much resem bled, but as the dog still went on barking, her cries of " Brooko, Brooko," showed so plainly the state of distress to which she was reduced by its misdemeanour, that Dunraven advanced towards her, only a pace or two indeed separating theni from the first. "Mademoiselle," said he politely, addressing her in French and smilin " pray do not worry about yom'Httle dog with the strange name of'Brooko,' I assure you his barking does no harm." And, after a.pause, he continued, reassured' by her pleasant smile, " I hope he and I will be better friends before long. But," added he, gallantly, " I had no idea that I had such a charming neighbour bo near my stables, or I assure you, mademoiselle, that I should have ordered my syces not to leave sncli a quantity of water standing, as they invariably do, here before your door in the roadway " I know you better that, you know me then," answered the young lady smiling, and speaking French with an Italian accent; and when she. smiled he saw how beautiful she. Was, and noticed, moreover, for the first time the lovely figure which her " gallibiyehj" or loo'se'Egyptian dressibg-rgownj only; served to accentuate. "I have known you. for a year," she continued naively, " and felt.indeed sadly lonely when you last went away up the Nile, for I used to watch you every evening through the partly open door, and. when at length you left, I used always to feed with sugar the lame horse you left: behind, until he was sold; and then, indeed, I did feel rather lonely, I must own, for X had no one to talk to and my occupation •was gone:" And. as she now smiled at him. again with her-- great dusky lustrous eyes, Dunraven felt inclined to curse his stupidity.that he had never before found out this ; voluptuous, beautiful girl's proximity. "Ah !.; mademoiselle/:".; he said " would that. I had known.- a .-year ago that I had such a charming neigh boiir;' but now that' I- . , hav.e : :'fouh'd'' out .you will let me come and thank you some time or other for your; kindness-to my lame horse, .will you not ? " This was a lame enough excuse for continuing theaequamtance, certainly, but any peg serves to hang a hat on; and when two people are both young, passionate, and good-lookmg, a lame horse that lias been fed with isugar,-.a pool of water in a roadway, or a little dog. that barks; are one and all goodenough ..excuses. for. the^ipucposo. Anyhow the acquaintance was begun. Bat"-- before they - separated:' the lovely gsrl said laughingly; " Yes, you may come and see me sometime -when I am more appropriately dressed to receive you than X am-now, ,?bnt you must not call me mademoiselle.though, but madarne, for I am a widow. _ A; widow I that youngardeut-lookmg-girl a widow ! But so it was, Mathilde Karlitz? was,- although ^only.ueigliteeh\ years old, the widow of a half- A ustrian- hal£-ltahani]£rom -ffiriestqjja-n^, the charming' httle-bouse .in whicb she hvedj with 1 no.other compamorfliut : an old: andii.witheredTlookingiiltaliatt servant, was hei own property.. To cut alongstory short Ovaries Dunraven, and the lovely young girl soon "fe'll 1 -passionately>m. love iwith veaohsotliefj: 1 and as :, both. -rwere? fandependent•'iand owiTmclinations,- the^ineyitable'result* wasa-haisonhetweentl^m.;-;Gbarles became 1 eo i attached ^ to the Jlovely vndoW I1iat^wevs00njnnssed i him'jdaily from jus olcfliaunts, the-Turt^CHb^uad themnchson tj^Ter< . _ and,'"indeed, soon we'missedOnto froitf the' jiotelf altogether, -4for-: he -had clearedout, ^bag and. baggagei; t and -with ih e exception 1 ofrnay^elfjnobody kne'W Nvhere he*had^gone -to "Irpe-^andS thufTthe time pass'efl \iAil JjiSj^J, was'&etting;'on towards sFgl&sej;&fi; wastthiriking oflsoon ^etulnihgjjr] Nile ittfjAssojion j One^day^whefi. © uWK Shepheard's, as lie was riding-home fromf'the-polo^'groundjiat '©ezirehf'TPli «had) < not'.8een<Jhim.4or'80ilie' timej so'T: chaffiugly asked -hlm.if he was happy. " SHappy.!": saidhe..j.,".01d' man; I jam ] ust -living: inf a-iheasienr t»f sperpetual blue;-1 'with -"ne'ver- ai 1 cloud ! - .on" the horizon - except my approaching , deparfcure up' the Nile,; which, however, ,I;wall.not!a;l]ow;.imyself.itO'think of. 1 " ij: [".Olij-that-s allTight," said'I', somfe ; what brutally ; "'then'. I suppose the rival hasn!t turned upyet. 1 ' • " Rival.!",said • Charles,- scomftilly- "jRival; . with-''-my - jheaVeDly-i 1 - littl< Mathilde I Why, !man, the thing's impossible; -To iegm.,with,.she. never 'speaks to a ;manrexcept;inyself and* ain; old;:unclev^ivho treats i>meimost -pater-' niillv ;'-and, :tb go- on with—well, she would never look at the fellow,, even if he were there. ! " If you were there^ I expect you ^ h .mean,' old chap ; but if you -were away,- as you willbe soon; : who -knows- P yomen are very-fickle creat-nresi'you know,.and even lovely Italian girls njay bo glad' of variety, like other pteople." : " Oh, shut, up, old. fellow, uid don't talk rot !" said Dnnraven testily, and he called to. :hjs syce .to binng- Ills pony- 'across: the way .from-: i (.- .^.-^xti-. Jiftrj:rit7113:tiT.n.ioi-.-.(.llo* J-ches opposite: ; - .then' Tic -mounted hastily and clattei-ed off up the street. That very evening,, svlien he got to the little house m the lane, he had an un-' pleasant surprise. He found a very handsome but: dark . and repellent^ looking Italian gentleman sittmg : with Mathilde, drinking Arabic coffee in the patio, or courtyard. He was introduced to him as- her cousin, Signor Lorenzo ,--di ;Garlotti. They hated each other from the very first for this event coming so soon after hia conversation with me, Charles Dunraven scented a rival the second he sttw the man; and the cousin hated • him also, for he could-but see that he was distinctly the ma-n ; in. possession, and lie had—so we heard latei— ; beeu an adorer of Mathilde Karlitz tor several years. This Signor Carlotti had pist come down the Nile from •Assiout, 1 winch is, as everyone knows, •the terminus of the Nile railroad which runs south from the Boulak D&kroor; Station, and which is the most important city in Upper Egypt Tt is an ^fadd'- jithlnp-, . howeverii-. chronicle here, ,but there are along the course of the'Nile no less than -tllree different lines-of-rail at various points, all utterly-.disconnected^with one another; as many a British soldier learnt to Ills gost during 'tlie recent -Nile expedition. For to have to load and unload baggage and stores about si!x times over was the unpleasant,.result of tins : state of (lungs, which cau sed" m an y deep -to ned cu rses on; the part of " Tommy Atkins." One of these railroads, that which skirts the. first cataract at Assouan, is only seve miles ; in length,--and goes from the; landing stage at North-End to Shellal,; which is over against the island of Pjhilas, so celebrated for its rums : But, apparently, the French: soldiers of days gone bv had more time to stop and examine "those rums than had our own troops,for,itheir <names may:; be seen, accompanied .with, dates of the bpginmng.- oti the-; centuryi--.scribbled about on every stone of interest that.; is withm reach upon .the magnificent, pylons. .. i.. ,r ^ Another Nile railroad begins at "Wady Haifa, -just"below the Second Ciitarafitj and extends for eighty-seven miles through the most awfully barren, countrv the heai't of man can conceive, ltfe ' terimnation being at .. Akasheh There now,,alas! the festive: Dervish roams unheeded; and the shriekiofihe steam-horse is no longer heard.' But, " revenons a nos moutons." : Dunraven sat and glared at Signor de Carlotti, while the handsome: Lorenzo glowered in turn' -at- Dunraven, until politeness, accompanied by various hints from Mathilde, as to the lateness of 1 the hours'. compelled the -Italian- to -take- his departure, This he did not do, however,- without a parting -sarcasm at his -rival.:;It appears, -my fair ..cousin," said he, scornfully, " that the lateness of the hour does not apply to Enghsh officers of; the Egyptian Gendarmerie! but sulp-pose that is because their; police duties make their ;presence neceBsai-y to protect the honour of our laches ?" Dunraven sprang forward witli the intention of striking the insulting Italian, but Mathilde laid a restraining hand upon his shoulder, and made him curb his fiery temper. • Herselfj she: answered her: cousin. With flashing eyes, .she said, " If, cousin Lorenzo/ you have learned no ' better, .manners np^at Assiout than to -come here aud- insult me .and my guests, all I ca;n say- is the sooner you iti retu rn to Assiout the "better; - At any rate, you need' not-darken mys doors again."' ^jtli'-a curse;-... Carlotti turned, and muttering somethingrbe tween his teeth; left the house; - - ; After,'he'had'-lefc^Mathildejspnngi. ing toThep'.lover ! a»arms;rcommepced;-to^ weep: passionately. "Oh!" said:she, "i Oil, the niiscliance that^ brought Lorenzo-to my bouse while,.you „wer&, here. -For.he will tall-you ! he ::mllj lieart—I know lus cruel bloodthirsty nature. . If only to be : revenged * on -me, whom he thas^persecuted :;with his attentions .for,;so'XongifheiW.ilI smttcder youtobrea'k'myheart.«-And-.I,-what shall I do? •Oh' Carlo, mio barb Cailo, what shall I do?" And the ^eautif ul.glrl-broke , down-m'iai; regular :torre?tf%Mteffirs4;Bl®he^eemed^rquifre besideilierselfv jvith' grie^-..-." J^onsenge,, toa^arAssiSiai Mathilde^epli^d D'Sn- 3 ravon; sootliingly -"-Have nothing to dear-:from L'/:from that i beggarly Italian How can tehurJ jme/ 1 -»I am jmoie |han aj ma/t -For-^in all the pride of being < an Englishman, he .forgot that his. lovt^vjas^Jigrself an and: clenched a hand in vrtiich, m- ; s rival by^ the throaT _^nt MatTiilde^ still weepings 3iever~not'iced the slight feh'ersRlf&s; she Jr-epked'/4J0h it is <'oi}ly?you;;h_ad hiB^p^ntaaMKouism to •or.::tlieJtissast.iii;a .dagger 3 tnatj vSven -continued to try and gopt'hf her iearssfeMr the iresult"'j)i mast^ber^cQnfLst,edrJtlifVti hei tsworjds was, t-hesresnlt degice t] make oi hei Inm-fcel tsworjds was lomowhat m a ^uneasyl^nhf- " J ^^ i- ^ 1 and never to go round; a, street .comer without carefully glanSing^Hackwards over, " point is not ln^dangerous proximity : t"o' the . small Sf^ofir^Back ? And this* is the^sorJiyOf.hfe Charles^d for about ; a week/for-^lathihle (g^istantl/ andanxionsly renewed • her --warjriicgs v to him't f o J b% ir ever (fe 11, -th6"locck'oui"lor ^ti-eachfery 'of some 'kmd? ' But ng'thing ^ai^aaeid^d^tBti? tlle-eiid ;0f ~a week jnattersoumpEovejl^ys lThei^id luticl'iij who-w.ns Mathrjdq's-alfnostisole visitor, and who seemed to - look upon £ . LtunriJvdn^yaimost r-as'-'a sgoli,- canje-?an one "anorwiugi isvithUthe ^foyfui lntellifgence.; thatjMiLotenzobidi .jBarlotti 4rkd; :-dep§irtBd,ftnp.|cB?f -teghls-i avocations up the Nile, at Assiout. And ;tbus an incubus:—which Xjad bpen certainly irksome to ChatHes liimself,- and a matlS^fteM-ib^e^nxie^to^^thilde,- wafe.^emoved. And once more the pur,e."oval "of the' voluptuous little ItaJ^'.-Sace was^ corigfcantly^-'suffused; wi lgh't-and 11 hap^Iy smiles ;-'an&' once/agam thosesgmnd'-' sbft ^lustrous' eyesucbntained nothing but the inerry misAlniSvous laughter - of one who - is almost always happy and never tired of- teasing her-lover. - . ^Tor M-athi'lde -priyileged. - to pay.- her, and drink a little-.cup.:.of Egyptaam coffee: in her.: company, I was always struck by the constant, but somewhat mocking, smile —rthe smile of a regular tease—that for ever lmng about her deliciouslittle mputh. But, by the bye, what' a : habit that ! siime coffee drinking; becomes in' Cairo. ' Coffee drinking" and cigarette: smokmgj m season and out :of season, is indeed the rule in , Egypt. Whether it is the KhejdiKe. you. go -to see m 'his palace, or^ the shopkeeper • m the : Ehan-Khahli Bazaar, lf-.you pass -from -department' to) department: throughout all the Government offices, or if you visit; -your most intimate friends—man 5>r woman—in the auietness of asecluded home, everywhere alike are the tiny, little fingans " or coffee cups infetantly . -producedj • the fragrant Arabic coffee; poured out, and. .the cigarettes offered at the same time. But thi* habit of pei-petual coffee drinking never; seems to do any s one any 'harm. Everyone, native or European, does it from 5 a.m. till midnight to or: later, and no one is the worse for the custom. iAt-length came the: time for Dun-: raven to bo off again up the Nile to his distant post at Assouan^ which is five or. six days': journey by steamer further south than Agsiout, on the borders of Nubia, and chiefly inhabited by Nubians or Berb^rjnes; and -not by: Egyptians propers ; .-Picturesquely enough .situated among its-paim trees;- lt us, nevertheless,, a thoroughly dreary n and -unhealthy spot,.;: -where*..: alas J many a.British-soldier is laid in his last resting place, and it is, moreover^ a town, which at the time of my story, if we except the buildings 'built by the Egyptian Go,verntpeut , for its ,officials, scarcely possessed a house fit for a European to live in. As.Dunraven' was to-- be- in charge of the (rendarmerie at Assouan, he -would' himself be provaded : with a: more or; less uncomfortable official residence, but he, came to .mp.one/da<y in a great; state of distress about Mathilde Ear--" life, who was begging him to allow her to accompany .him, Of course. he hau assured her that was an impossibility in every-way, but equally; of;course, poor Mathilde insisted; like . Ruth, that whero he could go she could go; for what w.omanj especially a woman - in-.-love,.-.-and-, devotedly so was ever yet -known to listen to reason ? But it .was not: so much from any: selfish motive that>Matliilde desired to accompany him, as much as from feiirs for his 'safetj'. She had, she said, had.all kinds -of- distressing dreams of possible dangers that menacld • him, -especially with refer enbe'to 'Lorenzo;;lier iCOusinH and she hajdcalSo-dreamt diiat.shemit ;was, land she alone, who/would-be- aWe.-to avert the - 1 danger, • and - she. : believed. dreams- Therefore,, in ?pite of Dunraven's constant refusals .to.Glisten to he'r prayers to allow, her to accompany him, she still begged him to 'let her go- up to Assouan with him,: if only to •return:atince after his arrival. She urged? strongly- that, if he ;was afraid ofSherifcottipromisinghiminhisofficial position, she would go djsguisedas-ari •Arabwoman; Veiled jn the Egyptian fashion she would-pass for one of his own syce's wives; sTie would live too, like an Arab, and as she spoke Arabic identically like- a. native; no:: one .on earth would ever suspect her identity. 1 But still she urged in vain, for m addition-to"aU- the;T3isadvantages"of her going up to-Assouan at all. Dunraven, who really Joved -her-idevotedly^was terrified on account of her health,- there being, j.ust then a ,=ragmg -:epi-' denuc^ of typhoid .fevec.„..at:_ several .places along, the banks,-and-: the telegraph reporting numbers of-, deaths. as!da%o6cufringat:Assouan.--Inever. saw a woman: so : devotedly ' and passiona;tely--.-iii^love-^m»-my~bfe;}'-j-If ^slft 'even'caSfe "Eo^ine one* day. In: my ropms - at^Shepheard's ®otel-..: to i hog me to try to move her lover. . It! was almosKmpossible to fbelieve that the beautiful j'oung lady- who camc to me dressed m tEe very smartest iand latest Parisian! style,- withs the most; coquettishj ofjpreatioa-in the shape af . a ',tulle "bonnet, was really __ most. ^aniiqjiSt^odisguise 1, herself, j.intfth 4iia6ous«dresBfeffanwEg^tia;nJ-womah|< : tan<i alffor itie^sake ofHoveVButiSo it wSs ^bhe threw herself atjtnyfee"t a she clasped-any _knees she Inssed my |hand^ Jwh'ile'ltlie^iJiot "tears '"raipedi MowS rl^ipoffirthem'--an|:il Jqxate gainSS 1 uutJ -Uitrnui L u u u ®(Cr sniffs "arabiyeh " from the steamer; wiea she was very pa3e - and :-dfi?er-" mined-.lookmg, and • her. • eyes, which flittered brightly, were quite tearless Indeed she-had, to,my great surprise, parted .. from Dunraven -with : the .greatest composure, a composure :which, I think, must have alarmed him, so different ivas it .to her usual passionate impulsiveness. It certainly astonished me. I left-her 'at- •her own house, and"then' with great; I'.egret said: farewell,.for -I: had, ;to go down to Alexandria on duty-next day. And that was the last time 1 saw. her. ' I imust now pass-over the'incidents of 1 DjUnraven'^ voyage. up the Nile to ! Assioutj where he changed-. into;rone! ,nf ' Cook's Nile steamers gowg-further 1 south, and 1 .will indeed carry him right . onj, .four days'-, journey ,:or . further-?south; to iLuxorj iSO; celebrated for its own magnificent' ruins,-and 1 for* the stupendous:- ruins of Earnak;- about a mile away, these latter, indeed, being, . the j -most - wonderful r mains of antiquity that the -whole 'world'possesses. The steamer had been crowded with people-of all classes and'-nationalities;" ^- and,- Charles .Dunraven-,: liailed::. with relief -the-adeaisof getting; .asBoi wire in. advance, at t-ho excellent Luxor Hotel. A great many- other passengers- also'disembarked - at Luxor; and as they were all going over the side together, Dunraven remarked audibly to an acquaintance; " I shalistroll up to Karnak after dinner tonight. and look at the temples' by moonlight.. Do you care to couie ? ". " Not: I,- faith," --replied, the: other;; " the ruins have a very bad reputation after dark. They say they are: haunted, not only. by the ghosts of dead and gone-Egyptians,, hut also by,, brigands." " Oh:! " laughed Charlefe, " is that all ? Well, thank goodness, I am not in the least afraid of spooks, and as for. brigands, those, gentry are not very brave - about- here, and : afte the lesson we gave them i-ecently .-it 5 Bern Hassan,: my one Gendarmerie ' coat and my • tar, bush,': or fez, would scare away a whole army of them, 1 so I shall go alone; 1 am rather fond of solitude in rums;'- Accordingly, there? fore, .to his determination;, that nignt Charles started alone ior - the - ruins He knew ihe way well, and his Egyptian uniform, of a Gendarmerie Bey, deterred any of the usual Arab loafers about : the hotel from molesti ng and pestering-- him with offers of. their company, especially as he had a small detached gendarmerie ,:post in the' place:itself;: the commander.of which,: a sergeant-major, -had reported himself immediately on his arrival. Dunraven had simply told the u bashshawesh;'' or sergeant-major,;-to-carry out his usual patrols and to leave business till the morrow morn, and , -had then started- ; He wore his swordin'a* brown- leather '' SamTBrowne'• belt," but had no other weapon ; . Slowly sauntering : along m -the' glittering moonlight of, that lovely night, lie had gained the celebrated avenue of sphinxes almost before .he knew' he bad started; - , His-thoug;ht were far away, down the Nile with his -dear Mathilde; and-through..,the,;t"lt.in wreaths of his cigarette smoke he almost imagined he • saw her sweet ima:ge'floating above-lnm, as it -were, in a halo floating on a background of cerulean blue Suddenly, just as lie reached the last sphinx of all, that which was just on the edge of the sombie shadows cast by the weird columns of the mighty temple into -which he was about to plunge, he was disagreeably aioused from ; his reverie; -From- where,: she was sitting on the sandy ground, leaning against this sphinx and appaiently dozing, -an Arab :-beggar woman, lumped up and accosted him She wore as hei sole gaimenb nothing but a loose dark blue galli bizeh, or- blouse, the usual garment of 'he fellaheen women Her face was veiled with the usual black veil and gold -nose-piece worn by the lower orders, and her feet and arms,, which ,w were bare, shone with the greater contrast in the moonlight on account of the sombre hues of her attire; Dunraven started surprised, but the words; A-mal marouf ya Saadat, .el, ,Bey iddini -wabed gharsh " (" Pray his excellency the Bey to give me one piastre ") uttered in the usual whining tone beggars everywhere •: adopt, showed him at once what he had to Jeal with. Feeling annoyed at bemg aroiisedv ;; from: his pleasant:, thoughts;; hei was going' to pass- on heedless of her, when she, springing;:forwai-d;.aud' clasping him by the arm, recommenced volubly and loudly, " For the love of God, give me a piastre—for the love of the Prophet Bey, gi\e me one piastre—only one piastre " ""And then, to his infinite surprise, he heard interspersed, soWo 'Uooei 'between .the, harsh Arabic guttnralsj tho. words .of: lovewhisperedin. softest Italianj^-It, is I, Carlo mio, thy Mathilde, 'CarloJ mi'o To ti amo, "but go -not within? the ruins to night, for God's sake ' Then, continuing in Arabic again loudly, slie lecomrnerfced- l begg ng,| " Gi ve me : a piastre,. .^ey, . .only of piastie." - Then once more another whisper m Italian, " Loosen swifty thysword- initssheathjCarlomiO::::,-! followed thee in 'the steamboat .from: Assiout^and'have overheard a plot to' slay thee. 'Get, rea% Werefore^ Oi3y one piastre, forthe forgiveness of J *the 'holy 'Prophet Mahomed*? one? e ^piastre to "the poor ^fellah "woman " ®n Italian' again-^f'JThere f are three ithem.r ^Lorenzo;and J two*' -Arabs.; ^Chfey'are arined with swords—he "has 1 <a pistol Atpiastre Bey, one piastre , 3y, Hassan a'nd Bhisseinj gve me ® piastre L j3o not mini me Carlo Js am{ saf.e They thmt I ^m'only "the temple 'and. tlafeyJiave® \- L -ey to" "do' so'^but^o-thou <not her thy bacli t^hai^S'e] thee;,hehandi«toererW' *5:'A-ndiJ/or^n®o 3i; Carlotti emerged from beliimf a pillar, ; while: two. truculent-looking • Arabs, rushed straight uppn Dunravenwith\draw;n swords.•W!i.th--a sci!eam.- -Mathilde : sprang-aside;. but purposely: she.fellv and fell ' in 'front of the leading one of the Arabs,; m such a way, that he in turn tripped over her and" fell headlong almost at Charles' feet where lie stood-i.with^his-.back-to-the: loolumn. .' They were, he saw;-.three>± one;.' It was no time, therefore, to thlnk of -chivalry -to a fallen foe;; - Hi 'good^sw.ordj.. a, splendid ijveapon^byi Wilkinson;-' flashed(ibrightly ^an :'-the moonlight, and as the Arab strove to rise he clove him through .his turban to the chin, and then instantly tuiiued to engage: his - second foe, .a ,stalsv.ar jmd;isturdy so • negro,..-:iwho:.:haiidled-f his , sword: :botli: -bravely:^ind:in ' a'skilful manner; - • Meanwhile, Mathilde had herself,,crept, away; behind, Lorenzo, -wh oi :held;:a iinickelhplated; a^evolver-iin eH his hand, and who stood, with-a sar-: dome grin,: watching tlie: well-matched pan;,-.-while, listenmgi.w.ith pleasure to itheiclashmgsteel; iHe -thought.r-tlie; issue' was ' certaini'.for • lieshad •bis r volver-to .back his lienchmaxi-up-with. " : "white iacket and dripping to the ground "Afdrim 1 (Bravo 1 ) Said, A ; iarim.3 " cried Lorenzo. " But now be careful, Said, my trieudji and. thou hast'" : hiin at tby.-mency-. Gordon Pasha' did not surely-decorate: thee ; in vain for- thy prowess in swordsman ship. : - Thou shalt;; surely kill tbeidog directly-'"' The negro grinned, and the fight, continued. : Charlie soon' felt Himself getting weaker from loss; of-blood But he kept his head. He felt himself overmatched in strength.' indeed,- but: he determined; to .try sVill Hemadesuddenlyafemtat' the Arab's head. As the negro wai:- rioi- raised his. sword- to protect-his head, Charles, avoiding all contact r with his blade, continued his-downward cut with 'a- continuous : sweep •outwards, which lie changed into an upward cut, the old cut thi ee, at the enemy's wust.j as in the old infantry sword exercise. This -ruse was su-j, cessful The Ai <ib,m raiding liis 'hand, had left his wrist exposed, and ; Dunraven's -'keen'^blade,in:meetingi:it, r nearly severed it in^twain With "a" yell the negro dropped ln.s blade. At this moment :CariotU. .advancing a pace, raised 1 'ins revolver "and was about to 3Vow:'"^iis rival's bi-ains- out •where lie lay, Svlien axr ^unexpected event occurred to mar -Ins laudable ihterition. The 'sham?..s4irab depoy girl sprang - upon luiu:, from behind and: clasped; him firmly, iroumd both arms- He lvas pinioned,,to fire with effect was lm possible—one.-ban-el, jm- deed, actually-exploBed ^accidentally; afirl cried out loudly, ".Ciivlo mio.;! the Arab's sword ! Take- the Arab's sword, Carlo mio" With a cur be, Lorenzo recognised his:. cousin MaV thilde's voice," and-vunly he sti uggled to free himselMrom her.- -She-'clungi however, with ~a force that was s double-nay,-- treble her ordmaiy strength—with the foicc of despair TDiinraven iad taken the _Aiabs sword, but to assist Mathilde was lm possible, he could: not strike- without wounding her rjSiiddenly, with a' desperate w5'ench^Lorenzo-.d.uGarlotti tore himself free from her grasp, and instantaneously turning on hei with an oatY, firecTatf lier point blank and she fell, Put events she did so she was avenged,- 8 for £ with a tiemendous blow of the negro's em ved scimitar, deliveied" at 1 the veiy same-in stint; Dunraven completely decapitated the Italian, whose liead flew off. ^ud before its last curse had well left its lips, was rolling on the ground beside his victim Thp 'frightful final oath •was^actnally oply complete^ on the ground.' % His headless body, still holding the smoking revolver, remained weirdly poised for i moment and .then fell, heavily, m the opposite direction, the contraction of the muscleS'"of-' i the"fin'gers-explodinganotber chamber of the revolver as it did so. -And just at that moment the Ser- geant-major, -of Gendarmerie: Tiandjii patrol of fonr. men,- attracted- by the sound r - of-:shots,;vappear.ed ; upon,,the ghastly scene. Foi the Seigeant majorswassan^ -Egyptian- and :an eyesservantl'and'i had'- therefore . gone out: with the patrol himself with the full intehtionjofv-meeting f'-the.Rey,.". .and of showing him what .a i-^ealous and; good '•gendarme he "was For lie hoped ;.thns. " to; become soon made a mulazim tliani;'' or second lieutenant He did, indeed, find the Bey, not perhaps, indeed, quite as he had expected to, but surrounded'by dead and dying people And he has also since-become aimulazim /vthani;,'hut it is for the tendeiness and' care with whicfeSie conveyed- Mathilde^to -the hotel,-'TChereby^berlife.^aSf:presenved; that he obtained _ 3hat ^distinction. Tor she was taken j'h^ct alive. 2^o\v, there was a'goodj old Boman l Catli'olic priestatthe^Xnxor Hotel, and_when il^hild^'liadreoovered consciousness, ae feeling tbafeshe -was 3ikely ::to:rdie, she confessed all' her; sinsv to. lum'. .He said, kindly and confidently, it was inot-yefri'too'lateto.-xnake-reparation,- •and:asked^Ch^es;withgreat^dignrfcy of demeanour if he did not thunk he, :0ught~t6imarry-~her.in-0rder,thatshe might die happy_and_go fb^heaven.- :,-.:,iMarry.-; her,'' cried Charles, with V teais in his eyes," "that will H most" willingly do—b3t not that she may J die happy,'- but that ^plea-se God, she 'may ' B"+- DunravegZhas jievei quite got ovei (.that"night 3and, t"he M^tjcJiejEelt about Mathilde then ^.t had jn 'fact | Taefo^e-the daWif broke v aged him 