TflB BASTSE GHOST. a n It was a most blossomful Easter morning in the old Alabama town. DafiodUs fair as those that lured Persephone to the under world shook their tiny golden coblets in the sunshine. Chinese magnolias, with their smooth, lavender- colored odes, held draughts off sweetness for the breezes tD dp. Yellow jessamine 'dangled a thousand golden bells from pillar or tall cedar. Cecil Lee Vert felt a delicious thrill of joy at the fullness of spring and sunshine. Hie had faated strenuously all Lent, but all the austerities practised by the young rector of SL Lazarus could n<Jt keep -town the buoyant physical strength of him. But his asceticism helped to build upon Mm a soul of such power that it seemed to obe and another of his congregation, that he but thought of a needed reform in his world, and, lo, it was aooomplisheci. On all the electric currents of spiritual force he seemed able to lay hand for good. But there was one thing he had thought over a great deal of late without bringing his hopes anywhere near an accomplishment; the Gains household could not be interested ih^^w rent," ^nd'jent' QuSr^B^tt l^fe T^mnskadjfor'de^ration,^^ to the'. town, having*!t»tne ^to live in" ah immensdy«ld h<mse,'aB Alabama houses go, come to t^ietn lately by inheritance.. They were charming people; Maebelle Gains was wholly so. She was to be married soon. Cecil had met her and her betrothed walking toward her home'in the twilight last evening. . Maebelle held a handful of white camellias, and Cecil had thought she looked just as magnificent and soulless as they. Now with the richness of the morning and the strength of a fast breaking in him he determined to make one more effort to interest these two in those matters that were more than breath of life to him. With this in view he walked up the long avenue of Magnolia-hall grounds before early services- Under a gold -powdered cedar, rich with its lustre of infinitesimal fine bloom, be saw the lovers seated. He saw that they were in animated conversation, and the words that he could but half hear were these "Don't you think, Maebelle, that we might have that nice young fellow, Lee Vert, to marry ns instead of that superannuated fossil, Dr " And why, pray ?" interrupted Maebelle's full, sweet tones, "why are we to have any minister V "Why, Maebelle, did yon ever see a wedding without a minister ?" " I have read of being married by a probate judge, or something like that.". "Bat people in our podtion! Thenews- ^•ongers, in print and out, wouldn't want a better morsel!" " You have taught me all this," declared Maebelle ; " and you wish me now, because custom, fashion wills it, to take a bit of eclat from a thing I cannot honor." " You go too far, 1 " urged Tom. Tom was only enough of an agnostic to be comformable to his clique; it had never occurred to him to cut short his pew rent; or refuse an invitation to dine with a bishop. His love for Maebelle was so deep and sincere that he was careful, until his engagement was a Eure thing, not to utter to his beloved any of those airy, poison-tipped boa-mots and sanve little sneerings that made up pretty much of his stock-in-trade of fashionable agnosticism. Maebelle had proved too apt a pupil. " But here is I>ee Vert!" exclaimed Kstcew. " Pll ask him if £ am not right." " Mi88 Maebslle is right," declared Lee Vert. "1 partly guess, £ partly heard, tire matter of discussion. One ought never to shelter under a banner one cannot love and efend." Tom Eskew looked frowningly out over iie lake with its glistening ripple and its slands of lily-pads. Why can you not enlist with us ?" sked Lee Vert; all this coldness in the idst of generous warmth and beauty of ature, all this flippancy of doubt against is warm zeal, was well-nigh insupportable o him. "£ cannot believe so forcibly as one must o be with you, in the elements of the uneen," said Maebelle. Tom was more annoyed than he could have elieved possible ; he stooped and plucked ne of the white hyacinths that stretched in wide border before them like an opened croll with its woeful ai! ai ! written ou the lithe spring-tide. " I find it bard to believe," said Lee Vert fter a pause, appropos of nothing, as he eached for a spray of Jessamine. '* that hese beautiiul and fragrant blossoms hold a eadly poison within." " Unseen but potent," murmured Tom. "Ah, I see where you are now, Mr Lee ert," langhed Maebelle: and as to you, om, you will soon be ready to believe in nr ghost?" Yes,"continued Maebelle, lightly, "since e have moved to this house every member f the family, myedf excepted, have either een a sight or felt—a—something—which as worse." "What have they seen?" asked Tom agerly. " Oh, the usual thing," laughed Maebelle; all white, quite comine il fait." "Who saw it?'' Tom bent towards her in is eagerness. " Dignify onr ghost with a personal prooun, if you please !'* " Who saw her?'* " Ah, yon think her at once a woman. You are right. But £ will begin the story at the beginning," suggested Maebelle, 'her right, pleasant face unlike enough a weird tory. *' It was this way: my brother, who ad not a grain of superstition nor any sort f cowardice, came home late from a Univerity class sapper a few weeks after our rrival; it was about this time of the year. The house was all in darknesB. He stepped nto the library to get a package of cigarettes e had left on the mantel. No sooner had he otten midway into the room before a great ear overcame him. ' In the first surge of right be braced himself for the defensive, ut in an instant he felt ashamed of his sense uscles—yet a greater terror swept ovarium. very separate hair stood on his head. He elt eome~pervadipg presence in the room... e heard the softest, 'the swifte6t footiall ere, tfcere, ererywhere. ..Evenuihis fright Sllis! . .... ... - . tby Qarlsnd was fc «hch a tantrum< : as the weetest baJnes /w01" i be sometimes. Mother nd myselfw&na; izyiiigin 'vain to quiet him, nd eouan Miixgabet, bearing his ciying and aving a marrellous power with baities, ltarteddown the &jbair8; to cdmetohim. " Half-way dopm atMrsT heard her call ery excitedly to me, 'Maebelle! MaiebellaI tow could yoa frighten meso !' I heard her ay. And as pale as one of these hyacinths he rushed into 'mother's room. 'Why, aebelle! youtnhere 1* sheexclaimed- . 41 1 Ol course I aim,* I said ; have been n here worrying ^th haby ^ hour and *' * I saw yon,^ 8ha dedare<|, <as distinctly s Iaeeyou now. Kotybor fue; that wiu idden. 1 BUG your -figUre, your own attitude^ ortifiris of thejmuiao^^ if yon were Inst abont to Btep into the hall.' - *'Xou beckoned - to me eo amSonsly,"'«> lwvBricrowha lamented aloud, 'Oar ghost would leave thla house!' she cried- **Now," it is truth," continued, this unbelieving teller of ghost tales, " that we could ot get servants to stay with ns when we came here, only old Lootie and Wash, who would lBave us for nothing. They said they heard strange noises even in broad daylight, and saw strange figures even at noon. A Strange sunshine ghost ours is, Tom," she said, laughing at his eager face ; " it will appear either night or day as it chooses. We had a small addition made to the old honse, and then the servants were ^ ready enough to hire tone; they said new planks wonld drive off the spirits. But even new plank has failed to iia us of our haunting woman with the beckoning hand." " Mb w I shall tell what X myself saw," declared Tom, " the second time I came here to visit this honse. It was 2 o'clock at mornng, you remember, when my train brought me here from Chattanooga. I expected only oe to be up to receive me, of course, the our being so unearthly. What was my mazement as we drove up the avenue of agnolias, to see a tall young woman in white standing alone at the front door. There was no light in all the house. I wondered you should be sp and alone at snch an hour. I had the hackm&n; stop land pat me out halfay up the avenue. This he was gladlo do, fdt hu horses Were Ufting thftir heads and snorting with-.suppre^ed. ^citemen^. Mis nwn eyes wei» lEng ^sanOetsT' Thinking the fi^re-to W yonj l said iiO word of it to bim. ofcouise. I walked up the avenue "slowly, o oppressed was I with - a sense of 'deep sorrow more than fear. The figure was so wind-blown, so full of indescribable griefstricken expression, that it seemed almost a sacrilege to approach it. " But as I came nearer, the figure floated, with all its draperies astir, across the broad gallery, down the lofty Sight of steps, oat into the garden. But that I did not see the face I could have sworn it was you. "As I was about to tnm to follow it I beard Joe's cherry 'Hello,' and he flung wide the hall door. 'All well?' I asked. " * Sound as a top,' he said. "'Where are, where is Maebelle?' I asked. "' In bed,' said he. "Somehow £ couldn't say a word about the figure." The young minister pulled to pieces a japonica wide opened, and mingled white and red, like the rich mingling in a lover's heart of white despair at the truth of sach happiness and regal hope of desire's perfect fulfilment. It seemed to him preposterous that a man who professed himself as full of doubt as om Eskew should con over so credulously uch impassible stories. " Of course we have a raison d'etre for ur ghost," explained Maebelle, lightly. "Aunt Lootie Bays her grandmother—who as, of course, a slave to our people, s Aunt Lootie herself was in the ld days—told her of a great - great reat-aunt of mine ' who was ready o laugh and to ecoS at anything. In the height of her youth and beauty she was hrown from a horse and received an injury hich she never recovered from. She died, ccording to Aunt Lootie, lamenting her tubbornness, and declaring she would, ii ossible, return to warn all eueerers to beware f misbelief of their betters." " It is a sad story," said ijse Vert. "Ifit.istrue," said Maebelle; "but she as not, you see, kept her word as far as X m concerned." "She may yet," senten&ously; from Tom. "What has come over you, Tom?" ueried Maebelle, with a puzzled smile. " If Bhe does or does not appear to you, it boul& make no difference in your belief or isbelief of great truths, Miss Maebelle," aid Lee Vert, rising as his church bells rang ut cheerily. " If I can persuade Maebelle to it, you will any ns, will you noi ?" asked Tom. " No,'' answered Lee Vert j " I cannot give he prestige of a holy ceremony to those who espise it and my holy office." Tom flashed hotly, but Maebelle reached ut her strong young hand to grasp Lee ert's. "You are right," she -said; "and e assured I will never let Tom ask you unless become as you are." All the bells of al) the churches in the old own rang out most melodiously, and the arch sunligbt grew brighter and richer, but aebelle and Tom sat wrapped each in a ew discontent. Tom couldn't help fancying that he gave ore to his agnosticism than that- school was ike to give to. him. He saw that he could ever make Maebelle accord any show of eference to that preat and important ociety, the Church, that anyhow marries nd buries us, no matter how new-school we row. The uncomfortable thought of death came o him, a burial without a service, and a onument bearing thereon same text of lato. He couldn't imagine * houseful of children ith no one to hear them say their prayers. t was a most excellent arrangement to have Being who threatened and promised, and hristian maxims to form characters for oung nieces of humanity. It was nice, too, o have a wife battling with tears with one's anly doubts. M&ebelle;, too, was disappointed in Tom. ow much nobler appeared the young inister, firm, immovable in hi3 convictions, istaken though they might be. Suddenly the glamour of the spring day ecame'a very heaviness of rich gold. Sudenly the sweetness of spring flowers, jessaine, narcissi, hyacinths, became deadly in ts intensity. - Suddenly Maebelle caught sight of a igure floating toward her from the far eaches of the bowery lawn. The whole form as quivering with, it seemed, an agony of itter sorrow. The shadowy clouds floated ither and thither, and anon wrung themelves in an ecstacy of despair. - Maebelle saw, or thought she saw, what o other humanbeing had seen, the face of the hing. It was a face whose expressions were s unstable as waters, yet each variant was a how of deeper misery, of tireless yet everhanging anguish. It was a honor of fairess, of delicacy. As the form, light, raceful, beautiful, yet .a very inspiration o orror,-drifted, almost,it seemed, to Maebelle, ear enough for her to reach ont to touch the uivering hands, she sprang up from the arden seat, her own form palpitating, her wn hands as full of unsteady terror as hose of thS floating" shadow. A moment 2 and/ with the bL\;kness of eath all about Her, she sank Into her lover's o s a h c a - r spell oTqjringtime "could 'teai& ha^- It was Eastertide again when Tom, umbled of his bXrpe^^y, yet t^umphaht in new hope, asked 2^' Vert to perform the eremony at Ms approaching marriage. . The Easter ghost ol Magnolia Hall was ever seen again. / ' I. ". : r Its many appearances to diveise people ere never explained., Whether it was relection of sky and water lend bloomfid trees ; he shaking of white ^adows froin windlown boughs to meet the white glitter of he lake's long ripples snd ot the toss of milky ormtains,orwhetherthe^nng(mnister(«tt*. owing in the midst of las lofty exultation of astertide at remembrances otlhe flippant alk of two doubters, yet reftdy almtwt to elieve inShadows) printed unwittingly,in hendndhe thonrfitof/the figments ofhis wn fancy ; tit whether the coming fever of he fcain had cent ont its own feverous hantasies forforerunners; nfeneeonldBay. • The nextyear thB old tero experienced a boom." as taany bthar otdSouthern to^na ye. The Uvm ibontThe GaSns'how* was s f t ' t rs h s s d hc c t 