Ellenborough-street Wesleyan Church. ANNUAL SOCIAL AND AFTER-MEETING. The anniversary of the Ellenborough-street Wesleyan Church was celebrated on Tuesday evening last by the holding of a social and after-meeting. Despite the inauspiciousness of the weather, owingtothe cold biting wind which swept across the town, a large number of Church members and adherents assembled on invitation in the Limestone-street Sunday-school, where a pleasant social hour wos spent. Refreshments were handed round in abundance by several of the young people connected with the Church. The Revs. B. Stewart (superintendent of the circoit), J. J. Gee and T. R. Thurlow were present, and took a deep interest in the pro eoedings. About 730 o'clock an adjournment was made to the church, where the after meeting tas held. It was of a very interesting character. Brief speeches alternated with musical numbers. The latter had been ar ranged by Mr. T. Parker, and were thoroughly appreciated. The selections submitted by the choir, under his leadership, with orchestral accompaniments supplied by the Church string band, were particularly well rendered, and were deservedly apple.oded in every instance. Mr. Josarn BosE, senior cirtuit steward, presided, and there were with him on the plat form the Revs. P. Robertson, R. Stewart, J. J. Gee, and T. R. Thurlow. After the singing of a hymn, devotional exercises were engaged in, and then The Bev. R. SSTOwsT said that the events of the past year were almost too numerous to deal with that night, yet there were some things to which he might refer. Good progress had been made in all departments connected with the Churchduring the past year. The choir had grown and improved. satisfactory work had been done in the shndy-ayhool Ithad grown \--in fact, he might almost say it had swarmed \--until now the building was too small to ac commodate all the children, and the authorities were looking out for someone who would give a piece of ground and erect a suitable edifce thereon; not so pretentious as some other buildings in town, but, still, a building which would be faicly comfortable, and large enough for nearly 400 scholars whonow congregated in the school-room every Sunday "fternoon. There had also been goad sttady plodding work all through the year in connection with the congregation, which, he thought, had in creased. They had had a glorious time when Mr. Cook was here. Many per sons had to preise God for his visit, snd no doubt they would work their praises during the remainder of their lives. Then the class meetings had been greatly enlarged and enlightened, and all that was asked was that those who were members should attend regu larly. Tha membership hadincreasod wonder folly, not only in members, but he trusted also in quality--for he believed not so much in quantity as in quality. They wanted good Christian people to take -an active, part in the Chorch work. Then, too, the Church had got ' lively mission band' who held services here and there and did 'first-clas work for Jesus Chriet, and God would greatly bless their efforts. Inthe course of'the ea" aW omen's Cireult'id Souiety had bqe' formred. It was a big name, ant they meont It to be abig as sloolaiton. Already about if~ty persouc had given in their names as irorkers. ,hey would be divided Intoeomusitlees, and cort~si' otisns of the Church work would be salgs,'&'to each, and the osnveners of each committeewouldsoee to it that tho wo'r as do'a.' .Ie'wou~ladviss those who ha'been sitting down and saying that the Church was neglected to become membersof t't ?sotety and they would find pleaty of work to do. Thors was soPs ior' a an'sll rere wased. They wanted a rea live Church," wih.the Holy Ghost s~riog in the he:iarts and minds of the woihpemad thus beautitylug teir lives in tieir dai noant' wlih' tlie men of the world. Now, with regi to thfl'tin'cian slde of the qeto,- There were peveris fIflas' in con neDtion with'the ChurhL-two l'arge ones-hbe Circuit and the Trust. Dtoothe former all the Sunday esolls?iung.:,:bep)?, those' or "bia~l jupe-s 'isuss Ba~· did toob lh'aolaps fidoi -and i @adujbr - "bp t'these the money went'ot out s q~aq oy as Ui caumein, in liqsidattUg.muil ,lsterlal sano and ihe cIrcuit expensos g~ie~i~ &illy; W:Foi'athe T~ast fdndtl?r.flmkt.i,M.h? sis; iir, liht ing, interest, inssancq and providing hooks for the choir were met. The pew rents, sol? lections fur trust poisses. ad.use "t'nealdso of special efforts,; suc~h e tlsa~bf ad~~nivr~i ware apportioned to dbatlbi&. ,ad. the l Church funds were in a" healthy Oondltien, slt?huu~ they were not quite robust. The' Trustnd had been augmented during the esarby:£801, the netproceeds of the recent bazua. Other sums brought the total receipts for that fund, duringthe twelve months, np to £440. Last year the debt on the building stood at £880, but that had now been 'rduced to £090. (Applause.) Last year the interest on the Church debt reached £00, but this year it would only be £80, so that meant a saving of £110 in that rim. (Applause.) There was also £30 in hand to be devoted towards liquidating the debt, and the proceeds from that anniversary-£35-?wold meet the cost of a few repairs that were being efectlcd. The trustees were very thankful to' those friends who workedaso well and faith fully in connection with the bazaar, and to the Christias public--yea, to the whole bf the pub lic-for the way in which they supported the Church by paitrnising the sale of goods, the gross takings from which reached a little over £000. The income from all sources in the circuit during the year was £2180--a very large sum indeed to be raised is one year in that circuit. In conclusion, he would cay that the past demanded our gratitude, the present demanded eur veork, and the future, he be lieved, was bright snd happy for the Church. ,Ayonc aho looeled at their Sunday-school wrould feel thait if thai cas the nursery of the Churce, ithen rthere seere soaie vigorous babes, che wrould develop ihto coble cen sod someaue in a ewE ycars. (Load applause.) A qaratette ", Silg uoto God," by Slicers Wiaillag and Mlilly Vton Loscrg stenld Messrs. . d. Itatihettetl Vt, M'Gill, elicited the se:aru p15rtdite lf the listt:,ner.s. iThe Ctt.tit:e.ts ec::pleased pltdeasur at seeing elach sg eoodly gttrlteieeg. As theic aurahey ttevrisl?eC:td n h:td le ratarbld, he thoughit that tLg:y all lead rr:aon no he Ihaneilul for the visit e; ti:e ic\\. T. Cool: to Ipeswiceh. Daring thle Cear tsie Chturch had lest une oa its grand old men in the death uf the rhon..Joan Clsrke Fooota-- all honour to his name. Mlr. Pouts wavs one of the best friends that he (the speaker) ever had. In conclusion, he besought all preo sent to go forth in diligence to serve the Lord. The choir having sung "The Day Now in Splendour Breaketh,!' The 11ev. J. 3. cEE gave a brief address on the subject of "The relationship between the Church life and the ordinary life." The Chairman had expressed surprise at what had been said and written during the past few weeks in referenes to one vital matter. He noticed that when Christians became alive to their duty the devil awakened to a sense of his duty also. It was a good thing sometimes for the Church to have a little opposition. The Christian had something behind him to enable him to fight and struggle and triumph in the ordinary circumstances of life. As Christ suffered, no doubt His followers would have to suofer also, but then they would triumph in the end. The Rev. P. BosonTsoN expressed hispleasure at being present. Alluding to the question of the nnion of the Churches, he said that a basis of union which he believed woold prove satis. factory had been arrived at, the result of which would be that in September next there would be only one Presbyterian Chorch in Asistralia, instead of that body being divided as had been the case hitherto. He went on to remark that he saw no reason why there should not be a union of the Methodist Churches, but he was opposed to a union of all the Churches on the basis that had been laid down in certain quarters. A quartette, "Charity" by Misses Milly Von Lossberg, Winning (two), and Mrs. French, was thoroughly appreciated. The Rev. T. R. Tnnvaow was called opon to give an address, but, as the evening was well advanced, he excused himself from doing so. "Rejoice and give Thanks," by the choir, followed by "March of the Hebrews," by the orchestra terminated the musical portion of the programme. The Caorssu, on behalf of the authorities of the Chorch, extended hearty thanks to all who had in any way contributed to the success of the "function." After the singing of the doxology and the pronouncing of the benediction, the andience dispersed. 