THE ENTHBONISATION. The services of tin,.day were throe ia number. There was aa carly celebration of the Holy Communion, which was well attended. The entbroiisat'on, which formed the second servie a took plaoe at ll a.m. Half an bout before that time the Eastern door of »St. George's Cathedral was oponed, aid the eeat holders who had obtained tiokets wera admited to their sea's. A goodly nunrfrr ai rived during the quarter of an hour allotted io them, and ia the meantime a largs gathering assembled outside the Catbed a'. At a quarter to eleven, the doors of tho boücing were thrown open and tbe people entered, and by the lioje they hid iiken their a;ati, there waa a very large oengregation präsent. In the mo inti coe arrangements were made for forming a procession of clergy and laity at the Cathedral Schoolroom, The Rev. F. J. P.iee acted as marshal for the olergy, and Mr. J. Talbot; Hobbs for the laity. As the c'ock struck the hour the Bishop arrived at the west door of the Cathedral and was there met by the Tery Rev. F. Goldsmith, Dean of Perth, the Ven. D. G. Watkins, Archdeacon bf Perth, *tbe Canons of the Cathedral (Canons Brown, Sweeting, Louob, Grossr, an! William1»),, the oI?rsT, ohoir,,Iay members of the Synod, and tte Churchwardens and Vestry of the Parish. The Bishop exhibited the document* testify- ing to his due consecration. The procession was then formed in the following order : Sidesmen of Distriot Churches. Vestrymen of other Parishes. . Cathedral Vestry. Lay members of Sj nod. Diocesan Council.' Diocesan Trustees. Church Advoiate. Cathedral Churchwardens. . The Choir. . Tbe Canons. * The Archdeacon, The Dein. The Bishop, * , The Biskop wore bis Episcopal convocation robe. This was a scarlet silk obimere, or outer robe, over the white rochet. He also wore tbe scarlet hood of a Doctor of Divinity of Cambridge, and his white stole. As tho words " To the Most High and Ador ab'e Trinity be all honour, glory, and pawer ; world without end," were Bang, the proces- sion entered by the wost door of the Cathe- dral in tho order given, and slowly marohed up the centre aisle, obanting Psalm oxxii. in unison. Upon reaching the bead of the aisle, the laity took the special seata reserved for them in fren*, and the remaining members of the precession moved to the entrance to the chancel. The choir took their sea's in tho stalls, and at the back cf them, on tba Decani and Canton sides, the clergy fa*. The Dean stood in front of the Holy Table, and the Chapter to tbe right and left, and the Bishop knelt at the fald-stool by the ohanoel steps. Tho PreOBB and the Lord's Prayer were sung, after wbioh the Dean recited the following prayers : " Graut, we beseech Thee, O Lord, to this Thy ser vant, Charles Owen Leaver, our Bishop, that in preaching and doing these things which be right be, by the example of bis Godly life, may teach the souls of those com- mitted to bis caro, and finally receive the reward of Eternal Life from the Great Shep- herd of the flock, Jesus Christ our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with Tbee, and the Holy Ghost, ever one Gol, world without end. Amen." " O Lord God, Father Almighty, who by the unspeakable bounty of Thy grace alone, hast appointed this, Thy servant, Charles Owen Leaver, to rule over Thy people, grant him, wa beseech Thee, by the grace of Thy Ho'y Spirit, fitly to di oharge the ministry of the priestly office before Thee, duly to dispense the Sacraments of the Church, and worthily to gove-n the flo k en'rusted to bim, to the glory of Thy Holy Name, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." After this, Psalm lxxxix, 20-30, was chanted, and then the Bishop, having first proceeded to tho sanctuary, Mr. T. Marwood, th? Diocesan Treasurer, standing at the chancel entrance, read the mandate of the Primate of All Australia to the Dean for the installation of tbe Bishop. The mandate was as follows : William Saumarez, by the Divine Permis- sion Bishop of Sydney and Primate of the Diooifee in Australia aid Tasmania. To our beloved in Christ the Very Rev. Frederiok Goldsmith, administrator of the diocese of Pe th, Western Australia. Greeting: Whereas by reBolu ions of the Synod of the diocese of Perth the nomination of a Bishop of the said diocese ia plaoe^of the Right Bev. Henry Hatton Parry, deoessed, was delegated to the Bishops of Durham, Manchester and South, well, and whereas tbe fact of such delegation was communicated to the Bishops of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania, and a majority of the said Bishops notified to me; in accordance with the rules for tbe con- firmation and consecration of Bishops and for th? election of Primates made by the Gene- al Synod of the DiooeBes of Australia and Tasmania on the 25th day of October, 1872, that they approved of the said delegation. And whereas in pursuance of euch delegation tbe Bishops of Durham, Manchester and Southwell did nominate tho Rev. Cbas. Owen Leaver Riley, M.A., Vicar cf St. Paul'?, Pres'on, in the diocese of Man cluster, to succeed the said Henry Hutton Parry, in tbe aforesaid bishopric of Perth, as certified by the Administrator of the diocese of Perth. And whereas with the concurrence of tbe Primate of the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania, the said Charles Owen Leaver Riley was on the 18'h Day of Ootober in the year of our Lord, 1894, by virtue and anthoiity of Her Majesty's license or mandate previously had and obtained, consecrated by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Prima'e of All England ant Metropolitan, certain Other Bishops cf the Church of England, assisting bim, to bo a Bish p, the rite?, oironm stmces and o->rrmonits anciently used in the Church of England being ob- served and applied aoeotd'ug to the form and manner preec.ibed in the boob int tu'ed " The form and manner of making, ordaining, and consecra'ing of bishops, priests, and deacons," and whereas Her Majesty's said Heme or mandate was obtained by the sud Lord Archbishop of Can'erbury, and the said Lord Archbishop of Cantertury consecrated the Bald Charles Oven Leaver Riley as herein- before mentioned, with the intent and for the purpoie that tbe said Charles Owen Leaver Riley should t xeroise bis functions within the Baid see or diocese of Perth, and whereas it is desired that all necessary and pt op ir means shaH be taken for tbe purp-.ee of placing tbe Biid R'gbt Rav. Charles Owen L-aver Riley in the poss1 seien of 'hi said seo or bishoprio of .Perth, and whereas for the purpose aforesaid, and ia crier to carry the same Into effeot it is intended to inst tl the slid Right Rev. Chart's O «en Leaver Riley, on tho fifth day of February uer*, in the C ilhedral Church of St. George at Perth, and w: e -eas we bava been requested to issue this o»' nan date in that behalf aoocr dingly: We d 11 cr foro h oreby command and require yon, tie sui 1 F ederiok Goldsmith, to a'tmd at the eaid cb ir h at ll of the clock in the forenoon of ths eaid fifth day of February, and then und lhere duly to instal tho sa<d Bight Rev. Charles 0*en L*aver Riley into the possession of the said BUboprio of Perth, and what you shall do in pursuance of these presents we reqiest you to certify atid maka knowa to na 38 soon thereafter BB conveniently may be. ' Given und?r our bani and acal of the See of Sydney, which ia this behalf is used, this tenth day ot January, iff tbe Tear of Our Lord 1895, and of nur consecration the fifth. ' \- (Signed) Wu. Bz. SïDNSYf Primate. The Dean then said " In tho Name of God. Ames," cud conducted the Bishop to the throne, upon which he seated him- self, the Dean delivering the follow- ing charge to him : " In the name of God. Amen. I, Frederick Goldsmith, Dean of Perth, pursuant to the commission inst re- cited, do hereby induct thee, Charlas Owe;i Leaver, having been duly eleoted and conse- crated to be Bishop of Perth, into tbe oecrt pation of the See and Diocese of Perth, do herewith install thee in the p>ssession, authority and jurisdiction, which pertain, or shall hereafter pertain to the Bi sh.p of thia See. And the Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from thia time forth for evermore. Amen." The Bishop thea made the following de- claration : " I, Charles Owen Leaver, Bishop of Prrfcti, do hereby promise to respeot, main- tain, end defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Churoh and Diocese, and tn rule therein with truth, justice, and charity, cot lording it over God's heritage, bnt show- ing myee'f in a 1 things an example to the flock. So help me God. Amen." After this the following prayer was said: '? O Lord, we beseech Thee, mercifully hear our prayers, and bestow the graos of Tby bless n? cn Thy eervant, Charles Owen Leaver, cur Bishop, whom Thou hast vouch safed to advance to the High Priesthood, and as be surpasses others in tho Church ' in honour of rank, so may be exe. 1 likewise in holiness and good works, through JVsus Christ our Lord. Amen." The singing of the Benedictus foll o wed, and then the prayer : *? O Ged, who makest Thy Church glad with the manifold bounty of Tby gifts, vouchsafe to Tby servant, Charles Owen Leaver, whom Thou bast this day given unto us, to bear the glory, to sit and rule upon his throne, and to be a priest upon his throne; stablish bim with the counsel of ppaoe, that he may be mighty in good works, shining with the grace af holiness and zeal, may worthily and faithfully guide, strengthen, and comfort th? flock entrusted to him, and, overcoming the world, may with happiness reach the pastures of everlasting life, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." Then turning to the newly enthroned Bis- hop, the Dean said, " God, Whose grain hath called thee to this office, be thine aid, and grant th se thine h?art's desire, endue thee with jidgmen*, knowledge, bounty, purity, lowliness, and patience; stablish thee in righteousnesi and holiness end evermore grant thee His peaoe, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." " The blessing of God Almighty, the Fathe-, the Son, and tba Holy Ghost desosad aud abide upon thee now and for evermore. Amen." The Holy Euohariat was then o lebratodby the Bishop. The service was full choral, and the Benedictus and Agnus Dei were sang by Mr. A. Let jh. The oolleot, epis le and gospel were those appointed for St, Simon and St. Jude's Day. A largo portion of tbe congre- gation communicated, and after the bene- diction bad been pronounced by the Bishop, tbe Nunc Dimittk was sung by the choir, and the service ended. 