In a Wlonster's -?aw$, ! Stirring Adventures with Lions in the Hottentot Country. ? )»-? - THo Wonderful Strength of tbe King of Beasts— Sensations of a Man Who Was Carried Half a Mile Between tbe ,Ult., Teotb at a Huge Brute. ..?jV.rj.VJS'. ' ,.»?-?-' — vvv . While trapping lions in the Hottentot country for the Hamburg animal house I j had opportunities for seeing the king of I beasts at his best and for making close ob- j servations of his traits of character, writes a correspondent. We were once camped in a grove on the bank of a creek, our party numbering over thirty people. The bank on the other side was rocky ground, pretty thickly covered with scrub, and right on the ' brink stood one of the largest lions I ever saw. He waa out in full view, head and tail up, and stood so still for a moment that J doubted If he was alive. We had a new milch cow tied to the wheel of one of the waggons, and the lion advanced to within thirty feefc of her and then made a spring which landed him fairly upon her back. She fell in a heap, and he seized her by the neck, gave her two or three shakeB, * which broke the grass rope arom.d her head, and then he got his right shoulder under her1 and started off. The cow weighed at least' five hundred pounds, but he carried her with' perfect ease, her hind feet dragging on the; ground. At the creek he made a jump of eleven feet, ascended a sloping bank without; a halt, and soon disappeared in the broken! ground with his prey. He was gone before! ?we had a gun ready. ) About four months later, on the Orange! River, I had a close call for my life, with noj one at hand to aid me by distracting the at-i tention of the lion. I had only ona white! man with me, and he was ill of fever. Wej had dug a pit on a path frequented by lions coming down to drink, but were much' annoyed by other animals falling into it. j On the first night, after the natives hadj driven several useless animals. away, a large, lion and lioness came down the path. When' first discovered the lion was ahead, but he] got the scent of my men, who were stationed in a tree, and stopped short to growl and i sniff, while the lioness, who was perhaps very thirsty, advanced slowly and went; down into the pit. . ; The pit was two miles from our camp, and we heard nothing of tbe row which took place wh«n the lion discovered the trick played on hia mate. He tore around like mad, and then lay down at the foofr' of the treS and besieged the men. As soon1 as it was daylight I left camp on horseback! to ride over and see ? what luck. I rode: Btraight for the place, and when within forty! rods called to the men. They answered at once, anrf though I could not make out what theysaid I knew they were excited over; something. I was riding around a clump of j trees on to an open space, when my horsej Bnddenly started . Next instant I was on the - ground and the lion standing over me, and I| could hear the horse tearing away through the scrub like mad. The lion had pulled me down, tearing the back out of my coat, vest, andBhirt, but not drawing blood with, his j claws, ? i As in the previous case, I was not fright-! ened, because it had occurred so suddenly, that I had not time to lose my nerve. I waa! on my left side, bareheaded, and the lion' stood for a moment with his paw on my^ right shoulder looking after the hore e. The; natives saw the fleeing horse, knew very! well what had happened to me, and at oucei descended the tree and made for camp. I| did not blame them, and perhapB that veryl action saved my life. I had time to collect my thoughts in that single minute, and, as I had routed one lion by barking like a dog, I . decided to follow the same plan in thiscase., But, as I said at the beginning, lions are as! unlike as men. At my first bark this fellowj growled savagely and gave me a terrible bite! in the hip. Sad I cried out at that or made' any struggle se wcaid have finished me at; once. I repressed my feelings and played, dead. I had a revolverstrapped to my back.j but it would not do to reach for it. After; biting me the lion watched and waited fosi : signs of life, and when he could detect noaa ; he seized my right shoulder in his teeth,, gave me a shake and a twist, and next' moment I was being carried ofi on his back.; His teeth did not touch my flesh', and as I'1 lay almost across him on my side my hand' struck the butt of the revolver, I had iti out of the holster in a second, ;and then l! felt I had a show. Whether tfce beast felt any movement or not he growled at in tervals, and his breath came back on me so, strong that I was nauseated. I intended to! fire into him as he carried me along, but he, was swaying about so that I dared*1- not riski it. ] After carrying me half -a-mile. through the] scrub and over broken ground the liotnhalteS' at the head of the ravine, in which he! doubtless bad his lair. He turned about asj if to see if pursuit had been m&de;, and thOj muzzle of the pistol came against his left; hip. I fired at once, and the next instant, was flung in a heap on the earth, wliile the! lion uttered a scream of pain. I was on my| knees in a flash, but the beast was ten feet! away, going round in circles and biting afc' the wound. He did not notice me in the least, and I sent another bullett in him just' back of the shoulder. He uttered another scream, and instead of rushing at me, as I fully expectedj made a leap insio the ravine; and I could hear him running for some dis-i tahce. I was badly shaken up, but I lost noj time in getting out of the neighborhood, andj in the course of an hour reached campo Nearly everybody was out looking for me. See. now how inconsistently that lion acted. He came out into the open ground andi charged the party of over twenty men, al-; though they had not disturbed! him. He hadj run from me in his surprise, , and now felt, ashamed of himself. He kiiopked over a! native as he charged, but was riddled with/ bullets, and gave up the ghost* 