A REAL SHOST STORY AT HAMPTON Ct'UPv'L’. iU last tlio reproach ot the A'sycmcai ■RcccarcU Society is taken away. It has always been the joko against them that they, who seek parscvoringly the spectral ex periences which others would only bo too glad to avoid, never succeed iu getting a ghast to take any notice of them. Tim more presence in a haunted house of one of ■these investigators was enough to lay every thing that ever walked in it ; for, as Mr Xang puts it— When Hie elan. Itesonicheisecme The brines of bogies-ito: Hut at last better luck him attended them. In the forthcoming number of “ Borderland’ xho assistant editress, a lady well known in “psychical circles” as Miss X., tells the following tale of a night sho lately spent at Hampton Court. It will bo seen that tlm spectre was not only proof against the dis couraging influences of tho S.I’.R., hut was not ovon frightenud away by an article on . Bimelalism. A tough ghost tilts :— SI.KKWS" IN- A HAUNTED ROOM. I recently found myself the guest ot a lady occupying a pleasant euito of roams iu Hampton Court Valaee. My room wan ■quaintly prettr, bnv somewhat peculiar in Arrangement, amt lighted only from the roof. Tho folding doors were lockod ; more over. a heavy table stood against them on xhe other side, and a wardrobe on the innor. 'i’hu bedstead was a small one without curtains; indeed, iio room contained no hangings whatever. The door into the room opened so near to tho head of the bed that. there was room between only for a ■very small table, upon which I tool; care to place two long candles and a plentiiul .supply of matches, being somewhat addicted to late and early reading. I eat op iu bed amt gave my beBt attention to Lord iv.rrer’e problem, “ Shall wo Degrade our Standard j of Value 1” iu the National Roviow. 'When I finished the article, as the clock struck hali-pasc one, I considered myself absolved from further responsibility, aud put out my lights, and was asleep before the next nuarter sounded. a\vaki:d ! Nearly three hours later I was suddenly aw ekened from dreamless slumber by the seund of the opeuiug of a door against which Borne piece of furniture wan standing, in, itB it seemed, the empty room to my right. I remembered the cat, and tried to couneivo by what kind of ‘ rampaging” she could contrive to be so noisy. A minute later there followed a thud, apparently on this side of tho folding doors. “A dress fallen in tho wardrobe,” was my next thought, and I stretched out my left hand for tho match-box, as a preliminary to in TJ1E TOUCH OF A SI’KCTKAT. HAND. I did not reacli tho matches. It ecctned to me that a detaining hand was laid on mine. I withdrew it quickly and gazed around into the darkness. Seine minutes passed in blackness and silence. I had the sensation of a presence in tho room, and finally, mindful of the tradition that a ghost should be spoken to, I said gently, “Is anyone there'! Dan I do anything for you?” I roinembered that tho last person who entertained “the Ghost” had said “Go away, I don’t want you !” and I hoped that my visitor would admire iny better manners snd bo kind. However, there Ms noj Xbc rocollootiun of those dotaininu fingers not to attempt to strike a light, I rose and ■walked round my bed, keeping the right band on the edge of tho bodatead, while with my left arm extended I swept tho surround ing space. As tho room is Email I thus fairly well satisfied myself that it contained nothing unusual. THE AlTAlilTION AND its licht. I was, though somewhat perplexed, about To grant myBelf license to go to sleep again, •when in the darkness before me there began To glow a soft light. I watched it increase in brightness and in extent. It seemed to radiate from a central point, which gradually took form and became a tall, flight woman, moving slowly across the room from the folding doors on my right. As she passed tiie foot of my bed I felt a slight vibration in the spring mattress. At the further corner she stopped, so that I had time to observe her profile and general appearance. Her face was insipidly pretty, that of a woman of from thirty to thirty five years of age, her figure slight, her dress of a dark soft material, baving a full skirt and a broad sash or soft waistband tied high up, almost under tho arms, a crossed or draped kerchief over the shoulders, and sleeves which I noticed fitted very tight below the elbow, and hair which was dressod so as not to lie flat to the head, either iu enrls or “ bows,” I could not tell which. As she appeared to stand between me and the light I cannot speak with any certainty »« to tho color, but tho dress, though dark, was, I think, not black. In spite of all this definitivenoss, I perceived the figure to be unsubstantial, and I felt guilty of absurdity in asking once more, "Will you Act me help you ? Can I be of any use to tod ? ” THE ft HOST KNEELS .AND DISAPPEARS. Sly voice sounded preternaturally loud, "but I felt no surprise nt noticing that it produced no effect upon my visitor. She stood still for perhaps two minutes, though occasions. Sho thozx raided hue Imnda, -which were long and wliito, and hold them before her as Bhe sank upon her knees and -slowly buried her face in the paims, in the attitudo of prayer—whon quite suddenly the light Trent out and I was alone in the darkness. I felt that the scene wag ended, the cur tain down, and had no hesitation in lighting the candle at my sido. I tried to examine the impression the -rision conveyed. I felt that it was definitely that of reproach, yet of gentle resignation. There was no force, no passion ; 1 had seen a meek, sad woman, who had sucoumbod. I‘ began to turn over in my mind the illustrious names of former occupants of the chamber. I fixed on one—a bad man of the worst hind, a bad fool of that time of wickedness and folly, the Regency_1 thought of the secret passage in the next room, and began to weave an elaborate romance. “ This will not do, here and now,” Ire fiected, as the clock struck four, and as an act of mental discipline X returned to my Rational Review. From Miss X’b descriptions the ghost stems to be an unidentified spectre, at least a century later than the wraiths of Catherine Howard and the other unfortunate Queens of Henry VIII., who have hitherto been sup posed to ho the only spectral occupants of the 