[ALT. QUEENSLAND EIGHTS RESERVED.] ONS OF FIRE!* i\ ; : & New ■ Novel MISS BKADDON, AT7TH0E OP "lady Xadley's Secret," "Tie Fatal Three," "Wyllard's Weird," "The Say Will Come," Thon Art the Hani" Ac., Ac. CHAPTER XTX.—(Cbu/uiuaf.) STUBSERY-GOVEBNESS means a nursery-maid -with out a cap, Mr. George," said Wnrfhft. . <<J shouldn't like to see her brought to that. _ I've taken to her already. Benjamin says, with her sweet' voice and pretty face, she ought to go on the stage.' •' I was bonified at the idea. j "' Martha, how can you speak of such a thing? Have yon any idea what the life of a ; .theatre means for an inexperienced girl—for a "beautiful girl, most of all "' Ob, I've heard there are temptations; hat a prudent young woman can take care of herself anywhere, Mr. George; and an im prudent young woman will go wrong in a country parsonage, or a nunnery. If ifiss Campbell is to earn her own living, she'll have to face danger* and temptation^ go where she may. She'll hare to take care of herself, poor chili There'll be nobody else to take care of her. I've heard that young women are well looked after in some theatres—at Mr. Charles Kean's, for instance. I knew a young person that used to .walk on in "jLouis the Eleventh " —dressed as a boy in blue and gold—and she told me that Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean was that particular * "' The Keans are making a farewell tour in Australia, and will never go into management again, Martha. Yon ore talking nonsense.' \- . "Poor Martha looked crestfallen at this TCpTOOf. *« *1 dare say I am. Mr. George; but for all . that, I don't think Miss Campbell will ever do much as a governess. It isn't in her. There's ^ a helplessness, and a bendiagness, and droop ingness, if.I may say so, abonther character • that won't do for a governess. The only, mistress that would keep her is the kind of mistress that would make a slave of her.' *54 Hard lines,' I said, getting up and walk ing about the little hack parlour." 'fit was a third room quite at the hack of the substantial Georgian bouse; there was scant space for my restlessness between the old square piano, which served as a sideboard, and the fireplace by which my dear old Martha sat looking at me with a perturbed countenance. " I began to think that I had let myself in for a bad thing. "What was I to do with this girl, whose fate I had in some measure taken into my hands. It had seemed easy enough to bring her to this quiet shelter, which she might leave in a week or so braced np and ready to .fight her battle of life—the battle we all have to fight somehow—a self-supporting young woman.. Self-supporting, that was the point. I now remembered with terror that there is a large class of persons upon this earth whom not _ even the scourge of poverty can make self . supporting: a vast multitude of feeble souls ' who resign themselves from the beginning of things to drift upon the stream of life, and are \- never known to strike out and swim for any shore, and so drift down to the ocean of death. Of these are the poor relations for whom some . thing is for ever being done, and who never do anything for themselves; of these the feeble scions of patrician family trees, who are always waiting for sinecures under Government. " God help her, poor soul; if she was one of these invertebrates; and God help me in my , responsibility towards her. "I was an only son; the heir to a small estate in Suffolk, and an income of something under three thousand a year. I was not quite : twenty years of age, and I had to maintain ; myself at the most expensive college in Cam bridge on an allowance that many of the rich ; ' young men with whom I associated would have I considered abject penury. I was not in a fast . set. I did not hunt—indeed, with mv modest income hunting would have been impossible; but I was not without tastes which absorbed money; the love of choice books and fine en . gravings, the fancy for curios picked up here or there, the presence of which gave interest to my rooms, and* perhaps, helped to reconcile me to many long hours within closed doors. I had hitherto been most careful to live within my income, for I knew that it was as much as my mother could afford to give me, taking into consideration her devotion to the estate which was to be mine by-and-by, and the mainte nance and improvement of which had been to her as a religion. Her model cottages, her home-farm, the village church, to whose every improvement her purse had largely contributed, these were the sources of expenditure which • kept her comparatively poor, and which for • bade any extravagance on my part. " All these facts were in my mind that after noon as I paced the narrow bounds of old Martha's sitting room. "'She will have to get her living,' I said severely, as the result of these meditations, which showed me no margin for philanthropy. "Had my mother been as some men's mothers X might naturally have contemplated shifting the burden upon her shonlders. I might have told her Esperanz&'s story, and banded Esperanza over to her care as freely as if X had picked up a stray cat or dog. But my mother was not one of those soft, impres • aonable women who are always ready to give the reins to sentiment. She was a good woman, and devoted much of her life and incw to d«ng good, bat her benevolence was restricted to tfie limits of her own-parish. She would hardly listen to a tale of sorrow outride her own village. "1 We have so much to do for our own people, ; George,' ilie used to tell me; 'it is folly to be ; distracted by outside claims. Here we know 1 our return for every shilling we give. "We j know the best and the worse about those wo help.1 "Were I to tell her Esperanza's story, her suggestions for helping me out of my difficulty would be crueller than old Martha's. She would ho for sending the girl into service as a housemaid, or for getting her an assisted pas sage to the Antipodes on an emigrant ship. "Martha came to my rescue in my. trouble now as she had done many a time when I wore a kilt, and when my naked knees had come into abrupt collision with a gravel path or a i She'll have to be older and wiser before i she gets her own living, Mr. George,' said Martha; 'but don't trouble about her. As 1 long as "I've a bed or a sofa to spare she can j stop with me and Benjamin. Her bite and I sup won't hurt us, poor thing, and I don't want sixpence from you.' She shall stop here free gratis, Mr. George, till she finds a better home.' " I gave my old nurse a hug as if I had been still the bov in tbe Macdougal kilt." "'No, no, Martha; I am not going to impose on your generosity. X shall be able to pay you something. Only I thought you might want two or three pounds a week for her hoard, and I could not manage that for an in definite period.' " Two or three poundsI Lor, Mr. George, if that's your notion of prices, Cambridge land ladies must be 'arpies. Why, I only get two guineas for my drawing-room floor, as a per manency, and lady tenants even begrudge half-a- crown extra for kitchen fire. Let her stop here as long as she likes, Mr. George, and never yon think about money. It's only her future rm thinking of, for there's a helpless ness about her that—— Ah, there she is,' as the hall door slowly opened. . * I gave her my key. She's quite one of us already.'. - " She came quietly into the room and took my proffered hand without shyness or' embar rassment She was pale stall, but tbe fresh air had brought a faint rose tint into the pallid cheeks. She looked even younger and more child-like to-day in her shabby mourning frock and poor little black straw hat than she had looked the night before last. Her strong emotion then had given more of womanliness to the small oval face. To-day there was a simplicity in her aspect, as of a trusting child .who took no thought of the future, secure in the kindness of those about her. "I thought of a sentence' in the Gospel. 'Consider the lilies how they grow.' This child had grown up like a lily in the mild atmosphere of domestic love, and had been the easy dupe of a delusion which appealed to her affection for the dead. " * I called to see if you were quite comfort able and at home with Mrs. Blake,' I said, far more embarrassed by the situation than Esperauza was. " 'Yes, indeed, I am,' Bhe answered in her sad sweet voice. 'It is so nice to be with someone so ldnd and clean and comfortable. The Erau was not very unkind, bat she was so dirty. She gave us such horrid things to eat— the smell of them made me ill—and then she ssiid I was affected and silly, and the Hen used to say I might starve if I could not eat their food. It made me think of my happy home with father, and our cosy little tea-table beside the fire. We did not always have dinner,' (die added naively; 'neither of us cared much for that.' " She hung over old Martha's shoulder with affectionate familiarity, and the horny old hand which had led my infant steps was held up to clasp hers, and the withered old face smiled. "' See how she gets round us,' said Martha, 1 nodding at me. 'Benjamin is just as bad. Anil you should hear her play the 'armoninm of an evening, and sing "Abide with He." You'd hardly hear her without shedding tears.' " 'Do yon think you can he happy here for a few weeks?' I asked. "' Yes, as happy as I can be anywhere with out father. I dreamt of him last night—such vivid dreams. I heard his voice close beside my pillow railing my name. I koow his spirit was in the room. It isn't because the Herr and his wife were cheats that there is no link between the living and the dead. I know there is a link,'she insisted passionately, her eyes brimming with sudden tears. ' They are not dead—those we dearly love—only removed from us. The clay is gone; the soul is hover* ing near, blessing, comforting us.' " She sobbed out her grief, hiding her face upon Martha's substantial shoulder. I could speak no word of consolation ; nor would I for worlds have argued against this fond hallucina tion, the dream of sorrowing love. ' 1 shall not see thee. Dare I say. Ho spirit ever brake the band That stays him from the native land, In which he walk'd when clasp'tinclay? Ho visual shade of some one lost, But he, the Spirit himself, may come "Where all the nerve of sense is numb j Spirit to Spirit^ Ghost to Ghost.' " I quoted those lovely lines in a low. voice as I walked softly up and down the darkening1 room; and then there was silence save for soothing wordless murmurs from Martha, such murmurs as had served to hush my own baby sorrows. " • There's the kefctlo just on the boil/ cried the good soul, cheerily, when Esperanza's sobs had ceased; * and I know Mr. George must be wanting his enp of tea.' "She rose and bustled about in her dear old active way. She lit a lamp—an inartistic cheap paraffin lamp, but the light was cheerful. The tea table arranged by Martha was the picture of neatness. She set. Esperanza the fenunine t**k of making .twist. The poor ohild had the Erettiest air of penitence as she kissed Martha's and then knelt meekly down, with the fire glow crimsoning her alabaster face and neck, and shining on the pale gold hair and rusty black frock. "♦I'm afraid Fm very troublesome,' she said, apologetically; but, indeed, Fin very grateful to you, sir, for taking care of me that dreadful night, and to dear Mrs. Bloke for all her kindness to me.' '4 Mrs. Blake is the quintessence of kind ness. I am very glad to think you can live happily here until she or I can'find some nice situation for you.' "She had been smiling softly over her task, bnt her face clouded in .an instant. * A situation. That's what everybody said atBcsbery! "We must find her actuation. And then Mrs. Grimshawe wanted me to be a dressmaker. *You shall not be a dressmaker. I promise that.' "4 But oh, what am I to he ? I don't know half enough for a governess. I couldn't teach big boys German and 1" reach and drawing. I couldn't teach little boys Latin. And that's what everybody wants in a governess. I've 1 read the advertisements in the newspapers.' . * And as to being a nursery governess, why, it's negro slavery i said Martha. "41 wouldn't mind the drudgery, only I hate children!' said Esperanza. "This avowal shocked me. Hooked at the soft, - childlike,- countenance and the speech seemed incongruous. 441 have never had anything to do with children since niy sister Lucy died,' she ex plained. 41 shouldn't understand them, and they would laugh at me and znyfancies. After Lucy's death I lived alone with father, always alone; he and L The harmonium and the organ in the church close by were our only friends. Our clergyman was just civil to father, I don't think he ever liked him. I heard him once tell some one that his organist was an eccentricity. An eccentricity. That was all he could say about my father, who was ever so much cleverer than he.' 44She said this with pride,' almost with defiance, looking me in the face as if she were challenging me to dispute the fact. - "4Was your father very clever!* I asked her, keenly interested in any glimpse of her history. "4 Yes, I am sure he was clever, much cleverer than the common run of people. He loved music, and he played beautifully. "Hi« touch upon the old organ made the church music sound angelic. . Now and then there was someone in the church—some stranger— who seemed to understand his playing, and who was astonished to find such an organist in the village church.—an out-of-the-way village like ours. But for the most part people took so notice. It did not seem to matter to them whether the choir Bang well or badly; hut when they sang false it hurt father just like bodily pain.' " * Did he teach you to play.* " ' A little. But he wasn't fond of teaching. "What I know of music I found out chiefly for myself—just sitting alone at the organ, when I could get one of the choirboys to blow for me, touching the keys, and trying the stops, till I learnt something about them. But I play very badly,' ! '•' Beautifully! beautifully * ejaculated Martha. 'You draw tears.' j "• You sang in the choir, I think,* I said. " ' Yes; there were four young ladies, and a lady's maid with a contralto voice,' and I was the sixth. There were about a dozen men and boys who sat on the other side of the chancel. People said it was a good choir for a Tillage church. Father was so unhappy when we , sang badly that we could not help trying to I sing welL* I remembered those seraphic notes in Handel's tlirilling melody, and I could under stand that at least ono voice in the choir had the heavenly ring. " * "Well,' I said at last, * we must hope for the best. Something may turn up that will suit you better than governeasing. And in the meantime you cau make yourself happy with my old nurse. I can answer for it she'll never be unkind to you.' "'I'm sure of that. I would rather stay here and be her servant than go umong strangers.' " What, wear an apron and cap, and wait upon the lodgers ?' I said, laughing at the absurdity of the idea. She seemed a creature so far removed from the race of neat-handed Phillises. "' I should not mind.' " The dock in the hall struck six, and I had promised Gerald to be ready for dinner at half past, as we were to go to a theatre afterwards— the Adelpbi, where Jefferson was acting 'Rip Van WinWo ' T IibA 4n 4nl*o n Vnmiv) lmou Van "WinHe.' I had to take a hurried leave. " 'Don't you worry yourself about her,' Mr. George, said Martha, as she let me out at the strectdoor. 'I'llkeenheraslongasovcryoulike.' " I told Martha that I should send her a little money from time to time, and that I should consider myself in her debt for a pound a week as long as Miss Campbell stayed with her. *' * She'll want a new frock, won't sho V I asked. ' The one she wears looks very shabby.* " 'It looks what it is, Mr. George. It's all but threadbare, and it's the only frock she has in the world, poor child. But don't you trouble about that either. You gave mo two sovereigns. Oneofthcso will buy the stuff and she and I con make the frock. I've cut out plenty of frocks in my day. I used to make all your mother's frocks once upon & time.' " Sbo bad nursed my mother in the bloom of her youth; she bad nursed me in her Bturdy middle life; and now in her old ax© she "was willing to care for this girl for whose fate X had made myself responsible. " Gerald roe - d mo with his customary chcermess, thm.- .11 wa3 ten minutes after the half-liour, and tee fried sole had frizzled itself to dryness by the delay. •"I've some good news for you I' he ex claimed in his usual exuberant way. . * It's ail right.' . " « What's all right?* ■ - Your protegee, I've written to the parson at Besbeiy. lie story she told was gospel truth.' ~ ' • "' I never thought it was anything else.* '•«Ah, that's because you're over head and ears in love with her,' said Gerald. v " I felt myself blushing furiously, blushing like a girl whose secret tenderness stands re vealed. Of course X protested that nothing was further from my thoughts than love; and t was only sorry for the girl's loneliness and helplessness. Gerald obviously doubted me; and I had to listen to his sage counsel on the subject. He was my senior by two years, and claimed to be a man of the world, while I had been brought up at my mother's apron string. He foresaw dangers of which I had no appre hension. " * There is nothing easier to drop into than on entanglement of that sort,' he said. 'Ton had much better fall in love with a ballet-girl. It may be more expensive for the moment, but it won't compromise your future.* "His arguments had no effect upon my con duct in the few remaining days of the long vacation. I went to Ormond street a second and a third time daring those few days. I took Esperaxiza to an afternoon concert at the St James's Hall, and enjoyed her ecstacy as she listened to Sainton and Bottesini. With her music was a passion, and I believe she sat beside me utterly unconscious of my existence, with a soul lifted above earth and all earthly \ feelings. "'You were happy while the music lasted,' X said, as we walked back to Ormond street, by a longisb round, for I chose the quietest streets rather than the nearest way. " ' More than happy,' she answered softly. * I was talking with my father's spirit.' " 'You still believe in the communion of the dead and the living,'I said, 'in spite of the tricks your German friends played upon you ?' "'Yes,' she answered steadfastly, 'I still believe. I shall always believe there is & bridge between earth and heaven—between the world we can see and touch and the world we can only feel with our hearts and minds. When I hear music like that we heard just now —those long-drawn singing notes on the violin, those deep organ tones of the 'cello—I feel myself carried away into a shadowy world where X know my hither and mother are wait ing for me. We shall all be together again some day, and I shall know and understand, and X shall feel her soft touch upon my fore head and my hair as I have felt it so often in my dreams.' "She broke down, crying softly as ahe walked by my side. X soothed her as well as I could, soothed her most when I talked of those she had lost, questioning her about til em. She remembered her mother dimly—a long, last illness, a pal© and wasted face, and gentle hands and loving arms that nsed to be .folded round her nock as she nestled against the sick bed. That sick-room, and the dim light of wintry afternoons, and the sound of the harmonium as her father played soft music in the adjoining parlour, were things that seemed to have lasted for years. She could not look behind them. Her memory of mother and of home stopped on the threshold of that dimly lighted room. Her father was a memory of yesterday. He had been her seeond self, the other half of her mind. ; 1 He beliered in ghosts,' she said, ' and in second sight. He has often told me how he saw my mother coming downstairs to meet him, with a shroud showing faintly aboTe her white summer gown, the night before she broke a blood- vessel, and took her to her bed in her last illness.' " ' An optical delusion, no donbt; but it comes natural to a Scotchman to believe such things. He should not have told you.' '"Why not? I like to know that the world we cannot sec is near ns. 1 should have died of loneliness if I had not believed my father's spirit was still within reach. I don't mind about those people being impostors. I begin to think that the friends we have lost would hardly talk to us through the moving up and down of wooden tables. It seems Buch a foolish way, does it not?' '"Worse than foolish; undignified. Tho ghosts in Virgil move and talk with a stately grandenr; Shakespeare's ghosts are kingly and awful. They strike terror. It has remained for the nineteenth century to imagine ghosts that flit about a shabby parlour and skip from side to side of the room and flutter round a table, and touch, and rap, and tap, and pat with visoous hands, like the touch of a toad.' *"I don't care what yon say about those tilings,'she answered resolutely. 'There is a link between life and death. I don't know what the link is; hut though my father may be dead to all the world besides he is not dead to me.' " I did not oppose stubborn common sense to this fond delusion. It might be good for her to believe in the tilings that arc not. The tender fancy might bridge over the dark gulf of sorrow. I tried to divert her mind to lighter subjects—talked to her of this monstrous Lon don of which she knew nothing and of which I knew very little. [to be continued next week.] Tho following new companies have boeu registered in the Supreme Court: Charleville Newspaper Company, Limited; capital, £1,000, in £1 shares. W. H. Palingand Co., Limited; capital £40,000, in 4,000 shares. Queensland International Exhibition Company, Limited; capital, £10,000, in 10,000 shares. The Towers Brewery Company, Limited ; capital, £0,500, in 7,000 shares* 