Parish of St. James, Morpeth. | INDUCTION OF THE REV. A. C. THOMAS. Yesterday forenoon, in the Church of St. James, Morpeth,. the Rev. Alfred Cayley Thomas was formally inducted by the Rev. Archdeacon Tyrrell, B.A., in the presence of a large congregation. The Rev. Coles Child, BA, formerly Archdeacon of Newcastle and incumbent of Morpetb, was also present, and read the morning service. Proceedings began with the processional hymn, * 'Onward, Christian Soldiers,'- 361, A. and M., after which morning service was read to the end of the.third collect. The proper Psalms were Ps. 121, Levavi oculos, and Ps. 182, Memento, Domine. The Lessons were Isaiah vi., 1 — 9, and 2 Corinthians v., 17 — vi., 11, read by the Ten. Archdeacon. The hymn after the third collect was hymn 352, A. and M., ' Christ is gone up ; yet ere he passed.' The Rev. Archdeacon TyrrelI was the preacher. He said that on an occasion such as the induction of a new incumbent into the enre of souls of that parish, not only should be who was to receive his commission be exhorted to the faithful discharge of his duties, but the parishioners should be made ._ to understand the true position of a clergyman. And it was hoped that the words to be spoken would be blessed to the edification of all who heard them. What note should be struck? Certain titles were in the New Testament assigned to the Chris tian minister. Many designations were employed. God's Church was represented as a family, and the gifts and graces of the 'Spirit were described as the food and the wages cf its members. The min ister was called tho dispenser, of these good gifts of God, a steward. He was called also 'a watchman, standing as it were on a lofty tower, patrolling its ?battlements, ever wakeful, ever on the alert against sudden surprise. He was called a pastor — he was the shepherd of the congregation, which was likened to a flock of sheep, whom he tends and di rects, whom he guards from the attack of wild leasts, for whom ho finds shelter, and whom he leads to the green pastures and beside the cooling streams. And the weary, the young, and the foot sore he carries in his arms. Other designations TTate also used, but the preacher desired to fix their minds especially on two titles of the Christian minister — two titles which were startling in them selves and still more startling in their contrast. One of the titles would-be found in 2 Corinthians v., 20., ' Now then wo are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us,' and the other was to be seen in the fourth chapter, verse 5 — — ' For we preach, not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord ; and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake.' Ambassador and slave — that was what the ordained minister of Christ was. He claimed the j dignity and all tbe circumstances appertaining to ' a delegate of the King of kings, and at the same j time he submitted to be a slave of the congregation. A alave; not of God or of Christ, but of his people, a man placed at their beck and call. That ?was the true idea of ? Christ's minister : he was an ambassador and a slave. That was the view St. Puul took of the ministerial- office : ' We are ambassadors for Christ,' and again, ' For which I am an atnbHSsudor in bonds,' and on . 'the other side : I have made myself your slave ; I have enslaved myself unto God — ' Ourselves- your (. , and slave— the highest and the lowest office, and yet each consistent witb the other : most true slave ' when most faithful ambassador, and ambassador most successful when most abject slave ? Why | ?was that so ? Because then the Chi istian minister would be most like him whose representative he -was — the highest and tbe lowestin one : a Slave of slaves, and yet also the King of kings. That ivaB tbe lesson for minister and congregation to learn. He was an uinbaosador, and yet a slave. Yet he must not merge the ambassador into the slave, nor lose the slave in the ambuasador. Should lie forget that he in an ambassador his work will be feeble, listless, and inefficient, because nerveless and sinewless j if he forget tbett he is a slave, he will toe arrogant, harsh, repulsive ; he will win no Bym pathy, he will guin no adherents. Three ideas mere involved in the title ambassador : Commission, representation, diplomacy. Every minister of Christ must believe and feel that be is commissioned by X3od to do His work. How could he know that he was commissioned ? Of course, it was necessary that he should reseivo through the authoritative channel the outward commission which could be traced thiough the centuries to Jesus Christ Him self. Yet that outward commission was not sufficient. The minister must always remember his ordination vowp, and ask himself whether he, can trnly answer Yeo to the question ? 'Are you inwardly moved by the, Holy Ghost to take npon you this office and ministration to Eorve ?God for the promotion of His glory and the edifying! of Hiu people ?' Should he be able to give the affirmative answer, should he be aware of the still .small voics of God speaking to him and sending him forth, then he will be aware that be haB indeed Christ's commission to feed His sheep. Hero and there it may have happened that a minister has entered upon bis office without the consciousness that he had boon eent, and has become a faithful . minister, haying learned in the solfiuin and aaorod 4u'tjea of tho' office its grave responeibilitieYj' but ifc i was nevertheless a perilous thing for any man to undertake God's work, to dispense God's truth, without reliance upon God's strength. An am bassador waa also a representative. The Christian minister was nothing lesB than a representative of God. St. Paul applied the image : ' We are am bassadors of Christ, as though God did beseech you by us.' It was this relation of representative that gave power and illumination to the Christian minister. IE he spoke for God, it was because be had been face to face with God, and carried to the people the abundance of His grace, reflected on them the effulgence of His glory. And ministers should always remember that whether they willed it or not, they would be taken to be representatives of God. The Gospel would be judged by the lives of its ministers. The minister being the most prominent advoeare of Gospel doctrine, his life would form the popular standard of its merits Thirdly, an ambassador was a diplomat. An ambasEador is required to recommend his policy by his address. What was the address of a minister ? It wa3 character. He must exhibit earnestness, love of his peoplp, self-forgetfnlness, singleness of purpose. A diplomat in the political arena may resort to duplicity, to ambiguity of utterance, to over-reaching. Not so must a minister act. Ht- must show a singleness of heart ; he must not be self-seeking, but must be earnest for his people's welfare ; there must be no duplicity in his conduct; no hidden meaning in his words. Above all, he must shan self-assertion — a most insidious and fatal form of 6elf-seeking, insidious because it often cloaked itself under the form of zeal for the church. A minister should be an example of the twin graces of simplicity of character and sympathy— twin graces because each was founded on the negation of self. The new incumbent of St. James' was thus constituted an ambassador for God and the bond slave of those to whom he was to minister. . From Sim was to be expected the service of sympathy ? he should be found rejoicing with the glad and weeping with the Borrowfnl, living with the people in their lives, dying with them in their deaths ; he should be able to enter into their cares, to share their sorrows, to understand their temptations, — to find a place in his heart for all these things, for that was the servitude to which St. Paul alluded Ambassador of God and slave of men — these were the two pillars that flanked the gateway of ministerial efficiency. The laity cf the parish should then strive to reverence the office of the minister, because that office was of God, and he was therefore commended to their prayers and their care. And on their minister it was incumbent that he should remember throughout the coming years with all their hopeB and fears his tremendous responsibilities and his important powers. Hymn 253 A. and II., ' O Thou who makest souls to shine,' having been sung, the induction service was proceeded with, and was followed by Holy Communion. The collect waB that for St. Peter's Bay ; the epistle was read by tbe Eev. Coles Child and the gospel by the new incumbent. 