The Couot (who lias had a little tiff with his fiancee, the heiress) — 'But my treasure ? ' The Heiress— 'Your treasure? Your in vestment, you mean.' During the past two or three days credence has been given by the small boys of Port Ade laide and the neighborhood to a story that a ghost is abroad after nightfall within the dis trict. It is not known how the rumor origi nated, but the tale has spread with remarkable rapidity, and there is a notable absence after dark of youngsters from the principal streets where they had been accustomed to play. Messrs. Harrold Brothers, agents for the Australasian United Steam Navigation Com pany, state that in future the steamer BitIts gate will load entirely at Port Adelaide fdr Albany, Bunbury, Freinantle, and Gerald ton. This course has been decided upon owing to complaints made by Adelaide shippers that sufficient space is not reserved them in steamers that partially load in the other colonies filling up at Port Adelaide, and Messrs. Harrold Brothers look forward with confidence to obtaining the full support of shippers to justify them in the arrangements mado. The Birks gate will leave Queen's wharf, Port Adelaide, for the above ports about Wednesday, the 30th inst. From Mr. J. D. Woods, the returning officer for East, Torrens, we have received a copy of the electoral roll for the House of Assembly for that district. East Torrens is the moat populous Assembly district in the colony, and the bulky volume which Mr. Woods has been at such trouble to compile contains nearly 300 pages, on each of which there is an average of between 45 and SO names, so that some idea of the work involved in arranging them alphabetically under the ten different polling-places may be gained. Among the electors claiming to vote at Norwood there are 142 whose names begin with 'A,' 521 under the 'B' letter, 451 beginning with 'C,' 489 beginning with ? % ' and-467 beginning with ' W .' That the despised Asiatic is not entirely banished from the polling-booth is proved by the appearance on the first page of the names Ah Sing, Ah Sab, Ah Tan, and Ah Yung. The woman's vote isverystrong, ondeviden^ly there will be big figures to be deftly counted by Mr. Woods and Ids assistants next? March. The Council roll for.' East Torrens will be published very shortly. .' 