Religious. Jeans. A SERMON BY THE LATE C.H. SPURGEON. "And she shall bring forth a son. and thou shalt call his name Jesus: for He shall save His people from their sins."— Matthew 1. 21. Bernard has delightfully said that the name of Jesus Is honey In the mouth, melody In the ear, and joy in the heart. I rejoice in that expression on my own account, for it gives me my share of the delight, and leads me to hope that, while I am speaking, the sweetness of the pre cious name of Jesus may fill my own mouth. Here also is a portion for you who are listening: It Is melody In the ear. I consider somo things In reference to this transporting name. I. First, the name of Jesus Is _ name divinely ordered and expounded. Ac cording to the text, the angel brought a message from the Lord, and said, "Thou shalt call his name Jesus." It Is a name which, like him who bears it, has come down from heaven. Jesus Is the most appropriate name that our Lord could receive. Since Infinite wisdom has se lected It, we may be sure that It is a name which must be true, and must be verified by facts of no mean order. It is a name which the Holy Ghost explains, for He tells us the reason for the name of Jesus—"For He shall save His people from their sins." " Jesus, Saviour, Son of God, Bearer of the sinner's load." Thus we have a name, dear friends, which we have not even to explain for ourselves. As we did not choose It, so we are not left to expound It: God who gave the text has preached us the ser n-on* . . .. 11\. The name had been typically worn by another, but is now reserved for Him alone. There had been a Jesus before our Jesus. I allude to Joshua, and you know that in our version the name Jesus Is twice used where Joshua is really meant. The first Is Acts vli., 4, 6, where we read of the fathers who entered In with Jesus Into the possession of the Gentiles, evidently meaning Joshua ; and the second in Hebrews lv. 8. "If Jesus had given them rest." Joshua is the Hebrew form and Jesus the Greek form, but Jesus and Joshua are the same word. There was one, then, of old, who bore this famous name of Jesus, or Joshua, and was a type of our Jesus. What did Joshua do ? When Moses could not lead the people into Canaan, Joshua did It; and so our Jesus accomplishes what the law never could have done. Joshua overcame the enemies of God's people : though they were very many and very strong, and had cities walled to heaven and chariots of Iron, yet in the name of .Tehovah. as captain of the Lord's host, Joshua smote them. Even so doth our glorious Joshua smite our sins and all the powers of darkness, and utterly destroy our spiritual enemies. Before him Amalek Is smitten. Jericho falls, and Canaanites are nut to rout, while he giveth us to triumph In every place. Moreover, Joshua conquered an Inherit ance for Israel, took tbem across the Jordan, settled them In a land that flowed with milk and honey, and gave to each tribe and to each man to stand In his lot which God had ordained for bim. Precisely this is what our Jesus does, only our Inheritance Is more divine, and on each one of us It Is more surely en tailed. Joshua, the son of Nun, caused the people to serve the Lord all his days, but he could not save the nation from their sins, for after his death they griev ously went astray : our Joshua preserves to Himself a people zealous for good works, for He ever Hveth, and Is able to keep them from falling. No more doth Joshua lift sword or spear on behalf of Israel, but Jesus still rideth forth, con quering and to conouer. and all His noonlo bave victory through His blood. Well is His name called Jesus. HI. This name Jesus identifies our Lord with His people. " Thou shalt call Hli» name Jesus," for that name declares His relation to His people. It is to them that He is a Saviour. He would not be Jesus* if He had not a people : He could not be, for there could be no Saviour If there were none to be saved, and there could be no Saviour from sin if there were no sinners. "He shall save His people." It does not say God's people, for then it would have been understood as meaning only the Jews : or It would have been sup posed to refer to some good and holy persons who belonged to God, apart from the Mediator ; but "He shall save His people"—those who are His own, and personally belong to Him. These are evidently a very peculiar people, a people set apart as Christ's own treasure ; they are a people that belong to God in carnate—Emmanuel's people. These He saves. This name of Jesus is a wide far-reaching name, to sinners dear, to sinners given ; but still in the depths of its meaning it has a special bearing upon a chosen people ; It has a ring of sover eignty about it, and is all the sweeter because of this to those who see in their own salvation an exhibition of dis tinguishing grace. Now the question arises, who are his people ? We are eager to "know who they are ; and we are glad to find that his people, be they who they may, need to be saved, and shall be saved, for it is written, "He shall save his people." It is not said, " He shall reward His people for their righteousness," nor is it pro mised that He shall " save them from becoming sinners," but "He shall save His people from their sins." Do you want saving, brethren ? Has the Holy Ghost taught you that you need salva tion ? Let your hearts be encouraged. This is the character of all His people ; He never had a chosen one who could do without washing in the Saviour's blood. If you are righteous in yourself you are not one of His people. If you were never sick in soul you are none of the folk that the Great Physician has come to heal. Notice, yet again, the very gracious but startling fact that our Lord's connec tion with his people lies in the direction of their sins. This Is amazing conde scension. He Is called Saviour in con nection with His people, but It Is In re ference to their sins, because it is from their sins that they need to be saved. If they had never sinned they would never have required a Saviour, and there would have been no name of Jesus known on earth. That is a wonderful text—did you ever meditate upon it ?— " Who gave Himself for our sins accord ing to the Scriptures." As Martin Luther says. He never gave Himself for our righteousness, but He did give Him self for our sins. Go to Him as sinners, call Him " Jesus," and cry. " O Lord Jesus, be Jesus to me, for I need thy salvation." Doubt not that He will fulfil His own name and exhibit His power in you. TV. The name of " Jesus" Is one which indicates His main work. "Thou shalt call His name Jesus, for He shall save." He shall save from sin. Why do men write lives of Christ who know nothing about His main business and object. ? Why do some preach about Christ who do not know the very essence and heart of Him ? Think of knowing Milton, but not. as a poet, snd Bacon, but not as a nhllosonber ! There Is no knowing our Lord. If He be not known as a Saviour ; for He is that or nothing. Now, Jesus doth save His people from sin, first, by taking all the sins of His people upon Himself. Do you think that a strong expression ? It Is war ranted by tbe Scriptures. "The Lord hath laid on Him the lnloulty of us all." Christ's shoulders bore the guilt of Hl* n«ople. and because He took their load His neonle are free, and have henceforth wo burden of sin to weigh them down. He saves His people through His ner sonsl substitution, by standing In their stead and suffering In tbeir nlaee. There •♦» none other w«v of salvation but by •fT*- vicarious sufferings and death. Th» H<" saves them by bearing the nenaltv due to tbelr *»v. Where the *«n lies th*» penalty falls. "The chas tisement of our peace was upon Him. nnd with His stripes we are denied." " He was ma do a curse for us." " C"ri-t nlso hath suffered for us." He died. " the just for the unjust, to brln*? ns to Ond." He bore tho wrath of Ood whle> -on due to lit. Caviller* oome In and fp.splv «*tv *>*at we teaoh thnt a ma" •«« to holleve the dogm«* of atonement and ♦hon he '« sav»d. and may Hvo as ho likes. They know better : they V-ow that th«»v misrepresent us. for we always teach that this **~*e»t work of substitu tion nnd nenalty-beßrlng by Ohri"* worV«» in the nersop who nartake* in Us hep-flt-. inve to God. gratitude to Christ pr./, oonsenuent hatred of all sin ; and tbl- ohantra of heart is the very pore a»»d essence of salvation. Tb's is how Hhrlst ssves Hl* peoole from their -in—, hv rppmlntr them, hv the force of His lovp. nut of the power, tvraupt-. and dominion of sins, wbioh hitherto hod the mastery over tbem. I knew what 1* •*"•»»■ to "trlve against sin P" a moral perann -ofaVlncr to overcome I*. but I found j-nvoolf mastered hy sin. Ilk* S-m-ou -vhpn. his hair was lost, and tho phftisf ♦ *ue« bound him : bit* sinoe T bsve ho. Tt-irpf", in .Tesu* I fluo" motives for helne holv wb'ph ore moro Influential with mo tv»-r, any T Vne*"' before : T find "wtnnni with whioh to fight mv sin that T never Vnorr hor- to bn.ndl" before, and a. *•« -<vt-r*s-,o'th h-« beon *^\rPn ma of tho Holy flntrlt •* This "•» the victory thnt nvo- rso-noth fV,p worM. pfou our faith" • thin la tha power which flrlt-o- out the vlnor-i of aln from ♦*** soul—tbo urpolnn- Wood of Jesus. He ty>e** bath believed In Tosus as hi- o—miction and atonement (uynmM tbofpbv. throna**** tbo nower of ♦ho Holy Ghost, renewed In heart r h_ has fresh objects set Mm. r>a.,h motives -way him. and thus Joans eit'O— TTI- Tiin^'a frnr— ♦*./.!» «*..» •So -omnTotpT'v shall F» snvo TTI- noonle front thoir -Ins that thoy shall bo f*t to rfT-oli with an»rolsr better—the*- shall b flt to f»TfMI with Goo"* bottor than th»t. t*.»>tr cVioii ho ono t-ith Jesus, onp -with Him throughout eternity, tho fulnoas of Him that fllleth all In all. How glorious, how transcendent Is the salvation which Jehovah Jesus has brought to us ! V. This name of Jesus is one which is completely Justified by facts. It was given Him before He had done anything: while yet He was a babe, or ever His trembling feet had learned to tread the cottage floor at Nazareth, he was Jesus the Saviour. But is the name well de served? Many a child has had a grand name, and his life has contradicted It. I recollect a grave on which there is the name of a child, "Sacred to the memory of Methusaleh Coney, who died aged six months." His parents were mightily mistaken when they called him Me thusaleh. Many other names are equally Inappropriate, and are proved to be so In the course of years. But this Jesus Is a Saviour, a true Jesus. He bears a name which He well deserves. Come to the Christ and see there the many that once rioted in sin, and rolled in the mire, but they are washed, but they are sanctified, and now they rejoice In holi ness. Who purified them? Who but Jesus? He that saves His people from their sins has saved them. Go ye to dying-beds, and hear saints telling of His love, and sneaking of the heaven which is already dawning In their souls. Some of these once could sit on the ale bench, and use the swearer's oath, but Jesus has cleansed them. Climb ye up to heaven, and behold the snow-white host, glittering like the sun In spotless purity. I ask them whence came they? The reply Is that they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb. It is most true that Jesus saves His people from their sins earth knows it, hell howls at it, and heaven chants It; time has seen It, and eternity shall reveal it. There Is none like to Jesus In saving power. AH glory be to Him ! When He shall come from heaven with a shout, and all His hosts shall be with Him. when the day of the supper of the Lamb shall come, and the bride hath made herself ready, and she that Is the queen all glorious within, wearing her raiment of wrought gold, shall sit down at the table of God with her glorious husband —then shall It be seen that He has saved His church, His people, from their sins. VI. Last of all, this name ia Christ's personal name tor ever. It is a home name. It Is the name his father gave Him, it is the name His mother gave Him—Jesus, the child Jesus. We also belong to His family; for he that be lleveth in Him is his father, and mother, and sister, and brother, and that most dear and familiar name by which He was known at home is ever in our mouths. He is the Lord, and we wor ship Him; but He is Jesus, and we love Him. Jesus Is also the heart name, and is full of the music of love. They who loved Him best gave Him the name, especially His mother, who pondered everything about Him In her heart. It Is the name which moves our affections, and fires our souls. " Jesus, the very thought of Thee With sweetnees fills my breast." Let your hearts go out towards Him In tender union. Jesus Is His death name; Jesus of Nazareth, King of the Jews, was written on His cross. That is Ills resur rection name. That is His Gospel name, which we preach. It Is the name which Peter preached to the Gentiles when he said, "This is Jesus of Nazareth, by whom is preached to you the remission of sins." And this, beloved, Is His heaven name. They sing to Him there as Jesus. See how It concludes die Bible. Read the Revelation, and read its songs, and see how they worship Jesus the Lamb of God. Let us go and tell of this name; let us continually meditate upon It; let us love It hence forth and for ever. Amen. According to the New York " Tribune," any doubt that may have hitherto ex isted as to the veracity of the Biblical ac count of the passage of the Jews dryshod across the Red Sea has been set at rest by the report of Major-General Tulloch, just published in London describing an Inci dent which took place during his recent survey for the British Government of that part of Egypt through which the route of the exodus is said to have lain. It seems that on one occasion last spring there sprung up a storm of wind so intense in Its violence as not only to stop all survey work along the borders of Lake Menzah leh. but to carry within the space of a few hours the entire waters of the lake out of sight beyond the horizon, leaving all the sailing vessels resting on the sandy bed of the Inland sea. This is manifestly what occurred In the days of Moses, and what has hitherto been In the eyes of the sceptical open to doubt as a miracle must henceforth be accepted as a definitely proven natural fact. Raimu-uabivont, Late Prime Minister of • Madagascar. (1) Capture of Mev-tanana: Hovas Defending the North Battery- (2) Crossing the Marovoay Bwamp ß . (3) Cremating Hova CorpS3B After the Battle of Ambolomonty. (4) The French Hospital at Ank«lx>ka. (5) Bridge BuNding at the Majunga Swamp. (6) Embarkation of Sick and Wounded Soldiersat Marovoay. (7) Capture of Marovoay: An Engagement in the River Mabatsinjo. (8) Erecting the Telegraph Line on the Route of the French Expedition, (9) Soldier* PiUagmg a Native Home. (10) Lsnding of General Duchesne at Majunga, THE CONQUEBT OP MADAGABCAR—SCENEB OP THE WAB. RANAVALONA, QUEEN OF MADAGASCAR. VIEW IN ANTANANARIVO, THE CAPITAL Of MADAGASCAR, 