Woman's Face. CHAPTER V. Tub door was thrown open roughly, and Mr. Edwin Orosmont, stalking in with the amiable expression of an euraged bulldog, stopped short in fiuding himself in the pres ence of a stranger, and gave Armathwaite air opportunity of noting well every detail of his personal appearanco. He was a man of abont five feet nine inches in -height, eo weil-bailt and ereofc that he would have passed as handsome, in spite of ail ill-fea tured face, to which prominent grey eyes, a short nose, and protruding lips gave a can ine cast, which was rendered moro nupre poess.-sing by an expression which, on this particular occasion, was alternately morose and savage. He had blaok hair, a small dark mous tache, and a rather sallow skin ; ho wad dressed in a Niorfoif suit, and riding boots, a costume which showed off the proportions of his figure to great advantage ; while his hands, one of which still held his gloves and riding-whip, were white and well-shap ed. " Who's this ?" ho asked shortly, and in the dogged voice of a person who had. been prepared for an unwelcome encounter and meant to make himself as disagreeable as he could over it. " And where's Alma ? Aud what's this I.hear about her going out by herself at this time of the night 2 It's not proper : it's most improper, and I won't have it, and so she must understand. Where is sbo ?" Armathwaite, who was watching him steadily, making .up his mind that this was quite the most offensive brute lie had ever 8nen, saw, from a look which passod sud denly over young Mr. Crosmont's face, that tho latter had recognised him, and that tho recognition had the effect of frightening him and calming him down. Before the irate gentleman had had time to do more than to make a half-turn towards the door, Armathwaite had reached it in two long strides, and looking down with superb con tempt which his superior inches enabled him to assume with particular effect, ho said coldly : " You have forgotton to hear my name : ifcjs Francis Armathwaite. I am sorry you think my presence an intrusion. Mr. Cros mont and ML-?. Orosmont wore kind enough to take pity on a traveller and a stranger. I deeply regret that their generous hospital ity should seem to you so ill-timed, as it was oertaiuly undeserved. I will not ob trude myself on you any longer, but I beg you to receive my thanks for the kindness Bhown to me by your wife and by this gen tleman." He bowed and opened the door quickly, but started on seeiug Mrs. Orosmont, who . entered very quietly, glancing from him to her husband, as if she apprehended the sit uation. Armathwaite, eagerly on the alert to notice tho demeanour towards each other of this apparently ill-mated pair, saw that the lady fixed upon her husband a look so eloquent with dignity, pleading, and wifely submission, that it seemed a revelation of noble depths in the woman's character, and filled him, the onlooker, with admira tion and leverence. The husband, however, would not even meet her eyes, although he hastened to apologize to the stranger with a manner which, although still somewhat sullen and not particularly well-bred, show ed rather more grace and sense of propriety thau his previous demeanour had promised. " Yes, yes ; I beg your pardon. You must excuse my hastiness. lam very glad if they have been of any service to yon. People who, coma hero have to take the rough-that's mej with tho smooth-that's my wife and uncle. Pray stay and dine with me ; I shall bo hoarlily glad of your company." " Thank yon very much," said Armath waiti', speaking still rather stiffly. I dined at Mureside some time ago, and I must got . to Brankaomu to-night. If.Mts. Orosmont will allow me ? . Ho turned to the lady, and sloppod short, Her eyes, which began to fascinate' :him by eloquenco which seemed Lo him. preternat ural, looked straight into,his and - comman ded him to at ay. There was a rather, awlc war i pause, .which was broken by Uncle Hugh, whose abrupt but genial voice struok upon the ear with va certain -soothing per suasiveness, which suggested that he was in the habit'ofremaining on the alert to re solve family discords as ha saw the oppor tunity. " Oomej Dr. Armathwaite, you won't w.mt us all to »o down oa our knees to in dnco you to Btay, I'm sure. Wo Lava n reputation for hospitality to keep up, and wo should havo eaci/lo do privalo penance if wo lot yon go before morning. Come now, say yoa'ro persuaded." Ho passed liig avna through that of the young man, and aa his nephew had now re covered frjtn bifulltcmper onongb to eobo the hospitable words with a moderately go-^i grace, Arrnathwaito-allowed himself to yield without much difficulty, and without betray-, in^ his socret cagorno'is forabotter acquain tance with the interesting hpusobold. In a very few minutes it became clear to the vis itor that-his presence was a welcome relief, even to the surly host himself, who explain ed that ho had been hard at work ail day riding about the estate on his various duties, and that this life, involving as it did long waiting for his dinner-which ha ownod he considered the greatest of ills which flesh is heir to-was very trying oven to the bast of tempers. So dinner was brought in for him, while the other two plaood themselves by the fire behind the master of tho house, with each a dog for oompany. Every moment that ho sat conversing with iliis man, who seemed at this stage of the acquaintance to be a person "of strong passions, narrow mind, and conventional ideas, Armathwaito becauio more intereated in tho singular union of two human beings whoso naturos seemed on thb surface so utterly autagouiatic as those of the hus band and wife.. He glanced furiively from lime to time at the lady, ns'lio could do without fear of detociiou, for Mr. Cros mont's interest in the vianda baforo him was absorbing and sustained ; she mado an entrancing picture as she sat with almost statuesquo tranquility by tho fire, her white hand resting on the head of the retriever, her oyos cast'dowa as if in deep thought, while the flames throw a softening glow on her somewhat sot features, and made tho bead dropa on her dress glisten like fire flies. It scorned to the young Yorkshire man, who was chivalrously ready to believe her a gentle and faultless martyr to the in difforeno . of a soulless boor, that tho very curve of her fingers round Ibe dog's shaggy ears revealed a capacity for tenderness un exercised, unsought : the shape of her drooping, heavy eyolids, of her rod-lipped and not very small mouth, seemed to de note to him depths of foeling, of sor.ti.neut, of p.tssion which to tho eyes of her negligent lord and master were as visible as a jewel iu a room without light. Those musings Gllud his mind oven while his hps were busy assonting to such broad principles as that " You can't expect a man whoso days are ocoupied with numerous and harrassiug de tails of management to he able to interest himself in dry and abstruse subjects iii the evenings." . Armathwaite wondered whether these and kindred remarks wore directed at Mra. Grosmont, . the intellectual cast of whose faco sugjeHted that the " numarouo and harassing details" of domoslio manage ment would still leave her mind room for more elevated subjects. " Still, the world would be a dull place if we could uot sometimes forgot onv own immediate summudiugs and the wearisome routine of perhaps distasteful duties by the help of art and books, wouldn't - it ?" ven tur.'d Armathwaito, addressing the- hus bai d, but awave that ha was appealing to the wifo. Even as Mr. Crosmont.. who had now risen -from the table and was stretching himself, returned a characteristic answer to tho effect that " By Jove ! booka only made life duller, and ho didn't think the world would be a penny tho worse if all the writ ers and artists in it were drowned in Conis mere to- morrow," Mrs; Crosmont raised her eyes and conveyed, with one straight look, her entire, her passionate connurrouce in the stranger's views. " My wife reads a great deal, but it oer tainly doesn't make her any the livelier," continuod Mr. Crosmont, who had not seen his wife's look for the reason that, as Ar mathwaito particularly uoticed, he syste matically avoided meeting her eye3, " I consider that it's a very poor head that can't get ideas of it's own, without going to books for somebody else's. If you can read a book of travels, which is supposed to tell you facts, why how can yon answer for it that thoy are facts ? And as for novels and poetry, it is my firm belief, which nothing can alter, that it's to their pernicious influ ence we owe the deterioration in our daugh ters aud wives. As Mr. Crosmont was evidently still a year or two short of thirty, it was plain that his firm belief oonid not be founded on a lengthened experience of the decadence of womankind. " What is the uso of spending money and patience teaching a girl to paiut a picture that nobody 'ad have on their walls while there are chromos to be bought, when iu half the time she might learn how to make a very good pudding ?" he continued with a solemn arrogance which creeps over even a young man at tho conclusion of a very heavy dinner. " But then the chances are that the girl who couldn't .learn to paint a picture of more value than a chromo, would never get beyond a bad pudding," remarked Armath waito. " And Ned, I helped to make the fritters, yoa have just eaten. Do you think they would have been lighter if I had not. learned to paint ?". For the first lime a spark of good-humour came into Mr. Grosmont's prominent eyes. "?Well,"no," he admitted ; and then ad ded with. his touch of pleasantry, '" but there might have been more of them 1" .'.There was a little laugh at this, and Mr. Orosmont, humming an air as he crossed the room to his cigar-cabinet, asked his vis itor, in a'genial voice if ho wouLI smoky. Armathwaite excused himself, feeling that to puff' tobacco-smoke into the air which surrounded.that dainty lady would be:like profauing the temple of a goddess. She seemed to guess fho reason of his re fusal, and looking at him with a gracious smile,-said she did not mind smoke iu the least. Drawing a chair to ihe fire between his undo and Arniathwaite, Mr. Orosmont observed that they would not go i'.ito- ih« drawing-room; it was such a mouldy old place. If ho were superstitious he should think it was haunted.. " They do say in the village that this house is haunted," observed his- imcle. " The servants have heard so too ; then rooms are just over my head, you. know. And I hear them scurry upstairs at night in a body, like mice in the wainscot, with a little chorus of shrieks if one of them calls out ' Boh !' Not one of those silly girls would come down-stairs between the hours of ten at night and six in the'morn ing, if you were to offer her a new bonnet with the longest feather that has ever been worn in Mereside." Apparently this fact was already known to young Mr. Crosmont, for he betrayed uo surprise. '. Have you ever questioned them on the s.ibje-t then ?" asked he quietly. " Yes. Agues is the most communmca tive on that, as on any other subject, and she assured me that the corridor-it's al ways the corridor you know"-Armath waite noticed that at this point young Mr. Crosniont's hand became suddenly rigid as he was in the act of conveying his cigar to his lips-" was haunted by a lady who of course was dressed in white, and who equally of course had the blue marks ofstrangulation on her throat." His nephew laughed. "They have seen the lady, I suppose ?" " There seems to be a doubt upon that point. But Nanny is ready to swear by her coral necklace and everything else in the world she holds sacred, that she ; has heard unearthly moans and groans in. the Dolly Varden room." 4 " Don't uncle, you will make meso ner vous that I. shan't be able to sleep,". pro tested Crosmont,' in earnest'eutreaty. " Stuff and nonsense !" said her hus band roughly. " What is the use ot the education you think so much of if you. can be frightened by the silly fancies of a lot of foolish, chattering maids 1 I never yet heard of av sensible woman believing in ghosts." "Idou't believe in ghosts, Edwin," she said very humbly. " But yon know that when I get very much excited-aud it is easy to exoite mo-I fancy I see all sorts of things; iind though I know very well all the timo it is only fancy, and that they are not: really there, yofc if tbe'fanoy is very strorig, it is quite as bad as reality." She spoko dreamily and absoutly, iu a low, awe-struck voioe,. with her eyes fixod before hor, as if tho remembrance of some of her fancies of the night wore filling her with vivid horror. " Of course, if you will read trashy novels and fill-your head with imaginary crimes and mysteries just bofore you go to bod it's no woudor you can't sleop ;. I couldn't my self under the same circumstances. As for the Dolly Varden room, the draught comes in at the window, and that's tho worst yon cau say for it." "Yet you chose it. for your own room, aud gave it-- up after sleeping iu it only QUO night!" " That was because of the draught,. I toll you. Tho least superstitious person in tho world doesn't care to sleep iu a gale of wind." The lady raised hor eyebrows very slightly and looked move than .digluly incredulous. "Colonel IiiiVrtis slept tiiero. last summer, when it was BO hot we all bad to keep our windows open : but we had to ehanyo his room the next night. I forgot whnt pretext he gave, but be wouldn't sleep there again," she said. ? "Whatever pretext he gave it .wasn't ghosts," 'said hor husband shortly. " Since you have douo mo the kindness to offer me a shelter for the night, may I ask as a favour if I may sleep in that room T' asked Ariuatbwaite. "I have no super stitions on the subject of supernatural ap pearances, I am a light eleapar aud have ex traordinary quiok ears ; so that if anybody cau find out the cause of the prejudice against the room and set Mrs. Orosiuont'a fears at rest-, I ought to be that map." ''Done!" criod Mr. Crosmont; rising fo ring the.bell. "And we'll compare notes at breakfast' time as to our experiences in the room." Everybody looked at him with awakened interest; it was plain from the eagerness with whioh he welcomed bis visitor's proposal that he awaited tho result with some curi osity ; and when a neat aud pretty maid servant, who answered -he summons of the bell, showed manifest consternation at tho order to prepare tho Dolly Varden room, Arrnathwaite felt a little pleasurable excite ment at the adventure. If it were ouly a rat behind the wainscoting that ho was go ing bo discover after this exciting pi-elude of masculine curiosity and feminine terrors, it would be at least a satisfaction to sol; at rest the mind of bis beautiful and interesting hostess. While Mr. Crosmont walked away from'the fire-place to chaff the maid on her evident reluctance to fulfil bis order, his wife turned to Arrnathwaite with a sorious face. "You are very strong-minded," she said. "All doctors are, I suppose.: Do you lmow, I think if I were foroed to sleep in'that room with the door looked oa the outside, I should be found in the morning a raving lunatic ! Even the sound of a coal dropping out of the fire in the drawing-room, underneath uiy roouvmakes me start up and tremble, although I know perfectly well what it i3. You think this nonsense, of course; al though, equally of course, you are too cour teous to tell rae BO." ,: V;. V- ' " No doctor would presume to call it non sense. If it wore nonsense, so would ovc-ry symptom of every disorder be." " Disorder 1" ? - " Certainly; -It proves an entirely un healthy slate of iho nervous system; the result probably of some shock'or over-strain. Tell me, does your own doctor think you are in robust health ?" "No-o, I don't think be doos. But I don't know." Her toue changed and- she spoke with soma sadnoss. "I uover see Dr, Poele now.'' "But you are wrong. Don't you feel your self that, you are wrong ? You have not always trembled at tlio sound of a coal full ing out of the fire?" "No-o." "You probably know yourpelf how long it is since you hegtui to sufier.hke tins-forit is suffering.: . "No,' thnt is j:ist what I don't kuow, Avli'at- I cannot understand. It hns come upon rne-S'j giadaiiHy ilmt I cau't reinDuAr-r a begiuning to it, but it is since the winter came on that I have. become conscious of wlittt seemsjike a weakening of the powers of my mind.' I do' things without win Lin;,' to «tr them, without ovon bno.wiug why: I seem fo bo losing touch of tho tilings which oxist around mo, and to start back into ac tual life with a painful shock at auy call for an effort of my own will. Perhaps you un derstand now my strange conduct towards you, and the babbling loquacity with which I atn tolling all to this to a stranger." Sho scorned at that moment to call herself abruptly back in reality, and cast at him, blushing, a quick, shy glance, to see whother hn had roceivod her oonfessions with auy astonishment-. But the grave, opeu, and kindly gase of his oyes reassured her. " Does your husband Imow ?" ho asked. "Yes, he has boon very kind uud anxious about mo. You haveu't seen him at his best," sho ooutinucd hurriedly, as at that moment llio sound of his voice in the hall, sooldiug the servauts, broke upon their ears. " He is a hasty-tempered man, but ho has many good qualities. Yon must not judge ii man when yon seo him harassed with his work, as I'm sure ho is at present, though ho never complains." Armalhwaite murmured in suitable terms bis admiration for his host's oxquisito quali ties, and the lady spokeagain. " Tell m<?," she said. " You have seen other people in tho noryoua state in which I now am Armatlnvailo considered. "I cau only remember one," he said, "whose symptoms wore exactly tho same as you describe yours to bo. It was a vary singular case, but the causo had nothing in common with yours." "What was the cause ?" " A. professor, as ho called himsolf, of spiritualism, or spiritism, an impudont char latan enough, but with some undoubted powers which I cousider purely phyBioal, had employed as what they call a medium, a young girl of extremely sensitivo and ner vous temperament, who, after having as sisted him at those seances for some mouths, became so utterly unhinged in mind and body that sho was obliged to put herself under medical advice. Her symptoms wers very much like yours.' But it certainly can not he memr.flri.sm which : foh'e interrupted him with a quick move ment of her head as her husband was heard sipproaching the room again, " Not a word of mefmoritiin beforo him " she begnu. .But-it was too late, Mr. Crosmonfc en tered, with a frown on his face, and inaroh ingnp-to the hearth-rug, lookod from his wife to hi* guost aud buck again with evi dent displeasure. With the same strange and ultiactive mixture of dignity and eub mis.-i ill which Armathwaite had noticed in her before, she rose and held oat her hand to hi'Ji, bade him good night, kissed her undo, i-.ikI lalcing the caudle Inn' husband gave her, glided out of the room, looking to Armatlnvaite's eyes, which weroa little daz zled by her strange beauty and her unex pected confidences, like a golden-crowned quceu of tho uight,. fl') seemed io see tho duvk-blue gliaaeuing firosp,- tho wiiiio neck bent, and the soft, shining coils of hair, long after tho lady had loft ill'- room, and the husband had assailed his tar "with confidences which, in their turn, ho found unexpectedly interesting.. TO BE CONTINUED. Dir.non's Conqueror nnvor alcet'a in quality. Smokers know this. If Itooy uro tempted off it, they come back h;;IUII. Why?-ai. 