THE NOVELIST: Sworn, to Avenge ? _^4 ? By- a New Author. CHAPTEE XXXI. ' Cause the more why you shall be ^aPPy there. My own love, when I 'took this bruised heart into my hand to heal it of all its -pounds, I swore to draw the string from every puncture made by the venomous fang of adverse fate in my darling's life— and bo I shall please heaven. And here, 'where the ehtdoR-s lay the darkest, shall you find that a great, pure love can Rhed a glory that ?will efface the very memory of any Badness. My triumph would be but half complete if I could not with my love's sunshine scare all the ghosts from out those sorrow-haunted chambers.' ' You are always right,' saidKathe rine, tenderly and proudly, as she lifcted up her face to meet the warm stnilo of her lover's lips. ' But you have for gotten to name another and the best reason why we shall live at Ashbburne.' ' And what is that, swfiet oracle ?' ' Why, to teach the county aristo crats that a stranger, and an alien, may decorate, and not profane, the proud old halls of its arch aristocracy.' Philip Lester smiled half contemp tuously aB he replied, stroking the dark waves of Katharine's liair-^ ' 'Why, my little Katherine, there are more qu'arterings on my ancestral shield than any Iredale of them all ever dream ed of. But for methedsad past may bury its dead and welcome. Honour and virtue confer the only true nobility, and the rustedblazonry of heraldic signs , but mock the crumpling ruins of a houso dilapidated and a manhood sunken and degenerate. Vain pride of birth and blood, without the vital Etrength of pure ambition and of valiant deeds, is quite as sad a spectacle es the grand old monarch of the forest, gapped and rotten to its core, leafless and dead, and nowhere verdant save where the weedy poisonouB parasito clings round its naked branches. All that Philip Lester needs or wants of Ash bourne, or of the world, i3 here, close clasped upon his heard.' Softly the velvet dusk of twilight stole upon the happy lovers .while they talked together of the summer-time of joy fast budding into bloom for them. Palely the holy stars throbbed like radiant gems upon the wide breast of the cloudless sky, and the sacred hush of passionate content that only pure love can know spelled the rapt souIb that caught in every passing breeze an echo from eternal paradise of immortal love. Ere the May moon waaed, as Dr. Lester had threatened, Katherine's doom was fixed. One bright morning a dainty pearl gray figure, leaning on the doctor's arm, stood up before the Burpliced preacher in the little church of Ash bourne, so near to the hallowed spot ?where Katherine first learned the secret of her heart, and sweetly mur mured happy vows that made Philip Lester her fate for ever ; and then they sailed away towards the sunrise to pass the summer on the ' everlasting hills' of Switzerland and Italy — nor returned till just in time to lightjthe yule- fires in the vast chimney caverns of Ashbourne Castle. The world of Westeombe mightily strained its arms to gather to its elite circles the proud master of the ancient castle, biit somehow the doctor never seemed to appreciate to the full its noble condescension. Always gentle, always kind, he remained always cold and reserved, save to those whose lov ing lord he was, and ^Catherine wonder ed many a day where all the goblins of the dim, warm chambers had vanished to. To Mr. and Mrs. Gordon, and 'the children,' Ashbourne was the El Dorado —golden in all senses. There was a new postmaster, too, in the room of poor Eeuben Grimsby, who, shortly after the trial, had moved away from Westcombe, and gone no man knew whither, and none cared. The widow Howe had sold Prim i'arm, and taken her daughter's children with her to join some relatives in another county, »:and soon the bright waves of happier years closed over the daxk story of -the Iredale tragedy, and even the very name of that arrogant race ?eemed to have passed away, when th« memory of him whom Katherine had ' Sworn to Avenge' had taken its'place among the shadows where all vain and useless things areiiost. In the vast economy of Providence it la and must be ever true that ' only the good survives.' THBEXD. 