A Wonderful Woman. f).:. CHAPTER XXVI. , fHE SCAR ON TIIE TEMPLE. Yes, Dorcas remembered perfectly well -remembered as though it were but yes- !;rday. She had come to the cottage kite iii the evening — a cold, dark winter evening it was — to see the sick young man, Mr. Dantree. Mr. Otis himself haid let hei in. The next thing she heard, half an hour lAter, was Mrs. Otis scream — arid rushed im Miss Dangerfield was lying then on the sofa, white and still, and Dr. Graves said she was dead. 'You saw her dead?' ' Yes, poor dear, and a beautiful corpse she niade — calm, and white, and peace ful, and looking more as though she'were asleep than dead.' 'IIovv long was she kept here before she was buried?' the soldier asked. ' Only three days, sir, 'and she looked lovely to the last. I remember her well, lying in her coffin, with flowers all round her like marble or waxwork, and missis a-crying over her, and master with a face like white s'one. 'Humph! Captain O'Dornell said, knitting his brows. Katherine Dangerfield had died, then, and Miss Herncastle had nothing what ever to do with her, in spite of all the as tounding coincidences. 'One question more, my good woman. How long after the funeral was it that Mr. Otis left this place for London ?' 'About") a month, sir — yes, just a month I I think they would have gone sooner, but for the unexpected arrival of his cousin, the sick young lady from Essex.' ..Captain O'Donnell had risen to go. At these last words he suddenly sat down again. ,' The sick young lady from Essex Ah, I think, this may be what I want to hear I When did you say the sick young lady came ?' : '' On the very identical night of the funeral, sir, and most unexpected.' I had gone to bed, and missis, she came to my room next morning before I was up all white :and in a tremble, and says to me, ' Dorcas, get up at once and heat water for a bath and then she sat down in a chair, looking fit to drop, I asked her if any ' one was ill, and she said yes,. a young lady who had come in the nightj a niece of hers from Essex, and who was going to stop with them a few days. She begged me to keep it a secret. The young lady was weak like in her intellect, and they would be obliged to confine her to her room. I promised not to speak of it, for missis she looked trembling anJ frightened to death almost. And so she was all the time the strange young lady was i n the house.' ' How lone was tbat ?' 1 Not quite a fortnight, sir ; and a sight rf bother she made— all her meals took up to her room, und missis a-trotting up and down all day long a-waiting upon her herself.' 'What was she like — this young lady ?' ' That I couldn't tell, sir. I never laid eyes on her, leastwise except on:e. Master and missis they kept waiting on her all day long, and missis she slept with her in the same room all night.' ' But you saw her once ?' ' Yes, sir, but I didn't see her face. She never stirred out all day long, and at night I used to hear sounds ot footsteps and doors softly opening and shutting. One night J watched, and I heard the house door'shut softly, and diieetly after I spies master walking in the back garden with a lady on his arm. It was a cloudy sort of night, and I couldn't see her very plainly— I couldn't see her face at r 11. She was tall, and dressed in dark clothes, and — but this was only a notion of mine — if Miss Dangerfield hadn't been dead and buried I should have said the height and the figure were like hers.' The blood rose dark and red over the sun-browned face of the African soldier. For an instant his breath seemed fairly taken away. ' Well ?' lie said, in a tense sort of whis per. : ! 'Well, sir,' she continued,' the very next night after that the sick young lady ran away. I don't know whether they had been keeping her against her will or not, but in the doad of the night she ran away,: Miss Otis never came back, and a fortnight after master and mistress went up to London themselves for good, taking : the sick gentleman with them. That's all.- sir.' It ,ws .quite enough. Captain O'Don nell irpsft 'again.; his grave face had re sumed its habitual calmness ; he had heard all he wanted — more than he ex- pecfd.:. ,iHe pressed half a sovereign into Dorcas's willing palm, bade Mrs. Wilson good 'morning, and depaited. As the result of that interview Captain O'Donnell paid a brief visit to London, being absent from Castleford but a couple of days. On his return he was accom panied by a somewhat odd-looking individual, who was known by the name of Joggins. At the railway station, how ever, the chasseur parted from the stran ger and. went to his hotel, the Silver Rose. That same night was a memorable one. At eleven the inn was closed up for the night ; there were but few guests, and these few kept primitive hours. At a quarter-past eleven not a light was to be seen. O'Donnell sat at his window, look ing out at the dim starlight, smoking and waiting. At half- past eleven he saw his servant LaMky stride across the inn-yard and disappea'r in the shadow of the lar ches. Almost immediately the captain made his way softly out of the room, down the stairs, and through the door which his servant previously had noise lessly n' o'ted. Nut a c c't'ire was to bu . . .. . . . town seemed to be still and dark as O'Donnell walked swiftly towards the churchyard. Lanty, the servant, was already wait ing not far from the inn, upright as a ramrod, silent as a tomb, and giving his companion, who was nqne other ftha'n the man Joggins, a wide berth. The latter, with a sack over his shoulders, contain ing spade and pick and instruments for opening coffins, spoke as the captain drew near.' ' I-Icre .ve are, sir — up to time, and not a minute to be lost. Lead the way, and we Toilers, and gets to business (at once.' Keeping ail in the shade of hedges arid wayside trees, with an uncomfortable feel ing. in spite of his consciousness of duty thit this night's work was an underhand' thing, the chasseur' led the way. One belated pedestrian, one doctor's gig, they met — no more — and the trees screened then even from them. They walked so rapidly that they were in the churchyard before the Castleford steeples tolled twelve. Redmond O'Donnell strode steadfastly along between the rows of graves, the lonely path", until, under its solitary tree he 'paused at Katherine Dangerfield's tomb. His lips were set, his eyes stern — for good or ill, he would know the truth soon. ' This is the grave,' he said, curtly, 'Go to work , I'll keep watch.' The resurrectionist — for that was his awful trade — opened his bag, produced his shovels, gave one into the reluctant hands of Lant/, and sdt to work with professional rapidity and dexterity. The two men worked with a will until the perspiration stood in great beads on their faces. O'Donnell had brought a brandy flask and gave them copious libations. No sound but the subdued noise of the shov elling clay — nothing living or dead to be seen. O'Donnell worked with them — there was no need of watching — and at last, far below, in the faint light of the stars, the coffin lay revealed. The men lay on their spades, wiped their faces, and drew a long breath. Then the resurrectionist and Lanty raised the coffin between them — the damp clay clinging to it making it weighty — and placed it at Repmond O'Donnell's feet. At last he drew one long, hard, tense breath, his eyes gleamed. ' Open in,' he said, in a composed sort of voice, and Mr. Ijoggins produced his ' screwdriver, and set to work once moie. | The screws, one by one, were removed : the last lay in the pajm ot Joggins's hand I — nothing remained but to lift the lid and see either the mouldering remains of Katherine Dangerfield or He made a sign. Joggins raised it, all three bent forward to look. There was a simultaneous exclamation from all as they bent agian to reassure themselves. The late rismg moon which had been struggling through the mists of coming morning, shone suddenly for a moment full upon the ghastly object before them, and lit it brightly up. They saw what Redmond O'Donnell had exp.cted to see — an empty coffin 1 All doubts now, so far as O'Donnell was concerned, were at an end-the Kathe rine Dangerfield of the past and the Helen Herncastle of the present were one and the same. He knew as well as he ever knew after, the whole truth — the whole strange Istory. It h id not been death, that trance Iwhich had held her, but one of those mystic torpox-s, so closely l-esembling its twin sister, death, as to deceive Di\ Graves. But thejeyes of love are not easily blinded ; Henry Otis had guessed from the first, no doubt, what it Was. Why he had not spoken — wh, he had let the matter go so far as to permit her to be buried, rather staggered the chass eur. Was it that by saving her from the horrible fate of being buried alive, he wished to forge a claim upon her grat itude and love ? If so, |he had certainly failed, or by this time she would have been his wife. And that same night — aided, no doubt — he 1 ad reopened the grave and taken the still inanimate foi'm from its dreadful resting place. Then had come her flight — her exile to America — her theatrical success. Her object in this had probably been to make monej to cxi-ry out her plans, and she had made it. She had returned — had worked her way into the family of Sir Peter Dangerfield — and for the past S'x weeks played her role of nursery govei'- ness. But whei'e was her revenge ? What had she jaineJ ? —what had she accom plished beyond fplaying the ghost and frightening the little baronet nearly out of his senses ? CHAPTER XXVII. THE LAST LINK. Miss Herncastle meanwhile had quar relled with Lady Dangerfield, and on the evening |of O'Donnell's discovery had departed from Scarswood, 'in a fit of temper,' so my lady said. A week later the late parliamentary train, rushing into the Castleford station some time after nine in the evening, brought among its passengers a little woman, dressed in black silk, wearing a Paisley shawl and a close black veil. The black silk was shabby, the Paisley shawl boie marks of age and wear, the little straw bonnet was last season's shape and two words accurately describe tlie little woman tripping along the station — shabby-genteel. She entered the ladies' waiting l-oorn her veil still over her face, leaving no feature discernible save the hard, bright glitter ol the black eyes. She- glanced round with a half eagei", half frightened air, but no creature was visible save her self. She stood in the middle of the room irresolute, went forwards, rame back, stood still again undecided. She drew from the bosom of her dress a letter and looked at her envelope and supci'scription. It was post marked Castleford, and addi'essed, ' Madame Har riet Vavasoi", ' Rue de -Paris ' in a large biasculine hand. : Yes, the late traveller waslnone ofhbr than tlie readei''s old acquaintance. VTrs. Vavasor — — not the prosperous Mrs. Vavasor of six years back, however, for poverty had overtaken her. Expensive living in Paris and the gaming tables at Baden Baden had swallowed up her ill gotten twenty thousand pounds, and she had been almost penniless. She opened the letter,' and read for' the hundredth time its contents ; ' Harriet, — I am in' England, once more — in Castleford — on a visit to lord Ruys- 1 land. My wife is dead out in Quebec. Aftei' infinite trouble I hrive discovered your address. Harriet, I know all — the miserable story of my dead sister's plot ting that separated us five-and-twenty years ago. If the memory of that time has not wholly died — if you are free, as 1 am — come, to Castlefoi-d and meet me. I enclose a billet de banque in case you should need it. Do not ask for me — let no one suspect or frustrate us this time. We will meet in secret. On the night of the 2nd of August, at ten o'clock I will be in waiting at the house known as Bracken Hollcw. You know it, beyond doubt. When we meet I will explain everything — the cause of this secrecy, why I have selected that particular spot, how I discovered your identity with the Mrs. Vavasor who six years ago visited Sir John Dangerfield. Only come. 1 long for you as ardently as I did five-and- twenty years ago. You would not have failed me then — do not fail now. ' Lionel Cardonnell.' She read this singular epistle over word for word, then folded and replaced it in her dres. The station clock struck sharply the quarter-past-nine. It aroused her. There was no time to spare. She walked reso lutely out of the waiting-room. A fly stood near ; she beckoned to the driver to approach. ' You know Bracken Hollow ? I want to go there. 1 will pay you now; ho v much ?' The flyman named his price. She counted it into his palm, and took her seat. In a moment they were rattling through Castleford High-street on their way. She looked about her. How fami liar it all was — the shops she knew so well, the Silver Rose, where she had stof ped, the cottage of Henry Otis, and (she shud dered as she looked at it) the lonely churchyard, with its lonely grave. Poor Katherine Dangerfield ! And Gaston Dantree — what had become of him ? They left the town behind, and took the quiet lane leading to Bracken Hollow. The night was close, dark, moonless, star less ; the trees loomed up black on every hand ; no living thing was to be seen. She shivered in the still warmth of the night, and wrapped her shawl closer around her until the driver suddenly stopped. ' This is Bracken Hollow,' he said. He helped her to descend, then re mounted, turned his horse, and went jolting back towards the town, Bracken Hilow ! Why, she murmur ed — why, of tPI the lonesome places on earth, had he chosen this? She reached the gate and opened it. The house loomed up, dark and silent amid its funeral trees. The door flung wide at thejknock. Al most before she could, idealize it she was in the house, and led into a lighted room ; the door was closed behind her, locked, and barred. An old woman stood before hei. At her she did not look. Trexibling from head to foot, she turned to a man who. was standing beside hex. His coat collar was turned up, his |slouched hat palled down ; but hidden as his face was, fshe knew in an instant it was not the man she had come to meet. "Who is it ?' she said, in a sort of whis- por, her black eyes gleaming fearfully through her veil. He turned down his collar, took cfi his hat, and showed the pale, set face of — Henry Otis 'You recognize me, Mrs. Vavasor ? Yet, f see you do. It is many years since we met, but your memory is good, I know of old. Will you not out up your veil and let us knov you ? Fux-ther disguise is. un necessary.' She obeyed hi.n. Shejflung back the veil, and showed a face, aged, sallow, pal lid' with fear — all trace of beauty gone — nothing of it remaining but the wild black eyes. ' Mr. Otis,' she gasped, ' why have you done this ?' ' To make you tell the truth at last,' he answered. ' There is but one way of deal ing with such women as you — and that is the dark way of deceit. Yes, I wrote you that letter signed Lionel Cardonnell. > I knew that 'poetic idyl of your youth, 'you see , and it has succeeded better even than I hoped. You have no idea what a task it was to hunt you up, and then hit on a scheme to fetch you here ; but I have don both. If you had not come to me, should have gone to you. Take a seat — you look fatigued.' She sank into the seat, her eyes fixed fearfully upon him, lxer very lips trembl ing. Years and dissipation had told upon Mrs. Vavasor's strong nerves. ' Why have you brought me to this place ?' she asked. ' About the children ycu changed as nurse years ago. The time lias come for the truth to be made known. You gave your daughter to the Earl of Rj/sland.and you kept his. How will you answer to heaven and man for that ?' 'What do you know?' she asked sul lenly. ( To be continued ) i 