SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHIOH GIRL DID HE MARRY * Br SKIFF BOBLASC, Author of " For True Love's Sake," "Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death," " An Ocean Secret," "Recalled to Life." "Riohes to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron?" " The Police Minister," 4.0, CHAPTER XXIII. SIB HABST HOWAKTH CBOSS-KNAMISBS HIB FATH.BB-IN-LAW. All thii while Mr. Radcliffe and Sir Harry Howarth were not having a particularly happy time of it in the baronet's grand but gloomy library. You were so excited when you ealled here yesterday morning that I studiously avoided every subject that could possibly add thereto, and, as you ar6 well aware, and for what reason, did not even turn up to bid you good day when you quitted the Hall," the baronet commenced by observing. *'^ow, however, that you seem to be is a condition to talk and to behave rationally, whioh I particularly request that you will do, both now and henceforth, I will venture to ask you a few things and also to tell you a few." Mr. Radoliffe was jupst amiable and complaisant, as most men are when on the point of borrowing largely, especially when, as in old J ohn's C66e, they have no intention of ever repaying the loan. "In the first place, bow did your daughter really get that burn upon her right arm?" began Sir Harry. " Burn ? I never knew that she had one." " What, neither of your daughter*?" "No, neither." " It's very odd. She tells me that her sister did it. If 'twas so che must be a—well, per* feot de vil!" "Odds booking, Sir Harry, she's a saint in pettiooats, and as good and amiable as a girl oould be." " Whioh " Why, Rose." "Can't you/see that I must be referring to Ruth "Oh, ah!—yes, to be sure." " Rose is my wife, isn't she?" "Why, of course." " And so you must mean that Ruth's the saint, etcetera?" » Well, I mean comparatively speaking. Ruth has her faults, I'm not going to deny that." " So you thiuk that she may have astanlted her sister with a red-hot poker, although so near akin to a saint ?" " God bless me, no!—that's to say I"'d wager anything not. Odds bodkins, I never heard of suoh a thing 1" "Oh, then I'll warrant that you'd think it still more improbable that a common footpad and thief should know about this brand, and feel so keen a desire to see it that be stopped my carriage and forced me to cut up my wife's right sleeve to tbe very shoulder by the very powerful persuasion of a pistol levelled at my head'!"' "The d he did? This beats cockfighting. What did Ru—Rose say about the insUor?" " She refused to give the slightest explanation of tbe mystery, or of another that occurred la'.ar on." " What on earth was that ?" " Why, I took her up on the leads to show her the moonlight landscape from the roof of Cbgg Hall, which is incomparably lovely. However, instead of seeing the view she beheld what I did not, namely a ghost, but to make UD 'or it I beard a voioe exclaim, and very olearlv, within a few yards of me, ' Ruth, where is Rose, thy sister?' Strange, wasn't it, both the words and tbe place, eh?" "Excessively. But didn't you attempt to disoovar who uttered them?" demanded Mr. Radoliffe quaverinsly. " My wife clung to me, and told me that if I quieted her aide for a single moment her fear* would force her to precipitate herself over the parapet, when of aourae she'd have been killed. I therefore oould not attempt a discovery, but I secured the trap door in -the roof behind us as we desoended from the leads, aye secured it underneath, and as it formed tbe sole means of aooess to the house top I made sure of catching my gentleman there the next morning." " And did youi"' "Nothing of the kind ; the trap door was as I had left it, but no one was on the roof. I searched it most carefully, aye, even round and rouud the obimney staoks, and I peered also down them." "Then some jaokdaw or escaped parrot must have spoken the words that yon heard, Sir Harry." " No jackdoor or parrot would have uttered suoh remarkable words. They were very remarkable. " "They were. But it doesn't seam to me that any human being conld have spoken tham. Does it to you?" " At first blush, no. But on going down into the garden and looking at the walls my eyes followed the upward direction of a certain spout, and here and there, for its entire course to the roof, bits of plaster seemed to have been very reoently knocked off, as though by the toes of a remarkably human individual's boots. An active fellow could easily have ascended that spout to the roof, even such a one as stopped my carriage and obliged me to bare my wife's shoulder for his inspection by the persuasion of a loaded pistol." "^.nd what did your wife think about it ?" She seemed very terrified, bnt expressed no opinion." "Perhapsshe oouldn't form one, and I'm sure I can't. I say, Howarth, as a personal favour don't say a word about this to Mrs. Radoliffe, for she is, as you must be aware, highly nervous, and it would do her a lot of barm." " It's doing me a lot of harm, I fear, for I've an awkward triok of walking in my sleep when seriously upset, and though I don't believe that I've done it for a long while, the chance of the habit recurring causes me great uneasiness. It might alarm my wife, too. for I believe tbbc folks look ghastly when wandering about asleep with their eyes open. Good God, chej aren't responsible for their aotions, either, nor can they control them. I wish, Radcliffe, that you oould persuade your daughter to place more oonfidenoe in me, and toSiave fewer secrets from me. We should be making a far better beginning of married life if you would only give, and she take suoh advice, that I am very sure of. Will you do your part ?" " Yes, another day. I will ride over specially, and have a good long talk with her. Meanwhile " " Ah, meanwhile the thousand pounds, of course. More important matters drove it quite out of my head." But there could be nothing more important to Mr. Radoliffe, whose next desire to that of pooketing the money was for Mrs. Radcliffe to rejoin them, and so put a complete end to a most unpleasant subject of conversation. The baronet, however, to his intense relief did not revert thereto, for he seemingly put faith in his father-in-law's promise, and thought that nothing more need bo said or done until the interview between parent and child had taken place. Then presently Mrs. Radciiffe and her daughter did find their way to the library, and a quarter of an hour later "Old John and his wife had left Olegg Hall, and were ambling cn their great gaunt roadster in the direction of Rochdale. They had much to communicate to each, other on the journey, and Mr. Radcliffe commenced by saying " We shall have to play a cautiouB game, Mrs. R., for the baronet'speaoe of mind's sake as well as our child's, for I'm thinking of him as much as I am.of her. He's in a very delicate state of health, I fancy; in fact, he admits something of the kind himself, and I .would fain save him from every unpleasant shock and other disageeable that I possibly can. I consider that it's my duty to act BO by him, and that I'm only trying to do unto him as I would that he should do unto me if our positions were reversed. In short, it's a speoies of pious fraud that we are practising, Mrs. R., aud a goad end will more than justify a somewhat—somewhat—well, roundabout meaus ; for, you Bee, if he were to find the entire swindle—I mean mistake—out, he might die or go mad before he had properly provided for Ru our daughter—'I should say." " His daughter—poor dear—went ont of her mind before our dear child arrived there, as perhaps eh«t told you ; but I don't think she did, beoauBe I don't believe that she had then made the discovery that her husbaud walks and talks in his sleep, and both eays and does the most rem*rkabl« thing'." She then went on to tell her husband all about the baronet's wanderings in the North Wing, and of che look of faded goiden hair incident ; when, after giving vent to numerous exclamations of astonishment. Ije, in his turn, related che story of the mysterious voice on Clegg Hail leads, and bow it had said " Ruth, where ie Rose thy sister," with the full account of how the baronet had searched for the speaker, and with what result. " How very dreadful, and how very dangerous, and who or -vhat could it possibly havo been ?" exolaimed Mrs. Radcliffe. " Well, you are a tool not to be able to guess. 1 did at once. Why, it was that scoundrel Saloamua, to be sure, and he's playing wish the bare one day and running with the hounds the next in the hope of being able to draw raont-y all round. J'm glad I've discovered his littie game though, egad, that I am, Mrs. R." "But, arsi of all, howooold Halcamut hav e got co the top of that high house, aud seoondly, how down again?" " Just as easy as up and down stairs. Why didn't I tell you-that instead of having being an ofiioer in the army, as be humbugged poor ~Rnth into believing, he had been a circus rider and acrobat? Suoh a fellow would have swarmed up and down the spout that Sir Harry made mention of in u brace of shakes, aye, a deal easier than I'd be able to go up and down a ladder, and doubtless he didn't begin the accent until the moonlight -showed him Ruth and the baronet upon the leads. Onoa there, there were a cuore of ohimney stacks to play at hide-and- seek behind. If' I don't do some thin ir to prevent it, he'll be appearing to Ruth in all kinds of plaoes, and terrifying ' her into robbirg her husband in order to urchase bis silenoe and his departure, aye, . P '11 be bound he will." " And Ruth will do anything short of committing a crime to effeet those two things. What woman so placed would not? " I'll prevent it. Fll bind bim down with bonds stronger thou fetter* of iron before Til hand him over a thousand pounds." They went on talking about this and kin. dred matters until Rochdale was reached, - when it was no longer safe to do 10 lect they should be overheard. On gaining the bridge Mr. Radoliffe asked the day watohman if tha inquest was over, and if so how the verdiot had gone, but the man replied that the inquest would not -be held until the morrow as the Coroner was ont of town, and he ended up by saying'— " If I was you, sir, I wouldn't ffo ostof . door muoh till it 'twas over, for folks sometimes take funny notions into their heads, and above all I'd stay indoors to-night, for:iti Mischief Night, as perhaps you may have forgotten ; but, anyhow, it's worth remember* ing." 