ON REMAND. SAMPLING THE "SOLITARY." Bv A Hekald Detective, "Now I want you lo do a fortnight or coin the Mclboumo Gaol, and, if pos sible, got a bit ot "solitary" thrown in, bo that you cah gauge for yourselt whether the pictures drawn ol the horrors of the syhtom have been painted . too black. Ju-t relate y jar o n experiences sxaotly as thoy occur." I Aa the mandates of the mtnagor of T nr. Herald are aa imperative and im mutable as the laws of the Modes and Persians, I complacently accepted the 1 situation, and affected to feol flattered at boing solected for the mission. But the manager proposes and tho governor disposes. 1 didu't got much solitary, and I wasn't sorry. However, as I ohtained considsmblo colouial gaol exporioncc, and had sevoral extremoly edifying interviews with gentlemen whose vicissitudes included various slices of solitary, my, embassy was, porhaps. not altogether unprofitable. Iiemiindnd for a week, my experiences of noiiinry confinement commenced by my boing afforded ample opportunity for meditation by being secluded for four aud twenty hours in tho watchhou»o awaiting bail (which delay, as I may rolato here after, was owing to a combination of mis chance delay. ). Those four and twenty hours passed rather moro slowly than four and twonty centuries, and just whoti I was reckoning that I must bo well into Anno Domini 4205, tho cell door was flung open, and a youngster of about thirtoon was ushered in. " Hulloa. sonny, vou aro beginning early," I remarked. "Whob bavo you been up to?" " Housebreaking." ho rejoined, munch ing one of tny sandwiches, " but I have boen ' in ' before. 1 am going to tlie Industrial schools this timo. Have you got a bit of 'bocca on you 1" I hadn't, but the deficiency was soon supplied as we rocoivod another visitor, who, despite the vigilance of his custo dians, had managed to possess klmiolf of a packet of cigarottos, " I am ofraid I can't smuggle them into tho Melbourne Gaol," he explained, " so I'll whack them with you ; hore's throe apieco. " But 1 was in no smoking mood (even had it been allowed), and tho boy benefited thereby. Presently tha con voyanco, yalept Block Maria, rolled around, aud our party, re inforced by a German gentleman, irre proachably "got up, and another individual who had beon having a dtscursion wish a policotnan and a pair of handeuffs, and whose face bad boen badly mutilated during the proceedings, entered our vehicle. Oa arrival at Captain Burrowes' establish ment we w oro measured (as the prisonsr- clerk facotiously explained, " to seo if wo had grown sinco wo woro last thero"), aud thon conducted to tbo baths. Horo my first oxporienco ol tbo horrors of "asso ciation in gaol ooauftd. We wore ordored to strip, and ono of the batch — an old man of tho romandod-for- modical inspection- typo — displayed considornblo trepidation at tho prospect of having to perform his ablutions. He was liberally one living, soothing mass of swarming vermin. Tbo bath wardsmen, wIiobo duty it was to baud over to tha inspecting wardsman o&oh; garmont as it was taken off, recoilod in horror. Tho wardor ejaculated, " Good God, this is tho wont I have over seen i" Wo hastily shifted our littlo heaps of olotlioa as far awav from oach other as procticablo, and the old man was sum marily oscortod away I presume to ho fumigated. After our clothing had been searched, and our " proporty" (tempo rarily) confiscated, tho Gorman and I wero drafted off towards the colls. On tbo way one of tho wardors recog nising mo enquired, " What's your trouble ? " My Teutonic friend, catching this rathor indistinctly, interpreted it as meaning " I will make you comfortable." and from that time eut I was unable to shake him off. "Ho eay ho will make you cotnfublo. 'AH9 right 1 follow you whorever you go," and he did. If, per- chanco, another prisoner got next mo (we woro marching in Indian file) tho geufele- man from Hamburg immediately ousted him from his position and glided quintly just bohind mo. "Two of yez go into that cell " ordored tho wardor, and ay Gorman friond hurried to make ono of the two, foltowiug mo into our domicilo. The apartmont had already three human tonants, and the effluvia as tho door closed on us was sumotliing to bo remembered for a life timo. " Mein Gott I Thub man nay he make you ' comfable !' _ Bab 1 Is this what you call comfahlo in this country 1 Why, this t'laco Kmolls werso than a shipload of soar Fraukfurts." Then commencod a ntght of horrors. On a Saturday afternoon mustor tikes place seme hours earlier than usual, and the majority of tho remand priaouors go to bed — i.e., lie down on tho boards — abouo four o'clook. Thero were five of us in one cell, and there was just room enough for us to lie down in two rows — tliroo ono side , and two, mysolf aud tho Gorman (who still stuck to mo undor extremely dis piriting circumstances) on the other. Of course slosp was out of tho question, tho blankets (of whioh wo woro each al- lowod four) hud all been freshly lumi- gated that forenoon and smolt terribly of Hulpbur. The stonoh in fact wsb suffoca ting, but tho original intn&tos; of the cell informed us that wo would " soon get used to it," whiah won reassuring. Thie Saturday night, as most of my readors may recollect, was terribly op pressive, eveu undor tho most favorable circumstances ; in our oell it was posi tively unonilurablo. I noticed that thrso of our party lay stark naked iu .their blanket", so I peeled off aud my Teutonic pal followod suit. Wo yawned end growlod and muttered aud moaned until it erow dark, and then a strange thing happened. I had novor soon spooks before, and hnd never been desperately desirous of making their acquaintance, but here, witbin throe feat of me was slowly rising ?rom the ground a groyiih blue luminous sort of spook, who, whon lie stood oreot, appeared ;o bo fully six foot htoh. There was no doubt abunt it. Not ouly could I soo him, hub I could emoll him ; a kind of phoflplioroscont damp mutch siuoll. Partially p&ralysod;, I remembered having resd that when suddenly doprivod of their liquor goiitloojcn who aro not tee totallers sumotimes go mad. I am not a teetotaller, und I had not had a brandy and soda for about a day and a half. Theroforo I raasonou 1 must be going mod. The Gorman was amiarently arriv ing ' at tho saute conclusion, for be also saw the apparition, and was yelling frantically and praying in German. Thi had a soothing iniluonco on mo. so I touched the snook and fuund that my fingers bocanie luminous, and in. this fact I found tho explanation of the phenomoiion, . Our bodios woro so moist with per- spiratiou that we hod saturated the bed clothes, whioh, boing already soaked in sulphur, emitted a vapor which communi cated itself to our bodies, and as eithor of us roso te sirotuh our limbs, ha presented the appoaraaoe of a Bhado.wv phqspboroscsnt ghost. I endeavored to oxplaiu tho illusion to tho Gorman ; but ho on'y expostulated pluinlivoly, "You'ro friond soy ho mako you comfable. Hoigh ho I" So far I havo not tnuchod on the solitary system ; but us that and other occasions 1 had long interviews with some of tho eld timors who' had ' gono through tho mill" I purpose in futuro articles rotating their oxponencoa, which, in tho words,of ono of them, .tend to show, that "tho association of five prisoners, even in n foul coll, swarming with vermin, is Heavon compared with solitary incarceration." (To bt oontlnued.) 