JOCKEY JACK.- ' Hair did I became a jockey? No'rlddl.i pleusr. Gire m. Bometli Ing, easy . Ask m. tiott I oould have been anything clso but » jockey anil I will answer you. I w.s not quite born.on a liorao, but very neer it. I am ' horeey to' the bone ; .tiier one . jookey himself, tud now . bookmaker; mother previously . ciraus riil.r, then an notres, and now a bookmaker', wife and a jockey', mother. I'm almo.t . Centra, or something liltD that — I mean . word wb'cr. the man and 111. liorae are all in ono piece. . I oould rido easily at 5, did 'ride .ltd st'.y on .6 3, and now I am 20 I can ride, well, anything you liko to .ot me on. Roasting ? ' No, not at all. I can ride. , I can also breathe, and it', not boastiug to sky one oan breathe the air, is it? And one Is as easy to me as the other. A funny combination you will say, . book. making father, and a jookey ion, and yoa become ausploioui straight off. Crooked, some thing h.nky-p.nky, you think at onee— but yoa won't say it to inc. You would not dare to, no, nor to my father. Now I will boast. Now it's my turn to boast, and this I will say for myself and him, that wo ride straight, and bet nlraight, and pay straight, and we'd dio straight .way rather than fail in any one ot til. three. On tho honor of a jockey I say it, and on tlio honor of a bookmaker he'd say it, and I now say it fer him. The honor of a bookmaker ! You laugh to yourself, do you. Why, it', tho most honorable proftuion in existence. Can yon tall me ol any ether body of men who for years together regu larly receive withont receipt or document enormous earns of money and farther need not be called upon to repay a single penny ; who sometimes meat with nearly overwhelming losses, and yet pay np every farthing ? Can yoa now! "Would the lawyere, the bank managers, ths doctors, or even the parsons do it! Do thsy! Of coarse not; and yet we do, con stantly at evary race meeting ; ao please don't laugh at the honor of a bookmaker, it harts like I think Hi tell yoa a little tale about ona ef them. A tree tale, mind, of what really happened in Sydney not many years ego. Yon remember when the A.J.C. Summer meeting was so awfully hard on the books ; everything seemed to bit u«, the favorite came in evary time, and he had in each cue been very much of a favorite, rushed by ths publio while there was hardly r, brown on one or tha oatslders except from an owner or two. Every- ona of the bookmakers lost a pila of money. Ose of them was in the cold for £7009. Seven thousand pounds. Just think of that. He rushed home and found, with averything put together, all ha eonld raise was just £4009. xbstwaswlth averything— furniture, the 2 acres at Oakleigb, in Victoria, tha New South Wales bank shares, and hit and mother's jewellery ; (there, It will oat. I can't tell a tale properly, father was tha man) and his interest in a good racer ; and be had to meet three more thon tends the day following. To tha bank ha went, deposited his dseds, and tried to raise money on everything, but not a penny beyond tha £4000 wonid they go. "That wee quite large enough," said the manager, and there, where father had his account in credit over five thoosand at a time. Wasn't it a heme. Bat then these bank managers always play up with a fellow when he's dowu — while, whsn he's up, they go on tbatr knees almost for his current account. I take care I never bring one of my eons, when I have them, np in each a line. I'd rather make them barbers or policeman. Anyhow, to make a long story abort, dad came borne, and mother and he — (the kid ha used to call me, and didn't reckon my opinion worth much) — well, mother and he went through and reckoned up everything, and had a long talk. " It's just come to this, Amy," eaid dad at last, "1 can't pay, 1 will get poeted for car- tain." I remember I always used to think my mother a grand woman, and do so now ; per haps it oame from her being an action, but sha could pat on style end the grand air with tha best of them. But I never admired her so much as when she said, " Yen must pay, Jim. You mast. Yoa shall if I bava to go ronad Sydney begging for it," and aha draw henilf np and looked magnificent. " And Amy," eaid my father, shivering the tahle with a mighty blow of hie first, " damn me bat I wilL Thanks, Amy, thanks old girl, thanks. You've got pluck, you have. You put new heart into a fellow. We'll pnll through all right" Then be thought for a minute, and said, " Come, Jack, kid, we'll go and have another hot I'll try old Oxbrow." So to Oxbrow we went. Oxbrow waa one of the best horse owners in Sydnty, and a fair honorable man to deal with, always runniDg straight, and having the respect of the olubs, the public, bookies and the jocks. I only knew bim By sight, nut father told me he had a nice office near Tattersall'a in the city. I remember our visit wait My father had a glass eye, tbe result of one of the eteeplechaie accidents of bis riding days nd tha cause of his leaving tbe saddle ; and he Usually went under the name among " the set " f Glaes-eyed Black. This morning he looked unusually serious, in spite of hie brave de meanor, so much eo that we had hardly eat down, and I had been introduced by a sober nod In my direolion, as "my kid," when Mr. Oxbrow said: " What in tha world's the matter, Black 5" " Bad enough, the fact of the matter ia that after 25 years of racing I'm about— (and here there wee quite a sob in bia voice)— I'm about to miae fire." " Whew, mise firo, why how's that, what do you mean ?" " I mean this, Mr. Oxbrow. I mean that I can't pay to- morrow, and rather then face my credi tors, and balauoe them, I'll shoot myasjf." " Nonsense, man, you mustn't do that." Tha owner looked serious and remained silent for a abort time. He could set, aa indeed could I, that my father wan awfully In earnest. "How much will square you up?" ho asked 6t length. " It won't do for a man like you to have any ghosts." Tbe racing ghost is an un paid backer. " Three thousand pounds." "Bather a big order. I am badly hit this meeting myself." Then he leant baok In his ohalr and thought for a few minutes, looking at tho ooiling and (then at us, and then out of the window, with an oc casional "Well, well," end "Yes, yes," to himself, while tho big olock — I have never heard a olook ao solemn — tioked slowly, and tha street noises outside seemed, Oh, so audihlo ; and wo oarefntly watched my father's fate, for that' what It meant, I raw plainly. Then, with a suddenness whioh startled one, he opened the table drawor, took out a cheque book, and without Hpeaking wrott out a oheque for £5000. He did not cross it, or got any ro Olipt, but handed it witli n "Hera you are" to my father, who recsivod it, eheok hands quietly, although hia forehead was lined with perepiratien, and eaid, "Mr. Oxbrow, sir, it will be paid back. I will uovor forget your kindness. Thank you, »Ir." "I am sure you'll pay for it If you can, Blaok. lit member it leaves my account olearsd out. Good-bye." Wo went outside, and my father, as soon as we were In the passage, caught both of my hands In hie and, looking ma straight ill tbe faee, said, "Now, Jack, I'm saved. You will make that debt your own. If I live I'll pay it, if I die you must see to it. Yes. My cures any your mothor's on yon, if you don't. " My father Bigned tho pledge that night and gave up smoking. Next week mother went and engaged as an aotress at the Ilaymarket Theatre; and I, well I did my nhnra of tho family economics and went in for putting by all my earnings, becoming in tho opinion of my friends quite a miser. And so in a vary short time the money was all repaid, tho whole of the £3000 witli good Interest, although Mr. Oxbrow did not ask for the lattor. A few lueky wins and eteady work by all three, a long, strong pull altogether, and the money wae raised, end ws were indeed proud and relieved people when it was done. My father broke the pledge tbe same night, saying it was only binding on his ooneeience as longas bisdebt lasted, and smoked nineoigars ; in faot, amused no all by getting slek Ilko a graen sohoolboy. My mother made her last appear ance and got a splendid benefit, and I gave a nloe little party down the harbor to some par ticular friends, male, of aourit, or at least most of them were, who had stuck to mo without asking or understanding tho reason why Jack Blaok had hoeorae eo mean and stingy. I said our debt wan repaid. Bo it was, ao far l hard cash was oonoerned, but our debt of Gratitude, our obligation, Btill remained ; and it turn our family tradition that if wo oould in any way or at any time help our good friend bin Oxbrow or hia family, friends or heirs, xeentoia or administrators, aa ths lawyers say, we would do it. The Y.A-T.C. Spring Moating was perhaps tbe most successful gathering it has ever hail. Enormous crowds, good racing, plenty of ex citement, heaps of money and good fellowship in abundance. What mora could man desire! What else was wanted to make a race meeting successful! Nothing, everybody eaid, aud so everybody waa happy. Everybody, except me. I waa about aa miserable a fellow ae aver ex isted. I waa io bare ridden Madcap, one of the best horses In tha field, for both the Canlfield and Melbourne Copt, and, about six days before, mark the terrible disappointment, six days be fore tha Canlfield race I had broken my arm. It was my own fault, I must own. Foolishly jumping at a stiff hurdle sear the trotting paddock, I bad brought ths horse down on myself, and should hava been thankful enough that I didn't break my neck. But I wasn t. I felt desperate enough almost to wish, when I saw Madcap come home an easy first, that it had been my neck. Who ever taw such lock, and in my first Canlfield race, too. The (port ing papers had little pars, consoling Black, the clsver young rider, ou his mishap, wbila I had to bear tha detestable sympathy of my friends, believing all the time that I waa a fool and a dunderhead, who had cut my racing career short in very sudden time. But there in no help for it, and tha winning jockey Wisemin had to take tbehorre through the Melbourne Cap. Now I did hate Wiseman. He was a thick headed, thickakinned and thickset fellow who fancied he could ride. I hated Wiseman, I say. I hate him now. He returned it, with interest I was going to say, bnt that was impossible. And now this fellow, who knew absolutely noth ing, had used my training and tonch to win a Canlfield Cop, and wonid win, confound him, a Melbourne Cup, my Melbourne Cup, on my Madcap for certain. I almost made np my mind not to see the Cup run. I felt so utterly miserable as an on looker, I, who had usually bean a performer at all tbe race meetings I had been present at. But I bad the racingfevereo badly, it was impos sible to stay away. So November's first Tuesday saw ma there, my arm almost well, although not quite healed and etill painful when touched. All the beye were there, of course, and all the girls too. In short, all tho people I had expected to see me win. I, usually so gallant, found it specially painful to be their companion, instead of in my right place among tbe hor.es. But so it was, and I spent altogether a very unpleasant and miserable time, it being simply unbearable to eee Madcap eo prime and beautiful, aud that Wiseman was to ride her. The usual incidents of the day, the arrival of the Governor's party, the rest of tbe vice-re- galitiee, popular and nnpopular owners, and wsll-koown riders, the globe trotters end press trotters, and others creating the ordinary ex citement. I felt myself rather out of gear among such fine dresses, and the grand folks on the lawn, and longed for tha hill, but did not care to leave my mother, to whom tha lawn was tbe only spot worth visiting, and who was a woman of sulfielent prominence to bave a large eircle of friends among tho orowds around ; wbils the plain dressed form of Glass-eyed Black, my revered father, wae to bo seen as baBy nB busy could be iu tbe birdcage, yelling kimaolf hoarse, and making vary full books. And then oceurred the great event of my life. Tha time for tha Cup was quickly approaching when I saw my father and Mr. Oxbrow, tho latter greatly agitated, coming towards us. "Bascally shame — disgraceful — ought to be shot," I heard tho latter say bb they approached. I knew that it must bo something very import ant to bring him away from bis betting so shortly before the raoe, hut was not prepared for what they told us. It appeared that Wiseman, although not in Mr. Oxbrow'a atable, bad agreed, as was usual, to ride hia mare Baria for tho great evont of the day, and It waa not till a few minntos bofore that Mr. Oxbrow had heard from Wiseman that he had promised to ride Madcap for tbe Cup. Our master was Mr. Wilson, and to him Mr. Oxbrow had excitedly gone, when that gentle man, although serry for the misunderstanding, as ha called it, pointed out that it would be im possible for him to make any otbor arrange ments at that late time— only 20 minutes before the race. Misunderstanding, of course, I saw it waa not. Wiseman had arrauged before my accidant to ride Baria, 'and then bad takeu Madcap when ha got the offer, because it was the better horse, and ha bad been ashamed, tbo skunk, and too mean to tell Mr. Oxbrow about hia breaking hia agreement— putting it off until it waa too late. I had ridden tho mere once or twice, and knew her well enough to be sure that only those acauatamed to her peculiarities could bring any pace out of bar. I myself did not tliink rauoli of her, but Mr. Oxbrow believed in her implicitly, and reckoned her, if properly handled, a splendid goer and a sure winner. So it came out that be bad laid very heavily upon her, and stood to lose a tremendous sura if she did not get a place. 1 thought he was euro to lose, as the mare was not, in my opinion, worth a place, and would not go unices well in the humor. I was surprised ho had such confidence in her. Anyhow, it was hard to lose tho money with out a try, and I suggested Callaway, Tukrs and Barnes to Mr. Oxbrow, and went and tried to arrange with them for him, but oitbor they could not ride or their masters wanted to keep them fresh for later races. It was now about ten minutes to four. All tho other jockeys were dressing, no ridor yet for Baria. Mr. Oxbrow was just fuming his hoartaway, when suddenly my mother said, " Could you go, Jack ?" Tho thought ataggorcd and excited me. I would do anything for Mr. Oxbrow if I only could. But my arm ! Mr. Oxbrow looked at ma and said, "I wouldn't ears as long as the horse ran; but don't harm yourself." Just then Madcap and Wiseman came into eight, and there arose a mighty ohaer at the favorite that maddoned mo, and scttlod the question. " I'll rido if it kills me." My mother nodded approvingly— good old mother— ao I got Mr. Wilson, who aeoinod very muoh amused at my attempt, to consent, and dressod In a twinkling. My arm seemed in pretty good ardor, and roally, when one oamo tolookatthoraare, ahodidu'tlooksobad, So with rather a weak graspof the right rein, Ieame out, and, as I expected, uaithor I nor tha horse was known. Nobody reoognised ue and nobody aheered. I got to the line just in time, but bad a fair start, and away, but tho brute would not respond. Auy way, I forced her on my best, and saw her oreep up a bit, until she wae about eighth in the flold, that was almost as far as I thought she would got. It wae not until wo reaohed tho abattoirs that I felt something wss in her. She soemod to live again, and to strain every nerve. What If I could win ? Hashed across me. No ; no go! Thoro were Madcap and five oihers three lengths in front; Yet— aud here a secret wish came into my hoart, I hardly dared breathe my hope to myself. Yes, jve were surely gaining— ye, gaining fast. Baria was going magnifi- cently, really taking my breath away at her form, and I had only uaed the whip once. My heart went in bounds, and the flying feeling which when I have a aueeeeifnl mount I always feel came over me. And now, noar the entrance to the straight, there wsro only Thunderer and Madcap in front of me, the former leading, with old Johnson astride, but I could see greatly distressed. There was a chance of my getting a place after all. Then the crowd on tho flat commenced the noise — clapping, yells, screams and hurrahs— I bad heard before and have since, bat that day they seemed to thrill me through and through. In line now with Thunderer, the lawn rushed forward in one man — only half a length behind Madcap. But Thunderer s rider forced me on to thefcnce ; I pulled my right rein sharply and something snapped. I felt, and yet bardly felt, awful pain, to rued my spurs and left arm. I believe I should have fainted ; hut, as I came level with him, Wiseman scowled at me and kept me in my senses. Yes; I must beat that devil, if I only lived another hour. Ooe more minute's life would do it, aye, did, do it 1 Ooe mora struggle, I lifted the mare in, and Baria won by a neck. I have an idea that I saw Mr. Oxbrow with tears in his eyes, and that my father lifted mi off tbe scales, and that is all, forthenl fainted. - But I had won the Melbourne Cup. t 