WOODVILLE. I.O.G. T. — The Good Templars are still gaining ground in Woodville. Last night the brothers and sisters were kept quite busy. A candidate was initiated into the order, and the officers for the ensuing quarter were installed by Bro. W. See, D D. An official visit was also received from Multum in Parvo Lodge, and, although the night was dull and cloudy, about thirty-three of the Hinton members rolled up and rendered the follow ing splendid programme :— Bro. W. See a song, ' Why do Summer Roses Fade ;' Bro. H. Beavis a recitation; Sister A. Digby a song, 'Bring home your money To-night ;' Bro. J. McDonald a song, ' Loch Lomond ;' Bro. G. Morrow a musical selection ; Bro. G. Youll a recitation, ' Break off by degrees ;' Sister N. Hyndes a song ; Sisters Kohne and Morrow a dialogue ; Sisters Madden and Gear a duet, ' Won't you buy my pretty Flowers ;' Sister Maynard a song, 'Annie Lisle ;' Bro. Tucker a song, 'The Old Rustic Bridge;' Bro. A. King a reading ; Brothers P. Flynn and A. Stuart a dialogue ; Bro. G. Youll a recitation, ' Boy's rights;' Bro. W. See a song, 'Maggie by my Side.' A vote of thanks to the visitors was pro posed by Bro. Walter Carter, L.D., seconded by Bro. W. N. Carter, C.T., and supported by Bro. D. Ferry, P.C.T. ; which was very ably responded to by Bro. A. King, C.T. of Multum in Parvo, Bro. W. See, D.D., Bro. Paviour, L.D., and Bro. Tucker. The Woodville brothers and sisters had provided a splendid spread, which seemed to be much appre siated by the visitors. Threecheers wore given for Multum in Parvo and Star of Woodville lodges, and a most enjoyable evening was brought to a close, and the visitors were soon rattling down the road at a very lively pace, evidently well pleased with their trip. The friends of Mrs. Ide, of Woodville, and Mr. J. Graham, of Clifden, will be pleased to learn that both are recovering from their recent illnesses. The long-talked-of Albion dam is at last com pleted, and on Wednesday last was passed by Mr. Hope. The dam, which is really a splendid one, reflects great credit on the workers. Woodville, Aug. 9th, 1895. (From another correspondent.) Silver Readings. — Last evening a very enjoy able entertainment was given in the Woodville School of Arts by a number of local amateurs to a very large and appreciative audience. The com mittee of management are to be congratulated upon the success of their efforts, and the funds of the institution will be greatly benefited. Proceedings were commenced by a well executed pianoforte soIo by Miss Munday, which was followed by a song from our old friend, Mr. J. F. Munday, who was well received. Mr. D. Sharkey was heard to advantage in his song 'Half-past Nina,' while Messrs. C. Nicholls and T. Butler were compelled to respond to a most vociferous encore to their double song and dance, ' Murphy Waved His Handkerchief.' A song by Mr. S. Unicombe was much appreciated ; then Miss May Long recited very nicely a piece entitled ' The Shepherd of Shadowland.' Mr. C. Nicholls, all booted and spurred and mounted on his favourite ' gee gee,' fairly delighted the audience with his comic song, for which he received a well deserved encore. The song, 'Island of Dreams,' by Mr. G. Tranter, was well rendered, as was also a comic song by Mr. J. McBrierty. Mr. T. Butler sang, ' Sweet Lullaby,' and Mr. A. McInness a comic song ; then Mr. C. Nicholls again fairly brought down the house with his ' Nigger Eccentricities.' A recitation, 'The Owl Critic,' by Mr. P. Long, followed, and the duet 'Friend- ship,' by Messrs. J. F. Munday and T. Butler. Mr. J. McBrierty again favoured with a comic song, while a song by Mr. J. F. Munday wound up the musical portion of the entertainment. The programme concluded with the side-splitting Nigger farce, ' The Four o'clock Train.' The different parts were well sustained by Messrs. T. Butler, D. Sharkey, and especially Mr. C. Nicholls as Nigger, who evidently doesn't relish ghost ' spirits,' and for fully 15 minutes kept the house in roars of laughter. The Chairman, Mr. George Bishop, thanked the audience for their attendance, and announced that a dance would then be held. The hall was speedily cleared, and a number of young couples tripped it merrily until a late hour. Woodville, Saturday morning. 