The Fatal Handkerckiel. 14 Well, yes,' eald my old friend, ex Inspector Brlsbell, as we sat odb olgbt talking over oar tobacco ; '? yes, It's surprising wbat a little ibiug will some times cause a man' la biding to be die* covered. 8om« little aot of Gareleflenefia 00 bis part will ofteo'glve bim away,1 however oool a band be may be. I oaM tell you of many suoa instances, but one Id particular will always he uppermost in mv memory, because it me a good lift to tne service soon a/(t*rl bud become a ( plato-olotbes man.' Perhaps you would lift© to bear It?' As Brtssell's stories war* always Inter esting I was more tban witling to bear ble tale, wbicb I now repeat, as nearly as 1 can rememoer, io bis owu word* :— 14 It was. as 1 said, soon after I bad taken tn plain ciotnes. Toere bad been a I murder oommtied at Eistbeacb — :ben a I ratber quiet little watering-place, although It baa now grown to a fashion able resort. It was a murder of 8 very brutal kind. A young woman bad beeu fouod dead, dreadfully disfigured t-y blows on tbe head and face. At first tbere was uo clue whatever to tbe murderer; but on ber body being reoog ulaed by ber mother, a poor oeedlewouaaD in lbe East-end of London, it was ascer tained tbat sbe bad been keeping com „ r, wllh u Vf r- Ril I i rinrl n a rvw n in u ^omewbat good portion as an iron agent io tbe City Tbis geotlemao wae, nf course, Immediately looked after, but be waemisiug. Wherever be got tbe scent from I oou d never learn, but it is certain that on tbe very day tbe police got bold of bis name be disappeared— disappeared entirely, as if be bad been swallowed up, do trace of bim at all Doing found. 'Tne inquest wa9 beld, aud It wan proved tbat a man resembling Billingtou bad been in nee tbe poor girl at Kastoeaob on tbe Friday as uerdead body was found on Lbe SnutUay. Tbe landlady woere she loduts.i said tbe deceased bad told her a friend was comiog to visit ber, aud tbe Uudlady bad afterwards seen ner, froui tbe window, walking witb a mau on tne sea-front. On being sbown Billington's photograph, sbe declared it was tbe same man; and, although tne evidence was slight, it was considered by tbe coroner aod tne jury, coupled ewltb tbe fact of Bulington having absconded, to he auffi« cieot, and tney brought in a verdict of wilful murder against bim. ' Yoa may be sure there was a bue and ory after Billingtou. His photograph was sent ail over the country, aod the Treasury : oftered £100 reward, but all to uo effect. Tnere was not tbe tWigblent trace of the i mao, and, wben four or five weeks bad | elapsed, be was still at large. 44 1 was i ben only an uuder-strapper. and tbe case was, of course, io otber bands ; but, like all tbe rest, I was greatly i Interested and kept my eyeB wide opeo. I bad frequeQt uik* wlrb my wj/a about it. We bad ooly been married a sbort time tbeo, and as tbere were only our two selves I often used to amuse ber witb gosHp on tbe cases goiog on, (ill at last sbe got quite eager to kuov tbe latest details, and argued and surmised like ao old de teotive, 11 Well, nothing turned up, and tbey bad weli-nigb given up tbe beat of tbe chase, wben Susan (tbat's Mrs. Brisseil, you know) went to Beddering to see ber sister Ellen. Bedderlog's a quiet little town in ? sbire — about 8.UOO or 4 000 inhabitants, I sbould say— and ber sister lived tbere witb ber busoaad, who was a farmiOK-otiap and but poorly ofl. '* Susan started on a Monday morning. I saw ber off at tbeQreat Etsiern Station, and I beard uo more of ber till Dearly tbe end of tbe week, wben I was surprised to gel a letter from ber, io wblcb sbe said scarcely auyLbiog about bereeif, but asked me if I could seud her one ot Blllington's puotograpbs and Ml ber bis full Christian names. I always iry to please tbe wife if I cao, so I managed lo get a pboto. and sent it (O ber by tbe next mail, witb bis name in full— Eben*z«r Beojamin Billingtou— tbougb, as I said io my letter, wbat on earth she wanted it for I coulda't imagine, and I tbougbt she mast have got too lonely-like in trie oountry, and oeen tbioklug too mucb. 4* Tbe next thing I received from ber was a telegram : 'Come down at once. B. Is here.' ' 1 Weil/ thought T, ' wbat am I to do ? Susan's oo fool. She tbink she's got bold of something, but I can hardly go tn bead-qU4rtera witb this. If sbe's wroog [ —as leo to one sbe is— I sbaii make a fool of myself. On the otber band, if she's right. I mustn't miss tbe cbance. Be sides, if I go to bead-quarters Inspector Snappltt will get lostroctlnne, and if tbe fellow's caught he'll get all the credit too.' Sol determined lo say tbat I'd bad a telegram from my wife, aod thought sometblng was wroog, ana 4 migbtl have a oouple of days ?' Notblog very urgent was od just then, audi got leave with out trouble. I knew tbat if I spotted BlIlingtOD I oould take bim without a warrant, eo I cared notbing abuat tbat, aod I started off pell-mell for Beddering by tbe next train. 41 Wben I got tbere I found Susan at tbe station, all right bot very excited, aod at first I eoatd make neither bead nor tail of her statement, except one thing, and tbat was tbat a man, wbom sbe tbougbt was Biillogtoo. was lodging over an Ironmonger's sbnp iu Cburcb Street, where tbep sometimes let apart ments to any stray straoger requiring tbem. 41 1 got ber home to ber sister's and settled her down (jalet, and tbis was ber tale: Her sifter's hosbaod was very Doorly paid, and ebe wae glad to add a few shillings, oow and again, by washing or doing odd fobs for families Id the town, and sbe sometimes bad washing from Mrs. Cranks, ibe Ironmonger's wife For tbe last three or four weeks there bad been a geotleman-lodger (a Mr. Manner ing) staying at Mrs. Crank's, and bis washing bad been sent to Elleu. 44 Now, tbere was ootbiug at all extra- 1 ordinary io all tbis. aod if It bad not been for Sueao going to see Ellen nothing woold bave transpired. Susan bad, of oourse, notbing to occupy herself with, so she must needs help Ellen iron up Mr. Mannerloe's things, and amongst tbem was a poc&et;'bandkerobtpf wbicb at tracted ber notice. It bad two difierent markings oo It. Like all tbe otber articles, it was remarked io olack mark ing-Ink, 'T. J. M.1 (standing, I suppose, for ' T. J. Mannering'), it also bad a mark, 4 E. B. B;' In another corner in very raini oiue enreaa. j 11 * Well, my dear,' said I, 4 there's not mooh In tbat. Mr. Mannering may bave exobanged bandkeroblefs in some way with someone having tbe Initials 11 E B. B,' bat I'll go and bave a look at bim.' 14 Then Susan told me tbat she had seen 1 Mr. Mannering,' although it was very difficult to get a sight of bim, ae he waa a confirmed Invalid and rarely went oat, bot ebe bad seen bim by connivance of Mrs. Crank's servant, and, to ber mind, be waa not Mannering at all, but Billing ton. fie agreed lo belghtand build, bot bad do whiskers or moostacbe ae Billlng too bad, and be wore blue' spectacles, ae hie eyes were, at be reported, very weak. Be baa come to Beddering expeotlog to find an old friend— a Mr. Cookerton — wbo, however, bad died, and be was so ill that be determined to stay awhile and recruit himself. ' I next got a look at 1 Mannering'e' linen. It was nearly all new exoept a sbirt, a collar, and a handkerchief wblcb Susan nad ' spotted,' and, oo examining tbe shirt, I fancied I could deteot little boles where a thread-marking bad been picked out, hut I was not certain. I was oow getting fairly suspicious, aod went to try aod get a look at bim, but was un able, I, however, made Inquiries as to hiB supposed friend, aud found tbat, ap pareotly, he was all right on that poiot ; there bad oeen a grooer named Coc&erton; In tbe Bigb Street, Out be bad died some three years ago. 44 It was gettfog towards night, and I arranged witb Susan aod Ellen to go out an if for a walk. We c«iled oo Mr* I Crank's servant, aod £ was introduced as Susan's husband— 4 oorue down to see tier, you too*.' We sat chatting in tbe kit , cben for a time, wben Martha (that was the servant ) bad to aoswer Mr. Mauoer iog's bell. Sbe came down again directly and said be was going for a walk, ae it was a fine nlgbt. I tipped the wiok to Susan and eald I tbougbt I'd take a stroll, a« it was very warm io tbe kitoben, and I slipped out and waited about on tbe opposite side of tbe way till be came out. ' I bad dressed myself in a countrified sort of suit, with soft felt bat aod gaiters, so, aithougu he looked aoross at' me, be took uo appar^ot notice, hut I bad a good look at bim. C -riaioly, be was like the man wanted, in beigbt aud build, but be wae darker than Billingtou was described to be, aud looked much older, and walked bim, following bim at a safe distance, aod noticed he was frequently stopping and looking round. This migot b» ta&eo; by some to be for wact of breath, but I tbougbt be was auxious to see wbo was beblud him. aud I beoitne, now, doubly suspicious, and was fairly roused. He went to ibe post-office und returned straight lo his lodgmga very slowly, stopping every now aud then as before. I kept well benind, aud returned to tbe kitchen some minutes afterwards. 'My next move was to get a sight of bis belongings, hut this was difficult without ieiting tbe servant know tbe statf of the cuse, and I was not ready for a fuss yet. However, Mr. aod Mrs. Cranks bud goue out, and Maunering retired lo bis bedroom at oloe o'clock ; so I tarneJ tpe conversation on tbe house, aod tbe size of tbe roomB, and so forth. Susan, seeing my drift, said abe sbould like to look at tbe sitting-room, and, Martha not obj»ctiog- we all went quietly upstairs. Tbere was bardly anything of the lodger's about except a few hooks. He slept -io tbe next fi^or, and bad most of his things in bis bedroom 1 look up a few books one after (be other, and witb a show - f carelessness turned tbe pages over, but I noticed every fiy-leaf was toro out. I oext took up ao old map, wbicb was mounted aud folded In a cover and case. Oo the front of tbis a piece of paper had b'eo neatly pasted, aud tbe name, 4J. T. Mannering,' wrltteu in viol«*t ink. I didn't want to make a 1 scene, but I managed, while the women were In one corner of the room, to get - i he map up to tbe lamp, and oo looking | closely I could see a oame wbicb bad i oeen written under tbe pasted soeet. I I could trace a first letter lookiog like an | 'E,' and could clearly mtke out a ' B' and a nam** beginuing with another ' B' about tbe length of 4 Biillugton.' This was enough for me : I feit tolerably Bure I bad tbe mau, bat be himself siou coo vi need me. 44 Whether be beard us in b s room, or whether he bad only come downstairs for something, I don't know, but be suddenly appeared at the room door in bis dressing-gown end slippers, and when he saw us be first wnnt very red and then pale as a ghost, I bowed aod made towards the door, and Martha gasped out that she was only showing , her friends over tbe bouse. I suppose be ! thought it was all right, for be then I walked into the room and turoed ratber angrily, Baying that it waB a great pleoe of impertinence, and he should speak to Mrs. C'r&nttH; About It in the moruing. All th-s time I stood at tbe door looking full at bim, aud I tbougbt I oould make out Billlngtoo's features (tbey were of ratber a ouimou type — nothing excep tiooally striking about tbem). aDd I could plainly see that bis bair and eyebrows were dyed. He was described ss having a peculiar twitch of tbe moutb when be smiled, so I was desirous of making 4 Mr. Mannering' smile. I, therefore, spoke very hnmoly and pleasantly, saying tbat no offence hnd been meant, (bit we were only 4 looking round,' and that I was very sorry and trusted he would overlook It, aud say nothing about it. This got bim iuto a good humour again, aud he said: 4 Well, well ! I suppose it w ah so. I don't want lo make mischief for Martha.' He turoed to Martha, wbo was by my aide, and smilel as h« said this, and, eure enough, there was the twitch. Then I was sure, quite sure, aod bidding bim 4 Qood eveoing,' I went oft to make arrangements for bis arrest. 41 I next visited tbe local pollce-statloo and explained matters to tbe inspector, wbo returned with me to the house. Leaviog a constable downstairs, we both went straight up to 4 Mr. Manoering's room, where we fnuod him reading, over a pipe. 4 On! Mr. Btlllogtoo, I bave come back,' Bald I, on entering. He turned quiokly and made a spring for tbe door like a vigorous man as be was, buL we had bim fast, and I clapped the handcuffs on him before be was aware of It. He, at first, insisted we bad made a mistake, but on my showing bim tbe handkerchief and the map be gave in, nod confessed be was BillingLon, and cursed bimeelf for his carelessness. 41 1 wired to London, and nextmorniug he went witb us to town, where be was ultimately convicted and sentenced to death. It transpired, however, that tbe murdered girl bad been a great trouble and annoyanoa to bim aod bad given him great provocation, and bis sentence was commoted to penal servitade for life. ?' I always gave Susan all tbe credit of tbat capture, as, indeed, was her due; hut it was tbe means of gaining me early promotion, besides getting tbe £100 re ward, of which I took good care Elleo and ber husband bad a fair 4 slice.' In faot, It started tbem in a email way on their own accouot, and tbey aru now doing well. 14 So you see bow small and trifling a thing may spoil a man's plans. Billing ton was practically safe if be hadn't omitted to destroy tbat one pocket handkerchief, or to pick tbe Initials out of it, but the markiog was very faint, aod I suppose ft escaped bis observation. 41 Of ooorse, if was an extraordinary chain of circumstances, the handkerchief going to my wife's sister Lo be washed aod my wife being there ; but tben, you know, 4 tbe world's a very small plaoe,' as someone bas remarked.' 