THE GOLDEN ROCK. Axb QtokNBULND ItlllTV Rssebvd. SENSATIONAL ADYENTURE STORY. By ERNEST GLANV1LLE, Author of "The Lost Heiress," "The Fair Colonist," "ThoFossiokers," to., fco. CHAPTER XXII.— (Continued) The stranger spoke, bub the Gaika book his head in turn. ' What dons he say V asked Hume. ' He speaks strangely, sieur.' ' Is he a witoh dootor V (He is not of my people, nor of the Zulus, and his toes turn out.' ' I wonder if this i'B our hermit ?' said Webster. 'Aye, the same thought occurred to me; ana the man who could leap over that fence as he did conld have no dlffi- cnlty in knocking me down.' While they were talking the stronger looked at them furtively. Hume out a piece off a twist of Boer tobacco and handed it to the man, who took it with a gleam of satisfaction, cat a fragment off with his . assegai and put it into his mouth. The Galka stalked away 1 and orept under the waggon, the stranger stopping his jaws to watoh him, until he heard the sigh of a man who lies down to sleep, when he appeared more at ease. Presently he squatted by the fire, spreading his hands before him, and, in a guttural. voice, said, 'Brandy.' 'His vocabulary may be limited,' said Webster, drily ; ' but it is useful,' and he went to the waggon box for the stone demijohn in which thcly carried the Dop brandy. Hume had his eye on the man, and saw him shift an assegai to his right hand, whereupon ho pulled hack the hammer of his rifle with a click that drew a swift, furtive glance upon him. The brandy was poured oat and drank with a resounding smack, and in jubila tion he shouted out, after the Kaffir fashion, a few words of praise, and at the noise the oxen stirred. ' Yoh ! ' came a sharp exclamation. ' Is that you, Klaus ? ' 'The buBh, sieur — the bush it moves.' ' What the devil . Look after that fellow, Jim, while I see into this,' and Hume bolted round the waggon. 'Well, Klaas?' The Gaika was not there, bnt Hume heard him talking to the oxen, and ran forward. ' What is it ? ' ' Hen come in to out rheims again, and take away the bush fence.' ' Where are they ? ' said Hume; throw ing up his rifle. ' They run when they see me. That man by the fire no good. So I went by the waggon and watoh — bymby, when ho drink and orv out one word, he Bhout in ' Zulu — baleka — " quiok." So I leave the waggon.' 'Hold that fellow!' shouted Hume, hut there oamo a stifled cry from Webster, and when he got round the man had gone, and Jim was rubbing his eyes. Hang the swab,' he said ; ' he threw \- a handful of duBt in my eyes, when I attempted to .seize him, and hounded awav. What new devilment's afoot ? ' 'That fellow was in league with some one, and another attempt has been made to stampede the oxen. They beat us at every turn.' ' You are very noisy out there,' said a voice from the waggon. ' We have been entertaining a guest, and he haB just left us,' said Hume, with a wry face. ' A guest in this place, and at suoh on hour. You should have given me the opportunity of shoring the pleasure.' ' We did not wish to disturb you.' A dose inspection was made of the fenoe, and three large branohes, whioh had been removed, were replaced. Then the three men, eaoh taking up a different post, kept watoh again until the dawn. CHAPTER XXIII. A Duel. They agreed to keep hack from Laura the alarming inoident of the night, and when she Btepped out in the morning full of ourioBity they made light of their strange visitor, and drew her attention instead to the huge body of the old lion. But though they would give her no cause for fresh anxiety, "their minds wero troubled and their' glanoes continually roaming over the oountry for sign ot tho danger they were sure was preparing for them. ' It is not right,' said Hume, that we should oxpose her to these terrors and risks.' 'True, my lad ; and there is a look in her eyes already whioh I do not like.' ' What are you talking about so , gloomily ?' she asked. ' The fact is,' said Prank, gravoly, ' we have made a miBtako in bringing you into this wilderness, and wo think .wo should take you book to Pretoria, or, at any rate, to some farm where you could stay safely while wo returned from tho soaron.' ' Then something did oecnr last night,' she said, looking from one to the other. The lion occurred,' said Webster, with the ghost of a smile. ' There is nothing very terrible in a dead lion. Yon are keeping back something from mo.' ' Wo are just entering upon the most dangerous part of our journey, ond the risks we have encountered are nothing compared to those we must expect, but thoy have beon bad enough to alarm us on your acoount. Wo feel that we cannot expose you to the dangers and strain of constant alarms.' ' You should know by this time,' she said, slowly, ' that I am prepared to eneounter danger, and we have already discussed aud faced this very matter whoa we reokoned up tho difficulties and hardships of the enterprise. I am re solved to continue unloss my presence tires you.', ' Heaven forbid ! ' they muttered.. ' Then bo satisfied,' she said, with a sad smile; 'you are relioved of the responsibility whioh y6u think due' to mo beoause I am woman, for if I knew death were awaiting mo over there among those grim mountains I would not draw baok.' They shuddered. I 'Como,' she said, 'I havo put into ' words what was in yonr thoughts. Tell me now what happened last night, and let me judge whether the danger he the greater.' . , . j .. So thoy told her., , ' Now, see if yott had hot told mo I should have magnified horrors out of the unknown ) but now the inoident sinks into the plot of a ounning native to steal our oxen. These people can have no designs on our lives.' They sat down to their little camp table, and then for an hour afterwards thoy out bundles of long grass- for their oxen that night, as Hume was determined to make long treks until they reaohed tho vlei or lake. The oxen were then inspanned, and they started, Hume going on ahead, Mies Austrade sitting in the baok of tho waggon with her little rifle, while Web ster handled the long whip, and Klaas led the oxen. They passed along a ridge whose wooded slopes sank to the river, disturbing many troopB of big game as the waggon creaked and rumbled slowly on between huge ant-hills, and in and out among aloes, standing liko sentinels. At noon they reached the lip of the plateau, and below them stretched a wide plain, where gleamed a lkrge sheet of water, with moving troops of game around. Here they outBpanned for the midday rest, and, with the map before them, traced the route taken by Old Hume, away to the right, across the river, through a wide bolt of reeds, whioh shone in the sun like a white streak, then up the far distant range of ragged mountains. ' I feel within me the glow of the ex plorer who sees the mists veiling the bed of a mighty and unknown river,' Baid Hiss Anstrade, as she looked with kind ling eyes over tho low- lying conntty. 'But the way seems so easy that a horrible doubt arises. Surely someone must have been before ub.' ' What do you think, Webster ?' ' It seems to me to be. plain sailing ; but no doubt a nearer view would open up reefs and difficulties.' 'Yes, difficulties enough. Now, see that belt of reeds looking like a ribbon for thickness, it must be three miles in width and satnrated with water. It will need a struggle to get through. Thon there is the mountain to olimb, and a particular spot in it to find, and beyond that the d angora frafii those who are said to protect tho Rock ; but before we enter upon any of those tasks we have to reaoh that sheet of water, whioh must be some 20 miles off, and there we may be forced to abandon our waggon.' 'Why should wo; tho oountry looks quiet enough ? ' ' Well, our party is too small to divide, aud in anything wo attempt we must keep together. Aa for the country being quiet, I can see smoke rising from three different kraals, and depend upon it, as soon as the people see us they will swarm round, ready to beg, steal, or fight.' The day was sultry, with a hot steam rising from the marshy lowlands, and they soon Bought the weloome shade of the baobab, whose wide spreading branches sent down roots to the ground. The ground beneath, in a wide circle, had been trampled hare of grass by buffalo and wild beasts, which had here resorted to rub their tough hidea against the rough stems; there were the remains, too, of old fires, and on the parent trunk, high up, where the hark waB smooth, the handiwork of somo roving white man, who had deeply scored his initials. ' It is quite a fresh sear,' said Webster, notioiug tho marks. 'By Jove,/yes! and made within the day; for, see, here are parts of the old hark on the ground. What is it? D.H. — the initials of my tinole.' ' But out to-day ! ' exolaimed WobBtor. ' Ho,' said Hume, who had climbed on a huge root, whioh stood out liko a buttress ; ' it is an old scar reopened.' 'Baas,'saidKlaas, warningly, 'here come men.' They started round, snatohed np their rifles, and looked about, to see a small body of natives hesitating whether to advance or not. ' Advanoe,' said Hume, in Zulu. The leading man at once stepped for ward, the others following, ond in a few moments six stalwart natives, armed with assegais and shields, were looking enri- ously at the email party of whites. ' Greeting, inkoso,' said the leader in deep tones, looking out of the corner of his eye at Hiss Anstrade. ' To yoa also,' said Hume quietly. The men stood silent for a full minute ; but their quick glances took in every detail, coming baok always to the slender form of the white lady. ' I come from the great chief, Gungun- hama, the strong one,' Baid the leader, ' and demand a present from the stranger.' ' Demand,' said Hume. ' ' Ob, aye, the Country is his, the game in it, and the people. Inkose must pay, or take the path he has travelled.' ' You havo flown fast if you come from Gungunhamu, for hie kraal is six suub away.' ' My ohief is not one who sends a word to each white man who enters his country. Ho moves himself only when he wishes to strike, and hiB word is spoken to little people through his Indunas.' ' So,' said Hume, swallowing bis wrath, ' I have a preaont for the chief ; but I must know that the man I give it to is the one authorised to receive.' ' You are few, aud one of you is a woman,' said the Zulu, ooolly taking a pinch of snuff. ' So I brought only these men. If your presont is large I can bring a regiment, that of Incomati, to night, and iny young men are quiok to anger.' This was a Veiled threat that oheoked Hume, who had been disposed to oarry matters with a high hand. 'Sit,' He said, 'and eat. Klaas, give these men meat.' KIoob did as ho was ordered, and tho Zulus eyed him disdainfully at first, then subjected him to a running fire of sling ing criticism. Presently he answered baok, 'and one of the younger men-struck at his shins with a kerrie. The Gaika'u blood was up, and, fling ing the venison down in the asheB,< he ran. for his sticks, while tho young Zulu; with a jeering laugh, rose to nis feet. ' ' Drop thoso . sticks, Klaas,' shouted Hume, angrily. Klaas hesitated, then sullenly replaced his kerrieB and turnod' away, whereat the ZuIub laughed again. ' It is not' fitting that we should servo ourselves,' said the Indnno, ' let this servant wait on us.'' Humo called to. the Gaika to attend to the guests) but ho olioked hls tongue and would not move. .. v - 'Come,' said Hiss Aifttrade, gently ; ' do as you ore .told, Klaas.' , ; Thereupoq Klaas moved 'slowly to the fire, placed tho kettle on ' to boil, and mudo coffee, while all the time a running fire of chaff wob turned on him. 'It seems they want to provoko him,' muttored Wobater, with an unfriendly glance. at the arrogant nhtiyes. ' to jus continued to-xobrow. 