Australian Wines and Vine yards. Our double page of illustrations depicts a variety of scenes connected with wine calture iu Australia., and we are iudebted to the courtesy of Messrs. H. J. Lindeman for many of the subjects. During the present month of December the vineyards of the colony present a moot interesting stage in the culture of the grape. The foliage is now in its prime, the strong shoots have been tied and trained, the tiny nowers nave set, ana tne tutare nuncnes or luscious berries are beginning to form. A general view of a typical vineyard is given in fig. 14, which represents Cawarra, on the Paterson River, Messrs. Lindeman's fine property. The present season, so dis astrous by rerson of its exceptional dryness to cereal and hay crops, has proved most beneficial to the grape vine. Seldom has the foliage, now so brilliantly green, been freer from mould, blight, oidiura, or insect pest. However, no relaxation of precautions will be allowed by the careful vigneron. Sulphuring to destroy oidium must proceed as usual. Tillage between the rows of vines cannot be neglected, and the vigilant eye of the vine-dresser will detect wliere a shoot wants tying up. It is estimated that the labour of one man suffices for every 12 acres of vineyard, but at vintage time the services of old and young are obtained. Children provided with scissors pick the ripe clusters aud are generally paid by the piece at the rate of 2d per basket, and in some cases the vintagers are hired by the day. Men furnished with large baskets take the contents of smaller ones to the. carts, which stand in the intersecting roadways. At Cawarra, on the Paterson River, shown in fig. 1 1, the men have large baskets strapped to their backs, and they are familiarly called ' donkeys.' Whenever a picker requires a basket to be emptied, the cry, 'Hi, donkey!' speedily brings the donkeyman to the spot, the vines being planted in rows too close to permit of a wheeled vehicle traversing them. The busy scene at vintage during the month of February and March is admirably shown by our artist, Mr. Hall Thorpe, in . fig. 1. When the grapes arrive at the presshouse (the one at Messrs. Lindeman's Corowa vineyard on the Murray River is shown in Fig. 9) they are lifted in baskets to the upper floor, and the grapes are fed by men into the power- driven stemming and crushing machines shown in fig. 3, which separate the stalks from the berries, aud the latter, falling through a grating, are ruptured on passing between rollers fitted with spikes or pegs. This enables the juice to escape, which, together with broken berries, fails into the 500gal. fermenting vats. It is hers that the yeast fungus, clinging as a bloom on the skin of the berry, feeds upon the sugar of the juice. It multi plies amazingly fast, and with this great activity of life the temperature rises many degrees, whilst the sugar is broken up into alcohol and carbonic acid gas. _ With the increase of ' alcohol and the growing . scarcity of the nitrogenous elements, with wh ch the yeast fupgus builds up its tiny cell in the fermenting juice, the yeast ceases to multiply. It has lived _ its life and finished its life's work, and the sweet juice of the grape has been tr.ausfertcd by its agency into wine. At this stage the vats ore i drained by running the must or new wine into the cellar casks. Since a large quantity of must is re tained iu thi skins and steins left behind in the vats, thevare transferred to the powerful wine-press shown in fig. 4. The two men pulling at the leng lever- exeit an immense pressure. Every drop of must is squeezed out, runniog to cellar-cask*, and the dry mass of skins, now called marc, is thrown to a distaut -. manure heap, where it will in dm time be' applied as a dressing to the soil. The skill of cellar management is displayed in ' the treatment of young wines. Scrupulous cleanliness of every utensil is necessary. Seldom is it that our Australian winumakers have attained to such faultless per fection, yet good wine cannot be made without it. It is in this feature that the brothers Lindeman ex cel. Mr. Arthur resides permanently at Cawarra, and makes the wine there, and Mr. Herbert superintends the Corowa vintage until the young wines have finished the'r working. Afterwards an occasional visit is requisite, so that he is able to assist for the greater part of the year Mr. Charles in the multitudinous operations of the Sydney busi ness. The large casks In which the Lindeman wines are stored are shown in fig. 7, representing the new cellar in Pitt-street, Sydney, at the back of the / \ ? ! A V. 4- riAMtnAtlfllo aAIaAM fpk MAA AA aImm BMAm. —u. ? -1 _ vjrieiiii v/vmjptMjj a uuiues. ± utsoe wants were lutLUU in Sydney of perfectly seasoned Dantzic oak. The staves are steamed for hours and bent to shape. Each joint has to be accurately made. The fiat heads are composed of several pieces dowellcd ? together, and so perfectly jointed that the line .of junction can scarcely be Been, whilst within and without the utmost smoothness of surface is secured by sandpapering. The iron hoop3 are driven by repeated* blows to their desired positions, and the casks compare in every respect with the very best ones made in the old-established wine d is' rich? of Europe. They hold from IGOOgal. to 2'200gal., and are said to be the largest made in the colony under the new system. The lock-up of capital in casks and cellar accommodation can csarcely be believed, the empty casting alone having cost nearly £10,000. The general view of a vineyard cellar is shown in fig. 8, which depicts the one at Corowa, the vineyards of the pioneer of vine culture at C irowa, Mr. J. M. Sauger, and of Mrs. Bladea Neill having been purchased by Messrs. Lindeman. Several rimes a yeir, according to indications thoroughly understood by the cellar manager, the young aud maturing wines are racked or transferred to a clean odsk so as to free them from the presence of the dre, 8 or deposited matter, chiefly composed of tartaric acid, lime, colouring matter, and dead yeast cells. As age advances the astringent tannin disappears, the super abundance of saccharine becomes slowly dim; nisi led, the alcohol is mellowed and volatile ethers are evolved, which provide that indescribable delicacy of aroma known as brnquet. In dne time all wrnes arrive at their prune, and from henceforth they slowly go down the hill. The .rate of deterioration may for years be scarcely perceptible, but at list flavour and bouquet have departed, and the ol I w-ne is b- 1 a ghost of its former self. ' The art of the-wineiiakpr decides when wiues ought to be bottled and biuned away till the period of per fection is arrived at. Placing the wine in glass ren ders the attainment of choice quality mere of a cer tainty than-if the wines had been left to mature in the cask. The cellars, which extend under the Syd ney Exchang', illustrated in fig. 2, are very exten sive, and although 5000 dozen are binned, the demand for Lindeman's wines lenders a more extensive storage necessity. When many wines are about ?from 4 to 6 years old they I may be hurried out into consumptu n, bat if they be kept in bottle for several years, so that when sold -they shall be over 10 years old, as Mr. Lindeman- can testify, the limpidity, softness, and fine bouqnet of very choice European wines are acquired. It stands to reason that the lockup of capital for so long a charged thin when, comparatively speaking, young wmes are sent out. Iu bottling wines it is very necessary to prepare perfectly clean bottles. The supply of bottles is provided by men who collect them throughout the city, aud special shapes are made for the wiue merchants at the gla-s manufac tories. Also, large quantities are imported, as it is impossible to get sufficient in the colony, the sum paid for bottle? by the firm approaching £1509 per annum. At fig. 11 there are shown men at work in the courtyard of the Exchange Cellars washing bottles. The business men who after lunch throng the galleries in the courtyard of the Exchange look down on a mass of tree ferns, but are probably unaware of the busy scene taking place beneath the spreading green fronds. Iu fig. 10 a view is given from the dark cellars of the method of filling the . clean bottles from the cask. In the next illustration,' fig. 12, the process of corking is shown, whereby the cork is compressed, so as to enter the narrow neck with ease, when the plunger, acted on bv the lever arm, forces it in. Fig. 15 represents a busy scene. The bottles are taken from the bins, wiped clean from the dust of years, the proper labels are affixed, and they are placed in baskets for delivery to customers. How they are appreciated, the pleasure they produce, and their happy destiny are gracefully suggested by the artist in the fancy sketch, fig. 13. The city of Sydney, with its delightful natural surroundings and warm, bright, climate would vie with the exquisite open-air pleasure life of the continent of Europe, and more particularly of the cities of the - Mediterranean, were it not that an influence pre dominates to render every attempt to introduce Ihe Continental cate abortive! At the Sydney Inter national Exhibition of 18/8 there was a successful effort made to introduce a truly Continental cafe, but it failed to be appreciated save. by those .who had en joyed the open air life of Pari?,. Visitors to Francs, Italy, Germany, Mentone, , and Vienna can readily picture to themselves what Sydney might become were the charming site of the 1878 Exhibition made into ii second Champs Elysees. May they not also be ex cused Bhould they regard the beer bar of Sydney, with its ntter waut of accommodation, as representing, to say the least, a very primitive stage of civilisation '{ The pure and natural wines of Australia cannot possibly be sipped or appreciated under such unde sirable conditions. Surely there is an opportunity for anyone who desires to pose as a public bene factor, to secure for the citizens of Sydney that re finement of amusement which is so thoroughly under stood by the sons and daughters of sunny France, and secure for us her happy open air life. France is the vineyard of the world. Her vine dressers possess unrivalled skill, and the skilled ex perts of the trade criticise the wine3 of other lands with severity. The wines of Australia have been submitted to them at the Bordeaux Exhibition of 1882, and remarkable praise was in particular accorded to those sent from New South Wales, in that for her red wines the large proportion of five gold medals were awarded. Her foremost vignerons have not, since then, lost their skill, and were they to enter into rivalry _ again with ihe wines of the world a similar shower of golden and silver medals might be expected. There is a cessation just at present of international exhibitions, although the one in Paris foreshadowed for 19 10 will probably bring out some of the remark ably fine wines known to be maturing in New South Wales cellars. Messrs. H. J? Lindeman have, how ever, receatly determined* ft? secure for their wines that appreciation' in.} Britain which their intrinsic merit deservo?. At 25 Panton-street, Hay market, Loiidon, their Mr. Chapman has opened' a wine merchant's office, and all who appreciate their wines in New South Wales will wish them every success. : ? . ? 