THE SINGLETON SPOOK A Phantom Light, ; Crowds of Ghost Hunters. : Chasing the Will o'the Wisp - An Up easy Splrit-Tho Vanished Vickory. Wben Professor Popper's apparition appa- ratus was first exhibited at the qld Poly technic iu London, many yenra ago, every body went about asking everyone else, " Have you eueu the ghust." Indeed, the prevailing curiosity was put into concrete form iu a comic song which dotailed how "On every wall and post, go where you will, it's have yon seen the ghost." That is what is taking place in Singleton just uow (says the Singleton Anous of Wednesday last). For some days South SiDglelon had a monopoly of or a mortgage upon the matter, but tho ghost business has exteuded itself, and is now com mon property. Nor is it- one to be spoken of too . lightly, for persona of undoubted credibility have made statements as to what they have actually seen, which, wanting explanation, point to something very straugo and wondetful in deed, To get back to tho beginning, how ever, and trace out tho ghost so far as pos sible, it may be stated that some years ago a man named Vickory, who bud in his poisession a largo sum of monoy, is alleged to have loft Singioton one nigntfor hiB home by tbo Bulga, and to have been seen for the last time by anyone on earth going down to the river near Fair- cetv'a paddocks. He nover roached bis home, and his disappearance is up to the present moment altogether un accounted for. Since Vickory vanished, however, there have from time to timo been rumors of strange lights and appari tions becoming visible about tho exaos locality in which he was last seen alive. In deed it is baid that a wel -known resident of South Singioton, while walking round the roud there one evening iu the gloaming, overlook, as he thouglit, a personal friend who bad beon walking in front of him. He tapped that personal friend on tho shoulder, ouly to find that his hand met no resistance, but wont through something quite unsub stantial. Uis supposed friend, or tbo wraith or form wnich ho tried to touch, immediately, like the witches, made itself into air and vanished. He stood amazed, and his hair stood on and. He got) away from the spot as quickly as pos- sibU-, but declines to visit it now after dark unless in good company. During tho last month or two it is asserted that strango and mystic lights have been seen hovering about in a paddock near this haunted spot. These lights make their ap pearance at 25 minutes before 9 p.m. ; but, like the railway trains near them, they aro sometimes, though infrequently, not on time, and cauuot be counted on to appear at the exact moment eel down for them in the timo-table arranged for them as tho result of popular observation. Ou Friday nig'nt last, howevor, a ligbt of an inexplicable nature was certainly Been by persons whose in tegrity in the matter is quite beyond suspicion. A party of six or seven, including Mr. Playford aud his son, and Mr. Moran, employees at the railway sta tion, went towards Abboy Green to watch for the light or lights, and their watch was not unrewarded. At tho honr ex pected a light suddenly mado its appear ance in a pnddoslc noarly opposite the cemetery. When first seen, tho lighs was about the sizo of that which would bo emitted from a hand lautern, but different from that kind of illumination in appear ance, being sotnowbat tbin and difiused, without a very definita centre. It was a little above the ground, and moved towards the party of watchers without apparently the aid of any human agency. After it had got within 109yd. or so of the ob servers it stopped, and then they began to approach it, on which a regular will-o'-the- wisp chase bHgau. As the seatchers after the mystio advanced the ligbt, which had gained considerably in size as it ap proached, began to retreat at a rate ex- uctiy regulated by the movoments of the spectators. If they ran it moved very quickly, and kept pace witb them ; if they walked it weut nt a slower rate ; if they stood still it stopped. Finally, after loading them a pretty long chase in the paddock and by tbe river, the mysterious light vanished, and was seen no more that night. Tho spectators returned to town, and tho accounts of what thoy hud undoubtedly " seen " kept all Sonth Singleton in conver sation on Saturday, and by Sunday had got hold in Singleton. On Sunday night a nnmber of peoplo went out " to boo tho ghost," but though they waited long and patiently no ghost walked, no light appearod. On Monday quite 100 personson foot, on horseback and in buggies'went to investigate the appearance of tho phantom light. They waited and waited and scoured tho haunted paddock, but eonld seo nothing. They, however, earned the just remonstrances of Mr. J. Dines, who rents tbe paddock for grazing, and whose cattlo did not upprociate so many visitors. The greater part of tho crowd came back to Singleton and reported that there was no ghost. But it iB-atserted that somo, who romaiuod to a pretty late hour, were rewarded by notioiug a light flickering about tho paddock. And, it must be remembered, that no tnodost or saif-re- epecting ghost wonld feel inclined to make a show of himself for the benefit of a crowd who bad come to sos him urgod by curio sity rut hor than by a deiire to be courteous, aud to aitoud to anything he might hkve to say or to show them. These are the facts conneoted with tho ghost so far, aDd readers can draw their own conclusions from them. 