Tie TWliical Carnival. " Of all the glad Now Year . . the maddest merriest day." THE spasm of insanity that characterized the fancy football contest of last year, was increased tenfold at the stupendous carnival that took place at the Exhibition-building on Wednesday. One missed the rain and the mud. The property ostrich-whose one workable eye ogled man, woman and child alike-was absent, and this year, Mr. Charlie Cogill did not personate Mademoiselle Bartho, with blue spangled tarletan skirts over his trousers, and golden hair, hanging down his back. But there were myriads of other attractions instead. Outside the gates there were flags flying, horses bolting, and the usual assemblage of tatterdemalions. Inside the building 20,000 people struggled and scrimmaged and perspired in the effort to see what was to be seen. Everybody was aimable; every body came with money to spend, and the pale new moon that gleamed out of the delicate blue of th e afternoon sky gave some significance to the wave of madness that was passing over the city. The preparations for the carnival had been made with wonderful completeness, and all arrangements were as per programme. There was interest enough for a lifetime, and wares enough to necessitate the purse of Fortunatus. All was business and bustle and confusion. When a brass band struck up at the entrance, the combined roar was so terrific as to suggest that all Hades was taking holiday, and every little imp was having a whack at the devil's big drum. In the comparative shelter of the pavilion, the uproar outside came in a smothered kind of way that made one think an earthquake was having a scuffle with a dog-fight and getting the worst of the encounter. Mr. Sherrard, towering head and shoulders above his fellows, thought of the crush on the last day of the Centennial Exhibition, and won dered which was the worst. # # # The greatest crush was in the vicinity of Richard son's show, where two separate multitudes jostled and scrimmaged. The wild pictures on the pavilion lured the crowd, and the rush to see Hamlet would have gladdened the hearts of the Shakespeare Society. They would certainly have considered it an indication of a revival of the legitimate drama. Hamlet himself, in the person of Mr. Fred Kaye, came out on the platform and assured the spectators that there was no deception. Close at hand stood the Ghost (Mr. Clifton Alderson) enveloped in what looked like a summer cloud that had acted the part of umpire in a football match. Laertes and the King forsook their places on the stage to interchange pleasantries with the audience, leaving the text to the tender mercies of anyone who chose to embellish it. The preconceived idea that Hamlet is the prin cipal character in the drama of that name might be all very well for Shakespearians, but here it was proved to be entirely erroneous. Hamlet was seated outside on the railing cracking nuts thrown him by the passers-by, waving his wonderful plumed hat, and shrieking " Three Shots a \Penny," while on the stage, inside the' pavi lion, Mr. Bland Holt chivied Hamlet's friends, ,'anc| ordered them on or off to suit his own particular jnotj,ons. When his exhortations failed to have the ' l6oked-for effect, Mr. Harry Monkhouse was at hand j .tx/act the part of " chucker-out." Throughout the performance the voice of the crier outside was heard above the din, " Warkup ! Warkup ! and see the Show!" to an accompaniment of musical instruments used by the Chinese in the late war with Japan. What with the banging and the shouting, the struggling of the crowd to get in, and the deter mined attempts of th« actors to get out, the Carnival version of Hamlet was probably the most remark able on record. # * * Among the noteworthy objects of interest in this neighbourhood was Mr. George Gordon, the popular scenic artist, ivithout his cloak slung over his shoulder. And Mr. Gotdon without his cloak is as surprising as the Baron von Mueller without his comforter. A hundred yards away Mr. John Gourlay, in his Corsican Brothers' rig-up, was ex claiming at the pitch of his lung power, " Only two more seats left I" The ring of regret in his voice prompted a bystander to offer a strange grain of comfort-" Never mind, sonny; you'll have more to-night * . * The Gaiety pavilions were crammed to suffoca tion. Womankind wanted to be waited on by Miss Decima Moore and Miss Gr.ice Palott i, and whether one ate a slice of deal-board or a slab of sponge cake did not signify. Mankind foughb for front places round the stall occupied by Miss Matid Hobson, with such dauntless zeal, that a simp'o minded onlooker who was caught in the m&lee; imagined he had gob enbangled in the missing cyclone. Cigars at two shillings a piece, matches at sixpence a light, and pipes that cost the reckless plunger the whole of his half-sovereign-proved the admirable care that had been taken in the interests of smokers. Pretty Miss Spong was so besieged, that part of the pavilion near her had to be opened to permit of tea and coffee handed out. # # # The glories of the doll-show created such a run that the incoming rush had to be regulated by a "sixpSniiy admissio.i tariff. Even then it was a matter oi^grave difficulty, if not danger, to seethe dolls. If-yotivchose to risk breaking your neck, well and .good-Wii if you hesitated and stood still, you had your tbes".trodden on. The choicle was beauti fully simplfe. Miss Ida Osborne, after safely inveigling someone into/buying two dolls, Oberon and Titania, for a guinea;, j^pnsidered she had done her duty, and ran off to get a mouthful of fresh air. Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis expatiated on the merits of the collection outside the pavilion. With her stood Mrs. Palmer and Mr. Armes Beaumont, all discussing the doll question with as much ardour as if it were the income tax. Mrs. Bland Holt flitted from one tent to the other, .followed by a string of ad mirers of all ages and sexes. Many people considered her the best-dressed woman there. A row of Japanese ladies sheltered themselves in a pagoda, while a lusty- lunged salesman outside bawled English doggrel at the mystified throng in front of the window. On all sides sounded one re frain-" Sixpence a chance-prize five shillings." The human mass that struggled round Richardson's show were either carried forward to the quadrangle outside, where a gush of cold air made them think they had suddenly made an impromptu discovery of the north pole, or to the concert hall, where music held sway, and they found a haven of rest " Mr. Marshall Hall is to give a Wagnerian concert," explained a theatrical guide. " I don't mind" answered a lady, seating herself wearily " I can stand anything after that" nodding her head in the direction of the Avenue of Nations. Presently a troupe of acrobats in their professional get-up, filed by. "Ah," said the observing fair one, "I suppose that's the Wagnerian orchestra!" "No," objected her friend "the Wagnerian business is outside-don't you hear the row!" # * # IT is presumable that a football match took place in the quadrangle-nobody saw it, but there was such tumultuous cheering among the men who|sat on the fence, that something of the kind must have been happening. The stragglers in fancy dress provided edification enough, while outside, as well as in, the air was charged with a continual " Try your luck j only another chance left!" # * # Those who were disappointed in seeing-or rather not seeing the sports - betook themselves to wandering aimlessly back among the pavilions, when whatever remained in the way of petty cash speedily disappeared, thereby giving pungency to the familiar argument concerning the depreciation of silver. Heads were lost as well as hearts, but it really did not signify-it was all part of the pro gramme. And when six o'clock came and it was all over-what remained ?-Merely the same ever pre sent melody-the echo of a dream, " The last chance left," " Won't you try your luck." THE Nordeutscher Lloyd Imperial German Mail is said to be the largest steamship company in the world. It has a capital of about .£4,000,000 and its fleet consists of eighty-two steamers of an aggregate tonnage of 240,000 tons besides.tug-boats. The staff consists of 8,000 men. The traffic comprises twenty two separate lines, eight of which are European, the remainder trading between Germany and America, Eastern A»ia and Australia. 