"ALL MEN ARE LIARS." Pulluhed 1>y Special arrangement with Hatrt. Ward, Lode Bowden, Ltd. ["Ali EIGHTS 8E8CBVED.] CHAPTER XVL C0KBEKT MORAllTr. JOSEPH HOCKING, AUTHOR OF •Andrew Fairfax," "Ishmael Pengelly," &0,, &0, "Ee not righteous overmuch: . . ge D„t overmuch wicked, neither bs thou loolish"—Solomon. Xbe Colonal looked at his eon-in-law for a {ew ccconds, aa though he were in doabt bow to prooeed; then he said loudly— " Ah, Stephen Temple, my boy; I came to tell yon—came to Fettle things. This is a very bad slate -of affairs; I don't like it, I hive said so to Isatella dozens of times. I should like^to be alone for a few minutes with you." "Gentlemen,"-! said, "there is another room at our disposal, if you will be good enongh to follow me." ' "Thank yon, thank you, young Daniel, tbst is Br Raberts, and Mr—Mrlfiord ; so. tony to trouble yon. I hope to see yos sgain in a few minutes; especially do I want to have a chat-with Bdgoumhe." As it happened, however, neither 61 us saw the Colonel anv more that night; bat Stephen told me what had taken place. " I—I came "with my daughter's—that is —consent," began the Colonel. Yes," said Stephen; '* why has she not answered my letters ?"' " Oh, young people* will be young people. Why, even old fellows like I am get a bit huffy now and then. When we don't get our own way—ha, ha I' and the Colonel laughed uneasily. Stephen did not reply, fcst waited. "Isabella is'a'Tempest," went on the Colonel, " and she' has a temper ; all the Tempests have, I'm glad of it. Well, Stephen Temple; die tiiin't like your— nonsense, neither did.I. - And although my girl is breaking her heart for you, she th nks yon haven't treated her well, and her Tempest pride says you most make eome— some—that is—concessions." What concessions !" "Jest like a lawyer. Siephen Temple, you nail me right-down to one point. Well, she only wants you to be reasonable, and— and—yon can be now—easily." Fes; howl" "Well, my friend Elgoumbe has weathered the storm, and has brought his ship safely into harbonr. Isn't that poetical —eh ? Well, he's a rich man again, -to all intents and purposes, and no doubt will give you a good allowance. After, all, I m almost glad you acted as you did, and I ve said since, ' Stephen Temple was-wise after all;' it wouldn't have been safe to take an allowance then, with all those—those—pesky bankruptcy proceedings pending. Bat now it s all over. Yon can have a good allowance again; and when that is arranged, you —you oan take your wife to your heart onoe more, and—and be—be happy. Come sow, whstdoyoueayl" At first Stephen was staggered by the barefaced audacity of the man; he could hardly understand how he eonld talk so. " Am I to understand, then, that if my ende will give me a good allowance, Isabella 1 Kill oonsent to oome baok to me ?" "i'es, dear boy. We want to see yon tippy, both ~Edgcambe and L Elgoumbe promised an allowance when—when we parted some months ago, and I know he is willing to renew his offer now everything is settled. Come now, say yes, and I'll order a bowl of punch on the strength of it." " And is this the only condition on which Isabella will oome baok to me T" " Why, of course. You couldn't expeot Enraeila, a Tempest, and the wife of a Temple,"—here the Colonel expanded his chest—" to go into lodgings and slave like the daughter of any Dick, Tom, or Harry. No, Stephen Temple; family is family, and blood is blood. Isabella Tempest Temple Edgcumbe must do nothing unworthy her name; she must live like a lady wherever she goes. I am a poor man; bat, think God, I've taught her the rights of a lady." " Which is most worthy the rank of a ladyf asked Stephen; "to live in comparative Juxury on moaey to whioh ehe has no right, or to live in comparative poverty on money honestly earned T' "What do yon mean!* asked the Colonel. " What right have I to an allowance from my uncle?" asked Stephen. "He hai not paid his creditors more than a third of what be owed them.' 1 " The whole matter has been settled at a court of law; the law has passed judgment," replied the Colonel, "and thus IMgcumbe is free." . " The law hu nothing to do with it. Whatever the law says, he owes this money ; it does not belong to him, but his oreditors." ' I respect the majesty of the law," replied the Colonel '-True, I don't like these baokruptoy prooeediogs ; they areare—veil, infra dig.; but tne affair is over; and what jonr uncle has now, is bis own. Come now, Stephen Temple, you want your wife, and your wife wants yon. I«t OB settle things amicably." " I do want my wife/' said Stephen ; but if she will come unAer no other conditions than these, I most remain as I am." ' "So you mean to say yon will not take ibis money ?' Certainly not," The Colonel turned purple. " Refuse a thousand a year ?" he gasped. "Certainly, if it is not my own, and does not cc*™ 10 me fairly." " " . *' Voa- ~ von blackguard 1" he cried. " You maiTv W dan^itor. Ton take her awayfromhome. low-livedscoundrel, V d ° o n % " 5 *:l wi l 1 o nI y too gladly welcome her come as a wife should." " A Tempest come baok to lodg. , u yon can give her 1" shouted the Coly. "never! A pretty sense of honour yoa'tv, got, to marry a wife and then expeot her lather to keep her." . . "You know it is a lie, 1 " ssid Stepben. " Ever since she left, I have sent her, as yon, know, every farthing I CO old scrape to-, tether." " A paltry trifle!" " It was all I had," sa^d Stephen; " and certainly not too sma'l a mm .for yoii Jto accept. Come, Colonel, don't make sit think woree of you than I think already.' Have some sense of honour!" " You say this to me l" gasped "the CJonel; " botyoa'shall suffer Tor it. But I'll no longer breathe such polluted air." A little later Stephen called as baok again,; and I knew from his pale, blanched faoe hov keenly he had been suffering. He never said anything thatnight, however, and shortly after both his tmdle and Iilford took, their leave. " Look here, Stephen," aaid-Sford, before they left; " don't your life more miserable than yon can help. Mske the best of this dirty world, my lad. GJ into society and drink what pleasures It has. Give up these foolish Ideals of yours, accept facts, and mske the best of them.'' "Thank you," ssdd Stephen; and then he held out his hand to his nnde. '* ';., "I shall give you no advice." aaidJQuke ; "you know what I think; and whatl will gladly do for you f' and I couldn't Iu3p seeing a look of real affeotion shining out of the cynic's ejet. • "' •'•' For some time "after "this I thought 1 aaw a slight change for the better in'my friend. Tost is, he lookctd liapj^erJ j He'tseennato forget his dark^-gloomy forebodings, and was ^omnjon, anlll wa. Clspham Qmw* I ?piikau ptW* Stephen to people I knew and hid n interested them in him that on one or two occasions when they had invited me to their homes,.an invitation had also oome for .my friend. Up to thil time be bad refused them; bat when one day—about a fortnight after bis uncle's visit I showed him a letter containing an invitation to a gathering at a house at Ciapham Common'both for myself and him, he told me te would be very glad to accompany me. Accordingly, on the evening in question, we started for Ciapham Common. On onr way I called to see a patient who lived in one of the streets at the back of Qaeen's Road. 'She was an old woman nearly t eventy years of age, and was troubled a great deal with bronohitia. Although "the spring was now advancing, it was very cold,' sand 1 had told ber that if she expected to get better, good fires were essential. When we entered the room- whioh -she occupied—for Stephen wait with me—we fvund her sitting beside the ghost of a fire, having sold, as she told me, anartioleof furniture to buy-cosls.7--. " I was 'bliged to do it," she explained. " and 'twas 'ard; yon see, 'twas bought"by my 'nsband afore ee died. Poor Bill, ee didn't think 'twould oome to this I B it I'm a-goln' to start to-morrow, I am. Two of my old customers hev kept some *things : -f or me«o now, please God, I'll rub on all light till next winter." What do yon do for a living f' asked Stephen: ^— T s « laundress," replied the woman. " To see, I'm not strong •enough- to gb out a-oharin' like I used to, and I takes 'ome the washin', and I does it as I'm able. I've got a good bit behind wi' my rent while I've bin-poorly, and yon know washin' -is'bad for the, bronohitia. Te aee, what/with the •team, and the best indoors, and thai a-takin' bade the things in the cold, 'tit ter'ble tryin\ ter'fcle ; bui summer is comln on now, io I don't mind." = " And how much do you owe for rent?" asked Stephen. • - ~ • ..- •. VI owe four weeks," replied the oV5 woman, " and that at five shiUiu' a week do make'a pound." And how much oan yon earn when yon are In fall work ?" '• Oh, sometimes I make asmuch as twelve ahiQin', but it do seldom get ti more'n ten.*. "Then how will yon manage to pay your back rent V " Oh, III have to do It by littles, I will. My landlord, hev bin patient with me, 'cause I've- bin 'ere so long and paid so rwg'ja**. . I can do all right in the summer.. Irts the winter I dread eo." " Jindbow old are you !" "I wer iixty-nine last Chris f mas. .Too see,I'm not so spry as I was, and my joint* Mhe a goodlsh bit; bat I'm goin' to try and keep out of the big house as long as I can." • " A most respectable old woman,' I said to' Stephen when we left the house a few nutates later. "Sjber and industrious." Ate there many like her ?" he asked. " Oh, -yes, many. Bittersea is crowded with laundry peoplo." And are they all as badly off as she ! ^"llost old people are Tone, Yon aee. shbV sober and aavinf." •'Siring!' he exclaimed. "God have mercy upon them 1 It seems to me -that those who drink and droan their osre are best cff." . - lAttle more was said about the question just then, and, soon after, we reached the bouse of Mis Augustus Prioe. This lady's house-was: exoeeding popular, and that for many reasons.' - F>r»t of all, Mrs Augustus Prioe was very popular. Mr Augustus Pn5s, who hsd befen, when in the flesh, an egg- and Jratber merchant, had left her in possession of a considerable amount of money. Sue had set up an establishment at Kensington, and tried to be n iesdep in fasluooableHOciety; but somshowshe failed. Itilstrne that ber money gained'her admissionto many desirable bouses ; but Bhe did not climb to the position she wanted. She therefore removed to CUpham Common, where, although the people were not so highly connected as those in Kensington, she established herself ss a queen of a Certain order." Mrs Prioe, who was about thirtyfive years of sge, prided herself upon having many unconventional idea " I'm original, or I'm nothing," she often said; and so the sought to maintain her reputation by making her house a rendet oousfor people holding all shades of opinions. And «uoh is the power of gold, - aooompanied by an amount of beauty, shrewdness, and audacity, that she accomplished what she desired. «• X'm a woman of open mind," she said, WhaVare opinions! A matter of temperament, 'education, and associations. All sorts of opinions shall be represented at my honse." And, true to her word, all sort" ot opinions were represented there. Toe High Cnuroh vicar and the Ktdical Dissenting parson met there; and, although each hated the other's ways like poison, thev pocketed their* dislike and accepted Mrs Pace's -invitation, not cuing to mak-J an enemyof a lady who gave such delightful dinners, «nd whose cheques were so acceptable. _ The Saodall't also sat' at her table, providing he Vere sufficiently respectable, as well «n the rigid Conservative. Tfleosophuts, atheists, agnostics, frocked curates, afidbelievfrs in »U aorta of New Jerusalem* received Mrs rrioe'e invitationa. - * Let tbem be clever, well eduoated, well dressed, and—respectable," Mrs Prise would siy, "and the more curious their opinions the better. They give life, interest; they are like a dash of absinthe in bad water." Mrs Augustus Price's gatherings, then, were of a cosmopolitan nature; and, as I expected, when Stephen and <' arrived, her house was fnll of people holding very diverse opinions. "Stephen immediately made a good impression on our hostess. She saw in an instant that he was clever, and his fins, interesting face, added to what I had said to her concerning him, won her interest immediately. ••You've been asked in a most nnronventlonal way, Mr' Ejgoombe," she said ; • but then I'm an unconventional woman—^ infant, I hate what's supposed to be proper. Soyoull find people here holding all sorts of views, bat mostly they are people of — brains. In fact, whatever else_ I can dispense with, I cannot dispense with—brains.- Money I care little about, social position doean t trouble me, but brains—I adore I So I try and make my gatheringi {easts of raasoo. TfaereH be littie or no dancing, and that kind of tiling ; but«mveisatioa on art,' solenoe, literature, and—religion—all aorta of it, ypu know." * " JKltthe ipeedh to belond, andnot in ©f taste; bat Mrs Price was a-fine- 1 . voman, and she smiled Very sweetly. Sl^v" * who seemed to appreciatpjier on Stephen, . - - . > weloopie. -^ng restraint at Mrs -Certainly the™ - ^ ^ were chatting Bnce ajipuse. The > ^-^ra was not of very freely. and theconvej-- -i, jn a natnre which one too often no- . gatherings.- . Society small talk wa. * ^ disoonnt. As onr hosteies had said, t. . people had brilns. Juod thus muuo, pictures,', politios, and books were discussed with a ereid'fleal of clevemes?. " , ^wBia;t5o7"fo seelhat my tnend Vas. appreciated in the circle. For my o m part J was never a gifted talker, and I wondered, why Mr Prioe oared to have me;,but I soon saw that Stephen would become a favourite.' Before long l notioed him in earnest oonversation with a young lady, whom I cannot detoribe better than by saying ehe was straw- coloured- - Her hair was rtrawotAoursd, Inolading her ^slashes and eyebrows, her akin was straw-ooloured, and tbe trimmings other aress were straw-ooloured —Jn faot, that was the ahief charactenstic about her appearance. .. • "I never go Into ordinary society during Jjent," she said, "and of coarse we are in the middle- of Lent now. I wouldntgoto • tl e As or to a dance for the world during tent, yon know, although I adore theatres and'dances, as a general thing. Bat, of course, Mrs Price's evenings are different; they fkre *«> serious, so intelltotual, yon know. and we talk on all subjectB seriously." ; - *.« Are yon * Citholic!'* AOatolic," but not a Bomab Catholia irbelong to the ' Anglican Church, St Msrj ! the Rev. Mr Cross, is here to-night, and 1 be'ieve our -vioar, the Rev. Canon Tovely, is coming presently, eo you see Tm quite safe." '' Oi, yes, quite eafe," said Stephen with • a smile. ' Isn't it delightful to see snoh trust and faith in onr spiritual pastors and masters Mr E jgoumbe ? * said some one close to hhn. Stephen turned and saw a man about fifty, with blear eyes and an iron and grey moaBtaohe, who had been introduced to him aa Mr Hunter. " Ddlightfui, indeed," responded Stephen. : ' Not that I am guilty of auoh trust and faith myself." laughed the man, with a leer ; " but I appreciate it in those «ho do, especially in Miss Coolie;" and he bowed to the straw-ooloured yonog lady. "I'm a sad rake myself,' he went on; "but perhaps I'll be converted at the eleventh hour—ha, haP Before he ooald reply, aloud voice arrested his attention, and it was the voice of a 'woman. : "The great thing needed," she said, "is that our social laws be reformed. For my own part Im a Socialist, and I'm proud of being one. Sorely it caunot be right that three millions of people should be left uncertain of the absolute necessities of life, while hereditary landlords revel in wealth they have never earned." " Oh," said Mr Hunter, "oar fur friend, Mist Dart, is at it again." " 1 have jn«t been reading reports on the; dwellings of the poor,* -and the condition of things is terrible, ieniole in the extreme. Seven, eight, and sometimes a dosen people living in one small room. This must be remedied." " What would you suggest ?" aiked some one. " Would it not be well if -you set an example by spending a few thousands on model cottages? 'Yon -might immortalise yourself at the same time." • Ho, indeed,' said Misi Dart. ' What is wanted, and what lies at the root of the evil, is the lact that the ground is not sufficiently taxed. Nay, 1 am, -after all, dealing tupertiaially. What is wanttd is that landlordism shall be destroyed. - Land-' lords who have a olearj right to the land to be oompensated, of course." Miss Dart ia a stockbroker's daughter," said the Kev. Mr Coss to Stephen; " she is a Socialist and a Dissenter. Her lather made -money -by being sharper on the Exchange than other people, and by taking advantage of other men's weakness and ignorance:*-' •- - - ' Dinner was announced, -and Stephen sat next to Miss Dart, who seemed pleased at having him for a companion. "Of course yon are« Socialist, Mr Elgcumbe!'she said qaestioningly, after soup bad-been served, "I hardly know." replied Stephen. "You see, Socialism is a subject_with serious istues. How do you define it?" •'Oh, the land being nationalized; railroads, coal-mines, gas-works, and all thoie things made the property of the people ; the House of Lords abolished, and all members of the Commons.paid. I should insist on payment of -members, or how can ve have proper repieientation, Mr E igcumbe ? E rerybody happy, and just a lovely time together." \- "It is a beautiful picture, no doabt," said Stephen, "only there is the fact of human natnre that comes in." " On, I trust the people. I'm a friend of the people, and I perfectly dote on the working man, Mr Kdgoumbe—perfectly dote on him, We 'had -one speaking at the Advance Club last night, and he spoke splendidly. Oh, yes, I love the working man; doa't you, Mr Elgoumbe ? " I'm afraid I'm behind the times, Miss Dart; but I'm glad to see yon so enthusiastic;" and he gave her a looi which was sot lacking in admiration. \- 8ho Trail-mrtninlj- rithw hMni""" A She was "not tall.'but well formed, and finely developed. > Buxom and healthy rather than graceful, she was still fascinating- She was handsomely dressed too, and on her fioge'S flashed costly .rings, while on her ntok hang a diamond neotlaoe. "I am glad I- have met one so fall of sympathy towards the poor. It so happens I am interested in a poor old woman j use at present. No doubt you will be able to go and see her;" and he related the incident which I have described in the early part of tills chapter. "No, Mr -Elgoumbe, no," she said; " that is not my way of working. For my own part 1 don't think much of individual nelp. Clothing societies and soup kitchens are' -mere palliatives; they don't go to the root cf the matter. And nothing oan be done until we destroy the present system of things," ''-And meanwhile the starving must remain starving ! " " Well, you see, we must work in our own way,musn'twe, MrEdgoumbe! Of course jou are in "favour of the abolition of capital punishment i " Stephen shrugged his shoulders; he was getting* little weary of Miss Dart. Before he--eould reply, however, his attention was diverted by a conversation whioh was being carried on at another part of the table. CHAPTER XVTL CNOONVEKZIONAI, SOCIETY. "The man who worahips in the temple of knowledge must carry his arms with him as our Puritan forefarhers had to do when they gathered in their first rode meetinghouses."—Olives Weedell Holmes. ••Yes," said a gentleman, who I after wards learnt was a leader-writer for one of the daily papers, and whose voice had attracted Stephen's attention, "there is no doabt abont women having their rights. _ • hope the men will be getting theirs soon." •< Men have always had their rights, bat women are being emancipated at last," responded Miss Dart. "Even young girlstoday are taking an interest in serious things."" "Taking an interest, my dear young lady—taking an interest; they are among the most important faotois of our times." "And perfectly right." „ " On, doubtless. The world has suffered too long for the want of their experience and inflaence, far too long. Bat things a:e mending; they are taking the place of the old folks altogether; Time was when they were a little patronised. There were books epealally written for young girls, and approved -by the older folks; now, as was suggested in a leader in the Daily the other day, the young girls ooght to sample the libraries and pick oat the books not fit for the old folks to read. And really the suggestion is worth considering Why should the old folks' morals be endsBgered by the books whioh onr girls write and'teadto- day? You see, these old folks mostly believe in the saoredness of marriage, and auoh old-fashioned ideas. Why, then, should hcoks be placed in their hands dealing with these questions ? Of coarse, (Eonld be versed in the seamy aide of thinoa "Od should grapple with marriage -SrSlV. T,-movement of marriage laws, i ^ .^n^'lW should atudvthe life of Abetter still, do S W ^ t h ? SSuge ceremony altogether. Aml of oounleuie'oldfolks should have ench books kept out of thfiir way; they would endanger their X)ld-U»htoned codes." . "" Stephen was " attracted by the hallbantering, hilf-cynical tone of the -speaker, and was a little astonished that the speeoh, caused no surprise ; but thente refleoted on the words of his hostess. She hated uncoa ventiaEty."" ' " '""•' , ••For my part,"add Miss Dart,"Ioo not'aee 'why thoughtfol women should be tiefl < "down to old .oodes of morsli^-. «We ^musfThink otar own thon^its, and adapt ouraelvee to the timet in-which we live. If our"co3es ^e'blgher than those gone before, zurel? the old ones should die ont." ; •-.> Heir,"hear," add's man : whom I liad hot' seen before—a man who Mrs. Price assured me pretended to believe in all creeds, so far as they agreed with his own inclinations. and who 'prided himself upon being called a latltudinirisn. "I mart agree with onr fair friend Miss Dart Ever? age must work ont its own system; every «mntiy most he £uided by what it deems best, re- know of no better plaoe to properly disonss them than in novels. For my part I regard the realistic school of novelists as bung a great boon in onr time." ('Meanwhile," said Mr Helland, the leader-writer, " I think the old folks onght t > ba considered. And so I hope that a tew writers of the Dickens and Sir Waiter Scott order, who take no delight in so-called modem problems, will be allowed te write for these dear, ignorant old people. - 0 aoarse the mental pabulum of onr -young people, especially onr. young girls, must be highly spiced, as they can't be expeoted to erjoy good old love stories; but I do Jilead for the mothers and fathen, who in spite of the spirit of the age, enjoy old-fashioned, healthy romances." : "X<n't Mr Holland old-fashioned?" said Miss Dart to Stephen; " that is, he roems to be; but no one'really knows what his views are." Stephen answered her ai briefly as possible and then turned to Mr Ho land. "Don't you think," he said, "that the kind of literature-istned is altogether a matter of supply and demand ?" "I suppose eo. The ory'iB for realism. The oritios laugh at books not rea'istio ; the modern young lady throws aside the books not realistic. And so-called realism generally means dirt." "And the publishers?" • - "Thepublishers prodnoe that whioh wili eelL They a-c business men, and they respond to the call of the novel-reading publio, which consists mostly of women—young women." "Then the call of young women is for dirt?" "Delightfully frsnk," said Mrs Prioe; " bat I do like frankness." " Bat cruelly oorreot," said Mr Holland. " We move forward, you aee," said Mrs Prioe. "This ia a truth-loving age, and we will have truth at whatever cost. Certain things exist, whether we know them or not. How can they be removed unleas they are brought to light 7" "Excuse me," said Stephen, "bat do realistic writers describe-oeitain phases oi life for the purpose of reforming them? Are they not spoken of as necessary accompaniments of our existence, and the natural outcome of oar natures ?' "Yes," replied Mr Holland, "the modem. society novel is delightfully free from moral purpose. You Bee, moral purpose ia inimioal to art, and the moment * writer condescends to point a moral he is regarded aa a bore. Oh, you know we must have art, whatever becomes of morals. Art, as interpreted by a certain olique, is the god worshipped in literary coteries, my dear friendsand Mr Holland's grey eyes twinkled; "if ever you write a novel-that is to be sucoessfol, you must bow the' knee to the oritios' ideas of ART." " And morals f suggested Stephen. - " My dear sir, who troubles about morals ? Did not Mr Berry man tell ns j art now that morals were but mere questions of taste, age, education, and nationality—mere trifles, in faot; but art—of coarse art as popularly understood, never changes." A sally of laughter was the response to this speech, but I aaw by Stephens faoe that he saw no reason -to laugh... .His intense nature, whioh had been darkened by his experienoei, was deeply moved by this talk. And what kind of a moral condition does this prove ? what of the general condition ol the people whose tastes lie in this direction ?" he asked. • I saw a general shrug of the shoulders, and then Mr HoHand replied— "L)gio is a bid thing, Mr Edgcambe; never trouble with logic. Don't you see where it will leal you ?' The conversation w«s becoming more and more painfully interesting, to Stephen. To many wbo aat at the table the quests cias discussed meantnothing. True, anything sightly novel was interesting to them^especially ii it had a tendenoy to destroy existing oodes; but as far as the deep, vital issues were concerned, there was little but indifferenoe. Indeed, I am inolined to think that the ordinary diner-out, to whom such questions' give the necessary relish to an evening's gathering, never tronbles himself deeply. ' • Lit us hsve things aa highly fl tvored as we oan," is his cry ; but he has no idea how his statements affect sensitive, earnest men and women. For my own part I knew that Stephen was going through an ordeal, and I felt almost sorry that I had been the means of bringing him to this boose. However, 1 could do nothing bat wait and see what would follow." However," went on Mr Holland, "things will be all right shortly. The women claim now that it is their work to reform that quintessence of iniquity called man. She says—and by ' she' I mean the emancipated woman—that she is in the majority. In the past, men have made onr sooial codes, but in the future they will be made by women. In the past men have governed the women; in the future women will govern the men. Ah, those will be glorions times 1 Onoe let women's views, as expressed in society novels, become factors in our legislation, and the milenninwi will oome. I hope I may sot live to iee that day, mnoh as I admire the fair sex; but then, you see, I sun an old-fashioned man." "For my own part," said Stephen, a flash wipwtHwj, his faoe, "I trust, and I am trying to believe, that yon are mistaken. I remember I had a mother; and if I loet faith in the parity of womanhood—life would be —different." "Mr Edgcambe, hold fast to your be liefs," said Mr Holland. " I too, remember tiat I had a mother,—and I. enshrine my ideal." " We are getting quite sentimental," said Miss Dart. 1 Quite," said Mr Hunter; "only unfortunaf e'.y idea'-s were born in Utopia, and I suepeot our mothers were like creatures to the fur sex of to- day, only—more humdrum. No donbt a pink of propriety looks nice in a picture, but she's awfully alow and uninteresting. For my own part, X'm glad there is a little wiokedness in the world j it gives zest, and something to talk about." There was a hideous leer on thi man's faoe as he spoke, whioh betokened him to bo what be was—a libertine at heart; bat his speeoh went unchallenged, save for a feeble rejoinder from the onrate, to which scant respect was paid. That gentleman left immediately afterwards, however, pleadbten veryunoomfortable through the dinner, but I eaw that he had and seemed altogether ont of bis element The talk of the men over their wine read not be related here; at the some time I saw that it affeoted Stephen. The anbjeot was the frailty of women, instanced by; certain actresses and well-known names in certain phases of society. Nothing brutally plain was said, but by prurient suggestions and innuendo these men expressed their ideas oonoeming morality. Stephen said nothing, bat I saw how keenly be listened, especially as Mr Hunter sneered at those men who " believed in the sex.". • When we joined the ladies, several of them were chatting, while Miss Co-ilie, the atraw-oolouredyonngiady, sang a song. _ " I suppose ynn know that Miss Coolie is tobs married shortly ?" said Miss Dart to Stephen, who took a seat by her aide. "No; who is the happy man? «> Mr Hunter." * « Mr "Hunter I" _ "Yes; an yon surprised? Ht/s a very good nstch.-" . - ' "Butslie told ®e she was a communicant at soma High Oiaroh sear here. She gave me the, impression that she was-a very religious yoSg lady. That wouldn't go to a theatre or a danoe during Lent, and so O D " 'Oh, yes, she's vsry religious. Orthodox, yoa know. Tin religious myself, only not 1 ke her, I take a great interest in modern tbought, and I belong to the broad «fcoti whioh believes io destroying the jxagh I .xpect I subscribe*, the hrosd- thinUng Unitarian school, the tmdenqy of which is towards agnosticbm. That «eem« the drift of all thorghtfiJ people_now-a-days, But Misi Coolie is veiy orthodox, and very hlgh. GoestoeadvSaorament*nd all that, yon know, and fsats4m tbe proper days, and Is quite a Ci nrih devotes.'! . ; | " But Mr Huntris—Is——' ••But Miss Coolie doesn't know that— that- " . " Of course she knows, everybody knows ; but then he's a good satoh, and it is regarded as quite the thing." And then, as Miss Coolie stopped singing, the conversation drifted into other channels. (To be continued J 