THE LATE MR. WORTH. (2 Dally News.") The great matt-milliner of First. Mr. Worth, is dead. It is an event : France dresses the world of womankind, and he dressed France. We talk of world-wide influence : wherever this man went, If to the farthest limits he saw one-half of the human race trying to live up to his ideas. The bravery of the belle of the village was but one of' his skirts in the rudimentary stage of imitation. He would have found dim traditions of his latest bodice in the Steppes. His studio must not be called a shop-was in the Rue de la Paix ; his splendid villa at Suresnes. The last was one of his rewards for having dressed Paris during the most brilliant period of the Empire. It had all the charms of country and town. One room was wholly tiled, so to speak, with porcelain of price, let into the walls to form a series of matchless genre pictures in the great styles of ceramic art. The boudoir was upholstered in real lace. The extensive grounds contained tiny chateaux appropriated to each of the sons and the artificial ruins in the garden had come straight from the Tuileries after the Commune. The great man had bought Hiern season lot In marble and wrought iron. But he remembered the time when he had seen them in all their pride of place as he went to take orders at the Palace. The patronage of the Tuileries made his final one, and he was faithful to the traditions of loyalty which It Involved. He shook his head over the Republic to the last. His great grievance against it was that li constituted no definite agency for starting a fashion. You did not know where you were, for want of a leading lady. Now, it was all comparatively simple in the time of the Empress, though not quite so simple as some people think. The question of starting a fashion, he would say, in his more expansive moments, was essentially a delicate one. You could not afford to risk failure With your Sovereign. The fashion could not become the fashion until it had received the stamp of' her approval. Yet, at the same time, she was not the Utting object of the first experiment. When you had hit on a probable idea, and had, as it were a scheme of the composition In your mind, the next thing was to induce one of the ladies of the Court to try the effect of it in public. The lady must be " sympathetic" at the outset. It would be safer to. have several schemes ready, and several ladies. The costume that found most favour with the crowd would be the one to submit to the final verdict of the Sovereign. When she had worn It, It had already, as the French say made his proofs, and there was no risk of defeat. By such politic arts does a tippet go the round of civilisation. In this perfect ness of contrivance consisted the real greatness of the man he was not primarily a milliner. He was a diplomatist and a ruler of women, which includes, of course, the master- ship of the other sex. No persons in that position are in the first place, men of technique. M. de Lesseps was not a great engineer, only a real manager of mankind. Mr. Worth did not work with the scissors or the needle and thread and probably he had many a " ghost" in the cupboard to relieve him of the labours of Invention. He may not have designed every dress, but he knew how to launch It. Some said that his glory ended as it began, with the Empire, and that he had-a too flamboyant manner to suit the sobriety of Republican taste. It was feared that the foreigners had spoiled the purity of his style, is a knowledge of their tongues Is held to spoil the purity of the Idiom. That is as it may be. The main point is that he was the man of his hour. He owed everything to his will and his business capacity. This explains the seeming miracle that he, an Englishman by origin and tastes, was for so long the arbiter of French elegance. The simply carried English business methods into a particular branch enterprise. He would probably have cut canals or built cities with as much skill as he " bulli" dresses. There was still something of the miracle in his adaptation to his environment. He became a thorough nmn-mllllner. This was his extraordinary In one of his Lincolnshire breeding or anything in the history of eminence.-. For the French man milliner Is wholly distinct from anything else of the kind in the world. He is an artist and a despot combined, and within his four walls he reigns supreme. The great dressmaking house of the day In Pin is is a rendezvous of fashion, a studio, a council chamber of affairs anything but a shop. Clients have to be introduced, and to learn to esteem the introduction as a privilege. They do not come to give orders, but only to join In consultations. They are expected to show a becoming deference to the opinion of the adviser, and to proceed rather by remonstrance and suggestion that by command. They are subjects fora composition, and until they appear in the studio light, the man milliner himself, like the poet before an effect of nature, hardly knows what he is going to do with them, they waits for the impression, the happy pose, the conclusions drawn from the first swift rush of effect in complexion, shape, and the character of the whole personality. According to these, and to the felicity of his inspirations, be strikes out his loading idea The main lines of Uw composition are at once laid down and when those have been approved, the practical part W left over for another sitting. All the whims of the artist have to be allowed for his waywardness his abrupt t Inniges of manner, his tumultuous outpourings of now inspira- tion seas he so c This work growing under his hands. In all this. Mr. Worth was admirable. He think the door of his atelier like a Carolus Duran delivering a peripatetic lecture to a group of trembling art regiments. There should have been a shorthand writer under the table to pro serve his savings' as a set of lectures on taste. He thought nothing of cancelling a frock if it failed to please Ililli-oft?n for no fault of its own when he saw it in actual wear. He has been known to banish a whole trousseau from his sight. The workings of his spirit were sometimes as those ed' the Ciunnean Sybil, ('gorillas never know the meaning of the autocracy till they sat at his feet! Had he needed a motto, "C'est mem- plaisir" would,^ii*<i^»jrr<ei34jlíf-*M<ir.*-tlls whims were "veil i iii red and Indeed, they formed part of the destruction of the sitting. The sisters lived by faith : they know that it was for their good, and that all would come right in the end. Their (Grant had gone through much trouble. When he had built the beautiful house at Stirosi'os. and stocked it with all that was choices!, there came the war and the Commune, which 1 brea tended him with bankruptcy, and his palace with ile.striii'Uon. lie lay right under the guns during the bombardments, and a misdirected shell, or one too well directed, would have been the bull in the china shop. Nothing very serious happened, and he went back after the struggle' to revive the social life which he had lived before us. He gave great parties, and according to the legend, probably no more than a legend, he sometimes compounded for an unpaid bill by the presence of a person of distinction at his dinner table. That may or may not have been true. What is true is that. like all persons in high places, he had a keen sense of the vanity of earthly grandeur. In his grounds there was an inscription in good old English verse, which likened life to an inn. Some came to stay for a night and some for a longer time, but all de- part sooner or later, and the ever changing scene knows them no more. The humours of misreporting are probably Inexhaustible, but the Scots- man gives rather a good one. It refers to Lord Wriothesley Russell, who was a rector in Buckinghamshire, and also Canon of Windsor. Late In life he be came a teetotaller, and announced the fact to a temperance meeting at Windsor. He said his reason for supporting total abstinence was that for forty years, as a parish clergyman, he had been trying to cure drunkards by making them drink in moderation, but had never once succeeded. The Windsor paper said " the noble and rev. lord gave as his reason that for forty years he had been trying to drink In modera- tion, ' but had never once succeeded' !" As showing the need for core In selecting nothing but the prices of articles for sale in the London market, a home correspondent to one of the Melbourne journals wrote at the end of February as follows :-" The turkeys ex Maori King are still hanging in poulterers' shops in the market, and never a bad can the salesmen get for them. With fine young Italian turkeys, which are almost equal to Norfolk birds, selling retail at 9d per lb.,' there is not much chance of getting rid of these skinny old Australians, and they will probably hang until the sanitary Inspector condemns them as unfit" for consumption." A minister's wife has been reading a paper In London lately which gives a few wrinkles to young ladies thinking of becoming helpers in the Church through the matrimonial door. Among other things the lady discusses " how to keep the house of a gentleman and soldier on the wages of an artisan ; how to dress like a lady on nothing a year ; how, out of three pounds a week, to subscribe to the charities and always have something for the relief of distress ; how to prevent bores from enter- ing her husband's study in the morning how to smooth down the ruffled feathers of the ladies of the congregation who fancy they have been socially slighted by other ladies of the congregation : how to smile on people who tell her they don't approve of her husband's sermons ; how to do the work of a curate and be, at the same time, a model wife and mother." There was an interesting episode at a meeting of the Welsh Land Commission a few days since. Mr. Thomas Perry, lecturer on agriculture at the University College of Wales, was the witness. "There used to be," said Professor Rhys to him, " a superstition In Wales that butter was at times be- watched, and could not be properly made. (Laughter.) Does that superstition still prevail ?" " I find it to prevail very extensively," was the reply. " Does It prevail now V" " No," was the reply. " Have you killed it ?" asked the professor. " Well, we have not killed the witch with the poker-(laughter)-but we have shown the dairymaids that on hot days they should not begin to make butter when the cream was like satin. (Laughter.) They commenced by making soup Instead of butter." " Issue," said the professor, " they still believe in the witches ?" " No," said the witness: " we convinced them on hot days by means of the barometer. (Laughter.) We have done away with the supersti- tion in the dairy farms." " Well," re. joined Professor Rhys, " in that alone you have done a great deal of good." 