IN TRAINING. HOW FOOTBALLERS WORK WHILE AT PLAY. FITTING THEM PHYSICALLY It seems strange thnt there should he pooplc in Melbourno who are un aware of the fact tlmt iu order to be come a first-class -player a footballer has to undergo a strict tr&Iniug.; Never- theless. it is true that thousands arc completely iguornnt of the fact, while tens of thousands who know "thnt footballers do soniethiug In tlml line" don't know what that something is exactly, or how it Is done. Before n big foot toll mn tcli Is played, there Is a vast amount of. work, solid nud muscle making, to, be done by those whose performances on the day of the strug gle are watched by crowds of excited and anxious people. ' , It Is au iutercstiug:slgUt Xa. «CQ Jio.w this training 'is carried on, and what It consists- of. In view of the recent corresiwndence in "The Herald'' on the subject, of the coudltlon of the. Mel bourne team In the match ngnluat the- Geclong'twenty, tut article on this head will tiot lie put of plnce.' Take, for tn- stuuee, the Melbourne team, thnt. being the lending twenty of Melbourne. They nre a carefully trained combination, and arc kept. well ttp'to tlm collar In the tmiulng.roouiB by/ Jeju iMltcbell aud Ids assistant, J.-WlHctnun. Two days a week— Tuesdays and Thursdays —are set apart '.for regular nud'syste- tuatic.tmiuiug. ' In tho cnrly purt of the season the trainer experiences the hardest-part of his toll, for then he has to got :his moil Into condition ; from whnt'mlght be termed raw material—, men who. put' on flesh la. the. months, when they do not Indulge lu- athletic Exercises. It takes time .to Hottlo llie player dowii luto systematic '.training. The position a player 'occupies' oh 'the field litis to be tukcu Into considera tion, for nt! mcu do not train nlllic. Ruck men hnvc the hardest part of a match on; their shoulders more often than their fcllows.aud to them especial cure has to bo devoted by the trainer. On Tuesday night there may be seen on the Melbourne Cricket Ground from a dozou to twenty men Indulging in all sorts of condition-making exercises. There, may bo'seen a few solemnly Jogging along at an easy pace, appa rently bout only on getting over a ccr- tuln distance In no particular hurry, nt one time, hnd nt another going nt their hardest, us if pursued by the suburban ghost. Jog, Jog, Jog, then off ami away bnck again to the Jog, Jog, jog, and away ngnln. This work Is continued until such time as the trainer deems It advisable to send the trainees Into tlie dressing room for the brisk rubbing down that Always follows. Wing men, the dyers of a team, nre not sub jected to long runs. They nre the people who have to do their field work Iu the fastest possible time, and have to bring themselves Into a condition of being able to tout all others and to catch nuy other man, as the cnsc tuny to. Their training In the open Is most ly confined to several sprints for thirty or forty yards. " Coma on," says Mit chell, "give us a turn." And uwn.v they dash. When they, too, hnvc hnd etiotigh they nre sent indoors. But tlie time when a man has liud/euough of pedestrianlsnt, be he folio wcior place man, Is not determined by tbe man himself. The trainer sees to that. lie Is supreme, and from his long nxpcrl- enee enslly detects the Inzy from the willing horse. The lazy mnu is kept going. After bclug sent into tlie training room tho men are put on to more muscle mnktug processes. A football er needs not only a good constitution nnd strength, hut quickness of eye, of movement, nud plenty of wind. A little while after you bare noticed a man running about the field you umy ! see him dancing a tout on two toes, ducking, dodging, prsiuelug, and smacking away nt n ball suspend ed front n eelllug. This is the sort of exercise tlmt "takes It out" of a nmu. It Is capital. Here again It is the trnluer who decides wheu a mnu lias had enough. Some players' faces look ns If the owners of tltcm, the puffing nud shorter winded players In particu lar, would like the ball ami tho trainer's head to change places when the trnluer spots n shirker nud keeps hhu to his task. Then the players might derive more pleasure from hit ting something animate Instead of a poor, unfeeling ball— provided tho train er could not counter. But ho can. After tlie ball punching comes club swinging or dumbbell exorcises. Then sklpplug rope business uml horse ex ercise— gymnastic (performances jover horses made of wood, and guaranteed not to buck or display vice of any sort. . When nil this work of pleasure has toeu accomplished, tho perspiring . pluycr JijnibljeU down. by, the trainer with a kmooth towel. Then he is or dered to take a shower bath— not in the interests of cleanliness altogether, hut for the requirements of traluiug. From this be emerges, and If lie Is steaming like an apple dumpling the trainer is satisfied that lie is In ex cellent health, nud kuows he hns a good man In hand— oue who can stand more work than another from whom the steam does not come. Note— Sinn Is like a nmchliie. . A steamer does the greatest amount of work. 'After the bath a vigorous rubbing with a rough towel follows, ami the laying on of bands is the next opera tion. With tlie hare bauds the trainer rubs the player briskly to harden' the muscles,' A footlmlter must he good tempered to stand this part of the business. Many n nmu has been slain for treating a fellow man with far more tenderness. This ends the operation on Tuesdny nights. On Thursdays, in the afternoons, the exer cises are less energetic. Goal kicking is Indulged in, and n sort of scrambling game Is played, after which light work Is given the uten lu the rooms. The Melbourne uten have an Ingenious con trivance fitted up lu their room, nnd designed by Mitchell, It affords excel lent murking practice for the players. From the foregoing It will be seen thnt Adam Lindsay Gordon was right when he said sport is like life— not all skittles aud beer. Mitchell, It tuny be mentioned, in highly thought of by the men, who do not ngrcc with the opinion of Red aud Blue, that they were overtrained for last Saturday's match. He bas pre- pnrcil many men for various engage ments— boxing, wrestling, and pedes- trlanlsin— and In very many cases his ehnrges bave coma out with flyiug colors. . j. MITCHELL, Melbourne's Trainer. 