THE IAST OF THE OATTEBTHON. "Very much as a burial service reads the .finding of the Marine Board on the los3 of the Catterthun. Ship and captain, with too many of passengers uuu crew, nave oeen lost, ana it only remains to say, near as may be, how it occurred, and who is to blame. It is no visitation of God this time, no un fortunate discovery of an uncharted rock. The dangers were clearly enough marked out, the night was thick and dirty, and the sound policy would have been to give the coast a wide berth. Yet, says the Marine Board, Captain Shannon set a course which lay too close to the shore ; the only inference being that it was deemed desirable to save time, fuel and labour, and make a short passage even at a little riskj A few miles further out, such an offing as the P. aDd O., Orient and other groat ocean-going mail boats invariably take even on a safe coast, would have enabled every pos sible danger to have been cleared. But Captain Shannon was accustomed to the intricacies and dangers of the Barrier Reef and China Sea passages, and doubtless thought that his passengers were certain to arrive all safe at their destination, He made the mistake, and paid the penalty, but not alone. Of more prac tical interest is the case of A. W. Lanfear, the second officer, through whoso default we are told " in altering the course of the vessel without autho rity she struck, and ultimately foun dered." Terrible as the results are, however, it seems desirable rather to bespeak meroy than to de mand vengeance for this officer. He altered the course, but with intent to take the ship clear outside the rocks. Kept to the course fixed by the captain she might have come through the whole cluster in safety, though the idea was to avoid them altogether ; bub when Mr. Lan fear took action it was too late. He turned the ship from the clear channel which lay right ahead, and found that insignificant hummock of rock, impact on which was fatal us the shock of a well-aimed torpedo. The rider attached by the Board to its verdict is proper, and possibly consolatory, but in no sense reassuring. " Here is a valuable ship, exceptionally well manned and foundr sacrificed with a large portion of her passengers and crew on a near shore danger on the coast of New South Wales, which the Seal RockB lighthouse wus especially erected to point out." But why so wrecked, unless through some inexplicable error of unpardonable rashness, the Board 4oes not point out 7 Nor yet does it favour us with the ghost of a sugges tion as to how we mey be guarded against similar disaster in the future. Questions which seem to arise in the public mind are, is there any thing in the rumours which have been current as to the lower light of narrower sweep failing to disclose the dangers it is maintained to point out? And, of infinitely more importance, cannot the supreme nautical authorities of the colonies fix a minimum distance at which all points of danger shall be passed 7 It is easy enough to be wise after the event, but when events of this sort crowd as they have done of late in our records 'tis better to be wise at last. And it may well bo asked, Is ingenuity utterly exhausted in the way of providing absolute safe: guards against any deviation from a course once fixed 7 Master mariners generally agree that a majority of coastal wrecks are caused, first by run ning off, and landward, of the course given j and second, by bringing the ship back to her proper course, but without any allowance for the deviation made. This done, . it will be seen that she runs on a parallel considerably inside her proper course, and, while the skipper imagines she is a mile or two outside, run3 stein on to some cape, rock or beach. Tell-tale clocks on the bridge - and right over the compass are insisted on in some lines, and by such con trivances as these the vigilance of the officer of the watch is guaranteed. Still, no provision of this sort could have saved the Oatterthun. Like the Austral in Sydney Harbour, the Wairarapa off the Barrier Island, and in elder days the Royal George in the English Channel she was lost through a mis take which ought never to have been made ; and it is not altogether to be de plored, for his own sake, that the sea grave has closed over the author thereof. 