THE 6ULGA-SINGLET0N GHOST. (Bt « Tbuth's ' Special Spookisiv) j Have you heard o£ the terrible Singleton Ghost 7 Which hold in the gloaming a horrible posta Mysterious, ' Querioue, A problem a Windeyer even might boast, It seems to arise in Mellonious light, A bubble of fen-fire, a swampy old sprite^ That comes down to light up the cuitiia ol night — ' Oome down,' did I Bay, Most solemnly nay, It rises from nowhere a few feet in height* Like frail little ' Cissy,' The ' chocolate Missy, M Bnt this is a monster most ho.ribie quite* The luminous myslery Has a norrible history, Which, while your blood curdles, X now wilt indite. t Like much that's in darkness, the lege&d; fflj liquory, , About a rich xnlsei whose surname w&£ . Vickery, \ Who, in the bad, bloody years, now lost iztj memory, Was hard as a file and as cutting as emery ; A man . who'd an eye like a bald- beaded, pelican's, ? And carried great nuggets in quart pots fttti, billy*canB| I So dauntless was Yickery, so reckless ani, bold ^ He never moved jround Bans a swaefol of gold. , This miser so reckless, with manner B& vulgar, - Lived away in a weird hut at wind«whi6tiip? Bulgar. ^ One— dark— ghostous— night, Vickery trodAhis Singleton site. Nor heeding dark, nor heeding cold, ( Loaded up with a swag of gold, And a billion pounds in £6 notes Into the Paddock of the Moats— A fearsome fell of devils' throats. Down the night- walk that hid the greec, The miserly Vickery passed, J ween, But once behind that awful screen Was ne'er again by mortal seen. The other eve, a *? well-known citizen,' What need to tell his u well-known' ccg&O;* men, Perhap's its Brown, p'raps Smith, tfr&p;* Bobinson, r But anyhow u weU-kuown ' in Singleton^. While walking down the Moats, came *' on end, What ho supposed An overtaken frtenu Clapped his hand on a shoulder at bp, arm's length of distance, When, horror I his grip aroused fid resistance 1 v The 41 appearance ' then vanished ia ft 4,twiBtover twistance i' A groan, like a cow-cough, sepulchral —'Sold?' Ko, yer dou't, ye ould devil 1 you're t\ * lit© for my gold] And folks in Singleton do tell That, ever since, strange lights o' hell Born nightly in tbat ghostly fell, And float, with yellow, foggy tread, Yard- paces three, exact ahead J And when they run, it speeds its thralls. And when they walk, it only crawls, And when they stand quite still, 'tis said The spectre-fire stands fairly dead* A mournful voice is heard, I'm told— w Off, Jobbers t you shan't get my gold P Oh I woe I in Singletonian hills That there should oe illicit And boys whose fancies merge theSnriU& 