GENERAL NEWS. A sacred ooaoert, which if it be as enjoyable aa tbe last one, we can heartily recommend, takeB place in St. Stephen's Presbyterian Charob' to-Dlgbc. The really splendid and most imposing pro gramme is published in tbla issue, from wbloh ii will be seen that quite a feast nf maslc is provided. Hardly anything we could say could add to tbe almost irre sistible attraction wblcb socb an array of delightful numbers must bave for our masical readers. A liberal nnmber of old favorites in song and aborus are tbere, while tbe mauy new tbings which wili probably be heard for tbe first time by tbe ma|ority of tbe andlenoe, as for in stance tbe famonB ' Intermezzo,' from Masoagni's ' Cavaileria Rustloana,' en dow tbe concert witb a speolal charm. Thereare not alone new pieces, .but several fresh singers whose performances will be noted witb interest, and no doubt with pleasure, The oburob choir is in good form for this evening's work, singly and collectively, and will no doubt sustain, if tbey do not enhance, their bigb repu tation. The concert Is particularly strong io instrumental Items, tbe performers including the talented Sbelleys, Mr. JaB. Walker, Herr Geyger, andfotbers. Suob an evening's riob and Improving pleasure well deserves a crowded congregation. We were able just before going to press yesterday morning to announce tbe first break iu tbe long and disasttous drought. in the form of a sharp shower at about 3 o'clock. After a lull a strong north wind get in at daybreak, carrying along heavy rain-laden clouds, and throughout tbe morning there was a succession of flue drenching sbowers, wbiob tbe parched and thirsty earth absorbed almost us fast as tbey fell. Not far Bbort of an Inch of rain must bave fallen up to midday. The sky then cleared consider ably and the afternoon was fine. Last night, however, there was lightning io the west aa predloted for us by Mr. Wragge on Monday, and at about 10 o'olook with a few peals of thunder steady rain set in, wbiob continued up to tbe time of golog to press. It is gratify ing to learn that the rain bas extended not alone over the Wide Bay and Burnett district, but throughout the greater part of tbe west where the drought bad already beoome a.oaiamity. New South Wales is also sharing in tbis most welcome ohange in tbe weatber. Tbe effect of tbe rain tbat bas fallen upon ail vegetation, wbiob for weeks past bas been mostly of a dull brown bae, will be most marked before tbe week is over, when tbe eye wiii be refreshed witb an all pervading green. The Salvation Army intend holding special meetings In tbe Bazaar street barraoks on Saturday and Sunday even ings next, wbicb wili be conducted by Brigadier Jeffries and Major Graham. On Satnrday evening the Brigadier will be dressed In bis prison olotbes, and intends delivering wbat promises to be an interesting address, giving biB priBon experiences whilst In gaol. Admission is by silver coin. On Wednesday even ing next, too, Adjutant Perry is to give a limelight entertainment, wbiob bas been very favourably commented upon in all tbe towns in wbicb it baBbeen exbibited, so tbat tbe Army adherents evidently intend baving a ' real good time' for a few days. As tbe Burwab will not reach Mary borougb from. Rockbamptoo till about 7 .o'clock tbis evening, the npenlng perfor mance of tbe Ad* Selroy Co. cunuol possibly take place in tbe Town Hall to-nlgbt as previously announced. Tbe talented company will, however, positi vely appear to.morrow (Tbureday) even ing, but tbe season must now be limited to two nights only. Seats reserved t- t this evening's performanoe will stand good for to-morrow night. In oar paragraph In Saturday's Issue referring to tbe Lledertafel ooocert, to be held on September 27tb, we were iu error In stating tbat Mr. Markt was to play several pieces. We should have said tbat that gentleman was to play only one pianoforte solo. We are pleassd to bear tbat tbe rehearsals are being very well at tended, and there Is every prospect of a first-clasB concert being given. The Rail ways Guarantee Bill was again hopelessly out of it tn tbe Legislative Assembly yeeterday, and we can see no prospeot of its coming on again this week. ? X^B. tender of JT, R. Keoypo bas been aooepted by tbe Maryborongb Brlgge Bpard for the removal and. stacking bf, tlmbecwork of annwach to the old bridge, toe the sum of £50, tbe . work to ite com pleted io aeve.UjWeeks. The lowest ten der reoejveij was , that al H. Parsey, Granville, £47,lQs; but ap Mr. Parsey required 12 weeks toi complete the work bis tender fii passed over In favour of the above. The Issue of May 10th of 7 fie Engineer, tbe leading paper bf the profession, pub lished In London, contains a full descrip tion ot tbe new Oboorete Bridge now being tiul It over rbb TOiry Rl ver' at 'Mary borough,^ wblcb is desorlbed as a novel and Interesting work, Tbe 'article is illustrated wltb Wo fdli page engravings of the details of construction. A requiem masB for the repose of the apul of tbe late Father Tiesot. tbe flrst Catholic priest in Maryborough, wbo died reoently in France at the age of 95 years, will be held In St. Mary's Church this moroiog, at 10 o'olook. The Arcb bishop (Dr. Dunne) and a number of priests will oOalate in this solemn and impressive oeremony. At tbe Council meeting last nlgbt, tbe tender of Tooth & Co., Vuloan Foundry, far a ''duplicate pumping engine at Ted dlngton waterworks was accepted, the prloe being £2865, and tbe time 10 months. It was tbis firm tbat manu factured the pamping engine aow la ase at Teddlngton. It wbs about time the rain came. In the coarse of an afternoon's ride this week a oitlzen ssw elgtftf cows dead In one waterhole on';, tab Granville side, and during the dajr deuuted no less tbBn 25 dead beasts, what must tbe mortality bave been farther afield. . These was no , business at the Polios Court yesterday morulng. A summons case whloh was set down for hearing was withdrawn. Our usual Wednesday's instalment of Storyteller will be found on back page. ,Dr. Andrew Wilson, in the JUus trdted £bridon ~Dewf, attacks tbe 'trne gbost Story' related by the Conntess of Monster in tbe Strand Magazine for July. Her ladyslj.ip JS&d; aq a'ditnirer in .MIsb L^who adorejj ber to infftuation ; »nd w&a; '..deeply,. paaslonatply, ;jand uo jnatiQably, Jealous.' -Mies L oadoe to an early death, and a year and a half after wards sbe appeared ae a ghost at tbe foot of Lady, Hunger's bed. Tbere could be no doubt about it, ber ladyship writes, for ' I was awake and saw her. She was in ber usual dress, wearing (wbat was tben oalled) a 'cross-over,' which was tied be hind, while ber bonnet (which she was always In tbe babit of taking off bb sbe came upstairs) was, aa usual, banging by tbe ribbon od ber arm.' Dr. Wilson re marks on tbe faat that the ghost appeared dressed as Lady Monster need to re* member Miss L -and not in ber Brave dottles. He tben prooeeds — ' Tbe Coontess, be it noticed, bad been Buffer ing intensely from brow argue. Sbe bad gone to bed early, ' but not to sleep'— exactly tbe state of brain favouring the occurrence of auoh an illusion as she re counts. No physiologist for a moment will doubt ber aooonnt in any one par tioular. Wbat people bave apparently to learn la .that there Is no more frequentoo ourrenae in brain functions tban tbe pro duction of illusions of sigbt and bearing, both consequent on soma Irritation, fatigue, or allied conditions (represented in Lady Munster's case), of the organ of mind. It is an old story now, surely, tbat npon tbe senaitive parts of tbs eye and ear, memories may be projected from the brain, as sound-waves and light-waves are projeoted upon eye and ear from tbe outer world and transferred to tbe brain, giving us our information regarding things external to us. When the brain centres acting In the reverse direction irritate the eye'sretina, therp is excited in us tbe impression of seeing something whloh baB no real, outside, or objective existence at all. This is the 'subjeotive' sensation of the physiologist, and this is the explanation of tbe illusions and ap. p&rltions; of sights aud sounds which may beset our waking lives. To put the matter plainly, any apparition such as Lady Monster saw really oomes from tbe Inside of our own minds.' 