Parliamentary Debates. (Daily Mercury.) A remonstrance which, if things wore ordered exactly as thoy ought to bo ordered, would have effect in connection with the retrench ment policy of the Government, has been addressed by the Principal Shorthand writer of the Parliamentary reporting staff to Mr. vSpeaker. That staff consists often shorthand writers. It reports all the select committees, the debates of both Houses, the Public Works Committee and the sectional committees of that body. Mr. Robinson represents to Sir Joseph Abbott the absolute necessity that exists for increasing the staff, if the reports are expcctcd to be maintained in their present fulness. For, ho points out, the Assembly now sits four days a week ; two hours' work a day has been added to the former work of tlie staff by tho amended standing order regarding objections ; and the House now meets an hour earlier than it did in past sessions. So that either the staff must be strengthened, or , it must be relieved of all work but the reporting of Parliamentary debates. It may be added that manifestly the lengthened sittings, so frequent now, strain to the utmost the mental and physical resources of the official reporters. These unfortunate beings, part of whose duty it has been to record the eloquence of Labour members in advocacy of an eight hours' day, have been frequently compolled to toil on day and night with no reviving rest, in order that the world should lose no winged word of our parliamentary orators. We sympathise entirely with' the position of these overworked gentlemen. But wc ask -viiuuuui iu 1 a uuoiiauiu, auumjr txiu a lulu ua tiic finances and the character of the matter which the official reporters embalm in print, that their reporting labours should continue. Let tho people realise that they pay a big sum every year for this record of legislators' eloquonce. For the coming year the estimate for tho reporting staff is £5453 ; and, if tlie staff is strengthened so that there may be no curtailment of the reports, a further annual cost for reporters of £2190 must be incurred. The cost of paper, print ing, and binding the reports is additional. It amounts to £7000. So that now the pro duction of the Parliamentary Debates costs tho country every year say over £10,000 ; and a further outlay of over £2000 to maintain the work on the present scale is demanded. And what does the country get for the outlay ? Valuable materials for history ? Gems of oratory which tho contemporaries of the speakers regarded as priceless, and which men of coming ages will admire P Not at all. Tlie sum paid yearly is represented by an enormous quantity of printed matter which no one reads. Parliamentary Debates consists mainly of platitudes piled mountain-high — Pelion on ossa. There may be found to weari some iteration arguments to which few have listened but the unhappy scribes in the re porters' galleries. Reams of paper are covered in the record with the distilled essence of dulness. Mr. O'Sullivan's allitera tive but unconvincing discourses, covering a range in which the wearied auditor toils after him in vain, and Mr. Schey's long-drawn harangues, horribly stuffed with epithets of malice, fill many thou sand pages. Acres of the record — it is scarcely exaggeration to say so — are occupied by the utterances of half-educated minds who have ill-digested the socialistic literature of onr -days. Here and there may be found a speech of more than ordinary value ; but it is an oasis in the desert of wordy folly and pointlessness. Few apples of golden thought in pictures of silvery eloquence arc here, few speeches which men would not willingly let die. The official record possesses indeed a merit which is ascribed to the Dunciad — that many of the names in it would be unknown to all fame but for their appearance there. And from its pages may be summoned, like an avenging ghost, many an avowal of opinioil calculated to confound the time-serving poli tician whose change of views is facile and shameless. Also it preserves narratives of incidents in our public life which pain patriotic men, and besmirch the reputation of the great institution of Parliament. But of good done by it to the country or -to the world little can be seen or imagined. It is bad enough that the country should hear the yearly burden of £34,500 to pay members for work which it were gross flattery to call well done work, 'without also being asked to pay £10,000 for recording speech which is directly accountable for much of. defect in that work. It comes to this, then, that the question as it affects the Parliamentary re porting staff ought to be — not whether or not it should bo strengthened, but whether or not it should be disbanded as causing an useless expense. For the practical purpose of informing the people what their re presentatives in the Assembly are doing and saying, the daily metropolitan newspapers give sufficiently ample reports. The measure of their reports is indeed a tolerable gauge of the public interest in the oratory of the Legislature, for newspapers are commercial enterprises, and purvey what their readers want. A11 official report is fi superfluous burden on tho taxpayer ; and, now that economy in expenditure is necessary tho whole outlay on the production of Parliamentary Debates might justly and reasonably be retrenched. Wo know well of course that the counsel wo give is a counsel of perfection. There is no indication of the possession by Governments of tho moral strength requisite to propose a blow to the vanity and self-conceit which called tho record into existence, and which arc potent to maintain it. And so tho people's treasury -will be called continuously to pay this heavy charge, for accumulating volumes of speech-records upon which the dust of neglect will accumulate till necessity gives them to the burning wherein a brilliancy they never- before possessed will bo temporarily evoked. Two tramps one from 'green Erin' and the other from the land of sauerkraut and bepr, one night, excessively hungry, struck a farmhouse, the owner of which would . give them a lodging but no food. So to bed they went supperles3. About twelve o'clock Hans got up and went softly down to the pantry. Having eaten a hearty meal, he re turned, being compelled to pass through the farmer's bedchamber. When he got. back, Pat questioned him to how he passed Cerberus. ' An did ye not wake him up-?' he asked. ' Fa,' answered Hans ; ' but I yoost stunt still und say, 11 Miaow, misow 1' ' Begoora, but ye ought to be an Oirishman 1' said Pat. 'I will do the same meself.' And rising, ho -went slowly and cautiously down. But he was not so successful as Hans. Aa he entered the farmer's room, he stumbled over a shoe, kicked a chair, and awoke tho farmer, who cried angrily, 'Who's there?'' Oh, lay sthill,' said Pat ; ' oi'm the cat !' 