CHAPTER EC. THE SPITEFULLEST OF TALKERS IN OUR TOWN. Like most email country settlements, little fraternities of well-to-do people who think themselves the beginning and end of the world, Trelasco was slow to rise to any fes- tivity in the way of party giving. So it was about two months after Colonel Disney’s retaro before the friendly nails and inter change of small civilities culminated in a dinner party at Glenaveril. It seemed, in deed, only right and natural that the great house of the district—great by reason of Lord Lostwitbiel’s absenteeism—should be the first to offer stately hospitality to the colonel and his womankind. The invitation to Miss Leland might be taken as an especial compliment, arms outstretched to receive one who was a stranger in the land. ‘ We want to know that nice young sister of yours,’ Mr Crowther said to Colonel Disney, in bis patronising way, as they all came out of church the Sunday before the dinner-party. • A remarkably fine girl.’ The Colonel did not thank him for this compliment, which was pronounced in a loud voice, amidst the little knot of ac quaintances taking leave of each other on the dip of the hill, where there was a sign post on a patch of waste grass, and where road and lanes divided, one up the hill to Tywardreatb, another to Powey, and a narrow-wooded lane leading down to Glen averil and the Angler’s Nest, Short as the distance was, there were carriages waiting for the Crowthers, who never walked to church, however fine the weather. Mrs Crowther came to the morning service re splendent iu a brocade gown and a Parisian bonnet, on pain of being condemned as dowdy by her husband, who liked to put the stamp of his wealth upon every detail. His wife obeyed him with wifely meekness, but the daughters were not so easily ruled. Both were keen-witted enongh to feel the vulgarity of Sunday morning splendour. So Belinda worshipped in the exaggerated simplicity of an unstarched jaconet muslin, a yellow liberty sash, a flopping Gainsborough hat, and a necklace of Indian beads, an attire which attracted every eye and was a source of wonder to the whole congregation, while Alicia’s neat grey cashmere frock, made by the best tailor in Coduit street, and smart little toque to match, grey gloves, grey silk stockings, grey prayer book and sunshade, challenged criticism as a study in mono chrome. Mr Crowther would have lingered for farther conversation before getting into tbe family lendau, but Colonel Disney bade a rather abrupt ‘ good morning’ to the whole group, and hurried bis wife and sister down the hill, ‘ I’m rather sorry we accepted the Glen averil invitation,’ be said to Isola, ‘The man is snch an obvious cad.’ ‘ Mrs Crowther is very kind and good,’ re plied his wife, 'but I have never cared much about going to Glenaveril. I don’t feel that I get on particularly well with the girls. They are both too fine for me. But I should be sorry to offend Mrs Crowther.’ 1 Yes, she is evidently a good soul. It was thoughtful of her sending you a ticket for the ball. A woman with daughters is , seldom over-kind to outsiders.’ 'Ob, I believe Mrs Crowther’s heart would be big enough to be kind to people if she bad as many daughters as King Danaus,’ 'Well, on her account, perhaps it was best to accept the invitation.’ 1 Don’t be so grand about it, Martin,’ said Allegra. ‘ You forget that I am pining to see what a dinner party in a very rich house is like. I have seen nothing in London but literary and artistic dinners— third-rate literary and third-rate artistic, I’m afraid—but they were very nice, all the same. Glenaveril is a place that takes my breath away; and I’m curious to see what a dinner party can be like there,’ ‘Then for your sake, Allegra, I’m glad we said yes. Only I couldn’t stand that fellow patronising you. Calling you a fine girl, forsooth!' ‘Yes, it is an odious phrase, is it not? I'm afraid I shall have to live through it, because, like Rosalind, “ I am more than common tall,” ’ She drew herself up to her full height, straight as a reed, but with fully developed bust and shoulders which showed to ad vantage in her pale tussore gown—silk that her brother had sent her from India, She looked tbe incarnation of girlish innocence and girlish happiness—a brow without a cloud, a step as light as a fawn’s—a fearless, happy nature. Her more common.place fea tures and finer figure were in carious contrast with Isola’s pensive beauty, and too fragile form, Disney glanced from one to the other as be walked along the rustic lane between them; and though he thought bis wife tbe lovelier, he regretted that she was not mote like his sister. A man who Is very fond of home and who has no professional cares and occupations is apt to degenerate into a domestic hnsy-body, Martin Disney gave his first sign of this inclination on the day before tbe dinner at Geoaveril. ‘ What are you two girls going to wear ?' he asked. ‘At least I don’t think I need ask Isola that question, Yon’ll wear your wedding gown, of course, love ?’ he added, turning to bis wife. ‘No, Martin, I am going, to wear my grey silk.’ ‘Grey! A dowager’s color, a soared spins ter’s color—a Quaker’s no color. 1-detest grey.’ ‘Oh, but this is a very pretty gown—the palest shade of pearl color —and I wear pink rosea with it. It was made in Paris, I feel sure you will like me in it, Martin,’ Isola said hurriedly, as if even this email matter flattered her nerves. ‘Not as well as I like you in your wedding gown! That was made in Paris, and it fitted you like a glove. I never saw snob a pretty gown—so simple, yet so elegant.’ ' I have been married much too long to dress as a bride.’ ‘You shall not seem as a bride—except to me; for my eyes only shall yon shine in bridal loveliness, Bride or no bride, what can be prettier for a young woman than a white satin gown with a long train. You can wear colored flowers to show yon have not got yourself np as a bride. What do yon say, Allegra? Give us your opinion—of course, yon are an authority upon drees,’ ‘ Oh, the white satiu, by all means, Isola looks ethereal in white. She ought hardly ever to wear anything else,’ ‘ You hear, Isa. Two to one against you.’ I I’m sorry I can't be governed by your opinion in this inatance. You forgot that I last wore my gown at a ball, I danced a good deal—the floor was dirty—the gown was spoilt,. .! shall never wear it again. I hope that will satisfy yon, Martin.’ She spoke with a touch of temper, her cheeks flushed crimson, and her eyes filled with sndden tears as she looked depreoat ingly at her husband. Martin Disney felt himself a brute, - ‘ My dearest, I didn't mean to tease yon,’ he said; ‘ wear anything yon like. You are enre to be the prettiest woman in the room. I am sorry the gown was spoilt; bnt it can’t be helped. I’ll buy yon another white satin gown the first time yon and I are in Fly month together. And pray, Miss Allegra, i what bravery will you sport 2' I I have only a white lace frock that has seen some service,’ replied bis sister, meekly. 'I date say I shall look like somebody’s poor relation at such a place as Glenaveril.’ ‘ Oh, it’s not to be a grand party, by any means,’ said Iso|a. ‘ Mrs Crowtfaer told me she bad asked the Baynhams and the Vicar age people to meet us, just in a friendly .way.’ The party was decidedly small, for oh ar riving with reasonable punctuality the Dis noys fonnd only one gnest on the scene, in the person of Mr Colfox, the curate, who was sitting by one of the little artistic tables, showing anew pnzzle of two pieces of interlinked iron to the two Misses Crowther. These young ladies were so intensely in terested in the trick of disentanglement that they scarcely noticed the entrance of their mother’s guests, and only rose and came over to greet the party three minntee later, as an after-thonght. Mr and Mrs Crowther, however, were both upon the alert to receive their friends, the lady frankly cordial, without the slightest affectation of self-consciousness; the gentleman swelling with pompons friendliness, as if his manly breast were trying to emerge from the moderate restric tion of a very open beart-shaped waistcoat. He protested that he was charmed to wel come Colonel Disney to Glenaveril, and he glanced round the splendid walls as who should say, ‘lt is no light thing to give you the enirt to such a house as this,’ Vansittart Crowther was a man of short, squat figure, who tried to make up for the want of inches by extreme, uprightness, and had cultivated this carriage until he seemed incapable of bending. He had a bald head, disguised by one dappled streak of grey and sandy hair, which was plastered into a curl on each side of his brow—curls faintly suggestive of a oat’s ears. He had blunt,’ common-place features, a sensnal lip, and dull, fishy eyes, large and protuberant, with an expression in perfect harmony with the heavy, sensual mouth. Mr and Mrs Baynham were the next arrivals, the lady wearing the family ame thysts and the historical black velvet familiar in West Cornwall, under whose weighty splendour she arrived short of breath; the gentleman expansive of shirt front, and genial of aspect, jovial at the prospect of a good dinner and choice wines, and not hypercritical as to the company in which he ate the feast. He shook bands with his host and hostess, and then went over to the Misses Crowther, who had not thought it necessary to suspend their absorb ing occupations in order to welcome the village doctor’s wife—a fact which Mrs Baynham observed and inwardly resented, Mr Colfox deserted the young ladies, still puzzling over the two bits of iron, and went across the room to greet the Disneys. He was an intelligent young man, steeped to the lips in the opinions and prejudices of Uni versity life—Oxford life, that is to say. He ranked as a literary man in Trelasoo, on the strength of having bad an article almost published in ‘ Blackwood.’ ‘ The editor bad accepted my paper,’ he told people modestly, ‘ bnt on further consideration be found it was a little too long, and so, in point of fact, he sent it back to me in the most courteous manner. He couldn’t have acted more kindly —but I was disappointed. It wonld have been such an opening, you see.’ All Mr Colfox’s friends agreed that with such an opening the broad high road to lite rary fame and fortune wonld have been made smooth for his feet. They respected him even for this disappointment. To have been accepted by “Blackwood” made him almost a colleague of George Eliot. He was a tall and rather lean yonng man, who wore on eye-glass, and seemed to live upon books. It was irritating to Vansittart Crowther, who prided himself on his cellar and his cook, to note how little impression food and drink made upon Francis Colfox. ‘ He takes my Chateau d’Yquem as if it were Devonshire cider,’ said the aggrieved parvenu, ‘ and bo hardly seems to know that this is the only house where he ever sees clear turtle. The man’s people must have lived in a very poor way.’ In spite of this contemptuous opinion, Mr Crowther was always polite to Mr Francis Colfox, and had even thought of him as a pie-aller for one of bis daughters. There is hardly anything in this life which a self made made man respects so much as race, and Francis Colfox belonged to an old county family, bad a cousin who was an earl, and another cousin who was talked of as a probable bishop. He was, therefore, allowed to make himself very much at home at Glenaveril, and to speak his mind in a some what audacious way to the whole family. Captain Pentreath, an armyman of un certain age, a bachelor, and one of a terri torial family of many brothers, came next; and then appeared the Vicar and his wife and one daughter, who made up the party. The Vicar was deaf, but amiable, and beamed benevolently npon a world about whose spoken opinions he knew so little that he might naturally have taken it for a much better world than it is. The Vicar's wife spent her existence in interpreting and ex plaining people’s speech to the Vicar, and had little time to think of anything else. The daughter was characterised by a gentle nullity, tempered by a somewhat enthusiastic and evangelical piety. The chief desire of her life was to keep the church ns it had been in the days of her r childhood, nearly 30 years before. It was the first time the Disneys had dined together at Glenaveril, so it seemed only proper that Mr Crowther should give his arm to Isola, which he did with an air of conferring an honor. The Colonel had been ordered to take the vicar’s wife, and the doctor was given to Allegra; Captain Pen treatb took Miss Trequite, the vicar’s daugh ter; Mr Colfox followed with Mrs Baynham, and the daughters of the bouse went modestly to the diningroom after the vicar and Mrs Crowther. The dinner table was as pretty as roses and Venetian glass could make it. There was no pompons display of ponderous plate, as there might have been 30 years ago on a parvenu’s board. Everybody is enlightened nowadays. The great ‘culture’ movement has been as wide-spread as compulsory education, and everybody bas a taste. Scarcely were they seated when Mr Crow ther informed Mrs Disney that he bated a display of silver, and at the same time he took care to let her know that the Venetian glass was rather more valuable than that precious metal. ‘And if it’s broken there’s nothing left you for your outlay,’ he said, 'but its a fancy of my wife and girls. Those decanters are better than anything Salviati ever made for royalty.’ ihe table was oval, lighted by one large lamp under an umbrella-shaped amber shade, a shade which diffiused a faint golden glow through the dusky room, amidst which hazy atmosphere the footmen moved like ghosts, while the table and the faces of the diners shone and sparkled in the brilliant light. It was as picturesque a diningroom and table as one need care to see; and if the Gains boroughs and Reynoldses, which here and there relieved the sombre russet of the'.Oor do van leather hangings, were not the port raits of Mr and Mrs Crowther’s ancestors, they were not the less interesting as works of art. Isola sat by her host’s side, with a silent and somewhat embarrassed air, which her husband noted as be watched her from the other side of the table. All the decorations were low, so that no pyramid of fruit or flowers intervened to pre vent a man watching the face opposite to him, Disney saw that while Allegra, in her place between Mr Baynham and Alicia Lowthcr, was full of talk and animation, laola sat with downcast eyes, and replied with a troubled look to her host’s remarks. There was something in that gentleman’s manner which was particularly obnoxious to the Colonel, a protecting air, a fatherly familiarity, which brought the bald shining forehead almost in contact with Isola’s soft brown hair. As the man bent to whisper and to titter in the very ear of his neighbor, the colonel got through a little duty talk with Mrs Tre quite, whose attention was frequently dis tracted by the necessity of explaining Mrs Orowtber's polite murmurs to the vicar on the other side of the table; and this duty done be gave himself up to watching Isola and her host. Why did she blush so when the man talked to her? Was it the admir ing leer in those fishy eyes which annoyed her; or the man’s manner altogether; or was it anything that be said? Disney strained his ears to hear their conversation, if that could be called conversation which was for the most part monologue. The man was talking of the bunt ball of last winter. Disney heard suoh snatches of speech as * the. prettiest woman in the room,’ ‘everybody said so,’ ‘Lostwithiel was evidently epris.’ Mr Orowther had a penchant for scraps of French, which de corated bis speech as truffles adorn a boned turkey. * Isn’t it odd that be should be such a rover ?’ asked Mr Crowtber, in a less confi dential tone.than before, . Isola looked up at him as if hardly under standing the question. ‘ I mean Lostwithiel. With such a nice place as he has here, it seems a pity to be broiling himself in Peru. I never could understand the taste for orchids; and in his case—well, I hardly believe in it. He is the last man to emulate a Hooker or a Law rence. Orchid-hunting must be an excuse for keeping away from England, I take it. Don’t you think so now, Mrs Disney ?’ ‘ I really don’t know.’ ‘ You don’t know why be should want to keep away. No, no more does anybody else. Only we all wonder, don’t you know. He talked to me of settling down in the county —looking after the estate a little. He even hinted that be might, in due course, oast about for a nice young wife—with a little money. And then all of a sudden off he sails in that rakish yacht of his, and roves from port to port like the Flying Dutchman in the opera, till at last we bear of him on the coast of Peru. Carious, ain’t it, Mrs Disney?’ ‘ Why curious?’ asked Isola, ooldly. ‘Was not Lord Lostwithiel always fond of yachting?’ ‘No doubt; but when a man talks of settling down in his native place—and then doesn’t do it—there must be a reason, mustn’t there?’ ‘ I don’t know. People act as often from caprice as from reason.’' 1 Ah, that is a lady’s idea. No man who is worthy the name over acta from caprice,’ said Mr Crowtber, with his insinuating air, as if some hidden meaning were in the words, and then looking across the table and seeing the Colonel’s watchful face, he altered both tone and manner as be added, ‘Of course you know Lostwithiel, Colonel Disney?’ ‘ I saw a good deal of Lord Lostwithiel when he was a small boy,’ answered the Colonel ooldly. 1 His father was one of my early friends. But that is a long time ago.’ ‘ How old is he, do you say?’ ‘ Debrett will answer that question better than I can. I have never reckoned the years that have gone by since I saw him in his Eton collar.’ The men did not sit long over their wine. The doctor and his host talked agriculture, Mr Orowther discussing all farming opera tions upon a large scale as a man of terri torial magnitude. The vioar prosed about an approaching lecture at the schoolroom, and utterly failed in hearing anything that was said to him. Colonel Disney smoked a cigarette in silence, and with a moody brow. Later, in the drawingroom, while the Crowtber girls were playing a very noisy duet, by the last new Sclavonic composer, Vansittart Crowtber directed his conversa tion almost wholly to Mrs Disney, as if she were the only person worthy of his attention. He was full nf suggestions for future gaieties in which the Disneys were to share—picnics, boating parties. ‘ Yon must help ns to wake up the neigh borhood, Colonel,'he said, addressing Disney with easy friendliness. _ 1 We are not very likely to be of much as sistance to you in that line,’ Disney an swered coldly, ‘We are hum-drum stay-at home people, my wife and I, and taka our pleasures on a very small scale.’ Colonel Disney’s carriage was announced at this moment. He gave his wife a look which plainly indicated his wish to depart, and she rose quickly from the low, deep chair in which she had been sitting, in some manner a captive,' while Mr Crowtber leaned over the broad, plush-cushioned arm to talk to her. Allegra was engrossed in a talk about William Morris’ last poem with Mr Colfox, who was delighted to converse with anyone fresh from the far-away world of art and literature—delighted altogether with Allegra, whose whole being presented a piquant contrast to the Miss Crowthers. But the Colonel’s sister saw the movement towards departure, and hastened to her brother’s side. Briefest ndieux followed, and the first of the guests being gone, a genera) uneasiness fell upon those whose carriages had been ordered half-nn-bour later. A single early departure will cast a withering blight upon your small and dull party; whereas from a scene of real mirth the nine Muses and three Graces might all slip away unmissed and unobserved. [To be continued.) 