FICTION. THE GHOST'S EYES. A TALE OF CHINESE HELP ON A SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA RANCH. Mas. Rodebt Livinohtone was a woman of superb dignity. Yet uny one of her city friends would scarcely havo recognised her In the rather clumsy llguro running and stumbling up tho rough canon road that led from the lower bean-field to tho rnnchhouso. Her black skirts were not held up, but allowed to trail a Uttlo and catoh tlio tine dust and torwecd stain as sho hurried on. Nothing of trifling importance could have forced Mary Livingstone thus far to forget her elegant self, even alono in a canon. Tho fog was coming up from tho sea and slowly closing In and deepening the shadows of tho gorge. It was already lato twilight, and the lonlincss and gloom of tho place tortured her ovcr-tensc nerves. A Uttlo owl flew with a shrill scream over her head, nnd sho screamed with it, A bleated ground squirrel rustled in tho underbrush up the bank, and sho felt that alt tho terrors of the jungle wcro upon her. A sharp turn in tho trail brought her atlast in viow of tho houso, and tho wolcomoglimmcr of a light gavo her a Uttlo courage. Sho quickened her stops still moro in her eager ness, forgetting that the canon stream crossed tho road at tho bond, and, missing tho board, sho steppod in onklo-doep. Even this Bho scarcely noticed, but sploshed on ovor tho slippery stonos. Itwasonly whon sho reached tho gato, breathless and disbovcled, that sho Boomed to be ablo to think. " I can't lot Allen see mo in this plight," sho said to horsclf. "He would ask all manner of questions, and not bo put off, and 1 could not toll him that. Oh, no, no I" But just thon a slight, youthful figuro appeared at tno voraoaan steps, atanuingon crutcncs. "What makoB you so awfully late, mother?" ho called to her. "I thought you never would get hero," and tho thin com plaining voico was oven n little more (inpatient than usual. " Sing is on ono of his worst rampages, nnd is road as hops because dinner Is Into. I wes oven afraid to ask him to light tho lamp, and I've ocon Hitting out hero in tho dark for ages. If there's a dish left out thcro, it won't uo his fault. Listen to thnt I" and just thon a tin pan seomcd to go splnglng aoross tho kitchen. " I am sorry, my dear," said Mrs. Living- stone, quietly: "but I was detained by tho engineer. Ho says tho throshcr-cngine is broken, and he must go to Scco Grande to morrow lor repairs. Somo of tho mon wore to bo paid off, and I had their accounts to look over. 1 will bo glad when your father gets home. Harvesting is too important n uiuu ivr uio vu uw ivit uiuuu. ivui miiu. What a forlorn timo you've had ! Como in. and we'll make up for it," and she preceded him into the dark littlo parlor. Quickly lighting tho lamp, sho said : " Turn it up more, aear, after it has burned a littlo, and tell Sing to havo dinner in flvo minutes. I'll will bo right out," and tho hurried to her room, leaving her son wondering vnguoly thnt his mother's nond should tremble as sho held the mntch, and ecoratly wishing sho had not left him to faco the Irato Sing alono. Allen Livingstono was sovontcon, but long accustomed to having ovary wind tempered for him. Ho was naturally timid and not a littlo spoiled. Mrs. Livingstono lavished upon prat that yearning and passionate tendorness that a hopolcssly crippled child oalls forth from a mother's pity. Ho was at onoo hor idol andbor sorrow, and his slightest wish was law. Dinner at the ranah-houso was oven moro quiet than usual that evening. Mrs. Living stono appeared tired and preoccupied, while Allen fretted childishly ovor tho rathor warmed-up flavor of things on tho tablo. Tho offending Chinaman came and went in sullen routine. After the coffee, Mrs. Livingstone camo and put hor arm lovingly over her son's shoulders, and thoy went out to the parlor thus. . " I have a lovely sohemo, dearest," sho said. " Whilo your father iB away, I think it , would ho nice for you to como over and 6leep in your old room adjoining mine. It will be moro sociable, and wo can play wo aro both younger again. What do you think ?" "I don't mind," said 'Allen, indifferently, lighting a dellcato cigarita. Tho house was one of those primitive Spanish structures, built of abodo, ono story, and three sides facing an open square— very pleasant and artistio with tho deep verandas, viuo-covored and cool, and tho littlo court always full of flowers and( sunshine, hut not so convenient nnd practical for every day oomfort as some moro modern plans for homes. Tho main part of tho houso was taken up by tho living-rooms, leaving the sleeping- rooms in the wings and far separated. It had beon a trying time for Mrs. Living stono, when her husband hod insisted that Allen should give up his little bedroom next to theirs, which ho had always occupied, and go across tbo court. Tho boy was no longer rt baby, ho said, and ho had ahvays needed that- room for his own privato use. He wnutcd a placo for his dosknud his books nnd tho big safe whioh ho hold tho family valuables and often considcrablo sums in gold mid silver, as- ho preferred to pay his men iu coin rather than by ohequo in tho usual way. But his wifo had novor boon reconciled to having her dellcato child out of tbo sound of hor voice at nights, nnd many n time bad sho stolen out in tho darkness to listen at hia window to sco that her darling was sleeping well, ami to indulge in a long moment of adoring worship, as sho straiued her eyes to see tho pale faco on tho pillow. " I will go round tho verauda now, dear," she said, as Allen 6mokod. " and bring your things for the night- Tho couch Is very comfortable, nnd it bo lovely to havcyou back." Tlrn pMli Btruok her unpleasantly as ,ho opened the dodr. She shuddered . little and drew hor shawl closer. , ,, q.. " What a fog I" hIio exclaim1' ... beans will bo again delayed. It'swoi. v.. tho conflict of hay-making and showers in Now England. Coming out of hep eon's room a few 1 moments later, with her arms full of his clothing, she was startled by a slight noleo across the court. It seemed like foine heavy thing dropping with lessouml thr.nits w-jight would suggest. In tho misty darkness sho could sco nothing. Mary Livlngslonn was known far nnd nenritn a woman of unbounded courngo nnd self-reliance. During her hus band's frequent burtiucss trips to San Fran cisco, she stayed and ruled tha tittle kingdom like a queen. Not a man on tho ranch but was glad when Mrs. Livingstono was " boss." The houso in tho canon was her castle, whero sho and Allon, with tho faithful Sing, abode in security which nono' dared to molest. If any ono had told her a week ago that this night sho would bo a haunted creature, trembling and unstrung, tormented by an evil prcsoutimcnt and dreading she know not what, sho would have laughed tho prophet to Tho parlor-door had been left a littlo ajar, and she pushed through it aud on to her own apartment. " Plcaso shut the door, Allie. Sly hands aro full. I'll bo ready for you soon." Drawing tho shades, sho set resolutely to work about making her son's room comfort- ablo for tho night. Sho dared not think, or sho felt that she would scream from sheer nervousness. Tho dainty silver toilet articles which woro hio prido, sho arranged on the broad desk, nud soon had tho low lounge transformed into an inviting bod, with even n hot water bag tucked in nt tho foot. Sho took from her cloRct-shell his little toy-Hko night lamp, which had been one of his childish idols, nnd lighted it, nnd, after oueor two little final touches here nnd there, she called him. " it's time small boys were asleep. Lock tho front door, dear, and como, I have such a funny story to read to you." Allen hobbled in, n slight frown on hie dclicnto face at being bnbyed. and surveyed the little room. " It's as cold as a barn in hero," he said. " What makes it go cold! I don't want to go to bed yet." " Oh, yes, you do. It's getting lato. You'll soon bo nlco nnd comfortable in your old nost. You will find it warmed." "Oh, well, I suppose there's nothing clso to do," ho complained. "Where's the story?" " I'll begin Itrlght now, while you'ro getting ready," aud Mrs. Livingstone settled ncrsolf by her lamp to read. In less than half an hour sho quietly peeped In to find her boy fast asleep. Sho wnnted to stoop and kiss the white forchend, but denied herself lest sho waken him. Nearly closing tho door, sho walked rest lessly about her room a few moments, aim lessly touching this nnd looking at that. Sho took her account book out of tho draggled dress she had worn down the canon and looked it over n little, soon putting it aside. She tried to read, but tho words fol lowed each otlier under her eyes in an un known tongue. Sho took up hor Bible, and even thnt seemed to hold no word of pence. Something as people in great peril go over their past life, she fell to thinking of hers, but she was soon brought back face to face with the present. Tho thought that sho was struggling so to keep in abeyance, at last seemed to break its bounds and fill her soul with an irrcsiitiblo fascination: sho dwelt upon it and did not try to put it aside. Three night ago, at midnight, sho hnd awakened suddenly, being conscious of a noxious prosonoo near, and slowly there had grown from it two dark, glittering eyes oloso to her own, which held hor gazo with terrible intentness. This evening in tho canon they had been there beforo her all tho way, and sho had been almost succumbed to their terror. For tho first timo sho had noticed that tho hrows and corners of the eyes had been slightly upturned, liko tho Mongolian. What did it all mean / Tno eud was not i yet. What would it be? These thoughts scomtd to enthrall hor. . It was nearly cloven o'clock. Would it como to-night ? Outside, tho night was so deathly still and so lonely. Why did't tho wind blow 1 Anything that would break tho spell upon her. Bho turned tho light down, nnd throw her self wearily on her bed as sho was. With tho first stroke of the clock at mid night sho woko from a troubled sleep. In a moment sho became distinctly conscious of a smoky odour, tho unmistnkenblo scent of a , Chinaman's clothing. A slight noiso on tho floor caused her to sit up quickly. A man's i head and' shoulders were slowlv emerging ' from under tho bed. Ono sickening moment sho wavered, then sprang out upon him, holding him down for an instant ; but ho turned, nnd there glared up at her thoso samo oyes— tho fiend liko oyes of hor vision, and the man was Sing, Sho grappled with him in superhuman strength, how ninny desperate, struggling moments sho nover knew. It scorned an eternity. Not a word was uttered. Sho saw that his superior strength must gain in tho end. Ho constantly tried to reaoh for a knife which evidently was caught in somo way, tor he failed to get it in his hand. At last, Allen heard the noise and appeared at tho door, almost fainting with fright. His mother spelled out to him : " Oct-thc- a xt'Qiiick" then added : " Go to bed, child." Tno boy hnd presence of mind to go around, as there were many locked doors in the way through the houso. Tho Chinnman, afraid of somo outsido assistance, began to beg. "Mo catchco money— mo no kill. You gib koy— mo.iio kill. You no gib, mo alleo samo killcc you, kfllce Allic, too. You gib koy." Mrs. Livingstone said nothing, and in nn incredibly short time for him, Allen came in, panting and dragging tho gleaming axo. Tho fiend saw it and became Hkca madman. He shrieked and bit at tho strong whito rists that hold him liko a vise. Ho foamed at tho mouth in hi fit of rage and fear, "Allen," she said, "get tho trunk-ropo in tho closet— be quick." After an nhnost hopeless, struggle and a littlo weak help from her son, sho managed to tie ono hana, thon both together, and had Allen made the other end fast to tho bed stead. Tho rope was old, and if it gavo way they were lost, for it was tho only thing of the kind availablo. Ilcr knees wcro still on his chest. " Allon," sho commanded, " go from tho room and shut your door tight after you." Ho was almost Btupilled, hut obeyed blindly. In another instant ho heard nn awful blow and a short shuttling strand, tbea a long moment of silence, but ho dared not go in again. Presently his mothor appeared, holding her wounded baud. Sho looked to him in the light, like an old woinau. Her faco was ashen and drawu, and her dark hair had turned almost snowy white. Ho looked at her mutely. " My dear," she said, slowly, " God knows it was the only way. Ho gavo mo tho nowor to save us, or you and I, Allen, would this moment havo been in tho traitor's place." Sho gnvo an involuntary shudder, but turned and locked tho door on tho ghastly 6ccnc. Taking somo autlscoptic solution, she bathed hor hand thoroughly and bound it up with some of Allen's handkerchiefs. She thou sipped a small glass of whisky and water, ond lay down beside her sou. So the long night woro away. Thcro havo been few changes in - Seco Valley. The lima beans grqw on tho broad,- sunny lowlands, aro harvested, and grow ugniu. Tho canon brook still sings its love- song to tho blossoming, hill-tides. The owls and the mocking birds, the squirrels and the lizards, live as before, but tho vines run rampant over the brood piazzas of the ranch- houso in Seco Oanon. Only a few complain ing doves have their homes in the low garret. Whon Mr.' and Mrs. Rohort Livingstono returned to livo in New York, thoir friends '«anie4 them back with .open arms. It . as : bom. Mr. Livingstone had not . covered him self with tho glory or lined his purso with gold in his ranohing sohemo ; but it was tho chango in Mrs. Livingstono that excited tho most cominont. Th6 snowy hair, the rest less, hunted expression, ana absent manner spoko of somo stupendous chango from her old self. To only ono trusted friend did sho confide the mystery of hor lifo: Every night nt twelve o'clock there appeared to her two fierce, hnrd oyes, whiah would not turn till sho was nearly beside herself with horror. 