A CHAT WITH AN ACTOR. Ip. Lionel Brough. A Command to Windsor, A representative of tho Westminster Gazette had au interesting chat with Mr. Lionel Brough, a woli-known London come dian, juss as ho was leaving England last month for Cape Town, whither he was going for the fourth time on a professional tour. " If you want to know," remarked Mr. Brough, after soma preliminary conversation, " about nty long petti coats age — although I navo played in Frocks since — every low comedian docs that, yon knew — you must ask, as the boys say in tho dramu, my mother.' I fancy, although tho dear old darling is— I said good-bye to her last night — 92, and every faculty still perfect, she will be ablo to toll you that Lai ' was a portent baby.; " Like Jack-in-the-box, 1 suppose tho next question you will put to ma is, Whcro do I livo? Now, look out of tho window. Quick ! Do you see between the chimney pots that old tree We were whirling ht express rate through South Lambeth, " Weil, that tree is in my garden— the house is ono in which Fuuntiuroy, tho forger, used to live. It has bceu my home for 25 years. When I first hung up my hat iu the hall the house was a delightful euburbau villa— Lambeth was all gardcus titcn. Ac tually now I am built up. "Born an actor? Every man is born an uccor, or circumstances may qualify him for ouc. Like the Siaincso babes,' mine was a twin lot. I was in the fryingpun of the drama from the beginning and naturally iiko most lovers of Thespis, presently I poppod into tho fire. But a good deal happened beforo the footlights be came the daily bread winner. My turn out into the world took place among tho picture papers. The initial berth into business was at the Illustrated London News office. There, tinder Mr. Ingram'B roof, when ' boys will be boys,' I spent some happy days. But in 1855 canto a boom for a penny daily, aud Colonel Sleigh, with ideas from over the water, swept the field, and started tho Daily Telegraph. I, as a young man, took activo service. And, let me tell you, that year, .1855, saw some innovations in the newspaper world. Why, we were tho first to put tho newspapers on the Btreets, Tho street boy's were, as they arc very generally to-day, little worldingi — shoeless, hatloss and with torn breeches, picked up from, or jnst outside, tlto refuge. We started with 280 lads, though, with out a doubt, thoro were weeds ami arrant knaves among thorn. At fir9t at night moit of the bays paid up like trumps — pro. Bently some were a littio short, then later shorter still, and, alas 1 at the end the ma jority played tile 'goat.' Out of the 280 waifs but 84 romaiucd honest. And of these it delights mo to say, thrco became the largest newsagents in London, and, aB the good fairies say, evcutually 'kept thoir carriages.' But the Daily Tele graph was not to be allowed for long to hoiu the kerb alone. A year later tho Morning Star was its neighbor, with Mr. Justin M'Cnrthy as one of tho helmsmen. I suppose I must have been erratic as a young man. I joined tho Morning Star oti the day following its birthday, and was with tho paper for five years. After that, the wheel of lifo took another turn. Every body was gossiping about the Polytechnic. To tho Polytechnic I went, nnd with a drawing-room entertainment as tho ob ject to fill the money bag. My fellow help was a magic lantern— the biggest sheet on record, 30 x 29. We retold the oid fairy talcs. Cinderella was Book I. — and what "a book it was ! Soven well-known men had their fingers in the pic, among them being R. and \Vm. Hoiliday, H.J. Byron, Fred Laurence, Blanche und Tom Robertson ; whilst such nrtist3 as Qino and Crowquil supplied tho pictures ; and Childs was the only lantern artist who couid paint fine onougit— tho Pre-Raphaeiitos were not in it for detuil — on tho glass for the slides. Cinderella had a good life. Then we put up Der Freischutz, which ended in my drop ping in for Poppet's Ghost. Round aud round the provinces we went. Presor.tly the little people at Windsor wanted to see how Peppcr'B was done, and, by command, to Windsor I journeyed. But the secret was kept. The only royalty that found it out was a visitor— the late Emperor Frederick— and he as a ghost. lie came wiiilst I was in the thick of fixing up opera tions. " 'Tell me how the ghost is done, Mr. Brough,' said he. It is a dead secret,' said I. ' Never inind,' was tho reply, ' bntshnw me the trick.' ' Well, then,' was my answer, ' if you let me make a dead man of you — dead men tell no taloi — I'll show you. Stand here 1' 'I went down into the pit, turned up tho lights, and ran my sword through Prince Frederick's body, or rather, his ghost. The Imperial person was per fectly satisfied, and kept the ghastly secret. "Once more I played hop-scotcb, and went back to tho world of lotters. This timo to be with Messrs. Tinsloy Brothers, and more or less to prospect. Our greatest literary find was Miss Braddon. The con nection came about by discovering a serial of hers that was running in a magazine, and growing in popularity as number after num ber left the press. Thu book rights were bought for a mere song. But the venture turned out so well that long before the bonk wont out of thn running the honorarium was made up to £1999, for we conld not afford to part with our find, aud must secure her next nova!, "Bat all throngh I suppose my soul was on 'the boards.' In 1859, with otiier Savages, I played in 'The Forty Thieves ' ut the Lyceum, Each brigand was a Savage. Then a year and more later, iu 18G2, came the awful cotton famine, and the Savages were called upon to act. Wo took ' The Forty Thioves' to the north, and couped in £709 in two nights for tho famine fund. " Here came another turning-point. Alex ander Henderson saw me play and captured me. The boards of Glasgow first, and then Liverpool becaino my habitat. What days those Livorpool days were ! The ins and ont8, the ups and downs, would fill a library. Ask the crowd about ihcm— I nnd Saker, and Saker and I, as Castor and Pol lux, or as the Two Twins, &o.;, &e.;, all happy on our £3 a week. Look down the list to day, and sec who docs not owe that little house at Liverpool something— Irving, Toole, Bancroft, Wigan, Wyndhatn, Clayton — there, I liavo forgotten half. The house was always full — £78 a night, which in London, would mean at least £150. But then what a man we had at tho helm ! He was a splendid administrator— didn't care a hang for acting, but knew exactly what the people wanted. " Yes, it falls to tho lot of each actor to originate. Tho Squire in David Gurrick was mine, and I fancy I may lay claim to John Chodd in 'Society.' But London is ovcry man's nmbition, and after play ing in Liverpool for four or five years I found a footing ut tho old Queen's Thcatro in Long Acre. I en joyed my parts thoro— ' The Double Mar riage came first, then ' Dearer Than Life," and. 'Uncle Ben' was a creation. Bat somehow things grew perverse, A little baud of us— Irving, Toole, Wyttuham, Clayton and I— put on our hats ouo day and walked cut. A lucky day for some of us certainly, as future events have shown. " Well, tho next big venture on the whcol of life was 'Rabil and Bijou,' at Covcnt Gar dcus— a fuiry plsy before its time. I fancy tile play cst eomo £200,009 to stage and run. Tin re wus a big deficit at lite finish. No fewer, than -1S2 people wete nightly en gaged in the play,. and, as you know, Bouci- eault left us at tho critical moment, and I had to take the helm for the seven months that the 'fairy dream' filled the stags. Then came a turn at the Gaioty under Hoi- lingshead, followed by a long. run in 'She Stoops to Conquer' at the St. James's. I liavo played Tony Lumpkin 770 times. In reality I ma/ Buy that I know every stage in London, and have been godfather— said the first words—to seven playhouses. "And as to colonial experiences. Well, I have, enjoyed litont too. My present ran is 'a brief ouc. I am going up to Johannesburg with Mr. Lusoombe Scarullo to rccontre for a fort night, but I tnuat bo back op January 15 to join Mr. Ueerbohin Tree for bis Amcrioin tour, 'Tho Johannesburg trip this time is altogether different from the old one. I go alone, with Mr. Seareils. For the old visit .'up country' journey to Pre toria we employed ho fewer than 330 hotscs, and at times only 2Slb, of baggago was allowed, and that meant. a scanty wardrobe, you guess. Moro titan once our Itouto was the stock exchange, tho 'hulls' and the 'bears' wonld be in possession till late in the day, then we would enter the place to wards evening ami transform it into a jilay house. A different piece every night filled. tho stage. . Our repertoire consisted of 32 plays, and I might say that daring six and a half months out of our eight months', tramp abroad, rehearsals look place every day. There were few free days. But wh'eu we did make holiday we did make, boiiday. Tho record of these spare moments must wait for another day. 'The lowost'pricod scats in tho house were 10s fid. Let nte say, however, perhaps one of tho most rcmurkahlo sights in the world is the otie that you may ace under the row of poplars' at that Cairo of the South, Johannesburg. Here, on a Sunday, congregate the oddest of fish, very often in a cloud. of 'Capo Smoke' — that veritable home-brewed; brandy which is to be pur chased nt Is a bottle. Among the loun gers you will discover a black whose only; garment is an. artilleryman's jacket, another whose solitary wardrobe con sists of a city policeman's coat, and a third swell , wearing the uniform of a metropolitan fireman. Tho 'Johnnies' are as proud as peacocks of those articles of clothing, ospeeiaiiy of the artillerymen's lace jacket." If one obtains a jacket covered with lace facings such as tho drivers wear, ho immediately thinks he is a real, right, royal, regal general. I fancy tho cost of these worn-out articles of clothing, which are shipped in bulk, is is each. But bore we are at Southampton." 