THE SPANISH ARMADA. THE CONCLUDING SCENES. The Armada had been ostentatiously a religious crusade. The preparations ' had been attended with peculiar solemnities. In the eyes of the faithful it was to be tbe execu tion of Divine justice on a wiokod princess aud a wicked people, mine eyes 01 minions wnose convictions were lees derided it was an ap peal to God's judgment to deride between the Reformation end the Pope. The Spaniards were experit need sailors ; a voyage round the Orkneys and round Ireland to Spain might be tedious, but at that season of tbe year need not have seemed either dangerous or difficult. On inquiry, how ever, it was fonnd that the condition of the fleet was seriously alarming. The provisions placed on board at Lisbon had beeu found unfit for food, and almost ell had been thrown into the 6ca. The fresh stores takeu in at Corunna had been consumed, and it was found lhat at the present rate there ivould be nothing left in a fortnight. Worse than all, the water-caeks rc-filled there had been carelessly eto wed. Tbey had been SHOT THROUGH IN THE FIGHTING and were empty ; while of clothing or ether comforts for the cold regions whizh they were entering no thought had been taken. The mules and horses were flung overboard, and Scotch smacks which had followed the retreating fieet reported thatthoy had sailed for miles through floating caresses. Tbe rations were reduced for each man to a daily half- pound of biscuit, a «it of water and a pint of wine. Thus, sick and hungry, the wounded left to Die care of a medical officer, who went from ship to ship, :he subjects of so many prayers were left to encounter the climate of the North Atlantic. Tbey passed ihe Orkneys in a flingle body. They iken parted, it was said in a fog, but each com mander had to look out for himself and bis men. In many ships water must be had somewhere, or thoy would die. The Sau Martin, with sixty consorts, went north to the sixtieth parallel. From that height the pilots promised to take them down clear oi \tie oust. The winil still clung 10 tbe west, each day blowing bxrdet than ilie last. When they braced round to it their wounded spars gave way. Their rigciog parted. With the greatest difficulty ihey made at least sufficient offing, and rolled down somehow out uf sight of land, Dll TING THEIR YARDS IX THE ENORMOUS SEAS. Of the rest, one or two went down among the Western Isles and became wrecks mere, their crews, or part of them, makins their way through Scotland to FUndcr. Others went north to Shotlaud or tho Faroe Islands. Between thirty end forty were tempted in upon ibe IrUh coasts. There were Irishmen iu the fleet, who must have told the.n that they would fiod. ibo water there for which they were periehiDir. safe harbors, and u frieudly Catholic peoplo ; and thsy found either fcarfiore which they could not reach or eea-waffied sands and reefs. They were all wrecked ut various places between Donegal and tbe Klaskeis. Something like eight thousand half -drowned wretches STRUGGLE!) ON SHORE ALIVE. Mauy wore gejileraen, richly dressed, with velvet coats, pold chains and rings. The common sailors aud soldiers had leen paid their wages Leforc they started; each had a bag of ducats lashed to his waUt when ho Jaoded through the «urf. 'The wild Irish of tbe coast, tempted bv the booty, knocked unknown numbers of them on tbe head with their bstllcaxes, or stripped them naked and left them to die cf the cold. Ou one lonu sand strip in Eiigo &n; Englith officer counted ELEVEN HUNDRED BODIES, and lie heard that there were as many more a few miles distant. The better- educated of the Ulster chief, the O'Rourke uud O'Doncell, hurtled down to stop the butchory aud spare Ireland the shame of murdering helpless Catholic friends. Many — how many cannot he said — found protection in their castles. But even so it seemed as if some iucvorable talc pursued all who had sailed in that doomed expedition. Alonzo de Lcyva. with half a hundred youug Spanish cobles of high rank who wore tinder his special chaige, made bis way in agalleas iuto Killibeg. He wa? Limsell disabled in landing. O'Donucll received and touk care of him and his companions. After re maining in O'Donnell's castle for a month he recovered. The weet her appeared to mend. The galleass was patched up, and l>e Leyva ventured an attempt to make his way in her to Scotlaud. He had passed the ! worst danger, and .Scotland was almosi, in sight ; but Fate would have its victims. The galleass stiuck a rock off Dunluce and weDt to pieces, ami Don Alonzo aod the princely youths who had sailed with him were WASHED ASHORE, ALL DEAD, to find an unmarked grave in Antrim. Most pitiful o: all was tbe fate of those who fell juto the hands of the English garrisons in G&lway; and Mayo. Galleons had found iheir way into Gal way Bay ; one of (hem had reached G&lway; it-:elf, the crews half dead with famine, and offer ing a cask of wine for a cask of water. The G&lw;&y; townsmen were human and tried to feed aud care for them. Most were too far gone to be revived, and died of exhaustion. Some might have re covered, but recovered they would be a danger to the State. Tbe English in the West of Ireland were but & handful iu the midst of a sullen, half-couauercd popu lation. Tbe ashes of the Desmond rebel lion were still smoking, and Dr Sanders and his Legatine Commission were fresh in immediate memory. The defeat of the Armada in the Channel could only have been vaguely heard of. All that English officers could have accurately known must have been that an euormons expedition had been sent to England by Philip to restore the Pope ; and Spaniards, they fcund, were landing in thousands iu tho midst of them with arms and money ; distressed for the moment, but sure, if allowed time to get their ftrcngth again, to set Conuaught in a blaze. They bad no fortresses to hold so many crisoners, no means of feeding them, no men to spare- to escort them to Dublin. They were respon eible to the Queen's Government for the safety of the country. The Spaniards had not come on any errand ot mercy to hor or hen. The stern order wont out to KILL 1HEM ALL wherever they might be found , and two thou - and or more were shot, hanged, or put to the sword. The sixty ships which had followed the San Martin succeeded at last in getting round Cape Clear, but in & condition so&rcely; less miserable that that of their companions who had perished in Ireland. Half their companies died — died of untended wonnds, hanger, thirst and famine fever. The ear vivo re were moving skeletons, more shadows and ghosts than living men, with scarce etreueth left them to draw a tope ot handle a tiller. In eome fihipB there wis no water for fourteen daye. Ihe weither in Ihe lowor Utitudoa loet pirtof its violcnoe. or not ono of thorn would have eaen Spniu »g«n Ae it woe, they drifted on outeide Soilly and iito the Bay of Biscay, and in tbe second week in September they dropped in one by ooe. 