CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE AT PETERSHAM. The Christian Conference, which opened on Monday, was resumed yesterday afternoon at tho Town-hall, Petersham, tho Rov. W. G. Taylor presiding. Thero wero also present tho Revs. J. E. Carruthers J. YV. Leadley, G. James, S. Wilkinson, J. Paton, J. Gar- diner, W. Clarke, R. Bavin, T. Davis, w. Brown, S. Jones, J. Green, H. Martin, J. Straughen, S. Ella, G. Dunkley, Dr. Porter, W. W. Rutledgo and W. Allen (hon. secreta ries), There was a largo attendance. Tho Chairman, In opening tho meeting, said that they met that day jinder a very dark and heavy cloud. Tho sad and deeply painful news had come from China of the putting to death there of a body of Christian missiona ries, struck down at the post of duty, some of whom were personally known to several friends present that day. Two of them, sis ters, stayed for a time at a house not far dis tant from that hall, and news had come to tho Church Missionary Society giving somo very painful facts connected with the deaths of those who had thus been so suddenly removed to Heaven. Mr. Stewart, who, with his wifo and child, was killed, was known to many people In Sydney, and the sad story of their death was rendered still more painful by lt3 sad surroundings. In presence of. such a ca lamity they ought to pour out their hearts to God in prayer, seeking that He would bless and comfort the families who had been so grievously afflicted and the Church that had been so bereaved, and that He would raise up successors to carry on tho work among the teeming millions of China. The Rev. J. E. Carruthers then engaged in prayer, making an earnest appeal that tho friends of the martyred missionaries might be comforted, and their martyrdom bo blessed to the Church in the prospering of tho cause of Christ in China. The Rev. G. Lane gavo an address on "Tho Knowledge of Chirst Ministered by the Holy Ghost," in the course of which he said that ho regarded it as one of the hopoful signs of tbo times that In our thinking, speaking, and living we were giving more prominence than ever before to tho Holy Spirit of God. During tlio last quarter of a century there had gathered round that great doctrine quite a literature of its own, and ho thought thoy could trace tho results in the enlarged enter prise the Church, the stronger love, tho greater enthusiasm, tho nobler courage, and the marvellous fruits that had followed the teaching of tho Church, particularly In tho great fields of modern Christian effort. Tho Holy Spirit Is the groat teacher of the Church of God. For all tho knowledge wo have con cerning Christ, indeed, wo are indebted to the Holy Spirit. The Holy Book itself was the work of the Spirit of God, as also the continu ed protoctlon of His people, the growth of the Church, and thoso wonderful records of early Church History given In the Acts of the Apostles. Nothing but a prolonged study of tho truth in the light of the Holy Spirit will enable us to grasp tho truth of Christ, who is the Lord of Ute Bible and of the Church. It was for us to malm sure that ho is also tho Lord of our hearts. Tho Rev. H. Martin followed, with an ad dress on "His Knowledge Obtained, Retain ed, and Perfected by Faith," pointing out that tho power which Raved was the somo power and charm which led wanderers back who had grown weary of following God, and that we entered into tho knowledge of Christ as our Saviour through faith, and wero also kept and perfected in our belief through faith. This closed tho afternoon meeting. In tho interval, the Rov. Ralnsford Bavin addressed a considerable gathering on the subject of "Dealing with the Anxious." The main dif ficulty of tho time, he said, was to get people to bo anxious. Many of the young i>eople would listen to the most solemti truths with absolute indifference, an Indication, he feared, that Christians had failed In their duty of couvlctlug the people of sin. The ono great question before the Church at this moment was how to get' peoplo to be anxious. The duty of all Christian souls, therefore, was to qualify thomselvfes to arouse people aud to deal with them wheu aroused. We had to realiso that wo stood to tho anxious in tho relation of spiritual physicians, and tho first thing we havo to aim at Is to diagnose each case accurately. Mr. Bavin then gavo some practical advice as to the best means of treat ing different types of inquirers. There was a crowded attendance at the even ing meeting, the proceedings being character ised throughout by intense fervor. After de votional exercises, tho Rev. T. Hill spoke of "This Knowledge Resulting in Likeness to the Lord," and he was followed by tho Rev. T. \V. Leadley, who took as Ills theme "This Know ledge Resulting in Work for tho Lord." The conference will be resumed this after noon. 