ttHE MAN WITH THE STRAW ' ? J*-, .HAT' {NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] , ' ' , ' A TRUE STORY. ^ BY EDMUND DOWNEY. Author 'of 'A Houno of Te^rs,' ?! Anchor ' W«toh Yarns,' &c.; (CorlBIOHT.) ''Mamma, dear, why .do you lot that horrid inon'como into our room at night ?' ' ! 'What man, darling ?' I naked, scarcoly heed ing tny child's question. ! ' ' The miuinith the strew hat, who stands Before your dressing-table and does something to his neck.' ' I put down the book I was rending in my bedroom and went over to my child!s cot. . j ' Go to sleep, Teddie, dear,' I murmured, catching his outstretched hand and chnfing it. ('You have been dreaming, my pot.' I ' Oh, no, mnmmit, dear,' naid the boy, rising ,np to a sitting posture in hin cot, ' I nm not dreaming. I have not boon to sloop yet. Ihnvo ibecn trying to keep my oyes on you, but I could not noip looking at tno man. no iriRUtcBs mo ? so much, mamma, dear.' ' I was quite alarmed now. What could bo the [matter with my denr child — my only child — my ibeautiful, sensible, nonsitivo, little Teddy ? Hit was only six years of nge, but he scorned almost ?awisonnil as gentln ns his father — my darling who had left mo for ever just six months before 'Oh, mammn, denr, why do you let the horrid ?nan come into our room P' pleaded tho child, Uiu tears coursing dovm his bright chubby dear papa !' | I burst into a flood of tears. But in n fow : moments I succeeded in checking tho torrent 'of my griof and turned towards my boy. | There was plenty of light in the small bed |room. A brilliant reading-lamp lay on tho dressing-table. I gnzed earnestly into my boy's wistful brown eyes. Hu was undoubtedly wido awake, and as 1 passed my hand over his face I ? found his white brow was quite cool. ? j ' . 'What is it, Teddie dear ?' I asked. 'There is no man in tho room, of course.' I ' But there was just a fow moments ago linamina.' I ' Indeed thoro was not, my pet.' ' 'But I saw him, mamma. Ho came last week too, and I was awake and saw him. You bad left the room for a while, and ho came in at tho door and went over to the dressing-tablo and he jdici something strango with his neck. Then I jihut my oyes and when I opened them ho was jgone. You came into the room then, but I was ?? jtoo frightened to tell you.' I I was in a fover of alarm now. What could ail my child ?' ] '' You were dreaming, Teddie, dear,' I per sisted, stooping over him and kissing his lips and his cheeks. ' Go to sleep, my pet.' j , 'I am so frightened, mamma, dear. All the week I was afraid to nsk you about the man. To-night he came in again while you were read line, »nd he stood quite close to you and looked ,into the looking-glnss and did something to bis neck. And then I shut my eyes tight. Won't 'you promise not to leave mo to-night, mamma, Idear ?' i ' I promise, my pet,' kissing him again and Jto sleep, dear, while I read my book.' What could ail my darling p I wondered, as I .stood near his cot patting his shoulders with my ?hand. Ho had never been an odd child, never jbeen seriously ill ; he had always slept wonder ?fully well : it was uot easy to frighten or startle ihiui. He had never hud any nurse but myself, ;«ud I, had never told him stories of ghosts or fairies, nor had I allowed him to hear auy Buch talcs'. I had always been his companion — he was tny one thought, my one idol, always excepting (that other idol, aiy darling dead husband, who who had shared his great love with Teddie and me. \- The houBe I wns now living in was situated lard by the banks of the Thames. It was a jpretty little detached cottago, and I had secured lit furnished at a wonderfully cheap rental — an .important consideration, ns my means were 'Barrow, and all that could be saved or spared ,euould be lavished on my beloved child. ' The following morning — Saturday — Teddio ?seemed to be quite himself again. Ho romped with me, walked out with me, talked to me just [as usual ; and as he made no reference to the etrange man of his dreams — for I had no doubt ?t was a dream which had disturbed him — I (?nought it best to keep silence on the unpleasant jriibject. Nor did the child refer to tho dream during tho next 'week. At least up to Friday night. . ? . On Friday evening shortly before eight Vcloek.ns I wns tucking him up in his cot, my larlingboy said, ?????' Mamma, you will promise to remain with Veto-night ?', ? ?',?'..'' 'Yes, dear,' I replied, ' if you wish it.' ? Then I. kissed him and sat down in the grow ing twilight. There was _ no one living with us m, the .cottuge. A little girl from the neighbourhood did all the rough house work for me during the ', day. and usually went homo about eight o'clock. As I did not go downstairs my little maid of all j work came up shortly nf tor eight o'clock to ... ;Jet me know she was going. A sudden irapnlse iwrged me, and I said, '' Will you cell Dr. i Jackson to give me a call this evening ? You ;pass his house on your wa.v home, I think ?' \- Ah soon as the little, girl was gone I got my ilamp alight— Teddie was used to the light nnd .jit never seemed to disturb his sleep — and sat ?down near the dressing-table . I was in a some what tremulous condition— though I am not i ordinarily weak of nerve— and. found myself agitated by every sound which reached my ears. About nine o'clock I was horribly alarmed to ?hear a piteous cry from my child. 1 laid down ;niv book hurriedly oud went. over to him. '?Mamma. ! mamma !'. he cried. 'There he is again !? Oh, why do yon lot; him come into ,,. our room?' ' - I stared round the 'little bedroom but could . «see nothing strunge. -, ' There he is now, . mamma denr — near the Clio lamp on the dressing table I' pointing with [his forefinger. 'And now he is going to 'lift; his hand to his neck.' I pressed my terrified child to my bosom and ., soothed him with words of love nnd clinging ?pressures. In a few moments ho hud regained !his ordinary manner, and I allowed his head to isink back on the pillow. - . ' I Just then I heard a loud knock at the door. J My boy stnrted. 'Can this be the man again, jnttunma; dear ?'' said he— 'tho horrid man with pie Jargo straw bat ?' 'I 'Ho, darling,'! I murmured. 'It is the doctor. li hn«» asked him to come and aeo my little ''Tcddm, You will not miud mo leaving you for ?. ai iuumran. lo.iub mo aoctorjn i ? ;,' ? : At first Tuildie clung to me, but another knock 1 Ai tho hall door reached our cars, aud my dear iboy, murmured — ! ' i'.,fcel all right now, mamma. I know he | won't do.me back again. Don't bo long.' I I hurridJ down the short flight of stairs and 'let in Dr. Jackson, a kind, middle-aged gentle ;,, nan, whose face was familiar to me. I brought (th. *- doctor up At onco to my child and whispered tivli 'im ttoak he was suffering from an attack of 'night 'vaaxe, aud that be hnd a strange delusion |that he**1'* H rasn witl1 ft lar8e ''raw hat \n tho ? room. 'I The dBL-*w looked curiously at me, and then felt the chiiN;'*I'ulse- He asked me some general IqueationsalK.N*'11'^ health, and took his tem Iperaturo. ? ': V ' ? ' 'Tho child i-*«» all right,' said Doctor IJnckson, address!. *»JS m« »i « low voice. 'I 'don't think you net '» feo warmed. But could I nave a word with yoiV'' of ?'» hearing ?' I ? .'The doctor wants O «po«K to me downstairs, iTedjdie,' I said. 'Do j mu raind my leaving you stone for a few moments . ' ''? , ' No, mamma dear,' he .uiiwsred. ' Only ' lleavo tho door of tho room i^pen, won't you P' j When wo reached tho parlonr.^ho doctor, with I*, gravo face, said — v i ' This is certainly a most extraordinary jaffair— most extraordinary ! Your^\ehild has .nccn, three Friday nights in succession, a man [with a large straw hat standing in fronts of the v dressiag-tuble, doing something to his neck, as I the little man puts it. Do you know anything 'of this house ?' j ' Nothing whatever, except that it in very ! ^pretty, very comfortable, and very cheap,' I tsnswered. ! ' Woll, madam,' said Doctor Jackson, ' my ^advice to you is to hums he pretty, comfortable, ?cheap house »t ouce — there is no occasion to get . (too into trouble with thn agents by telling them ;|you are action on my professional advice.' ' But why ? What is the matter ?' I asked. i '1 will tell you,* mid the doctor, ' and then /you can deride for rourRelf . And plenso undor jitand, I am »o bnlinvnr ill ghosts, but this is (?er.t«inly x ruos;. pn7/.!u-(; rase. This house wns (??cunt for a Iwilvcsiriiui beforo you took it. Tho last nucupier wus a rain of somewhat evil reputation- -he owned the house, I understand— who was very fi.:ul of boating. Ono Friday i»*vAnq. nb'mt niiiu o'clock, lie returned from I kbe river. . He was .?^.)iig a largo Htraw but ; 'thsv I rnoliett w.,, f/i I r«ini-iiil-'T feeing it »» IU» rsi'v- «vt» I « vi »t-!lc(i iu, H« out liia throat, standing in fronj of tho drcssing-tablo in tho bedroom,' I left the nwful houso that night, more dcac than alivo. My boy is a strong mnn now, and one whom it would bo hard to frighten, hut lio. remombors still, with a feeling of horror, tho ?unaccountable vision— tho vmion doniod to me — of tho mnn with thn straw hat standing in front of tho dressing- tnblo in the little bedroom. [Tim End.] 