THE' CABDIWAL AT THE GUILD :...:?.? . -HALL.- ..?;?: : : : CATHOLIC AND PROTESTANT MISSIONS CONTRASTED. A REVIEW 01? THE NINETEENTH OENTUKY. A CRUSHING REPLY TO ENVENOMED CHARGES. The Rev. Dr. Brown in his address at the Wesleyan Centenary Hall, last week, with the Anglican Bishop of Sydney presiding, asserted that the Catholic missions throughout the world were a failure, and threw down the gauntlet to the Cardi nal-Archbishop of Sydney. The challenge was at once taken up by the Cardinal, and on Tuesday night the Guild Hall, Castlereagh-street, was crowded by Catholics and Protestants, who_ were anxious to hear his Eminence on ' The Missionary Field in the Nineteenth Century.' M. Biard d'Aunet, Consul- General tor France, occupied the chair, and among the occupants of the platform and the front chairs were his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary-Bishop of Sydney; Colonel Bell (Consul for the United States) ; E. M. Paul (Consul for Russia) ; Carl Sahl (Consul for Germany) ; Theodor Boesen (Consul for Denmark) ; Captain Amora (Consul for Nicara gua) ; the Right Rev. Monsignor O'Brien (Rector of St. John's College), Monsignor Verdon (Presi dent of St. Patrick's College, Manly), Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, V.G. ; Very Rev. Dr. Burke (St. Patrick's College, Manly) ; Very Rev. C. Nulty, S.J. (President of St. Aloysius' College) ; Very Rev. Z. F. Muraire, S.M. (Villa Maria) ; Very Rev. P. Le Rennetel, S.M. ; Very Rev. Father Bontenms. M.S.H. (Superior of the Gilbert Islands I Missions) ; Very Rev. Peter Treand (Superior of the | Missionaries of the Sacred Heart), the Very Rev. Fr. O'Callaghan (Provincial of the Passionists), I Very Rev. Vincent Grogan (Superior of the j Passionists in Australia), Very Rev. P. Slat I tery, O.S.F. ; Very Rev. P. V. Dwyer j (President of the Sacred Heart College, of \ West Maitland), Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, \ T. M. Slattery, K.C.S.G., City Alderman I F. Penny, L.M., City Alderman M. Chapman, School Inspector W. Dwyer, Messrs. John M'Evoy, I John Bridge, E. J. Hollingdale, W. J. Hickey, E. J O'Farreil, P. T. Riley, C. Anderson, B, M'Bride, 1 F. B. Freehill, S. Hinton, Jas. Horan, J. Blakeney, ?j W. Armstrong, P. Cantwell, D. Curtin, W. J. I Dixon, Chas. O'Neill, C. Bovin (secretary to the 1 French Consul), D. Holland, P. J. Craddock, J. \ Connors, T. Bourke, T. Keary, R. Walsh, J. \ Tooher, W. M-Caffrey, P. Murphy, Dr. Laure, i Dr. C. W. MacCarthy, Dr. Flynn, Rev. \ J. . Carroll (Administrator of St. Mary's Cathe ? dral), Rer. Professors T. Hayden and J. Brosnan (St. Patrick's College), Rev. E. O'Brien, S.J., Rev. i Father Patrick, C.P., Rev. Father Colman, C.P., : Rev. Father Sylvanus Mansour (Syrian Catholic \ Mission, Sydney), Rev. J. P. Moynagh (P.P. Bal ; main West), Rev. P. J. Walsh (the Cathedral), Rev ; T. Phelan (the Cathedral), Rev. B. Carey (the Cathedral), Rev. W. Hayden (the Cathedral), Rev. C. Conway (Administrator St. Francis's, Hayrnar ket), Rev. A. S. Mullan, O.S.F. ; Rev. G. F. Birch, O.S.F. ; Rev. M. Battle, Rev.'J. Bunbury, Rev. J. P. Dunne (Balmain West), Rev. M. Kirby, Rev. J. J. O'Driscoll, Rev. R. O'Regan (Redfern), Rev. R. Collender, Rev. P. M'Intyre (Leichhardt), Rev. T. O'Reilly, P.P., Parramatta), Rev. E. M. O'Callaghan (Erskineville), Rev. T. Long (Lewis ham), Rev. Father Tracey (New Zealand), Rev. Father Flanagan (Diocese of Bathurst), Rev. Father Donze. M.S.H.. Rev. M. Brennan, S.J., Rev. D. O'Reilly, Rev. M. H. Ryan (Pyrmont), Rev. J. Furlong (St. Peter's, Surry Hills). Among the Protestant clergymen on the platform we noticed the Rev. Frederick Langham (Fiji), the Rev. A. 5. Webb (Fiji), Rev. W. Wells, Rev. C. J. Byng, Rev. Mr. Decastro (New Zealand), Rev. G. Watson (Victoria), and about a dozen others occupied reserved seats in the Hall. The following officers of the A.H.C. Guild were present: — T. J. M'Cabe (Warden- General), M. Hickey (Bursar- General), C, J. Morrissey (Secre tary-General), T. Kelly (Warden, Mount Carme branch), T. Larkin (Deputy Warden- General), J. Connors (Past Councillor), Mr. Halpin, Mr. James O'Connell, Mr. R. K. Walsh, Mr. John Devitt, and Mr. Michael Smith. Among the apologies received by the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, secretary for the lecture, were : — Sir Tohn Lackey, President of the Legislative Council, who also regretted, that absence from Sydney deprived him of the pleasure of being present at his Eminence's previous address on the '* Reunion of Christendom.' The Hon. Philip Gidley King, M.L.C., hoped ' he would have the opportunity of well considering the subject it is to treat in a full report, and its possible effect upon the world.' His Honor Sir George Innes ' regretted that ill-health prevented him from being present.' judge Murray intended to be at his Eminence's address, ?? but was still suffering from illness.' Judge Back house, the Hon. Dr. M'Laurin, the Hon. G. Goodchap, M.L.C., and Mr. Bruce Smith were prevented from attending by previous engagements. Mr. Julius Mergill, Consul for Austro-Hungary ; J. A. Falsted, Consul of Sweden and Norway ; Mr. Eldred, Consul for Chili ; Mr. Tillock, Consul for the Argentine Republic ; and Mr. Froment, Con sul for Belgium, being absent from town, regretted their inability to attend. Mr. Chapman, M.P., being detained by Parliamentary duties, sent one guinea to;the charity to which the funds of the lec ture are to be devoted. Mr. B. R. Wise, M.P., also, detained in Parliament, sent a cheque for two guineas with the apology, 'He should have liked much to hear his Eminence's address upon a sub ject of intense interest to all those, whatever their creed, who believe that the way out from social no less than private difficulties lies in the spiritualiza tion of life, and who would therefore neglect no in fluence which works against materialism.' THE LECTURE. After a brief introductory speech by the chairman (M; d'Aunet), . His Eminence, who was received with loud and prolonged applause, said :— I purpose to set before you this evening some sketches from the missionary \- field of the Catholic Church in this 19th century, and! I engage in this task that I may repel the envenomed charges which have been made against our Catholic missions and missionaries during the past days. (Applause.) Three propositions have been again and again repeated — 1st, that the Catho lic missions in this century have been a complete failure (laughter) ; 2nd, that the results oi Pro testant missions have far surpassed anything achieved by Catholic missions ; and 3rd, that the Catholic missionaries have been little better than poltroons, shunning the post of danger, and enter ing on the mission field only when the Protestant missionaries had sown the seed and borne the peril alike and the heat and burden of the day. Ladies and gentlemen, I will ask you to be a jury this evening to decide whether such propositions are honest, or honourable, or true. I will endeavour to set the facts of the case before you, appealing for the accuracy of my statement to non- Catholic witnesses, but as we will have to visit many mis sionary fields, I must necessarily be very brief. IN KOREA. First of all, T ask you to accompany me to Korea. That peninsular, which during the past months has so attracted the attention of the civilized world, was hitherto perhaps the most exclusive of the Eastern nations. It was not till 1876 that its first commercial treaty was concluded with Japan, and it was only in later years that a few of its ports were thrown open to foreigners. It was so exclusive that it was known as the Hermit Land. It is just 100 years since the first Chinese Catholic missionary in disguise penetrated into this pagan land, and the first Mass in the ' Hermit Nation ' was celebrated on Easter Sunday, 1795. A few years later this priest was arrested, and in 1801 he had the privilege with 300 of his converts of sealing with his blood the testimony of his faith. Other missionaries followed in his footsteps, and many of them shared his crown of martyrdom. In 1830, the first Vicar-Apostolic and two priostsfell victims to the fury of the persecution stirred up against the Christian name, and with them 127 natives were numbered among the martyrs. It was not till 1845 that the next Vicar-Apostolic could penetrate into the kingdom. One of his priests, Father Maistre, spent ten years in his endeavours to break through the barriers hedging in that pagan kingdom. He at length succeeded in 1852. InlSGGthp Catholic Church numbered 25,000 Christians, 'with several native aspirants to the priesthood. In the beginning of that year pagan fanaticism stirred up anew the embers of persecution. On the 8th March the Vicar-Apostotic, with three companions, was beheaded. Before the end of the month five other priests laid down their lives for the faith. A general massacre of the native Christians followed, and it was calculated that more than 10,000 perished, including the victims of the incre dible hardships and privations which were endured. Other Catholic missionaries, however, were soon in the field to oarry on the work of their mart)rred predecessors. To the present day their public preaching is prohibited, though freedom, of con science is guaranteed by treaty. In May, 1894, the number of Catholics was 20,840, with 26 priests and 36 native ecclesiastical students. (Applause.) Dur ing the preceding year, 14i3 adult natives had re ceived baptism. Where were the Protestant mis sionaries during all this series of persecutions and trials ? They were conspicuous by their absence from this missionary field. It was only when the ports were thrown open that they appealed upon the scene. The first resident Presbyterian mission ary came from the United States, and settled at Seoul in 188-i. He was followed by the methodists. Their congregations last year reckoned 177 mem bers. (Laughter.) Six other Protestant societies have now their missionaries in Korea, but as yet they report no progress. A Protestant minister who had visited Japan and Korea thus wrote of the Catholic missions in those countries in August, 1894 : — ' It is not surprising that the heroic mis sionaries of the Roman Church win the plaudits of onlookers who are net impressed by the plea sant home life, with wife and children and abun dant comforts, of the Protestant missionary. How ever out of sympathy with the dogmas of the Roman Church, their poverty, endurance, patience and suffering excite the admiration of us all. Every thoughtful missionary is forced to ask himself whether tut, Reformation did not go too far ; whether the priestly, monastic, militant types are not, after all, more in accord with the missionary spirit.' (Applause.) Mr. Johnston, in his 'Reality versus Romance' (London, 1893), inserts the follow ing statement as having gone the rounds of the reli gious press in England : 'Korea presents a striking illustration of the irresistible advance of the King dom of Christ. One of the most remarkable works of grace known in modern missions is that among the Koreans. Without having heard or seen a missionary, thousands of people have heard of Christ and turned to the service of God. These converts are the fruit oi the circulation of copies of the New Testament by the Rev. John Ross.' This paragraph finding its way to Korea, the Rev. Mr. Fenwick, Protestaut missionary at Wonsau in Korea, writes to the Chinese Recoiideu in Shangai repudiating such stuff and declaring that there cer tainly were not 50 such converts in Korea, and pro* bably there were not even a dozen. He adds : ' Concerning the New Testament that is said to be the translation of the llev. Mr. Ross, no Korean has yet been found who has any conception of its mean ing. Some thought perhaps it might be used on the border between China and Korea, but it has been accorded a fair trial there and failed to find a man who could understand its funny sounds.' (Laughter.) IN JAPAN. We now hasten to Japan. This was the mis sionary field of predilection of St. Francis Xavier. By the toil of that truly apostolic man and of those who followed in his footsteps, there were about two millions of Japanese Christians towards the close of the lGth century. The persecution that then began to rage against the Christian name was one of the most bitter and persistent ever recorded in the history of the Church. What is sad to recall, the fury of the persecutors was stimulated by the Dutch Protestants. The first fruits of the glorious Japanese army of martyrs were the 20 priests and religious who were crucified at Nagasaki on Feb ruary 5th, 1597. The soil was in truth fertilized by the blood af the native martyrs. The last Bishop, a Franciscan, was burnt alive in 1624. The The Catholic Church, so far as the hand of the per secutor could reach, was declared to be extinct in 1638\. For 206 years Christianity was regarded as extinct, nevertheless the families in some remote districts retained the lessons of divine truth, handed on from generation to generation the record of the heroism of their martyred brethren, and adminis tered baptism to the children. The Catholic mis sionaries re-entered on their spiritual toil in 1858. And before the close of 1SGG the number of Catho lics was reckoned at about 20,000. (Applause.) But once again a fierce storm of persecution was stirred up against them. The present Mikado or Emperor of Japan ascended the throne in 1867, and thanks to a revolution skilfully planned and enegetically car ried out, became in the following year sole ruler, invested alike with spiritual and temporal supre macy throughout the Empire. Ho inaugurated his reign by a fierce edict against the Catholics. In a few months 40,000 of the native converts were torn ; from their homes and distributed as criminals throughout remote districts. Yet they clung im movably to the faith. For six years that. persecut- ing policy was pursued, but everywhere the Chris tians gave proofs of the greatest heroism ; it is cal culated that during that period about 8000 of the Japanese Christians were subjected to torture, of whom nearly 2000 died in prison. It was not till the 14th March, 1873? that religious liberty was tacitly allowed, and the Christian prisoners and exiles were restored to freedom. The Rev. George W . Knox, an Ameri can Presbyterian, who had been a missionary in Japan, in a letter published in the New York Independent of August 11th, 1894, does not hesi tate to style the R. C. mission in Japan 'one of the miracles of missions, and a story of great suc cess.' (Applause.) There are at present in Japan 50,000 Catholics with one Archbishop and three Bishops, and 84 European and 20 native priests. There are ako 100 Europeans and 28 native reli gious Sisters, who have charge of three hospitals, 17 orphanages, with 2000 orphans, and other simi lar institutions. (Applause.) There is one institu tion, the home for lepers, that merits special men tion. Leprosy is a terrible scourge of the Japanese archipelago, and hitherto nothing could be more miserable or painful than the condition of the wretched and abandoned victims of this fell dis order. Now a comfortable home with pleasant sur roundings has been prepared for them by the zealous missionaries, their wants are attended to by the religious in charge, and every care is lavishly be stowed upon them that charity could suggest. Tho Russian Church has a large staff of richly-endowed missionaries with a fine cathedral at Tokio with 20,000 adherents. The Americans were the first Protestant missionasies to enter on this missionary field in 1859. There are now about 20 missionary societies of all Protestant denominations, and ac cording to their own statistics they reckon 35,534 followers. Miss Bickersteth (daughter of the Anglican Bishop) in her book, ?? Japan as we saw it,' writes that the contradictory nature and mutual recriminations of these various sects produces a most disheartening effect upon the keen and intelli gent mind of the Japanese. CHINA. From Japan we pass to China, which, though vanquished in the late struggle, still holds rank as the premier and most powerful empire of the Eastern world. Here again the blood of martyrs has been the seed of Christians. The martyrs were reckoned not by hundreds but by thousands. There were ten great persecutions in the early ages of the Church. More than ten times during- the past three centuries, from the year. 1600 to our own day, the persecution against the Church in China has burst forth with renewed fury, and yet the Catholic faith lives on. In the beginning of the present cen tury, the number of Christians scattered through out the five missions of China proper was reckoned at about 180,000. In 1890 there were 38 Bishops, 620 missionaries, and 370 native priests in charge of 38 missions, with 580,000 Catholics. (Applause.) But besides this there were in the Tonkin or Annam Mission 628,000 Catholics, making in all 1,208,000 Catholics. (Applause.) A distinguished Chinese visitor to France in the beginning of last year, M. Ly- Chao-Pee, holding high official rank, in a lecture which he delivered before the Geographical Society of Lyons, gave many details regarding the Empire. For instance, the palace of the Emperor, he said, was 50 times as large as the Louvre, and all brilliantly illuminated with electric lights. But regarding religion he remarked that ' there were many popular prejudices and superstitions to be overcome. He looked to Catholicity, which is pene trating more and more extensively into China, to ultimately destroy these prejudices.' He added : '? It is the only means. I have the most profound conviction that it is only Catholicity that will re generate my country.' (Applause.) This distin guished speaker considered that the number of Ca tholics in China proper was far underrated by the missionaries. From his sources of information he was persuaded that they numbered 1,095,000. He reckoned the number of Protestants as only 33,000. The Protestant missionary reports fur 1894, however, set forth that there were 42 different societies in the mission field, and that they reckoned 40,000 com municants. We have never heard, however, of Pio testant native converts or missionaries being mar tyrs for the faith. (Hear, and laughter.) Two years ago the Rev. Dr. Williamson, a veteran Scotch missionary, very appropriately remarked : ' Some thing must be done. In our present divided state we shall never Christianize China. Never !' Mr. Alexander Mitchie, of Tientsen, himself a Protes tant, in his ' Missionaries in China' (London, 1891), reckons the total number of Protest ants in China proper at 37,287.. A few words on the Protestant missionaries. The first missionary was Rev. D. Morrison, who landed in Macao in 1806 and died in Canton in 1835\. He was an humble apprentice in the boot trade before he entered on his missionary career. On his arrival in China he for a considerable time ' never ventured out of his house in Macao.' He seldom addressed more than one or two individuals and that, as he himself relates in his letters, ' in an inner apartment with the doors securely locked.'' (Laughter.) He received in 1818 an appointment at the Canton Factory with a salary of £500 a year, which was soon increased to £1000 a year. In 1834 he was further appointed Vice-Consul with a salary of £130u, but death cut short his singular oareer. The missionary results of his ministry were nil. He reports in 1S13 that ' the natives do not seem to feel the power of truth.' 1832 he reported that ten natives had been baptized. He gave them all em ployment in. a printing office which he had organ ized, but eventually they stole several cases of type and disappeared. (Great laughter.) A gentleman engaged in the British service in Koo-Lung-Soo writes in 1853 that there were stationed there two Catholic missionaries, ' quite young men, but in devotion to their duty, in true Christian charity, benevolence and strong religious faith, they ap peared to me to surpass any men I ever met with, they were so forgetful of self and so full of pity and compassion for others.' But of the Protestant mis sionaries he writes — 'They are not of a oharacter generally to have great success. They settle them selves down at the ports, surround themselves with comforts and confine their labours to the distribu tion of tracts written generally in very bad Chinese. The Chinaman sees one man devoting all his energies to the one purpose, and that an unselfish one, sacrificing comfort, health, society, and all that can make life desirable ; the Jother comes when he can do bo with perfect safety, bringing a wife and family, squabbling for the best houses, higgling iof wares, and provoking- contem pi by a lazy life;'' (Applause.) In Koo-Lung-Sooy where this letter' was written, there were only two Protestant converts, and they were accused of 'running off with the Communion plate.' (Laughter.) In 1862 we have an interesting report from the members of the scientific expedition, conducted by Colonel Saral, with the object of tracing a passage into India across the western frontier of China. They write : 'There is little doubt that the Roman Catholics have done much more in China than the world gives them credit for, and from Wan upwards we observed numerous Christians among the Chinese.' The report adds : ' Throughout our journey we did not meet with a single Protestant.'' Lieutenant Wood, of the United States Navy, after visiting the stations in China and Korea, writes (in. 1889) that outside the menials, who live about the. quarters of the missionaries, there are no Protestant; ' converts, and that even those menials quickly be come backsliders when their wages stop. Efforts have been made during the past 25 years to remedy this grave defect of the Protestant mis sions, and the Chinese Inland Missionary Society has been organized, which boasts of triumphant success. More than f o\ir hundred workers are en gaged — men and women, young and old, married and single. Some have come from the United States, others from Canada. From a report published in 1894, I learn that three ladies have come all the way from the Free Church of Finland. Even from the distant solitudes of Ireland an offer of ser vice has been made for that flowery and pleasant field. And yet I find that many thoughtful Pro testants regard this enterprise as the crowning dis grace of the Church which those self-constituted apostles are supposed to represent. No two of them agree in the doctrines which they preach. (He&r;, hear.) Some of them allow the Chinese to wavk on the Sabbath, others are Seventh Da.y Adventists, and every novelty of the home sects is sure to find an echo in Central China. Acoording to the latQSji but already stereotyped criterion of Proteatant ortho doxy, there are preachers High Church and er&sy;, Broad Church and hazj, Low Church and lazy. (Loud laughter.) Some alloy/ opium smoking,, others prohibit even the use of tobaooo, Ances-.. tral worship, and anti- vegetarianism, and ''a. hundred other fancies, are linked on to the Gospel.. Mr. Alexander Mitchel, a Protestant resident inj Tientsin, in his wofk, ' Missionaries in China/'' - wrote in 1891 : — ' A lady, fresh perhaps from some theological seminary, propounds for Chinese women — women who on the testimony of another experienced and keen-witted missionary lady,- are unable . to grasp the simplest abstract idea— a scheme of divinity so elaborate that if the salvation of our Bishops were made conditional on their mas tering it, the majority of their lordships would have sorrowfully to accept the alternative.'' (Laugh ter.) CEYLON. Proceeding on our onward course, Ceylon next invites our attention. It has been styled the gem of the East, the island of jewels, the rarest pearl in India's crown, the land whose flora and fauna are the paradise of those engaged in such pursuits. Throughout the greater part of the 17th and 18th centuries that beautiful island was a forbidden field to the Catholic missionary. As early as the year 1638 the Dutch, on the defeat of the Portuguese fleet, entered into alliance with Raja Singha, the native ruler, stipulating among other things the expulsion from Ceylon of all 'priests, friars, and Catholic clergy.'' From that date till the close of the 18th century a bitter persecution raged against everything Catholic throughout the island. The British rule may be said to date from 1795, when Colombo and Jaffna were captured, but the island was not formally surrendered till 1802. It was not, however, till the 27th May, 1S06, that civil rights were restored to Catholics in Ceylon, and the census made three years later (in 1809) gave the number of Cotholics as 83,595. It was only in 1828 that full liberty was given to the Catholic olergyj the Act of Emancipation being extended to Ceylom The Anglican and Presbyterian churohes continued to be regarded as the Established Churches till 1S81 ; and the salaries of the ministers conti nued till 1S86. We are therefore in the presence of a missionary field in which all the odds are with the Protestant missionaries. The census of 1871 gave the Catholic population of Ceylon as 184,399. According to the census of 1S91, their number had increased to 246,214. (Applause.) What is re-* markable, the Catholic schools in the public exami nations hold the first place and bear away the high est prizes of the Government. When the cholera raged throughout the island in 1892 the clergy gave proof of heroic devotedness in attending the poor sufferers. The assistant Government agent, Mr. Jack son, gave testimony to it in the fallowing words of his report: 'The fearless devotion of the Catho lic priests in. tending those strioken of their com munity was b,eynnd all praise, and proved of im mense value to. the oivil authorities in overcoming the panWand prejudices of the people.' (Applause.) When the Dutoh evacuated Ceylon the Protestant native population was registered as 340,000. These at once declared their read.in.essi to beoome members of the Anglican Ghuroh, but they no sooner learned that such a profession of the Anglican tenets was not required in order to enjoy the emoluments of the State than a great many of them relapsed into paganism. Haeckel, writing in 18S3, gave the number of ' Protestants, ohiefly Europeans, as 50,000.' The census of 1891 gives the whole num ber of all the various Protestant denominations aa 55,913. : . INDIA. We must; now ha8ten to India, that vast Empire which with its area as extensive as all Europe, its population of 287 millions, and its manifold distinct, raoes, would require a volume to place its missions in their true light; British rule in India may be said to date from the victory of Plassey in 1757,, and the Imperial authority was permanently secured throughout the whole of its vast territory in 1857. Nothing oouldbe more sad than the Con dition of the Indian Catholic Church at the cl oscof1 the last century, Tippoo Saib, in the 20 ye'axs oi' his devastating career, had put to tanth about 100,000 Christians in South India. In one day at Tanjore he had forced 40,000 to bo enrolled as ?.' Mahometans. The churches and schools and every vestige of the Catholic religion tl-$\t. came within, his reach were swept away. For upwards, of sixty years, that is from 1760 to H82I-, there were scarcely any European missiona-' ries to replace their martyred or exiled brethren. In the beginning of the present century, outside of the Portuguese territory, there were only three Bishops and 20, missionaries with two or three native p^sts, T.her-j seraajned, of the scattered. Mock of CatholicB throughout India about 130,000. At present the Indian hierarchy consists of eight Archbishops and 21 Bishops Avith their dioceses fully equipped as to clergy, and nuns,'and brothers. The number of Catholics in 1891, not including Burmah or Ceylon, was considerably over 1,620,000. (Applause.) For some years the annual number received into the Church has been over 190,000. The growth of religion in the Lower Provinces of Bengal, and their feudatories — at one time the least hopeful field for Indian mission work —was most striking. During the decade from 1881 to 1891, the Church of England increased by some thing more than 62 per cent., from 23,141 to 38,'231. But the Catholic Church during the same period increased more than 236 per cent., the advance being from 26,653 to 89,794, or more than four times that of the Church of England. (Applause.) On the other hand, the Baptists show a falling off of more than 1 3 per cent. The Church of Scotland had declined from 3683 to 2970, and unspecified Christians had also decreased from 20,210 to 7078. The change in Tinnevelly merits special mention. That district had long been pointed out as the typi cal district of Protestant missionary success. In the decennium from 1881 to 1891, the Protestants of all denominations decreased 8 per cent., whilst the increase of the lloman Catholics is registered at 22 per cent. (Applause.) At Madura, the Bishop. Monseigneur Canoz, died in J88S. He had laboured there as missionary and Bishop for 49 jrears. He built a college in which at his death there were 1000 students. He trained several native priests, one of whom preached his funeral panegyric. He personally received into the Church 20,000 con verts. At his death, the Hindoos, Mahomedans and Protestants vied with the Catholics in showing how they Iwved and revered the saintly prelate. (Applause.) I may now be permitted to refer to a few of the many witnesses who attest the zeal and devotedness of the Catholic clergy. Dr. Hunter, chief of the Education Department, in the third edition of his work on 'The Indian Empire,' ?writes that ' The Roman Catholics work in India with slender pecuniary resources. The Roman Catholic priests deny themselves the comforts con sidered necessaries for Europeans in India. In many districts they live the frugal and abstemious life of the natives, and their influence reaches deep into the social life of the communities among whom they dwell.'' The Rev. Mr. Hamilton, a Presbyterian, thus commended their heroic zeal in April, 139S : — 'Her missionaries are always crowding to every heathen country, and among the great populations of India and China number their converts by scores for every one that Protestants can count as the fruits of their labours. No degree of possible self-sacrifice de manded by their work turns them back. No danger appals them. Wherever she gains a foothold she Bpeedily erect3 the university, the college and the seminary as well as the church, and wins thousands of the sons and daughters of other religions, and even of Protestants, by the superior appliances with ?which she furnishes them. And close by the side of her school and church you will soon see her asylums for indigence and misfortune spring up. She is also a gentle and tireless nurse of human pain. Where the pestilence mows its deadliest swath of human lives, there you will see her Sisters of Mercy and Father Confessors, never shrinking from the touch of the plague and j£fiver leaving the field or remitting their ministries of care till the scourge departs or death discharges them. And many a good priest has evinced his sincerity as well as his courage by going into the battlefield where death fell the thickest that he might give the comforts and hopes of his religion to the dying. We sometimes hear it is said that the whole systom of Romanism is a shell, without a heart, or substance, or spiritual life^that the masses are duped by its false pretences, that its leaders know it is hollow. We shall never deal wisely with the evils in any great power which millions of human hearts love and trust and nnd comfort in until we learn to do it justice. We know that men do not endure half a century of voluntary pain and sacrifice for what is in their eyes transparent sham. Millions of thirsty souls, generation after generation, do not rush to the foun tain which has long ago run dry. When human hearts are seeking eternal life they do. not hold it so cheap as to take up with a patent counterfeit. Catholics find some deepest want of soul in their Church, or they would turn away from her as a false mother.' (Great applause.) India is the oldest of the Protestant missionary fields, and throughout all. this century it has had not only the prestige oil the governing power, but also the richest endowments for its missionaries and chaplains and eathechists. There are at present 65 Protestant missionary agencies doing work in India, and according to the ceusus of 1891, the number of Prote3tant3, not including Burmah and Ceylon, was 599,661, about half of whom were Europeans or of European descent. The total number of communi cants was only 182,722. After quoting Lord Valentia's ' Travels,' Mr. W'Uiftin Knighton, an English traveller who visited Calcutta in 1855, the report of the Church Mission ary Society for 1861-1862, Sir James Brooke's ad dress to the Protestant missionary societies at Liverpool, England, the Eev, Edward Storrow on ?' India and the Christian Missions,' Mr. Irving's .criticism in his work ' The Theory and Practice of -Ca3te,' Baron Von Schomberg's ' Travels in India and Kashmir,' Mr. Campbell's ' Ancient and Modern India,' the London Times, 1S58 and 18G2, £he Itev. Dr. Biekersteth's address to the meeting of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel (London), the Christian Rumemurancer 1860, and the Encyclopedia Biutannica (9th edition), to show the failure of Protestant missionaries in India, the Cardinal continued : — The Baptists, who in the home reports vrero des cribed as rivalling the Apostles in their labours and triumphs, had but littlo confidence in their aative proselyteo. Theae precious converts are described in 1825 as ' not only idle, debauched reprobates, but gross railera agaimit the truths of Christianity, who are not less loud in accurnng the missionaries of deluding them by false promisee than those are in stigmatizing their own proselytes as enemies to the Cross oi Christ.' In Calcutta the Baptist missionaries after cix years' toil, acknowledged that though many of the natives gathered around thorn, the number of their converts did not exceed four, (Laughter.) The Indepen dents, who had even richer resourc33 than the Baptists, declared that in seven yparp they had made only ono proselyte. An Anglican missionary, Rev. Mr- Townley, writes in 1822 that no progreno had been made in the work of conversions : ' When £ left Bengal there was one Hindoo, concerning whom $he missionaries io Calcutta had hope3, and he has since been actually baptised.' As late as 1855, another missionary: attests that 'as regards the great provinces of Bengal and Hindostan no material religious impression on the population either has been made, or is now being made.' There were, nevertheless, then as they are to-day, plenty of nominal converts. An American traveller in 1858 relates the following incident. I was informed by a native, he says, that ' all the Khit mutgras in Calcutta were Christians. I 'waB sur prised to hear this, and asked him to what church they belonged. ? Oh, sir !' he replied, ? they do not belong to any church, but they will all eat pork and drink brandy.'' (Laughter.) The Chief Judge of the Provincial Court of Madras, giving evidence before a Committee of the House of Lords, declared that ' no such thing is known as a convert by any of our English missionaries ' Canon Taylor, of St. Paul's, London, in a letter to the Timbs in 1887, writes that — 'According to the last report of the Church Missionary Society, throughout the whole northern and central region, comprising the Panjaub, Scinde, Bombay, Bengal, and the North-west and Central Provinces, there trere 841 missionaries and native agents, who are employed at a cost of £48,000. They made last year 279 converts, of whom only 17 seem to have been Mahomedans, and some of these few conver sions are not altogether froe from suspicion. One convert, for instance, was in prison, and another was the culprit's wife. A third was the second wife of a Mahomcdan to whom she seems to have taken an aversion, nnd who vainly implored her to return to him. According to Indian law, by de claring herself a Christian sue obtained an ipso facto divorce, and before long she was re-married to a Christian.' The same writer in the Foetnightly Review for October, 1888, in an article on 'The groat Missionary failure,' cites the words of Sir W. Hunter, who writes that ' the natives in India re gard the missionary as a charitable Englishman who keeps an excellent cheap school, speaks the lan guage well, preaches a European form of their own doctrines, and drives out his wife and his little ones in a pony-carriage,' and adds : 'The pony-carriage is obviously fatal to the missionaries' influence. General Gordon (applause), a zealous Puritan Pro testant, if ever there was one, found none but the Roman Catholics who came up to his ideal of the absolute self-devotion of the Apostolic missionary. In China he found the Protestant missionaries with comfortable salaries of £-300 a year, preferring to stay on the coast, where English comforts and Eng lish society could be had, while the Roman priests left Europe never to return, living in the interior with the natives as the natives lived, without wife, or child, or salary, or comforts, or society. Hence these priests succeed as they deserve to succeed, while the professional Protestant missionary fails. The missionary work is necessarily heroic work, and heroic work can only be done by heroes. Men not cast in the heroic mould are only costly cum brances.' BURMAH AND THE MALAY PENINSULA. From India proper we must hurry on to Burmah and Siam and the Malay Peninsula. In all these countries the progress of religion has been consider able during the past 50 years. In 1850 Burmah had only 8 missionaries and about 5000 Catholics. When England two years later seized on a portion of that territory , the Government avenged itself on the Christians. The churches, nresbvteries and schools were destroyed. One missionary was put to death; another fell a victim to the hardships of his im prisonment. At the present day there is the fullest religious liberty, and religion is flourishing. There are 45 missionaries with brothers and nuns, besides 13 native priests, 96 schools and 32,000 Catholics. (Applause.) A letter fromEast Burmah, addressed to the Allababad Morning Post, in the beginning of last year, passes a high eulogy on the Catholic missionaries, and contrasts them with the agents of Protestant societies : 'The Roman Catholics have established a mission here and are working with a zeal and energy coupled with a self-sacrificing self denial found nowhere outside the Church of Rome. Their work and self-denial is in strong contrast to the pretence of another foreign mission whose mem bers (some of them) live continuously in Toungoo, varied by trips to a sanatorium ©r the sea-shore. Many of the members of this precious set have gone in for filthy lucre, and make no secret of foisting upon the Karens patent medicines put up by their impecunious relatives in the home land. To this they add scents, soap, cheap calico, and even betel nuts.' (Laughter.) ' .... Siam, too, has its record of progress. In 1810 it had about 10,000 Catholics, with 19 priests and 16 schools. Its capital, Bangkok, which is called the Venice of the East, has now a grand cathedral, scarcely surpassed by any other church in the East ern countries, whilst there are 26,000 Catholics, 41 missionaries, 14 native piiests, and 66 schools. The Malay Peninsula, in 1840, had only three mission aries, 2 schools, and 3000 Catholics.' In 1890 it had 27 missionaries, two natiye priests, 42 schools, and 12,580 Catholics. It is a truly arduous mission, but it is nobly worked by the Society of the Missions Etrangores of Paris. (Applause.) An English tra veller some months ago thus commemorates their heroism. ''The French Society,' he says, 'sent priests far away into the interior of the Malay Pe ninsula to carry the Gospel to the wild race of jungle men who inhabit the trackless forest, or to the coolie brought from his native home in China or India to work on the sugar plantations for the capitalistic taskmaster who looked on them as only a better class of animal. The self-sacrificing life led by these men is the admiration of all creeds and classes. Even the Mahomcdan respects the ' Padre Zo rani' though he hates his religion. Far re moved from all companionship of their own race, these devoted men literally lay down their lives for their Master. They give up all Euro pean luxuries and comforts and even what we consider necessaries, and live like the natives or tho coolies among whom they dwell. The little church in the forest and the daily-increasing band of con verts testify to their success in this world. Then reward is hereafter. The discomfort of their daily life is not all, for the deadly fever and other tropical diseases make life at times almost unbearable, anc many a one falls a victim only to be succeeded by another devoted priest.' (Applause.) We come now to the Seychelles Islands, which are perhaps the most interesting group in the Indian Ocean. The population of the group is 18,000, and of these 1G,8OO are earnest and devoted Catholics. AFRICA. We will pass by the Islands of Mauritius and Bourbon with their flourishing churches and 279,000 Cathelics, as we hurry on to the continent of Africa. This vast continent is colossal in its proportions, being as large as North America and Europe put to gether, Jt$ teeming population may be roughly estimated at' about i60,006,00Q. , ' What has been achieved by the Catholic missionaries ', in this, vast and heathen continent ? In the beginning of the present century North Africa, once the flourishing Church of St. Augustine, was indeed the land of desolation, there being no longer any trace there of a Christian church. To-day there are in North Africa more than 500,000 Catholics. (Applause.) Need I recall the name of Cardinal Lavigerie (prolonged applause), the venerable ' prelate who ruled that church, who by his indomitable and successful ef forts to repress the slave trade, won the applause of all right-thinking men even in London and Manches ter and other great centres of Protestant public opinion in England ? In Western Africa, as late as 1860, there were but 11 missionaries, five schools, and 1700 Catholics. There are to-day 156 mission aries, with 94 schools and 38,610 Catholics. (Ap plause.) And who can realize the heroism by which such a religious triumph has been achieved? Suffice it to say that within this last half-century the terri tory of Congo has been the grave of 500 members of one religious congregation alone, the Congregation of the Holy Ghost. A Danish traveller in Congo, M. von Schwerin, writing to the Journal de Bruxelles says : ' Were I not a philosopher (that is, an infidel) I would wish to be a Catholic. After all that I have seen in Africa, I am full of admiration for the Ca tholic missionaries.' Another explorer in 1886 wrote : That which the Catholic priests have achieved at Linzolo a (Congo station) is simply in credible, and it is the more striking, because the Anglican missionaries, with thousands of pounds sterling annually expended on the Congo mission, have accomplished nothing.' (Applause.) In the ' Life of David Livingstone, LL.D.,' pub lished by J. G. Murdoch, Farringdon-road, London, page 413, we read: 'Arrived at Bagamoyo, Mr. Stanley was hospitably' entertained by the members of a Roman Catholic mission during the time occu pied in engaging pagazis (bearers) and arranging to start. While Bishop Tozer, the Primate of Cen tral Africa, — who failed in establishing a mission on the Shire, after a few weeks' residence on the top of a mountain where there was scarcely any people for miles,— resided at Zanzibar, the Catholic mission aries were successfully carrying on their labours on the mainland.' (Applause.) We may add Mr. Stanley's account of the Fathers, their station, and their work : ' The mission is distant from the to wn a good half-mile ; it is a. village of itself, numbering some fifteen or Bixteen houses. There are more than ten padres engaged in the establishment, and as many. Sisters, and all find plenty of occupation in educing from native crania the fire of intelligence. Truth compels^ me to state that they are very suc cessful, haying over 200 pupils,' boys and girls, in the mission, and, from the oldest to the youngest, they show- the impress of the useful education they have received.'' . (Applause.) In South. Africa in the beginning of the century nnder Dutch rule there was no toleration for the Catholic religion, and far into the present century the same persecuting policy was pursued by the British agents. To-day there are five Dioceses with flourishing native settlements of 40,000 Catholics. Along the Eastern Coast, in Madagascar, at Zanzi bar, throughout Abyssinia, around Nyanza Lakes, the Church has been almost unceasingly upon the battlefield, her missions have won unstinted, praise even from the most bitter opponents of the Church. Who ever heard in. European circies of the Oubanga mission? and yet when Mahomedans and Protes tants and pagans made a combined attack upon the Catholic district there a few month ago, we learn from the official report that it numbered fully 50,000 native Christians. It would take too long to refer to the many. important religious works carried on by the Catholic missionaries throughout Egypt. The Franciscan Fathers alone have in Lower Egypt 60 priests and 40 lay- brothers, and there are 44,000 native Christians under their care. The number of Catholics in Egypt at the beginning of this century was 7000. . In 1890 there were over 80,000. (Ap plause.) The whole African gioup of missions, not including the Spanish and Portuguese Islands oft the West Coast of Africa, numbers about 600,000 Catholics. ..',.. We now ask what are the results of the Protestant missions. I will not refer to the labours of the Protestant Bishop Colenso among the Zulus, with which yo,u are all familiar. (Laughter.) As the result of his preaching amongst them, it was not the Zulus that were converted by Colenso, but Colenso was converted by the Zulus. (Renewed laughter.) But I must not omit the singular Pro testaut arrangement which was made by their missionaries in South. Africa. As the natives could not be induced to quit their traditional polygamy, Arohbishop Whately, of Dublin, was consulted on the matter, and with his approval the Protestant Synod of South Africe decreed that the natives need not be disturbed on the head of polygamy (laugh ter), whilst they were allowed to assume the Christian name. No fewer than 42 various mission ary societies with 1200 missionaries are now engaged on this vast missionary field. They claim in all their scattered missions throughout Africa 101,212. It is not easy, however, to know how far the reports of such missionary success can be regarded aa comformable to truth. The colonial settlement at Sierra Leone and its neighbouring Republic of Liberia may be said to have been organized under Protestant missionary control, and the missionaries have now for a hundred years cultivated that spiritual field. Dr. Ingham, Pro testant Bishop of Sierra Leone, in his recent work, '-'Sierra Leone after a Hundred Years' (London, 139-i), refers to the unblushing immorality that prevails, and adds, ' It is a wonder that kings and chiefs around Sierra Leone instead of wishing their people to come and see how well we do things, dread for them to come to this colony on account of the danger to their morals.' It was only last year that the Republic of Liberia, though Protestant, sent a petition to llorr;e for priests and nuns to take charge of their schools and hospitals. The reason assigned is the low condition and ignorance of the Methodist missionaries, of whom a German traveller writes : ' How can ex-machine greasers or ex cobblers preach a faith they do not understand ? They are a disgrace to civilization.' (Laughter.) A few extrncts from the narrative of Mr. James Johnston, M.D., one of the latest explorers of South Central Africa, may serve to set this matter in its true light. His narrative is entitled ' Reality versus Romance' (London, 1893), and he gives his own ex periences during his travels across the African con tinent in 1S91. I may add that he is himself a Pro testant, and that he undertook his exploring tour in the interests of the Methqdist missions. He had been informed by the Protestant Bishop whom hp had met in the United States during the previous winter, that Loanda was an important missionary fetation. He found there a comfortable house, in deed, for the missionary, ^yho gathers around him on Sundays 'a few men and boys in the basement story.' As regards conversions there are as yet no 'apparent results.' At Cilumi there were three American missionaries with their wives and families and one Canadian school teacher. «' This mission, an oasis in the desert, was founded about 12 years ago, and there are now 24 converts. OftheKwang jululu Mission he writes : 'The supporters of this enterprise have been led to contribute large sums of money toward what may be truthfully designated a huge farce.' Of the missionaries he writes : ' We have already met too many namby-pamby, useless volunteers, posing as missionaries in this country ; wasting time and money, accomplishing nothing, mentally and physically incapacitated for grappling with the innumerable difficulties which present them selves at every turn.' He gives an instance cf a young missionary at the Sesheke missionary station who was much impressed by the regular attendance of three natives who posed as inquirers. After five days' instruction he remarked them loitering about ? the place and asked them what they wanted. They replied, 'We are waiting for five' days' pay. Did you think we were coming here every day to listen to you for|nothing ?' (Laughter.) And reviewing the position of the natives under British control Mr. Johnston writes : ' Dr. Guthrie, of honoured name, hit the mark when he said in reference to British colonization : ' Not more fatal to the Canaanites was the irruption of the Hebrews than our arrival in al most every colony to its native population. They have perished before our vices and diseases : our presence has been their extermination.' ' THE MISSIONS IN AMERICA. But we must hasten on to other missionary fields. What shall we say of the missions throughout the vast continents of America? The last census gives to the Canadian Dominion and its adjoining mission more that two millions of Catholics. A British explorer not long ago reported that even in the remotest districts of frozen Alaska he found the devoted Catholic missionary sharing the hardships of their flock and leading them to Heaven. (Ap plause.) In his ' Great Lone Land' (published by Sampson, Low, Marston, London, 1873) Sir William Butler, Aide-de-camp to Lord Wolseley,. and re cently Military Governor of Alexandria, speaking of Edmonton, says : — ? ' It is a wild, lone land, guarded by the giant '? peaks of mountains, whose snow-capped summits lift themselves 17,000 feet above the sea level. It is the birthplace of waters which seek in four mighty streams the four distant oceans — the Polar ? Sea, the Atlantic,, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Pacific. A few miles north- west of Edmonton, a settlement is presided over by a mission of French Roman Catholic clergymen of the Order of Oblates, ? headed by a Bishop of the same order and nation ality. It is a curious contrast to find in this distant and strange land men of culture and high mental excellence, devoting their lives to the task of civiliz ing the wild Indians of the forest and prairie— going far in advance of the settler, whose advent they have but too much cause to dread. He who has travelled through the vast Colonial Empire of Bri tain must have met with men dwelling in the midst of wild, savage peoples, whom they tended with a strange and mother-like devotion. If you asked who was this stranger who dwelt thus among wild men in these lone places, you were told he was the French missionary ; and, if you sought him in his lonely hut, you found ever the same surroundings, the same simple evidences of a faith which seemed more than human. I do not speak from hearsay or book knowledge. I have myself witnessed the scenes I now try to recall; And it has ever been the same, East and West, far in advanceof the trader or mer chant, sailor or soldier, has gone, this dark-haired, fragile man, whose earliest memories are thick with sunny scenes by bank of Loire or vine-clad slope of Rhone or Garonne, whose vision, in this life at least, is never destined to rest again on those oftremem bered places.' (Applause.) The growth of the Church in the United States is one of the marvels of the century. I would wish to dwell upon this bright and glorious theme, but we must hasten on. One instance may suffice for all. A few weeks ago the citizens of Boston, Catholics and Protestants alike, rejoiced in the celebration of the sacerdotal jubilee of its Catholic Archbishop. In his younger days Boston was the headquarters of New England Protestantism, and had only 120 Catholics. It is to-day in a great measure a Catholic city, and reckons in its Catholic congregation over 600,000 members. (Applause.) In ' South America the Church in former times achieved most glorious triumphs. The name of Paraguay in ' the beginning of the last century was the synonym of all that was best and happiest for a prosperous ' Christian people. Unhappily, men vested with authority were seized with the vertigo of Voltairian infidelity. They waged war against religion, and together with the influence of the Church the pros perity of those States came to utter ruin. At the present day religion is flourishing once more in many of the Republics of Central and South America, and among the scattered native races from Panama to Tierra del Fuego, apostolic men are everywhere found, by word and by example, bringing to them the blessings of Christian enlightenment. The number of Indians who in South America have been brousrht to the fold of Christ-. dnrin-r the nrp. sent century is 230,000. I cannot dwell on the Protestant missions in those vast regions which their own patrons confess to be without fuit. (Hear, hear.) A good Methodist traveller in Central America a little while ago declared that it is the Protestant missionaries in those parts who need con version. (Laughter.) Another resident on the Mosquito coast tells us of their success with the native races. ' A short time back,' he says, ' a ? missionary arrived, for the purpose of giving the natives some idea of the future state ; a house was speedily found for him, and he commenced preach-r ing ; and for a few Sundays he gave some' of the chiefs a glass of grog each, to ensure their atten dance. At length, one Sunday a great number of $he natives attended to hear the white stranger talk { on this occasion the worthy and reverend gentleman was more than usually eloquent, when one of tho chiefs arose and quietly said, ' All talk, no grog, no good,' and gravely stalked away, followed by all the natives, leaving the astonished preacher ^o finish his discourse to two or three Englishmen present.' (Laughter.) This incident is related in a narrative of a residence on the Mosquito shore, &c;, by Thomas Young. An astute Scotchman was wiser in his arrangements. A pipe and tobacco rewarded each native that remained awake till the end of his discourse, and on state occasions a little dinner wag added. (Laughter.) OUR OWN OCEANIA. We now turn to wards home, but we must pay at; least a hurried visit to that grand mission-field ?which is known as Oceania. This geographical name embraces more than two thousand islands varying in size from a continent to a tiny speck on the bosom of the pathless seas. They are in many ?ways attractive, bright with perpetual summer, and enriched by nature with her choicest treasures, but in most of them till our own day the natives have 'been sunk in the lowest depths of superstition and ignorance and misery. The island world has been divided into no fewer than 38 distinct groups, the most numerous of which, the Philippine group, has 400 islands and more than 4,000,000 of inhabitants, three and a half millions of whom are Catholics. (Applause.) In many of these islands our mission aries, unknown to the world, are spreading around them the blessings of religion and Christian enlightenment amid untold privations and with a heroism that has never been surpassed. For instance, the Tonga group now reckons its 7000 fervent Catholics. (Applause.) A writer, Mr. Browne, who under the name of Rolf Boldrewood (applause) has done so much to promote Australian literature amongst us, thus writes of this interesting mission: — ' At the Marist mission in Tongatabu I was received most kindly by the venerable Father Chevron, the head of the Church in Tonga. His had been a life truly remarkable. For fifty years he had laboured unceasingly among the savage races of Polynesia ; he had hair-breadth escapes, and passed through deadliest perils. Like many of his colleagues, he was unknown to fame, dying a few years later beloved and respected by all, yet comparatively unhonoured and unsung. During the whole course of my experience in the Pacific 1 have never heard the roughest trader speak an ill word of the Mavist missionaries. The liyes of ceaseless toil and honourable poverty tell their own tale. The Catholic Church may well feel proud of these her most devoted servants.' (Applause.) Two islands of this group, Wallis and Futuna, have been rendered illustrious by the martyrdom of their Apostle, the Blessed Chanel, the first mis sionary that ever landed on their shores. Through the blessing of his Apostolate they are wholly : Catholic, and are looked to as the model islands of I the whole Pacific. (Applause.) The Samoan group I has its 6000 Catholics, and it would be difficult to | find anywhere braver or more religious men. They | have shown their bravery when engaged in conflict j with, trained European troops ; they have given ! proof of their Christian spirit, when they heaped | kindness on their would-be enemies. (Applause.) 1 'When the Countess o£ Jersey (applause), who, ! during the Vicerovaltv of her worthy husband, ?won such golden opinions here among ourselves, visited those islands in 1S92, she remarked to me that she was particularly struck by the fervent piety of the Catholic natives who, every morning at the first dawn of day, used to assemble in their neat church and there performed their devotions and chanted their sweet hymns before setting out for their daily work. (Applause.) The same may be said of the Fiji Islands, with their 12,000 Catholics, of the Gilbert group and its 6000 converts, of the Gambier Islands almost entirely Catholic, and of the Marquesas Archipelago with about, half its population Catholic. (Applause.) The Methodist missionaries who landed in the Marquesas soon quitted it in despair. The first Catholic missionaries who arrived there in 1836 had to. undergo the greatest hardships. Sea biscuit steeped in water was their only diet. Ihey were treated as slaves by the, chiefs, subjected to constant insult, and re peatedly in danger of being kiiled and devoured. Fugitive convicts, runaway sailors, and pirates were the only other Europeans in the island, ana they, besides disgracing the name of white men, proved the bitterest enemies of the devoted missionaries. Nevertheless these heroic men persevered; they learned the language, and gradually by their self denial and charity overcame every obstacle, and at length won many glorious triumphs for the faith. ^Applause.) THE HAWAIIAN GROUP. Pid time permit, I would wish to refer at some length to the Sandwich or Hawaiian group, the his tory of which is perhaps one of the saddest in the whole range of missionary annals. Protestant mis sionaries early in the century appropriated to them selves this mission field, but under their rule the poor natives have gradually dwindled away from a population of about three millions to little more than 50,000, and of these about 1400 are lepers. There was in particular one most lamentable feature of their enterprise : they appropriated to themselves the richest lands and built up fortunes on the misery of the poor natives. As far back as the 15th of September, 1832, I find an English resident com plaining in the Literary Gazette that the head missionary, who had been a chairmaker, had already amassed 20,000 dollars' worth of property. (Laugh ter.) The same complaint is repeated as late as April, 1893. Colonel Ashford, a prominent resi dent in Honolulu, addressed a letter to the United States Commissioner Blount, and deprecated American interference in the political difficulties that had arisen. ' The feeling is strong here,' he says, ' that no American Commissioner can fail to be influenced by the Protestant missionary party here, and that the proposed scheme of annexation would result in the plutocratic rule of a half-dozen men who came here poor to serve the cause of re ligion on starvation salaries, and who have deve loped by thrift into a moneyed aristocracy, owning all the valuable lands and industries of the country. Th'is class has always been the enemy of the native race, and their efforts to reduce the Kanakas to inferior political position, as well as their arrogance to those not so rich as themselves, have alienated all masses from them.' That is a severe arraignment of those missionaries by one who knows them well. (Hear, hear, and applause.) ? Another Ameriean writer last year (April, 1894) sketched as follows the results of the Protestant missions in- Hawaii. The missionaries, he says, 'getting practical control, both intellectual and political, of a heathen race seeking for religious in struction, they have only succeeded in building up a wealthy colony of a few hundred planters and mer chants in the islands they profess to evangelize. The population haB welcomed them, and in two generations it has all but perished. The survivors for the greater part have rejected any form of the doctrines they once received so readily, and where they have not received the Catholic faith they have practically ceased to be Christians.' The one bright sunny spot in Hawaiian history is its Catholic mis sion, 'the heroism of its missionaries, and the fond affection cherished for them by their 27,000 con verts. The name of Father Damien will not be soon forgotten (cheers), nor the heroic devojtedness and self-sacrifice of the zealous missionaries and nuns who, following in his footsteps, spend their lives ministering to the wants of the poor lepers of Molokai. (Applause.) ' What shall I say of the other Protestant missions throughout the Pacific? There are, we are told, 2260 stations in 350 islands, and yet, according to the latest reliable report by Rev. James Dennis, of the American Presbyterian Mission (' Foreign Mis sions after a Century,' London, 1893), the whole number of ?Protestant communicants is set down at 58,000, which is little more than half the number of the fervent Catholic converts. ; From all the Protes tant missions in these islands the same story comes, that the native races are dying away. The contrary is seen in Wallis and Futuna, and the Gambier islands, where, under the benign influence of the Catholic Church, the native population has steadily grown in numbers and material prosperity. THE PROTESTANT MISSIONARIES. I have no doubt that many on the long roll of Protestant missionaries, Methodists or Presby terians or Anglicans or whatever other sect they may represent, are men of earnest faith who endea vour with a good conscience to spread out the Kingdom of God. But tales come to us at times of commercial pursuits being connected with mis sionary activity and of men piling up wealth (not always honestly) and coming; to spend the summer or autumn of life in comfort and affluence in Aus tralia. We have read of Bible translations which were little better than a parody on God's Word, and have we not also heard of the good old English lady who bequeathed £1000 to buy spectacles for the South Sea Islanders to enable them to read the Scriptures? (Loud laughter.) We have heard of missionary vessels whose bills of lading showed a spiritual cargo indeed, but spiritual in the sense of casks of whisky, and wine, and rum, much more than in the number of Bibles. A Sydney paper of March 20th, 1880, gives the following bill of lading of the missionary ship 'John Williams,' then, sailing from the port of Sydney: ' 1 case wine, 1 case port, 2 cases ale and stout, 1 case schnapps, 5 cases wine, 65 casks stout, 25 cases claret, 25 casks whisky, 65 cases beer.' (Roars of laughter.) This was truly a spiritual cargo. (Renewed laughter.) We are also told of missionaries who to swell the number of adherents have overlooked the irreli gious usages of the natives and allowed immorality to wear the mask of the Christian name. To all such things Catholics can give no countenance, but to every enterprize that may help to spread the Gospel of truth and to diffuse more and more the blessings of Christian charity and enlightenment and peace, we say with all our hearts, God speed ! (Applause.) Ladies and Gentlemen, — W e now bring to a close our tour round the world in missionary fields. And yet we have left unvisited many chosen fields of missionary toil, I would have wished to set before you the triumphs of Catholic zeal among the suffer- i ing races of Asia Minor as well as in many countries of Europe, and in the West Indian Islands -and other religious centres where the Gospel seed sown perr haps in sadness and in tears has .already yielded a rich and abundant harvest. What I have said, how ever, will, I am confident, suffice to prove that the. Church has been quickened by the missionary spirit, in this 19 th century, and that the fruitfulness of its. blessings has not been surpassed, even in the palmi est da)rs of her glorious history. (Applause.) Year , after year she has sent forth a numerous army of apostolic men, and Heaven has lavished upon them the choicest gifts of a Father's love. She im parts to them a life-giving ministry of peace and power and charity, and the marvels which they accomplished are the work of the right hand, of the Most High. One hundred and nineteen missionaries in this century have won by their heroism the Martyr's crown, and countless others from the ranks of the faithful have poured out their blood for the faith. They have bequeathed to us a priceless heritage of true Christian heroism, of which the Church of to-day may be justly proud. (Applause.) May the mission field be ever privi leged to be thus blessed by Heaven ; may such true heroes of the Faith be ever with us to garner the spiritual harvest ; and may the like abundant fruits ever continue to repay the indomitable spirit of self sacrifice and charity and zeal of the devoted mis sionaries of the Holy Church. (Loud and long con tinued applause.) VOTES OF THANKS. Colonel Bell ? (U. S. Consul) proposed a vote o* thanks to his Eminence for his magnificent address* and speaking as a non-Catholic paid an eloquent tribute to the Catholic priests and nuns, whose devo tion and self-sacrifice he had himself witnessed on the battle-field and in the haunts of poverty and pestilence. Mr. T. M. Slattery, K.C.S.G., seconded the vote, which was carried amidst great enthusiasm. His Eminence, after a few words of reply, pro posed a vote of thanks to ' our worthy chairman. ' The secretary, he said, in arranging their meeting that night, and bearing in mind the subject of the lecture, had very property looked towards France, and had requested a representative of France to preside on the occasion. (Applause.) In reviewing the mis sion- field of the nineteenth century there could be no doubt that France had borne away the palm in all countries. (Applause.) Mr. Paul (Consul for Russia) seconded the vote, and it was carried with enthusiasm. 