I Eleanor Keith's Strange I Adventure. By E. FAIRFAX BYRRNE, in Argosy. I. The circumstance I am about ! to relate happened in the be ginning of my career as a high-school teacher ; but the solution of the mystery did not reach me until many years afterwards. My father's will left us eirls inn. provided for, the small fortune which he possessed independently of his earnings only sufficing for the needs of 'my oiubuwr. auc luiuifi or my. siBtets gave no cause for anxiety, «8-theywere Jen- gaged to be married ; it was I tvbo formed the knotty point,-for be I had not their personal atteactiouB, and was, moreover, in character somewhat pro nounced and thorny, !tbe resource of matrimony did not eDter into my ical- culatione. My father, whose favourite companion I had been," r bad; -however, given me a first-rate education, in culcating at the same time a ' spirit' of independence. Upon his death, there fore, recalling his counsel to stand in the world on my own basis, I armed : my spirit to meet the future opening some what obscurely before me, abddetermined/ to solve its problems for.. myself. '£ I considered myself fortunate whgo," by a lucky chance I was encaged altnOBt immediately by the head-mistress of sla high school in the northern town of , as the least amongst her under- teachers, at a salary of .£30 per ahnjnm, together with board and lodging. This seemed to me satisfactory as a beginning ; it ensured me independence at least. And when, at the end of my first term I received the first instalment of my salary in the shape of a ten pobnd note, no budding merchant, contemplat ing the successful issne of an "early enterprise, could have felt prouder or more elated than I did. This was the foremost tiny ship returning laden with treasure, from the land of promise whither I had sent all my airy fleet. How my first ship was wrecked before it quite reached harbour forms the mbject of this story. It was a point of pride with me to be able to carry home the note Intact. My mother had supplied me with a email mm to start with, and during the term bad been so economical, that, when it was over, I had one sovereign and a ew shillings left; these coins woold office for the jonrney home. Accord- ngly I drove to the station with a : fnll rarse. The train I had chosen to -travel by was an early one, and few save third-class aasengeia were likely to be starting rith me. This improbability of any fellow- travellers of interest rendered the sight if a somewhat noticeable figure at the itation entrance a matter for snrpriBe. A tall young man stood leaning igaiost the door of the. -booking-office, leruBing the ground with a depressed nd even haggard air. His dress was ihabby,aod.yet he possessed refinement, nd his features were finely cut. He ooked up as I stopped from the cab, nd his expression of troubled absorption hanged gradually to one of animated nterest. I cannot say that there was nything flattering in the gaze with rbicb he favoured me, neither did I eel it to be insulting ; there was in it lomething curiously impersonal and yet lager. I stood by the cab paying the driver md giving orders about my luggage, ind he watched ine all the time. Then passed him and went into the station. The next rime I became conscious of lis presence was when standing .before the ticket window in the booking-office. 1 bad opened my parse to take ont my lovereign, when something, I know not what, caused me to torn my head sharply and to glance over my shoulder. Im mediately I perceived that the young nan stood on the other aide of the tall. 5? leaning over me and was looking this time, not at me, bat curiously and eagerly into my pnree. ' Second-class single to Middleford,' said X, and handed the sovereign over the counter, to receive in return a ticket and some change. The ticket I placed, fortunately for myaeu, in my grave; tne cnange i. put into my pnrse, and this I continued to hold in my hand. On reaching the platform I found tat the yonng map, who had vanished j from the rail before I left it, was stand ing by the open door of a second-class carriage marked 1 Middleford.' To see this was at once to make op my mind not to get in there, and ' Iwalked to the far end of the traio. . Here haying selected an empty second-class compart ment I seated myself in the corner near the window. And jnst then there be fell a startling event The door of my carriage was reopened and the space enddeoly filled np . with the. head and shoulders of the yonng man Jwhom I ll had before noticed. His appearance J was entirely unexpected, and I surveyed him with a sentiment of intense and, stupefied amazement, not unmixed /with; J that sort of foreboding which is bnt the 9 event In shadow. Indeed, the expression SB of his face excused some disquiet ; it 9 was fall of menace, his bine eyes (they tm were I remarked peculiarly blue) bcub- tUlated with a very disagreeable threat, while his lips, under a slight growth of »m moustache, looked pale and tense. For an imperceptible second we gazed full into each other's eyes, and then the J man's glance dropped "to the parse lying Jm upon my kner. Of course I at once <9 perceived that I was threatened with «B robbery, and that to save myself some M action most be taken, and' that very lB promptly. 9 But I found myself already helpless. B The yonng man had put ont 'one arm and heldme firmly backto my seat, <(fl while with tire other "he grasped the 9 fingers which I had instinctively closed 9 overmyporse. As be .did this he »9 leaned forward, thrusting ids. face so ym near mine that I lelt his breath against 3B my cheek, while he wHspdhpgry4, and hurriedly— JB 'Give me yonrginisel For heaven's £9 sake give it to tne ! It is a matter of W life and death ' - 9 For all reply, I ottered a, ray which '.9 sounded to my own ears feeble and 9 stified. .Then inade.- Jaat faint M struggle to free piytoll Tprenna 29 shadow of brutal etenmnatiop 'piSed 59 over hUfodtawhjflie Viojetlylooaenej vm my fingers hndsri&arewe; p9ne from them. At that very moment a shrill whistle announced .that time _was up ; the train began Blowly to iinoVe, and rough shouts of — ' Come off that step ! How then V: -Shut" that door 1' assailed myieara The young man .vamsbed and turned - the"handle. Isprang to the windows iand Attempted, ,a jgild.. gesticulation to "the"porters"niib wereTiurryingiip. Bnt there still was the youth running by the side and holding to the door, hiB paleacfe," with-thelrutaLVIook" entirely effaced from it, turned upwards to mine. Even in that bewildered moment I could not bnt notice the change of expression. The eyes were now fall of compunction ana eagerness. ...... 1 YonrsddfeBB !' helpanted,; ' give it me qnickly f" -Ton Bfihan'hrtgretvfhis matter !' Agpsdy stupefied, I seemed incapable of r&Bting; this new demands : I re frained from anrfprthprttepgjit to; attract the attention of "the porters, apd suddenly leaning forward out of the winflow pronounced wlth care to" make mylfjonderatood. the words — u. Eleanor Keith, Rose Villa, > Middle- . %d.' immediately loosed ; h!a- hold of te banale, and raising his hat to me iiwith a faint ghost of s smile, tamed on his heel. 1 "thrust my head further from the window to gaze helplessly after my lost property, and -the last : wiujg i. saw was me yonng man warning off with an easy swinging-gait and writ- : jngas he went in a potB-bgokrT<yABd with that the train dasheiMpto.ajtannel, and I saw the platform no mora Then I sank back on my seat shiver ing from head to foot I was too angry to weep, and yet my misery was keen as only a very yonng creature's mleery can ba , ... , The holidays lasted - for.. Bixweaksjor so. It was not "a- happy '3time,--,fer my; friends did not BpBrefbilrridicule'jtoid it was really a relief yhlm ; tiyatiphj drew towards acl otm'&frd; Y-itdiaatici; pate a speedy return to uspWjwotfc1 The last of the six weeks". imyed..,I had mended and patt'dI liQrothto, utterly declining nssistancein the shape of borrowed money,- -though this was very kindly offered to me, and was quite ready to take my spiritless way back to duly, when one. morning. -a re markable -thing "happened. "»-. I came downstairs and entered the breakfast-room, and at once saw - lying: upon my plate a registered envelope. My Aunt Barbara pat up her glasses and watched me with some amassment. I took np the letter and tamed it over in my hand with a complication of feeling. The post-mark was London, E.C. ; the handwriting bold, manly, cultivated — andnnknowntome. Daring the last six weeks I had thought almost incessantly of the bine-eyed thief ; at this moment no one was farther from my mind. I suspected a present and felt a frown gather upon my brow. ' Come,' open the letter!' cried my Annt Barbara in irrepressible cariosity. I obeyed, end took ont a bnndle of papers. Did I not know the crisp feel of those thin, clear oblong pieces well enough ! They were bank notes — notes I like my own ten-ponnd note that I had earned. There were five of them ; and as I spread them ont before me, I read the symbols upon each one like a person in a dream. j j Five ten:ponnd Bank of England J ' notes ! There they lay on the table be- j | foreme,new,cri8p, dazzling, Bnt whence I , had they come ! How was it (hat, like j -Aaron's rod that budded, the- cold ' straight staff of disappointment and j ; poverty had suddenly flourished ont . Into all this wealth f None of my friends j > would have dared to pend.snch . a gift ; la pound or two pressed .on me for necessaries was all anyone would venture to offer. I fingered them,' and stared, and woDdered. What conld it mean t Suddenly, from the accoetomed place in my memoiy, where for six weeks I bad kept certain indelible impressions, j flashed upon me the face of the bine- ' eyed thief, and with it the words of vague promise he had ottered. Snatching np the envelope, I searched with a trembling finger while my cheeks alternately flashed .. and paled; ' Yes ! There was a little notesqueezed in at 1 the bottom ; I pulled it ont and opened it in breathless haste. This is how the shocking little document ran— ' I « Dear -Miss Keith — ' " j ! was' fairly electrified with his im-J pertinence ! . I — I returnwith many gratefnl thanks the money l borrowed Groin1 yott5 six I weeks ago—' I £' Borrowed I' . j — 1 and since my -method .of proceeding j was a little 'nnnsnal — ' j 'A l!ttie!' — ' and since yonr ten ponndB were | worth to me many times the amount, 1 1 beg yonr acceptance of what is a quite inadequate compensation for the alarm I may possibly have caused yon. " t 'Very alnpprely 'ypurs, - ; x - - J. t ,'r.» diEmre1 i j I dropped the_notej the excitement wre Mood the in coherency of my feeling relieved | itself in a few scalding tears. Come !r ;cpme 1J cSfAqnt Barbara kindly ; ' what is it I Who is Itf Show me the letter.' ? S? Sot Jtlw»niS?n(.eli thp Iptnrq Annt Barbara. I was squeezing it Fesennniiy III Uljr unwoi usuu uuu.. I tbe tableland after s few seconds of jirigry ilwacemtotered pyself tofficlentiyl to sptok cdmly- 1 ' &«liAnntBarfdI, 'it is that thief again. Onu-fifth of thu I money is Snyowo- HeWnkBparently that I «rillp«gpte4!maj|ning four notes as a gift torn Wm J , My mother turne&'pme. My Annt Barbara lifted hOT &mW; fehd eeemed to ! straggle >fi» »irorda>TAt Jast they came. ! Eleanor !' cried she ; yon are In a most 'tisijppBroSis :poeltxbii ! Ciis l?oiiiig man wishes to make yon h'ie accomplice. Depend upon it, he belongs to the swell f vw a Cnntlanil (hod. n« muou wwgiojiu w i imnk&onj; was excited, it haunted dark places. I had no wish to form ta»fletf "obthf «1 detective's records, and instinctively j shranklnV myself f tod t£eteni»Ma,to make little of the matter. Atany vatel have got my money nse them. For the present I shall put them in the bank, and "one day I" trust I msy"b'e.ab1e to restore them to the rightful owner.' : Accordingly, ! placed:tos m>teB in a sealed envelope and: comatitted this to (lie pare-of the Mlddlefrad Huik, and a few tiByiB aftorwards retorned to school. Bnt hot alone I One may as well yield hate principle isnot involvedj. Annt Barbara insisted upon accompanying me all the way back. It was an unnecessary expenditure yof money ; nothing what ever happened during that duir journey, and we arrived at the end in the most prosaic safety. IL V Daring the nextlpw years my position asVhigh scboofi£eacher gradually altered for the better; so -that by tbe time I was twenty-Jive years of age .1 had become second mistress In a flourishing 'private "'school with a. salary of XI 50 per annum. The school where Iwas teaching when my story re-commences jvas in London suburb, where, AS . the .prospectus said, we bad ' the' advantages' of the town combined with. , tbe salubrity c of the .country.' The'i 'nine ""of "the head mistress was 'Marray.' / in- the"' girl's school, of all;. places in. -the world, one wonld suppose oniewlf "tofe 'froim- excite ment, romance and:-mysto'ry ; neverthe less, it . was while within Miss Marray s sacred endoednejtHa£lWedtond/chapter of the story jbf my ldstbatik! note nnnd its" way to mei, ' . ; " Miss Morray.wasankmbition8 woman,/ and as the tapprtohce of her hchool really demanded itTsfid was" in the habit of paying a university man to come "down once a year in the snmmer to .examine the pupils. This event had tokens-place 'auna&lly; ever since my naining tethe school ; the examination occupied "three days, and it was my dnty to"%peHnfo"nd. Tt had always been a jirotoio end ' somswh at ardnons under- ta£hg, and Its : sole redeeming featnre was tiiat itipeceded the long vacation. . One year, however, the monotony was by ' Wienraordloary event. On a warm midsammer's morning I rose early, my mind fall of examination matters. It waa my habit to take care that the examination room waa fresh and cool. I- helped the maid to set the plato -in order' before breakfast, and as soon as the meal was over went to make \- final arrangements. It wbb fifteen minutes put nine. After a final glance round, I waa about to harry from the room to call the pupils when the rnstle of Miss Murray's silk and a manly tread accompanying hers warned me that I was late. I stepped towards the door in some vexation at being discovered behind hand, and there confronted Miss Marray with a tall man by her side. She was in one of her happiest moods ; the examiner bad not neglected to bring his cap and gown, and this was a point in hia favour ; for Miss Murray stickled for ceremony and felt slighted if the honours of the university, j were not accorded. At this moment, however, I only saw him as one sees a shadow ; my mind wastakeo up with my seeming inattention to dnty, and I directed a somewhat anxious glance to my superior. ' Quite right, Miss Keith,' said she, we are early. Allow me to - introduce oar examiner. He expressed a desire to see tbe room. This will be yonr table, Mr. Marston. Yonder Miss' Keith will sit. Call the pupils, my dear ! We will retire to the garden.' I vanished while Miss Murray still flowed on ; and soon I had my pnpilsjin their places, and was endeavouring xb | suppress the rising tnmult of inquiries as to tile appearance.. and jirobmblq. temperament of the examiner — irascible, easy-to-be-entreated, or otherwise. In the midst of a ripple of whispers, ' the door opened and he entered the, room. Every head was instantly turned, and through the dead silence I certainly twenty -five- pairs of eyes directed Inquisitive glances towards him. . . ., I I looked up with the rest, neither: I inquisitively nor with interest ; it was I an automatic movement occasioned by I the opening of the door and someone's entrance — that was all My gaze I became, however, gradually concentrated. I TWr HfiiPfltnn had dflfrlHnflfflm. MfinAfl. handsome ; in figure he was toll and athletic, and he appeared to be about twenty-eight yesra of age. But had 1 not seen him before'1 No, that was surely impossible; I must be mistaken. ,, He applied : himself at Jpnce to the1 dnty of unfastening the bundle "of papers which he carried, and "then went ' down' the toomhanding alist 'of. questions to; each phpil in tern. When- he reached my end of the room and had delivered the last, he paused tor a moment and called ont : — . ' Half-past nine 1 The examination will now begin 1' Then he walked back again to hie "seat. ' ' " : \- Buttha); voice ;; most assuredly I had .heaiflli before. -This second Impression was -one too distinct to be disregarded I or setatide. . What dld it inenl My i'eyeB to! lowed ; Tiiin op' tbe robm. , I I seemed to know beforehand how.- Jhe; jrwonld walk.- ; I had some indelible I Wxfflecfeon connected with that fiakj I swinging gait ... If Jjookedent otLbejiripow, /patting a mental effort to cbmpel something I .lMwaa fwtirt mo IIMmnrer Tre l-Wln VtiMiBi MWHa AU (WISP attitude I remained some momenta, then tnrned riny ; head -diarply uhd: euddeniy, and again directed my gl|mce , uponr Mr-rMarBtoa He was leiqung; over his table looking steadfastly me; the gare.Jopanteredas AmogtiWly: I thoughts wereJ(lhe"'wntted sentenccg; one to anotheKTStoyU'Wasmot all-tiimi delusion V tooountered his glance atallf Apparently he had nbt knoved a tontoll!,:yet note htiey I certainly were fired absently over my head on the open window ; then they 1 mU reffimSml: vieibnti- the? papers lying before him on ihetsMe. Not a quiver, not shade of ch ange ! Not the faintest ripple of emotion to Loontinuedto watoh him narrowly tor a ' That afternoon, during -the InterrsL 1 between the two "uxamlnHionfi, ,-r t -7 "iTr'v. Murray found an -opportunity of con veying to me her appreciation of Mr. Mareton's bearing. 'Faultlessly polite, my dear, and quite official in his manner, which with girls is very desirable ; impresses me as being possessed of nnnsnal power.' ' I think he impresses me in the same way, ' I returned. ' There is great refinement about him. Have yon observed his peculiarly fine cast of feature I' I intimated that I had observed it. Miss Marray contined to praise him ; she was very much satisfed indeed. I listened and made few rreponsss. When she bad' gone I . spoke from my heart. 'For all thi8,'I said to myself, 'if my recollection is not playing me false, this refined and imposing Mr. Marston is -a gigantic fraud. 'Dike -awav his academicdressahdhlsofficial, gentlemanly bearing, clothe him shabbily and place him in less prosperous circumstances, and he Is nothing less than a common thief— « highway robber — a burglar?' In my .-excitement I did not consider the appropriateness of these epithets, bnt heaped them .np in an endeavour to express my sense of disproportion be tween the man's seeming appearance and the troth as I thought I knew it For' this accredited university don, and that shabby shameful yonng man of tbe past; were they not one and the same 1 How account for the mystery ? Natarallv T Ainhnmtedwid even resented this .teeming respuctafelUly. Bnt my indignation being spent, I aekqd myself tedlat course of action"! oughtio pnraoe. Tt was impossible to' denounce the man -upon mere impressions, some prot&maBt; -first be fonnd, and I was not without resources. Abont ten minutes of /epare time remained before the afternoon examination began ; this interval I spend in writing in to the Bank at Middleford |o ask q that my envelope containing the fonr ten-pnancl Bank of England notes /should be sent to me nnfrilingly by return of poat. And then I wentrio.wn to.snperintend the examination, and to keep at the same time a watchful eye upon tbe examiner. It mast he ownedTthat Mr. Mareton's manner was exceedingly baffling, the effect being to compel me into an every day behavipnr whether I .wished it or ;not ; he was fanltlesBly indifferent and offictoL Noiddabteaw me, but if his eyes slid over me, df his voice ad- dressed me. it waa in a perfectly formal and Ichpersonal way— his bearing being precisely that of the half-dozen ex amines whom I had encountered on half-a-dozen previons occasions oh this identical business, in this identical room. So much -the better, thought I, when not in his presence; he detecta nothing in me to exrite enrmiae. On tbe third mbming— the last day of the examination--ihe letter con taining tiiefonr bank notes doty arrived ; and as I iwaa op early and - met the postman, no -one saw me receive it. Two -email circumstances had, mean while, added an element of certainty to my surmise. A letter arriving for Mr. Marston ehowad-that his Christian name was ' Hubert,-' and a - letter written by him in reply gave me Un opportunity of Btndying hja handwriting. I brought donn my -old registered envelope (which I had kept as a carioaity and compared the address with that of the letter lying on the hall- table. - The writing was very similar— almost. the same;-the lapse of "years might account for the slight difference. -A.-tHthe eameime, my hoar and my opportnhity "haring borne round, I fonnd my- iwqlatipn in c'.tottcWiipteie: " NevferthelesS I dr6;ve '&" "blindly. I carried the bank-notes upstairs, placed .tjiem in the old restered>eqyjelppei end potting that in a new cover, directed the -pack'et to -'Hubert MaretbnEsqJ' .-x rThe' teornmg xrmawhlhaHhh ; passed .withoatdncident. -./OurieyesaieVer met ; if -hepQked ,-np; my-jiead- teM bent over my book ; if I-looked np it was only when. by instinct I ffiad aacertalnod that be bad.itnnied. the other.-way. - If his bearing wqre. real ly an .iqguooa pieoe pf nctingt ' IilfiattervLmytolf .-that mine capped it I I did not think — I knew he was unaware that he was recognised. Throughout those .hoars my bit of . dynamite lay to my pocket. . 1 1 -turned It over -how and then with my hand. It nras a- npnfntitilv' ' <lrn -' "flov « fhn 'scrambling of the. pens overVthe. per, the flapping of a blind, the examination stillness ; pervading -the -place,- had a soporific "effect. Once Mr..; Marston cleared his throat, rather loudly ; . I started guiltily, my nerves being quite . nnhinged by "enspense. At dinner I ate little, mid afterwards finding myself to the examination .'room - making < pre parations for-the last . time, -T wbb in: an agony between hesitation and resolve. . The pbpila; me iiriihd, with more noito'ah.nsiud -eettled tp their placee. .-I-etood-iirresolnto in, -the gangway. The last moment nf my.qppqrtunity bad arrived ; once this wasi past, I knew, '-uofailmgly that libonld tfiid ' should do . CX'-u ''- ' -A door slammed, and a. well-known tread;wte beato:'to . the-/pasBag& . My will rose toiailaat effort ; iksefoed my. letter, got ito his .totto, placed it upon the papera/andxhad qreariied- my own Beit- heforafe'jiramreJy%-ptosed at., the door. " . . -'After that, , something, Jikei an ague took me. ; There dJ 'sat at - jhy table araitifflg for bnmh to eplbite; And ; l.tiAM ACLf. .llfw'jJ&iraMVnn;'at' .Jila .'mntli i Kin rr? . a i -offioial air. j vcay-jaow nnd .thenidBncing over1 the -rows "of -glris. - Hadhe seen mytottofTI cdcaKtedthat, his elbow Wi OnrSt .atj ilj qiheSt. ; Jfia manner ,ajEfotioimej <toaeity;. I- ex perienced violeathsartpalpitation, ;and holding on to ttetoble'iritiiTjOth hands; no -longer possible, tooyedo yes! his elbow had' been on .lH.he4saw.it for the first time and !ok,t"S sritfa/Mmiitod, nlslightiook :hen, lia pphed. „it : arade np three: qaissnwtte'bnk«i,.uMi4. same fame lootaqg roubi tijSom with1 It waa tile latt time, 7 waa.flSSSBt «3V«wSonon hto 1319 rBS- 01 ?mVtwhAto had wottehtotiteame Into his fatoxtis: jsorotinisbaiB.over, .ppsned it, aook. » r«rt thgirrf jvdc and— \ ' ' dropped it on the table snatching back his hands, and staring as though it had been a live serpent I As for myself, so intense was my sympathy with my fellow-creatnre to this horrible moment, that my breath wonld scarcely come, and I forced myself to watch by sheer strength of . will. Have yon seen a snow-drift gradntlly change and disperse nnder the- sons power? Something of that kind began to happen to Mr. Mareton's face. The muscles, the fine compact texture, ap peared to be passing -from his control,- 'the strength and coolness forsook it ; slowly, cruelly, the colour altered— firet a sickening pallor smote it like a blight, and then a flash deeper and deeper every moment, dyed it from chin to brow. He seemed to have lost con- scionsness of his snrronndings, to .forget' that he was watched. Slowly -lifting the envelope - again, he > drew ont the fonr ten- ponnd notes and spread them before him. Then his head drooped," j and an aspect of humiliation, against which he made no effort to contend, . eettled upon him. For how many minutes he kept this attitude I do not know. At last he began to raise " his head ; bnt this I could, not bear. Instinctively I knew that his eyes wonld seek mine, and I conld not wait to feel those humiliated rays toncb me. Rising, I made for the door to blind baste and rushed away from tbe scene I had created. nr. I was fortunately preserved from the remarks my eudden and quite un systematic exit from the examination- room wonld in ordinary times have brought upon me, by an event which threw Miss Marray into so .much agita tion that she failed to notice the details of anyone's conduct. One of the girls bad heen ailing for some few -days, and during the hoars of this final examination, the doctor had called and pronounced the disease to be scarlatina. Therefore, when Miss Marray met me flying down tbe passage before the examination was over,- Bhe forgot the irregularity of the proceeding, in. relief nt finding me free to attend to tbe immediate difficulty. The thing to be accomplished at once was the clearance of the house from popils ; so that the rest of the " day I was incessantly . occupied in helping them to pack and mating plans for hurried departures. Miss Murray super- intended.the isolation of the sick pupil and the arrangements of tbe . nursing, and by dint of the orderliness and efficiency of the establishment we settled everything, and emptied the house be fore the afternoon of .the following day. It was farther planned that Miss Murray, who greatly needed a chaoge, waa to proceed at once for her holiday ; and that I, who was glad of the op portunity forqniet study, was to remain. In the bnrry I had not had time to ask a Question about, tho fate of Mr. Marston ; but as I accompanied Miss Murray to the cab and said farewell, ehe turned back to Impart some informa tion. ' As to Mr. Marston, my dear, I hardly know how he left as. I had time to tell him of-onr misfortune and of the hasty emptying of the honse, which was necessary, and to bid him adieu. I fancy he feared the infection, ' for he himself seemed in -a harry to escape,' ' Indeed ?' said I demurely. It was on the .tip. f ray tongue to tell her the troth. Bnt something re- strained me. It was an inopportune time. Why_shoald I burden her with an extra worry jnst on the eve of her departnre ? And what was to be gained by so doing ? The man had gone, and -no farther danger wee to be apprehended. So I wished her a pleasant vacation, and permitted her .to depart without a hint of .the -truth. \- Not more than twenty-four hours were to pass before I sharply regretted my decision. It was to the evening abont seven o'clock. I had had late tea and felt inclined to seize the opportunity of private TituSy- "Miss Marray had a writing-table, .which -was placed in the b"ow-window of , the drawing-room ; I had seated myself before it with my books and -Dsnera. The bow-window .was at one end of -. the room, the door was at the other. .Near me an. open irindow let In the sonnd of trees gently .stirred by a breeze. I had been en grossed to my studies for abont an honr. and.bad reached that, point of, absorp tion, when sounds become indistinct, when suddenly I was re-called by bear- tog my own name pronounced behind me. , 'Mies Keith 1' said a diffident bnt masculine voice in my ear. I was. atortled beyond words ;I htd not heard aoyone enter the "room, and -thought myself alone. I sprang to my feet with a cry. .. And if / the sonnd of my own name had alarmed mr, the face and figure which I beheld upon turning roand, did not re-assure me. "For, standing close Jbeeide me I. found Mr.'; Marston. ' My first feeling was that of simple stopid amazement/todthat wws followed by : general apprehension and then per sonal fear. The drawiog-room was shut off from, the rest of the house. A. cry wonld hie of .no : avail unless some one happened to be In the corridor. I was ntteriv helnless. Together with these thonghts, there came to my mind the recollection that Miss : "Murray bad lefji me a large sum 'of money, for ex- penses;' andthis was fat the moment -lying ii the locked' drawer of the writ- tog-tebie beajcle me. ' I looked found Tbe spsoe between ; me and' -the beH-rqpe was, I remarked, free; it "wee jnst pqsrible to dart fqrwarti and to reach' it. ' I made . ,the attempt bnt fonnd myself, before I jt,'near, canght 'in a Strpng jialr qf . deteiningarink , "V :: -'S' alarm. For a second or two I straggled . helnlesalv. then mddentv i'derisUi X me'hndf and MissMarrey's interests' lend me courage.: v ' , bo ward'.! Coward.!' I managed to pjryout. J ' « Wherenpon tbe Irdh hatid abont-sne WBB mlprolV '"MiasHeith. for heaven's sake don't; ringthefol toed give the "blatm ! Ip, jgeleEqaistenat me!' 1Vhe.ocp\a4ied"himBelf bh- tween me and tbe bell-rope, and I thankful to be free, atombled back a step or two, and leant against the desk. Mr. Marston stood silently to .front of me. His face was the picture of dismay. Is it possible,' be repeated, < that yon distnut me?' I looked at him in a frenzy of in dignation. 'Why ! Why P I cried. ' You are a ruffian !' His eyes fell before mine. ' To be sure !' said he, in a low voice. 'To be 8nre ! 1 am a ruffian !' My courage increased when I saw I was not to be subjected to any freeh attack. ' Have yon anyone with yon ?' I In quired imperatively. He looked np euddeniy, and to the midst of hie dismay T was convinced that I caught a gleam of humour to : his well-remembered bloe eyes. 'No — oh no ! On my hoaonr, Miss 'Keith, I am absolutely alone. You've only got me to deal with, "yon know !' He looked down again,, adding presently in a low voice : — ' Knock me down, yon know, if yon can, and jf yon like. I won't do any thing to prevent it again.' ' How did yon get in T asked L 1 By the nBnal way/ he retnrned,agsin looking np with that gleam of hnmoor in his eyes. ' I rang the door-bell, and the servant opened it : and I was shown in here.' ' I heard nothing,' said I, feeling jast the least bit in the .world absnrd. ' 'No,' said he, 'the wind washlowlng to over yonr head from the open window, and yen were very ' much engrossed.' ' What have you come forT ' Well,' he said, ' to have, a little talk with yon, if yon will be so good «s to permit it, and to show yon these papers.' ' Will you sit down T Bald I, very stiffly. And at last we got npon two chairs opposite to one another. I was still trembling, and still in a blaze of mingled soger and fear. His first action was to take ont the old registered envelope from his pocket, and to lay it on his knee, and to look at it with an ex pression something between ruefulness and tickled bumonr. 'There is a good deal that wants explanation,' said he. I assented with a movement of tbe hand. I I most sincerely ask yonr pardon tor my rudeness jnst now: I trnst I did not hurt yon, Miss Keith,' he continued With some compunction of tone. ' You can go od,' arid I drily, ' and never mind me !' ' Certainly,' he returned ruefully. I want first to prove to yon who I am. Will yon read this f As he spoke, he stooped to rearrange a bundle of papers he had brought with him. The light was drawing away, and in the dnsk be appeared, es he bent over them, a remarkably maesive shape. I measured his great shoulders with my eye, and tbonght of the slightnese and smallness of myself, and of my absolute helplessness ; while at the same time, as I watched the scholarly movement of his hand amongst the papers, and tbe refined 'handsome head leaning above them, a sense of unspeakable perplexity fell npon me. ' Here it is,' said he at last, looking np without nnembarrassment ; ' the one I want yon to read firet, that is. I am goiDg to ask yon to be so very good as to look at all theBe in turn.' So saying he selected one and handed it to me. I accepted it stiffly, and with the conviction that some inconceivable rase was abont to be perpetrated npon me. I read through the. document, however, safely ; and as soon as I had finished that, he presented me with another. The papers consisted of written and printed proofs that he had spent each end such years at the University of Oxbridge, that he had taken his degree — an honour degree for which he most have read hard — that he had won .a fellowship; and that, he had ever since been engaged to tuition at hiB college. In abort, I found myself lb possession of proofo that he had lived an ardnons and virtuous life for the last seven years— from ..the moment, that is, when he appeared on my horizon as a thief, to the present hoar ! I laid tbe last paper aside with a more complete sense of bewilderment - thtm ever. Bat I was no longer frightened of him. A mere don from a university I conld make shift to grapple with. 'Well! to it satisfactory ?' Bald .he eagerly as I returned him the last paper. I reflected for a moment. ' No,' said I, 1 it is not.' ' Not satisfactory 1' he repeated with evident disappointment. « Anything but,' i Veturoed. ' I tbonght you would have believed those papers,' said he. 1 1 did not see how yon conld help It. Bnt yon are determined to hang a mlU-utone abont my neck ?' 'Oh dear ho !' said I drily ; 'nothing of the kind.' 'Look here !' said he,bending forward : witha confiding air ; 'of coarse I am in yonr power. Bat I don't believe yon are as flinty as yon pretead. No I do not, Miss Keith I T shall ever preserve in memory the impression your connten- anoe first made npon me. I shall, in spite of the atrociously tard-hesuted and persistent way to which yon ran me to earth— I shall always connect yon with hope, pity, and -salvation— after a great despair.' A. tone of very deep feeling quivered through tfae last words.. I kept my head turned absolutely aside. No, I wonld nrtbe-dnped! fWill yon not say something I Will yoix not, at least, be generous enough to make some remark !' he asfed with an impatient sigh. Of courae,' I answered, resolutely discharging frhm my tones ahyttunghnt the moat metallic luadneto, -, ' these papers provs itb me that yon. have epent thB last seven years or wo to conrune Work bt thb University.'. They prove 1 Yon chooBe to show me. a. relentless, spirit. - And I snppose I deserve it." But ! have farther proofo with'toe? . So , saying, ho produced an ancient-' looking , newspaper v and ,rekeff me to noSce theidaie. The year was ithst bl the incident of the theft the day and months Itoiei paper JTH Wrihern jooroph ;,tiiVi)0fated ont ; a .paragraj)h whi(h jH/farthwith, perused. It was to tbe effect that Mr. Hnbert MarBton (nephew of Mr. Albert Marston, a well-known Yorkshire mann- facturpr and M.F.), had won a scholar ship at St. Thomas's College, Oxbridge, and that it was supposed he wonld end hiB. career at the University in the antnmn. The paper added that he had for ten years previously pursued a very satisfactory and steadily rising career at a public school I That did fairly stagger me. Of ell his life there remained only a few months to acconnt for. Dating those months it was that the robbery at the railway station had occurred. I fonnd myself lookine eearchinelv into the bine eyes which were bent as steadily npon mine.. ' And"" in that position we remained far a few seconds. He was the first to speak. . 'Do yon now believe in me, MiBS Keith f he asked in a low voice. ' Nof said I; 'I cannot say that." There 'remains a good deal to be ac counted for.' \- 'He gave a sigh of disappointment ' I wonld give a great deal somehow,' arid he, ' if yon wonld believe to me jnst on my word. Yes, I would give a good deal.' To thiB, at first, I made no response. There was something downcast iu his air; he had a troubled look, and I began to conceive in all this matter some great nraaen stress or lire, some tragical combination of circumstances, which might throw a men once in a way npon a 'Wild act oat of consistency with the rest of his nature. It wbb growing dnBk. Wo had been silent for eeyeral minutes. To relieve the situation I rose and struck a match and began to light the candles. Then I approached the window. ' Let me do that !' said he, springing np, and he- went to tbe window and closed and latched it. I meanwhile had my hand . on the curtains. ' That also I can do,' said he. He rams np to me and took the very fold I was holding. There was some thing io the common-place action which relieved the embarrassment we had both been feeling. Oar fingers met by accident. In a moment his other hand gently pressed my Bhonlder. 'Mies Keith,' said he, ' Mies Keith ! Only tell me that jnst on, my word yon will believe in me. That you will take back that ugly name yon called me. That in spite of everything yon will say to yonreelf, "This man la not a ruffian." ' I pulled at the curtain. ' Yon are not really helping me, Mr. Marston,' said I cheerily ; ' please stand ont of the way and let me get this well drawn to. Thank yon. Now will yon sit down again ? No. To tell yon the honest truth I do not think yon a ruffian, and even to my moment of moot supreme and righteous anger, I am not at all tnare tb&L; l really iu my heart tliuugnc it of yon.' ' Now,' said he, 1 1 -can trust you. I can trnst yon with my story. Will you sit down again and listen to it V (To be concluded next week ) I 