TALES AND SSCEMES ::-v. — SOHS OF FIREi ; Br MISS BRAMRpN. . Author ov "IiAnr Audley's Skquet," "The Fatal Three," " Tub Day WfLti-CojnJ,'"' "The Doctor's Wife," "Thou Ant the Mas 1" Ac. all rights reserved. Chapter XVL— "Ohanor Cannot Change Mr Love, nor Tijib Impair." Suzette endured her lover', nbaonoe with a philosophical ohcerfulness whteh somewhat sur prised b.r annr. "Upon my word, Suzle, I am half inclined to think that you don't oaro a straw for Allan," Mrs. Mornington exclaimed ono uay, wnen ner nieco came singing across tho wintry lawn, orisp undor her footstops after the morning frost. Suzetto looked angrier than her annt had ever seen her look till this moment. "Auntie, liow can you say anything so horrid ? Not oaro for Allan 1 When he is in sad trouble, too I This morning's letter gives a most melan choly account of his father. I fear the end must be very near. It was very wrong of me to come running and singing over the grass ; but these frosty mornings aro so delioious. Look at that glorious blue up there ! " " And when all is over Allan will coma baok to yon, I suppose? I must say you have en dured tho separation in tho calmest way." " Why should I moko myself unhappy about it? I know that it is Allan's duty to be at Fen- dyke. The only thing I regret is that I can't be tuero too, to oneor iinn < iivvio in urn aurruw. "And you do not mind bsing parted from him. You can live without him ? " Suzetto smiled at the sentimental question from the lips of her practical aunt, whose ideas seemod rarely to roar above the daily oares of housekeeping and the considerations of twopence as against twopsnce halfpenny." " I have had to live without him for over twenty years, auntie." "Yes, but I thought that the moment a girl wob engaged she found life impossible In the absonas of her sweetheart." " I think that kind of girl must bo very empty htaded." " And your littlo brains are well furnished — and thou yon have Mrs. Wornook and her son to fill up your days," said Mrs. Mornington, with a soarohing look. "I have MrB. Wornook, and I am very fond of her. I seo very littlo of Mrs. Wornoak's son." "Where is ho, then? I thought ho. was at tho manor." "He is seldom At homo in the daytime, and I am novcr there in tho evening." " And so yon never meet. You are like Box and Cox. So much tho more satisfaotory for Allan, I should say." "Rsally, aunt, you are in a most provoking mood this morning. I'm afraid the butcher's book must be heavier then it ought to be." It wne Tuosday — Mrs. Mornington's terrible day— the day on whioh tho tradesmen's books eamo up for judgment; a day on whioh tho cook trembled, and even tho houso' maids f.lt the eleotriaity in the atmosphere. " Seven and twonty shillings higher than it ought to bo," said the lady ; " but that isn't what set mo thinking about you and Allan. I have been thinking about yoa for ovor so long. I'm afraid you aro not so fond of him as you ought to be." " Auutie, you have no right to say that." " Why not, pray, miss ?" "Booauso, perhaps, if. you had not urged me to aceopt liiin, I might not havo said 'Yes' when he askod me tho second time. Oh, pray don't look so frightened. I am very fond of him — very fond of him. I know that he is good and true and kiud, and that he loves mo better than I deserve to bo loved, and thinks me better than I am— cleverer, prottier, altogether superior to my workn-day self. And it is vory sweet to have a lover who thinks of ono in that exalted way. But I am not romantioally in love, aantio. I don't believo that it is in my nature to bo romantic. I see the bright and happy aide of life. I see things to laugh at I am not sentimental." " Well, I dare say Allan oan get on without sentiment, so long as he knows you like him better than anybody also in the world ; and now, as there is no resson whatever for delay, the ioonor you marry him the hotter." " I am afraid he will loso his father before long, auntlo ; and then ho can't marry for at least a year." " Nonsenso, child. He won't ho a widowor. I dare Bay Lady Emily will be marrying by that time. Three months will bo quite long enough for Allan to wnit. You can make tho wedding as quiet as you like." Suzettedid not prolong the argument. Tho subject was too remote to need discussion. Mrs. Mornington went back to her tradesmen's bookr, and Suzetto laft her absorbed in the calculation of lega and airloins, nnd the deeper mystery of sonp meat and gravy beef. Christmas had oomo and gone, a very tranquil season at Matcham, marked only by the decora tion of the church and tho new bonnets in tho tradespeople's pews. It waa a dull, grey day at the ond of the year, the last day but one, and Suzbtte was walking homo rathe early dusk after what obo called a long morning with Mrs. Wor nook, a long morning which generally lasted till late in the af jernoon. But these raid winter days wore too short to allow of Suzetto walking homo alone after toa ; so unless her own or her aunt's pony carriago waa coming for her, Bbe left Mrs. Wornook before dusk. To-day Mrs. Wornook had boon sadder even than her wont, as if saddened by tho taBt news from Fsndyke, nnd sorrowing for Allan's loss ; so Suzette had stayed iongsr than usual, and as she walked homeward tho shadows of evening began to fall darkly, and tho leafless woods looked black against the faint pale saffron of tho western sky. Ths snn had shown himself only an hour before his setting, a pslo and wintry sun. Presently in the stillness she heard horae'a hoofs walking slowly on the moist road, and the next turn in the path showed her Geoffrey Wor nook, in his red coat, leading his homo. It was the first time tliay had met since her refusal to play any more duets with him, and, without knowing why, ahe felt considerable embarrassment at the meeting, and was sorry wlian h» aLnnn»<1 fn ah&lra; hand nifli how stopped as if he meant to enter into conversa tion. "Going home alone in the dark, Miss Yin- cent?" "Yes; the darkneis comes upon ono unawares in these short winter dayB. I stayed with Mrs. Wornook because she scorned out of spirits. I am glad you aro home early to cheer her." " That is tantamount to saying yon are glad I havo tamed my horse. I should be on the other sida of Andover, in one of the best runs of tho season, if it were not for that feet. When one is thrown out, the run is always quits tho best — or so one's dear frionds tell ons afterwards." "I sm sorry for your horse. I hope he isn't much hurt?" -" I don't know. Lameness in a horio is gener- »Ity.au impenetrable mystery. Ono only knows fttat ae is lame. The stable will find half a uortn theories to account for it, and tho vot will 'fraifia', seventh, and very likely they may all be .Wrong. ) I'll walk with you to the high road at loost.y/ «5\jura give tho poor horse extra work. Not (fOT-tne world." — Then I'll take him on till I am within halloo of the Btablss, and then oome baok to you, if you'll walk on vory slowly." " Pray don't ! I am not at all afraid of the dusk." "Ploaie walk slowly," he answered, looking baok at hor and hurrying on with his horse. Suzette was vexed at his psrsistonos ; but ihs did not want to be rude to him, were it only for bis mother's sake. How mueh bettor it would have been had bo gono straight home . to chocr that fond mother by his company, instead of wnsting his time by walking to Matohsm, as ho would perhaps insist upon doing. He' looked whits and haggard, Suzette thought ; but that might only be tho effect of tho dim, grey light, or it might be that he was tired after a laborious day. She had not much time to think about him. His footsteps sounded on the road behind hor. He was running to overtake her. It occurred to hor that she might turn this persistsneo of his togoodacoonnt. Sho might talk to him about his mother, and urge him to apsnd a littlo moro of his time at home, and do a little more to okeer that lonely life. "I met one of the lads," ho said, "and got rid of that poor brute." "I am so sorry you should'think it necessary to some with me. " Yon mean that you are sorry that I should enatoh a brief and perilous joy — half an hour in yonr company — after having abstained from pleasure and peril so long." " If von are eoine to telle nonsense. I shall go back to ths house and ask your mother to send ms home in her brougham." "Thon I won't talk nonsenso. I don't want to offend you ; and you are so easily offended. Something offended you in our duets. What was it, I wondor? Some ignorant sin of rains? some passage played troppo appassionato? tome long lingering ohord that sounded liko n sigh from an over laden heart ? Did the mueio speak too plainly, Suzette ?" "This is too bad of you !" exolaimed Suzetto, pals with anger. "You take a mean advautaga of finding mo aiono here. I won't walk another etep with you I" She turned and walked qniokly in the opposite direotinn as she spoke ; but she was some dis tance from the house, at loast 10 minutes' walk, and her heart sank at the thought of how muoh Geoffrey AVornock could say to her in 10 minutes. Her heart was beating violently, louder and faster than she had ever felt it beat Did it matter bo much what nonssnse he might talk to her— mero idlo froth, from idle lips? Yes, it seemed to her to matter very muoh. She would be guilty of unpardonablo treason to Allan if sho let this man talk. It seemed to her as if these wild words of his— mero rodo montade—made an epoch in her life. He seized her by the arm with passionate vobemanoe, bat not roughly. " Suzette i Suzotte! you must— you shall hear mo ! " he said. " Go whioh way you will, I go with you. I did not mean to speak. I have tried— honestly— to avoid you. Short of leaving this plaoe altogether, I havo done my uttermost. But Fate moaut ue to meet, you -see. Fate tamed my horse, tho soundest hunter of tbem all. Fate sent you by this lonely path at the nick of time. Yoa shall hear me 1 Say what you like to mo whon you have heard. Be as hard, as oruel, as constant to your afltanoed lovor as you ploaso, but you shall know that you have another lover, a lover who has been silent until to-night, but who loves yoa with a love whioh is his doom. Who says that about love ond doom? Shakspoare or Tennyson, I sup pose. Tkoso two fellows have said every thing." " Mr. Wornook, you ore very oruel," oho fal- tored. "You know how dearly I love yonr mother, and that I wouldn't for tho world do anything to wound her feelings, but you are making it impossible for mo ever to enter her house again." "Why impossible? You nro trembling, Suzette. Oh, my love I My dear, dear girl, you tromblo at my touch. My words go homo to your heart. Sazotto, that other man has not all yonr boart. If he had, you would not havo baen afraid to go on with your muaie. If your heart was his Orpheus himself oould not have moved you." " I was not afraid. You were talking nonsense. I left off playing because Allan did not like to see me absorbed in an oooupation whioh be oould not share. It was my duty to defer to bis opinion." . "Yes, ho heard, he understood. Ho know that my heart wae going out to you— my long ing passionato heart. He oould read my mystery, though you oould not. Suzotto, is it hopeless forme? Is he verily and indeed the chosen? Or do you care for him only because he oame to you first — when you kusw not what love means? You gavo yourself lightly because ho is what people call a good follow. He cannot lovo yon as I love yon, Suzetto. Lovo is something less than all tho world for him. No duty baside a father's sick bed would keep me from my dearest, if Bbe were mine. I would be your slave. I oould live upon one kind word a month, if only I might bs near you to heboid and adore." He hnd released her arm, bat he was walking close by her side, still in the direction of the Manor Honso, she hurrying impetuously, tryng to conquer her agitation, trying to make light of his foolishness, and yet deeply moved. " Yon are vory unkind," ahe said at last, with a pitoonsness that was like the complaint of a child. " Unkind ! I am a miserable wretch pleading for lifs, and yon call mo unkind. Suzette, have pity on me ! I have not succumbed without a strugglo. I loved you from the hour we met — from that first hour when my heart warmed in the sunlight of your eyes. On looking back, it sscms to mo now that I must have so loved yoa from tho beginning. I ctn recall no hour in which I did not love you. But I havo fought the good fight, Snzetto. Self-banishod from the presence I lovs, I have lived between earth and sky, until, though I havo something of the sportsman's instinct, I hove come almost to hato the mnsio of the hounds and ths call of the huntsman's' horn, becauso in eveiy mils my horso galloped he was carrying me further from you, and overy hour I spent far afield waa an hour I might have spent with you." "It is cruel of you to persecute mo liko this." " No. no. Succtta ? von must not talk of ner. seoutlon. If I am roogh and vehement to-night, it is because I am resolute to ask the qncation that has been burning on my lips ever since I kuew yon. I will not lie put off from that. But onoa the question asked and answered I have done, and, if it must be so, yon iiave done with me. There shall be no such thing as pcrseoution. I am here at yonr side, your devoted lover — no better man than Allan Carew, but I think as good a man, with fair a record, of an old and honor able race, richer in this world's gear; bat that's not much to such a woman as Suzette. It is for you to ahoose between us ; and it is not becauso you said yes to him before yon bad ever seen my face that you aro to say no to me, if there is the faintest whisper in your hoart that pleads for mo against him." Sho stood silent, her eyolids drooping over her eyas that wcro not tearless. His words thrilled hor, as bis violin had thrilled lier sometimes in some lingering, plaintive strain of old world raotudy. His face was near her's, and his hand was on her shoulder, de taining her. The intellectuality, the refinement of tho delicately chiaollcd features, the palor of the clear complexion was intensified by the dim light. She oould not but feel tho charm of his manner. Ho was like Allan — yet how unlike ! There was a fascination in this faae, a mnsio in this voice, which' were wanting in Allan, frank, nud bright, and honest, and trus thougli he was. There was in this man juat the element - of poetry and unreasoning impulse whioh influences a woman in her first yonth more than all the manly virtues that ovor went to the making of tho Christian Hero. Suzette had time to feel tho power of that personal charm before she collected herself suffi ciently to answer him with becoming firmuess. For some moments she was silent, under tho in fluence of n spell whioh she know must be fatal to her peace and Allan's happiness, should she weakly yield. No, sho would not be so poor, so fiokle a creature. Sho would be stanch and true, worthy of Allan's love and of her father's confidence. "Why, if I were to palter with the situation," she thought — "if I were to play fast and looso with Allan, my father might think ho bad been mistaken in trusting mo without a chaperon. He wonld never respeot me or bolieve me again. And Allan? What could Allan think of me wore I oapable of betraying him ?" Her heart turned cold at the idea of his in dignation, griof, disgust at woman's perfidy. Siie knew not whether anger or sorrow wonld prevail. She conquered her agitation with an effort, and answered this troublesome lover as lightly as ehe could. She did not want Geoffrey to know how he had shaken her nerves by this un expected appeal. She knew now, standing by his side, with that eloquent foes so near her own, that mnsioal voice pleading to her — sho knew howoften'his image bad baen present to her thoughts at Disoomba Manor, while ho himself was' far away.- ' "It is very foolish of yon to waste such big words upon another man's Bweetheart," aha said. "Fray believe that when I acospted Allan Carow as my future husband. I acospted liim onoe and for ever. There was no question of seoing some one else a little later, and liking some one else a little hetter. --Thereinay bo girls who do that sort of tliinge lqtfj qlfouhPbe. sorry that anybody could-. -think " me -espMllei gf suob inoonstancy. Allan" 'Carew and I belong to eaeb other for tho feat of our livos.',' I -- \ "Is that a final answer, iMiss Vincent,?'.' "Absolutely filial. 'V ' "Then I oan say no more, except to ask;yo'iir.' forgivoncss for having said so muoh nlready.'- "If you will go on to the bonis, audjtalk-nrmy motlior for a few minutes, I'll go to the stables ami order the brougham to tako yon home. It is too dark for you to walk homo alone. There was no occasion for the brangham. A pair of tamps in the drlvo announood ths arrival of Miss Vinaent's pony cart, whioh had been sent to fetch her. Chatter XVII.— At Evensong. Tho windows were darkened at Fendykc. The passing bell had tilled tho years of tho life that was done, sounding solemnly and slowly across ths level fields, the deep narrow rivsr, tho mill streams and pine woods, tho scattered tiamlets lying far apart on the great flat, where the sun sets linger late and long. All was over, and Allan had to put aside his own sorrow in order to comfort his mother, who waa hoart broken at tho loss of a husband she had idolised, with a lovo so qniot and unubstrusive, so little givon to sentimental utterances, that it might havo been mistaken for indifference. Sho wandered about the darkened house like some lost soul in tho dim undor world, unable to think of anything, or to speak of anything but bar loss. She looked to Allan for overy thing, asserted her authority in no detail. "Let all ha as he wished," sho said to her son. "Let us tiling only of pleasing him. You know what he would like, Allan. You were with him so muoh towards tho last. Ho talked to you so freely. Think only of him, and of his wishes." She could not divest herself of the idoa that her husband was looking on at all that hap pened, that tills or that arrangement might be displeasing to him. Sho waa sure that ho would wish tho sternost simplicity as to ths funorai. His own farm laborers wore to oarry bim to his grave, and tho burial was to bs at dusk. He had himsolf prescribed those two conditions. Ho wished to uo laid In liis grave at set of sun, when tho hireling's daily toll was over, and ths humblest of Ills neighbors oould have leisure to follow him to his last bod. And then he had quoted Parson Hawker's touching lines — Sunset should bo the time, they said, To close their brother's narrow bed. 'Tis at that pleasant hour of day The laborer treads his homeward way. His work is o'er, his toll is done, And therefore at tho set of sun, To wait the wages of the dead, We lay our hireling in his bed. Those lines were written for tho tillers of the earth ; but George Carew's thoughts of himself were as humble as if he bad beau the lowest of day laborers. Indeed, in those dosing hours of life, when the record of a men's existence is sud denly spread out before bim like the scroll which the prophet laid before the king, there is maah in that aomprebensive survey to humiliate the iroudest of God's servants, much which makes aim who has labored strsnnonsly despair at the insufficiency of the result, .the unprofitableness of his labor. How, then, could such a men as George Carew fail to perceive bis unwortbiness? —a man who had let lifo go by him, who had done nothing, save by a careloss automatie beni- fieence, to help or better his fellow men, to whom duty had been an empty word, and the Christian religion a lifeless formula. The Squire of Fendyks was laid to rest in the pale twilight of early March, the winter birds sounding their melancholy evensong ns the coffin was lowered into the grave. The widow anil her sou stood side by side, with those humbler neighbors and dependents clustering round thorn. No one had been bidden to the funeral, no hour bad been namsd, and the gentry of the district, whose houses lay somewhat wido apart, knew nothing of tho arrangements till after wards. There were no empty carriages to testify to the decent grief, which stays at home, wuuo iiverieu servants oner sue (noma oi solemn faces and blaek gloves. Side by side Lady Emily and her son walked through the grounds of Fendyke to the churchyard adjoin ing. The wintry darkness had falleu gently on tboso humble graves whin tho last"Ainen" had been spoken, and mother and eon turned slowly and sadly towards the desolate home. Allan stayed in his mother's oi ttiogroora till after midnight, talking of their dead. Lady Emily found n sad pleasure in talkiug of the husband she had lost, in dwelling fondly upon liis virtues, his calm and studious life, his non interference with her houecbald arrangements, his perfect contentment with the things that satisfied Ucr. "There never was a belter husband, Allan," sho said, with a tearful sigh, " and yet I know I was not his first love." "NotiiiB first love. Alas! no, poor soul," mused Allan, when he had biililsn bis mother good night, and was seated alone in front of bis father's bureau, alouo in the dead middle of ths night, steeped in ths vivid light of the targe reading tamp, under its spreading silken shade, while all the rest of the room was in shadow. "Not his first lovo 1 Poor mother. It is happy for yon tfcat you know not how near that first lovo was to being the last and only love of your husband's life. Thank God you did not know." Often in those quiet days in the old Suffolk manor house, while his father was gradually fad ing out of life, Allan had argited with himself as to whether it was or was not liis duty to revaal Mrs. Wo r nock's identity with the woman to whom Goorgo Carew had dedicated a lifctimo of regret, and to give his father the option of summoning chat sad ghost out of the past, of clasping onoo again the vanished hand, and hearing the voice that had so long beon unheard. There would have been rapture, por- liape, to the dying man in one brief hour af re union ; but that hour oould not give back yonili, or youthful dreams. Tboro would have been the irony of fato in a meeting on the brink oi the grave, and whatever touch of feverish glad ness there might have been for tho dying in that brief hour, its after oonscqueoces would havo keen full of evil for the inotuning wife. Better, infinitely bettor, that she should novcr know the romance of lier husband's youth, never be able to identify the woman Ue loved, or to. infliat upon her own tender heart the self torture of oomparisoh with auoh a woman ns Mrs. Wornook. For Lady Emily, in hor happy ignoranco of ail details, that enrly love was but a vague memory of a remote past, a memory too shadowy ta lift feTip naiifln nf rpfcrnnnpfltiv ipulonyv. Sho kuew that her husband had loved and sorrowed ; and site knew no more. It must needs be pain ful to. hor to identify his lust love in tho person of a lady whom her son valued as a friend, end to whom her son's futnre wife was warnily attnehed. Allan had felt therefore that he was fully justified in leaving Mrs. Wornook's story nnrevealod, even though by that silenoe he deprived the man who had loved her af the last tearful farewell, the fiual touoli of hands that had long been parted. He was full of sadness to-night as he turned the key in the look, and lifted tho heavy lid of tho bureau at whioh he had so often seen liis father seated arranging tatters and papers with neat leisurely hands, and that penaivo placidity whioh characterised all tho details of his life. That bureau was the una repository for all papers of a private nature, tho one spot pcouliarly as sociated with him whom they had laid in the gravo at evensong. No one else had ever written onl that desk, or possessed tho keys of those quaintly inlaid ilrawors. kyAr.d now the secrets of tho dead were at the ,meioy of the survivors, so far as be had left any trace of them among those neatly docketed papers, those paokets of letters folded and tied with red tape, or paaked in largo envelopes, sealed, and labelled. Allan touohed those paokets with rsvorent hands, glanoed at their endorsement, and re- Elaoed them in the drawers or pigeon holes as e had found thorn. He was looking for the msnusoript of whioh ids father had told him ; the story of a "lovo whioh never found its earthly close." Yes, it was here, under his hand; a thin ootavo, bound in limp morocoo, a manusoript of somoenrng ross ennn run pages, ill cuo uauu ue knew eo woil, tho email, neat hand that, to Allan's fnnoy, told of tho leisurely life, the mind free from fever and fret, the heart that beat in slow timo and had long outlived the quiok alter nations of passionato feeling. Allan drew hie chair ncaror tbo lamp and began to read. (to ue continued.) 