'GENERAL NEWS Tho ordinary, monthly mooting of tho Porth City Council will bo hold in tho Council Chamber this evening at 8 o'clock. A now nfcjjftzLno riQo, invented by an Italian 'officer, fires 20 cartridges auto matically, without requiring any olnvngo in position on tho part of tho soldier j tho firing may bo intermittent or con tinuons, at will, At a rocont trial in thoCasolno, at Floronc*, tho 20 'shots ? woro.flrod in two seconds, and all hit the turgot. For 'somo tim'o pnat thero has boon much talk of ghosts walking at night in Ballavat (Victoria) and numboro of parsons havo boon much scared. An exciting oucountor rocontly took plnco botwoon tho supposed gho8t and an oldovly minor, named 1? . J. Park, residing at Mount Pleasant, who was walking a'ohg Eurcka-stroot, to meot hia wife, whon ho saw a poculiar figure chasing tho woman, and sho was Boroanuug. Park gavo chase, and camo up with-tho follow, who was drosBod in a whito '.smook, with a coffin lid Oft. long on his back and his faco mnoared with phos phorus. . Tho old minor grappled with '?him, and both foil to tho ground, Park ' getting a flnu hold of hi-Uogaudealling ,*?? for.holn,' Finding ho could, not got away.tho ghost drow a knifo and stabbed -, Parian thb arm, cutting through tho coat and drawing blood. Ho then os ',' jSapod.yOPark roportod tho matter tottho ?'} polipo and showed tho wouud. Ho doa Boribed tho' ghost' as boing about 85 ? yoars old, and a powerful' man. Mrs. i tWestlaw, wifo of tho oity missionary, 1 aud.othor vosklonts of tho neighbor hood oonflrmhis story so far aahotiring his wi'fo sorenming for help, but they all appear to havo boon afraid to go' to ???-. horroBouo. .,, ? ;?'. ? ?'Thq8ocrot of health and, of long lifoi' Bays Dor Wamilicnanl (Now ? ' York) 'Una in tho following vOry simple ♦ thingss— 1. Broatho fresh air day and ' .night'. 2. Tako sufficient . sloop aud rost^. S.Woylc liko a.maij buVnovqr overwork;. 4'. Avoid passion and ox , citbmbht j tho 'anger of an instant may bo fatal, ,6, Do notstrivo to tako tho '??) ; wholp world on your shoulders—trust in. your good, destiny J-.fl. Novov doa v pair.. Lost hopo in a mortal malady. ' ' j W: 'Says the Anti-Slavery ' Reporter i— / ; Tho PolyjiBslun labor ' tmfllo Btlll con tmuos.in spitoqf theprotosts.of Lord ? Btahmoro; Sir Willian doa Vcoux, Admiral Erskino, Dr. J. G. Paton, tho AntUsiftyorySooioty, any many' othors, \- ami tho. beautiful islands of tho South Soaaavo being depopulated for thopur poso of providing a handful of Qubono . land Biigar pla'ntora \,with lnbor.ora,' ( Tho Sooifity,, early in 1804, published ;? ' tlio, principal .- portions,, of ,, a .long , memorial' to tho Colonial Minister, from tho pqn oriJr. A'aton. Tho atatomenta oontuinbd id' this moniorial' havo as'yot V, hot boon anuw'urod, and in ono instance '.' tho Colonial authorities havo provod. \- tho truth of. Dr. Pnton's allegations. ? Tlio ( nyai'om was oallod a branch of '''' tho slavlQ trado, and la a Uisgraco to tho 1 British nation. . '\ ? ? Mossrs. B. C.k Shonton and Co,, aio -?vannouncing th'at thoir oloaring salo is j '? ? still -on; ? This ? woll-knowii flv'm aro f' allowiiM!1. a.disconntof dfl-in tho pound . on all .purchases during tlio continuanco 1 of the salo. , . i An ontortainmont is being organisod by' sovoral ladiog connootod with -tho Ministering Children's .Loaguo in aid of ? tho now Convalescent Homo at Cottes*. loo, Tho St. Goorgo'a Dramatio Clubs wlfich has lately boon reorganised, haf promised nssistanco, and , a couplo ot piecoB will bo placed in rohoarsal a, once for. tho phtbi;t:iininou.t,, which will probably tako place about tho ond of thojnonth. , . Mails for tho Easlorn Colonies and tho UuitodjKingdom ior next wcok will oIobo at tho G,P.O. on Friday, Oth August, at tho usual hour. Tho motion by Mr. 1-Iarpor, desiring that the Government should tako stops to I'oplticb bilkers of, tho publio aorvico whoworo neffhijont nnd moompotont, oauHod Boino diRoussion in tho Atisombly lost night. , Mv. Hai^or rbmarkod that ho had heard that his motion was re garded by some as tantamount to a voto / . of no-dbnfldonce, and that in order to disnolthoidoaho desirod to mako an addition 'oxm'isasiijg1 conildeiujo in tho Miniotry. . Tho Spoakor said this could only'bQ doao with tho oonaont of tho , HouBOi : As Mr. Simpson objected, tho ' motion waa discussed as it Btood. ThoTromior dpfonded tho Civil Sor ; vimta, and olassod thorn aa an ofllciont lot of oillcoi's; Thoi'o woro oaaos, ho said contlhually cropping up In whio.U olflccra did not bohavo thomsolvoa in tlio wny they should. Tho Govornmout, howovor, had got rid of many of those. Ho did aiob think thoro wns any sorious ouuho lor o.ouipiumt. j.no ivuornoy Gonoral spoko in a similar strain, and pointed out that whon tho Govornmont took office thoy doolinodto oarry on tho work of tho noimtry whilo thoy woro \- saddled; with dronos and int6mp6ratos. Thdso, ho pointed out, woro spoodlly got 1 rid of, Tho majority of tho mombora ' wgod thb withdraw al of tho solution. Aftjor.dobato jtho, motion, on bolng put, wn« carried by 10 yotos to i, tho Goyorn* mout voting with tho iuajority( ' .! ? A% cotrospondent, signing himsolf 11 Wost Australian,' writes ,— ' Having road with very groat' interoat tho.ro* , maritaot our ostoomoa colonist, Mv. Edmund Sliiillng, in your issuo of to aight on tho first introduction of oleotrio telegraphs,' and tho plnntiug of tho first tolegmph'post' noar tlio 'Williani-streot :. ? jottj», I would ljko to ftslc tho Poafahastor , General how if is that tho Momorjal TelQgraph PoB]li, , for years standiuff in St; Qqoi'kci'h Torraco, has boon romovod, ttndwhatlmfl bocomo of thisvaluablo ? ? rolictoF tho oarly dayuP Tho pinto on thopost had tho names I believe, of ' Major Crampton, and Mosara. I. J. C. 1 Caw, Goorgo Qlydo, Go'orgo Shonton, Luko S. Lo'ako and Edmund Birch, ThoBO of us- who liko to hoar of tho ' doings in tho oarly daya, and tho friends and relatives of tho old pioneora,' aro , palnod to boo theso land marks romovod, -and if not, actually destroyed and put ' ont of aightj'by thoso Avho aro unaolo , to look back \nth ploasuro on tlio doingg of tho oarly sottJors, My question is, who rpraoved tho post, and whoro is tho brasa'platowithtbo inscription thoro- ? onP' Among tho many improvomonta in mining maohindry particularly adapted to tho ' goldflolds of this colony— especially iu pioneering work—is tho porfeoting of dry-blowing machines suitablo to tho treatment of alluvial in tho watorlosa rogions whoroin our gold , ? ia invariably found. Prom favorablo Y.i roports on all sides arising from tho ox porit'heoof praotical diggers, it can bo' ? Said that tho Stovo Lordon dryblower is ' by far and away tho bost appariitua of its kind yet inyohtod. Tho machines v . ,*ro,to bq sopniu aqjtivo.work on oyorj Hold of noto, and although tho Lordon blowoi1 is a comparatively now oroation already BOO of them havo boon turnod out at tho Fromnntlo factory. Thoir laotulncss is not confined to Wcatorn Australia ns Mount Brown in ?upper N.SAV., aud various fields in Quoons land and South Australia also know thorn. For somo wooka past ono of ? tho blowers has boon working on Bayloy's Howard Claim boingongajjod in treating with groat succeso the .alluvial tailings tbat havo aotudUy boon put through othor dryblowors, In conuootiou with this excellont work, Captain W. II. Matthowfl, tho managor of Bayloy's, writos tiiat after a trial of sovoral weoks of tho Lordon machine, wo hnvo ob tainod tho most satisfactory rbsults in working alluvial tailiugs which had passed through othor maohinos. Tho )lowor in at present giving ovory satis* faction.' Othor opiuiona aro oqually satisfactory. Somo minora declaring that tho maohluo is not only a blessing but an actual necessity. Mr. II. Evans Hughoa will bo oaBiatod at hia sacred concort on Sunday ovon* ing at tho Fremautlo ? Town Hall- by Mias Claro Robiqaon, Miss L. Ifoltham; Miss 0 won, Misa Dovoniah, Miss Mahor, Mr, A, Gra. Kossor, Mr. Bridgwood, and Mr. Cardon. Af tor formal businoaslmd boon dis posod of hi tho'.Loglslativo'Assombly yostorday aftornoon.tho Cuatoiua Duties Eopoal Bill paasod its third roading ana was transmitted to tho Legislative Council. Mr. Illiugworth roaumodthp ndjournod dobato on tho aocond reading, of tho Bill to rogulato tho salo of -AgrK cultural Fertilisers nnd Fooding Stuffs, and m'ovod as amondmont., that, the Bill bo road that day six months. This howovor, whon put was lost, aud tho Bill passed its second rbadiug, tho committoo stago boing mado an ordor for. Tuosday. Th'o dobato on tho Bccond roading of tho Goldflolds Bill was adjournod until Tuosday, as tho results of publio moot ings hold on tho.flolda had not reachod tho mombora to whom'thoy woro diroot oa, a uiU'iov tt)o iiicouaingorKoirosn mont Booms , on tho Railways and Thqatr,os , was ,road a first timo . A motion by Mr.Randoll for h, return »h .ow- ing, all works authorised on tho .1801-05 oatimatos, not yot commoncod or iucom ploto and ths reason, wns carried. An othor motion asking.particulara coucoru ing land rocputly i'osumod at Bunbury for railway purposes, was carriod, Wo direot attention to Moasrs Iligham and Sons' advortiaomont appearing in to-day's issue, to tho offoot that this firm have mado still1 furthor reductions, in ovory dopartmont of thoiv oxtbusivo 'businoss, Customora aro askod to noto that tho firm havo not roduood thpir pritos for a wook only, but have ' mado - every roduotlon por manont, Mo'gsra. Cavgoqgand Co. of tho Bon Maroho Storoa, Porth'ivnd Fromuntlo, annouubo in our advertising column a that tq-inorrow,' is tho last day of tho ''Bazaar of Bnrgalna.' Among tho ohoap linno in i l\ fi »k I nwi ri i «1 n'nniMiJiiitfinli t.$ iiuua 13 a ujjiuuuiu usauriiuiuub ui Japanoso goods at .tho Perth ostablUii iinont'only.1 ' ' , ' ' ' ?. V ' ',?????' . . : ' -n— ?— ' , ,,. ? ' . ?(', A GQiisiUionnl balloon nscont wns'mado in l'fti'ifl tho othqrftftornoonby M. Capuzz(i,-a woll-lciioffn uel'oniuit,, in lilabulloon Caliban whioli Iiuh ii oitpncity of 800 cubio motroii, M, Oapnazaw'tts necbinpaniod by a liidy, andliis idea Was ib dcmoni'troto tlmt ho could jjbbi'utojthq (jftp, uud dosoond frota.a height of 2,000 uiotroa by. moan» of uimr aohuto 20 mutvcH in- dinmutor, strotohed over .'tho top. of tlio - Bilk, Tho oxporimbnt succeeded lulniinibly, and both M. CiHMizna nnd tho lady paHaun^pr came down snfoly in tho Hue du^uubourg, Bt, Antoino, 9110 of tho most populous quarters of Paris, , ' ' 