The Doctor's Disguise. An Interesting Story. A imoKKN-ncnvN, niildowod, (leon.yocl old lionso, was tlio IWnrinov'H Joy, ;i dronry, diurnal, dosolato lnvorn, huv roundod by wator ami huii-hIi on uvoi-y fiido, and approached siifoly only by boat, for tho half-rof.toii planks which on tho land nido led to l.ho ontrunco could hardly bo considered hooui-o. A dismal houso it was when tlio cold wind Bwopt over tho Essox-mar.shos, driving boforo it a blinding cloud of sloet ; or whon tho rising- tide llappod monotonous!)' among tlio roods and flags which grow upon tho rivor'.s bank, and almost immediately beneath tlio windows of tho inn. Mariners must have been of a jovial mind indeed who could soo moro joy than on tho haU' oblitorated sign-board, which nwung and croaked over tho crazy ontranco, in the appearance of this ghostly house of entortainmont on the sedgy Em.sox shoro. Nevertheless, tho exterior of the houso bolied tho iutorior. for tlio par lour and snuggery wero moro comfort ablo than might bo imagined, and, either of those littlo rooms with a bright lire blazing, and glasses steaming, did not present so forbidding an aspect, as the cold, block road, or tho darkly shining river without. On tho ovoning this narration coin monces both rooms wore well tonanted, but somothing seemed to nip all at tempts at merriment. Jovial forms wero seated round tho firo, forms sug gestive of comic songs and humorous anecdote', but none were forthcoming ; and, when the hour of rest arrived, and tho visitors procecdod to their rooms, thoro was one door they passed hastily, by throwing norvous backward glances at it, and subduing their voicos to a whisper. Yet thoro was no foar of waking tho occupant of that dreadful apart ment. On tho bod there lay a bluo, swollen, disfigured corpse, stiff and stark, found that morning .'helplessly, swaying to and fro with 'the niiry; waters beneath, tlio windows of the inn. Tho coroner had been summouod, and the inquest hold. The body was easily identified ; not by the features— they wero unrecog nisable — but by the figure, and by the gold watch with tho Diprose crest upon .it. It was Dr. Diprose, of Galton streot. In. the words of tho newspaper, ' no reason could be assigned for his death.' Ho was a man without enemies and that lie had been murdered for the sake of robbery was plainly not tho caso as 'his watch and other valuablos woro foun,d upon him. The insuranco office whore ho had a fow weeks previously insured his life, tried to prove he had committed suicide, but f ailied, for there were ^110 reasons for his doing so. He had lately married a young wifo, with whom he lived most happily ; Jiis affairs, it is true, were rather involved, but on tho very day of* the inquest a distant relation died, loaving him tho whole of' a large property in Lancashire. This property now went to Oalob Diproso, his brothor, who was present at tho inquest, and loudly expressed his opinion that his brothor had been murdered. Suspicion, for a short time, rested upon Oalob ; but a little inquiry en tirely exonerated him. It was satis factorily proved that ho eutortained great affection for his brother, and that he could not by any possibility have be coino' acquainted with tho fact that he would possess tho Lancashire property at the doctor's death The jury woro puzzled, and at length returned an open verdict of 'Found drowned'; and after a fow days tho mattor was forgotten by overyono savo those who had been intimately con nected with the late Dr. Diproso. Mrs. Diprose was the prettiest widow imaginable, the sables became hor won derfully, and she know how to wear them tothe best advantage ; but there' wore ; those who said her sorrow was not real, and none wero so loud in con demning her as her husband's brothor, Caleb. Ho had always disliked hor, and had been opposed to the marriage, beliov ing tho pretty Alice had been attracted by the doctor's money-bags solely, whilst ho had been caught by her lovely face and beautiful hair ; but then Caleb Diproso was a confirmed old bachelor, and was in the habit of looking at everybody with suspicion. Alice know this, and strovo to appease him, and to muko friends with him, by a thousand pleasant woman's ways ; but ho envoi) nought for them ; Jezobol tricks ho called them. And now a suspicion had crossed his mind, ho scarcely know how R arose, that Alico L'now more than she chose to confoss of tho cause of her husband's death. It was « terrible suspicion to entor a man's brain ; but do what ho could, ho cculd not drive it from him. llo roasoni'd wi'.h himself, he urged tho absence oi' motive for getting rid of him — tlio only benelit she reaped from his death being a tolerably large Mini of money for which his life hail buon insured ; but that was nothing to llio Lancashire property lie would have inherited had ho but lived, a few days longer. Nevertheless, he determined to watch, and either confirm or allay tho terrible .suspicion which had tnkon possession of him. Sirs. Diproso, howovov, loft Gallon stroet as soon as possible, nnd took a small cottitgoin a distant part of Surrey, wlioro she led a very retirod life, scarcely over going out. Caleb deter mined to pay her a visit, and to sound her in conversation. ' This is an unexpected pleasure,' said Alico, as ho entered tho cottage ; but her tony appeared to lack cordi ality. 1 Ploasuro !— hum! ' growled Caleb; 'I camo to talk to you about John.' Mrs. Diproso put her lumdkorchiof to her eyes. ' I think, ma'm,1 continuod ho, 'con sidering tho doubts about the way your husband mot his doath, you take tho mattor vory eooly.' ' What can I do ? ' slie sobbed. 'Wiial have you tried to do? John was murdered — T say mtmlm't! ; cud if you are indifferent, I. am not, and I will not loavo a stone unturned to Jind out the culprit. The matter .shall ho thoroughly sifted.' 'Oil, don'!. — -pray don't — ?!. menu bo cautious in tlio stups you take.* ' Pray don't ! Am I to understand you do not wish to have your husband's murderers brought to justice ? ' 'No, no, not that — but — but you do not understand. Perhaps lie was not murdorod.' ' I saj' ho was ; and .1 say, moreover, you know more of this malter than you have rovoaled.' ' What do you mean, Mr. Diproso? Do you intond to insult mo ? ' She drew herself up, and spoke in a digni liett tone, yet to ijiuou there seemed a lack of truth in hor speech ; itappearod to him as if sho woro acting a part. n.oivovor, lie felt ho had gone far enough, and could say no moro with out further proofs, and so took his leave. Could ho have scon hor after ho had closed tho door, ho would have felt more than oven certain of her guilt. Sho Hung horsolf upon tho sofa, and gavo way to an agony of tears, and from tho midst of hor hoart-rond ing- sobs, camo forth tho words : ' Oh, God ! it is too much to bear ! Whon will it ond? — oh! whon will it ond?' As Caleb loft tho cottage, ho passed close by a tall, dark figure, wrapped in a voluminous cloak, who shrank into tho shade as he approached. Caleb recognised him as a man who had been present at the inquest, appar ently deeply interested in the proceod ings, and he wondorod what his business might bo so near the residoucb of Mrs. Diproso. He walked on a fow paces, and thon returned to watch the proceed ings of the stranger. He was just in time to seohim.ontor the widow's eottago. Calob Diprosb was not a pleasant man : ho had his own strange-fashioned notions of honour and duty, and ho aoted up to them ; and, although his lifo was strictly blameless, ho had but fow Mends. Indeed, tho only person to whom ho over oppressed any feelings of attachment was his. brother John. Ho never quarrelled with him but once, and that was about his marriage with Alico. ' Pooh ! — nonsonso ! — stuff !' ho said, on that momorablo occasion ; ' you mean to tell me, brothor John, that a lovely and charming girl has fallon in lovo with your grizzle-haired, timefur rowed, yellow old faco ? You aro a fool, brother !' Nevertheless, to all outward appear ance, tho lovoly Alico really felt for hor middlo-aged husband as truo an affeo tion as he could have wished, and. all went well, and happiness reigned in the littlo houso in Galton-street, till the one momorablo iiight when Dr. Diprose did not come homo, and was found .a: fow days aftorwards, swollen and livid. Whon Calob reached his homo, after his conversation with Mrs. Diproso, he put on a pair of slippers, and soatod liimsolf by tho side of tho expiring firo to think. Ho forced his niomory back, day -by day, to the time of his brother's marriage, ho recalled ovory word and gesture of the pretty .Alico, and thon was forced to confess he had not the smallest ground for suspecting her as he did. Particularly ho waited for soveral, days, combating the suspicion within himself* aud thon he determined to visit: the widow tho second timo. Tho railway speedily whirled him to his destination, and he walked leisurely to the cottage. When ho arrived thero, to his surprise, he found it closed, tho shutters up, and a notice that ' this desirable property' was for sale, Furiously ho attacked tho boll, the loud continued pealing of which at length had tho offect of bringing a slatternly woman with red elbows from an adjacent cottage. 'It's no good making that noise, said tho woman ; ' she's gono !' ' Gono ?' gasped Caleb. ' When ? 'To-day.' 'Whore?' 'You'd bettor askthenias oan toll you,' rojoined'the woman, entering hor own cottage. Caleb Diprose, tho grave, the staid, tho sober, the respectable, actually ran to the railway station — that is to say, if a series of jumps and bumps and wheezes may Lo called running. He rushed frantically into tho telegraph office, and, by words and gestures, made the clerk understand that somo thing important took place. Click-clack ! A fow movemonts of' tho wooden handles, a few dartings of tho black needles, and a full description of tho porson of Mrs. Diprose was flashed along tho wires to -London, to gether with a question, asking whether nnv «m-li Tinr-wim linrl linftn nnf.ip.flfl n.t. tho torminus. Tho seconds while Calob waited for; the roply .seemed hours, but at last tho little telegraph boll tinkled, and the neodli'i darted about as if possessor!. Caleb leant oagerly forward over tho rli'L'k':, .shoulder as ho noted down tho letter-. The answer was as follows : — ' Tin.1 person described is now in Suuth-h astern waiting room, with tall, dark man, black beard and moustaoho, wrappod in long cloak. They havo taken tiekots for Calais.' This was a clue to John Diproso's death — at least so thought Calob. Alice had caused him to bo niurdorod, in order to fly with the mysterious stranger ; for, from the description, ho had no doubt it was the samo man with her whom ho had noticed at tho iu quost, and had afterwards soon outer tho widow's collage. Money procured him an engine with but little delay, and a few minutes aftor receiving tho telegram ho was seated on a pile of eoko in tho tender, holding on hiu hat with both hands, find tearing towards London at thuruto df sixty miles mi hour. Caleb reached London in a state of mad excitement, and hurried to catch the I lover triiin. It \vn?t just leaving tho platform aw lie arrived ; but, heed less of tho shouts and wimiiugs of tlio guards ho jumped info the last oarria^o, and was whirled away lo l)r-vor. His object wiih to prevent Alico loaving .Knglimd. J'ut yet ho scarcely knew how to proceed ; hn ('eared to give hor in charge ('(-?? her liu-dmnd's murderer, for lie had no proofs of her guilt. A thousand plans sug^os'ed themselves to him, only to bo discarded tho next moment on account of their impracticability. Whilo still doliborating, tho train arrived at tho station, and Oalob sprang from tho carriago, aud eagerly scanned tho faoos of tho people alighting. A fow seconds onablod him to discover tho pair of whom he was i u search ; but still uncertain iiow to act, lie followed thorn a littlo distance They walked down to tho stoam packat pior, their intozitiou being ovi dontly to loavo England by tlio first boat. ' Now or uovor is tho timo to act,' ho muttered, and quickoniug his pace ho stopped forward, and gontly touched tho shouldor of his sister-in-law. His worst fears wore confirmed as ho noticed tho suddon pallor and look of fright upon hor faco as sho turned round and mot his gaze. 1 You must not loave tho country ? ' he said in a storn tone, Sho offored no rosistanco, but paa sivoly turned, and walked by his side. Tho short time theso words had takon to uttor had been sufliciont, howover, for tho-escapo of her companion. Ho was nowhero to bo seen. ' Who Avas that man with you ? ' asked Calob ; but Alice only shuddered; and made no reply. ' Tell mo his name. ? ' ' I cannot,' sho murmured. 'I insist! Toll mo!' ' Nover ! . ' It shall bo forced from you !' ' No one can compel me to disclose it.' ' It will como out in your trial.' ?My trial!' ' Yes. I suspect you of being privy to your husband's murder. I suspect your companion of being the actual culprit, and until rny suspicions are confirmed or dispolled, I will not loso sight of you. ' ' Spare mo ! ' was all sho said. Had Calob not been so much engaged in this conversation, ho might havo noticed a head slightly projecting from a pile ottiniDBr by which ho was stand ing, and ho might havo recognised that head as belonging to tho stranger ; but ho did not see it, and passed on uncon scious. But Alico's oyes woro sharper ; sho saw tho boarded face, and by a slight movomont of her hand, waved it back. Caleb conducted his brother's widow to an hotel, and saw her secured in a private room,, whilst ho himself pro ceeded to .another, to deliberate as to the noxt stop he should take. Ho drew an easy-chaiv to the sido of tho firo, for it was a cold, damp aftor noon, and sat and pondered ovor all that had happonod ; he sat so long that tho fire almost died oat, and the shades of ovoning settled on the room. Darkor and darker became tho dopartmont, but Oalob had no need of lights. The sounds of lifo gradually became fainter and faintor as tho hours passed, and Calob did not move or speak, but sat staring straight boforo him in tho direction whence he knew another arm chair was placed, but which he could not see. Suddenly the firo made an oxpiring flicker as some cidors fell in. It lit up the room for a momout, and thon left it again into darkness; but that one gloam of light had disclosed to Caleb a sight which bodowod his brow with. cold per spiration, and caused him to cover his: face with his hands. The chair opposite him was occupied !. Tromblingly he sought and found a match- box, and essayed to strike a light ; but so groat was his tremor that it was some minutes before he could do so. At length tho match caught, and by its palo light, he saw, sitting in the other chair, tho figure of tho brother, whose swollen, disfigured body had been washed ashore on the dark, woedy Essox coast. It was worne little time boforo Caleb could summon sufliciont courago to ad dross the apparition. 'John,' ho stammerod forth at length. ' Woll, brother,' returned tho spectro calmly at tho same time holding1 out' its hand. Caleb foared to touch it, but at length mado bold to do so. The grasp he rocoivod was hearty and substantial: not. at all like tho cold vanourv touoh of a ghost. ' John;! Is it really you ? ' ' Yes, Caleb, I havo come in flesh and blood to pay you a visit. I novor thought to do so till to-day ; but my wifo, at all hazards, must bo freod from,- tho suspioion you have attached to her.' ' Your wifo is— is in this hotel,' stammered Caleb, not knowing how best to break tho news of her olopmeut to him. Tlnwlt.' 'She camo horo '.with— that is sho did not come to Dover alone,' ' I know that also: -Her companion was a dark man, about my height, with a blackboard and. moustache.' ' Yes that is he,' said Caleb sur prised. 'But tell me, how Js it. you aro hero alive, and how did you know of this stranger ? ' and he loaut forward in oager oxcitemeut. John Diproso turned away for a fow seconds, and whon his brothor again saw his faco, it was with tho adjunct of a hugo black board, which outiroly altorod his appearanco, and trans formed him into tho mystorious strangor. Calob was complotoly mystified ; tho events of the luHt few wooks scorned to him like a hideous night mnro. A.lieo was innoeont of the crimo ho had imputed to her, but thoro was much to bo explained. At lougth ho found words to entreat his brother to explain the strange affair, which ho did in the following miinnor : — ? ' iMy dear brother, I he confession I a. m about to nwike lo y'U is indeerl a Had one, for I. am about to confess my self a swindler, a roguo, unworthy for .snoioty ; yot 1. did all for my (Lvn wifo. When 1. married I had as you know, a modorato income from my profession ; bu;, aftor a while, 1 began to fancy 1113' darling Alico pined after grtmt'ir luxuries than 1. could afford to give hor. Anxious to fulfil her great eat wish, 1 speculated largely, but secretly in tho hope of increasing my fortune ; instead of which L lost it all, ruin and beggary stared mo in tho face ; for myself I. did not oaro, but i'or hor it was iJiat I planned a deliberate fraud. ' M.y profession enabled me to obtain a eorpao without much difficulty ; this I dressed 111 my own clothes, placed my watch and other porsonul proporfcy in the pockets, waited till tho features bo cauio unrecognisable, and thon, one dark night, flung it into tho rivor, and instantly assuntod the disguise which 3'ou, well as you know me, failod to ponotrato. Dressed us you havo soon, 1 visited my wifo ; ovon she, at first, did not know mo. But I rovoaled myself, aud a painful scene insued. ' Her innocent mind recoilod from tho fraud I whs practising on tho in suranco company ; but it wan now too lato to.rotract. Tho body had boon found and recognised as mine ; thore foro, I could not, without confessing my roguery, undo the dood. Thou came tho nows of tho .Lancashire) pro perty boquoathod to mo, but I was forcod to bo dumb, for I could not ?prove my claim to it without branding myself as a folon. ' My dear wifo comforted mo in my affliction, but sho resolutely declined to touch the money obtained from tho in surance company, and this morning re turned it to thorn in a blank onvelope, and wo were on our way to the Con tinont whon you stopped us, wheio we hopod to live quietly on the fow pounds which she possesses. Now, Caleb, I entreat you to restoro ray wifo to me, and let us go. I have sinned; but 1; trust not beyond tho power of repar ation.' Calob held out his arms silently to his brother, and embraced him warmly. ' John,' said he, 'you are restored to me again. Wo will go abroad. To save explanations the Lanchashiro pro perty shall still stand in my name, but you, as is your right, shall have un limited control over it, Forgive mo, brother, for having thought so harshly of vour wifo. I now boo hor true worth.' ' Yes, Caleb, she is onoin a thousand. Taunted by you and othors, susjiected and shunned, for my saice sho boro with it all ; rathor than compromise my character, sho bore tho weight of overy accusation. So much for woman's love, brothor !' « A- ?* * At a small town in tho south of France settled two Englishmen and a lady, who, by their kindnoss and pleasing man ners, soon ingratiatod with tho inhabi tants. The namo they wont by was Loblanc, but thero woro rumours that lottors had boon claimed by one dirocted to Oalob Diproso, Esq. 