€cltofs attb |k-€c!taes. ^ REVERBt RATIONS. (By HUGH KALYITL-S.) *' A writer in a Parisineiliral journal a*R»rt« that todentnry oc^upi-tioiis preJispose to tuberculosis Inore than auv others. Auionc English and Italian n.idenu he asserts ihat I'SJ deaths out of J,COO are dee to this cause."' That is an alarminp piece of news, and may alarm a very large section of the community, forjust think how many people there era now just before the opening of Parliament, "sitting oh a rail"—one of the most sedentary of occupations. I know that there are numbers of Uicawbers waiting without uy exertion for something to turn up. If they contract tuberculosis it will be a terrible thing—it may oompel them to take exercise. I cannot say that I know what tuberculosis is. A Frees friend of mine says that sometimes he has felt " a sort of a staking" when the Judges have sat ever the luncheon hoar, and now he tansies that it muej be premonitory symptoms of " luuaheonitus," which might develop into tho other. Judge Buudsy evidently sees it that way, as be hae announced his intention not to ran the risk. 'Tis said that the Germans passed a law thirty years ago prohibiting a mother or a nuree sleeping with a child nnder two years of age on pain of imprisonment. In consequence of this there are more Deutachere in the world than there would otherwise have been. We have no law to that purpose hers in South Australia, but we do not require it if the statements of some of my married male friends are oorreot. They say tn<it their experience as fathers is that the "confounded child"—confounded was the word—the confounded child never seemed to be in the bed or ihe oot •ither at night, but tint they—the fathersbad to perform a sort of cooturnal polkamazurfca in the soantiest of garments daring the weary watches of the night with the equawkicst—squawking was also the term— in their arms. Their evidenoe, which I have no reason to doubt, having "been there" myself, the average infant under two squalls all night and sleeps all day. Mrs. Hugh Kalyptus, who indignantly denies this, says it's the men's own fault. " You men," she says, " come home from your offices of an evening, and after dinner sit by the fire and play -with the baby when it ought to be in bed, and excite it so that it will not Bleep for hours, and while yon arejnoriDg we wives have the bother of hushing and soothing it." I say nothing to this, for he who argueth with a woman what's got a vote, maketh matters uncomfortable for naught. " Babbits have white tails so that their young may distinguish their mother when she is leading them to the warren in case of pursuit," saith the naturalist. She doth a tail unfold, eo to speak. Now I wonder whether that is also the reason that mammas when they are " bringing out" their marriageable daughters wear long trains. Are theae trains for the purpose of letting the daughter distinguish her mamma when she is haughtily moving aorots the room to draw her dear girl away from the ineligible impecunious young man who is in pursuit of a' wife with a dowry ? When I was a youngster I used to hear of the past pioneering performances of that fine old settler, the late Hon. G. C. Hawker, his travels in the interior with cattle, his association with that other excellent type of the indomitable, courageous colonist, Tolmer, and his worth generally. Then he beoame known to my maturec intelligence as a politician, and many a time have I listened to his oalm. Statesmanlike speeches in Parliament, and admired the natural dignity of his manner. Afterwards it was my privilege to know him, and find that he was as courteous ae t)e was commanding, a thorough type of the best class of old English gentleman. When he was in the Ministry it was a treat to see him receive » deputation—his £rm but completely courteous manner resembled that of Sir George Grey when he was over here a few yean ago. There was a touch of oldfashioned oeremoniousness about bis reception. I remember going over to see Mr. Hawker the morning after a burglar broke into his house at " The Briars." The fine grey-headed stately old gentleman showed newer the house, and where the thief made his entrance and. his exit, and remarked; with -a sort of 'grim humour. — " The man must have made a leisurely inspection of- the rooms, and I wish he had wakened me up. I would have impressed his memory of the visit with this," •bowing me a stout stick. "I do not believe in firearms as a protection; one is apt to injure' friends as well as foes. - Give me a stout stick, I know how to use it. If yen have a pistol by your bedside it is quite likely that in the agitation of the moment when disturbed by anyone moving about the bouse, you might shoot one of your own household in mistake for a robber." It was rather amusing that at the trial of the burglar at the Criminal Sittings it was given in evidence that he said he " would have got a good deal more only he heard the old gentlctaan moving." Mr. Hawker, who -was in the Court, gave a quiet smile, and significantly tightened his hold on his walking-stick. I.do not fancy the burglar would have , got away with the goods and a whole skin if he had aroused 1 ' the old gentleman." Mr. Hawker ..told me bnoe that he always looked back upon the early pioneering days in the oolany with feelings of pleasure, because in spite of the hardships, and anxieties it was a healthy, exciting existence, and he always loved a life in the open air. In the time of Edward the Sixth the sparrow was a vsry common pet amongst the nobility. Here, in this nineteenth century, in the reign of Her -Gracious Majesty Queen Viotoria, the sparrow is Tory common, but faim'tajxt/ "The Organ Grinder," according to Mr. Haweis is "a great fact. 11 Alas, we know it * we have him in Adelaide. Opposite the Supreme Court, when a particularly dreary law case, full of what one of the Jurymen called " legal etioknikalities" was being argued aS nauteum, an organ-grinder, with unconscious humour, jgroundout'' Molly Riley," and a wan smile rippled over the faces of the wearied watchers in Court, beginning with the half-sleeping policeman at the door, and just meandering along" the Bar and Jury till it caught on to the row of witnesses, past -whom it gently glode like a wavelet along the shore edge till it broke and scattered and subsided amongst the loungers. When the Judge ordered the constable to. go put and send that man away a great feeling of in juetioe welled up in the hearts of all present, they were becoming interested in "Molly Riley, Oh!" and were hoping for "The Alabama Coon" to oome on. Haweis ought to have been there—he likes the organ man, and oalls him " A very Orpheus in halL" He gushes over him thus — "I bless his music." (I'm blest if I do.) "I stand in the foul street where the- blessed sun shines, and where the musio is playing ; I give the men a penny to prolong the happiness of those poor people, of those hungry, pale, and ragged children, and, as I retire, I ampaluted as a public benbfaotor; and was ever pleasure bought so cheap and eo pure?" Great Tomcat's ghost 1 did ye'ever hear the like, and yet Haweis is right, sentimentally. 