fNOW JFIKST PL'ni.ISIIliU.] THE ULTIMATUM OF CAPTAIN FARUS. BY ERNEST GLAKWLLE. Atittw of " The Loftt Heiress," " The V«lA)ckers," kc,% be. ibpirt'tjhC. Durb^v F«l K*U1, in 1B79 «u a gay end festive tA*u». The boMs were crammed with warriors, the lodguig-Uoubes were stuffed with beds altnoet to hurritiug* and the very gaol was cleaned out by tbe white-coated Zulu police forthe accommoda ijun of timid strangers. If report is to be credited, a very high official indeed took up his feather bed, in that time of scares, and sought safety every uigbt witbin the thick walls of the prison. Young officers, camped oat on the lawn of the Royal Hotel. All day long there was the click of ivory balls, the genial popping of cham p&gue; cork*, the clank of 6abres and the jingle of hpurs. Through the drowsy Afternoons smart traps rolled out from the yard and went spinning through the leafy roads of the Berea, driven by military nondescripts, with high collars and waxuri moustaches. Ladies with sparkling eyes and hair of a pale yellow held court, and always hud at beck and call a string of gay cavaliers. (Some three weeks after Ulundi I sat on a verandah overlooking a wide court, wherein a horse dealer from Buenos Ayres was entertain ing a crowd of idlers. lie bad a bigk-sbuuldercd mustang, which he had brought over as a speciuicn of the troopers he could supply, &ud; was showing the various iikcs to which his wouderful saddle could be put. Suspended from either end by a lariat, ft made a serviceable hammock ; spread out it served as a blanket or a fcabJe-cJolh ; throws *>vtr the shoulder it became a cloak ; folded up it was again a saddle. Then he made a cast with his lasso,and swung the bolus, a feat which one of the spectators, attempted with signal disaster to his own limbs. " Divil take the thing/' he exclaimed as be endeavoured tountiehimself. "Won'tsomeone loose me P" Nobody did, all being too tired from laughter to help; so he spun himself round, and the bolus, unwinding, dealt out bard knocks to the helpless crowd. "It's as I towld you," be said, 'Tin good at this, and what a lovely weapon t'would prove inafoight." Skipping away from the crowd be dropped into a cane chair beside me and offered me a cigar, as though he had known me all his life* " The laey beggars," he Raid, " they wanted starring up, and I did it for thorn illigantly. I'm Captain Farus of the " Oirish Blower," and am delighted to make the acquaintance of a fellow correspondent. Yon needn't intbroduoe your self. I know who you are. I just inquired of the barman, and by the same token I'm dhry." Be whistled to a waiter and called for two *rhi«k«y squashes. Captain Hague wasagood-lookiag fellow, with a smooth face, flexible mouth, and a pair of bright, merry, roving black eyes. I felt at home with him at once. " I heard ye were here mooning away like a sick dog-excuse the simile-and I straightway came along,for companionship's a moigbty foine pick-me-up. Heigho 1 Ifs meself that's in need of brightening." He did not look it. In fact be winked at a pretty cootie girl who went by with a dish of pine-apple*. I remarked that be seemed cheerful enough. " Appearances are deceptive. What ad ye think if I towld yea I was in love P" He looked at me seriously. " Ay, that's the troth, tfa love that's killing me, with all it's distressful circumstances. But bow was it with you in the warP Butipess first an'pleasure after." We fell into a talk about the advance of Uluudi, and be let me into some secrets of the making of reputations. "I was with the crawling column on the coast, but, had luck to it, the divil a chance had I to distinguish myself; but I tell you I made the best of my opportunities." . " How was that P" " D'ye aee, it was this way. I wrote scrappy paragraph* for the Servioe papers, and always bound the editor in return to ssy something civil about myself. Something like this: * We are glad to hear from Captain Fagus, that smart correspondent, that the men in Zululiuid are in good health and spirits.' Or this : * We hear from Captain Fa^us. that exoellent war corres pondent, etc.' r would also write Letters to the . Times/ with fcpy full signature and descrip tion/' " And how did that help P" " How, indeed f Excuse me, but yon are young? Why, people would say : * Who, in thunder, is Captain Fagus P' and, maybe, some clever knowall would reply: *Oh! dontchentnow he's the famous correspondent for the * Oirish felower.'' Get youAelf talked about, me bhojjr, and your fame is made, and if no one else will do that net-vice for you, do it yourself-often." " That's simple, isn't it P" "Maybe. But it requires judgment, tect, and the help ov an incident now ana again. There m? luo* deserted me. What I wanted was an opiwrtiinity to win the V.C.; just one-and believe me, no one gave me the ghost of a cbgioe. At .Of uginhlove I was burning to make a bould sortie from the laager and rescue some wounded Holdiers, but hang me for a Faynian if one ud expose himself. No, sir- and that's the truth." So be rattled on until he exhausted the war aud got down to the record of town life, when he returned to his love afialr. " I'm in love ; and it's deuced awkward that the comprint should oome on me when I'm abont leaving for the ould counthry. Tin just bursting fo confide in some one. I'll tell you all-I will so. I met her at the table d'hote at the inn down the street. Dark eyes,black hair, and ruby lips-the sweetest girl on earth. I surrendered ait discretions-horse, foot, and artillery 1" " But she does not reciprocate P* " Think she does." *' Then why these tears." "I'll tell yn, if ye'll give me a chanoe to get a word in. Ye see-though I say It meself-me family in Oireland is the first in the Und, with more pride than acres. The question is,' Can 1 take ber to my ancestral home P* Tell me that now." "I'm not competent to judge, not having seen the lady and your ancestral home." '* True for you ; but that's easy remedied. Vou know me, I represent me family. Come and diue with me and youll know her." I went off readily,heartily enjoying the situs* tion, and he, delighted to find a listener, fairly bubbled over with jovial oonfidenoes. The long table in the comfortable inn was crowded with a miscellaneous company-stolid Dutch farmers, cute speculators, army contrac tors, and two ladies. The Captain sat opposite the latter, and kept op a ruuuing fire of florid compliments, directed at the younger lady, who had a oertain bold beauty. After dinner we smoked at our ease under a trailing vine. "Now, you cowld-blooded Saxon, say quickly what you think of her or III strangle you." "She is a very charming girl, if I may say so." .. Thanks. I knew you'd agree with me. But aay now, didn't you remark she was a thrifle weak in her grammar ? Clips her g*s, you understand, and doesn't do her duty by the aspirates." " Those are trifling blemishes from a pretty mouth." " They would never be overlooked at my an cestral home," he replied gloomily. " Now til tell you my plan. I've drawn upanultimatum." "A what F» " An nltimatum." He drew a sheet of foolscap from an offieial envelope with a most serious air. "Now you listen to this. I flatter myself ifs neat .' Dear Sir-(that's her father)-Dear Bir s As you are doubtless aware, I am ardently in love with your charming daughter, aud ft is the with of my heart thatshe should become my wife. My family is the oldest and the proudest in Irelaitdt and my wife mnstbaveno defects. My Icwe for your dangbter does not blind me to the I fscjbthal her education has not been witfeont Its \ defects- defect* whioh are intmuride in (his mn'i'- ml in i" * tf i My family rouM fon;iv« nnytliintr ' itL .Ntm', hj.v »r ;or, I wuiiM n sjn-rtli 'lv liut uipt'tHly propose that ymir iltiugMi-r hiiuuM l>e p];i<v-4 at onr.ii in nn ...-.-jhliKhim nt for yumij,' luiiics, uiuTf! Kin- wouM bh porlVcU-.l in Lin; tine of her inolhcr lun;;ut'. :i»«l fi'ttil lor the high huiiuur of a union with my iuuiily. -Believe nm to be, Lc., See." "You surely Ho not iulcmi to *cud that extra* ordinary document to her father " That's my intention. It's only due to me family." " Welti then, send it in, and prepare to leave the couutry in a hurry." "D'ye think he'll take offence P But think of the honour of an alliance with the ouidrst family in Oireland. I'll chance it, anyhow." I left soon after for Maritzburg, and returning at the end of a week, 1 foun«l the i-aJlant Captain seated on a log, the interested apnetntor of a duel between Indian gamecocks, both armed with murderous blades. Their shackles stood out like enormous ruffles, the long tail feathers drooped, and the gleaming eye* flashed like fire under the fierce excitement of the battle. They met together in mid-air, there was a scatternig of feathers, a fierce thrust home, and one of the gallant little birds was stretched out oo hie back. His owner, an excited coolie, picked him up, thrust a finger into the gaping wound, stitched the ends together, and placed the bird aside, where it staggered to its feet, weak but valiant. "Here ye see the epitome of war,"6aid Fogus. 41 These birds have no real cause for enmity, they have oo feathered harems to defend, or stores of golden grain, yet at command they rush to battle. Upon me word when ye see the tragedy of-glorious war played out iu a cockpit it makes you weep." His merriment of a few days back had given way to a fit of moralising, " How was it with the ultimatum P" I asked " Och, bad luck to it!" *. It did sot answer, then P" "It did not. The other contracting Power did not receive it in a proper spirit." " The father declared war ? I told you so." " Oid you, then ? 1 would not hove credited you with so much sense. He declared war to tbe knife. Turned out his light cavalry from tbe kennels, called out bis infantry in the person of a ferocious Zulu stable-boy, and came out him self with a fearful implement-they call it a sjambok. I executed]* masterly retreat, leaving a portion of my rearguard in the mouth of the cavalry." "I can't say I'm torn for yon. Young ladies are not to he won by ultimatums/' " And me a member of one of theouldest families in Oireland," he exclaimed tragically. " Oh, now, that father was unreasonable. He said he wanted no one to offer him impertinent advice about his daughter's education, and be had tbe blessed impudence to curse me and my anoestral home. "fwas then tbe war broke out, and my partiality for bananas and ripe lips received a cruel blow. Bee that pool of foal water on tbe flat P Well, X west straight off there to drown meself and me Borrows; but there was a prior claimant in the 6bape of a poor divil of a bloated dog, and so I thought better of itanddrowned thealtimatunfiostead." [TBE END.] 