FIOTION. ROMANCE Of THREE LIVES, i[BIr GERTITUDE WARDEN.1 OCHAPTER XXVII.-TRuTII AT :LAsT.-Continuen. Felice's heart was full of 'pity for her:; but the young are necessarily a little selfish, and long before her mother-in- law had finished speaking Felicd's thoughts were far away in a little shabby parlour in the north of London. ' I~may tell Maurice, may I not ?' she said, at last, softly, while she pressed one of Lady Fenton's hands sympathetically between her own. Ladv Fenton started from a reverie into which she had fallen. ' Maurice ? Yes, yes, child ; tell him. He is agoodlad, and he and you together almost make Stoneroyd happy and like other houses. I know Maurice well. He is as tender and 15iti'ulas he is strong and manly. He will never betray our miserable secret. He alone of all of them has never given me a moment's uneasiness. You do well to love him, and you will be happy with him some day as you de: serve to be. Why,should the haunting shadows of this house fall upon him or upon you? You are both of you made to live in the sunlight. Enjoy it together while you can.' ' And you ?' ' I-ob, I am a. shadow living among shadows-a ghost of something that was once beautiful, and brilliant, and beloved. The sunlight would shine through me-I must live in the shade. Felice's .tears fell fast on Lady Fenton's hand as she pressed against her cheek. ' And-he ?' She asked it almost in a whisper, in clining her head in the direction of Marcus's study. 'Oh, he will be safe with me, I think. Now tl-at Grierly threatens, it may perhaps be safer to stay here. Or else we must pay him a sum of money down. I must consult Marcus, Lady Fenton said with a weary sigh as she crossed the room towards the door. Felice did not attempt to follow her. Her horror of Marcus was at that moment so intense that she dared not trust herself in his presence. For his mother's sake he was bound to control her feelings, and she could only do this by avoiding him, From the drawing-room she heard Lady Fenton's taps against the study door, and her voice calling to her son, and entreating him to open it. Then a pause came. Lady Fenton must be listening with her ear close to the door, Felice guessed. A moment later old Grierly was hastily summoned from the kitchen, from whence Louisa and Margaret came hurrying, oo, alarmed by some thing in their mistress's tones. Felice heard the strokes of a ham mer-thud-thud-as it fell upon the woodwork. Trembling she advanced to the drawing-room doorway, and saw the frightened women grouped together, as Grierly's blows re sounded upon the panels of the study door, which was securely locked on the inside. It cracked, shivered, and gave way at last. Through the aperture, all who looked could see Marcus seated in his arm-chair at, his desk, with his head bent forward, and his back to the door. Heseemed asleep, but, Felice knew that the end had come even before Lady Fenton stepped into the room, and laid herhaad over his mjtionless heart. ' Poor boy ! My poor boy !' And, as if he had been a child again she drew her dead son's head against her shoulder, rocking him to and fro, while she tenderly smoothed his hair with her fingers. 'Look' Felice, and all of you. He will give no more trouble now. My oy is dead.' But little more scandal concerning Stoneroyd and its inmates reached the ears of the dwellers in Clofield. The news that Mr Marcus Gilmore, the gentle-mannered and poetical little gentleman of well known literary taste and reputed genius, son to Lady Fenton, of Stoneroy, had been discovered dead at his study-table from an acccidentalat over dose of chloral, which he had been in the habit of taking for sleeplessness, did not leak out for some days, and when heard was quite devoid of startling details. All that night Lady Fenton sat up with her dead son's diary, portions of which, confirmatory in every detail of Grierly's evidence, she laid in Felice's hands the next morning. 'Show them to Maurice,' she said, Sand then destroy them.' Already, as early as theoffice opened, a telegraphic message had been des patched by Lady Fenton to her nephew Maurice, at his address in St. Mary's Grove. The telegram was worded 'C]o Mrs Whately,' and soon after ten that same .morning an answer came. Mrs Whateley had opened the des patch in her lodger's absence, and wired as follows : ' Mr Maurice left for Liverpool yes terday. He sails to America on board the Gallia this afternoon.' Within a quarter of an hour of receiving this message, Felice was out of the house and on her way to the station. Mrs Whately had said ' this after noon," but had not specified the time of the ship's sailing, and Felice spent the journey in an agony of nervous upprehension. If she should. be too late; and if Maurice, failing to let his friends know his address, should wear out more years in miserable remorse for a crime which he had never com mitted ! At every station Felice compared her watch with the clocks, and teazed thefguard with repeated enquiries as to the time when the train was due at Liverpool. Fate seemed against her. The train was late, and once arrived at its destination no one seemed to know whether or not the Gallia had already sailed. After a journey to the docks behind surely the slowest cab-horse in the county, Felice, hurrying to an official, heard the fatal tidings that the Gallia had already put off only a few minutes before her arrival. She could see with her own eyes the great ship standing a little way out upon the water. 'I have friends on board I must see ! It's a matter of life and death !' The harrowing anxiety on her beautiful white face confirmed her words, and the official heart was touched. A tender was just pntting oft. and it waited for her. The joyful reaction in Felice's mind as she felt the planks of the gangway beneath her feet almost deprived her of the power of speech. Hurrying to the ship's side she clung to the rail, and scanned with straining eyes the faces upon the deck of the Gallia. Thank God ! Maurice was therL-not the bearded, unkempt Maurice she had last seen, but the clean-shaved Maurice she had always known, only looking many, many years older, and far more sad, and thin, and pale. But his trials were nearly over now, as she realised, with a throb of joy ; and she had come to him as a belated messenger of good tidings. Seeing her face where he had in no way expected it, Maurice did not seem at first to recognise, and it was only when she had hastened on board the ship and stood by his side that he uttered her name. 'Felice! Is it possible ?' She held out her hands, and he seized them both in his. She drew him a little away from the crowd of parting friends. 'It has all come right !' she panted out. ' You are innocent-innocent. D)o you hear ? Don't shake your head! Marcus has confessed! I have his confession with me, torn from his diary, and sent by Lady Fenton to you, to read on your journey. Then you must come back. Don't look so dazed, and don't turn away in that hopeless fashion. Maurice, you might have known that that touch of yours could not have hurled a living man into the water. Robert had been dead for some time when you walked into the trap laid for you by Marcus, and found him. Grierly was in the Arches all the time, and saw everything. On my honour, I swear I am telling you the truth-the truth at last ! ' Maurice had staggered back, and was leaning against the ship's side, passing his hand in a bewildered fashion over his brow. 'It can't be true!' he muttered, half to himself. 'It's like a dreal of Heaven! Instead of a black future, to have you here, holding my hand, and telling me these things !' ' More than that,' she said, through her fast-falling tears-' more than that I can till you! That I shall think of you every hour of the day until you come back. There is much more to say-to explain; but you must write from Queenstown to say where you are going, and I will tell you everything in a letter. I am going away to Dublin with Lady Fenton and Louisa-Margaret and old Grierly are to be pensioned off-but I shall stay with your aunt. ' Until I claim you for my wife! Say it, Felice. Great Heavens, it's worth ten years of a man's life only to hear it said !' 'I will stay in Dublin until you want me-' 'Until I want you? I always wanted vyou! Until I come back to marry you, Felice-in a few months' time.' 'In a year.' 'A year! a lifetime I ou shall have your way. But I may see you before then ?' 'Yes. The people are leaving. We must say good- by.' 'Good-by, my darling !' He folded herunresistingly, in his arms and kissed her lips. The tender moved away, and through a mistof tears, half- regretful, she watched his tall figure leaning over the ship's side. A time of happiness so complete, so satisfying and restful, as to-be but little known,in this striving world, lay before them both ; and if the old legend of the twin souls be tree Felice has realised its sweetness in her second nuptials. Against the blackest suspicions, through the bitterest trials, in the face of proof itse:f, she had persisted in believing in him. He has justified her belief, and worships her for it. 'And so, grown perfect, they shall pass their lives' remainder !' [THE END. 