LITEEATUBE. BOOKS UP TO DATE. Thero Is no falling off In the excellent quality, of literary matter presented to the public in "Chapman's Magazine." edited by Oswald Crawfurd, and published by Chapman and Hall. The Juno number contains, besides the serials of Bret Harte and Violet Hunt, and the second half of George Ira Brett's detective story, "Ex periences of Inspector Battle: The Murder at Jex Farm," the first Instalment of a 17th century study, "Under Cloud of Night," by S. R. Crocltett; "His Brother's Keeper," by George Glsslng; "The Bishop's Ghost and the Printer's Baby," by Frank R. Stockton; "Young Lochlnvar," by Flora A. Steele; "The Rousing of Eve Garland," by Richard Pryce, whose powerful novel, "The Burden of a Woman," has ensured him a prominent place among writers of Action; and "The Microbe of Pessimism," an Ingenious and clever sketch of the mo dern psycho-problematic order, by an un known author. Another new magazine, of which the two first numbers aro forwarded by the pub lishers, Remington and Co., Is "The Twentieth Century," a half-crown monthly review edited by William Graham. Both Issues reach a high standard of literary merit, and cover a wide range of subjects. They justify unquestionably, at their pre sent level, a faith In the opening editorial promise, that "The Twentieth Century" will, as its name Implies, keep in full touch not merely with the movements and thought of the day, but also will endeavor to express the impulse of 1 that more ad vanced tone of thought and feeling be longing to the next century, but of w1 'ch we already feel the breath. The fear, hnr- ever, of any expressed antagonism to law and or der In Its best an'd highest sense may bo promptly dispelled, when such names as Sir Edwin Arnold, Esme Stuart, H. D. Traill, J. F. Nisbet George Morlev, L. S. Forbes-Winslow, Karl Blind, Lady Violet Grevlile, Lord Byron, and Sir John Hankln appear upon the title page. Each number is to contain full reviews of the literature and theatrical event3 of the month by distinguished writers, besides a short story, a poem or two, and articles on miscellaneous subjects. Sir John Hankin's paper, "The Litera ture of the Twentieth Century: A Fore cast," which appears in the June number of the journal In question, Is worth pausing over a moment, bearing, as It does, upon letters in general. Sir John predicts— and his prophecy, it must be confessed, is not of such a premature or startling nature as to suggest supernatural origin — that the twentieth century will be ushered in by a period of extreme literary dreariness and respectability; the beginning, of course, of some' sort of reaction, and a new cycle of development. Awaiting that cycle, our litera- tHre will be heavy and ponderous, and its lightest moments will recall nothing more frivolous than the most sombre articles in the "Spectator" or the "Guardian," "To us," continues Sir John, "who have witnessed the triumphant career of the Yellow Book, these will seem ponderous, perhaps, but refreshingly sane. Their il lustrations, it is true, will recall Gustavo Bore more than Mr. Aubrey Beardsley, hut Morals will gain though Art lose, and In the new age Morals will be very much more important than Art. The verse of Mr. Arthur Symons and Mr. John Gray will be immediately banished to the top most shelves of our libraries to make room for a new Boot Close, or another Jean Ingelow. The very newspnpers will have entirely changed their tone. In place of the all- pervading ilippancy, the cheap cynicism, the easy contempt of every thing that is old and tried, we shall have a wholesome, stuffy, stolid press, full of copy-book headings, and exalted senti ments. "The Daily Telegraph" will have a larger circulation than ever, while tho wicked, cynical "Pall Mall" will simply cease to exist. The novels of Mrs. Sarah Grand and of "George Egerton" will give place to something more In the style of "The Fatrchild Family." Even our music will desert the sensuous splendors of Wag ner for the drawing-room ballad of 40 years ago. The nude will disappear from paint ing as completely as the neurotic from literature, and Glasgow will give the tone to the Champ de Mars. The Low Church party will pluck up heart, and sermons lengthen proportionately. It will all be in finitely wholesome, and morally quite above reproach ; but I am not sure that some of us will not cast longing eyes back wards to the " fair wickedness of old." "An Imaginative Man," by R. S. Kit chens, author of "The Green Carnation" (Heinemann), is a remarkable book, which will fully sustain the writer's reputation, though it is in a totally different vein from the work which first brought him celebrity. Equally up to date, it Is moro weird and introspective, moro serious In tone, less sarcastic in seeming If not al together so in spirit, but clever and ori ginal to a high degree. There is little plot, and there are only four characters of any importance, but these are so admi rably drawn as to satisfy all dramatic and literary requirements. Tho "imagina tive man," Henry Denlson, travelling in the Ea3t with his young wife, who is too transparently commonplace to have any continuous charm for his restless and analytic mind, Is suddenly and curiously fascinated by the silent majesty of the Great Sphinx, and haunts its desert throne by day and night. On his human side, he finds himself strongly drawn to a mot her and young son who are staying at the same hotel near the Pyramids. Tho son has developed consumption, and with It a morbid and fierce determination to "see life" in the short time remaining to him. The mother Is, perhaps, one of the finest characters in modern fiction, pos sessing that rare gift of perfect self-con trol in. tho management of restive male youth, which springs from loving sym pathy and a clear comprehension of its meeds, temptations, and longings. "Before .dinner was over, Denison knew that the boy seldom practised tho art of concealment Mpon her. . . . Mrs. Alntree had never jearnt the fatal lesson that weights down so much virtue with chains, and renders so much goodness wholly Inoperative. She had never learned how to he shocked." "Some of the people here pity me," she said, and there were tears in her eyes, ' "'and some condemn me. . . . I cannot see things as they . do. I only know that any dying boy suddenly feels an awful lone liness of soul, an awful sense of being dragged away from all. people and things. And my motherhood makes mo determined to be eloso to him at any cost. If he will sin, I tell you I vohld rather sin with him than allow him to feel that — that I was like so many mothers, a saint standing jar away on the steps of an altar, praying lor bim perhaps, loving him and pitying him, but not with him. If we cannot die With those we love, we can go with them fight up to death. My boy shall not be lonely." The ending of the book is sad, (vague, even terrible. But of its power and fascination there can be but one opinion, its psychologic problems, even, are of a dis tinct and novel order. It is well that neither George Robertson and Co. nor Messrs. Angus and Robertson seem to have suffered loss by the fire on tho Orient. The new books forwarded to us are in perfect condition, and are of moro ithan usual Interest. But owing to their unfortunate delay in Melbourne, wo re- celvo tbem too late to give mare than a cursory notice of tho principal ones, though (the author's names, in most cases, will be sufficient guarantee of an eager reception. Mrs. Humphrey Ward's new book, "The Story of Bessie Co3treli" (Smith, Elder, aud Co.), is short, unusually so for an authoress jvho mostly, runs to four or five hundred pages. Like Mr. Hltehen's fine work, Its dominant note is a sad one; but there is nothing of complexity about it. It Is a simple study of humble, English country life, with Besslo Costrell, the wife of a laboring man and the mother of two or' three children, as the central figure. Na turally weal: and extravagant, though with many good polnt3, a small legacy,, and the cave of a relative's money, some of which, later on in her downward' course, she ap propriates, are factors in helping her to drink and other evil ways, and she ends by committing suicide. It is a simple, tragic little story, simply told, in manner remind ing one very little of the writer of "Robert Elsmere" or "Marcella." A booklet by tho, same author, called "Unitarians and the Future" (Philip Green), being a reprint of a former lecture of hers comes also from Messrs. Angus and Robertson. George Robertson and Co. send, among much Interesting matter, two handsome volumes called "William the Silent, Prince of Orange; the Moderate Man of the Six teenth Century; the story of his life as told from his own letters, from those of his friend3 and enemies, and from official documents," by Ruth Putnam (G. P. Put nam's Sons); "An Australian In China," being the narrative of a quiet Journey across China to British Burmah, by Q. E. Morrison, M.B., C.M.. Edinburgh, F.R. G.S. (Horace Cox); and "A Gentleman Ad venturer," by John Blbundelie-Burton (Andrew Melrose), a well- Illustrated, plainly-bound volume, of excellent typo on toned paper, dealing with the scheme, which received tho Royal sanction and the Great Seal of 1695, for colonising the Isth mus of Darlen, one of the most unwhole some spots on our planet. . The scheme, of course, proved as impracticable as tbe attempt to construct the Panama Canal. "Othello's Occupation," by Mary Anderson, is a novel of stirring incident, of which the opening scenes are- laid In Morocco, and 13 published by Chatto and Wlndus, as is also Mrs. Hungerford's light and readable story, "The Three Graces." The "Judgment Books," by Mr. E. F. Benson, tho author of "Dodo" (which much- talked of novel, by the way, is now to he had In the cheap "Metliuen's Colonjal Lib rary" series), is a sort of Jekyll- and-Ilyde study of a young man whose baser nature and bad past pursue him remorselessly till bo is brought almost to the verge of mad ness. They have a terrible sort of fascina tion for him, too. He is a fino artist, and determines to paint himself, by aid of a looking-glass, first with the Jekyll, then the Hyde expression on his face. The "Hyde" picture i3 a fearful success, which pains and frightens his young wife beyond measure. How her love eventually saves him from himself the author must tell. Sufilcle it to say that they destroy the pic ture together, and the story ends happily. Tills brilliant little book Is published by Osgood M'llvaine, and forwarded by Messrs. Angus and Robertson. It is prettily hound, and printed on tho thick, rough-edged paper so much in vogue, with very wido page margins. The latest addition to Ward, Lock, and Bowden's Colonial Library series, with its attractive black lettering on plain, rougii cloth, i3 George Meredith's "The Tale of Chloe," the samo volume also containing "The House on the Beach" and "Tho Case of General Ople and Lady Camper," per haps the brightest and most charming story of the three, in a trinity net ona of which even antl- Meredithians — and they are many —can call "dull." General Ople is a re tired officer, fond of gardening, and of a certain sprightly widow, to wit, Lady Camper, who plays with, and bamboozles him, as another widow played with Sterne's Uncle Toby, of whom, indeed, the General reminds us. He is a dear, simple-hearted fellow, and the author has drawn him with a loving hand. For a short passage, for in stance, giving Mcpodlth at his simple, witty, unaffeoted best, 'what can bo better than the picture of the General, surprised in l)i3 garden by the fair widow. "Of necessity, his coat was off, and he was hot, dusty, unpresentable. From adoring earth as the mother of roses, you may pass into a lady's presence without purification; you cannot (or so the General thought), when you are caught in the act of adoring the mother of cabbages. And though he himself loved the cabbage equallyWltli the rose, in his heart respected tho vegetable much more than lie did tho flower— for he gloried in his garden— tills was not a secret for the world to know." Mrs. Crlckleden, of the second story, "Tho House on the Beach," Is sometimes Poyserosquo in her utterances; as when she says, speaking of women: "What with our clothes and our cowardice, it do seem wo're not the equals of the men when winds is high." Altogether, though "Tho Tale of Cbloe," etc., is not en tirely free from Morodithian hlzarrerie, It has true patho3, true comedy, true wit. Poetry this week is represented by four small but choice volumes. "The Goldun Book of Coleridge," newly edited by Stop- ford Brooke, who adds an introduction (J. M. Dant and Co.); "In the Nama of tho K'ng," and "Make Thy Way Mine," by Georgo kllnglo (Frederick Stokes, Now York); and "Tho Lyrical Poems of Percy Byssho Shelley," of the "Lyric Poets" series, edited by Ernest Rhys, and publish ed by J. M. Dent and Co. "Thoughts from the Writings of Richard Jofferlcs" Is a collection of prose passages of great poetic beauty chosen from JefTeries's Essays, which ap peared in many London magazines, and were warmly appreciated. The editor, Mr. II. S. Waylen, says that he found most difficulty in making extracts from "Tho Story of My Heart," which he considers Jofferles's masterpiece, for so much depth and literary grace should be taken as a whole. That he does not overrate the man he admires, the extracts ho has man aged to make show. They combine tho delicate grace of Tboreau, and the vigor of Walt Whitman. We must be content with simply nam ing tho new works and new editions re maining upon our unusually excellent weekly list. Many of these aro of tbe highest order of merit; and it may be safely said of tho rest that there is not a crude or amateurish production ameng them. The new cheap edition of Mrs. M'Clean's delightful novel, "Cape Cod Folks," belongs to the "Green Paper Se ries" (De Wolfe, Fislte, and Co., Now York), while in Bell's Indian and Colonial Library, we notice "Told by the Colonel," and other stories, by W. L. Alden, Illus trated by Richard Jack and Hal Hurst; and "The Sin of Joost Avellngh," one of Maarten Maarten's earlier stories, which he lias never surpassed. "The Awaken ing of . Mary Fenwlek," by Beatrice Whit by (Hurst and Blackett), is still In great request, and, though bright and readable as it is, one would not use superlatives con cerning Its literary quality. "To Hi3 Own Master," is Alan St. Aubyn's latest novel, published by Chatto and Wlndus; and Richard Harding Davis, in ills brilliant short Sketch, "Tho Princess Aline," ha3 the advantage of C. D. Gibson's artistic illustrations. Longman's Colonial Library has added to its list "Matthew Furth," by Ida Lemon; and -Metlinew's Colonial Lib rary "The Despotic Lady," by W. E. Nor- rls, besides Mr. Benson's "Dodo." In the most recent French literature, we acknowledge two good novels, "Les Londermalns," by Mme. Care (Calmaun, Levy), "Flavle," by Andre Theurict (Char- pentler et Fasquclle), and a collection of clever short sketches, "Histolres Teadres," by Richard O'Monroy, also of Calmanu, Levy's publishing. Of the works belonging to heavier lite rature. the "Ecce Homo," of Sir J. R. Sceley, K.C.M.G.; Litt. D. belon.v, |o the Bversiey Series (Macmlllan); "PV/M an(. Holy Scripture," also published by ;-uc- mlllan. Is mostly composed of Greek quo tations in Greek character, from the Old Testament, compiled from Rhilo by Her bert Edward Kyle, D.D., of King's Col lege. Doctor James Martineau's "Study of Spinoza" (Macmlllan), and "The Speech of Cicero in Defence of Cluentius," trans lated by W. Peterson, M.A. (Macmlllan), are both works of deep interest, not only to Bnhnlara. hut to the reading nubile. 