Short Story the man who knew. There was one Suhjcct whioh Walter Fermnd was bettered to bare at lib finger tod-, and that was Wnmnn. Ha devoted ttuoh tinje and labour to the study of Women, and lie gave the remits of his ob ^ serrations to die world in a varies of little ? books, eooh of whioh oonfafned a careful / andyds of some type of feminine obaracter. rand's work. bat the masouline part bf the tending public admired it greatly, end was firmly oonriooed of the accuraoy of the author's observation* ; the more eo because he dealt liberally in the oynical epigrams, paradoxes, and generalisations whidn, when directed against the' opposite sex, ace eo dear to the heart of man. It was true that ono beardless youth had had the presumption to tell Ferrand that the women In bu books wmw jim ew many unea uutterates, witnpins steok through them, and all the bloom brushed off their wings. But then everybody knew that he was not an impartial critio, because ho was dreadfully in Iovo with a Very dolightfnl woman, only fifteen years oldfT than himvelf. Although Ferrand knew so mnch about womra, he was bnt little addicted tofwoinlne society. Humour said that he hind been un fortunate in his relations with tho fair sex, and it was certain that be never felt so com pletely nt his ewe or on. snob good terms with himself as when he sat by the /ire in the club smoking-room, and delivered himself of words of wisdom on the subjeotof Femininity, i's faults, failings, and general unsatis faoterineea, while the younger men bung upon his lip*, and told each other that the woman wasn't born who could take in old Ferrand. Meanwhile, his books prospered beyond their literary desserts. The heroines were all creatures of impulse, hysterically emotional, superficially sentimental, oon dateully inconsistent, and impossibly irra tional ; consequently, they were eulogised by the critics as exquisite and lifelike (todies of true womanhood. One summer Ferrad decided to spend a few weeks at Kaitanieabad, partly on aooount of his liver, partly because he thought that among the Heterogenous society then assembled he might pick op some useful material for his next book. The morning' after bis arrival, as he sat under the chestnut trees io the Casino gardens, listen ing to tbe band, he noticed a sudden oom motion among a group of students at a neighbouring table. ' Die rotbe Dame,' they were whispering eagerly. * Da geht die rotbe Dame.* Die rothe Dame ! Tbo Bed Lady 1 A good title for a book, thought Ferrand, to he glanced to the direction indicated by tbe students. For a moment his eyes were sltroat da//'ed by th''* glow of colour radiatod from a mil lady attired iu a scarlet gown, and wearing a tajae composed of a single huge 1'MV.T up°u her head. It was an andsciod* outturn*, l)te more so because the wearer had red- gold hair of a tint so bril liant that it threw even her poppy head 'gear -*.t» *1. .1,^ Vk.nM.t the first glanoe whether the lady was beauti ful or only startling, -for her eye«brows were golden, her eyes bluish-green, and her nose was not innooent of freckles. Bnt— she pos eened the compensating complexion that is sometimes the complement ol such hair and eyes ; indeed, as Ferrand gazed at her he in voluntarily recalled some of the foolish, tender rhapsodies of the old poets about the lilies and roses or oherriee and cream that were supposed to mingle in their ladies' cheeks. There could be no hyperbole in any pqoh comparison for the colouring of tbe ? rothe Dame,' sinoe she *gat oaf every M a ftue Rubens puts out the pictures that surround it, Ferrand decided that he must somehow contrive to make acquaintance with this new and brilliant ' epeatmen,' whioh, with the ardour of the true naturalist, he kinged to add to Lis collection of feminine types. Fortune seemed to favour his design, for the pame evening at dinner he found himself poated opp isito to the apparition of the morn fng. She wee looking radiant in a flame* coloured Filk blouse, and her hair glittered like spun gold in the gaslight. By her side eat an infirm- looking old lady, whom she addressed as Aunt Harriot and to whom ahe appeared to be a kind and attentive sieee. ' AH put on for effect,' thought Ferrand as ho noticed her pretty manner to the invalid, 'ftfaah attention toe poor old thing would get if they were dining alone.' The passing of a menu brought him a few words from the 'rothe Dams,* 'Had he just arrived P Was it his first visit to Kasta- nienbed P the naual prcUminariee of a table d'hote socjuslotanoe. 1 Tbe sa*ne old common plaoea,' he reflected, forgettinir that his own replies had not been particular]? new or striking. ' The distin guishing characteristic o* the feminine mind & look of originality/ In the course of the evening he engaged the head welter In conversation, and after inquiring about several of the more un attractive of his fellow-guest*, finally asked the namo ol * the lady in red.' August instantly waxed eloquent. She was a Hiss Torrerfl, end tho lady with her was her aunt, lira. MaHland. They were both llebena wurdige Damen, never gave unueccswry trouble, nor grumbled about their Mils. The Franlein was very beautiful, didn't the Herr ^hink eoP it was always a good thing for fin hotel when there was a beautiful young Jady Among the guests, beoanse gentlemen ! visitors stayed longer, and some came to | dinner from the fcoFP * An hotel flirt,' sneered Forrand to him self. 'Just what I should haye ima next morning he rose early, and after having dutifully swallowed his two glasses .of water at the Quelle, went for a long walk | Among the chestnut woods that surround the town. On his way back be passed through a tiny village, In the middle of whioh there was ft gruqy open spaoe and a picturesque old fountain round whose steps the children ware at pity, ,Whfle he was still at some distanoe his eye was caoght by a gleam of soadet whioh looked doubly vivia against the grey stone. tA the fountain and the deep green of the trees. As he . drew' nearer, he . pendved that the Bed jtsdy was seated is the midst of * little group of children, to whoa ahe earned to be relating a story \ She was speaking slowly and emphatically is rather funny German, andosb? |wss«w- m I The Frofawfroatne itnto the garden one paorniog, and saw a -large' nettle 'snaking signs with her leaves tp a handsome red piuk, ffin said; 'Too aiii sn fasnfn iitfTin' that I raal^dtf 'f '*? sis* jta.' But tbci' eMIsefiis* IfflSK of snoh be* havtoor^ jio ibe tapped the.nwie an her leaves,;, ate hat . fbget% Bot h* only etunghlmseU nally, jand ginbe. then 1m has Bewmtn^^nooBfetu nettle.' to laagh, and ' Wb^4rt2f«^MtesQiei' aaid Fwrand to himseu, for he liad^ioAg sinoe forgotten ! pis . ha fended that the J story vw jm^Mlvntida bt Jfl^sTorremiV brain. BtBl, iwiu/walkeddowly homeward, & felt a littlepus^fnd j^oSrtain, fotli the Bed Lady the, jj^TOig. . ^rolous ^irt that )ie had Abfaay Iflheflcfr uf#yould Ae os^e to cmune JmoiV ^ea» {itdo peanaut children 7 His ftUhTln mm per^piouity .was arioted no later tban the s%m« evening, howererj for, happening to look iff at the Oosino for half . an hour; luMa rewarded bv tbe sight of one llsrbt |4ue oBiccr after another, liko^ liring 'dono- , fogflnmo _ . During the next few days. he was con etantly ^-miug aero« the BodWyiyet at the end of a week ie ooold sot fiitUer 'hlin-. adf tiiat lie had- ojadiouoh program in his «t»4r tit chv^or. . tfgmtti ia be*Silf-W JW*; In the mornings he usually saw her sitting in the hotel garden, reading Blair's Benneas to her aunt as demurely as though die had not been tearing through a ootiuon only a few hours before ; and on Sunday he oaught eight of her, dressed for onae is blaek, coming out of the little Boman OathoUo o^uroh. ' SupeBstiUous, of oo arse, like all women,' was hie inward oomment ; but the same even* lug he found a oopr of one of Herbert Spencer's works in the reading xocsn, with Hiss Torrens1 name Inside. ' So she wishes to pose as a blue-etooking now,' he remarked, as he turned over the leaves and read eome of the marginal anno tations, which by reason of their acumen, he oonoluded to he the contribution of a male relation. In the course of his next conver sation with Hiss Torrens, he turned the con versation up -n the toplo of Herbert Spencer and his works, in the hope of finding the yonng lady at a loss. But she proved to be quite annoyingly well up in the subjeot, and loft her inquisitor more mystified than be fore ; for it wa4 ono of the ohief articles of his creed that all olover womon were plain and badly dressed, and all pretty women fitly and frivolous. And what made matters ell tbo more confusing was that there were .times whon the Bed Lady was quite as frivolous as bis heart could desire. 8be wore the most astounding costumes, kept an ever longtboning string of adtnlrerB in tow, and was the life and soul of all the ffntertainaents that Eastanienbad could afford. ^ ' How you do cojov yourself f' he said one nighr, half reproacufnily, a*, flushed and panting after tne tnaddcflt of German galops, she dropped into a chair at his side. 'Why sotP* #be asked, a faint shadow oominjf over her radiant face. 1 Life is short -—and very prccariou^.' ' Is that any reason for frittering it away f he asked severely. 'What can a woman, do V she returned, with a touch of bitterness. 1 Do you think ahe onght to have a profession f* ' Heaven forbid I he replied devoutly. ' But ahe might make some good man happy.' ' But suppose she never met the good man, or met him and lost himf What choice has die then bnt to be oomddered foolishly frivolous or objectionably strong-minded P* * She might oocupy herself with household duties, ana visit the poor.' ' Yes, hinder the servants in their work, and increase the number of able-bodied paupers,' she laughed. ' No, give me a good floor and a Viennese oruheetra, or——' She did not finish her sentence, fur at that moment she was olaitned by a light-blue lieutenant for tha next dance. Day by day Ferrand grew more ptooed, interested, bewildered by the chameleon tike creature, who seemed to have aa many uhangee of character as of costume. He was I unable to keep his Ayes from her when she I was present, or his thoughts from her when she was absent, and yet he could sot a/xju m l her of having given him any eucouragrtnent, I or attempted to flirt *itVi him. She was always pleasant and friendly, but sometimes Forrand fancied that her eyes wore an ex- ' Why do you look at me as tf you were sorry for me P' he asked her one day, when they had beoome upon fairly intimate terms. ' Beoanse I am sorry for you,' ahe replied. ' Bat what makes you think that I stand in any need of pity F* 'Because I have read jour books/ ahe answered quietly. *1 don't see that my books make me an object of octane wirm,' he said, surprised to find himself wishing that die bad not read the works of which he had onoe been eo proud. * They have sold very well.' ' 1 hadn't considered the mattar from a commercial point of view,* she said. ' I pitied vou because I f&noied; after reading your Dooks that you had never loved any woman, and I thought that perhaps no woman had ever loved you.' 'What made you tnink th&tf; he asked, involuntarily wincing under her words. 1 Because you showed that von knew eo , little about women. If you had ever really loved, you would have known eo much more ; and if you had ever been loved, yon would have known a little more. As it is, you describe women from the outside only, and yon generalise about them in the most nr»mtMLl manner. Ton remind xne of a 1 little boy who has been bitten hy a dog, or kloked by a donkey, and who writes in his exercise-book ' AJl dogs bite,' or * All donkeys kick.' I must admit, however, that you are not more unreasonable and incon sistent than most other male novelists, who study our sex with a mind full of preooo oeived ideas, and make their faots square with their theories,* 'Unreasonable | Inconsistent!' he cried, oatrhing at her words. *But thoee are feminine failings.' * I don't believe there is any sex in faults or virtues,' she add. ' I mean that it Lb un reasonable and Inconsistent to deny us oppor tunities of usefulness ; to keep us ignorant and Inexperienced ; to euoourage us to oooupy ourselves mainly with dross, novels, and thoughts of lovers ; and then to reproach us with being idle, vain, useless, and senti mental. For thousands of Tears you have satirised us for osr love of dress aid orna ment, bnt when we show a disposition to wear sensible garments in whioh we can move our limbs freely, yon aoonse us of a reprehensible desire to imitate men. That is only one speolmen out of a thousand of masculine unreasonableness and incon sistency.' Ferrand sat silent. He was thinking of something tbat his oompa&ion; had said at the beginning of their conversation. She had pitied him because she believed him to be ignorant of love. Had bgr surmise been correct f His thoughts wandered baok over the pMt years to the time when, as quite a youth, he had been engaged for a short period to a girl who baa thrown him over for a college friend of his own. The des truction of this early romance had caused ; him to set down in the ablets of his mind \- the axiom that ' all women are heartless and J fickle.' During the next few yean a series | of temporary attachments of the baser sort I had added to his store of knowledge the fact I that ' all women are mercenary/ Weary at length ot Bohemian use, ne &aa; aenna to marry tome pleasant, sensible woman *ho would bear him children and make him a i comfortable home. With this end in view, he had proposed to a cheerful and not un* attractive lady of thirty- two. who seemed doomed to wither on tbe virgin stalk: The I foolish creature, however, Instead of grate- i folly aeoepting his offer, had deolarea that she was sure he did not really love her, and tbat she would rather lire and die an old maid than marry without love, Whereupon Ferrand had said to himself, 'All women are absurdly roioaotio,1 and bad : deserted Iba drawing-rooms of his fetnlnfaa frieufc to toe smopng-wwm m nu wuq. » And so you were sorry Cor me when you read my bookf' he said at length. . - - 'Is tbst ell you have gained from my lecture V ahe eeked with a laugh. ' If I had your habit of generalising, I anou'd say * All ynan an egoists.' prom the date of that conversation Fer rand regarded the Bed Lady In 'Quite a different light. He no longer made any pretence nf stodying her character, but gave himself opto the charm that die exercised over bim with sudden self -surrender. He haunted her footsteps by day as persist eatlv as she haunted his dreams by night ; slid the fact that die eeemed rather inollned to avoid bis society only increased his infatu ation,' .'Hatters e*ree to a crisis one evening when he found Hiss Torrens sitting alone upon the tcraice that overlooked the garden, liptmta& to the faint musio of a distant band. ? 'I was just saying farewell to Kastanien tiad;' die wid, glaziotng up at him with % mnlletbat bad a tiogeof regret in It. 'It has boen settled that .we start tor ta-mDR«v amjifagf 'Yoo— you «i» going *w*yf' be atam mered. 'I thought you were to remain another fortnight at lesat.' ' Tee. but my aunt has had news whioh mskes her anxioos to return at onoe/ He was dlent for a moment. The glory of the moonlight seemed to have palea, and the distant rnnsio grown suddeuly discordant. ' Tou will let me oom& and see you when I return f* he said at length. * I shall be in town again the end of not week/ 1 1 am afraid that it is Impossible,' she re 8 Ued, looking slightly embarrassed. ' I don't ve with my aunt, and you oould not come where I am. 1 Bat won't yon let me see yoadsewheref' hejdeaded. ' In the park or at a picture ' I go' out so little,* she murmured. ' I fear it oould not be managed/ ?I see how it is/ he ened bitterly. 'Tou thought me good enough for a watsting plaoe acquaintance, but you don't care to oontinue the intimacy in town/ \- Tou ought to know me better xthan that,' she said reproachfully. ' Tbji1 faot Is that I eee voy few people when I am io town, and very few oare to see me. I don't think that you would be one of the few if you knew Che oiroumstanoee in whioh I am placed.' * What oan you mean P* he exolsimed. ' Haven't you seen that my heart and mind are full of yon f Don't you know that I think and dream of nothing but you P Why, £ soexn to have no life apart from you, and the only hope, the only desire I have left is to win your love/ 'Oh, is it really sof she said, a ring of genuine pity and regret in ber tone*. ' I hoped that you only regarded me ae a friend. 1 cannot tell you Low sorry I am tbat this should have happened/ ' Why are you eo sorry P he asked. ' Be oanse you cannot love meP But you might give me more timo in whioh to try and win you. Don't take away all hope from me for 4 1 am sorry beoause I must take away all hope from you,' die answered ; ' and beoause I know eo well what it is to have a heart ache myself. Perhaps I ought to tell you why what you ask is impossible, why I can never love you or any other man. Five years ago I was engaged to be married, but only a week before our wedding-day my lover died. I don't know whnther women in general are inconstant as men say ; I only kno« that I can never love again/ ' And yet yon have always seemed the very incarnation of life and brightness,1 he -aia wondcringly. 1 Yes, this is my holiday time, when for a few weeks 1 try to laugb and forget. I dare say you sot mo down as a heartless flirt ; bat those bine boys who hover round roe are only playmates, and they understand the rules of tho frame. But you were dif fm'ut, and sinufi 1 saw fipis that you wero in dungcr 1 have done my best to keep out of your way. Forgive me for having- cAiwed j you pain/ She held out her hand to hioi, atid a* he ' took it, a tear ffll on hi* own. 4 You are crying for tne P* tie said, in low. awed tones, as he gated incredulously at the wet mark on his hand. * 1 can't bear to think that I have made you euffer,' she murmured. ' Don't regret it,' he exolaimed, as he stooped and kissed the tear. 1 1 don't ; I am glad. The whole world seems suddenly to have changed. Do you know that you are the flnt woman who has ever been som fur me, the first woman who lms ever shed a tear for me, the first woman who has taught me loveP Jfy heart has been starved and withered during all these lonely years, but you bare sent the life- blood through it onoe again, and I would not, if I oould exchange my hopeless love for you for the dead insen- 1 sibOitv of the past.' ' Ah, you are better than your books,' she said, as she rose and held out her hand. 'Good-bye. I hope tbat love and hap-, piness'will come to you together eome day.' 1 Star.' he cried. 1 Before von leave me for ever, won't you tell mo who and what you are. I used to fancy that I understood women, but you have always been a beauti ful mystery to ino. Will you not interpret yotmelf before we part V f Yob want to know who and what I am/ die answered dowly. 4 That is coking a good 'deal. If I tell you, will you promise never to reveal my secret P ' Yee, yes, I promise ; I swear never to breathe it to a soul/ he cried eagerly. 'Then I will tell you,' ahe said, with the ghost of a smile. She bent towards him till he oould fed her breathe upon his cheek, and whispered in hit ear, 1 J am — a woman/ As eoon as his holiday was over Ferrand went bade to England and wrote a book. It was called 1 The Red Lady,' and had not the faintest reeemblanoe to any of his earlier work, for It oonsisted mainly of a rhapsody upon the virtues and perfections ox the heroine, while there was not a sarcasm or a oynioism from beginning to end. From a literary point ot view it had little merit, be ing vague and incoherent, a crude impres sionist sketch, showing abundance of en thusiasm on the part of the artist, but little judgment, and still leas sense of proportion. The men who read it, said that Ferrand bad had gone off lamentably and the heroino was quite unlike any woman in real Jife. The feminine part of the pubUo were no bet ter pleased, for they peroeived that the Bed Tjttdy was tbe idealised portrait oi some woman with whom the author was head over ears in love, and a lover's rspturefe are never interesting save to the objeot of them. So the book sold badly, and the publishers said thev hoped tfr. Fwrond would return to his former manner in his next work. But Ferrand replied that he should never write another book, and he kept his word. About two years after the Kastanleabad episode, half-a-dosen men were sitting round the fire in the smoking-room of I the Belles Lettres Club, discussing the plot of the latest problem novel, when Sir James Thorndike, a recently knighted physician oatne in. ♦ Talk about a novel,' be said coutemptu* ously ( T oould tell true stories worth a dozen of the rubbishing things that people write. The only romanoes nowadays are to be found in real life,!. J. . ..... ? 'WelV raft ** a (peebnen,* said Veil! Stratton, tiupopular s&thijr; jof hdf ?a-soore of peesitntotio novelir ^Prodooe your ro manoe/ ' X will, said the doctor. 1 Only to*day I have heard of tho death ol the best nurse and the most charming womin In London. Save* jsmo dp wajjentoged to be pin*. ruAm a wphew?trfmiz«f'OBt the popr f ft* lgwjied &saafl;£jpqp only a.week befam^fhe wnding&y.; one Insisted upon nursing him, and lite a fool, I told her die was a bora nu ne. What must she do but go into training as ot. jarnaoaa, ana as eoon as ene St* heh)tttfA-$te» ngj^teeato nnjne st the.. st Louon SmaU4|Knfe hospital. ? Bbh. srgur juat of age, ££&-rp)iafi| wJp-^-oney bf Jfoc own ; -so no one oduldtftop-fcer. Jror sevrt years that beautiful young woman lived iu the midst of dlsooso and death, except for a few weeks iu the rammer when aoo went abroad. About a fortnight ago she oaught emalUpox of a most virulent type, and early this momtogfhe died. vi- There1 was ailenae.' -Tho«o&e; of themnad&triilowvdoe; .r . 'Doyoa mina telling me~whal her red name was f* * Catherine Torreos; bat she. was always oatled Norse Oath erics In the hospital/ re piled Sir James.. 4 Are you going to put her into a bode, Ferrand f mm tto* knows si) shoot wtmnai ? Ko,tibtlho man who knows,* add For» 