TEE 1ELL-TI0M MOST. . ' By “LUCY HARDY”' *. (e£rs c. Bord), Author of Our Dear Dogs,” otcT/etc. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] “Sleepy. Hollow,” aa I have heard Fell-. ^Tliorpo irreverently described by casual visitors, place well. Tf. nno rtf tlirvvA _ -.Ipyei the piaco well. It was one of those hunareaa of pretty English villages lying nostled-nwny amid green hills and woods, whoso existence is practically unknown to auy-savo resi fleuts in the vicinity. It had its “great house” near, hut Sir lie cry Colvil, our squire, was a middle-aged lachelor, who lived chiefly abroad or in. London, Only paying his country estate a briaf Visit in ttho shooting reason.’ There was no inducement for- aiiy family to bury itself in a remote country place, without society, though my Uncle Philip had been vicar at Fell-Thorpe for twenty years, and would not have exchanged . the'living for an archbishopric. A, quiet, studious man,, immersed in his hooks', Foll Thorpe exactly suited him.. Ho hated society ; .our-village afforded none; his,means were ■small; Fell-Thorpe was a cheap place of resi dence. He was a good and earnest man in the 'performance of his clerical duties, but the most fervid zeal.could notfill up the eutire day with pastoral work amid so small a population. So that with all his duties to his flock, scrupii ^rSht; always . sire- subject of the differential calculus.. 'Look -:''irig..backrT.cau understand wliat a sacrifice .of. inclination to,duty Uncle Philip, urade who'iihpj \- ..consented to receive me, a girl of eighteen,-info! ■ -itis* • ijVif 06 household.’ - My ■-toother was :Uiicle: '.!• Philip’s .only sister, and had. eloped .with am ®rtist twenty years before, dying when I wad about six years old." -Uncle■ Philip had oppoked -her mairiago'-as strongly as so gentle a creature could oppose anything, acd,it wa3 partly in consequence o| his desertion by his mother (ivho'had lived with y him iu-his Loudon curate; days, and had kep? ^...his louse) that ho was was bo ready to' bury1 -'himself with his hooks in a remote country ' village. Little intercourse .passed bstw-ou the '•* brother and sister in after years, although no . ..actual quarrel ever took place (I cannot _ imagine Undo Philip quarrelling with anyone),: '’•-and after my mother died, my father kept up^ -. no correspondence with his brother-in-law.. Only when my father was dying did hc-:be think him- of the relative of whom I knew nothing, and write, consigning his penniless. orphan niece to his care. ; ’ ■’ Of my father I would prefer hot to sptiak ;’’ he wiis my’parent whatever were his shorts comings. I believe, in his way,, lie loved ijibi be managed to keep me at school until I was sixteen, and then, when the' lady principal^ ■ wearied of the. irregularity of his. .payments, politely but firmly declined to retain m.elonger,. he shared his Bohemian menage with me. ” Hi” had talent undoubtedly, and might have made, hie mark in. the world had he chosen to. do so, , hut patrons and dealers weary of encouraging an artist who can never beTelied’upou to- com-' plete a picture or keep an engagement, whilq &. ' taste for cards and, dico soon drains away a , larger income than usually fall’s to the Ido' of: -even a successful painter. -Two uncomfortable, restless years intervened between my quitting school and taking up my residence with tJfSclfe-’ Philip—years of shifting about in cheap pen-, sione in France and Italy; of debts, duns, qneitionahle Bohemian associates; je;iM which taught me to appreciate even sleepy Fell Thorpe as a haven of refuge from a troublesbme world. \- ■ . Uncle Philip had generously responded td the ’ .- appeal to receive his siBter’s child, and even made the sacrifice (no .slight one to-a mau(pf. ' his shy, recluse habits) of. journeying-so far'iia Dover to meet me and take me to .my now homo. I shall never forget the anxious, puzzled glances the good old man cast’at me " aa 1 sat opposite to him in the train,, evidently regarding me as a strange creature, of,-njhoje habits and ways he was ignorant. \- - ’ “ I hope you will be happy in your new \- home, my dear,” he said, at length. “ I hrive never, been accustomed to take cafe’’of young _ ..--‘‘I have always been accustomed to itake \ cave of myself, Uncle Philip; at least,-eyer since I left, school,” I replied truthfully £ and Uncle Philip’s countenance lightened cdqsidef ahly as he said, in a tone of relief, " Hivefyotf, _indeed-, my dear; I am glad to. hear.it ;■ Edare say^we-shall get on very well together.” ‘ [_’ : Very well indeed we had got ori;for ovifi four *’ years. My arrival had. made, very, {little x-jdiJTerencb in Uncle Philip’s . jhahifs, j a,ud Deborah, the old housekeeper, wKd'Whs at first inclined'to. resent my cbinmg.'floonToai^d- .to • tolerate; me amicably when she found I poyer interfered with her. For, my self,.it wassuch a • blessing to be spared all thb'mein ’shifts and contiivances of our former'existence; never to have to confront, insolent landladies or clamorous tradespeople, ,to live in du atmos phere of solvency and respectability; fori small as was Uncle Philip’s income, it was amply sufficient to supply all his modest requirements, and even leave a little surplus over. -Moreover I had an occupation, and occupied peoplo are never dull. I had inherited something of my father’s ‘ artistic tastes, and had cultivated my capacity for painting under his tuition. Fell-Thorpe was rich iu “ bits” suitable for landscapepaiut ing; and I was able, through a picture-dealer • in Loudon, who once patronised my father, to sell sufficient sketches and smalt studies ta .supply myself with a modest little income, ^ enough for all my private needs, uncle [Philip • absolutely refusing to allow me-i’o coptributrto [• the household expenses, -which he declared. I '■ scarcely increased. So we lived tranquilly to \- gfetlier Uncle Philip deep as ever iu his books, I \- busy -with my. easel. • . ... .'Dull sb Fell-Thorpe was, we possessed one . source of excitement, we had -a local [ghost. . The village church, though small, waB an. ox-, ceptionally beautiful one; it had- beoh built early iu the fourteenth century by:, some u:n ' known benefactor, after the loving,; lavish style in which our forefathers were then wont to erect sacred edifices, -and through the poverty of the local residents had happily escaped the ** beautifying” (by galleries and whitewash) of ■ the eighteenth century, and the! yet more destructive “ restoring" of tho ninsteenth. A convent of nunB had formerly adjoiped the church (the conventual buildings had been, destroyed at the Dissolution) and a curiqus sort, of gallery at the weBt end of the church was* ' still called the”1 E uns’ Gallery." It wjis-. shut in by. an exquisitely carved stone tracery, which ' Tendered the occupants invisible below ■ (unless they actually thrust their heads opt • of one \- single.kind of “ oeil de hoeuf” iu the middle of this stone screen) and yet enabled persons iu the gallery to hear the service in the ‘ church .below, and even to catch glimpses of the con gregation through the open. ; spaces between the carving. This gallery was ’disused now, biit tradition asserted that it was once connected by a [passage • with the convent; and that the nuns had been wont to occupy it on great festivals, when they attended service in thechurch.,.Here was .the -locale of the Fell-Thorpe ghost..-In days of. yore, so ran the legend, a Certain valiant knight' -deceased, leaving large estates to.^hls.^ldest daughter Sibyl; butprqviding-that^fBhfanld.ske, . die without issue, they Bhould descend id his ■ youngdr daughter Maud, child''d?rhi? Be<x>nd: wife. -His widow, who proved),jtbe .typical ’^wfcfesiTjt-ep.raathef^: had therefore, a [strong motive, if not to take~the[[]ifo7h:f!*Serrstep -daughter, at least to keep hef unthSniiCdi. ‘This - latter plan was easily, carried-tniC. Sjyhil was. betrothed to a young knight who joined, the Crusades; plauBible evidence of bis“tleath,'viaS' forged, and the heart-broken girl .easily per , enaded to immure herself in a convert. ...When “her betrothed returned she was-for evelr hidden from his sight. Tears rolled by, and!some of the nuns, among them Sybil, now Sister. Ave, migrated to the newly-elected cloister, fit'Fell Thorpe. j ’ And it so chanced, on one bighf estival, -when "the nuns were singing behiud their stone screen \- in the church gallery, that SisteF'A^e-beheld among tho congregation beneath, ^9--lover whom she had long mourned as dead,'alive aud well, and with a fair young bride' by his side. . With one wild call on her lover’s-name the min thrust her head through the opening/in the ncreeu to gaze once more on his beloved features, and then sank back insensible,’ and expired, literally of a broken,.heart, as the scandalised sisterhood were carrying her away. 1 And, the story ran, on each anniversary of- her 'death, a pallid face in nun’s coif and wimple 'looked out,of the gallery, and "a wailing cry. 'resounded through the church'.. It was .even added ' that sometimes'•••-the' spectre ■’*’* named”’' some’of the local -, residents, and 'that the persons’ so distinguished : invariably, died daring the -yeax; -but the .ghost had not -been “personally.interviewed’-^p>* centuriefc, aaits manifestations..only-took.;p)ace at mid-, night, and tradition had. not,[preserved .the ’ exact -date -of Lady Sybil’s tragic ’demise! The legend was rememberei'heicause’'Fell Thorpe folk had so’ little to'' tiitk'1about. The old sexton,’ and even Philip;’' Conscientiously Ixelated the story to any stray visitor who was ''taken .over the church; and the1 former, at least, devoutly believed in it: , Still, as no one in the village was likely to he in the church at the hours the ghoBt “ walked” (we were far too ^r.eleepy for “ watch-night” or .kindred services), (399) •ur local spectre was at least a most inoffensive | Among our few resident neighbors were an , old major and hie wife, the latter rather an invalid. They had come to Fell-Thorpe some years ago, and apparently lacked the energy to go away again. Their little house suited them; Mrs Grant was benefited by the country air; they found variety in an occasional visit to Bath or Buxton, and returned to Fell-Thorpe always talking of removing, but never carrying ' out their threat. Uncle Philip and the major ■ becamea great cronies. From lack of other occupation, Major Grant became an enthusiastic archeologist. He took in a quantity of litera ture on the* subject—remarkably dull publica tions they appeared to me—and he was always prowling about the church and finding (or imag ing) some hitherto undiscovered attraction in its hoary stones. _ He had lately lighted upon' a small window-in the chancel, now built up, aud had conceived the theory that this was one of ’ the ancient “ lepers’ windows” (made to allow the victims of that fearful disease to behold from without the church sacred rites they might ; not mingle with the congregation to share in), j and was simply wild to have this ■ wiudow re opened aud. filled with stained glass. He sue- j cceded in infecting tlhclePhilip with his enthu siasm, but restorations cost money. This con sideration, however, by no means damped the major’s zeal. His . idea “was that we should gather all we possibly could in the neighbor hood, ‘and. then make an appeal to the gene rosity of the public in the newspapers, setting forth how we had done our little all, and now appealed to “ lovers of archeology” to help us for mfijof,-®-''I’ll**give ypii a beautiful'olej seven tceutlXqSutur.y almsib.oxiu carved oak—I picked it;V.p cb^jvply p.broq(l one year—and you cau set’ it uj> in tile church ami, invite contributions > jtorbiir'iuiid.' 'Wliy, .my 'clear fellow, surely “even the p’oor folk will'feel a. little interest an .'so. important, so local, an.object.. Now Sunday \veek is . your harvest thanksgiving—bylthe • tvayi,‘hir Henry will be- down here then—yoa just: preach a egood, imprpssiye sermon,. and point4out the .architectural gem I have dis covered, iihd invite liberal contributions.” '“Everyone is poor here,” sighed uncle BbiJUij; i , , “ jjoorpeoplo can give something—look what a yeaf'this ha, biien for the farmers (it was sunny :iSS7),-boside wo never had any real local J.ubilee Memorial. Now, the restoration of this interesting—this glorious—window, would be a very fittingoiie.”‘ ' ■‘ Carried-away by the tide of enthusiasm, Uncle Philip readily conseuted to exert his best eloquence to induce the congregation to believe that'to contribute to our “ .Restoration Fund” would be the most appropriate form of evincing tlioir thankfulness for the harvest of 1SS7 and the Accession of 1S37. “ But we really cannot—knowing the circum stances of the congregation expect above-” “Ten pounds,” interpolated the major;' “re member Sir Heury will be there and all his servants.” “ No1uo, say seven—well, maybe rather over. Of course wo may gather more by special house '•to house appeals.” - ■ .•■ The festival .day came, and Uncle. Philip preached oho of his best sermons; he really waB eloquent sometimes, though he varied consider ably,often preaching admirable, scholarly dis courses, but completely “ over the heads” of the rustic congregation, who had never read the Fathers aud knew nothing of early heresies. ■But on this occasion Uncle. Phillip laid aside allusions to Gnostics and Manicheans, and preached in a style comprehensible to bis hearers; and-I felt sanguine as regards the col lection we should find in'the box “our neigh bor’s' kind gift,” as uncle 'Philip explained this receptacle to ho. ■: Unfortunately the major and. his wife, were absent, also our seuior church warden ; the former obliged to Btarr earlier than usual for Buxton in consequence of a fit of gout; Uhe latter ill in bed. Bat both had promised to forward contributions to our “ Window Res toration fund,” so their absence would not affect us financially. “I will leave the box unopened until Satur ay,” remarked Uncle Philip as we ate cur early dinner. “ I should like Smith (the churchwarden) to bo present, and it is possible that as there is a saints’-day service this week a trifle more may he added to the contents of the box after to-day.” X knew that Smith had somewhat “cold watered” the scheme of the collecting box. and understood that Uncle Philip was looking for ward to a mild triumph when it was unlocked. Saturday afternoon accordingly my uncle, My Sihith ' (the keeper of the village shop and vicar’s churchwarden) repaired to the church, I accompanying them as a curious spectator. ■ “ And now to see what our good neighbors have done for us,” said Uncie Philip, as he un locked tho box and raised the lid. -.-;,i(ponld w.e believe...our eyes? Uncle Philip fairly rubbed his as'if Vo make sure that he was ,uot the victim of some strange optical delusion. Yet. gaze as he would, count as he would, the. fact remained that eightpence in coppers anil two peppermint drops represented the entire “'thank offerings” of the congregation. . Mi'Smith first, broke the awful silence. “ I qqver did hold with this new- fangled idea of the major’s abouta box.” he remarked solemnly. “ Perhaps,” said Uncle Philip, in the tone of one who catches at a straw, “ people made a mistako and put their money into the poor W e boasted an antique receptacle so labelled, which was opened quarterly, and its contents (if any) distributed among a few needy widows. It has been recently so emptied, and was found empty still. UnolePhilip was a mild man, and a patient, but worms turn at last. He preached next day in a style wholly novel to his hearers, and, for once, the entire congregation sat awake-aud attentive, the bucolic mind slowly gathering that .“passon do seem terrible put about like by summnt.” Tsincerely hoped that Sir Henry,’ whom we all looked upon as the worst offender, would feel pricked in his con science, and it seemed as if tais was the case, for the baronet lingered after the congregation had dispersed, and said good humoredly, “Well, Mr Archer, you don’t give us a very good character for liberality, I really think you are a bit hard on us, though.” “I have my duty to perform aud'my message to deliver, Sir Henry,” said my -unde, gravely.' “ Yes, of course. Only you know we aienot Croisus down here, and if each gives according to hip ability J—” “ Are you aware of the amount of last Sun day’s collection ?” asked my uncle. , “Not at all.' I should recognise my own con tribution, though.” “■Oh, would you,” said Uncle Philip, with a curious little smile, “then if you will accom pany me to the vestry I shall have pleasure in showing you what the liberality of Fell-Thorpe has- considered an appropriate thank-offering at their jubilee harvest festival.” Wo entered the vestry; Uncle Philip unlocked the quaint antique safe which contained the Communion plate, and drew out a hag which he emptied on the table. “ Six pennies, two half-pennies, three, no, four farthings, and two peppermint drops. I leave it to you to identify your, own contribution, Sir Henry,” said Uncle Philip, with sarcastic politeness, adding, “I -.scarcely; think the remarks I made regarding this collection were unjustified.” ' i .. Af.,?enry stood with an expression oiiblank amazement upon -his 'ruddy good-humored “But,.my dear sir, there’s something alto gether wrong here.’’ ■ -i .. “Exactly what-I said this mornin0’_,it is sadly, lamentably wrong.” . “But I mean,7 almost eh'outed the baronet, “ that this isn’t the resil collection. •' I alone-put • in five pounds;. I gave a five-pound gold piece, one of the newly-coined Jubilee ones.’ It occurred to me that you might get a trifie more for it as a curiosity. Mr Archer, the box has been robbed.” ( Wo returned to the church, anil scrutinised the box closely. Neither the lock nor the box bore the least signs of having been tampered with—and yet, where was the gold five-pound I piece? " f‘The box has a large-opening,” BaidiiSir Henry. ,’It would not be difficult to iusert a v-V?; stick or piece of whale-bone, smeared with bird-lime, and so extract the coins. I have heard of such things being done before.” . “B'jt there is no one here likely to do such a wicked thing,” said Uncle Philip, warming to ' the defence of his parishioneiB. - ** ^ell. I don’t know. Fell-Thorpe can furnish a poacher or two, my gamekeepers tell me. Itis clear that the box has been robbed, Mr Archer, and you ought to have the matter investigated. By the way,” and the baronet paused before leaving the vestry, “do you keep . that fine Sacramental-plate in the church ?” It really was fine plate, unusually valuable to ..he.in use in a. village fane. Some two centuries ago it had been presented to the church bv a pious maiden lady, who bequeathed her modest savingsfor the purpose of replacing “ye altar plate , and .furniture,” which. Waller’s saeri ligiouB troopers had plundered in the. Civil Wars. -Apart from their intrinsic value, the massive chalices and paten were exquisite specimens of silversmiths’ workmanship, and might have graced a cathedral. | • “ Where should I keep the Communion plate, hut here; it huB been safe in this vestry for twa centuries and more,” said Uncle Philip, “ Well, it seems clear that;thievhs have carried off something already from the church, and I hope they will not pay you another visit'”’ said Sir Henry, and departed, leaving Uncle ' Philip in-a condition of the,deepest dejec tion. “I thought my flock misers—am I to be lieve them thieves also?” he asked, in despairing tones. The village constable and Mr Smith were both summoned to give counsel in the matter, but without much good result, the former frankly avowing that the matter “ beat him ; ” the latter repeating that he had “never held” with the bo:;. A plate held at the church door would have obviated all risk of robbery. Mr Smith, however, made one prac tical suggestion that certain pieces of money should be marked and placed in the box. Should the iliett be repeated aud'these coins changed in the village tliev might lead to the identification of the thief. Uncle Phil p listened dejectedly to a scheme which seemed likely to place him ia the uuonviable position of a prosecutor of one of his own parishioners ; bat Mr Smith was insistent, and some coins duly marked were dropped into the box. We j spent'a miserable evening, at the Vicarage. Uncle Philip, an almost morbidly conscientious man, gave himself upntterly to self-reproaches. If, alter twenty years’ pastoral work,' his teachings had borne no better fruit than this, it was:a clear proof that he had mistaken bis vocation—he was unfit for his post, and so on ; until Deborah, who was clearing' the table, openly “ dratted” the major and his scheme of restoration. “ If he’d a been content to leave ihe: chnrch asdio found it, thero’n a been no box to rob, and master wouldn’t a been worrited.” Truly, “les absents ont roujours tort.” Every one ijeenied to putVUtv \- - cync~haa"XTjmIE conimd-tn] |_and..n u._littje u . ^Oj. tuiit m tlia afternoon jt* ixiade ’up-fciiy mind t-> go off ’and see if the Grants .had re natutally anxious to bCthe first:£o announce the startling.news of ,the suspectedrobbery. “You’ll be caught in trie rilin',’’Miss' Annie, I’m thinking,” remarked Deborah;- as she saw me about to set out on my expedition. I bad a good two miles’, walk before me, the Grants living af the extreme end of’, the'parish. " “If ifirains I may wait to dinner and walk back With the- major.afterwards,” I said; “ donif let Uncle Philip wait for me if I am not back to tea, Deborah,’* Deborah gave’ a sniff,’which I knew, meant that she would see that Uncle Philip waited for no one. I was often accustomed to drop in to meals at the Grains, and the major to return the compliment at the Vicarage; but the Grants still kept up ilie fashion of a. late dinner at six o’clock, while we contented ourselves with the humble mid-day repast. I think, however, Deborah's housekeeping was the more liberal of tha two. Mrs ..Grant was always glad to welcome a visitor'to’ break the monotony of her quasi-invalid life,-and we had a fiction of reading French and Italian together which served as an excuse for frequent visits. Before 1 had gone far on my way, however, the rain began to descend. I have before mentioned that I sketched aud painted. I had lately been finishing some small studies of the views from our church tower, 'and had taken the freedom, without consulting Uncle .Philip, to make u3e oftbe “ Nuns’ Gallery” as a kind of temporary studio. The old woman who cleaned, or was sup posed to clean, the church, readily agreed to sweep and dust out this disused part of the edi fice for my convenience, aud here I was' wont, after concluding my "'day’s painting on the tower, to stow away my palette, paints and canvas, instead of troubling* to carry them to aud fro daily as I did the great church key. Now; as the rain -began to descend, I remem bered that. I had; lett my .waterproof clonk as well iiB my painting gear in'tlie’Nuns’ Gallery. Luckily I had the key of the church in my pocket. I seldom went out without it, Uncle Philip possessing a duplicate. It was tut a step across the road to the church, and I soon found my property,-blit as 1 .turned to desceud the dark winding stairs which led from the Nuns’ ..Gallery.I stumbled, and, in the effort to save inyselr, fell against the half-opened door which 6hut off the end of the staircase. It closed with a slam, and I immediately remembered that it was only opened by ah outside latch, conse quently I was caught in a trap. I groped and fumbled, and-hurt my fingers in.vain. It was impossible .to opeu.tho door from within, and I resigned myself to the inevitable. I was less alarmed at my predicament than many girlB of my age would...have been. As regards the ghostly associations of the gallery I was utterly sceptical.-"My- life, before coining to Fell-Thorjiahad been too full of practical cares and anxieties to leave’ much room for imagina tive terrors. I had'faced the stern realities of life too: early , ,to. he much troubled with .“nerves..” I should be iniesed and inquired for as the’ evenihg'drew bn,-’:and Deborah at least knew - that T’’ was in’ the habit of making sketches from’the church tower. They were surety lock.f<v;,mehere wheuit was discovered that I was not ’’at the ’ major’s. It ■ was pro-' voklhg to be thus caged,. and: I hoped that I should, be. .released before I began to grow hungry, but any fears of a supernatural visita tion in the gallery never’crossed my mind. To beguile the tinge,. I commenced a sketch of the church as seen from my eyrie, -aud thus occupied^ worked until the ‘ evening shades began to fall. Seven o’clock, eight, the church was growing dark now, and 1 began to feel chilly (though it was warm weather), tired and •decidedly hungry. "Well, it could not he long before 1 was missed and sought far, so I wrapped myself in my cloak, and nestling my self into a convenient angle of the wall, set my self to await release as patiently as might be. At last I fell asleep. I awoke suddenly, with a sensation of having slumbered for weeks, and was startled to see a light iu the chuich below. I sprang up, andwus about to call out, when a voice fell ’ou my ear. “ Nobody ain't there,” and the door at the foot of the staircase, which had apparently been opened, gave a click. “I’d have settled ’um if there had,” growled another tone. - .. Peering cautiously through the interstices of the stonework, I’ perceived, in the nave, two men, one- of whom I recognised as Ro'mr Simmons, a village loafer, strongly suspecteifof poaching proclivities the other a most villianous looking man, who carried in his hand a heavy bludgeon,’and ivbag over his arm. Perhaps :the nps and downs of my former life had taught me self-control, fori checked my first impulse to call out, and waited. There was little doubt that I was face to face with the robbers of our. alms-box, equally little doubt that it would he wise to conceal my presence. Squeezed against the front of the gallery I held my breath and watched. “ Come on,”, said the Etrange man, im patiently throwing down his bag and extracting therefrom some tools; ’ “ V/hat (with an oath) are you staring about for ? “ There’s t’ ghaist,” half blubbered Roger, who seemed as if dragged on against his will. “ I bs mortal feared to think we may see Bhe.’’ The elder man swore roundly at Roger’s cowardice and superstition in terms which I re frain to quote.. , “ Meastur,’’ said Roger, desperately, in the tones of one making a last appeal; “ 1 can’t go for to do it. Why, my old dame ’ud break her heart to think of them holy things being touched .; no good ’ll come of it, you’ll see— taint * like takihg silver out o’ passon’s own housed”-; : ; “ No, I don’t think tnat your ‘passon,’ as yon call him,-; deals-in^such silver,” said the other ruffian, coolly, as he sorted and selected his tools; • ‘’‘but. you village fools doh’t know valuables wheaiyoii see them. To think!” he added,-with another, oath, “ that'it was just bv chance .I .caught, sight of these things the Sunday' I came to cfiurch to gammon you good folkB, and: you: "only: telling me pf the haul I might make out of the alms-box. By the way, here goes again,” and by the device which Sir Henry bad suggested—a bit of whalebone apparently smeared with some sticky substance, the box was again rifled with a dexterity which ’ told of long practice. ” . “ It’s, no use. standing shaking and shivering now,”, .went on the remorseless robber; “ you’re in for it all ’ the way; yoii helped to rob the poor bdlslast Week, and you’ve got to show me where the silver’a kept now; bo come along and no more talking.’’. HeBita’ting and trembling, the less courageous thief followed’’towards the vestry, murmuriog .about his.“dame,” “passon,” “tf ghaist,” religious scruples and superstitious terror warring with the the power hi6 fellow-criminal had obtained over him. I had not lived for over four years at Fell Thorpe without becoming imbued with Borne of the sentiments of the place, and the sacreligions theft to he perpetrated upon our treasured altar ■ Vessels roused me to intense indignation. An idea occurred to me, I might run some risk, but I would chance that. Pressing my face against the operiiifgs-of the carving I gave vent to a long sighing groan, and was delighted to hear the sound.greeted by an absolute yell from Roger. ’ «• T’ghaist, it be she,” he cried, and would have rushedfroin the church had not Mb com panion heldhim. “ Wait’abit, youfool,” whispered this latter, but I was pleased to detect a decidedtremor in his voice. I gave vent to another melancholy sigh, loud enough to be audible below. ■“'Curse-it, there’BSome one spying up there,” cried the stranger, flashing his bull’s eye lantern on the gallery; A sudden, inspiration, born of the danger wnich I knew I was in, flashed upon me. . I. hastily wrapped my handkerchief round my face,' drew the dark cloak over my head, and thus having arranged up a very fair imita tion of a nun’s head gear, thrust my head oat of the opening where tradition asserted Lady Sybil had protruded here, and poured out a loud wailing cry like a veritable Banshee; Cold and' terror doubtless gave to ray voice a wierd sound enough. The effect of my appearance was magical. Roger lied yelling to the door, end his . companion was appearantlv now more solicitous to outstrip him” than to detaiu him—in a second or two the men had vanished, leaving their tools and lantern behind them in their flight. It was some time before I ventured to descend the stairs; and then found to my great relief, that the door, which one or other of the thieves had opened (I suppose to sec if anyone was hidiug on the staircase) had not quite closed. As I stepped out into the church, the outer door opened, I shrank back into the darkness, but was relieved to see only Uncle Philip, to whom 1 rushed; and rather startled the kind old man by bursting into a convulsive fit of sobbing in his arms. 15 “ l'here, my dear, there,” ho said soothingly, patting my head, “I suppose you got yourself shut in somehow by 'accident, and it’s sadly unfortunato that you should have been kept here so long; midnight, bless mu,” as the clock-, chimed above us. “ But the fact is that I was called out just as I was going to bed, to baptise a dying child at tlio other end of the parish, and wnen I came hack aud found you still missing, I, of course, started oil first to the major's, where Deborah said you had gone. The Grants have not yet come home, and I fouud the house empty and lodpiiup. But as I camo back, I sometimes sketched at the 1 ami pillow, tljnht it just possible that you ?av J>,if, iVtttkt.V.iarticularly as the outer door j was ajar—careless of you to leave it so, by the way, my love-but, eh, what’s this,” and Uncle. |Philip broke off his narrative as hiB eye fell upon the tools aud lantern on the floor, visible by the light of a. similar bull’s eye which he himself carried, a serviceable guide for his uocturual perambulations over our dark country I rapidly explained my adventure, and how I had played upon the superstitious fears of the thieves to save our altar plate. Uncle Philip was delighted. “You ran somo risk, though, my brave, clever little girl,” lie said at length, after laughing heartily at my description of the abrupt departure of the thieves, “and I am thankful all has ended us it did. And now, Annie, remember, not a word of this adventure to any one for a day or two. I think I see my way to get back some of our lost almshox col lection.” Early next morning Uncle Philip paid a visit to Roger, who lived with his old mother, a re spectable widow, to whom her son’s idle and discreditable courses were a source cf sincere regret. It was, indeed, consideration for old Mrs Simmons, whom everyone liked and pitied, which had made Sir Henry’s head -gamekeeper somewhat blind to Roger's more than suspected poaching proclivities. The village ne’er-do-weel was now, however, laid up in bed; groaning under the newly-awakened terrors of a guilty conscience, and a firm belief that ho should not long survive the ghostly warning which he be lieved himself to have received from Lady Sybil’s wrath. He needed no urging to pour out all his guilty secret to Uncle Philip, con fessing how he had long had secret dealings with the stranger, a noted London “cracks man,” regarding the disposal of his poached game; how this “Bill” had come down to lodge at his mother's cottage for change of air (burglars, like other people, may take an occasional holiday), and how the announcement of our proposed collection for the Restoration Fund suggested to the London thief an opportunity for coiuhiniug professional business with pleasure. Roger, already in his power from their previous illicit transactions, was a hopeless tool in his hands. Like a once famous London burglar; Mr Brown, as the thief chose to be called, passed for' an extremely respectable, even religious, kind of man, aud quite won poor dame Simmons’ heart hv the regularity with which he accompanied her to church, on Sunday mornings, a thing she could never induce her son to do. We have seen how piously Mr Brown employed himself during Bervicetime by “taking notes” of our local valuables, with a view to their ultimate plunder. Uncle Philip had the satisfaction of recovering from the penitent Roger a part of the spoils of our almsbox, notably the gold five pound piece. The congregation had come for ward very handsomely after all, and i think Uncle Phillip preached to himself as well as to his hearers when he delivered himself of an elo quent harangue against “rashand uncharitable judgments” in his next sermon. The stolen coins, or at least the larger part of them, had been concealed in a hiding-place near Roger’s cottage, and Mr Brown had been in such haste to catch the next train to London (one stopped in tho early hours of the morning at a station some five miles ofi) that he had actually struck straight away across country to Byford Junction, without delaying even to fetch his clothes from Mrs Simmons’. I wonder if this worthy behoved in the' ghost, or sus pected a poiice.amhush ? Anyway he disap peared, and Fell-Thorpo. -saw him no more.. There was no doubt about Roger’s 'view of the affair. Uncle Philip felt bound to explain the real state of affairs to him, when the man as serted the ghost had appeared to him, called him by name, and therefore sealed his doom. But Roger rejected alf attempts at explana tion. If, as Uncle Philip assorted, 3J \vas in the I gallery, well, like the Mousquetaire in the “IngoldBby Legeiids,” Roger Could only declare “ily a deux.” “I know what I seed, sir,” he persisted, with a stolid obstinacy pecu liar to the bucolic organisation: and Uncle Philip was silenced. Of course we ought to have prosecuted Roger: so said Sir Henry, and tho major, and even Uncle Philip. But the fellow was only the minor criminal after all. He had received a terrible fright, was apparently sincerely peni tent, and had made all the reparation in his power. Village communities are always,glad to he rid of alocai black sheep quietly, with out scandal. Our local magnates decided to act like the kindly suburban gardeners who, loth to crush the snails which they remove from their own cabbages, quietly drop them over their neighbor’s palings. Roger was offered 'his liberty on the same terms accorded to many an ancient wrong-doer, on the condition, that, he “presently transported himself forth of our, dominions.” Sir Henry discovered that a re cruiting-sergeant was busy at .Byford, .and Roger, who was a stout, well-grown young fellow enough, was readily enrolled amongst tho new recruits. We kept his secret; only, like the Justice in tl e “Critic,” piously hoping that the church robber might, in future “ Defend hiB country’s laws With half the vigor that he broke them all.” I was glad to learn in after years that such actually proved the case, Work, and discipline, and removal from evil associates, worked wonders for Roger, as these factors have done for many another apparent ne’er-do-weel who has “joined the colors.’’ As Uncle Phillip wrote to me a month ago, no one .could have recoguised the idle, poaching loafer of days gone by in the smart yonug soldier who was paying his mother a visit during his furlough, on the return of his regiment from abroad, where he had served with much credit during one of our ‘ little wars.’ “Lady Sybil’s ghost” saved more than the altar plate,” laughed good natured Sir Henry ;; and immoral. as our leniency may have been, I am glad 'thatRoger, more weak than wicked, was saved the stigma • of the jail, if only for his old mofjiier’e sake. We gained our window without applying'to the general public.. Sir Henry was liberal. enough to make up the deficiency in our local‘fund, remarking to Uncle Phillip that he thought-the “lady who saved the altar plate” deserved some recompense, and that he knew: I, as well as Uncle Phillip and-the major, desired to see the church beautified." Sir Henry is a kindly■! pleasant man, I ought to knowj seeing 1’have' been his niece for some years no w. -:Arthur, my husband and Sir Henry’s presumptive.heir, tells me that it was his uncle’s J' praises of “ the girl who kept her head in circum stances where many people would have screamed and fainted,” which first’-made him desirous of stayiug at F0ll- ThorpBVHa.ll, arid making the acquaintance of this female paragon. ^Lady Sybil” is still my nickname from. Sir Hot very long ago I happened to take up a work on the local-traditions and'superstitions current in that part of England in which Fell Thorpe is located. Our ghost was described in its pages; and I read, with much interest, that “ as late as the Jubilee year *’ this spectre was beheld by “ credible witnesses ’’ and by its timely apparition prevented ’ an attempted burglary in the church. It iB always unkind to spoil a good story, so “Lady Sybil ” has allowed this interesting narrative, founded pre sumably on the authority of Roger or Mr Brown, either of whom may have let out some ecraps. of the occurrence, concealing of course their own share therein, to . pasB uncoritra • dieted, and our local ghost may still be credited with .the beneficent guardianship of our sacred valuables. 