THE ' DISAPPEARANCE of MR. DERWENT. A MYSTERY. BY THOMAS COBB, Author of "The House by the Common," " Wedder- burn's Will," " The WeBtlakes," &c.; Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock Sf Bowden, Ltd . all bights reserved. CHAPTER XV. ASSAULT AND B.VJTERY. After dinner that evening Florence left her cousin to his own resources, but at eleven o'clock came down from Ann's room to bid him good-night. " Don't let them turn out the lights," he said. "It 8 no use my going yet. I may as well make myself comfortable indoors for another hour or more." She clasped her hands nervously as she looked down into his upturned face. " No use going where 7 1 she faltered. "On the watch, to be sure.'' "Oh, Arnold," she cried, "I hoped you had bad enough of this." "Enough! I haven't begun. Why, Floy, I told you I meant to shadow that woman like death." " Never mind what you told me, Arnold. Don't do it ; please don't do it. Oblige me in this. M r Fairford was a friend of father's, he is a friend of mine, and this very morning you called at his hoose and pretended that he was a friend of yours. Please, Arnold, give in to me in this." " Sorry, Floy, but it can't be done,"' he answered. "It pnzzles me yon take such an interest in the chap. Yon haven't known him three months all told. You go to bed, and when I've discovered the truth, you 11 be thankful I stood firm for once in my life." She turned away very sadly, and Arnold began to repose upon two chairs. Shortly after midnight, he became eager to be doing something. It was a cool, fresh night, and he turned up his coat collar as he quitted the house. Then he took his stand under the shadow of the large sycamore tree, and fixed his eyes upon the two gates of Forest Prospect. But though, with patience worthy of Joe Bodger, he waited tbere two weary hours, no Bound fell upon his ears save the striking of the distant church clock, echoed by another within the house, the rustling of the leaves, and the occasional crowing of a restless chanticleer. It was eleven the next morning when he came down to breakfast. "No luck last night,'' he said. "Of course, 1 put the Johnny on his guard. An awful juggins I was ! Well, Floy, we'll see who tires first." Arnold Derwent was not the only person in Bookfield who perplexed his mind about the mysterious woman in black. After going dutiiully to church on Sunday evening, Lizzie went to her father s cottage, a clean white building, with a roof of extremely ornamental thatch, standing at a convenient distance from the churchyard — the field of Mr M ogford s labours for so many years tbat, at least as far as the living were con cerned, he regarded that domain as virtually his own property. "It 8 my opinion you see a ghost, Liz,'' Baid Mrs Mogford, the only black-haired member of the family. " I ve seen 'em my self, come to that. Take the night before poor Aunt Lotty died,-' "It wasn't no gho3t," declared John, the eldest son ; " I never saw a ghost. I lay elie'd holloa if I laid, hold on her. ' John followed up the assertion with a loud guffaw, as he drew his huge boots farther beneath his chair. " If it wasn't a ghost," said. Mrs Mogford, "I don't see no harm done. A person can walk what time sue likes aod no barm done, if so be she is a person ; what do you say, father?" "I Bay the same as you say, Emma," answered Mogford, who from long-experience found tnis a plan winch saved trouble aud ill-feeling. He was a thick-set, bow-legged, dreary-laced man, with a sfiock of brignt red nair, and an invariable smell of earth about nis uoilics. "Well soon find out that 'ore,' said James, the younger born. "How's ihat, Jim?' asked Lizzie ; "how arc you going to find out ? " " Watch and sec, Liz. Ain't that reason? If you want to find out what a tniug is, just loon at it, and there y'are. You're iu it, John ? " "I'm there, Jaine3." "I don't know bus what I'll make another," said Mogturd, senior; "eh, missus ? " Between a desire to afford hor rash off spring the natural protection of their father and to preserve her husband from danger, Mrs Mogford wavered ; but at last the plot was hatcned, and Lizzie told Florence all about it on Monday morniog. Later in tUe day, meeting Owen Fairiora in the village," Florence stopped. He ssemed entirely to have forgotten his embarrassment at The Rookery the other night, and after some casual remarks, asked alter Anu. " She is dying fast, ' was the reply. "Dr Yiret doubts wiiether she will live through the day. I should not have left her, oiiiy he insisted that I should come out for half an hour." When presently her small hand rested a moment in his rather large one,- she longed yet did not dare to warn him of the rod in pickle. Not only was Arnold on the watch, but the MogfordB also ; and, between them, surely Owen must be compelled to suffer. And there was another, still more vigilant, entirely unsuspected either by Florence or Owen. Joe Bodger, having gained an ink ling of the Mogtord scheme at the Lion, regarded it as a design to take the bread out of hie own open mouth. Bnt when, about five o'clock, the clouds which had been lowering all day burst lurioosly over l'ook- field, J oe rejoiced. If the Mogfords wore so ill-advised as to" turn out, they wonld seoure only a ducking for their pains ; nobody else was likely to loiiow their example 1 Accordingly, he himself turned inatelsven, and was lying listening to the rain patter ing on the roof overhead, when he heard a door opened and closed, and reached his look-out juBt- in time to see a tall, dark figure leave the gate, to all appearances the same in every respect as usual, except that instead of, or, for all he could see, as well as, having the face hidden by a veil, an umbrella was held low down over the head. Ardently as Joe longed to follow, he durst not. Besides the obvious difficulty that he was not suitably clad at the moment to brave the storm ; if the Mogfords defied the elements and watched, there would ensue a fracas, from which it was discreet if Joe absented himself. Meantime, three red heads, covered by as many black hats, were bowed behind the churchyard wall, a few yards from the latch- gate. The fain beat piteously down upon them, causing Mogltfrd senior to wish he had left the hazard to his sons, whom no weather, good or bad, could have - kept from the anticipated sport. 'Arf arter," ejaculated John, as the ohurch olock struck naif-past midnight. " How much more of- it? that's what I'd like to know," grumbled Mogford, trying to twist himself bu- that the rain should- not find its way down his neck. "Hullo 1" whispered John. "I heard Bummat 1 ' Putting their heads close together, they listened attentively- Yes, througn tne noise of the pouring rain tfiey ais languished heavy, regular footsteps, approaching slowly. " Look nere," murmured James, ' me and fathei'il bide, while you go to gate, John. Tnen you'll tackle her, and—" " Nut me, James. Me and fathei'il bide while you go on ahead," " Or maybe fathor'd be the best," answered James, no longer coveting the leadership. " Stick together, one and all, I say," answered Mogford. A thrill of suppressed excitement was common to the three. " She's coming," whispered John. Baising their head above the wall they all peered over. Two sets of teeth chattered, and Mogford, whose teeth were, for the most part, things of the past, quaked in his shoes. There was che tall figure in black, just as Lizzie described it, save the face was hidden by an umbrella. The pouring rain prevented the three watchers from clearly distinguish ing any details, except the left hand hang ing bare. As it drew level with their ambush, the Mogfords stooped lower and crept along under the shelter of the wall to wards the lych gate. Then Mogford senior opened it. " We won't stand no nonsense," said James, evincing a courteous desire to stay behind aud shut the , gate ; but the others waited for him, and three abreaBt they advanced to meet the tall black figure. Stopping right in front of it, they effectually barred the way. Next moment the umbrella was raised, and, to their utter astonishment aud confusion, they found themselves face to face with Owen Fairford. He was clad in a long black mackintosh ; and, what with the darkness of the night, the blinding rain, j and their preconceived opinions, it haa been quite easy to mistake his sex. "Well," he exclaimed, "what do you want ? You appear to occupy a good deal of the highway." Mogford felt that he was in a quandary. He scarcely know what explanation to offer, aud after rubbing his head for some seconds in confusion, stammered an apology, aud, followed by his two sons, beat an uuuiguified retreat Ao he declared subsequently, you might bave knocked him down with a feather ; and his wife summed up the whole case : — " Liz is just crazed," she said. But the incidents of the night were not at an end yet. True to his word, Arnold Der went had watched and waited in vain. If he had not paid that visit to Forest- Pro spect, doubtless, as he continually told Florence, the woman -would have come forth and delivered herself into his hands ere now. But to-night seemed to him pro pitious. Owen Fairford would not give him credit for sufficient perseverance to brave the elements. It was exactly the night to throw him oil his guard, exactly the night to bring forth the woman whom his watch fulness had recently confined within doors. Accordingly, he came out a little after half-past twelve, having waited till the last moment in order to reduce his inevitable cucking to the minimnm, aud took his stand beneath the sycamore tree. He could not see much through the slant ing lines of rain ; but about one o'clock, thiuking he heard footsteps, he craned bis head forward, and perceiving a person in biack on the point of entering the farthest gate of Forest Prospect, ran swiftly along beside the hedge, and himself entered the neater gate, hoping to intercept the person before the front door eould be gained. Within a second of being too late, t'ne door nearly closed, in his excitement Arnold threw himself against it with ail his force. It immediately flew wide open, and, to his surprise, he was confronted by Owen's stern, white face. Still Arnold persisted ; planting his right foot upon the mat, he attempted to make good his entry. " Leave my house," said Owen, looking down upon him threateningly. But Arnold's blood was up, and he was not the man to be turned back by a threat. He stepped ior- waid, and Owen immediately stopped back, Btraighteued his right arm, struck the in truder fairly between the eyes, and sent him headlong on to the gravel path. He fell upon his elbow, bent at an angle, and as the door was closing a second time uttered a loud cry of pain. "Are you hurt 1 ' asked Owen, comiug to hid side. ' ' Good Lord 1 you have broken my arm 1" " What on earth did you mean by forcing your way into my house ?" demanded Owen, placing his hands beneath Arnold's armpits to raise him. "Don't jaw," was the answer. "Give me a handkerchief — just make a sling, Look sharp ; a little more, aud I'm liaoged if I shan't go slick off." CHAPTER XVI. THE DEAT11 OF ANN. A light was sinl burning m'the hall of Tuc Root. e.y aa Owen supported Arnold to wards it. Tne hell sounuea louu ainiust the silence of night, and a few minute3 elapsed oelore Lizzie opened the door. She was fully drested, and a few yarns behind her Florence stood, her eyes reu iroui weeping. "1 made sure you had the latcu-key,' she exclaimed. Then recognising Owen, and remembering tne purpose oi her ouubji's excursion, the bluou ile>v to her lace. "tiul have, out my arm is woken," he answered. "For Gotl'o sake send for Viret to set it, and get me out of pain." The wounded limb lay iu a siing roughly tied by Owen, whust Arnold, looting taiut and pale, clasped it with his left hand. They led huu into the dining-room, and Lizzie lighted a lamp. "Tell me what i can do !" cried Floience, full ot sympathy tor his obvious pain, and of wonder at the cause of his disaster. ' Nothmg, only send for Verit. While they're gone you can get some scissors and cut my coat off." "1 will fetch Dr Yiret," said Owen, aud next minute he was once more braving the storm, nor slackened his pace until ins nand was upon the bell at Tne Laurels. Tiger baiked continuously until alter a lew minutes' interval, Dr Yiret himself came down, fnily dressed, in the expectation of a summons to Ann's deathbed. "Mr Fairford !" he ejaculated. Perhaps Owen was the last man he wonld have named in all the world. "I come from Miss Derwent. Her cousin has broken his arm." ' ' Dr. V iret strode towards the laboratory. " Come this way, Mr Fairford. Broken his arm, has he ? ' Owen entered after him, and when the lamp was lighted, glanced round the room witn its four-footed tenants. " 1 know I must have a splint aome- where," said Dr, Viret, opening one drawer after another. " I had a couple down when my coachman fractured his arm three years ago. .Ah, here we are.' He took- the Bplint, a coil of lint, aud some strapping. "L may as well take some chloroform, ' ne added, as an afterthought. _ - Then the two men left the house, followed by Tiger ? and as they walked quickly to wards the lane, Dr. Viret asked how the accident happened. "Through me, to some extent," Owen answered. " I had been for a stroll " "H'ni! a rough night for a stroll, Mr. Fairford." "And," Owen continued, not heeding the remark, " was re- entering my house about one o'clock, on the point of closing the dour, when some one threw his whole weight against it. It flew open, and I saw Der went. He still persisted in forcing his way in, and naturally I resented such conduct. In fact, 1 admit ihat 1 lost my head, sent iu one with my right, and unfortunately he fell and broke his arm. It is only a simple fracture." "Now perhaps he will be satisfied," said Dr. Viret, ratner to himself than to his companion, ' Do you of ten walk about the village at one o clock in the morning?" he askeu, as tliey crossed the churchyard, this being a short way to The Rookery. "Not.oiten." ' Owen's tone .was anything rather than encouraging, and Dr. Viret became Bilenc until they ieft the lych-gate. ' Is it tou much to ask what brought you out to-nigut?" he said. " Yea, Dr. Viret, 1 am afraid it is." Florence Opened the aour, and led Dr. Viret at once to Arnold. For a moment Owen nad seemed to hesitate, then with an air- ox determination tollowed her into tne dining- room. >. Get it over, doctor !" cried Arnold. " 1 know what it ineaus. Faiifoia wiu icnd a nand. Have you brought any. chloroloriu ? ' Dr. Viret placed -tne glass-stoppered bottle on the table beside the other articles. " Good man 1" Arnold exclaimed, with an air of relief. . Then Florence was sent away, and Dr. Viret immediately got to work ; and when the arm -was set, Owen helped Arnold into bed. " Bad for yon all, this," said the doctor, meeting Florence on reaching the hall again. " You haven't turned in yet — three o'clock, too. How's Ann ?" "Sue is dead," waB the reply. "She died at half-past twelve. It was terrible tu see her at the last, battling for power ot speech, as if she longed to say a few last words.". 0 wen folded his arms and turned away as her tears began to fluw afresh. . -7: " You're better alone," said Dr. Viret. " I'll come over to-morrow and. talk about Aun's funeral. ' Owen followed the doctor out of the house, and stopping at his own gate, asked abruptly, — ' ' W cat is to result from all this ?' "Derwent will nave to keep quiet a few weeks, aud be a little more abstemious." ' ' 1 meant rather regarding myself. Of course, I am sorry the man is hurt. I am | wondering whether he will make a noise about the affair." - , "He knows he brought it on himself," Dr. Viret answered. "If a man tried to euter my house, I should serve bun the same. Come, Tiger. Good-night, Mr Fair ford." Joe Bodger from the hayloft window saw Owen approach the door. During- the last two hours he had endured ail the paiua of Tantalus. He hud awaited anxiously the result of the encounter with the Mogfords, and been astonished to see the figure ru-enter the garden alone, and apparently unharmed ; still more astonished to see another dusky form dart in at the second gate, to hear sounds of a struggle, and Arnold's yell ot pain. Tnat tne cause of this proved to be Owen himself, instead of the woman, surprised him iess. A suspicion of something ot the kind had filled fiis mind for some time past ; but concerning the purpose of these nightly wanderings Joe remained as much iu the dark as ever. Although it was early morning when Florence retired to rest/she came downstairs only an hour later than usual, and looked up iu astonishment when Arnold entered the room before she finished bieanfast. Whilst Owen fetched Dr Viret last night, Arnold, iu short, disjointed sentences, gave lier a hurried account of his accident ; aud, wniist liardly blaming Owen for resisting his cousin s intrusion, it was entirely impossible to withnold her sympathy from the sufferer, whom, in fact, she had expected to be an invalid, keeping his room for several days. Perhaps Arnold stood higher in her regard this morning than since the first day or hiB return to Bookfield. " It gives me a twinge now and then," he said, answering her enquiries. " But I'm a bad hand at lyiug up. It took an hour to dress myself, ana you observe 1 haven't made a very good job of it yet." His coat, buttoned across the cheat, hung iike a cupe outside bis arms, his good- humoured race looked pale, and black patches were visible under his eyes. " Besides," he added, "I knew there was the funeral to see to. I say, Floy, you'll nave tu cut up my food. I'm like an iufaut, you know." Sue began to attend to his wants as he talked on. " To tell you the truth, I don't care to play second fiddle to Viret in everything. 1 like to have my say, and I don't see wliy I shouldn't. ' Where are you going to bury the woman? Good old Anu ! " "As the expense of the funeral will fall upon Dr Virec," the answered, "1 can't very well decide anythiug till I have seen nim this morniug." " It uoebn't co3t much to bury anybody," he insisted. Besides, there's tne grave all ready. You've only got to have it opened and pop Anu in.' " Mother's grave, yon mean ?'' " Ot course. What other could I mean, Floy?" 'But — but there is space for only one more coffin, Arnold ; and — aud if father should return " "My dear girl, he won't return, Prac tically the grave is mine, but I'll give up my uerth in it and welcome. What on earth is the good of going to the expense of another, when this is all ready ? " Notning could so surely betray Florence s conviction that she would never Bee her i at nor again. It sue had actually nourished even the faintest nope until now, surely liotniug would have induced her to yield to Arnold s suggestion ; but it seeuied to be just what the old faitnfui servant would have wished, and it wouid certainly save an outlay whicn must luevitaDly fall upon Dr Viret. Alter breakfast, whilst Arnold was re- eiimug upon the sofa, Dr Viret arrived, and, having examined the dressings, asked lor Florence. " I'uero'a Ann'a funeral to talk about," he said, ' and the sooner it's all settled the better." " It is all settled," Arnold replied. ' We talked it over at oreaklast, aud we re going to bury ner in tne lamily grave." " Wno suggested that?" Dr Yiret de manded. ' ' Come to that, I suggested it. The grave is practically mme, you know ;- and I offered it to Florence for Ann. It will save expense, and it seems tne natural thing to do." 'Natural — I don't see it. However," he added, "if your cousin wishes it that's enough." ' Here she is," said Arnold, as the door opened; " you can enquire for yourself.' Su you wish to lay Ann in your mother's grave?" ho asked, taking her proffered hand. " Yes, I thought so, Dr Yiret. If you see no objection." " I — none in the world. If it is really your wish. Only don t be ridiculous ; are yuu sure the question of money does not arise ? '' He appeared a little difficult to convince on this point, but at last the matter was decided, and Arnold drew a breath of relief. 'Enough of that," ho cried. "I say, doctor, 1 got brautifully sold last night, didn't 1 ?" " Yes, you scratched a Russian and found a Tartar. I suppose you 11 admit your blunder now. Upon my word, you made me believe a woman existed, too, between you," " I believe still, doctor." "H'ml you've pretty good reason for scepticism." " Oh," Arnold returned, " I admit I was a juggms. Instead of going qnietly to work, I put Fairford on his guard. Consequence, he thought he would hoodwink mo. He took advantage of the rain to hide his face with an umbrella, and went out himself, in stead of the woman, Oh, I can Eee through his little game." This explanation caused Florence not a little disappointment. If Lizzie had seen only Owen himself, there was not the least need to believe that he possessed a wife. Yet she could not set Arnold's suggestion entirely on one side, as she wished. After all, it seemed at least possible that some hint of the Mogford plot had reached his eare, and that he took those means to stifle the rumours which were now becoming pre valent in the village. And when Owen arrived that afternoon, she felt still un- decided what to think. It was a viBit she had half dreaded, half longed-for all day. Sorrow won't mend yonr cousin's broken bones," he Sjaid, "and it s not much use say ing 1 didn't intend to injure Mr Derwent. To a limited extent, 1 am afraid I did. Miss Derwent,'' he added graveiy, "I feel that you can't help a great deal of curiosity about — about " He paused in some embarrassment, and, alter a moment's hesitation, she looked frankly lip into his face. "1 nave felt — I do leel curious, intensely curious, Mr Fairford." " You must, I am sure you mnBt," he contmued; "yet i can't even attempt to satisy your curiosity. I have no explana tion to offer you — not a word ; and the worst of it is, that -to a certain degree I feel I nave deceived you." "Oh," she cried, " I could not aBSOoiate you and deceit, not for an instant." "Thank you." He spoke with evident fervonr, and then, after a short silence, added, — - " I know I am subjecting you to a severe strain, and only to satisfy my own egoism — nothing else, nothing in the world. But I want to ask you, Florence, for pity's sake don't judge by appearances, however con clusive they may seem." To her the moment was an intensely im portant one. There appeared a certain sanctity about this interview, aud she put aside the conventionality which would have' regulated their intercourse in an ordinary way. " I have never questioned, never doubted for a moment. Of course, I see yonr life is' shadowed by Borne mystery, by something very sad and painful. I — I only wish it, were in my power to help you." " You do help me," he answered. ' You help me by the very desire ; more than I can tell you, more than you will ever know. Yon give me the two thingB that are almoBt the sweetest in the world — your trast and sympathy. And," be added, drawing him-, self more erect than usual, "I think I deserve them." . He took his hat from the table and stood with it a moment in his band. Presently he drew closer, aud she heard hsr own heart beat as she waited, wondering what he would say next. But it was only good-bye, aud in another minute he had left her. ' CHAPTER XVII. news at last. It was Thursday morning, and the day fixed for Ann's funeral. Tne blinds were all drawn down at The Rookery, and the sun shone upon them hotly, and the flowers looked cheerful in the garden. Mindful of Florence's slightest wish, as usual, Dr Yiret bad volunteered to follow the old servant to the grave. There was none besides ; and she had gratefully assented. The funeral wa3 timed for one o'clock, and at half-past eleven Florence sat reading the morning newspaper, whilst Arnold lay wearily on the sofa, caressing his wounded arm, when the visitor's bell rang. To their astonishment, Owen pushed past the housemaid, and, unceremoniously enter ing, ignored Arnold, whom he had not seen since the night of the fracas, and walked quickly towards Florence." " I bring bad news !" he cried, evidently labouriug under intense excitement. " About father !" she faltered, blanching to the lipB, her face lookirg suddenly all eyes. " Mr Derwent's body is found." Arnold rose from the sofa, not at all quickly ; doubtless his broken arm made his movements more careful than they used to be. " Good Lord I ' he exclaimed. Florence sank back into her chair again ; her eyes qnite dry, a terrible, stricken ex pression in her face. "Where? where!" she gasped, barely able to form the words. " Tell me quickly ; let me hear the worst. I can bear it." "Iu — for God's sake be brave', Florenco," Owen continued, — in your mother's grave." As he leaned over her she bent forward, and whilst her eyes seemed to protrude, and her lips were parted with horror, tightly gripped Osven'a left arm. " 1 was passing the churchyard, " he con tinued hurriedly, " and seeing a crowd, entered. The coffin lay beside the grave, its lid just being replaced." "Why — why did they take it off?" she cried. Arnold was pacing up and down the room., Tho most casual observer might have per ceived that the news wnich filled her with horror affected him very differently. His handsome, good-humoured face wore a look of elation ; his excitement was obvious, " On opening the grave just now," Owen explained, "Mogford saw that the upper most coffin bad been tampered with, aud Sent for Sergeant Cadman. In the sergeant's presence he removed the lid ; it was held only by four screws. Instead of your mother s corpse, he saw Mr Derwent's. "At any fate," cried Arnold, "the mystery is solved at last," ; Sne nuticed him fur the first time since Owen's arrival, and nis attitude tilled ner witn disgust and abhorrence. Even at this moment, so awful lor her, he could tamk only of his own advantage ! Alas 1 a great falling off from the cousin ui her imagination, " Tnat is all 1 know," Owen said quiCkiy, as if to slur over the ocner's eunduct. " They were going to brmg tne coffin here. 1 was atraia lest you should see it uupre- parea — " But mother 1' Florence murmured, " my darling motner ! what have tuey done witn her ? vVheie have tney stolen ner tu ? On, it is awfui ? — worse tnau any one uoulu have imagined ! it is baroaruUB 1 It must be the wurk of some ghoul !" W hilst she spoke, in all ner earliest agony of mind, aud in the terror which the news inspired, the tramp of heavy feet was heard wituuuc, and, with a glance at her ashen face, Owen opened the dour and .left tne roum. " I told you Uncle Roderick was dead," cried Arnold irrepiessibly, "1 would nave Bworn to u. Well," ne addeu, repeating himself, "ill's all cleared up now, at any rate." " Cleared up 1 It is a thousand times more mysterious than ever," she retoited. "Cleared up I Will it ever be cleared up? Wno ouuldnava murdered lather, desecrated mother s grave !" Silence followed, broken only by her quickly drawn breath, tne ticking of tne macs marble clock on tne mantelpiece, and Arnold's restless pacing back and forth. Even at this moment his movements irritated her, and she longed to bid him be still. Then he stopped. Florence held her breath, and it migut have been her fancy, but a deeper silence seemed to fail upon tne room. Sne could hear in another minute footsteps on the stairs, as of men labouring with a heavy burtnen; then silence agaiD, till the dour opened to admit Owen. " I nave taken many liberties," he said, coining to her Bide ; ";i have been ordering your servants about as if they were my own. The coffin has been carried upstairs." " To his own room ?" " 1 thought you would prefer that." Already she was upon on her feet. " Wilt it be allowed to rest even there !" she exclaimed. "I must see him, Mr Fair ford." He opened the door immediately. Any one who knew her must be aware that a strong will underlay her ordinary gracious manner. The coffin, stained just as it was taken from the grave, stood upon three chairs at the foot of tne bed, and Arnold on one side, Florence on the other. Owen lifted its lid and rested it against the dressing-table. She looked down upon the dearly loved face. Unthinkingly, Bne had expected to see it as in life, or at the worst, pale and placid, as her mothet's had been when she saw it the last time. But it was Arnold who seemed the most' deeply affected by tbe ghastly reality. The shock to hiB system caused by his broken arm may have had much to do with tnis, isince Monday he had not been like himself, and whereas his cousin merely shndaered and covered her lace with her hands, he staggered backwards, and would have fallen if Uwen had nut come to his aid. "Like a woman, am I not?" he said, a minute later. " 1 used to be aecuscomea to the Bort of thing, too, at Sebastian's. It almost turned me np, though, and no mis take." Once outside the door, Owen turned to Florence. " Yuu must not Btay here," he urged. "In this house, 1 mean." Oh, come, that's all rot 1" Baid Arnold, as they re- eutered the dining-room. ' " Be sides " But Owen took no notice of his inter ference, and, amidBt all her grief, Florence liked to leel that a strong man Was acting lor her. "Dr Viret is eager to receive you," he urged again. "Lot me take you thereat ouue." For a few momenta she hesitated, Arnold eagerly watching her. But alter what sue hau seen ot mm tu-aay, his presence lurmed an aduitional reason for her exodua,' and presently sue ieit tne room tu get ready. "i Bay," said Arnold, "it strikes me yon take a precious lot upon yourself, Fairford. However, I can forgive yon a good deal for bringing the news." Florence could not leave home, for ever as she believed, without many a pang ; yet she felt she could not remain whilst her fathers corpse was there, and her cousin rejoicing at its uiscovery. - . She bade Arnold good-bye, barely touching his proffered hand, and accompanied Owen across the garden and along the quiet road. " Your cousin thinks I have taken; ratner too much upon myself," he said. - "I hope you don't share tnat opinion 7" V No," she answered. "Ism very grate ful." " Scarcely another word passed, bnt when thoy drew near the churchyard, he quietly luted;, her right arm and placed it upon his left. . , . A small throng' had gathered, there about tne grave, and he increased the pace until they entered Dr Viret's ledge gateB. The doctor was crossing tne hail as they came to the door, and directly he opened it, astonished to seeFiorence and Owen together, she tan towards him. "They have found father !" she' cried. "Found his body, and— and' brought it home." Fur a moment the news seemed to take his Dreath away, tue next he was leading ner into the laboratory. , Not waiting to be questioned, in her excitement she soon told tne rest. "He lay in mother's coffin," she said, breattnesily. " Ob, Dr Viret, where have they taken my darling mother ? ' It was tnis wniuh shuuked ner so cruelly, almost more deeply than the confirmation ui her worst fears concerning her father : that htr 'mother should have been spirited away. " Have you seen the body ? " Dr Virec asked, after Owen bad given further parti culars. " Yes, I have seen it," she replied. "I felt I must see it. But it is nut father — I uaunut realise that it is my father. It frightened mc. But, Dr Viret, tell me what they have done with her ? W here have they taken my mother ? " - Dr Viret rested a hand tenderly upon hef shoulder, and, turning to Owen, looked significantly into his face. Ithouguc it better Miss Derwent shonld not remain at Tne Laurels," Owen said. " Unless there is anythiug I can do " "About this woman's funeral," exclaimed Dr Virei. " Time ie getting on. Someone ought to follow her. N o use asking Derwent, aud I can't go now. You see, my dear," he' added, turmug again to Fiurenue, " there will be an inquest ; most likely to-morrow. Somebody must be present on yuur behalf. Edwarae, of course. Tnere is no time to write ; barely time to travel to London, aud reach his office before it closes. I must catch the next train. But who is to follow Ann ? " - Florence did not like ths idea of the old servant being laid in the earth and no mourner present to pay the laBt mark of reBpect, and in her perplexity looked appeal- iugly at O wen, who, instantly perceiving her wish, set forth to obey it. After summoning his housekeeper, a tiny woman of sixty, with white hair and a faded looking face, but gentle, kindly manners withai, and leaving Florence to her care, Dr Yiret quickly iollowed Owen from the house. On his way to tho station, he stopped at tho village post-office, and despatched a telegram to Mr Edwards : — ' Derwent's body found. Coming to con sult you." Then he strode towards the station, and was soon on the way to London. (To bo Continued). 