SEALED ORDERS OK THE TRIPLE MYSTERY XMi Story is written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Gblel Inspector Brynea, of the Hew York Polios. CHAPTER XXXII. i firrsaiiAB sob ah sous. Kick was aa quick M • ot and as Simple. Ee had worked np to -tiuit point with great care, txonigtiat the Bpvuud was aa wflyea a man cmld be, and it would oaly be by the most carefully worked Ftratagem that he e-rnld throw hiin foe an instant eff his guard. But the ft Ian worked. The instant that Navarro turned his heart fee detective bounded forward. Twelve tect vu not much ct m leap c for Mm, particularly wben every muscle fa Ida body had been preparing for the Spring. Before Navarro ewll mcwer and raise liia weapon Nick send him. With one quick jerk he threw tha Spaniard upon the floor; and placed one nee upon mi breaet. *'There!" he said. "The tables arc tnmed. It is I, not yon, who will make tpT" 1 " now. Navarro's face vrse white with rage. Nick earefnl'y seartAed Us captive for weapons, finding only a long deader dag besides the revolver wilh which he been ao Istely threatened. "Now get np," he «aid, rising h'mwlf. " Ton axe no match for ms. Mister Man, ao take my advice and ait over there, a*d keep quiet while I finish my work." Hanaro me slowly to ins fecit and treat to the chaw indicated- * " Are yon a detective t" "Ten bet I ami one & the best load, too. I detect where silver .acd gold and precious stones are bp*, and then when I have fennd out, I go and get than. If I had given it to yro straight about ay bBrinera here when you had the drop on me you'd have shot me oB-btsd—°h? Thats why I told yon the ghost story aboat the detective business. S se ?" An expreesiom of genuine relief crowed file face of Manuel Nsvarro when Nick ceased specking. Bnt he only said— "Tea. I think I would." "How," ejid Hick; going stfll closer to blm and holding the dagger uacomfo'tably near to the Spaniard's throat, " where ate those diamonds t" "What diamonds f" "The ones I csme here ta«st." "OhI Then 70a expected to fiad diamonds np here, did yon f "Yes." "Bah! I have no diamonds in the hoireeexoeptthe one camy finger. Do, 700 Nick preteadsd to look purr'od- " I got it straight from my pal," he said, " that yen had a lot here in this room.'" "Well, your pal lied to yon." "Did he f IU see about that" yioh pleased the dagger atig closer, nntil the point tonohed Kavarro's neck. "XeU me where they are, or 111 hnrt yon," be said. The Spaniard remained unmoved. "If you should cut my throat," he raid, "it sreulddoyounogood. I have nothing is this room of the eOghteet value." "Oh. yon ha vent, ehf Well, yon seemed to attach a lot of v⪇ to that roll of psper on the desk. I ll have a look at that before I go. Maybe 111 take it with mp, and make yon redeem it" "D* It would give me an excellent chance to catch yon later on." "Anybar, I'll fast go through yon." He made no haete to search the peket when be believed that Navarro earii-ad the aub xing, bnt presently he reached it in bis seardh, and found it—aenpty, except for tha watch which had kept it company. For a moment he believed that Jfivarro had found another place in whloh to secrete the ring, bnt as he was about, t) oeasa in in his efforts tc find it he felt the presence of another pocket behind the one he had been searching. It was made of chamois ekin,ond was simply pinned to the gannint on the inside. The detective -very deftly removed it, asd inside he found two rings—the one that Navarro had shown to him that afternoon, and the one which Chick had taken from Navarro's pocket jin the Hot»l the previous day. "Humph be said. "What are these P " Binge," replied Navarro, santentioudy. " 831 see; not mnch good, either. This one may be woith something, thongh," he added, holding np the one which so greatly, interested him. "I think 111 keep it, anvbow." Navarro shrngged bis shoulders. "How much do you think it's worth?" he esid. "Oh, a hundred, majbe." "Tell yon what 1 11 do," sud Niok. " HI take these two rings aid the watch. When you get ready to-pay meaai'cven thousand for the less jost pot a iinein the columns of the Star. ." Oh, you needn't answer," he oontinned, aa Navarro still remained silent. " I "can wait, and watch the Star, -teo, A new way ct studying astronomy, eh t" " I irish I had ycu where yen were when I caught you here," muttared Kavaxxo/Us eyes gleaming with rage. "Wo doubt—ao doubt 1 But thes yen haven't. See t" " I'm going now," he said. " I'm going to lock you is this room, and yoa caa ring the bell and have someone Jet you out when I am gone. Don't forget that little faot about the thousand dollara and the Star." There w&s; the regular leek in the door, below the Tale lock that Navarro bad cansed to be put in, and as Niok torn the room and 'lceed the door Mm, be turned the key on the outaide, and burned down the steps and cut into the street. As he gained the sidewalk he raised his eyes towards the windows ol the room he had left. fast as he did co Ktvairo threw up one of the sasheF. Then there came a sodden fltih «»v1 tca pavement 'OHAPlBE XXStU. IK bTHai/s ^OOM. THB'^cletiftetive Uy ^betched upon &e; ptrdrae&tinfroQt; of the louse of Kanuel Nwrsrto,«ta»d :fee -w4s to aU ^ceuaece dev 1 . ^obody eeemed to have hesrd the -pistol shot, or if it was heard noattenUon was paid to it. Htmad the QSBW^WUIB iailft1Sfci.yt lllllhiilil UVIIIW Jiaalli NWIUUUJIKFHNQ aifc. 11 r. 1 1 thefaaiftftiylWliaiii- ...- i-^.,... He was walUi%qe<tMy,f *nd ^be had gtgbac^^witar abgudred^t^f^ he started forwsrd,but (ai — but (M^ti ^dld pa the frent doer at »>vaarAl«*|wRe4 ••• -—^itmsmW 7 One lev ""rrled Ua aowaFlhe stepr, Bd lw reached the body npon the eideuk several seconds before the effiser did 1. "OE«er!" he tzoUimed, "come here!" ,cltser was appnachinz as rapidly a be eoaa.^a in -a fefent more they both b< nt ostrhiin. " Ir he «ead «r ckfl^dntbk r-iaonoded the polioPMJau. " Neither," returned Navarro. "He is a brttfn-. IduftUin?' Tim shot him." : Tee, from the upper window. He bad held* dagger at myVhroat for an hour.be haataksfltay Vtanablee, ana then he locked me in my room. There was a revolve*' In; my deek, and when be wimt away I ft' Tben I opened the window, and wuted cn'Q be came ont- Lsok! I will prove what I say. Put your hand in the right side pocket of bis coat asd you will find my watoh and two Tings " Then, while the rfficerKnap&ea;, Nkv*cro de*Gribei the jewellery. But tiie policeman bad no sooner examined the trinkets than Navarro stretched cnt bis hud and took tiiea from bim. *'Officer, hwe*8 ccm^hing tn temeinbar kb by. Ton know who I am. I live in Manager. this honse. Now thai; I have Becured my property I would rather let the man go than to trte the trouble to appear against him." He plaoed a good^ised neteinthepolicenaafe and turned awsy. " Leave 1dm there," hie sud. "He will revive presently, and Uie& 'we will both ferret aQ about it." Navarro tamed and hastily ro-entered the home. The cffiier hedtated a memwt, thai, noticing -that the fctippostd burglar was isnr^ly revivirg he oast en g<aace«t the substantial sum be bad reoeived from -Navarro, and he <ilsa turncd and retiaoed bis Btept towards SeveBteenth-street^ As coon as bis back was turned Nick cp?brd bis eyes. He had been 00m c tons daring the latter part of the conversation, and he knew why Navarro did not c\re to appear in court. "Ha would be obliged to exhibit the das'," mused Nick,"and he doesn't want to do that." H« p'acad one hand to bis bead,' and drew it away again. There was blood npea it Still the wound was only a gtti s. Thui, glancing hastily around, he rose to hia feet, and hurried away. Hi lost no time in getting baok to bis •putnentB in the Portland, and there be quickly reassumrd the disguise of the Brazilian mine-owner. tt was then S o'clock in the morning, bnt he knew that the ball at Biohard Gray's wonld be in full blast, and he realised that he must be seen there, for he argued that Navarro would surely return to that place before mmisg. Tan wound on his head he had hastily dressed, when altering bis disgui«e. It •marted somewhat, but beyond that gave him no Jneonvenienoe. Almost the first parson whom he saw, when ha entered, was Chick, who was already serving in the otpvfitry of valet to Siobaxd Gray. By a sign, imperccp^ibla to others. Chick made his superior understand that he haij something to tell him. Hen he came toward and t5ok the difecct.ve's hat and cost. Wait for me here, Chick, whispered N'ck; "I must pay myreeptcto btfjre attend to anything else." « Very well, but hasten It is important. I will wait for yon in the lib:ary." ' God!' replied Nick. Taen he hurried away, and was SOCHI in the ballroom. With oae glares he swept the roam noticiog who was thera. Ha saw Eunice Gray in a diatkat corner, and stsndiag jiear her, his feoa imiling asd s*rene, was'Manuel Navarro. " Ah I" mattered t&a; detective, "he even quicker than I. I wonder how he happened to go to Ids home at jest the right time f" Doctor Jertms he saw deep in conversa- 1 in «rilh *he host, bnt Bthel for whom be looked earnestly, was not to be seen. * Where is sha t" he nm»»d. I vocdsr it that pistol-shot I beard this morning kaskagthsr from^the .^SJ^iJ^^,'^^ mn about." He was on the point of ret tiro leg and «nf»Hpg Chick in tha libra-y. having bowed to his host across the mom, when he aaw Navarro hastening towards him. " Ah, Hr Oarter." he sud, gnna'ly, and with that enigmdiosl smile npw his faoe, "yru ace late at the festivities." " Tea, rather. And you f" "Ob, I was also late. I have been engaged is deadly combat I have been fighting with a burglar " "A burglar I Dear me I Here in this housef "Ob, no! in ray own; and. wcedd yon bdieve it, ba neaily got away with that prccicna ring of mine. I am going to put it in a safety deposit vault in the morning." • I wou'-d; it ucim to ba unlncky. What did you do with the barglar f *• I shot him." It was raid very coolly, and to -anyone else than Niok Carter, who knew the truth <tf the occurrence, the cold wordi would have been startling. He only laughed in a low tone as he said— " Then he probably will not burgle any inore. Excuse me, I most make mjvelf known to our host" Certainly- Don't forget that yon dine with me to-night." Niok hurried to Mr Gray, shook hands with him, bowed to the doctor, esid a few pleasant nothings to those who stood near them, and then, seising the first opportunity that offered, tnide bis way to the library, where he found Chick impatiently waiting. Welir" said Nick. Come with ma, quick I" was the reply. " We have time yet, I think." " Time for what f" " Timi to arrest the person who murdered Brayton Boasell/' eail Ohick, halting and faring him. "That is, if she has sot yet gone.'* " 8he! Gone) What do you mean t" I msaa that Ethel Gray is a murderess I I mean that she hss laid her plans far flight, and that she has just gone to her nun to complete her arrangement? when you came in. II yen had nat oome I should have arrested her myself s I iras Waiting for y<nu Come «n l" " Where f "To her room!" Ch'ck did not wait so that the detective eonld qu-'stios "himfnrthor, but started awaj through the hall and np the stairs to the door cf the same room where Ethel had that mouing bjen taken after the pistol-ebot Bmchisg the door be rapped softly. There was so answer, and he tapped again. Still no answer. AU was eilest within, and nothing but the strains of a wsliz which flmted np to them from the banroc m cocld be heard. '-Try the door!' said Nick. Chiok touched the knob. It turned easily in bis hand, and he psshed the door open. Then both started back, with a -cry of horror, for -the sight which "they taw on the^ floor before them ma enough to startle the bravest men. CBAPXEB XXXIV. THB TRKSHOWH TIOTOC. Teat which caused the two detectives tc start back with euch suddtnnssa, at thej cpaned the 'door which led jnto the ivnt. occupied by £tbel Gray, was the body ct» woman, lying prone opon her bsiik on *h> fiior, with her -arms etnstobed to th' fuUrat extent in oppoiite iditeetadns, asc her face, whioh tmifht -<onoe >bav« beebeautiful, distorted • -almost bey on' recognition. . After «ne. -niflainUioB -iol -alarn' ^nich eectpad' bcthihen- eirattUauiacnuly, Nick-seised fa!s~*srisBta£ bytheana,-anc in a low voina cried— "Hiihl NGta BOimd I" Thm,*tai teddmg -ChlUr tightly fa hii Criup,'tw soiled him fate ^ths TOO(s;auc dosM'theSobr behttidthem. Not a eound-yst," he said. withmsP » Ibey ilrew tiaarerto the^body ct the d oddiedMlh.- The facewaswbaage to eachof them. Neither was conscious of ever having eem it b<fore. Niok drew nearer to the body, and bent ovrrit It was that of a wrmw who was young. Bnt it was-hard fo VU Irom the-dwterfea b features whether die was twenty yean of a?e br ten years older. c The fatal blue marie on her throat told bow deAtirhad been induced, asd the exprearion of supreme auffadsg which lingered yet upon her features was enffioient evidenoeot the awful means naed to tear her soul from its fleshly habitation. Her attire, while fashionably made, was not of the richest material, snd. pnttang these two facts together, Niok Siv to the conolnsion that the dead woman had •trained her income is order to keep upon s plane to which ehe aspired acd strugglingly dang. Only a few pieoes of jewellery appeared on her psraon, and they were modest and inexpensive. A momentary examination aaticfiad both men that ehe was quite dead. They were fuither convinced that but a short time elapsed sinoe the commission of the crime, lor the body was yet warm. The room ia which the body was found was upon -the -sacond fix* of the honse, and the windows open upon the yard at Uteside. The murderer could net have entered or 3sft £hB room by the windows without the aid-of a ladder, or at least by leaping to the ground in going away. "Kither of these 'expedients must have left their treoea behind," was Nick's mental ocmaent, aa he examined more attan lively the body that lay stretched out feefrra b.m. -Naturally a host of question! cconrzcd to him instantly, but be dfrmissed than all, until he could gather every fragment of midenos that the room afforded. He knew well that it would not do far him. Nicholas Carter, mine-owner, to be found in that room, without first having tfirsn the alarm. : Such an event would bctzay bis real eharaoter instantly, and now, more than ever, he wished to keep ita eecret A quick examination of the body sufficed him for the knoment All that could be learned there the first glance had told him, and that was that the strange young woman had bees strangled by a hum in band. How she got •here, acd why she hsd been so foully murdered, were alike mysteries which there was then so time to He searched for a pocket in her gown and found it When he drewforth his hand, it 00Bt*Sn«d a pock<A-b»k end « bnnch of letters tied together by a piece cf pink cord. Tha letters he quickly ttanef erred iohis own packet Then he opened the portemoonaie. It contained * few bills whloh he did not disturb, and a l<ok of short, dark, wavy bur. The look cf hair followed the letters into his own pocket, and then he returned the pookat-book to the place where had found it On the third finger of the left hand was a plain gold bsad. With instant decision, the detective drew eff the ring ind also dropped it into his pocket Be was -about to mivo away when he saw, gloaming upon her throat the flash of a jewel he bad not before noticed. Bending forward again, he found the half t>f a golden locket, but it contained nothing except a tiny wi»p of hair ol the same hue and character as that which he bad taken from the p-cket book. . The fragment was secured to Vcr prrssn by a stODt gold chain ab -ot her neck. He -searched diligettt'.v for the other hsll Of the lootet; bn l . it oould not be found. It required but a moment to detach the chain, sad pat it, with the half cf the locket, the ring, Utters, and lock of htlr, in his pocket Then be tuned away and gave bis attesti-js to the appsarsnoaot the room. The bureau and drawers were op»n, and their contentsbwe evidence cf having been tumbled about in mid haste. Articles of clothing, evidently taken from the closets, were eeattend about the -"»»»«;--oTmniign-ij-icg at-nrai sueoted t>y some one were afterward hastily discarded as unnecessary or cumbersome. Tn one corner o* the room was a bed- It looked as though somebody bad lately used it for a couch, and had hastily risen, for one of the pillows was on the floor aad iu the very centre was the imprint ot a foot, yet left among the yielding down. The gas was blazing brightly from three burners, and the room was as light as Qhnninatian oould make it. On the little table which stood near the head ot the bed a bottle of ink had been overturned, and the ink had run along the polished table-top nntil, reaching the edge, it hsd slowly dro^psd to the moquette carpet beneath. What was particularly noticeable, was that it was still dropping. Slowly, to be sure, bnt yet in motirn, showing that not many minutes could have elapeed sisce it was overturned. The windows cf the room bad not been moleeted. Both were fastened on the inside, and the murderer had oome and gone by the door which opened into the main halt All theee faots the detective noticed in mash less lima than it reqniree to relate From the tone wh*a he entered room until he left it, only a few m^wnnit* dapsad. "Oome, Chick," he said. •< We can do no note here, now." -The doOr was rc-opened cautiously, and both men listened for the sound tbat might be made by any one approaching. Tfcen they went out into the ball, ^lireing the door carefully behind them.and hurried toward the stairs. " To the library, lad," said the detective, and he hunijddjwn the stairs, leading the way. (To It Continued.) 