llltsil. (Il" A. L) I know not your fads nor your fancies, ,ur your lavorite mdnu, bu just by way of diversion, I have sent you-a- Irish stew. PI'llusophy, fact, and football, All jumbled in one small dish, but I'm sure you'll find something to suit you, If only you carefully fish. 'lis a bit of ad.-ice for the laddies, The Iladghi." and ialJi o. ui, ln.i, But if llrooadfi d holds ally .ew \\\V'unmen, They too may partake with the boys. Tue young Australian is essentially a spa rtloving biped. Climate and cir oUlnstaI:ce have t combined to develop this tase for outdoor exercise. The warnmth and geniality of Old aof tempts our young people out of doo s. WVho cauln sit lo oning over dep ession when aIture is caroll ug her sweetest Olng whlen the bircs ire sinrgir.u for very gladness--when flower, slttub, and tree whisper joyful y-when the earth is green and the sky is b ue - and when over all tilhe fairy Hop, spreads her silvery wanld ? Not the colonial youth. ioe casn understand Coleridge, who, when describing a day of regal sp endour er:claimued Blest hour, it was a luxury to be. The fascinating pessimism of Byron loses for awhile its churto. Not now can be appreciated the genius which asserts 'Tis something better not to be. With pulses ting.ing, with heart aglow, and with every ner.o throbb,ng with vigorous life, the lad feels that lie must bowl, kick, barrack-or explode. Carlyle once described man as an "orl nlivorous biped who w ars breeches. ' To add a little ti his dignity we will speak of him as a being possessing nuuscles, brains, and conscience-in other words, an ego with a body, a mind, and a spirit. Tu: main duty of this ego is develop ment. If he devote all his attention to one part of himself, the remaining parts mun-t of nece-sity become weakened through inaction and lack of use. lie has, as it were, to fu nislh a house in which there are three rooms. If all his time is spent in beautifying o.o rouse, the remaining chambers will be untfur nislhd and neglected. The well-balanced man is the most useful man. As an illustration, a literary genius is often a practical fool. Carlyle, though an intellectual giant, could not suiebr his thoughts to be latter rupted by reference to the orditnary details of life. He rived in his irt.elleet, Kingusley, on the other hand, was n .t so great as Carlyle, but, being better balanced, exerted a mightier lers tial influence. Hence, we see that when all the energy of a man's nature is concen trated on one point, the remaining par:s -the weaker parts-naturally becttne weaker through lack of cultivati. ut. Tihe man who has endeavored to equalise his developmient has best fulfilled the end of his existence. While we recognise the necessity of outdoor spost and exercise for the yunlg Australian, we fear that his tendency' is to devote too much time to his muscles and t.o little to his brains. The average lad thinks but of tue pleasure ot the moment, and fails to see that mental capital will yi Id bhin compound interest in Ituure yeas.. tUy-and-bye sport w.ll lose its chlarm, end if no a:quaintance has been miiade with the book friends of the century and the past, there will be loneliness and 0saness in store. No one can be termed lonely who has acquired a love for mental pursuits, Often whent human companioinship is unavailable, a love for science or literature will ballis dull care, and make thes tiume pans pleasantly and proutitably. Athletics have received attention in all ages. The Greeks and Itouans \- sought to forget the worries of lif, in public sports, and trained their sons to take part' in gladiatorial consiats. The Japanese set apart and train their finest men to be wrestlers for the amusement of the populace. The shroed Yankee longs for the winter, that he may precipitate himself onil the ice and perform acrobatic feats to the music of the sleigh bells ; while the Australian succumbs to the old but over new fascination of football and cricket. The lad who is not suf ticiently " up to date "to kick, barrack, or yell, when a spltndid score has been gained is dubbed a fool, and lit only for the enchanting I-aunts of Kew. Now we have not the ghost of a groan to utter against either.of these nal renal .?alnCs. -_llg?,l u _ý - U;..?, ... rt e strengthened and lungs expanded, if our boys are to be heaihy and strong. A Eound mind without a sousd bony is comparatively valueless. The casket nuost be taken care of in order t',-t the gem within be niot destroyedtl, but care siould be taken that the casket receive not all tihe attention, while the'tre:tasuro withlin remains unpolish d and neg lected. After all the body is not t,.e man, but only the vhilicln throughl whichl thu reaU expresses himself. A man possessing a sound bodtly, minrus a strong and well-informed lumind is apt to become an object of ridicule lo his fellows; Let the young Australian devote his time prop.rtionately to miuscular and mental developmen., and we hliave no fear for his future. A wri.er for an English paper, recently remarked-' I have no f.ar for the oung man whlo turns his attention to intellectual pursuits-his time will be to., well tmployed for hins to take part in the profligacy so rampant in our midst." As australians, we are proud of our country, and naturally look forward with patriotic enthusiasm to the tirne whtln we shall be ranked amnong the great nations of the earth. As yet we htoe no history. \\\We cannot speak of mighty battles whbich have been fought on our shores of conquerors who have iammor.alsed their names by their prowess, of ph.lioophlers and poets who have d?t.wt their first breath in our nlative land. We have no honary legends, no folk lore, no colossal ruins, pointing with skeleton finger to by-gone great ness. An antiquarian would find nothing to interest him in Australia, save the wild beauty of our everlasting hills. We have great possibilities in front of us. We live in a land of resource and of freedom ; and in the laws and hist:ry of England we find object lessons for our guidance. Our future history dep,ends entirely on ourselves. \\\lat shall it be I Surely we will not be content to produce the champion cricketer or the premier footballer of tLu world. d e are a I more or less inclined to hero worship, and love to encircle our favorites with the halo of renown. Let us see to it that we place the garland on the right head. Remember the great nations of the earth are watching us, and judge our worthl by the men who pose as our ideals. Let us aim high. The premier cricketer should be-respected, providing as a tman, he is worthy of iespect, but let us not give him the honor due to the Ietn who have founded our laws, and made our statutes, and who have given their deepest thought and highest powers to our country's advancement. Let us aim high as individuals. Statistics tell us thai the population of the world to-day is fifteen hundred millions. This vast multitude is made up of separate units, and each unit adds its quota to the weal or woe, the advancement or retrogression of the world. The majestne and beautiful coral reefs of the ocean were built by tiny an's, and the great unwritten history of our country will depend epon the indivi dual actions of our people. Let our brys seek to beceom. mein of mind, men of int. rt worth, men ewhoml the future Anustidian will be proud to own as his predecessors. There is one element connected with our national sports which is greatly to be deplored-viz, gambling. Not con tent with its power on the racecourse, it has entered our footbah and crkiket fields, and has stolen the first flush of beauty from the moral sense of many lads. Like the germs of a pestilence, it has entered our camp before we were aware of its approach. The breath of this monster is fetid with poison, and, like toe deadly serpent, its trail is pregnant with death. Charles Kingsley once said, " Of all vices, gambling is the one I hate most, ant have avoided most. Of all habits, it grows most on eager minds. Success amnd loes alike mnake it grow. Of all habits, it is the most intrit:sically savage, Ih I ever much civi ised men. may give way to it. His tonically it has beeni the excitement of the lowest brutes in human forfor ages past. Morally it is unclivalrous and unchristian " What a pity that this vice thin. shoulid spoil our noblest sports and turn innuocent amusemlents into a source of inischief. Let our yo.ng Australians decide that they will have nothing to do with this evil, and our national sports will remain pure. Goodnight I I am getting sleepy, So I won't write any more, But will put aside my pen and ink, And bid them " au revoir." You.have listened very kindly To my little homily, I thank you very much-and now I'll have a cup of tea. But I'd like to say in passing, Ere the next contest begins, That I hope t'will be fine weather, And that ltroadford boys wall win. 