THE GOLDEN ROCK. All Queensland Riohts RbsebyxdJ SENSATIONAL ADYEHTDRE STORY. By ERNEST GLANVILLE, Author of "The Lost Heiress," " Tho Fair, Colonist," "ThoFoesiokors,"&o.;, 0. CHAPTEE IX,— Contintud.) They had been hard at work for an fiour when a oonfused babble of voices was heard from the port, and shortly after they saw a shaft of light shoot into the sky and glance aoross the harbour. It was the flash light from the' little fort, and no doubt revealed the absence of steamer and coal barges. Presently thoy heard the beat of engines — a Bteamer's light appeared round the point. 'Show a light, Mr. Webster. We don't Want to be run down.' A red light was hung out over the Btern. ' Keep on with your woTk,' shouted the captain, as the men paused to watoh the progress of the steamer. ' Carambo 1 Senor Capitaine, what in the devil's name is the meaning of this ?' shouted a deep voice from the steamer in furiouB accents. 'Quienes?' \- 'Demonios! Colonel Alvaro, Com mander of the Port. What mean you by moving off like a thief in the dark ? It is an offence against Portugal and the laws.' Captain Pardoe laughed. ' I am merely taking coal foi whioh I am willing, to pay. Will you receive the money P ' Yea,' Baid a strange voice, ' I repre sent the coal company.' There was an altercation on hoard tbe tug, for such it proved to be. ' I protest, Colonel Alvaro. When I have received payment yon may do what yon like. Lower a boat..' Colonel Alvaro gave way, the boat was lowered, and a young Englishman stepped on board, who was immediately taken below, where he made a good bargain. 'Now, oaptain,' ha said, after securing a roll of notes, you have aoted in a high- banded manner, and it is no business of mine to help. you, but the sooner you move tbe betti-r. The warship Experanzu has been signalled, and will bo here m half an hour.' ; ' Thank yon,' said the captain, with a grim smile, ' we can look after ourselves, Mr. Webster, release the soldiers, and let them return with these gentlemen ' Webster did so, and could not forbear chaffing Lieutenant Gobo. ' Wo are no mntoh for you, lieutenant, in resource, but you see we are having our own way.' ' Matre de Lies,' pried the lieutenant, grinding hie teeth, ' yon will pay for tbis, you base pionrn,' and he . shot a vengeful glunce at Webster and Hume, who stood cloBe by, their faces blaok with coal dust. The tug waited for its boat, then steamed away towards the harbour at great speed, Colonel Alvaro and Lieutenant Gobo ehouting a string of 'threats as to what they would do on thoir return. \- Mr. Diokeon reported that the bnnkera were filled. ' Staok a row of nooks along the sides, and have them lashed. Get a fail head of team up. Mr. Webster, cost thia boat off from the port side. Soon the steam from the escape pipe set up its shrill clamour. The captain mounted to the bridge, and with his night glass fixed to his eye searched the mouth of the harbour. ' See that row of lights, captain,' said Miss Laura. ' A steamer just entering the harbour,' ' And there is another'light moving.' ' That is the tug whioh was here. Is there muoh more coal left, Mr. Webster?1 1 About fifty sacks, sir, I should say.'. 'Whip them in then. All firemen get below.' He approached the tube. ' Stand by, Mr. Engineer !' The steamor that had just entered the harbour put out her lights, bnt there wsb a glow from her funnels which revealed her movements, as it grew rapidly brighter. 'All aboard!' shouted the captain. Cast off the barge !' The man olambered from the barge, and the unwieldly craft was shoved away. ' Full speed ahead !' The water was lashed by the sorews, the Swift vibrated like a living thing, and shot away, leaving the barges rocking on the swell sho had kioked up. ' Surely, captain,' said Miss Anstrade, ' that steamer is following us ?' ' She is, Miss Laura, euro enough. It is the Brazilian ship, Esperanza, Captain ' Hoe Juarez.' ' Juarez,' Baid the girl, in a startled whisper. 'O, Santisaima Maria,' she added, with a passionate cry, ' that treaoherous dog, tbe murderer of my brother, Cuptaiu Pardoe, you must not fly. Mr. Webster, listen to me.' 'Laura, my dear girl,' said Mr. Cam ming, laying his hand on her arm. She shook him off with an angry gesture, and turned her flashing eyes on the captain, while her bosom heaved. Some of the men had heard her ory, nnd stood near the bridge. ' Men,' she said, in quiok, excited tones, ' hear me. That is a Brazilian warship behind. It is commanded, by a man who has done mo most fearful wrong. You are Englishmen, and I ask you -I ' ' Enough, madam,' whispered Pardoe, sternly. Then, raising his voice, ' Clear thedeoka for action.' The quartermaster's shrill whistle rang out in immediate response, and in reply a flume of fire leapt out from tho darkness stern, followed by tho screeohof a shell. 1 CHAPTER X. Puhsued. , .The Swift was a formidable' fighting hip, though built to taokle the midgets of the sea — the 130-foot torpedo boats. She had no torpedo tube in the stem, which had been strengthened for ram ming; but she carried two tubes at the stern; one 4-inoh quick-firing gUD, two 6-pouhders forward, and two 12-pounders on pedestals. Including tho officers thero were 20 men to. work the ship and guns, and- a stall of 10 firemen and engineers, Tbe seamen wore pioked men, tempted by high pay, and all of them showed the \- unmistakable stamp of striot training and discipline. T.hey wore, in faot, ,men of the Naval Reserve, reoruited . by the quartermaster — herd, weathor-beaton, ' and, except when off duty, still mouthed. Tho quartermaster, Henderson byname, was blaok-bearded . and swarthy, like the captain, and it |waa rumoured among the men that this was| not tbe first time the two of them bad shipped in the same capaoity in blookade-runninjg in the wars of South American republics. The con ning tower, a small chamber, fitted with tubeB, nobs, levers, and spare wheel, nnd walled -in with thiok. plates of toughened Bteel, was just forward ,'of the first funnel. Beyond it. was a turtle backed dook of iron, and on either side were the 6-pounders, protected by- bullet proof shields. The oaptain could fire the aft torpedo guns by eloctrioity from the conning tower. ' Clear tho decks for aotion,' The shrill, olear notes of the whistle rang out the sharp summons, and the. men sprang to their positions with an aiaority whioh had not marked their aotions when threatened by the British' warships. Then they had done their duty sullenly, with a sense of ill-omen at having to enoounter their own flag,, but now they were on a different footing in respect to this new foe, and eager to be at come other game than always on the run. ' ' If onr captain's half as good ut-fight- ing aa he is at running,' growled the sailor known aa Dick the Owl for his night eye, ' we'll have a bellyful, eh, mate ? and good luok to it.' ' Eh, it's a queer thing, Diok that we navy men should be under these port-to- port cargo aud hathox carriers, but the captain's got red lights in hia head when there's danger afout, and maybe he'll be a good 'un to follow.' \- .' An good as any you would find on the bridge of any battleship afloat, my men,' said Lieutenant "Webster, who had been standing by unobserved. ' Beg pardon, sir,' said the men, touch ing t.heir caps. ' That's all right, my men, we've got to know each other yet,' replied the lieu tenant, with a kindliness that won their hearts. Wash down the deeke first,' he cried, ' we'll not go down to Davy's locker disguised in snot like imps of dark ness. Out with the hose.' The men laughed as they sorewed on the hose to the hydrants and poured on a stream of water, sweeping the grimy decks from stem to stern. 'Now, get below for a sluice and a dram,' cried the obeery voice of the lieutenant, whose idea of handling a crew was not according to naval instructions. The men trooped down the narrow com panion-way laughing and joking in their exoitement ; but the, rour of the enemy's guns, as befell round to port, and brought his starboard broadside to bear, was a summons that brought them tumbling on deck again ere they had time to wipe tbeir mouths with a back-handed swipe. ' Steudy, men, and to youi"- quarters,' Raid the captain, quietly ; ' all but the men for the big gun, who will go below.' Five men had taken their position about the big gun, whioh stood with its nose pointing up, as though looking away to tbe horizon for its enemy. These men stood astonished at the order. ' Below, men,' said Lieutenant Web ster, approaching them. ' You'll not be wanted ' till morning,' he added, as he noted their sidelong looks, They went, down in silence, and by the pressure of a button- in the conning tower the captain lowered the long gun into the deck, the same .machi nery sliding a heavy shield of toughened steel over the opening left by its disappearance. This gun had been speoially built for the catcher, and Wsb of a larger calibre than the gnns usually . carried by that kind of oraft. It rose or fell on a strong power ful lever on a modified principle used for the disappearing guns ; and the frame of the ship had been strengthened amid ships to hear the strain. It could be loaded and fought on deck, or loaded below and fired from the conning tower when at close quarters, and had been christened 'The Ghost,' after a trial made before reaohing Madeira. ' The Ghost' was turned out at .the ' Elewick Works, and could fire 60 50 lb. projectiles in 10 minutes. ' We've laid our ghost,' said Webster to Hume, who being quite fresh to this part of the business, stood looking out into the blacknesB astern in a state of suspense; ' we've laid our ghost, and must raise theirs.' ' Is that you, Mr. Webster ?' said the captain, leaning over the bridge. ' Yes, sir !' ' I must ask yon to go to your cabin.' 'To my cabin, sir?' ' Yes ; I will not want you till day break, and you will fight all the better, then, for a good sleep. Take off the men from the 6-pounders — the fewer on board the better.' Webster went below with six men from the two guns, loaving on deck eight hands in all to work the two 12-pounders. ,One of these was at the wheel in the donning tower ; another was stationed forward on the look-out ; and the others were in two stool towers, which were aft, about three feet above the dook, protecting the men from tho hail of missiles that .might be discharged from the machine guns, while their sloping sides would deflect larger projeotiles. ' Mr. Hume !' 'Sir.' ' Join me on the bridge.' Frank mounted to the low bridge, and went close to the darc figure of the cap tain for oompanionship. They were alone unproteoted by steel armour, and for him self he experienced 'a feeling of complete helplessness. He felt that up there he was a mark for every gun aimed at the Swift, and that without any power of retaliation. .. 'It is a fines night,' he said, aim- lessly, looking up at the starry sky. 'A reryfine night, indeed,' said the captain, taking hold of his- beard with both hands; 1 but there'll be rain in the morning.' . Frank brought his eyes down from the stars to a red eye that gleamed far astern. The captain took a couple of steps, and epoke down the tube : ' Please attend to your fires ; there are too many sparks.' Frank wondered at the captain's quiet tones. Usually he was sharp and. rough; now he spoke as though he were asking for a second cup of (ea. 'I know it,' said the oaptain. The! red eye astern Vas dimmed by two livid flaeheB. Frank heard tho dull re ports, and then withU thrill down his back listened to the cty of the shells as thoy Aped on. Tho enemy had yet done no damago, but ho knew that these shrieking meseongors hall at last scented their foo. He jerked his head violently as'the ahriok jose to a fiendish scream, nnd a swift rash of air swopt acroas his face, whilst the orushing of iron behind him told that the shot had Btruok. It passed through the forward fennel as though it had' boon' a sheet of paper, and the einoke came pouring 0$ of the holes. ' They've got bur range at last, and it's lhpky form they 'bare no March tight. ' I'll go and get my rifle,' said Frank. The captain ohuokled : ' She's a mile off, at least; and if not, you might juat as woll pufl at a- whale with a peashooter. Still, I know how you feel. It's devilish 'hard to stand fire without giving baok.' He raised his voiae : ' Fire.' The 12-pounders epoke togethor, beloh- ing out balls of fast revolving smoke, and spurring the ship on with their recoil. , ' It's no;good, of course,' muttered the captain ; ' but it will encourage then) to keep up the ohaBe.' ' "Why not give thorn the big gun, oaptain ? ' asked Frank, impatiently. 'A waste of ammunition; and we'll want all we have when we get near the end of our voyage. I could turn and engage them, but I like to see what I am about, and all I want to do now is to encourage thain. There (he goes round ; see her port lights ; she'll give us another broadside; and do you count the flashes.' 'Count the flashes,' thought Frank; ' does he think thia is a review ? ' . The 12-pounders let go - at the row of tights, and as the smoke rolled away there came a mufih'd roar, and in an inBtant, it seemed to Frank, the air was full of shells. The water wus out up astern, and one projectile struok the tnrtle-baoked deok forward, and went humming into the black of tbe night. ' She oarriea six guns to the broadside, I think. What. do you make it?/ ' A dozen, at least, capi.ain, and heavy metal,' said Frank, wetting hia lips. ' No more t.han six and 12-pounders. A larger shell set up a different music, aa you will soon learn. Still, I don't like it, t.heir gunners are too smart ' Tbe oaptain took a turn up and down the bridge, then sent a ' shout to the quartermaster to ceasn fire. 'Mr. Hume, you will find a life-belt on the starboard side, opposite the hatchway, with a canister attached. Cut it adrift.' Frank found the belt, and sent it over board. ' Keep her three spokes to port.' The steersman starboarded the helm, and the Swift went off at an angle to her former course, whilst the canister, on reaohing the water, flared out in a brilliant, blnze in the ship's former, wake. . Before Frank had reached the bridge the enemy had come round and fired hia two forward guns, then keeping on to port, quiokly let go his starboard broad side. The water about the floating light wbb dashed up in showers. The oaptain slapped Hume on the baok as he reaohed the bridge. ' That's <a simple trick, eh ! and we oould Blip away as easy as winking if we had a mind to. Lord, won't thoy howl when they find how they have been done ! ' There came a heavy guffaw from the towers aft as the men saw through tbe captain's joke. . 'Lord, there he goes again,' as the- forward gnns again belohed forth, '-what a ferocious devil the commander must be. He takes that, light to be a 'flare, and imugines he ia firing at a crippled ship, the devil.' TO SB CONTINUED TO-KOSBOW. 