Victoria. MELBOURNE, Friday. In the Ballarat County Court yes- terday, during the hearing of a case Judge Gaunt said that in the course of 20 years' experience in Ballarat as a barrister, he had heard only the best of characters of sharebrokers. Legitimate brokers were strictly honorable men, and the whole of their transactions were carried out on their word of honor. Miss Bryant, a State school teacher of Benalla, has been thrown from her horse and had both jaws broken, John Reidy, of Koroit, aged 80, has been drowned in a water trough. Dan Clineas, miner, of Bendigo, had his hand crushed in the Ironbark mine, and had to have it amputated. Charles Reynolds, while working in the United Whip and Jersey mine, Bendigo, was severely injured in- ternally by a fall in the mine. Mounted-constable M'Kee, aged 35, stationed at Cranbourne, blew his brains out with a revolver yesterday while suffering from melancholia. He had previously told his son that he would not commit suicide, as the boy was afraid from his behavior that he would do so. The programme for "The Bats" charity concert, to be held on Tuesday next, has been issued. It is of a popular character, and includes songs by Messrs. Neilson, Griffiths, Jenkin- son, Harris, Resch, Symington, Lower, and C. P. James, besides choruses under Mr. James' conductorship. If you cannot obtain "Myfa Tea" in your district, write to A. A. Brice and Co., Blende-street, Broken Hill, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local storge keepers.* We have received £2 for the South Fund from the Tarrawingee Football Club, through the secretary, Mr. G. Clubb. Secure tickets early, "Bats" charity con- cert, next Tuesday. + Mr. Nicholas Tamblyn, a very old resident of Wallaroo, died on Wednes- day morning. He leaves a wife and nine children. One son and one daughter are married. Deceased was an uncle of Mr. J. E. Tamblyn, of Broken Hill. The "Unique" straw hat at H. H. Hart'a. + The best food for children is Arnott's milk arrowroot biscuits. Ask for Arnott's, and don't be persuaded to take a substitute. + A new programme is announced at the Electric Hall for to morrow night ; it will include, besides new songs and dances, the laughable sketches "Card Sharpers" and " A Ghost in a Pawn- shop." 