CHAPTER XV. ; "'? THE EXAMINATION'AND TRIAL. WHEN a man is caught, as it were, in the very execution of a crime that, at the moment, ho actually vaunts the perpetration of, and in calmer moments still confesses him- self guilty of committing, the pro- ceedings Def ore the magistrates or the coroner are almost of a formal character, and very quickly got through. i When Frank Forrester and his two companions entered the court- house, Blue Cap was already in the dock, and glaring defiantly around him. ; Asked whether he pleaded guilty or,not guilty to the awful charge, of murder whereon he was arraigned, he replied-:" Guilty," in a calm, clear voice. '. '. Kate Stephens! was then placed in the witness-box, and deposed to entering the'bed :room of her mur- dered friend,' and seeing Blue Cap standing beside the bed with the uncorked bottle of poison in his left hand, and a look of confusion on his face. .<..-..>-. . Frank Forrester strengthened this evidence by swearing that he entered the bedchamber just in the rear of the last witness, and had hardly caught sight of the prisoner when, holding up the bottle of poison, which was nearly empty, though it should have been. more than half full, he exclaimed that he had given it to her, oh finding her awake, to prevent her making an outcry; and that on bending over his victim he had found her quite dead, with the aroma of the poison still escaping from between her half-parted lips. Then he went on to describe the bushranger's attempt to escape the struggle in the garden and his ulti- mate capture by the three troopers. Each of the troopers was then examined in turn, though they could tell nothing bearing directly on the murder, and neither could Harry Ogilvie, who, it will be remembered, arrived home after Blue Cap had been arrested. But the evidence adduced was enough to hang him, even had he not pleaded guilty, the magistrates thought ; so he was formally com- mitted to take his trial at. the ot "wilful murder," one sapient J."P. observing to another, "Well, he won't give the big wigs or the jury much bother-that's one thing." "Frank Forrester and Harry Ogilvie had both sought to bring forward Detective Macnamaras theory of the prisoner's innocence of the crime imputed to him, but both had been pretty sharply pulled up by a remark from one or other of the magistrates that they must not ramble from their direct evidence, or speak of anything that did not come under their personal observation, or which they could not positively swear to. After the examination was over, and Blue Cap had been taken back to his cell, Frank Forrester went from Goulburn straight on to Sydney, leaving his friend Harry and Kate Stephens to ride back to Cooloo murra alone ; and directly ho had reached the capital and installed himself in his old lodgings, he began to write out and despatch his adver- tisements to the different colonial papers. But they led to nothing, nor did the attempts of the police in that and the neighbouring colonies' either; and so th« day of the trial came on, and there existed not the ghost of a chance of Blue Cap being acquitted. But he seemed determined to meet the hangman half way, for he per- sisted in his guilt and refused to employ either solicitor or counsel, so that so sure were the prison authori- ties of his condemnation that they whitewashed and scrubbed out the condemned cell for him beforehand. And then the day came, and with it the judge with his black cap, " for he had been told that he was certain to require it," and the merry barris- ters, and the fussy attorneys, and the jurymen, and the crowd pf wit- nesses and detectives and policemen, and the court was declared open, prisoner after prisoner was tried and ? lound " guilty ' or "not guilty," as the case might bo, and at last it was Blue Cap, the^great bushranger's turn, and the court was crammed to suffocation, and the calmest face amongst the assembled thousands was that of tho heavily-ironed pris- oner at the bar. Any one would have scoffed at the idea of his being insane ; and when askod how he pleaded, " Guilty, your ' honour," said ho, and a great mur- mur of detestation and of horror went up to the roof of the court. | The, Crown Prosecutor opens his case by branding the prisoner as one of the most bloodthirsty and re- morseless of scoundrels, the perpe- trator of a crime so foul that it would make the very angels weep, and so on, and then he calls his wit- nesses one by one, and examines them. Vainly do Frank Forrester and Harry Ogilvie even then attempt to I say their say, and, saying, save the unhappy man of whose innocence they feel assured. They are kept strictly down to what they saw with their own eyes and heard with their own ears, and not a hair's breadth are they allowed to wander out of the regular time honoured routine. The evidence of Detective Mac- namara and of Sergeant Mahoney as to finding the prisoner's horse and cap so far from the scene of the mur- der and his arrest, in company with a clergyman's round collar, puzzles the jury for a few minutes, but Blue Cap has no clever counsel to make the most of these remarkable inci- dents, and he remains doggedly silent, even shaking his head when the judge asks him whether he has any question to ask such or such a wit- ness, so that when the Crown Prose- cutor comes to deli ver his concluding speech he makes light of this as a fortuitous circumstance, and then the judge sums up most strongly against the prisoner, and the jury, without leaving the box, bring in a unanimous verdict of " Guilty.' Then the judge asks the prisoner solemnly if he has anything to say why sentence of death should not be passed upon him. "No, your honour," replies Blue Cap. "And I can't think why you have taken all this trouble to find me guilty when I admitted it from the first. ' " The law does so in such cases," answered the judge, "that by no possibility shall an innocent man be pnnished, even on his own confession, for a crime that he did not commit ; for people there have been who, through insanity or a weariness of life, have declared themselves guilty of crimes of which they were entirely blameless, and so it behoves the law to put the guilt or innocence of a prisoner beyond the shadow of a doubt." Then the judge puts on the awful black cap, and sentences the hapless man, who still stands calm and un- daunted before him, " to be hung by the neck until he was dead," and en- ded by hoping that " God might have mercy on his soul." The convicted murderer is dragged down out of the dock by tho gaol warders, and hustled off to the condemned cell, where he will be under the eye of a policeman by night and by day until the morn- ing on which he shall have to deliver up his soul to his Maker, and his body to Jack Ketch. 