Local and General. Meeting. —A meeting of commit tee of A & H Association Trill be held thin afternoon at three o'clock. Iilness. — During the past week Mrs. Cameron, of Cairnsmore, was very ill, but we aie pleased to learn that she is now recovering. Bad Lf.o. — We are Borry to learn that Mr. Jos. Fitzgerald, son of Mr. P. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., of Sunville, is seriously ill, suffering from blood poisoning, caused by an abscess on the leg. Sydney t. Country. — We have often remarked that tbe real issue to be decided in this Colony is that of city versus oiuntrv interests. So far Sydney and the suburbs hsve returned sufficient members to away the balance of power, hence Sydney interests have at all times been considered of para mount importance, whilst the country has had to take its chance. The Brjs bane Telegraph gives the following classification of parties : — Sydney, Ministerial, 5 ; Opposition, 3 ; Lib or, 3 ; Suburban, Ministerial, 24 ; Oppo sition 1 : L'ibor, 4. Country, Minis. terial,30; Opposition, 4-2 ; Labor, 13.. On a further examination of the re turns it will be seen that country towns pretty luniformly returned Ministerial support°rs, and that coun try districts returned Oppositionists. This is a clear case of the town against the country. It is reasonable to sup pose that tbe electorates of Sydney and its suburbs would return sup porters of a Government promising to make Sydney a free port. Also, it is reasonable to suppose that the farm ing and pastoral districts would vote in favor of protection. They have done so. It is wovth while now to consider in what sense Mr Eeid has received a mandate. a9 it is called, fmm tho country. He has received the support of pe/so' b representing distributing industries, but he has not received the support of persons en gaged in the producing industries. If he is going to frame a policy for the form«-r as against the latter, in the course of a few years it may be found that very little is being produced, and that there is still less to be distributed. No one aspiring to be a statesman can afford to risk his reputation by legislating only for any one class in the community.' Seed Potatoes. — Mr F. A. Hooke, Mayor, wishes us to state that persons requiring seed potatoes, should make application to him as early as possible, ana ho will endeavor to obtain a sup ply from the Department of Agricul-. ture. Fat Cattle. — We are informed that Messrs Wjlce, Bros., of Auohen torlie, la«t week sold 80 fat bullocks, to Mr Brabben, of Sydney, at a very satisfactory figure. There were B^ome splendid animals in the mob, and it is the purchasers intention to ship the beat for the London market. Football. — The following have been selected ? to play for Dungog against Bandon Grove on tbe park on Saturday next: — J. Hodues, S. Stan ton, G. Wonders, C. M'Intyre, D. Wade, P. Cal.lnghon, T. Tate, A. Wrightsou, G. Wrightson, J. Webber, Jim Hodges, S. Lee, W. Howe, E. Skanes, G.Hancock; emergencies, T. Currie, W. Steuerwald, 3. Kobaon. Wipe Debehtioit.t— William Ford, late of Dungog, haB been arrested in Wellington, on warrant, charged with wife and child desertion. He has been remanded to Dungog, and will answer the charge here on the . 13 th instant. Influenza.— Influenza i'b very pre valent in town, and many people are sufferers. Db. Finlay. — It will be seen on reference to our advertising columns that the complimentary ball to be ten dered to Dr. and Mrs. Finlay, at Stroud, will take place on Friday, August 16th next. We understand that a large number of Dungo » friends will attend. The Manning Election. — After the result of this election a rather un usual thing occurred. The Hon.' J. H Young, Minister for Works, in vited the defeated candidate, Mr. H. McKinnon, and Mr. .Tohn See, who was speaking on behalf of the latter, to a bapquet, together with a number of prominent Taree gentlemen of dif ferent shades of political opinion. A most enjoyable evening seems to have been spent, and we think Mr. Young deserves thanks for Betting in example that might well be followed in more important constituencies. The 'cam paign on the Manning, although fought out vigorously, was evidently conducted on creditable lines. Police Court. — On Tuesday last a man named O'Keefe was arrested in Dowling street by Constable Green, on a charge of drunkenness. Some difficulty was experienced in getting him to the lock-up, and Constable Asche had to lend a helping band. He faced the local Bench next day, and helped to swell the revenue of the country by the payment of a fine. Serious Illness. — The friends of Mr: H. G. Hooke. of Bocky Hill, will be sorry to learn that at present he is in a very low and precarious state of health: Bush Fires — Yesterday^ at noon dense smoke was observed rising from a gully at the rear ot the Hospital. It was »oon seen that the grass was on fire, and as a pentle breeze wafted townwards, the flames sprend with alarmine rapidity around the_ hospital, over the hill and right to Eloiza-street. A nnmber of townspeople were kept busy stopping the spread of the fiery element into the town, and were suc cessful. but a lot of good grass has been destroyed. It is ndt known how the fire originated, but we would im press upon our readers theneed of great caution at the present time in dropping lighted matches about. The _ who1 e country is as dry as tinder, and if once alight, very great lopses would be the result. The Weather — Bain in badly wanted in this district. The heavy frosts, warm days and westerlv winds, have dried up the grass and herbage in all directions, and both feed and water are olarmingly scarce. Farmers are unable to get on with their plough ing for want of moisture. Auction Sale — Mr Jno. Eobson will offer fat pirrs and fat cattle at his yards, on Saturday next. Belief Works. — We learn that re lief works have been started in Mait land, and a number of lo^al men have been taken on.' On Wednesday 60 blankets were distributed- by the Mayor to destitute persons, and there were applicants for more It is to be hoped Mr Brunker'a pet freetrade and land tax policy will alter this Btate of affairs. Frightened the Children — At South Yarra (Vic.) there has been a ghost scare, and numberless children and women have had the life nearly soared out of them by a ghostly ap parition. The other night a trap was set for bis ghostship and he was caught, and upon investigation proved to he an erratic youth grotesquely attired. He is now cooling his heels in the local lock-up Cure for Pleuro Pneumonia. — It is alleged that a cutb baa been found in kerosene for pleura p jeu monia. It is administered by thrust ing a sponge saturated with the oil in one nostril, and holding the other tiabt, so that. the animal must inhale the remedy with the breath. Perfect success is claimed for tbe new remedy. A Terrible Surprise. — A single girl, afflicted with a baby, drowned herself in a quarry at Ballarat the other day. A man who was working near the hole, gave evidence at the inquest. He said he had seen the body of a woman in the water but made no effort to get it out, thinking he might get into trouble. When eventually the body was brought to land, he was horrified to find it was that of his own sister. Detective Brche, charged with causing the death of Ernest Gill, was honorably acquitted by the jury cn Tuesday. 