Matrimonial Scandal. A .ODEU^YiMAN-ilN .COURT. THE CASE OF OLARKE v, CliARKE. Tab suit for divorce brought by Anuio Clarko against her husband, the Rsv. James Clarke, came beforo Hia Honor Sir William YVitideyer in the Divorco Court on Monday •morning; ' Mr. Ralston appeared for tho petitioner, and the respondent appeared in person. c:' 'Mr.'''Ralston asked whether Mr. Clarko had obeyed tho order of court by paying £20 in as costs. f' 'His Honor (to the officer of the court): Has 'the money beeu paid ? The officer of tho court said it had not. . M" Mr, Clarke said ho wmhed to make an ex planation, When he said tho other day that counsol would never see a ponny of the money ha meant that he would not unless he won the case. Ho then went on to state that there.was money coming to him from the Bishop, which was being arbitrated on. • He drove his trap into Kiss's Bazaar this morning, placing a reserve of £20 on it,.and if it was sold tho money would be .sent over to the court aud paid in. ' It was arranged that in tho meantime Mr. Clarke should give a promissory note for tho amount, and the case was proceeded with. Annio Clarko, the petitioner, then went into the box and was examined by Mr. Ralston. She said she was married to tho; respondent, who was a clergyman, on Feb ruary 21j*1894. They wore living-at J£og-. arah. Mr. Ralston: You charge your husband , with cruelty, with being cruel and unkind to you. Tell his Honor now how it was. Witness said in the beginning of April last hecommcncod hypnotising her. His Honor : Did you sit to him, or how was it done ? Witness : Ho would stare at mo with his oyes, and make passes over my face with his hands, and I at once went off, as my will was woakor than his. His Honor: Do you know ho possessed this power ? Witness : Ho never spoke to mo of pos sessing such power. My mother told him he should not do it. Sho didn't believe iu it. At the cud of 'July ho threatened to whip her (witness) if sho did not do certain tilings in the house to please him. He was always finding fault and saying there was dust on furniture. At the cud of August lie shook •her.and swore at her. They went for a drive, and. .whilst ho was.gettiug wator for the'horso tho aninuvl backed and he called ,lier-a d—— fool and. shook her. Qn Sep 'tbmber 3 she was at Hornsby with5 him. He'told her that she informed him during a mesmeric sleep that thore was money hidden • up there, and that ho brought her up to find it. Because she couldn't find it, he said she had brought him to the wrong placc, and ho struck her on the face with his open • hand. Because she upbraided him for it ho i Said he would put her in a trance aud make her! forget all about it. On October 14 at 10.30 at night he put her in a room. Her sister :,was in another bedroom. Subse* quently she found him iu her sister's room in his pyjamas. She screamed, and he took her and put her buck and shook her. A day ■0r"80 after they:went to a party.; Mr, Clarko: That was to a garden party at the Primate's. :■ Witness: Yes. Wheit thoy returned he wentiuto his study and Jield a confirmation class, and; then came out and hit; her and kicked her for takiug a key. On October 17 he took her into the study, and> put her into a trance. She said she was too tired to be hypnotised, and he said if ;sho didn't go offho would tear er tougueout. by. the roots, He afterwards struok her. ou iitho neok with a walking-cane. On October 18 he stripped her iu the kitchen—took, all her olothes off—and pub her ill the bath, and fjotja bucket of water and threw itf:oyer,lier v with all his force. ? ; <■ ki':; * His Honor: How did ho do all' this ? "Didn't you resist? " ;n Witness: Yes, I objected. He,-said, >1 i- -would i have, to uudress,. and-; l! .refused, and 1 ho. then took my clothes off and took me by the arm to the bath., ;-I ,was in a bad state of health and afraid of him. Witne'ss said that after he threw the bucket of wator over her hor allowed her to dress. After she had dressed lie entered her bed room, took hor clothes out of the chest of ^drawers and struck her over the head with ' the empty drawer. ' Her head swelled. After that he wont out and locked ,hor in her room till tho following, morning. There was no'one in the house at the timo.^'He .bounoed out of the room and looked, tho ' door on her. .,, .Mr.(Kalston: What was his manner that ' afternoon? , v,,, '- '' Witness: He seemed dazed and stupid;— quite Bleepy— and did not appoar to know what lie was doing.' I was frightened to jSfiy .anything; to him." ; ; * Witness, continuing, said she was in terror of him. She had no dinner or tea that day. He told hor she was uot to come out of her .-bedroom ; after she wnB dressed. - She did ..notgo to bed; that niglit becnuso she was too frightened. The next day she unlocked the „door, at half-past seven in the morning, and a ' girl who had come the night, bofore brought hor in a cup of tea, which hd said she would have to drink. She did not see f anything more of him till lmlf-past % when i ho came into the room and did something to : her. ;; / ' Witness asked to bo allowed to write it ! down and HisrHonor allowed her to do so, v and. it was afterwards shown to Olarko. ; W.itness theu. .went on to state that ho ; pulled'somo hair out of hor head. At half | past .,0 he allowed hor to come. out of the ! room.1' Tea was then laid, and she sat down ! to the tablo, but ho told her to sit on ! another; ohiiir away from the table, as sho } did not look; well enough. • She did not 5 move; and then ho sent the girl away,. '] stating that she stole. At half- past 7 he S pub her off to sleep, and sho did not wako up ;till 9.... Whon sho woke sho was lying on J tho floor in the dining room, and ho was . standing over hor holding a weight from tho gaaalier above her. Her head and face wore 'swollen and there was a deep incision on one • iof her\tUighs; and both hor thighs wero . bruised badly. Tho wounds wero bleeding frightfully. ! They wero like big outs, and she had the ! mark? on her still. Sho said to him, " Look Sat my boor-body how it is out," but ho took (no notice of it, and told her slie had dono it' .herself. Ho* tore her clothes off hov then, and took her out into the paddock in a nude estate and made her roll about 150 yards on ? the ground with her body out aa it wag, and !uald he would kick her if she didn't, and said if , sho screamed ho would split her in ipieoes. After he had made ho roll iu this way " ho wont inside and looked her out. :He told her. che was to.knock if she wanted .to come ill. 1 Sho did so, and after sho got inaido ho struok hor on the back with the ,edgo of a carving knife and out hor. The .wound blod, and she had the sear still. | f'Afc this stage Mr. Clarke said ho had re ceived a message with respect to a funeral in his parish, and asked to be allowed to go and see about it for a few minutes as the bearer waa waiting. V ' ; i ,rPJis- Honor. consented, and stopped !tho case till' his return. . . - ■ i i j ' Th? oase. was then, proceeded with. ! ■ Witness continuing, said after respondent struck her with the carving, knifo ho looked hor in the "girl's "room. She was naked all tliii time, and ho would not allow hor to liavo hor olothes. yho spont a very restless night,.as ho .was romiug about the, place all night;' "On the Saturday, the 20th, ha kept j her looked-up without her olothes'till 12 ,,<o'cloclt. Ho took some of'her old clothes arid burnt 'them. Ho was quiet after.that, and on the Sunday slio loft tho houso with her frftrids'.who came forheiv She went to a,frioud|s houso first. She wus attended by /a doctor" for'some days. ' ' i"-fc.;Mr. RalBtrin : WaB thoro anything, your husband took which used to afioct him 1 . ' Vyitness;:'^Ho; used to take, whisky in his tea. Ho was quite dazed after it. On Soptombor 10 ho was quite intoxicated, and , could not hold his knife and fork properly, arid pouring hiq milk into his cocoa it wont ' all around the saucer, and ho could not walk •straight without holding oil to something. " Oil oho ocoasion lie had champagne boforo -"'breakfast; ' ,..... ,-v '•>!' His Honor: Did all Uiis affect your :liballh? : : .v : J.-, Witness: Yes, ■ Tho rcspoiulont, Clarko, thon prboebded ""'to cross examino tho witness. - - ..-.■■■■ ' ■ : ' 'Mr. Clarko.: How many yoars have you known me, Annie. "Witness : About tori I should think. Mr. Clarko: Havo I boon unkind to you boforo this ? r; ' . Witnoss: On one'occasion: you knocked ,mo down on tho grass .boforo mnraago., '' Mr. Clarke : Tliat was aji acoidont whilst romping with tho children".' /i ! Witness: I did nob think it was an acoideut. , ^Respondent kept on panting at witndss ashe interrogated her, and his Honor said he would not»1lo\v it. Ho then commenced walking up and^ down the court room, aud hls'Honor directed .him to stop ifc or sit down. Witness denied that sho had ever at* tempted to tako her own life, or that she went into the churchyard and sat on a tomb at 2 o'clock in tho morning. She promised i to obey him when sho married him. She | remembered waking him one night and tell 'ring him.that she. saw a vision of a woman .with long hair in'"the room pointing at the bod. Sho went into a trance tho morning after she saw tho spirits, bub she did nob go into a trance1 voluntarily. She had no reason to believe she was in the habit of walking in her sleep. r Mr. Clarke said, referring to the incident of the liorse and trap referred to in the peti tioner's evidence, that ho believed it was true he said " D— -it, you are a curse to me aud nob a blessing." That_was when ho saw the horse aud trap and wife going to ruin, as he thought. . She remembered on one accasion seeing a spirit iu the church through the lights in tho •yestry ; also that she saw spirits one night, and got respondent to striko a light and she could see them with tho light burniug. Mr. Clarke : I could never see tho spirits, could I ? Witness : No. Mr. Clarke: And I used to say it was because I had done no ouc any injury, and they were not relations of mine. Witness : Yes : She remembered seeing her spiritual visitor sitting on a chair in the room, and she called their attention to ib, hut they could see nothing. Mr. Clarke : Is it nob a fact I gave you a warm bath on Saturday night, and used one bucket of cold water 1 Witness : Yes. Mr. Clarke: Audi was kind and gentle" with you 1 Witness : You appeared to be. He used to command her to do things because he thought she was under his con* trol,. He said she shouldn't wear corsets again as they insured her, and he took them away. ' 'He implored lier nob to wear them, and she consented. It was not truo that she was bruised through wearing them. Mr.* Clarke; I think I told you the mother of Jesus never wo're'atays. I Witness; Ye3 you did; v Mr. Clarke: I told you they never wore them in Egypt, Palcstino andsome, other; plaees. . Witness : Yos. - * ■ c ' -cVv Mr." Clarke : You know I don't like red, aud yet you wore ib in your hat ? > ; : Witness:. Yes. *--« ' . His Honor: And why don't you liko red?'1 - 'it'-:. : r, * 1 Mr.'. Clarke : Well it's a prejudice I have ; and I don't! like red tape when.I soo it, (Laughter). ;! '* . To "Witness: Haven't I always asked you to oboy.the church which is the law ? His .Honor (empatliically);It isn't- tho law ; this is; the law. '' Witness denied thatwhilst respondent was in tho asylum she went to his study with her. mother and romoved anything' of value. They .went there but did not move'money or jewellery. Ib was true she wrote ;him a letter in which she admitted that she was forcibly taken away, but she was then under hypnotic influence. Mr; Clarke : Do you remember the clergy man whomarried us saying to you, " Well, you.have married a kind.man?" Witness: Yes. She had never been allowed to go out alone since she had been •away from him. Dr. Chenhalf, of Marrickville, said he knew Mrs. Clarke and her mother. On Sunday, ^October 21, he was called to see Mrs. Clarke at 'Mrs." Doust's houso near her mother's. She was in a perfectly dazed stateV-lyihg in bed with a vacant expression in her face', her eyes were turned upward and the pupils wore dilated, and she ap peared to bo unconscious of her surroundings. He asked her several questions, but she did not appear to Understand anything. Ho examined her and found her in a very weak state. There wa3 a wound on her right thigh kbout half an iuch deep at its deepest point.'' There wore scratches on both thighs, some from Sin. to Gin. in length. The deep wound must have been produced by some sharp instrumeut. The scratches might have beon produced by a pin. There was a small bruise on the left cheek, another on the left breast. Ho treated the wounds, and attended her for some days. At this stage the court rose, and the case wag adjourned till the following day. : SYDNEY, Thursday. The hearing of the suit iu which Annie Clarke seeks a dissolution of marriage with the Rev. James Clarke, of Kogarah, on the ground- that lie had assaulted and cruely beaten lier,'was continued in the Divorce Court to-day before Mr. Justice Windeyer. To-day'is/the anniversary of their wedding, which took place on February 21, 1894, On the judge taking his seat Clurke com plained'that:Doth ho and his bag had boon searched by the police, who believed that he had a revolver with him. The judge said that it had come to the knowledge of the Court that he had been comiug to the court carrying a revolver out side his own house. Mr. Justice Windeyer said that the police were justified in the action they took. Ah,order was made for an additional £30 to be paid byr Clarke for his wife's costs. The petitioner's case having closed, tho respondent made a statement. He said that early in April his wife suddenly aroused him from sleep and said that she saw a woman with long dark hair in the room. Sho spoke in a croopy tone, and he got up and lit the gas. She persisted, in her statement next morning.' Sho was sitting with him in tho study, and suddenly went off into what appeared to .be a dead, faint. He called her by name several times before getting an answer. At length she answered' in a voice that seemed to como from afar. She said that she did not know him, and that she was in the spirit world. Up to that , time he know nothing about hypnotism. After that- he. discovered that he- had a certain power with regard toiler and not to anybody else. He found that almost at his wish she could go off into ono of those con ditions. She then took to sleep-walking, and ono night ho found her in her night-dressin tho cemetery weeping. When ho . spoke to. her she said that a beauti fill gii'l was talkiug tohor and had counselled her to destroy herself. He locked tho door of her room for her own protection. He had been charged with insanity. Whatever Aberrations ho might have had, ho never rooollcctod beating his wife or making use of unkind words.towards her. On October 2-4 ho was taken to tho Central Volico Court and committed for being insane, all beoause his wifo said that ho had gone into her sister's bedroom. Ho denied the allegations made by his wife, and said that on the occa sion when she stated that he took hor to a paddock and rolled her on the grass it was ho who found his wifo there naked. Ho then entered into a lengthy narrativo as to how he came,to be sent to tho Callan-park Asylum.by his mother-in-law. Evidence was called by tho respondont to prove that his wife said that she saw ghosts, and Clarke addressed the Court, which then adjourned untill to-morrow. [Bv TELiscutArii.] r: v SYDNEY, Friday. In tho Divorce Court Mrs. Clarke was to day granted adeoreo wist, with costs against the Rov. Clarke returnable in 3 months. Tho judge refused to rcservo any points. Tho judge said he had never tried a case in ,\Vhieh there was more disgusting and horrible cruMfy inflicted upon a woman thun in this case. Ho entirely believed petitioner tuid disbelieved tho respondent. WiiJJN' j'on ask for Arnott's Milk Arrow roots, suo tlmt you got them. Arnott's uro tlio beat.—Adv. Ckiitainlv the best mediuino known is Sander and Sona' Eucalypti Extract. Teat its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, influenza—tho relief is instantaneous, In serious ouaes, and accidents of all kinds, bo tlicy wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, it is tho safest remedy—no swelling, ao inflammation. Liko suprising effoot, produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitiss inflammation of tho lungs, swolling, etc., diarrhoea, dyaontory, diseases of tho kidnoys and uriuary organs. In use at hospitals and modicsvl clinics all over tho globe j patronised by His Majesty tho King of Italy ; crowned with, medal and diploma at International 15nlli|)itioii,: Amsterdam. . Trust in this provoii article, and reject all others. StkoN'o, effective and oheap, tho Gordon Canvas Filter. All stoiokcopois soil Uicm. —Adv. 