The Storyteller. THE KNIGHT Oh1 THE BLUE RIBBON. BY THE AUTHOR OF 44 WSKDON PAOE.' Continued from Wednesday '« »«shc.) CHAPTER XXI. - fciyiy ^tunibled oufc on to the platform, and cast a bewildered look aboat her. The station 1 was ill-lighted, and what few lamps there were flickered restlessly in the bitter wind that : swept down the line with a forlorn wail. The i station-master, perceiving Mr. Carneggie, came . obaeoaiously forward to pay him homage, : and, as there was a fiy in watting, there was _~ih;n-r fn dela? their departure. ?»I am afraid you are very tired,' said Mr. Carneggie, ffently, as they started; 'but it is not ft long drive. Evei) old U--binson will be able to do it in half an hour, walking up all the hills, f wish now I had telegraphed to them t to send the carriage to meet us.' . «? Oh 1 but why ?'she answered with assumed j cheerfulness. 14 We shall do very well.' i Milly rather dreaded meeting these nieces of \ Mr. Carneggie's, and was willing to put off the evil moment as long as possible, in spite of her fatigues. Young people like to make new acquaintances, as a rule ; but Milly had no feeling ot pleasur- I able anticipation so far as the Misses Carneggie 1 were concerned. ] They might resent her advent ; ana the master ; with ihe usual obtusity ol his sex fail to sec in how many ways her position might be Smade disagreeable to her without any overt unkind ness on their part, or the least inattention he would be able to resent. Women exceed in a son of guerilla warfare, and give a quiet little stab, smiling all tho while aud looking as innocent as doves. Milly remembered howo {ten Evelyn St. John had wounded her cruelly whilst Walter sat by aneonsclous, and wondered what made her look bo birt and sad. SheVrather mistrusted the Castle young ladies after this experience of hers, and felt that in her present state they would have every advantage. Therefore, she aould not help trembling when the racketty fly drew up ia front of the Castle door, and Mr. Carneggie ©prang out and rang the bell sharply. A respectable, middle aged butter answered tbis saramons, and Milly felt his cold stare all through her as Mr. Carneggie helped her out, and. taking possession of horbag, conducted her into the house. ' Pear uncle, is that realty you ?' said a sil very voice from the top of the stairs. And then there was a delicate, silken rbstle, and two girls came hurrying down, and hemmed hint in with their tender arms. 44 How naughty of you n.ot to tell us you weie coming ! 1 don't believe there is anything nice in the house, and you must be so tired ? ' They stopped short, for they had spoken simultaneously, and used almost the same wordu, and glanced, with quick suspicion and ev;d«nt perplexity, * at Milly— a dark, timid figure standing irresolutely in the background. ' I have brought you a companion —you have often oomplained of being dull.' explained Mr. Carneggie with something Ics^ than bis usual decision ; and then he introduced the three to each other in due form. ' We dined at Chester,' he added, when the ceremony was over; ?? but I am sure Miss Burton will be glad of some to* at once Take her into the drawing-room, Gwen dolyn, and order Mrs. Lnwrence to prepare a room for her reception. Or, stop, tell her to come to me.' 'There's no fire in the library, uncle.' 'Never mind; I can see her here.' Milly bad a glimpse of a tall, stately, middle* aged person, with a most uncompromising ltoraan nose, whose dress had the same silken rustle, but a much longer sweep, thau those of Mr. Carneggie's niece*, und then the master said, irritably : 'Why pn earth do you keep Miss Burton staudingjiece ? I thought 1 told you that she had been travelling since quite edrly this morn ing/ He waved (his hand as be spoke, and Gwen dolyn at once turned to Milly. who, chilled by the reception she had met with, and terribly overwrought, hid hard work to restrain her tears. ?' Will you follow me ? ' she said, coldly, and led the way up a broad, oaken staircase, richly carved, into a dainty little boudiov, hung with silk and lace 44 We never sit here when uncle is at home,' said Gwendolyn who was courteous, if not cordi&L; ' He declares it is suah sn enervat ing room, and only tit to doze in. Uut, a6 he has come upon us unawares, he must titke the consequences ' Hia step was heard on the stairs at this? moment, and Adelaide pushed the most luxurious chair in the room up to the fire, and came and bent over Milly with an air of almost affectionate solicitude. ' Do let me help you off with yout cloak, Miss Burton. You must be so woru out. Lyn and I came from the south ourselves, anil we remember bow much we felt the journey. [' Bright, and fierce, and fickle is the south,' thought Milly a3 she glanced into the fair, glittering face insinuatingly lowered to hers.j But it was so vety good of dear uncle to bring you It is really awfully dull here, and Lyn and I get quite tired of each other sometimes. Do you play, and sing ?' ' A little.' 44 Ob I that's modesty, of course. I liixvo no doubt we shall find you an excellent performer. Lyn dear, Miss Burton is musical.'1 Gwendolyn looked supremely indifferent, and Milly liked her the better that she would not endorse Adelaide's false professions of good will. For it was not difficult to see how much they were worth, and for whose benefit they were coined, when, the step having passed the door, she subsided languidly into her seat, and added* with a yawn : ' Why don't you go to bed ?' inquired Gwen dolyn disdainfully. ' I am not aware of any good you do by remaining here.' Then she turned to Milly. 11 Can you oblige rac by telling me. Miss Barton, what kind of a post you are to fiU here ? I must own I do not understand ; and Unole John is never good at explanation*. Of coarse, your position was defined for you before yon arranged to come here.' ' I was to be eompanion to Mr. Carneggie's nieces,' answered Milly, rather flutterlngly. ' Oh! that excuse was too absurd, eud never deceived you, I am persuaded, from tbe moment you knew that there were two of us. Are you eure my uucle did not say companion to him self F* The insolence of this question roused Milly's spirit, and she replied, witb dignity : I think my being here at all sufficiently answers that.' ' 2 may be very obtuse, but I do not really understand you.' Milly caught Adelaide's warning whisper, ftlthoagh it was oot evidently intended for her ears. 'You had better take care. Uncle will be dreadfully angry.' Gwendolyn shrugged her shoulders. il I am not a child, and do not mean to be treated like one. I would rather go out as a governed, or as a companion myself,' with Bcomfnl ' than 1 wonld submit to the sflrt of espionage ancle wishes to impose upon as. I shall tell him so to-night without the least reserve. It is best he should know at once that Miss Barton's situation is likely to be a sitrteote.4' ' Isn't that the kind you would like to get yourself, my dear, supposing you carried your threat into execution?' inquired Adelaide, with a peculiar smile Milly could not fathom. 'I know I should. Anything is better than work. Don't jon think so, Miss Burton ?'* 'I tike work.' Adelaide pot up her white hands in astonish* zsest. 'I hope —I do hope so very much you are not & Mae-stocking. I am so afraid of clever peojple,' sheadded, gushingly, for there was a step in Che passage again. ' They make fun of one.' Bat I do declare yon haven't taken off yoar cloak yet. Do let me help you. Areyoar feat warm? And oh I Lyn, oughtn't you to ring Qgain ? — that miserable Marshall has never broughj tip the tea.' It hoc not been ordered, as far as they were Wjp&nej;, bat Mr. Carnegie h&} Iftkco can of , Mifty, It would often be so as tho days went on that no one would trouble about her but the stern master ; and if her face, brightening at bis approach always as it brightened now, misled him, one could but pity him. He was even more desolate than she, for she was young, and her hopes kept her company. He was too old to dream, and yet not too old to feel, and Milly was as unconscious of her own sweetness as the little hedge-flower that blooms and dies on the desert air. It was this verv simnlieitv that made her so dangerous. Mr. Cfimeggie looked at her as she sat at hi6 fireside witb AdeJaido hovering officioasly about her, and remembered his own comparison between spurious coin and true gold. Adelaide overdid her part, and Muly's face was weary it gentle. She would rather have dispensod with this service ; but &he; bore it with perfect politeness ; only that the master's pre sence was a relief evidently, for she turned to him at once with a welcoming gladness in her clear, soft eyes. lea, supplemented by vinous dainties, followed quickly on his ontry, and Gwendolyn, under her uucle'o eyes, did tho honours with snflicient grace. 41 Alfred came aver to see us the day you left,' she said, presently, with amused carelessness. 44 He was looking wonderfully well.' *? Is he ever ill?' inquired Mr. Carneggie, coldly.! | 44 He had the measles when he was a little boy, I uncle,' observed Adelaide as she .sipped her tea, j yawning between each sip. ' 1 don't remember j anything sinse.' | ' Nor I How long did Mr. Alfred scay?:' 41 He is here now,' put in Gwendolyn, boldly ; ; but her voice trembled a little in spite of her self. A dark frown gathered between Mr Car neggie's brows. This was not pleasant news to him, and he made no attempt to disguise the foot. ! ' What do you ineau by 4 here' '? t do not I see him.' I 41 Oh 1 he has not come in yet. The Welshes asked him to dinner, and, as he had no idea you I would return to-night, he aocepted. He pro mised not to be late, and I expect him every moment. But even if be should be detained longer than be thought 1 can sit up for him, uncle.' ' You tire a model sister, Gwendolyn, as I know of old,' replied Mr. Carneggio ironically, 'but I cannot possibly allow anything of the sort.' 41 Yon must be so fatigued, uncle.' ' Not the least in the world; and you know he promised not to be lato.' Gwendolyn bit her lip, and was silent. If Milly had been older and more accustomed to the ways of the world, she might have made some pretty speech to relievo the awkwardness of this pause. As it »vas, she blushed vividly, and felt frozen by thecoldnessof Mr. Carneggie's voice and manner. Could this be the sumo man who hud been so entertaining and considerate during their long journey together ? Nearly every fsntence ot his *eeiued to havi» a sung in il to judge by the fuces of the two girls, and when Adelaide went to hia side with the crcam and poured it i;i laughingly drop by drop as if to prolong a pieuoRiit sM-viccJhebaid, quite harshly, Milly thought ; '? Do sit down, Adelaide. My arm is quite long enough Co reach the tray when I need any thing.' The next moment he turned to Milly with a kindly smile. ' If you really will not take janytbing morn. Miss Barton, you ought to go to bed. Shall 1 ring for Mrs. Lawermice to show you your room ? f hope you will dnd everything as you like; if not, pray speak to her, and whatever fault there may bo shall be instantly rectified.' Gwendolyn and Adelaide exchanged furtive glances. Many a lady of high degree had stayed at Kirby Castle and not received such honour from its grave master as he paid to this girl, who was certainly poor judging from her dress, and scarcely pretty. It was incompre hesible aud alarming. Was sho some relation whom he had discovered and meant to befriend at their cost ? or was he only giving them a lesson in politeness. There was no enlighten ment iu Mr. Carneggie's inscrutable face, but it was impossible to doubt that this Miss Burton, whoever she might be, was a guest wboJD the master delighted to honour, and so Adelaide took her cue accord ingly. She would go herself to see if that dear Mis* Burton was comfortable. It was so wretched to be in a strange house, a? she knew ; and, perhaps. Miss Burton would like a tire this night; coming off a journey, one is apt to be chilly, and just for once it would be a very par danab'e indul^cuof-.. She would &ce; about it. »? Pray don't lake the trouble,' intei posed Mr. Carneggie, colly. 'I told Mrs. Lawerence to lake care thai it was always lighted at the same time as yours.' Adelaide was disconcerted for a moment, but soon rallied, and puttiug hei arms playfully about her uncle's neck, kissed him with effu sion. 41 What a dear, considerate old darling you are !' she said. 44 You never forget anything or anybody, I do declare !' ^ Mr. Carnegie laughed rather grimly, as he sprang up to open the door. 44 You will make uie quite vain if you Hatter me so outrageously, Adelaide. Guod-night, Miss Burton,' he added, in a gender tone, as lie held out his hand. *4 1 earnestly hope that you will have a good night's rest.'1 But Milly knew that this was not to be even before she lay down. The most luxurious cham ber in the Castle had been selected for her, as she discovered later; her pillows were of down, the curtains of the bed of rich velvet; the fire burnt brightly into every comer, but sleep would not come to her heavy eyelids. This had been u strange day, and her nerves were over strained. Tbe thought of home came back to her with a rush, and every pulse in her body throbbed wildly as she pictured her mother lying sleepless too, thinking of her. And then, to what bad she pledged herself? Adelaide's sly deceit would be even more difficult to deal with than Gwendolyn's overt antagonism ; and if they conquered her between them, what should she have gained by her venture but Mr. Car \ neggie's . contempt ? Look which way she might, all seemed dark and threatening, and she quailed is spirit. She heard the two girls come whispering past her room ; a door closed softly, and then all was silent again. To timid people every unaccus tomed sound is alarming, and Milly did not, of course, know the habits of the house. The sough ol ihe wind, as it journeyed through the long, lonely passages, made her tremble, and when the hail smote the window pain, she had hard work to suppress a shriek. A step went backwards and forwards overhead - a step with a creak, intensified by the perfect silence tbat reigned everywhere. Milly was beginning to feci at last as if this were company, and was gradually subsiding into a state cf delicious drowsiness, when there came a ihundoting knock, succeeded by an impatient ring at the front door. This she guessed to be Alfred, for the Misses Carneggie might be beard whispering once, more in tbe passage. No doubt tliey hung over the banisters to find out what sort of reception he met with from their uucle, for they had tbe one merit often lacking in more virtuous people —a strong family feeling. However, this was only surmise on Milly's part, and needed con firmation. Anyhow, they rushed headlong back to their rooms presently, as if tbey had been scared; and fairly roused now, she began to listen again. Everything waa very ouiet for a while, aod then she heard the masters firm step on the stairs, followed by another less steady and certain. At her door both halted, and Mr. Carneggie said, as if this were the sequence of a foregoing speech : 14 You forget the Chinese saying, 4 If I am. de ceived onoe, tbe blame lies with the'deceiver ; if I am deceived twice, the blame lies with me.' Take this to bed with you, and sleep on it, sir. [ have been deceived once, as you know. I will forgive you if it happens again, because I shell quite understand that it is entirely my own fault.' Milly could not catch the answer, and the sense of expectancy that had kept ber on tbe alert all this while seemed to be broken suddenly, as if there were a spell in Mr. Carneggie's words that released her from farther watching. She pondered a little over what she had heard, bat her taou^bts became vagae then pleasantly confused, and at last she knew no more. CHAPTER XXII. Anew day generally brings new streugth and I courage to the young. MiUy awoke cheered j and refreshed, reauy ior uer auues, aim quiws determined to Bee only the bright side of the ] 6trange life she was beginning. If there was a j dull, persistent ache at her heart, she concealed it bravely, and had a morning smile for Mr. Garneggie, who sat quietly reading by the breakfast-room fire, waiting for some one to come and pour out his coffee. ' Did you sleep well ?' he asked, with kindly solicitude, as he shook her by the hand. ' Come and warm yourself, and then I will ask you to give me my breakfast, Miss Burton. My nieces are not very punctual, and [ have business with my steward at ten, so that I have not much lime to spare.' YT.llv cuniarl hnreclf at. nnrtP in front of the 1 jrn, saying that she never went near the fire if she could help it, and Mr. CarnegRie drew up his chair. Grave and severe he might be to his nieces, but to her he was not only courteous and attentive, but really kind. Gwendolyn came in presently and looked haughty and displeased when she found her seat occupied and her duties anticipated, but she found it advisable to mend her manners when her uncle said, as he rose and placed Milly another chair : 14 Miss Burton has been good enough to take pity on me. I have no doubt I shall often have 1 occasion to claim this little service at her hands.'1 ' inuceu, uncie, you won ' Why not ?' ' Because I mean to get down earlier for the future.' 44 You do me too much honour,' he answered, ironically. She coloured, and was silpnt ; hnt none the less was her mind made up to prevent Milly from usurping her tights, or making herself too dangerously useful to the master at Kirby Castle. For Gwendolyn, who was too proud to be jealous, acknowledged readily to herself that Milly was very pretty indeed. She had not thought so overflight, when the girl was look ing pale and tired ; but this morning, with her wild-rose bloom, her shining eyes, and rich bronze hair, her beauty was undeniable. And then she was gentle, but shrewd —a combination Mr. Carneggie was won't to speak of as very desirable and vorv rare. He Was old enough to be her father, but what of that ? Gwendolyn knew that this fact need not be an impediment, and if Milly were poor, she m'ght be glad to sacrifice somethiug for the sake of a rich husband, who would shelter her from the storms of the world, and make her life one long holiday. There was no fear of her refusing «uch a chance if it came in her way ; and grave and stern as Mr. Carneggie was, he might have his weaknesses, like other men. Gwendolyn had never yet seen the faintest sign of any such dis position in her uncle, but then he had never been tempted by the daily presence of anyone half so pretty us Milly. His nieces might have handsome friends, but, at any rale, they did not ask theni to Kirby Castle. Gwendolyn resolved to keep her uyc on Mr. , Carneggie. So far he was not alarming. Having finished J his hruukfasc he went off to the library with h | brief apolugy addressed to oue as much as the other, and the tioxt moment Alfred sauntered in. ' Confounded bore having to got up at such an unearthly hour,' he began in a discuntended tone ; then, catching sight of Milly. he stopped short, and a look of annoyance came into his vacuous face. 14 Miss Burton.' said Gwendolyn, curtly. He vouchsafed her a slight bow and u super cilious stare. Then drew hid chair to the table grumbling still in an undertone. ?« Everything cold, of course. I hate haddock, and chicken pie is detestable. What is there under those covers?' ' Anchovy-toast ana ueviltea Kianeys. * ' Ugh !'said Alfred, with a grimace expressive of extreme disgust. He walked to the sideboard, and came back with a plate full ot ham. But his morning apoetite, like his morning temper, did not appear to be of the best, for after trilling with his food a minute he pushed it away, and rang the bell for some soda-water. ?? Thsit port of Trelawney's is poison.' ho observed. ' One does not get the taste out of oue's mouth for a week, By Jove !' He stopped short, his pale, wide-open eyes fixed upon Milly, whilst an expression of the most intense surprise, and even consternation, pervaded his wervk, freckled f«we. ' I never knew anything more estraovdiuury in all my life .'' ' What is the matter ?' inquired Gwendolyn, t curiously. '? You look as if you had seen u ghost.' ?' A ghost !' he repeated, vaguely, his eyes still fixed upon Milly, who shivered slightly, but was quite calm. (To be continued iu Wednetda\fe Usite.) 