CHAPTER XIII. Perforce they would need to live on there for a time to keep down suspicion, and face the erquiries which the now break:ng day would bring. The children would easily be sat'sfied, but the viilaaers would need discreet management, and it was agreed the reason of the night flitting tale should be that poor Willet could not sum up the courage to say gocd-by to Lis many long standing friends. Little these latter thought through their months of enquiries that the one thought to to so far away was not many feet removed all the time. So time went on unt il the d flicult episode of the intended emigrant arose, but we have seen how this was met, and its results. Then the invention and announcement of the death followed. It was not sate to trust a message through the post, as it was a common practice f r tt e feminine flicial to know all her neighbours' business before they knew it themeelves, and euch a sub terfuge would only lead to an open dis covery. They would just have to announce the fact and keep their own counsel as to how it reacted them. The children's party was part of the scheme resorted to throw the villagers off their guard, for the one event comirg on the back of another in such direct contrast would furnish quite sufficient for the village gossipers and keep deeper questions out of their thoughts. And now thle way was made plain for apparent corrtship of the widow by the erstwhile apprentice and the Intended marriage, which followed in about nine months from the pretended receipt of the bad neas from abroad, and it created no surprise in the village when it became known they thought of leaving as soon as a purbclser could be found for the business, as OllinA had always had a hankering for farming. Thus the place was advertised as a going concern, and we came into possess:on, little thinking of what we were going to-that our home was really a mausoleum tenanted by the re mains of our ill-fated predecessor. Whether the ghost ever haunted the am urs of the guilty couple we never hoard, but it is very probable from the peculiar behaviour of the wrman when she precumab y came to see the lovely view from the dr ,wing-,onm window, but in leality to learn wanther their secret was still their own. Strange it is that criminals sooner or later return to the scene of their misdeeds, and in many cases arouse a suspicion which never before at'ached to them. We did hear subsequtn.ly when mentioning that mysterious Sunday visitor to a friend in the district that this inex. plicable event cccurred on the anniversary of the day poor Willet was repJrted as gone to America, and it is just possible a case of transmigration occurred in which the spirit of the woman actually visited the scene of the tragedy, the inten.ity of her thoughts on the anniversary of the event literally carrying her spirit away from the body and making her revisit the scene of her sin. Strange how the key of this domestic tragedy was found thr ugh a bombastec challenge made at a festive gathering that this challenge, given as a finale of the ghost story, should have been taken up in earnest; but net at all strange is it that the truths of the good o'd Book should be emrhasised in living experience "that what is whisp.red in secret shall be pro. claimed upon the house top," and "every secret thing shall be brought t) light." THE END. 