Pattet Pars Parliament has n't 1 »t it* inveter* nie Im 'i! — Mr. Afflttck. T ? ? Speaker's w.'iit -h .iteJ boy also came back victorious— -Harry Levien. J.dm M'Elhoueat;d Jawbone Xcilt are resurrected. At least a few good mmi were re jecttd at the general election. Ninian Melville will never woo the coalminers again. All the directors of the late Daily Post wore rejected as candidates. Said that ex-editor Ellis, of the Daily Post will take the lead of a Sunday piper in October. Leprosy is increasing at an alarm ing rate throughout Australia. The current wheat crop of Manitoba (Canada) is 30,000,000 bushels. Veteran Parkes is understood to be inconsolable and very irritable. How many ex-members bitterly ' be wail the fact that they wore ever in duced to adopt politic*. Parkes and his little party are talk ing of making a little Assembly of their own. They only want a revenue to start. Parliament «iil pro'nbly meet fop the dispatch of business on the 13th August. The new Governor of New South Wales will probably prove a second Carrington. Parliament has lost ita athlete and footballer — the quiet and inoffensive Jupp Gardiner. Premier Reid may now look for ward to an early K.C.M.G.-sbip with certainty. The highly intelligent electors of Molong are once more represented by that accomplished orator, Dr. Ross. Crick's latest ambition is to become leader of tbe Opposition. More haste — less speed, Paddy. Tho temperance party at least Toted for men— not measures — of grog. Mr. 'Joe' Cbamberhan promises to prove the beat friend the producers of Australia ever had. The National Ass. is about to give up the ghost. But it never lived— it only existed. The gold yield of Victoria for last quarter shows an increase of 15,854 . ozs., compared with tbe first quarter of the year. After all the general elections '.have not considerably altered the personnel of Parliament. 'Will any of the new Parliament make their mark in the present Par liament? There is a large vacancy for talent. With Dibbs, ParkeB, Copeland, and Wise out of the fi^ld, Lyne has his op portunity for leadership. Crick, Meagher, and Bull rule the legal rooBt in Sydney. They triumph over the courts, and now they invade the s-icrtd precinctB of Parliament. 'Too many lawyers in the House ' says an old politician, ' never gets proper legislation with a parcel of at torneys always arguing about 1 no things.' What's in a name? Dean Stretch is the name of a Ballarat clergyman. W e nearly bad a Dean ' stretch ' in Darlingburst the other day. ,It is a general opinion that Sir Geo. Dibbs' political career has closed. Mr. Copeland is very anxious to es tablish a morning protectionist paper. The blockade at Truth office against the bailiffs threatens to be as pro longed as the Beige of Paris. The business which takes most money over the counter in Sydney at present receives 10 times more silver, and 20 times less gold and notes than it did two years ago. ? The golden sovereign is much more in evidence now than in years past. Notes abounded twelve months ago, and the sovereign was a rarity. Now it is the other way about. Eddy hopes to make his salary good i out of the Reid victory. The general opinion is that the chief commission er has imbued our railways with all he knows, and his late holiday trip can not have been a very edifying one. Tbe new Parliament from an intel lectual point of view iB no improve ment on the last Assembly. Reid and ntia nnlv flnpfilrprfl oF finv Viivn WUV ♦ ??'J ? ? J power in tbe now House. Adrian Knox, M.P., did not draw his members salary last parliament. He and Bruce Smith are bo far the only twoconaiatent opponents of pay ment ofmembers. A great American mining expert is iu Sydney. The mines in the Luck now district are occupying his atten tion at the Dresent time. Memories of ihe|polden days of Day lesford, Victoria; are revived by the luck of a '.fossicker, who picked up a nugget in the 'old workings worth uearly a thousand pounds. George Dean is forgqften. He is unnoticed even by the passengers on bis North Shore boat. Such is fame. Tbe popular upheaval against Judge Windeyer haB likewise subsided. An endeavor is being made to have Mr. McMillan's seat declared vacant, on the ground that bis long absence from the colony has disqualified him. Dr. Ross, M.L.A., calls upon the Council to defy the Government and reject land taxation, otherwise there will be the most horrible revolution on record. Citizens of Sydney boast that they can get along well without the assist ance of the country. Nearly every item of food supplies may be more cheaply imported. 