MISSION TO MEN AT ST. i PAUL'S CHURCH. Last evening the Eev. E. A. Crawford continued his mission services to men in St. Paul's Church, Latrobo-terraco, when the subject of the sermon was " The Divine. Ordinances of the' Universal Church." The imperishable truths of the universal faith, he said, were the trinity, the incarnation, and the atonement attested by the resurirectiou. Before the church had framed any creed the King Himself had embodied those truths in permanent ' ordinances ; baptism, by which each person is to be admitted into the univeral church, and the Supper of the Lord, bv which the regenerate life is nourished. Men so easily conclude that all ordinances are unspiritual that had not Christ Himself ordained these rites, many men who now retain them would have flung" them aside long ago. In baptism, " Into the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost," the doctrine of the Trinity is kept alive and published "abroad. By baptism we are naturalised " into the kingdom of light and love. It depends,' however, upon our fnith whether we realise • our position, live up to. it, and reap its blessings. There are good and earnest Christian men who cannot grasp theidea of a spiritual kingdom united upon the ground of a. common baptism. They would substitute as the basis of church union an inward agreement of faith. This involved great difficulties of discernment. Baptism, was dearly intended to bo the basis of church union. But without faith the blessing canuot bo realised. . Faith was absolutely necossary for the individual, though it caunot be said to bo the basis of church union. Baptism1 was the constaut witness of a Heavenly Father's love, of the holy spirit continually present to bless and sanctify. In the Supper of the Lord was enshrined the doctrine of the atonement. Here we proclaim the Lord's death as the one sacrifice for sins once offered. The holy supper even preaches Christ and Him crucified. An earnest appeal was made to all to prepare ior this holy feast where the manna from Heaven awaits the sotylq who constantly need sustenance and renewal. . 