A NliBHT AT NARORA. Br pitEBVB Boa. Alison reined in hia liorsa afc'the top of tho zig-zag doaocnt, and gazed down with tho delight of an artist upon the. loveliest valley to b'o found in all tho ploturosquo Hawkesbury country. It was shut in almost completely by gum olnd hills, tho girdling walla whereof weie broken in iwo plaoss only1 — wbero tho Narora entered ths valley, and where, aftor dssoribing a .shlning'silvor S, it flowod forth to join the'dls tint Hawkesbury. This was not ths first time Alison baddooked upon the Eoene. . He )md paid one or two-previous viBita to -Horora, but bad not stayed moro than a few ' hours' on saoh ocossion. '- Now, however, ho intended to stay ldng. enough to paint a pioturo of the valley which he had dstormined should be his master- pieoe, and should make his brother arttati sage green with envy. . .-Ho dismounted and led his horso slowly down the breakneok z!g-zag cut in the almost pre- cipitous'faoe of the hill The aagaoio'us animal knew its way .better- than did its leader, and aoeompliahcd the desosnt chiefly on its haunohes, pulling itself lip jiist in tlmp to osoaps plunging through the roof of d weather board cottage which was built against driBinaU olifl at ' tho bottom of the zig-zag " In this oottage dwelt this Alexander Selkirk of the Valley, a fisherman by the name of 'Crosby, with- his 'Wife and' two- daughters, handsomo Hawkesbury girls with complexions of mingled amber brown and applo.icd and arms which could have oerved as models for a pair intendod to take the place of those. lost by tho Venus of Milo, but whiob, nevarthcloif, oouldsend a boat through the water in a styls whioh would have been admired by a professional sculler Tlie presence of these damsels in the valley did not, it may be guessed, detraot from its pietureaquouesB in the eyes of the artist. Ho had previously arranged with the fisher man to rent a two roomed cottage, whioh stood, in the midst of a small garden, containing! peach, orange and apricot trees and vines bear-J log huge clusters of fat blaok Isabella grapes, on i the further side of tbo river, about half a milt from Crosby's cottage, and hidden from it by a projecting spur of tbo hill opposite. His meals he proposed to take with the fisherman's family. Tbo NArora Naiads gave him a frank wel come, nob' untinged with a slight touch of coquetry. Their sire, the rivor god, was re pairing hia boats in tbe little dock he had made about 100 yards distant from the house. Alieon trolled down towards him and sat on tho bank smoking ana talkiog for an hour or so as he watohed him at work. When the pair returned to the house the shadows wore beginning to slant eastward, but the valley was still bathed In sunlight That excellent fish, the mullet— the dainty silver SAnd mullet, not the squalid sca- vengering mud rnhUct, which is au obscene fish, was the chief dish upon tbo table when they eat down to dinner, or tea, as tho evening meal is caUed by dwellers on the Hawkosbury and its tributaries. Tea over and tabic cleared, ths fisherman and the artist lit their pipes and com menced to yarn Crosby had been a sailor in bis younger days, and had many ourious stories to toll-of hia experiences on the high sens. Tho talk gradually drifted around to the subject of tho supernatural Crosby said that he was no believer in ghosts, but a strange thing had happened one night when he was towing. down the river on his way to a distant fishing ground. "It was nearly full moon," ho said, " and everything wob as clear as if it was daylight — except in places | where the oreek took a bend, and thore it was I Bo blaok dark, youiiad to fsel your, way along. I This didn't trouble me, as I knew the course of I the creek by heart, and could have got along j blindfold almost as well as with my oyes open. i While I was passiug through one of thase dark ' reaobos, I heard the sound of oars,abtad of me. I I oouldn't make.it out. There wasn't, and isn't | now, a soul living on the creek but mysalf. Dick ( Anderson ia my neAreBt neighbor, and he, as I you know, livesoverlO miles away, close to where | tho Narora joins the Hawkesbury I didn't I bother puzzling over tbo matter, however, but put a spirt on, thinking to overtake tbe party, whoever it wns, that was in the boat, and have company down the creek. As I swept around tho bend into the moonlight I saw him slid ing steadily along, about six boat longtbs in front of mo. Now I'm reckoned even at tbe preuent time one of tho best oar«men in the district, and in those days I was a lot better man In a boat than I am now I gut annoyed at not being able to easily overhaul the cove ahead, so I lay back to my oars and sent the Boat ripping through the water till I could hear It hissing under her bow -After tearing along In this way for about ton minutes I glanced over my shoulder, and, strike me silly, if the cove wasn't still tho same distance awAy, and pulling, so it seemed to me, as easy as if he'd only come out on the oreok to rest himself ! I was real mad by this time aod made up my mind that I'd run him down if I had to burst a blood vesae! in doing it. Out of tbe moonlight, around the dark bends and into the moonlight again I followed him, tho sweat streaming down my fnoe and my bieath coming iu gasps. At hot we shot into tho two mile reaoh, which was shining under the moon Jike the quicksilvered back of a looking glass. And then I stopped and turned around to tAKe a fair look at tho oovo who had made suoh a show of mo on my own bit of water. His back was turned to the moon, so I couldn't make out his features, but the light shone on his hands and tbey were white as ohalk. I sung out to him something about its being a fine night, and asked him. if he would like to go fishing, but be never answered. And, in a second, while my eyes were fastened on him and hia boat, both disappeared. They couldn't havo gone under, becaune thero wasn't a ripplo left on the water where they had besn, And thore was no other way in which things of flesh and blood, and honest substantial wood could disappear so suddenly. I've never seen tho same sight since, and I never want to see it again." M So you conolude it was a ghost in a ghostly boat, like the lady with fhe firefly lamp, who rows o'er tho Lake of the Dismal Swamp all night in her birch oanoe?" said Alison, with a smile. ' I've told you I don't believe In ghosts," replied tlie fisherman somewhat testily. But," he added thoughtfully, after puffing silently at hia pipe for a few moments, "there's some queer stories told about nnoanny alghte that have been Been in this very valley. You know the garden around the oottake voii are going to livoint" ' Alison nodded. "Well thero is a big log at the bottom of It, amongst a lot of reeds just by the bank of the ereok. Many years ngo,: long: bofore I cams hero, a murdor. was ' committed there. .Two mwyera wro .working on the plaoo at the time. Ono of therQ. was' married. and lived with his wife in tho cottage you are going to ocoupy. The other camped - in a - tent closo by. The woman was young and good looking, and her husband waa jealous of her. Tbey say ho had reason Anyhow, he made his mate drunk ono night and then took him down to the log at the end of the garden, dropped his head off aud throw the body into tho creek. He was hanged for tlie murder afterwards on that same old gallows which you may still see standing on the flat, about two milos up the oreek. That was away baok In the oonvict days, but the story goes that every night since then, at a oartain hour, the ghoat of tho murdorer may bo aeon beside the log chopping off the head of the othor ghoat, I nevor saw the porformanoe myself, but I know several pereolia who olaim to have aepn it," ... Tho lamp bad been burning for some time when Alison rose to take his leave for the night, When the door was oponed hs oaw that tho val ley was filled with darkness Ho was not super stitious, but be heartily wished that the fisher man had kept hit; yarns for another ooeaMion, Mrs. Crosby, wboprobably gnesued his thoughts, pressed him to stay where ho was for tho night, remarking that there was a bed in a spare room to wtitoh be ' was welcome. He was about to thankfully acoept her offer when he oaught the eyes of tho two girls fixed upon bim in what he took' to be a glanco of malioious amassment. This was too muoh. Whatever might happen, he wouldn't let them see that he was afraid So he-laughed, with some difficulty, aod said that he might as well make the acquaintance of his ghostly neighbors at once if it had to be done. With this valiant remark on hia lipa he plunged into tho darkness. , "Take care of yourself," Crosby cried out after him. ' The observation was a commonplace one, -yet, somsitow, it fell - with ominous significanoo on, bis ear. But Alison - possessed both moral and physical courage, and by a strong offort of will power kept bis thoughts from-dwelHng on tho ghostly subjects sug gested bVthe storlos of the fisherman. Leav- 'mgThe-skiftsof the projecting spur previously mentioned, .h&Struck; into tho meadow, whioh '13'oked like a lnfe of darkness. Hero ho began fokiog/ift tho'tdof. his voice all tbe scraps of soiig beonld foihomber, buddenly, in tho midst of W'gh note,. ho felt something rise up underhlm' WpiclrllfCed lain from tbo ground ahd-'tbrow himforwai)l on his face. He lay thdr Ak witli fright ifiU ho heard tho sound of lieavy.-bfeathing"oloiO beside him. Then ho sprang W nfaWet ydih a groat gap of relief, whioh end«d;iha"hcarty laugh as it was borne in on bim that bis bravura singing had disturbed tbe repot# of a cow that mutt have beon in tho act of rising when he cannoned against her. This little incifient cheered him greatly, and dissi pated alt his nervousness. Who could> harbor ghostly thoughts after colliding with a oow? He went on his way with a light heart but oare ful steps, because although he had been at the cottage over the river on several occasions by daylight he had never before made the journey at night. And this night was so dark that he might easily walk into the river without seeing it. As luok would have it, however, ho tumbled against tho very swamp oak to which the boat used for crossing tho creek was moored. He unloosed tbe painter, and bringing tho boat oloso up to the bank clambered in cautiously and headed her in the direotlon, as -nearly as he oouid guess it, of the little pier on the ' other sldo. There was on tbo face of the water a faint wan glimmar, ghastly as the gleam of dead men's eyes. Alison pulled a tew steady strokes which should have taken him aorou, but did not. He began to think ho was drifting down stream when with a swisk- swatk the boat ran into a bed of reeds. At this moment tho upper rim of tho rising moon appeared above the crest of the opposite hill, and he saw with a shudder that he was within an oar's length of tho haunted log. But thero was nothinf un- canny about it The ghostly sawyors— suppos ing that tbe legend was something more than a mere riverside myth— had evidently either con cluded their performance or not commenced it Ho baeked his boat out of the reeds and brought her up to tho pier, . whioh. was now clearly viniblo in the moonlight. After making her fast, . he . walked up - to the cottage ; with the door key in his hand.. And then he hesitated, and In a moment cold fear took ppsaesiion of biro, and frozo tho blood around bis heart. Listening intently he thought he heard something stirring inside tbo cottage Tho strain upon his nervos was too intense to be borne. .With a twist of hia wrist he opened the door, and, striking a mateh, lit the candle whioh had been left for him upon tho table in the outer room. Then he throw ojion tho bed room door,, which was situated nt- the further end of the .wooden partition whioh divided tire two rooms. There was, of course, nothing un earthly in tho cottage. Alison got into bed quickly and blew the caudle out. He was beginning to drift gently down tho tide of sleep wlion he heard a sound which , caused him to nit bolt upright in bed and listen with his soul in his ear. It was as it a blind man was groping for. the latch of the outer door. And then he thought he heard ths door swing slowly Inward on Its hihges, and the SAmo fearsome groping Continued along tho par tition accompanied by a pushing sound as of feet that had been treading in ooze. The Bounds ceased outside the bedroom door, which oponed outwards into the outer room, and Alison (who by this time was, 'with his eyes fastened on tho door, orouobiug in the attitude of a wild beast about to spring) conjured up a picture of the headless, water sodden corpse of the raurdored sawyer standing on the other Bide of it trying to get in. His nerves govs wny, and, with a wild yell, be flung himself in a heap Against the door, and dashing it violently baok, rolled aeroBs tbe floor of the outer room. When he discovered In a few moments that he wss tho victim of his own imagination, ho. picked himself up with a gr m laugh, and after drawing on his trousers and boots, marched deliberately down through the garden till ho came fcd the haunted log. It was broad moonlight by . this time, and no ghosts were to be neon. Alison had worked himself into a. rage over the humiliating thought that he hnd been actually frightened, and shouted out a challenge to all the ghosts in the neighbor hood to come forth and show themselves if they had any oourago at alL A weird echo that came aoross the river from the opposite hill was all he heard in reply Ho returned to tho oottage and went to bed again. But not to sleep. Some unacoountablo fasoination kept hln eyes fixod on the bedroom window, upon whioh the moon was shining. All at once a shadow crossed the light and he saw a whito face pressed against the panes. Not being frightened on this occasion, he attributed the apparition to the . effects 'of indigestion NevertheUis, as sleep was now out of the queHtion, ho arose and dressed himself, . , I must see. a dootor before thin goes ton far," lie said to bimHelf as be closed tbe door' of., the oottnge behind him. And almost while. , the words were otv.blo lips he :saw,- orouohing upon the little pier, the form of a female. How came sho there and what did she want 7 He asked her, not without misgivinet! ai,. „ . tho boat Evidently sho wanted oorobs the Xlrer. Then ho reool el ,> «!»« 7 » lr"ok JcAUibB from the towM.hin MP nbout 10 miles cliitant, to tho cot?« r,li traoVwaa umcl in rare ocea.lon,, by n®8!' \hi'k ing bualneas. with Cronby. the « f hlt- Apparently the woman, who aPI1Cw', young, wna one of theoo. PP«»roil t0 Alieon stepped Into tho boat and tl„ torlous femalo followed him and sat I ln»„ ,ra?'' atom scat. Ho was about to row . 10 "< aho shook her hoad and pointed nn atr.I'1 11111 "Anything to please a lady," |,Q amilc. Ho waa beginning to eonstruct a ram 1 out of the adventure. But all bi«i iff e# draw his strange passenger into conver,'!!:'0 were fruitless. She drew her bla"k . ' 1 oloaely around her and kept bar 1 fixed on a point ahead. This coiuW the artist, who wa. not used l. bS this way by members of the sex. bimsolf with' tho thought that aha S'Sj dumb, and rowed on in silence. " When they arrived abreast of a 8m.n „ , overgrown with myrtle and tl-tr.o she ,TS„L him to atop rowing. Ho did no, and (u„ u tho boat's nose up to the bank Th» I 8 ' got out, and without a word or a back?.®, glance, walked aorosa tbo . flat in ,n,.UhJ direotion till hs lost sight of her. Hi, ouriL'1-?' was now thoroughly nrouaod, and turninv t!7 boat up stream onao more; he rowed arson t bend of the oreok whioh skirted tho unner tion of the flat And thore ho saw 2" again. Sitting nndor the black skeleton of tS old oonviot gallows, which stood un itank . . ghastly In the moonlight. p stk N Next morning,- -when Alison oame to b...v fast, tho fisherman hdtioed . that lie lodM ourioualy pale and aakod him the reason, p told him what had happened durinr it! night ... ' "Ah !" said, tbe -fisherman gravely, "Yon must hav. aeon the sawyer's wife. She found dead nndor' the gollows the night aft!! her husband waa hangod. They .ay that ht ghost appears at times, and asks to be rowfdnn the river, but / nevor saw it I forgot tol.ii you about bor last night." That morning Alison led his horse un tha zig-zag,- arid from the summit looked down., the Haunted Valley of Narora for the k5 time. . ' His maitarpioos has 'riot been painted' Ha- died within the year. - 