CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. "THE RE-ENSLAVEMENT OF CHRISTENDOM." Under the above title and in the North Adelaide Congregational Church on Sunday evening, the Rev. Dr. Jefferis gave a reply to the recent speeches of Prior Vaughan and Cardinal Moran on the subject of the reunion of tbe churches. After speaking generally of attempts made to accomplish the reunion of Christendom, Dr. Jefferis went on to say:— j The Pope proposes the reunion of Christen dom. 1 nave carefully considered the terms propounded, and ' I say the Pope requires the re-enslavement of Christendom. When free men unite it is to respect each other's opinic/ns, to offer honorable com promise, to join as far as may be on equal terms. Let us see what the Australian Cardinal and the Enclish Prior are offering their fellow-Christians on behalf of the Bishop of Some. The cardinal, indeed, declares that while in matters of faith there can be no com promise in matters of discipline the Pope could make concessions if he pleases. And so Anglican orders, the validity of episcopal ordination, a married priesthood, and worship in English instead of Latin. These could be dealt with on their merits, as the Pope might think fitting. As for all the graver questions in debate, the infallibility of the Pope, the coitus of the Virgin Mary, the invo cation of saints, indulgences from the fire of purgatory, masses for the dead, these, and a number of other articles of belief at present rejected by the Protestant churches, must be accepted implicitly. The prior declares that nothing which appertains to tbe essence of the | church might be altered j-that the constitution, authority, and sacraments are immutable. Auricular confession would be insisted on. The Holy See might possibly make concessions, but it would be on .matters not deemed of vital importance. He does not think, as the ra.rHma.l seems to, that clergymen should be j permitted to marry. Only it is not unlikely that the Holy Father would graciously allow , those already married to retain their wives and children. As for the young priests, they* are to accept celibacy-ties which the Apostle Peter formed, the successor of St. Peter condemns. They must dwell apart without wife or child or home. I ' shall not attempt to .-follow Prior Vaughan in his wild statement that 240,000,000 of people are united in the Papal Church "as one man." But a word needs to be said. Does he include the Italians in Borne? I once saw Pius IX. performing High Mass in the Church of Son Carlo Borvomeo. He was guarded against attacks from hre own Roman subjects by a triple file of soldiers with fixed bayonets, ranged- from - the door of entrance to the very steps of the altar. United as one man! Surely the prior has never been to Italy, or Germany, or France, or even Spain. In the very heart of Roman Catholic ism there is revolt, deep and deadly, against Papal rulel And I beg you not to trust implicitly to the prior's reading of history. The Rev. Haskett Smith has characterised it as "superb audacity." We may agree with him inhi? estimate of Henry VOL, but when he lauds Queen Mary, and evidently regrets the failure of fhe Armada, when he traduces Queen Eliza beth and sneers at her with a bit of unpriestly witticism, and when coming with a bound to our own times' he asserts that Lord Halifax and tiie English people are longing to be re united with the centre of Christendom, we ccc at once that he knows little of the mind and temper of the English race. I must leave it for those who can speak with greater authority than myself to Bay whether the High Church party has accepted "almost all the doctrine and even the ritual of the Papal Church," whether there are over 3,000 clergy men and 30 Anglican bishops united in sym pathy with Lord Halifax, endorsing "the humble, beautiful, and spiritual letter" which be issaid to have "placed at the feet of the Vicar of Christ." But I venture to express the opinion that while the High Church party has followed too closely the ritual of Borne and has adopted some of the doctrines which our fathers of the Reformation repudiated and put away, yet that the greater number of the clergymen and a yet larger proportion of their followers are stoutly opposed to Papal domination. In their dreama of reunion with the Roman Church they have not dreamt of submission to. an infallible Pope. Of tbe Broad Church and the Evangelicals, and of (he Christian sects outside the Episcopal (these last alone numbering more than one-half the nation) I can speak with greater confidence. They would as soon think of rendering civil obedience to the Czar of Russia as of render ink spiritual obedience to the Bishop of Rome. My contention then is that the reunion of -Christendom upon the , 'terms haughtily proffered by the Pope would be the re-enslave ment of Christendom; Three centuries and a half ago our ancestors broke the fetters forged in an erQ time. We are asked to return to the spiritual bondage of the middle Ages. Listen to the great historian of English literature, "From the fourth century gradually the dead letter was substituted for the living faith. Christians resigned .themselves into the hands of the clergy, and lie clergy into the hands of the, 'Pope. 'Christian faith was reduced to the accomplishment of works, and works to the ac- MiTmftnfcnf<*;i'ftnioniMi ? ? ? In place of Christianity tbe Church, in place of free belief an imposed orthodoxy, in place of heart and energetic thought external and mechanical discipline. These axe the characteristics of the middle ages. Under this constraint a HwnVfng society had ceased to toink, and man kind, slothful and crouching^ made over their oonsct?no? and their conduct into the of their prieste, and were as puppets, capable' only .ox reciting & catechism and chanting a hymn,_" Do yousay tbe middle ages are gone, tod with them the spiritual domination of the priesthood. My reply is that the ?^*f"" now advanced by the Papacy are greater than they were when Luther renounced bis allegiance. In declaring the infallibility of the Pope at the Secumenical Council of 1870, is asserting that he is . the one. mouthpiece of the Holy Ghost, Rome arrogates for him a divine authority which Uildebrand and Innocent dared not say was theirs when kingdoms were at their feet. "The Rome of the M.'tMl.. ages claimed universal monarchy. The modern Church of Rome has abandoned nothing, re tracted nothing." We are not concerned to-night with the doctrines of the Papacy. We are to look at it j rather in regard to its policy, its government, and the relation of this to the civil power, the bearing of this -or. Australian dtizenship. Your attention is invited, not to its creeds, or its rtimiplino, or its methods of wor ship, but to one great feature of its policy, which I deem to be antagonistic to the free dom which is the inalienable heritage of the sons of Britain. In our days, and "nnng those who have won for themselves the largest results of truth and the fairest fruits of civilisation, there is no principle mare settled. Listen to Mr. Gladstone, a High Churchman more eagerly held, more constantly acted on than the right of peoples to govern them selves. The divine nghtof kings was buried in the tomb of George EEL If you will but fairly consider those revolutionary efforts that are being put forth in Europe you may discemt under all extremes of socialistic opinion and anarchic action, the resolute determination of the people themselves to achieve their own destiny. It is the last teaching of the new political philosophy and, may I say it, of the old gospel of Christ. It comes to us as the ripest result of experience and as the . truest exposition of the words of' the Master. The despot, the auto crat, the dictator, the unconstitutional monarch belong to an age that is effete. Here, in Australia, we are fully resolved to govern ourselves. Civil freedom is the breath of our nostrils. How, then, shall we explain $be anomaly that in the religious sphere it is with many so different; They belong to a church where constitutional liberty such as they demand in civil life must not be dreamt of. There they recognise a human autho rity to which they must render implicit and unquestioning obedience. All real power is vested in the clergy. The laity have no share. If the head of the vast organisation is a single man, endowed with almost unlimited power, he is the supreme autocrat, the in fallible teacher, the divine arbiter in faith and morals, and in all the multitudinous questions arising ahtut these in social and political life. That unquestioning obedience to such sn autocrat is paid by men of British blood is something to wonder at. The wonder deepens when we find that this absolute monarch is not of British race. He is not one of us either by birth or affinity. He belongs to a race, clever indeed and. quick-witted, who when they had lost the mastery of the world by failure of martial courage won back their ascendency by playing on superstitious fears. . This Italian race, descendants of those degenerate Romans, have not been trained to freedom, although of late they have become free. The clerical party among them, accus tomed to subservience, know nothing of the spirit of liberty, nothing'of the methods of constitutional government Into the bands of a man of Jsuch a race, of Buch a party, we British Christians are asked to place ourselves with unquestioning submission. Christians who above all others ought to be free, British Christians who ought tobe the freest of free men, are asked confide their spiritual interests, which ought to be dearer to them than life, to this alien despot I have read of Australian councils held touching the government of Australian men and of the decisions of such councils being transmitted to Borne to be approved or con demned by an Italian ruler. We are happily free from sacerdotal usurpations, free from the terrors of ecclesiastical tribunals. But if any large section of our countrymen bow with Bervility before the representative of a foreign autocrat or yield passive obedience to a supreme arbiter of faith and morals we get within the Church a danger that menaces the State. One would have thoughtthatlongagotheChurch of Christ would have risen in righteous scorn against such base-i less authority, would have cast off a yoke fit. only for children or for men in the infancy of knowledge. National protest has indeed been signally delivered. Of the great nations which four centuries ago rendered obedience to the Pope one only, boastful, indolent, superstitious, yields herself without condition. Spain, tiie benighted, 16 still the darling daughter of Rome. But Italy in in rebellion, France is defiant, Germany is hostile. Eng land through all her liistory has brooked with ill-conuealed impatience an alien ecclesiastical rule. To-day she treats the supercilious ad vances of the Papacy with courteous con tempt. There is little danger that Victoria will follow the example ot John or Mary or James IL As fcr Australia, who dreams, save Prior Vaughan, that she will be content to be ruled in spiritual affairs by an old-world conclave sitting on the banks of the Tiber We belong to the new world. There is no place for either civil or spiritual despotism among the Australian people. 