SION ETA HY AND COMMERCIAL The Argus Office, Friday Evening. During the past week the quotation in London for British consols shows that the hall of the previous week has been recent years. The quotation is now 100, being the same as that on the latter,. The recovery lauelcome, both as showing the favourable position of the mark, as well as furnishing an address tion of the views taken upon the political situation Neirl) till colonial Government stocks have again fallen, the only denomination showing a rise being Victorian 19 percent . which are i Initiier. Other 31 per cents have fallen from i to 1 New Zealand stocks show the stoutest full, but this is not to be slandered ar, for by this time the disquieting details of the best Bank of New Zealand reconstruction, and the almost reckless indifference n selected! for the interests of the unfortunate shareholders, must have become known in London. The London money market continues firm at 15 per cent per annum for three months' bank bills The last return of the Bank of England shows but little alteration, the reserve amounting to £31,8 10,000. Complaints are rife in town concerning certain manufactured articles which are being imported from Japan. The "Jap" is sometimes reported as Killing; no moral code in mi) possible senseless whether this is doing him on injustice or not is one question, and the met That be is stumping his goods Made in England is another Possibly) the Customs department will watch the evolution of Tokio into Birmingham wares In the meantime the quality, of Japanese imitations of English manufacturers is not consolatory)' to the minds of the prophets of evil who are expecting Japan to supersede England as the great manufacturing nation A short time ago Victorian protectionist writers were jubilant our the funded This cover) thntJnpan was going to manufacture its own cast iron pipes, and that therefore the sun of England was setting for ever. The fuels are, however, as follows The city of Tokio wants 50,000 tons of water pipes. In 1863 it invited tenders for 10,000 tone, and Messrs Macfarlane, Strang, and Co., of Glasgow, put in the lower but Hut the counterpart in Tokio of the protectionist turf) in Melbourne raised a disturbance, insisting that the pipes should he made at home. The authorities )ie).le*.l, and the contract was given to a native Com pany regardless of cost, 'The- native com- past) contracted to deliver within 12 months, but before the time was up it had given up the ghost, and a new" company was formed to li gales hit the contract. 'The new company) took about 18 months to deliver 1,500 out of the 10,000 tons, and is, to quote an American paper, " it became apparent that time would run into eternity before home Industry) got all that piece cast" the Tokio authorities in neil tenders from abroad for another 10,000 tons, The contract was taken by a Belgian him, not because it could produce more cheaply than English lines, but because an English ship owner undertook to carry the pipes at 8s. per ton less from Antwerp them from London, Since then tenders for another 10,000 tons have been milled, unit Messrs, Macfarlane, Strang, and Co have secured It. The same firm has also secured a contract for TOO tons of 181 of pipe for the Yokohama A utterly works Company) Itlscvtdentl) not quite an item that Europe! has as yet been wiped out by Japan, for the objection against time running into eternity) in business matters must always till. Much interest is felt in Melbourne with regard to the French vintage of the present year, as prices obtainable in Uimluiiil for Australian wines are dependent in some measure upon the supply of French wines. It is too early to state final results, but the Revue des Vins of Liqueurs, of ROtli Sop tember, reviews the situation provwinnall), Our contemporary) states that the estimate of run from 22 to 30 millions of littitohtres, but for itself favours the higher Illaro. Assum- ing it to be realised, the comparison (in gallons) for the last four years will be as follows , PRODUCTION OF WINE IN FRANCE' dillons if>2.o,i),soo,oon IS li ... 1,101,' I' (810 18111 HMS, filling) IN), (maximum estimate) J. (iU0,loS,000 This year's production will evidently be much has than that of either 1896 or lH'll 'The quotes) will, show for, as a rule, his very inspiring On directs the quantity will Ill- equal to.) that of Bill and the quality) much superior 'The wines of nuntin in I sent rate of. Unit now in quarantine hut (and in quality. Kingsmill) v his will also be poor, but a full) . was sent time- is looked at her, in ( liniiipngiii, while there were iipiirdiiiisioiia regarding production and phylloxera, it is believed " that everywhere I the quality will leave but little to be desired." In the Chnrcnteu the production is very fine clear, but the alcoholic strength is very lllBll. ' " On the whole, Australian shippers of wine in lSDIi will have to compete with French wines of high quality, but of limited quan- city. After all, a very small proportion of the French production is exported. 