At jASB SiBiOW,^ A:\ithor <£?'Irilhtd5rUs& "WrfVMerie"! _ ■ know > ' ■ supposeyou L^S'8|w^P^^TO§pi|fm^v -as far as they •• -i-are concemed?'^®^^^ "No, no, never mind About (hem,** said \- Merle. "I'm not at all Bntethatl<»nldex plain the ins and-outa of at.' '-I'm: aogotd■ j at things of the .kurd;" said Sir Ben can didly. " But some investments went wrong, so that we lost a good deal, and yon did too. Ibelieveit Webs-nobody's: fault. Then a snddenemergency-UTOBe: Some mortgage^ was expiring, and the mortgagees came down on my father un expectedly, at any rate he uras in imme- < diate want of five thousand. .Well,. I had. .. more than that from my. mother, and as I. had just come of age, we settled thqtl should advance the sum. My fitthe'r was ; over in Dublin at that time, and I* was np in town with Dion. * He add I Were nearly of an age/you know, and t Tfetnember hoW ^ sold be was one day when he found ont from his guardian that his money uuafied: ; np nntil he wastwenty-five. He wished to realise every penny of it, probably be--: cause hethoughtmy fatherrwghtwantit. Ton know the sort of fellow Dion was;. he'd have given Ids woiBt enemies the coat ' ' off his bank if they seemed to be in straitsX; However, of course, Dion couldnt touch it.. By Jove, I recollect he expresBedhissenti- ( ments on the subject in very forcible Ian. 1 guage while we were "tramping doWa Gower-street in a hail-shower alter the j interview. "Why did they do that?" said Merle, j " It was a great pity." "Oh, his father bad left'-it-so fey will years before. I daresay he thought itpru ■ dent, as Dion would- have ho one but his mother to look after hinn Of course it - was absurd. If a man can't manage his own affairs before he's: twenty-five," said Sir Ben, who had not yet atfcained to that age, " he's never likely to acquire "the art. However, my father "urgently waited the money by a certain day. It was all we ' could do to get the business settled- in: j : time, and Dion, who was then just going \- over to Dublin, was'to bring it with him. There' was some accursed term -exatnina-' tion" coming on," he said,-meaning the epithet so sincerely that he: did not feel' as if its strength required any apology, " which I didn't want to miss, so I waited for it. We went to get the money at the : Bank in the morning. Awful young asses we were in those days. I believe we thonght it rather a magnificent- transac iiomgWe took it in sovereigns; they seemed more substantial, and we figured to ourselves that there might be some difficulty about English notes in Ireland., i And in the evening X went to see Dion off - at Euston Square with some other' fellow. Who was it?" # "Bernard Dunlop?" Merle snggeited, half involuntarily to expedite matters. Pauses seemed long to her. ' . Sir Ben looked startled. "Dunlop? Oh, no. But what on earth do yon know about Bernard Dnnlop ?" ' " Oil, I used to. hear the name some times," said Mede, " that was alL" - " Well, we never knew-much about him" either, but enough to see wha-fcazLout- and out scoundrel he Was; an Tmcommohly clever one, too, and liked by everyone in a way. They say he might have done any- i . thing he pleased, if he had chosen to be moderately respectable, bnt he distinctly didn't choose. I believe , he was really rather mad. Some people say he even- ' tnally went quite off ins head, and is in an asylum abroad; at .any rate;-he -has dis- j appeared off the face of the earth, much to its advantage." Mede listened intently to this little character sketch, and breathed more freely ; at its conclusion. "There was a tremendous storm that night," Sir Ben continued, " I went down \ to Oxford, and the carriage windows were threatening to blow in every minute all the way. It was pitch dark besides, and pouring. When the mail-boat -came in at Kingstown next morning, they : found Dion's portmanteau and. other traps on boanfiall exceptthesinall hand-bag with the money, which he intended to carry him self—there were no signs of him or of it, thongh he had been seen going on bond at- Holyhead. He most have - somehow missed his footing, or been shoved Over in the crowd. The boat was pitching and rolling tremendously, and on a wild night such a thing might happen easily enough ■withou.^ anybody's being the wiser. It seemed most likely .that he stumbled near the gangway at Holyhead, as no -one re members having seen him later' on. But the certain facts are that he leftHplyhead and never arrived at Kingstown, and one knows what that means." Mede had -for many a day been fighting against this knowledge, how desperately sbe'hadmot realiaed'until a few hours ago, when the eueidy was marvellously routed by a few feeble scrawls. How, as she sat by the shimmering green water, and bent low enough over it to draw her fingers through it caressingly, she might have been signing mutely to it that she knew better. It was the only utterance that she could givff- te the secret which filled her with wresttfag delight and dread. The delight was atxhis moment uppermost. "Then they tedegraphed over for .me," said Sir Ben," anctydn know what I found. Merle, he'd been watching—my father bad for Dion to come that morning. The money had been promised -without fail, that he might have it intimefor.abnsiness meeting in the afternoon. I suppose he waited and looked out there, alone in his room at tbe club, until he knew it was . too late. The servants said that he seemed »pnph disappointed when they toldhim the ,„all -was in. He was sitting at the writing table when they found him dead. He had beonn a letter. I know it - by heart:— ■ Dear Ben, I dare say yon are very wise to change your mind about that investment.. I don't know what the doctors may have called it, but his heart broke there. He was all alone; not a-friend near him. He might as well have died in the middle- of the great Sahara. And the .last thought he had in bis mind was that X wouldn't trust him with a little dirty money." Merle had turned so white that her face would have been a quite sufficient re sponse, bnt she spoke without looking up. " They should never have let yon see it. They should have put it out of the way. J.t was cruel of them." " That is like a girl all over," said Sir Ben, rather roughly. What is more exas perating than a belated remedy ? " If you can hide anything that's not pleasant to look at, you think it's all right." His rode speech was a mere mental writhe, but adverse criticism coming from that quarter was * new experience to Merle, and hence it thrust itself upon her notice even now, as something inoppon tunely disloyal. So she replied with a tinge of resentful bitterness, " I may be like a girl as you say, bnt as for things being all right, I think you'd have to hide away the whole world, and everybody in it first." * , After this they were silent, rattier ag^trieveclly for a short time. The littie touv'h of ill-humor lent a sort of everyday atmosphere to the far-off, unhappy things which were in the thoughts of -each, and made tSfc?m seem -more vividly -real and closely present. Bnt both were too much preoccupied Sgr quarrelling, and Sir Ben tog on the master-grief to which he had never before given words. \- "It was hard lines on me that he should shave • taken such a thing for granted. Mightn't he have supposed some aeci -dehtal delay ? Heaven knows I was never -niore pleased at anything in my life than iat£n3ing that I could be a help to him in 'theniatter. .But if he had believed it, be -■ootdfln'thavo jumped to that conclusion. ■"nVise^to -change your mindI often see him Wiitangit/the old governor. And he needn't'have thought it of me, by Jove, he uefedn't" - ' .. ^•Bertops he had been told so," said ttede>'lpw!and hnrriedly, as she might duyeaphken under-the carving white lip ^ impending Avalanche. •'"f^Vhb was -there to tell him such an atrocious lie ?" said Sir Ben. BtttMerle kept silence as strictly as if -berins wer would have enveloped them in the rush of the smothering thunder. "Do'jon know, Merle," he went on, ** while I think of it all, I'm sometimes -brntenlinQBt enough to rage at Dion for losing, lus life in doing the errand. I sup pose.xmeV' hankering after somebody to blame for our misfortunes could scarcely | .gomuch further than that." . ' " Bnt when yon consider it as an acci-I dent ■ " Merle Began. "Tee,yes,"heinterrupted, "to be sure -Ido.; Wben Fm in. my right mind. I'm only indined to kpock my own head .agsdnst'.a wall for letting a tomfool ex nation keep me from coming over, my "But Ben, Ben," said Merle sitting np Strraijght and facing him desperately,, " what wOUld you think if ?" 1 ■ dear, what i* the matter ? Ton j look -scared—you look like & ghost," he said in much concern; " Yon'll catch cold Waiting here so long.. Would-you have more shelter, I wonder, on the other side?" ... Bat Tor all answer a shadow of new fear-passed over her face, like a cloud blotting out a clond. And directly -after-, wards'she said in a relieved tone, as if welcoming a respite, " Ah, here's Mr .Ker rigan." \ 