MR. WALL'S LAST SERMON. Well filled in the morning, notwithstand ing the inclemency of the weather, the sacred edifice was crowded at the evening service, it having "previously been made known that the sermon would be one written by Mr. (Vail, and indited by him, " To be preached at Hamilton, March 10th, 1895," or on the very day that God claimed him for His own. Singularly, bnt most significantly, the deceased had choeen for his text,l Corinthians, vii-ck.,29 v., "Tile time is short," and as one listened to the eloquent and impressive appeal, one longed For the touch of a ranisb'd hand, And the sound ol a voice that is stUI. Farther, one could not help imagining that when Mr. Wall penned that sermon he had a presentiment that be too, was, to use his own word " making a near approach to the bourne whence no traveller return" With a voice that at times trembled with emotion, the Bev. Canon Tucker delivered the last message of the deceased scholar as follows: — " The. Time is Short."— A brief, sharp warning of the great Apostle. As yon hare stood above the fells of the Wannon when the flood is at its bright, has it occurred to you that the phenomenon you axe admixing is no mean simile of life ? Far above the little hostelry is the deep stUI pool from which the river may be said to rise ; then the swirl of eddying waters ; then the plunge over the height ; and llten all seems changed and lost. The prosaic feet that this scene of beauty is the result of physical laws seems unsatisfying to a spectator whose soul is filled with the right before bim His imagination, straying away from great to greater tiling conjures up before his eyes another river.- another cataract, another chasm. That river is life ; that cataract, death ; that chasm, the unknown land beyond. As we issued from the silent pool of childhood, in which no care no pain no troubles disturbed our peace for long, we began to feel - that we were being caught in a subtle, irresistible and ever strengthening current, which -was perpetually making fresh demands upon onr time and energies, demands winch made weeks, months, years fly by. We take no note of time but from its loss. We are being swept insensibly forward towards the brink of the cataract, over which we shall dis appear ; some, as the unchecked current of mid-stream, surprised and unprepared; some, who have felt the sting vS pain, the agony of hopes unful filled, with frantic joy, as the eddies buffetted by the "rocks ; and some, as the slow-moving side-sfzeam, will drop into the eternal rest with the assurance that all has ended welL It has been, it is, and it ever will be true that in the rush of burines the search for knowledge, and thepursuit of pleasure, the time seexns short. There are some among us who, according to the limit set to human life, are making a near ap proach to the bourne beyond which no traveller return Ask them what is their estimate of the length of the years gone'by. They will tell yon that few have fees the days of their pilgrimage, the time has seemed so short. There are others among ue in the midst of life, who can take Time's sand ghs8 in their hand and yet count the many grains in the upper cup— the twenty or thirty year long years— which are still before them: Bnt will they be long? Hare the sands in the lower cup run down slowly? Were the forty or ihirfcy year now past recall, slow in passing? ' Ah no. Those years are to you as a dream when one awaketh, they hare flashed by. To "yon, men, buried with manual labour, professional work, mental toil ; to you, women, engrossed in household duties, and works of hharitv and love, the time has seemed short. Ami you, young peopl . does it seem long since you lisped your first prayer at your mothers' knees, since yonr first Sunday-school picnic, since you played your first cricket match, since . .yon dressed for yonr first juvenile party? But Ihe -text does not say that the time seems short, bat 'the time is short.' In what sense can we consider the great age," to which man can now lire, as short? There are people who, died last year in Victoria who, as they looked bad and thought -of all that had happened dating their live "must have almost doubted their estimated! the past. For crowded into it arethe doings of him- dreds of mighty actors jn <the r historic dramas— Napoleon, Wellington, Ted, Cavour, Garibaldi, Linoblii, Bismarck, Grant, Glad stone. These aged people, may be said to bare beard the last Wail <of the Beign "of Terror, the rejoicings over . the battles of the -Nations at Leipric and Waterloo ; the tramp - the jniDed fed: of hostile , armies : through , Borne, - .Vienna, Berlin, Madrid,, Moscow and Paris; The boom of cannon before Sehastopol; thejmy of agony- of the victims of Cawnpore :; .the shont of joy of ihe -slaves of a free America. They have seen the steady growth uf science, liberty' and rhmnan bnnuri i vdlumee dbuld only half "teli whajfthey jbave witnessed. Yet, .nqtiriftriMiflmg/JI ..this, t diort|js4rai4toe- oom- smmmmmm a»ns! before come. Bnt very maf -is riheil|lresihig,UeiHgroeriiigl downward path, to turn, and to lake the straight road of holines 1st ; We are .to do this for our' own' mod. A good positive and negative. It is the one good of life." It is so vast, deep and wide ; it is so beautiful . to have this feeling of duty awakened that no other good we enjoy can be put in com parison with it. The very difficulties there are in reaching it; the very want of -guidance in seeking it ; the very obstacles from passion, pride, a perverted will, and an inbred fickleness - make it the dearer prize, the xummum bonum of all philosophy. And in the search of this wondrous good we bare no lack of encouragement. We may think that we are very far off from God. Bnt tire' preacher say " Seek ye the Lord while He may be found, call ye upon Him while He is near." He is then not far off. He may be found. He is near, ye He is among us. He is in our home always has been, always shall be. He was there when with a cry we entered on life's pilgrimage. He will be there when with a sign we leave it. We do not realise bow honoured, how blessed, we are-_ We may be swayed from duty by evil habit We may be bent by tire ever- changing fashion of thought. We may be drawn for from God by the mad effort to deceive ourselves and others; but He is true, unchangeable, nndeceivable, near. Oh '. for the sound of a voice that is still ; the voice of the great Baptist raying through onr streets: — The time is short; repent; the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand. But, if seekingihe Lord is a positive good because of the happiness and joy it bring it is also a negative good, for every one of us has a past, and of it there is a record- The Reve lation of St. John speaks of this record: — " And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened; and the dead were judged but of those things that were written in the books." A metaphor, no doubt. But whatever the re cording angel's process be, we begin that process here. Character reading from the face is the common practice of mankind.- We study countenances, an <? from that study we draw conclusion The eye can, as it were, pencil cat upon oar feces the lines of moral worth, moral power, intellectual power ;the curves of charitableness and firmness; of indecirion and frivolity; the deeply scored traces of coarseness, cunning, covetonsnes and self indulgence ; the brands of passion, cruelty and vice. Of the face — this sketch book of character — there axe three readers, God, our neighbours, and ourselves ; and as we look in toe glass for something more than mere tidiness or .self -adornment, £ doubt not that toe reader most dreaded is self. When self is the reader, it is aided by conscience, which now in silent whisper, now in volume, of sound, demands what is to be done about the past If there were no memory, no law connecting the past with our present and our future, we could brash it lightly away as the speck of dost which settles on us; but as it- is, we are aware of its indelible nature. We see that it has been foolish, wrong, bad, without God. For a past like this there is but one curative, forgiveness, and the state of mind which leads to this is repentance or true sorrow for sin. Now sorrow is painful. If we can, we avoid pain ; if we must suffer, it is with shrinking. We know that there is a state of body worse than pun, the painless disease that kills — the slow, insidious mslady that eats away the springs of life without giving warning by bodily distces To stop it, to heal onrselve we go in search of pain. We tell toe surgeon to hurt ns that we may lire. We even deem it a blessing to avert by a pang, by a need ful and saving agony, the unconscious under mining of our physical vitality. After the first stage of suffocation, the drowning, on their own testimony, pass into a state of in sensibility to suffering, or even of positive and exquisite pleasure. Adam Clarke, who went through toe terrible ordeal, says in.his autobiography that it was like being borne gently through the most luxurious tropical verdure, affording the keenest enjoyment, but that, when this swift, easy passage to death was interrupted and friendship ap plied restoratives, there were snch spasms of absolute torture that toe sufferer would rather be left to die. And so it is with our spiritual sensibilities. Before repentance we are like the unfortunate ebbing life's tide away beneath the flood, careless and even satisfied. When the gracious Saviour draws us out, and the coming to life be gins, then is distress, bitter conscience pangs, and sorrow for tin. Yet no on who has suffered the pain that cures, regrets it. It wipes out the dreaded record, ft turns over a new leaf to the three readers. Self, like Christian in toe " Pilgrim's Progress," has cast behind the heavy load of unforgiven and unattoned offence Our neighbour even with their keen eyes, can no longer trace toe lines and curves of wrong- doing, but must admire a picture on wMch the greatest oi all Artists has used His brush. And on some" future day, when the dead, great and small, stand before God, another book will be opened, which is the Book of Life, from which the third reader shall read the invitation, "Gome, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the Kingdom prepared for yon from foundation of toe world." Associated in timately with repentance is reformation. For reformation the time is short. It is possible to repent on a death-bed, bnt one cannot reform toerh. Reformation requires time. If we dress a little wild bosh boy, or a city crossing sweeper, in silk and velvet, do we make a little Lord Fauntieroy of him I Can he in bis -fine clothes be. comfortable, happy, quite at home in' die company of the learned and noble "?' No ! the manners, custom and even language are foreign to him. Time and . teaching will be required to replace toe rough -ways and crass ignor ance of the bush, or the .foul language and depravity of the street with the courtly grace and royal manners of the little noble. So with u We are not fit to enter the gates of pearl, to walk up toe streets of gold resplendent as class, and bow in homage before toe great WMte Throne, when we have felt toe first pang of repentance, and made the first resolve of reformation. The first step may -be sudden, bnt toe after process is slow. A terrible disaster at sea awakened John Newton;. the seeing of a companion fall dead ata college wine party converted Chief Justice Hale ; the striking of one o'clock, as he entered a. honae of evil reputation, re called to toe mind of an afterwards cele brated divine the words : — "The -clock strikes one; we take no note of time but from its los If heard aright it is the knell of my departed hoar Where arethey?" He turned from the door of tin to fell on his knees in'his college room. These were the binnings of reformation, followed by years of work fgr God— arduous workj for toe tone was-shbrt' "What can I 'say more? Have I not spoken enough to wain yon of the danger of delay : to nree on yon to make the brat of the future which von can still call your own; to cause evpry heart-string to vibrate with thesolemn notes — The TniE is Short ? A/aoinoh!j»radiaIlrdn,' - A/as uune Brasons vnn And we stall be ailb those thrt rest, Till Obitat shall como'afiain. ' Then, -oh J dnrlxmk rrepnT Ouraonls-for that great dsjr : . Oh ! . radh us in toy (veaocs blood. And take ocr sins avsy. And now to 'God the Father, God the Son. and God tiie Holy Ghost be glory, honour, dominion; and power/ now, ttmoeforto, and forever. 