Tiie Share Market. COOLGARDIE EXCHANGE. FRIDAY'S QUOTATIONS. As* tho niggers would say. the market is " mindick," compared with what it was a week .ago. but it is not, due to the failure of the initios in any way. As in the early days of Broken Hill, the water bogy is* being raised • by people who " talk through their neoks,'!aud byi bears who see an opportunity foT.annexing share values from the timid or those who nre forced t# sell. We have ifron the beat authority that in Adelaide many of the brokers arespeckingBoulders, Maritauas Croesus,, aud other stock* 011 the strength of a rumor , that the iield—aud especially Hannan's—has water famine in front of it. The statement which: originated in Coolgardie in the early part- of the week that the Boulder, Lake View, and other mines would have to cease crushing- for want of water was freely - circulated in Adelaide yesterday, . but' at present there is not the slightest likelihood of anything of the sort happening, Mr. Zi Lane returned from Haunan's this rooming, and has repeated his assurance-that the Boulder can go 011 crushing until Christmas with its present visible supplies,-, aud that there is no immediate necessity, for raising A water scare. At the morning- call of the Coolgardie Exchange Bouldess were quoted at 97s sellers, and the fact that the whole-beo-hcad of the Leviathan batterjv as well as company's own tenhead, 1 making twenty head* in all. are at work, for the next crushing oaghfc to have a buoyant effect on the scrip. Man- • tanas were sold down to 15s 6d, with buyers • eager for more, the Adelaide quotation being lfis id'to 16s 6d. All lines were affected, and few sales were made, but as soon as the water ghost is banished no doubt the public will deal with the»" bears." The following are this morning's quotations-at the Coolga>rdie Exchange:— Arrow, con., sellers 7s 6d, buyers 6s. Btiyley's Consols, sellers 3s 6d, buyers 3s 3dt Btiyley's No. I South, sellers Is 9d. Obsgrove's Btvyiey's South, sellers 7s 9d^ bujfers 7s 3d. Croesus, sellers 13s. Golden Bar, sellers 13s 6d, buyers 13s ijdi sales . 13s 3d. 6r'«dt Boulder, sellers 97s. Ivanhoe South, sellers 7s 9d. Londonderry Consols, sellers 3s 9d. Maritanas, con., sellers 16s 3d, buyers. ISs sales 16s 3d, 15a 6d. Moorefield', con., sellers 2s ljd, buyers Is 9ti. Monte Cristo, pro., sellers 5s. ftoyal Mints, con., sellers 10s, buyers 7i 9d Tindals, con., sellers lis 3d, buyers 10s Twenty-Re Mile Development Co.-, buyers 4s3d; (con.), sellers 2s 3d, buyeFS.Is 10d, sales 2s ljd. Coolgardie Water Supply, selljtyg. ,ei2 (. buyers £11 10s. 