THE LOSS OF THE BLACK SWAN. By Lionel Sparrow. CHAPTER VII. ON BOARD THE DERELICT. As the conviction that it was only an abandoned wreck towards which we were drifting came over me, I lost consciousness. In my state of extreme weakness the suddenness of the revulsion from hope to despair was too much for me. When I awoke it was very dark. The moon had gone down, and the daybreak had not yet commenced. I was vaguely aware of a cold emaciated hand trembling on my brow, and of something being held to my lips. I tasted some fiery liquid, and gradually regained possession of my faculties. Alma had, after waiting many hours for my recovery, bethought herself of the brandy which I had hidden from the unfortunate Stenson, and with much effort had contrived to pour some of it between my lips. By the time that the first faint streaks of dawn had appeared appeared in the east, I had gained a sort of fictitious strength, and prepared to make an attempt at getting on board the wreck, alongside of which our boat had been lying for some hours. Fortunately there was some tangled wreckage hanging over the side, at a place where the bulwarks were broken away, and at length I succeeded in mounting to the deck. My brain was swimming, my thoughts were incoherent, and all things seemed to surge around me. Nevertheless, the fixed idea of procuring some nourishment for poor Alma dominated my mind, and kept me from yielding to my almost invincible weakness. By good fortune I chanced upon what remained of the cook's galley, beside which was a large water-butt, still more than half-full. I tried the water anxiously. It proved to be quite fresh and sweet, and I thereupon procured a tin pot from the galley, filled it and lost no time in getting back to the boat. We drank the water and felt greatly refreshed. I found myself compelled, however, to mix some brandy with it in order to get sufficient strength to regain the deck. My brain was still in a whirl, and I fancied all sorts of things. There were fantastic shadows which seemed to be the ghosts of the ship's company who were gone. As it grew lighter I thought I saw pictures on the walls of the deck cabins, wherever space was to be found - pictures of mermaids, naiads and other mythical creatures, which I thought could only exist in my disordered imagination. I knew they were unreal, for in all of them the face of Alma appeared, together with a man's features which I seemed to dimly recognise. However, I gave these things little observance - regarding them, as have said, as the freaks of my semi-delirium and searched diligently for food which at length I found. On a table in the largest of the the cabins, there were tinned meats, ship's bread, biscuits, hams, and other provisions of that kind, laid out as if for use or removal. There were also wines and spirits in plenty. In this cabin, which had evidently belonged to the master of the ship, the pictures I had seen. or imagined appeared more more numerous than anywhere else. They covered the walls, and even the ceiling, in a phantasmagoria of strange, unnatural forms ; and the face of Alma, in all its exquisite beauty, was everywhere - her sweet mild eyes met mine in all directions. But again I refused to believe in the reality of these things, never doubting that when I recovered the full use of my faculties, they would all disappear. I took a bottle of wine and some biscuits and rejoined Alma. I said nothing of my wild fancies, but busied myself in attending to the brave and patient girl, whose efforts on my behalf had quite exhausted her. I fed her some biscuits soaked in wine, and she soon recovered sufficiently to eat and drink without my assistance. We were both overjoyed and devoutly thankful to have found such timely if incomplete succour. There was hope still, if the old derelict held together long enough for us to fall in with some ship, or drift in sight of land. We soon ate up all the biscuits, and I went in quest of something more substantial. I was now much recovered, though of course, still very weak. My mind was almost as clear as it had ever been and I thought with a smile of the pictures my imagination had conjured up - having no doubt whatever that I should find the cabin walls absolutely bare. I entered, therefore, with the confidence born of my new-found strength and clarity of mind. If I could have turned paler than I was already, I should assuredly have done so. For there were the pictures, just as I had left them ! I was now a prey to indescribable agitation of mind \- the more so that the paint with which the works had been executed was in some instances scarcely dry, and one of the pictures - or sketches, as I should more properly call them was even finished. I saw no artists' material about and there were no evidence of the cabin having been recently oceupied. Some of the food on the table had been eaten into by rats - notably a large cheese, which was tunnelled in all directions, and everything except the paintings seemed to indicate that the wreck had been abandoned for weeks, if not for months. With a very troubled mind I procured the food I had come for, and went back to the boat. My preoccupation, great as it was, did not prevent me from noticing that, during my absence, Alma had sustained a severe mental shock. I also noticed that my agitation had not escaped her eyes. " What is the matter, darling ?" I asked, taking her hand in mine with an -agitated tenderness. " Have - have - you seen it too ?" she whispered, her dilated eyes searching mine. " Seen what ?" " Nothing, nothing, dear. I thought \- but of course it must have been fan:y. One must expect to be light-headed, and to imagine all, sorts of thing. I thought I saw a - a face that I knew." " Think of it no more. See, I have brought something better than biscuits this time." We ate in silence - each of us casting nervous glances every now and then towards the deck. Though my mind was clear enough, the least effort to think confused me. It seemed at times as though some vague premonition of the truth was striving to define itself in my brain, but it always fled at the slightest attempt to formulate it. One immediate difficulty now presented itself : how to get Alma on board the derelict without her seeing those fantastic pictures. As I have said, I could not reflect without becoming confused and the only expedient which presented itself was the absurd one of letting her remain in the boat all day while I obliterated the paintings. I believe I should even have put this idea into execution, had Alma not insisted that she was strong enough to be taken on board. I combated her suggestion as long as I could, but she would stay in the boat only on condition that I remained with her. At this, I reflected that if I could keep her there till night I should have a better opportunity of putting my design into execution. So we remained in the boat, and to wile away the time exchanged our life stories. I, indeed, had but little to tell \- all that was of interest to Alma being the circumstance of my having witnessed the scene in the garden, which was the occasion of my first sight of her. She was of course greatly surprised to find that I knew so much of her history. I said nothing of what Captain Hall had related and she gave me the sad story in her own infinitely more touching way. But now, since we were to believe that a new lease of life had been granted us, Alma became more reserved and showed no disposition to regard me in the light of a lover, but I understood well enough that her heart had not changed. Once when I took her hand in mine, she withdrew it gently but significantly ; and as she did so I thought I saw her glance up towards the ship's deck with a strange expression of fear in her eyes. So the day passed and as the evening closed in I made preparations for moving Alma to the ship. First I had to find some place where there were none of those mysterious pictures to frighten her. At length I discovered a cabin on the walls of which only vague outlines were to be seen - the beginnings, apparently, of new works. I scraped these out as well as I could with knife, afterwards making the cabin as comfortable as possible. I was fortunate enough to find a side-ladder, but as night had not yet fallen, I delayed a while longer -- filling up the interim by searching for something with which I could speedily obliterate the pictures. I found plenty of rags, but not a drop of what I chiefly needed -- turpentine. I would be reduced to scraping them out with the knife -- a laborious job even for a man in possession of his normal strength, which I was far from having. When it was quite dark I fixed the side-ladder, and assisted Alma to gain the deck. The effort required was so great that the poor girl was fain to sink down and rest immediately the task was accomplished ; thereafter walking, with such poor assistance as I could lend her, to her resting-place. " I hope you have comfortable quarters yourself," she said, as I was bidding her good-night. I made some reassuring reply, but felt sad at heart as I thought of the task before me. I had hardly left the cabin when I thought I saw a shadow moving amidst the wreckage that encumbered the deck. I looked steadily and searchingly in all directions, but could discern nothing. Again that vague premonition of the truth swept through my mind, and I felt with a sort of agony how small an effort of thought was required to enable me to define it. But this time it was accompanied by a sense of some impending danger -- and, remembering the revolver with which I had menaced poor Stenson, the impulse came over me to possess myself of it. When I returned with the weapon, however, I suddenly found myself overcome by a mortal weakness. I staggered to Alma's cabin door, sank down upon the deck, and immediately lost all sense of existence. To Be Concluded. 