% ? m ' ? II ,J!iie.^Storyteller, .. ?'- ? ? ? ?*? ? I i* WEAYEBS AND WEFT & J ' (Continued.) I \ ) CHAPTER I. E { y. j I AT XHS STAB A»» QABTER. if' 5 ;\ ' 'I think I know the lady,' Raid James 'At '. WW«V1*lowlyf'wLwd- ClBtfyarde'iiyouDKeBt Ijiji daughter; the new one, eh, 'CypriaD ? The |f ', Ol&pyards; are-neighbors of yours is Kent, I I if kni'!'r'- ; ° ?/;.i-i fipf course I oan trutt you, Jim. Ye«, 5-' || yojfve bit him. Bnfc what made you fix $ | ] npfp Conttanoa Glaoyarde ?' 5; jj gHare 'not I senses to understand, and t{, j eyoj toiee, and hare I not seen you and Miss ;| [ Olilpyarde together at least three times ? ji i: Why, Cyprian, the infatuation on both sides ^,'jf is tihtent to the most unsophisticated obssr i ', Tef) It's a pity you're only four hundred a !- ?, T«ar. That would be rather a tight sqaeaee ]| ' Joija Olanyarde. Tbsy'ra a notoriously ex* '-- - '? travagant set, I know, and have been up to J, tbe|r eyesr in debt for^th* lag p. forty years.. , - Yei, I have seea the lady* Oypriab, and she \ i'i it jr?ry lowly. Upotf\my' wotd,,1 I'm sorry 'i* , fo^Syou.' f }j' J^Thanks, old fellow. I aeedn'i ask you J ,, notfto mention my, atme. in -conjunction with i! Hiss Clanyarde'f. '[.And'nowillsupposo we'd belter go baok iov onr friends,,' *? . ' ; ' f'l think so'. 'By Ibis way, what do you , J- thick of the lady we were asked to meet V \ t^rB- Walsingham 1 Sheisvery haudsome. i '? A ffidow, I suppbse' --?? = t-«— ' f ' \- - tphe is rather 'aileat on (hat point, and I hav* beard- it bintadtbat VJolonei Walsmgnam —Be was oblooel in the Spanish dontingent, I NelieTe,-1and Goont o( the Holy Roman: Enftire— still walks this earth, and that the ladfj owes htr agreeable freedom to an American court of divorce. The antecedents are'filtogetber -doubtful, and Mrs. Wanhinp tonjk set is one of the order fast and fnriooB. GilVert_3inclsir,tikeB that.kind of tbiog.V ...,, ? ?X-nd'rsripp6'8e^Mrs:; 'Walsingham likes Gilbert Sinclair.' ' Or his money, Sinclair's about the biggest fish in the matrimonial waters, aud she will be a happy angler who lands him. But 1 roally believe lira. Walsingham has a weak ness for the man himself, independent of his money. Strange, isn't it P Sinclair's the dearest fellow ia the work, and as hi« friend of course I dote upon him ; but I con fess that if I jrorea woman I should regard ''h*rm'w'ifh'unmu'igatid loathing.' 'That's rather strong.' ? Of conrae ho's a most utimable oreatore, bnt socli an nnspeakable snob, such a pompons, purse-proud cad. Ah, there he is (ijat the/Window looking for as. It' I wero a '^woman1, yon kuow, Cyprian, that man would -be the' object of my aversion ; but I'm not, Hand he's my client, and it is the first duty of -(? solicitor to love his clients. Coming, ; Gilbert.' j .:'--; The two men crossed a little bit of lawn, .?' and went in through the open. window. The room was lighted with; wax oandles, and a -merry party was crowded round a table, at. pne^end of which a lady 'was dispensing tea in qoUe'a home- like fashion. 'She was u very be'sutilul worn nn,, of a showy type, dressed in white mnsliia half covered with lace, dressed .,just ; a shade too yontbiully for her fiv«and thirty years. - There wero , two other ladies present, one a fashionable actress, the other her friend and confidante, also an aspirant to dramatic tamo, rue first was occupied in an agreeable flirtation with a cornet of dragoons, tho, -second waa listening with delight to the lively conversation1 of Mr. Bellingham, manager of the Phoenix Theatre. 7A couple 6\ gentlemen belonging to the stock-. -fcrokiiig fraternity, and Gilbert Sinclair, giver ol the feast, made up the party. ? ; Mr. Bellingham had been entertaining tbe company, wjth aneodotes of, MsoSting«r,,the great tragedian, the. point of every story; tuining'bn^the discomfiture ol the great man by some blundering tyro in dramatic art. ?Mr/'Waltingham htd heard most of, the 'storios a 'good many times befort, and sho ST«'a palpable little yawn as Mr. Belling m told htr how the provincial -Horatio in formed the great Hamlet that his father's, ghost 'would have much amused you.' She covered the yawn with her prptty plomp^. little hand, watohed Gilbert Sinclair's face, ?with rather a troubled expression in 'her own}' and in so doing was a little inattentive to the demand for more cups of tea: ''' ? ' ~ ?=--—' Mr. Sinclair was a man whom man people admired, and who was in no obivons manner \- -deserving ? James Wyatt's unflattering de scription. H« affected a certain blunt utss'of stylej which his friends accepted as evidence of a'oandid and open soul and a warm heart. He ,ww; generoua to a lavish ,degree toward f boils tie associated with and was snppossd to like ; but he was not liberal with protesta tions of regard, and he had. few intimate, acquaintances. . He was a man whom some people called handsome — a big mun, upward of six feet high, and with a pondorouflj powerful frame. He had ? large, regular , natures, a florid - complexion, ; prominent, reddish-brown - job, thiok curling hair-of the same' reddish-brown, and intensely white teeth. ?? ?-' ? ? '?' ?'? ' ? ' '?'-? The chief claim which Mr. Sinclair pos sesssd to notoriety was comprised in tho fact of ihis wealth. ? He was thd owner of a great estate in the north, an oatnto consisting of ironworks and coal-piti, tbe annual income from .which was ssid to be sumuthirigistupe.rid ons, and he had shares in more railways and r'-arine'f--'an-i''forc)ign ' loans, than his friends could calculate. His father'had been dead about five years, leaving Gilbert solu pos sessor. .of .this great fortune, unfettered by a claim, for the young man was an only child, and bad neither kith nor kin to shsro his wealth. He had been at Rugby and Cam' bridge, and bad travelled all over Europe with. - a, private: tntor. He had aeen avery thing, and bad beon taught everything that a wealthy young Englishman ought to sea or to learn, and had profited in a very moderate degree by the process. He had a strong will and a great oapaoity for keeping hi* own secrets, and had started in life with the de termination to enjoy eyiBtonce after bis own fashion. After three years spont in bia com panionship, hie tutor remarked ' th-it he scarcoly knew Gilbert Sinclair any be&ter; at the 'close of their acquaintance than be bad knowu him at the beginning of it. 1 And yat the fellow laeths ao candid,' said, Mr. ABhon, wonderingly. ? ' 1 wish you would give me a little assist ance with the ''teacups, Gilbert,' Mrs. WalsiaihMn said, rather impatieuu v, ' It ia nil very well to talk of the plea'aantnfla's of liaviirg- tb:e'teainade fn tK'e room Tn this way, but one requires gome help. Thanks. Take that to Sir Oyprian Davenant, if you pleiadoj and bring me Sophy Morton's cnp.' i v*' Mr, Sinclair obeyed, ami whim h» came! back with the empty cnp. Mm. WalBingham motioned him to a vacant chair by her feide! anc! detained him there till the carriages weie. acnoanced. She called him by his Chriitian,' name in the face of soriety, and his party of to-night was only one of ranny entertainments tba'fhad'b'een'given at different ttmes for her pratiScaiion. It was scarcely atringe, there forerif romor,-©speci»lly-|pud on'ittie part of the lady's friends, declared that Mr. Sinclair end Mrs. Walsingham .were engaged to1 be married. Bnt tbe acquaintance between thorn had continued lor a long tijne, and those who knew most of Gilbert Sinclair shook their beads significantly when' the matrimonial' qnosiion was mooted. ; i ! ' Gilbert knows his own 'value,' growled old Oolonel Mordant, an inveterate ^hist-player nnd diner- out, who had introduced young;, Sinolair into fast society, i When] he marries he will marry well. A man with'; my friend Sinclair's fortune mnsi have all ,tbe advan tages in the lady of hiu choice — yootli, beauty, rank— ror at any rate pueitibn — and most men of tbat^calibre look out for a correspond ing amount of wealth. I don't say Sinolair will do t.that. He ia rich enough to! indulge' in' a oapr'itse. But as to marrying Clara;Walginphnn)-— a deuoed fine- woman, I grant you*— i paUsi bete 1* i (To be continued.) 