RELIGIOUS SERVICES. THE BISHOP OF TASMANIA. ST. PAUL'S. Yesterday morning His Lordship Bishop Montgomery preached at St. Paul's Church, choosing for his text, xvi. John, 7 v.— ' It is expedient for you tbat I go away, for if 1 go not away the Comforter will not come unto jon, but if 1 depart 1 will send Him unto you.' He dwelt on the immediate effect following the ascension of Christ. It was as though the disciples had suddenly grown from children to men, and within tun days of the Saviour's departure they understood why it was expedient He should leave them, and what tbe real work was that they themselves had to perform. Directly after the ascension the apostles a&d; Christian brethren were meeting daily io *0 tipper room rejoicing in the possession of the truth amongst tbeaHJeJvcfl, and In their own personal ^eddmption. They slight be terxfled for those ten days ' exclusive brethren,'' but this wad before Pentecost. When th£ Holy Ghost came opon them all the eicln siveness was swept away, and they emerged from the tipper room to^o oat to the market placts, mixing with all sorU and conditions of men, and spreading tbe Gospel in all direction^. The preacher proceeded to describe the evidences of the influnce of the Holy Spirit in the church, and the con tinuation of the work commenced on the first Whit Sunday. 8T, OSWALD'S SCHOOL- BOOM. The BiBbop addressed the children in St Oswald's school-room yesterday afternoon. The address was an instructive homily, and was listened to with great attention, ST. JOHN'S CHUBCH. The Bishop preached to a numerous con- . grrrgation at St. John's Church last evening; The sermon was chiefly devoted to the ne cessity which existed for assisting to spread the revelations of D it Ine tfuth in the mlsbftn fields ot the South &eas.; In the tidlirec of his remarks ho gave some interest ing data concerning the result which has so far attended the united self-denial effort i instituted by the Church of England in the 1 Australasian dlocescs some eighteen months ago, when all but one large diocese stood out from the combination. The total con tributions which were received consequent j upon that movement were £6207 Is lid, i and five of the dioceses did cot respond with monetary aid. The sum i realised in Tasmania was £432 IB. In ! connection with the self-denial work many who were not able to give donations gave their services, and so in one parish doable tbe number of helpers required offered themselves as willing to comply with the call for assistance. In another place the supply exceeded the .demand threefold, showing that the Church had really awakened a hopeful interest in the great missionary labors which were doing such good work in New Guinea and elsewhere; 