TOWN TALK. -Although it has not been defhiitely settled among the members of the Gee* long Town Council as to who shall occupy the position of mayor and chief magistrate of this town for the ensuing municipal year, commencing on the 9th November, it is pretty well understood that Aid H. F. Eichardson, who at pre sent fills that distinguished office, will be unanimously re-elected. The time for electing the new mayor has almost arrived, and the council will meet at noon next "Wednesday, 9th October, for the purpose of deciding as to who shall be the mayor-elect, for the installation cere mony will take place on Saturday, 9th November. The general opinion among members of the council is that Aid Eichardson should be given a second term of office, as the greater part -of his mayoral year has beensomewhat deprived of its municipal pleasures through the unpleasant financial disturbances caused by dishonest officials, who are at present undergoing enforced retirement from public life. The public meeting for the purpose of forming a Progress League for Geelong for promoting the interests of the town and surrounding districts as a popular and attractive holiday resort, will be held to-morrow (Friday) evening at 8 o'clock in the Town Hall, which has been lent for the purpose by His "Worship the mayor of Geelong, who will preside. Among the speakers will be the Hons. J. H. Grej', Sidney Austin and J. H. Connor, M's.L.C., Messrs H. B. Higgins and "W. Gurr, it's.L.A., Messrs Hy. Sargeant (mayor of Geelong "West), AT. Conran, G. M. Hitchcock, J. "W. Sayer, W. T. Appleton, T. "E. Bostock, G. F. link, and other gentlemen,., so it is evident that the movement is receiving liberal attention at the hands of promi nent citizens. Mr Malonev has given notice to move in the Assembly—"That this House will, on Wednesday next, resolve itself into a committee of the whole to consider the propriety of presenting an address to His Excellency the Administrator of the Government, requesting that in view of the expense Mrs Synnot has been put to owing to the false swearing of three constables and others (the said constables having, in consequence, been dismissed from the police force), and of the ina bility of her obtaining the amount of such expenditure from the insolvent estate of her husband, he will be pleased, as an act of justice, to place ou the additional estimates, the amount of her taxed costs, viz., £497 ISs lOd." Objection was taken by Aid Meakin, who presided at the revision court held in the "Villawanta ward yesterday forenoon, to the word "publican " being used to indicate the calling of i>ersous engaged in hotelkeeping. He informed the assessors that the hotelkeepers were entitled by Act of Parliament to be designated as licensed victuallers. One of the assessors, who is himself a popular caterer for tee totallers and others desirous of quenchino their thirst, wanted to know what was the difference between a licensed victualler and a publican, as he was not particular as to how he was described on the burgess list. The alderman very promptly said that there was a difference, and to call a licensed victualler a publican was like call ing a bootmaker a "snob." Tbat view of the contraction to '' publican" appeared to be readily accepted by the assessors, who agreed without any demur to air alteration of the trade title, although the compiler of the roll (Mr Geo. V. Al'Crac ken) intimated that in using the word " publican " it was not done out of anv disrespect to those associated with the liquor traffic. Some time ago the committee of the Geeloug West Free Library decided to apply, through Mr H, B. Higgins, M.L.A., to the Government requesting to be informed if there would be auy addi tional vote to free libraries, and, if so, asking that the Geelong West library should participate in any grant. A letter was received yesterday by the secretary. Mi Geoi ge E. hang, from Mir Hi°-gius informing him that no provision would be made upon any additional estimates for auy further vote to free libraries, and that, therefore, it was impossible to aid the Geeloug West Free Library. The letter further stated that the institute had not been treated exceptionally by not receiving any money grunt from the Government, the institution bavin"- been closed for the past two years, and was therefore, not in a position to make application for any grant from the free libraries vote. The sum received by the Geelong West Free Library from the various grants in aid for libraries for the years 1SS2-3 to 1891-2 amounted to Jt<?S2 4s. The time for receiving nominations of candidates for the vacaucv in the Gee long West borough council, caused bv the resignation of CrHy. Bannister, will close at four o'clock this afternoon. Already the nomination papers of iUr ohn Baghn and Mr T. F. Seeley have been lodged with the deputy-returning officer, Mr Win. Harris. Should both gentlemen be determined to seek a poll of the electors, the election contest will take place on Wednesday, 16th October. Three trophies of the value of £3 3S each are to bo given by Mr H. B. Higgins, M.L.A-, for competition during the ^ present cricketing season among the , tumor clubs playing off matting and upon hard wickets. A communication to that effect has heen received hy Mr Geo. V. M'Cracken, the representative in Geelong of Mr Higains, senior member in the legislative Assembly for the Gee long constituency. The - cricket clubs . associated with church unions will be ' included as competitors for the trophies, i A balance-sheet in connection with the ; All Nations' Fair in aid of the funds of j the Geelong Cricket and Football Club, ! which was held in May last, has been i prepared, audited and found correct, arid is published in our advertising columns. | The total receipts from all sources I amounted to £1195 9s Sd, tbe largest J items being £740 10s 7d, the takings at 1 the stalls and side shows, and £149 2s Id from the art union. The whole expendi ture of the fair amounted to £195 9s 6d, which left the handsome balance to credit of £1000 0s 2d. Mi H. E. Gslier, truant officer, sum moned a number of parents at the Steig litz police court on the 1st of October for neglecting to send their children to , school for the number of days required | by tbe Act, fines being imposed from Is to 5s each. In many cases no attendances were made during the quarter. The I magistrates on the Bench were Mr Patterson, P.M.. and Messrs TV'right and Cahir, J's.P. Substantial bluestono stejis leading to tbe porch entrance to the Geelong hospital are to be substituted for the present worn-out freestone steps. The work of effecting the long desired im provement to the approaches to the main entrance was commenced yesterday by Mr C. Nash's employes. Mark Twain's success in Melbourne I seems only to increase with the length of his stay. Last Monday and Tuesday, in spite of very wet weather, the auditorium , and orchestra of the Bijou Theatre proved utterly inadequate to accommo date the vast audiences, which overflowed on to the stage, and even then numbers j had to be sent away from all parts of the house. These two attendances are sup posed to he " record ones "in thehistorv of the theatre. In these circumstances, it is not surprising that another enter tainment had to be given last night. To-day Mr Clemens visits Bendigo. "He will arrive in Geelong on Monday morn ing, and after being entertained by His : "W orship the Mayor and councillors, will I be driven round the city. On Monday evening Mr Clemens will give the first and only " Murk Twain's At Home " in Geelong, for which seats may be booked at Franks'. The concluding masquerade skating carnival of the roller skating season in Geelong will take place this evening in the Columbia rink in Eyrie-street. Very many excellent costumes have been ordered from the metropolis, and it is anticipated that the display to he made this evening will prove of "an unusuallv attractive description. The prizes to be competed for are Ladies : Best fancy dress, prize value £2 2s; and for the most original costume, prize value £1 Is. Gentlemeu: Best fancy dress, prize a handsome case containing a carver and fish slice; and for the most original costume, prize value £1 is. The prizes are to be awarded hy ballot, voting cards to he given to all persons attending the carnival, the cards to be called in at a quarter to nine o'clock before the masks are removed. Daring the evening the grand march will be performed twice, and the band will furnish a specially selected musical programme. The rink is to be closed for the summer mouths after Thursday next, 10th October. Messrs "Whitburn and Akarman's Eui ?LreTF^P??y open a short season in the Exhibition Theatre this evening. The company, which has been showing in BaUarat for the last week, completed a most suctessful season last night before a very enthusiastic audience. The com pany,^ which numbers some 30 artists will contribute ballads, dances, etc. ; " The Suburban Ghost " will appear, and Mr NVhubura will contribute, amongst a number of items, the very amusing and funny parody "At the registry office I met my doom." The prices of admission are fixed at 2s, Is and 6d, audit is antici. pated a large number of pedple will attend this evening. Active steps have been taken by the owners of the old stone building at ihe corner of Moorabool and Malou streets, formerly Dalgety and Co.'s "suite of offices, to utilise the large block building. A contract has been let for transforming the unsightly structure into a series of ®b°Ps> good frontages to the thoroughfares referred to. The contrac tors wero busily engaged yesterday in erecting the hoarding in front of tbe ^ S° «s to Proteut persons . diking along the footways against injury from fallen material whilst the workmen are engaged in effecting the proposed changes. +lJlrS'erdfJi afte™100n a deputation from tlie Hospital Sunday committee' had an interview with the committee of the Geelong and Western District Ladies' Benevolent Association. The deputation consisted of Aid Eichardson (mayor of Geelong) the Eov. W. J. Eddy, and Mr pr'n^f l QS i secretary of the Hospital Sunday movement). It was urged that members of the association having m pew the fact that the associa' W? PartJ"PatM m the annual appeal on behali of the charities, should render some assistance in the collection of nnHwrt, ?hf- de.Putationists pointed out that the ladies, if they were so dis posed, could give valuable aid iu collect ing money for the charities on the Thursday and Saturday preceding Hos pital Sunday. The ladies' committee tlf 7 "tt^tively to the suggestions of the deputation, but acting upon the precedent set them by Ministers of the Crown when deputationised, they verv courteously informed the mayor and the gentlemen associated with him that thev would give the requests every considera tion and furnish their decision in writing. Following up the report as to the dis covery of a skull and hones at Spring Creek on Monday, Mounted-constable Alley yesterday proceeded to the spot where the skeleton was found, and made tin examination. The constable states that the locality in which the skeleton was unearthed mahout five chains awav from the beach, and that the place is close to where a skull was discovered about this time last year. The skull and bones, which are in an advanced state of decay, resemble those of an aboriginal, and appear to have been buried for about 3,0 >'ears- It is heheved that at one time l <tSt° e whmh is about a mile and a half from Spring Creek, was used as a burial area by the aboriginals. A report is to be submitted to the "coroner by the trooper. J ■ 'I*10 , -^gi' _' writes;—" Some interest-, ing information was forwarded to the Lefuslative Assembly on Tuesday by the Chief Secretary on the subject of the u\ erage wages paid to Victorian woollen mill employes. Including boys and girls the average pay for IS94 was £1 Is Okl woollen T . tbe diseussion on the ! n i J't2es^ was frequently averred j freetraders like Mr Irvine and others that the average pay of the Victorian anill operatives was ISs Id per week. The ; Opposition appeared to be sadlv dis appointed when told officially that the MTntvroS £,\1S; °*C1> aud Sir John sought to discount the state wori-edYf ]"ter'ecti"& that the hands woiked 16 hours a day. There is not a parhcle of truth in this insinuation. Mr Graham, another bitter opponent of the noollen mills, seemed disposed even to ? f j i°* that the Chief Secretary had been misinformed abo lit the average pay, but that was a more spirit0''1 Sv 't firPd m a sort of guerilla -pint. Now note the "Argus" re ference to the same subject-Mr Gurr who is the chief lieutenant of the sembU 1 7 71 the legislative As setnbK wants to score all the possible : points for his side, so he asked the Chief thechLT-011 Tu73day " tb0 retu"« "f 1 I P V inspector of factories for 1S94 H, d been tabulated, and, if so, what was woolienmge-li° Ule wages I,diJ tc tbe woollen linU operatives. Mr Peacock replied that the average was £1 Is Ojd per rveek. Munificent remuneration is this the minimum wage that commends itself to the representatives of the workers ? No wonder Mr C. Bishop, the ' president of the Trades Hall Council,had | to admit ou Monday that protection has ! failed to benefit ' the worker.'" (Not a j word here, it will be observed, of the ! average applying to boy and girl opera' tives of whom a large number find employment at the mills. And this is the journal which daily proclaims that its missiou is to tell the truth.j Somewhat mournful surroundings shadowed the departure of the steamer Kdiua 011 her trip to Melbourne yester day afternoon. The vessel's deck forward was completely occupied by two hearses a couple of mourning coaches, an under taker's light, but darkly colored waggon and a pair of jet black upstanding horses a portion of the stock-in- trade of a local undertaking firm secured by a resident of the metropolis. The shipment of the undertaker's paraphernalia was effected in silence and without damage, but the vessel's departure from the wharf was delayed for half-an- hour. Troubles ill connection with the now celebrated series of defalcations by Jas. IV. Bottomley, ex-rato-collector for the town corporation, were commenced yesterday forenoon at the revision court in the Tillainanta ward. A lengthy list of persons who had paid their rates, but whose money had not been placed to the corporation's credit, was haudod to the court. The names of these ratepayers had been left off the roll, and it was desired by the persons referred to in the document that they should have their names inserted on the burgess list, but they had neglected to lodge the neces sary formal application. Under the circumstances, the court had no option, and the applications were disallowed. Several persons who had not paid the first moiety of the rates for this year, on or before the 31st August, lodged appfi. cations for the privilege of getting their names on the roll, but in each case they were refused. What at the first blush appeared to be the infliction of a hardship was brought under the notice of the alderman and assessors at the revision court held in the Yillamanta Ward yesterday. Mr Daniel Fowler, owner of propeity in Little Smyth-street, desired to have his name placed on tlie burgess roll for that ward. It had been purposely left off the roll as there was no record of the rates havin" been paid, but a cheque was produced bv Mr Fowler, wbieli, be said, included the rates, aud had been paid to Jas. IV. Bottomley, the ex-rate collector. In the absence of any receipt showing the pav ment of the rates, the court declined to take the cheque as documentary evidence and disallowed Mr Fowler's claim. Iu another instance, that of Mr James Officer, the rates for property in Little Malop-street had beenpaidto Bottomley, but not credited to the corporation. The court, however, was placed in a better position to take action, as the receipts were produced showing that the default ing ex- official had received the money on behalf of the corporation, and it was decided to place Mr Officer's name on the roll. The confusion was bad enough iu theTillamanta ward roll, but the task of adjusting matters was considered easy when compared with the troubles to be negotiated in the Barwon ward on Mon. day, 14th inst. The bono and sinew which cannot find an outlet for its energy in this colouv is gravitating to South Africa and Cool gurdie with depressing monotony. Ou Tuesday evening several hundred people assembled on the Ballarafc West railway station for the purpose of giving a send-, off to a contingent of Ballarat natives who look to South Africa for the living that they foolishly neglect to look for iu tins country. The party was followed yesterday by a second detachment, bound for the same place. ■vrirri ,-'0UU2 . mau . named Henry M. (jlastiau attributed his appearance at the police court yesterday momin<r on a charge of insulting behavior to the fact tbat he had protected his father from assault. Senior-constable M'Williams deposed that at quarter-past two on the previous afternoon he saw defendant scuffLug with another man in front of * ® Bed Lion Hotel. He arrested Glashuit and handed him over to the custody of Constable Fvans, but the other man proved to he too fleet of foot for him. For the .defence it Was stated that young M'Glashan, who had just re turned from the country, was drinkm in the bar of the Red Lion Hotel with another man, who struck M'Glashan, senior, when the latter endeavored to coax his son home with him. Filial and faghting instincts were brought into plav at the same instant, with had results for other man. Defendant was magis tenally informed that the attack unon his father did not give him authority to take the law into his own hands, but his conduct under the circumstances would be viewed leniently. In proof whereof he was obliged to leave 10s in the hands of the court orderly. A cliild named Selina Hart, aged 20 mouths, was taken to the Geelong Hospital yesterday afternoon suffering from a painful stoppage of one of the passages of the nose. The infant had fastened a peanut in the nostril, but it was quickly extricated by the resident surgeon. The child's parents reside at Mnrgheb' luc. The subjects of veterinary science, arithme tic, carpentry, dressmaking, German, writing and correspondence were taken up yesterday afternoon and evening at the Gordon College. This evening classes iu mechanical drawing, plumbing, ehortbaud and bookkeeping will start operations, and all intending students must enrol at once. The annual meeting of the Barwon Rowing Club will be held at eigbt o'clock this evening in the Mechanics' Institute classroom. Last Monday evening the liairdressiug saloon of Mr Dietritch, next the Prince of Wales' Hotel, had a narrow escape of destruction by fire. During the temporary absence of the proprietor of the establishment a spirit lamp used in heating water was somehow displaced, and set fire to the woodwork of the shelf on which it stood. Fortunately Mr Dietritch re turned before the flames had secured a firm hold of the property, and he speedily extin guished the fire. Mr Abraham will sell this day, at 11 o'clock, at the Wool Exchange, at rear of Victoria Hotel, about 250 unredeemed pledges, com prising lot of furniture, jewellery, guns, musical instruments, and a host of useful aud necessary luxuries and necessities for household use, without reserve. Messrs Denning and Co., boot manufacturers, of Ryrie-strect, call special attention tQ their great clearing sale of boots and shoes, com? mencing this day. Mr H. F. Richardson notifies his usual sale by auction, to-day, of farm, dairy, and orchard produce. The revision court for the revision of the burgess list for the Knrdiuiu ward will he held at the Y-M.C.A rooms ou Friday, October 4th, at 10 a.m. Mr Iv. C. M'Cormick announces that ho is starting private shorthand classes at his resi dence, Yarra-strect. Applications are invited by the shire council of Leigh for the office of pouudkeeper at Roke wood. A notice of iutcrest to debenture holders iu the Melbourne Permanent BuildiugSociety ap pears elsewhere. The annual general meeting of the members of the Barwon Rowing Club will be held in the Mechanics' Iustitute, this evening, at S o'clock. , On Friday eveniug the members of the Gee loiig Yacht Club will hold their annual meeting at iho Victoria Hotel at 8 o'clock. The mission in the Wesleyau Church, Chil well, will be ccutinued tin's evening. ^All friends aud supporters of Mr H, W, Day, desirous of securing his xeturn at the approach ing electiou are requested at attend a meeting at his office at 7.30. this cieiiing Mr Neil Campbell will sell by auction in his rooms, this day, at a quarter to one o'clock, 222 acres 3 roods 30 perches of laud, near Rokewood, aud known as Albert Gelleft's land. We have received from Mr J". Purdie. book seller and stationer, of Moor.»\>ooi and Rytie street*, a copy of the August number of " The Badminton Magazine," a most entertaining publication devoted to sports and pastimes. The reading matter, which is of a thoroughly nleusim? description. is nicely interspersed with pleasing description, is nicely interspersed ' views of the subjects tieatcd, and affords to the reader a variety of interesting and instructive information for the moderate price of one thilliug. ? 