Pass is Pabuahsht, THURSDAY, AUGUST 29. Mr. Glas?ey, as usual commenced bis I afternoon's attack on the estimates with a grumble. Ho is a unique sort of rusty old automaton. Put a penny in the slot and tho figure will more a reduction in the estimates, is a concise description of the man who, in fear, forsook his first lore, Bundamba. He wanted to know what tho Grit Service Board had done to earn the money voted for them, made some inquisitorial inquiries into the working of the staff, thought the whole .thing should be substantially reduced owing to She superannuation clauses of the Act Laving been repealed, and generally displayed his ustvj! zeal on this, as en creiy other subject touching the service, except perhaps the record room of tho Lands. However, the House docs cot now. bother its head about him. Mr. Tozer took bira in hand, worried him, and, without telling him. much, dropped him. Even his own followers arc getting tired of him, and there is not an hon. member who docs not laugh at him, many pity him and a few—well it is best perhaps not to say too much. ""What good use should the Immigration JBarraiksat Kangaroo Point be put to if no immigrants come out to occupy tbcinr" was a tittle conundrum which puzzled the brains of those hon. members who have any, for a few minutes. The loyal Oxleyilo * raised the •question, and in subsequently speaking on the subject the chat-away member for Maokay .said ho was not sure what old Arrowroot •Sam was driving at, but he presumed that what he wanted was to turn tho immigration barracks into on agricultural college. Full of indiemation Mr. oriraes rose and denied the soft impeachment, sad said, "lam not going to Lire such rot fathered upon me " Certainly iiot. Then Mr. Tozer tried to extract from hon. members what they wanted to do with the depot. "Do you want me to ecuvert it into a lunatic asylum ?" asked tho Colonial . Secretary. Which recalls the information con ' tained in a recent English paper to the effect . that they have a man in the lunatic asylum at . Grabsmstowu whose first symptoms of insanity \- arc described as "a desire to neglect his busi ness and become a member of Parliament." ! His case is said to be hopeless. Moral: . . Here's a eliance for hon. members to fill in the \- missing moral. An amusing rough and tumble scrimmage .between doleful Huffy, of Bundabcrg, cud . cocky Cross, of Clermont, afforded the House some fun. Mr. Gross toll the Government lhat the immigration depot at Bundabcrg was so much used by kanaka loafers that white men •'could not get accommodation. But the funereal • member for Millaquto,waxing indignant, hurled Mr. Cross's insinuation back in hk teeth, re proached him for making bald and untrue statements, mid said very plainly what ho .thought of the little hon. member. And all . the time Mr. Cross wriggled about on the front . Opposition bench, and got ready to attack his sobbing antagonist. He pulled down his onffs, adjusted his collar, buttoned his coat over his expansive—eh—wcll—chest, sat on the extreme ' edge of the bench, rubbed his hands together, . and looked for all the world like a gamecock . thirsting for gore. And when he got thechanco he ilew across at Mr. Duffv, and stuck his spurs : right to the hilt in that lion. member's most .touchy point. "Ho says my statement is untrue, does he?" said Mr/ Cross. "To call it an untruth is just like the iion. member who promised the people • who returned him to Parliament to give them one man one rote, and thon went and voted against it lost night.*' He then, bursting with -bounccablencs*, told tho House tlmt ho had resided in Bundabcrg as well as Mr. Huffy, and \- knew what he was speaking about. * Once more Mr. Huffy fell to weeping thusly: '4 When the hon. member for Clermont lived in Pandaberg the people of that district failed to appreciate his original and splendid ?' bility, and consequently when he left 6 he did so unbouoorcd and unsung. Then the ton. member went to tlie west amongst the sheurcrs and others, and they took him to their breasts and nourished him, and the best of it is the hon. member bears hit honours so modestly.'* Clermont Cross looked ropcabte, and kept waiting for a chance to reply. But the following sentence floored him, . <<lf"thc hon. member conies to Bun&tberg; as . an inspector and fault- finder, instead of ex tending the right hand of fellowship to hini I must regard him with suspicion," said ill*. Daffy, This took all the tight out of Mr. Cross, and he turned to Hr. Glasscy for sym pathy, and got an icy etsre instead. The olfactory nerves of tho Opposition whip must bo abnormally developed. Mat Bold, as analyst of the stomach-turning fumes which are emitted Bom a boiling down establish* rncnt, appeared iu a new and scientific ride last Thursday night week. The unemployed question had. cropped up iu the vote for the services of the Labour Bureau. ' Mr. Eeid called attention to the statement made by the clerk of petty sessions for Emerald that the unemployed who passed through that difitriot did not want work. That report, ho argued, was founded on a statement made by tho manager of a boiling-down establishment to the clerk of petty sessions. "Toko work at a boiling-down establishment V asked Hat. i "Doe* the House know what some . of these places arc like ? "Why you \- can : em oil them 10 miles away. I • appeal to the hon. member for Hliohcll if that \- is not the caso." J"Oh! yos," eaid Mr. \- Cameron, "they're worse even than Edin burgh." And the Scotch members laughed at . , the apropos application ,of the old saying " Sweet Edinburgh, I smell thee no'." Thon . Hat twitted Hr. Tozer with being very, good ] at giving detaOe of certain items when asked, and added, "But he can't give us the details of a boiling-down smell.- I have made a.careful analysis of it and know all about it." Where .fa Hat's laboratory? Probably opposite the Toowong rifle butts. V FRIDAY, AUGUST SO. The case of Sirs- Storey created much sym pathy, but was not productive of anjr brilliant oratoiy. Mr. John Watson championed her case, and read his notes rather more distinctly than usual, and for that the 60nsic little widow of the late engineer of the "Lucy" should bo grateful. After Mr.. Tozcr had spoken against the proposal, whiyh was to grant Mrs. Storey £100 in.addition to the sum obtained from tbc Civil Service Superannuation Fund, and several boa. members had addressed the Speaker in favour of it, the motion was carried ou the voices. The danger of an alarming influx of Asian and African aliens, and the best moans to pre vent such a thing happening, was the text of an electioneering sermon preached for publica tion and for use "agin the Government," when they are "next • before the country, by Mr. Browne. That hon. member was at his best, and put good plain facts be fore the lions?, irnd abstained from that rotten rant which characterises tho utter anoesof so many of those who sit near him. A tax on the employers of Chinese, Japanese, and other aliens was his remedy. Ho knew he would be told that he had no right to interfere with the liberty of the subject, and this gave the Attorney-General n chance. "Liberty of the subject, forsooth," he said; " the only liberty these same subjects want is the liberty to loaf" A hit, a palpable hit; in facta bullseye. "Any white man, who claims to bo a white fellow, 'who could not do as much work as a blackfellow even in tropical Queensland, is not worthy to bo called a white man," was the Croydon anti-Chinese orator's way of putting it. "Why are you frightened of thorn, then?" interrogated the JMmc Minister; and tho little miner looked ut his notes, but failed to fish out a good retort. However, ho related to tho House the little story— this has notliing to do with the subject of Mr. Watson's motion—of how ho had bocn in the stokehole of a steamer in the Chinese sea. There was a 6ort of piratical ring in his voice as he said it. There the heat was intense, and tho long sleevers few and far between; and, in consoqacuco, be had seen tho Chiueso and darkyj firemen collapse, and hard - headed, musctdor Englishmen take their plaoe. The aliens could not stand tho heat, but the gallant and plucky Englishman oonld. Turn on14 Rule, Britannia," on the loud-sounding phonograph again, please. Ah! thanks. The Premier quietly replied. He made no fuss, bat stood brarelr up, with his hands in his pockets and told the House plump and plain that there was no danger of any great, in fact of any influx of alieni at all. Then he resumed his seat and read ligaro lor tho rest of the evening. The Euoggcra barrister had to drag in the kanaka bogie by liis woolly head. It was unfortunate, for up to that point that dusky danger had been loft out in the cold. The Attorney-General followed. Ho was brilliant. Tho many interjections with which his appeal was met showed that the speech was a telling one. He gave it. hot to the lion, member for Enoggera for introducing the Pacifio islanders. But we know that that taciturn individual could uot help himself, he had blackfellow on the brain. So Tommy quoted the remarks of tho Trench general to lus men when speaking <tf Alsace and Lorraine. "Tho who forgets them is a traitor, but he who speaks of them is a fooL" Once upon a time, the Cairns representative began, there was a great national crusade against the Chinaman. This was especially so in Croydon. There, every Chinaman was hunted off the field. Even the landlords of the pubs had to get rid of their " Chinee cooks." But, oh! how the poor white men suffered ! They became so dyspeptic, and were troubled so much by indigestion brought on by the bad cooling of the white "Mary, that, ul» mo bad coomnn ottnownito **&iaiy;, tnat, ul timately, ther had to send a deputation after the kickcd-out Chinaman and request him to come right back and cook again. This tho I bland and soulless Jolm did, without the ghost of a Mongolian smilo. - | The proper remedy, the very check in fact, j against an influx of Jap and " chiakie " aliens was, in the Attornoy-GcneraTfi opinion, the immediate population of Queensland with whito immigrants. Tut millions of people on the j millions of acres lying idle, and tho invading | almond-eyed one would find that it was not ; worth his while to come here, and would stay | away. ! The junior member for Hacbay did not know how the proposed tax would work iu the case of a Chinaman employing a whito man. Suppose the labour * members were to engage a Chinaman lawyer to defend tbcm would they be taxed tinder this proposal? But as no answer came to his harmless little query, ho said, " But I suppose they would not employ Ah Chovr, they would give their brief to Ah Charlie." And the House anole. The hon. member for Earkc never oponcd his mouth all night, and no one regretted it. He looked unhappy, but tho House appreciated his silence. Bong may it hist. The constant dropping of bone3t, though perhaps severe, criticism has had its effect, the hon. member for Hoolan has been reformed; therefore exit Mr. Glasscy from these pars. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3. A visit to tho "Museum," as many folks term our " House of Lords," on Tuesday was not in any way cheering. Except tho hon. member who was busy addressing tho President all the others seemed to be asleep. There was a good attendance. You seo tho old fellows expected that the Gambling Bill would be put into committee. So the cunning Post master-General had quietly counted heads, and seeing that there were only ten mem bers who favoured the * nonconformist-cam puUican-cnm-bookmaker ."Bring about the Millennium Bill" in the chamber, while a strong phalanx of 13 opponents were in their places ready to rend it to pieces by diplomatic. tact, got the item postponed so that it could not come on till Jio had rounded up the naughty "boys who had gono back on him and were play* ingtruant. Bull as ditch water as tho proceedings were, occasionally there was a hilarious outburst of ' boisterous mirth; that is to say, somo hon. anti quarian would smile. This did not occur often, i '[here was a danger of the President's chancing to catch a glimpse of a more than usually ghastly grin and calling the hoary headed humorist to order. Mr. Bmacott, whose voice is boooming feebler and feebler every day, rode bis hobby-horse bang in front of Sir Arthur's nose, and was called to order. His particular delusion is that the Queensland statutes arc so badly drafted that hon. members of Parliament cannot grasp themeaningof many ambiguoasand obscure clauses, and he pathetically urged that in futuro no bill should be presented to either branch of the legislature' until it had been thoroughly revised by an experienced drafts man. He did not receive much support. The Grimaldi of the Upper House poked fun at the ex-Postmastcr-Gcneral, and told hun that the hon. member who could not construe the Queensland statutes, und who thus found tho duties of a member of Parliament too arduous and too laborious, should make room for someone else. Mr. Hacdonald-Fatcrson went on to point out that tho same bills were not of the same interest to all members, j Measures congenial to "Noah" might be the reverse to "Adam" and rice versa. For instance, lie pointed out that the Hon. B. B. Forrest would doubtless take great interest in commercial, banking, and maritime laws, which might hot be oongenial to the Hon. Mr. Buzacott; while the latter might find pleasure in drawing up concise clauses dealing with ''ticks" and "redwater" and such like things, which would be obnoxious to the Hon. B. B. F. Then taking the interest* ing subject of "tiokB" as Ma tcir, he gave the Old Johnnies a lecture thereon till tho President thought he was going too far and called him to order, adding, "Tho way you ore speaking would lead us to believe that the House is full of 1 ticks.' And the policeman had to quietly eject from the gallery the forgetful spectator, who muttered a little too loudly, "Yes! lunatics." Faei/is tit detcensu* acen'ii. But oven a change from the gods above to the popular chamber below was fraught with anything but pleasure. Quiet and dull the law-making machinery moved on all the evening without friction. Tho Humble Hardacre took tho chanco given him in the Audit Act Amendment Bill to pose us the great financier of modern times. He likened this littlo dodge of the Treasurer's to the little cliild 'a toy money box. The kid 6avcd up its pence day by day and week by week till its little hoard reached three or four pound?. It was sot a colonial youngster the humble one was speaking about. Tlion tho land parent came along and - took the child's pennies from him and bought him some Sunday-^o-to mceting clothes therewith. 14 That's Nelson," fcoid the Leiehhardt lamb, but where the appli cation of the dismal fable came in has not dawned on Hon. members even yet. Hardacre would mako a first-class lightning change comedian. He walks on the political stage looking meek, dreamy, and vacant. That is when he is playing the role*" of Humble Hardacre. Then he dashes his hand through his hair, unbuttons his coat, clutches hold of a bundle of papers, and looks znore vacant than ever. That is Hurdacre the financier. Next lie changes his white tie, and dons a fiery red anarchist looking ecarf, buttons up his coat, piles volumes of "Hansard" round him, drinks ■water by the bucket, and quotes Herbert Spencer and Henry George. Ah! there ha is in bis glory. Behold the intellect which swells out his noblo brow! He is then Hardacre, the great land law reformer. . The Bail way Bill was postponed, and the Railway Guarantee BOl got as far as clause 2 in committee, when progress was reported. This cleared the decks for action in the early closing fight. The member for Cook put in a good word for barmaids. Ho did hot think it was right that they should be made to work such long hours. Everybody, ho remarked, know what slavery the me of a barmaid nsnally was, except the hon. member for Oxloy. But no one took up the burden of 14 Jack's "soug. Ob ! the pretty little barmaid, She works from morn till night In the nasty dirty gin trade. Quoth Jack, * That is not right.* With a wink at Oxlcy'a loyal one SajsJack, 'Why after tea Those pretty little angels Should be sitting on my knee'.* But these giddy little barmaids On Jack ore not mucb shook, They don't love the man from Oxley, But—ugh!—they couldn't kiss 'the Cook.* The sensation of the evening was caused ; by the bursting of a tornado in even* ; ing dress into the" precincts of tho House, i Business bad progressed. Four orders of the day had been disposed of, and members were up to tbeir eyes in the fifth. This, as already mentioned, was the Early Closing Bill. Heavens! Such despatch of badness was never known before. Never dreaming that this measure would be brought on to >peed3r, Mr. Dickson had gone quietly home to have a tub and dress for the Governor's ball.v At 9 o'clock he heard of what was going on. He banged open the doors leading to tho library and stalked into the Assembly like Ajar defying the lightning, and with tho electric light scintillating round his shining pate thundered forth abuse upon the head of the Premier for hurrying on the business of the country bo rapidly. Indignation in full drew! There ho stood. His distress was pitiable, j Many of his constituents are interested in the subject. So he waxed vehement till his stiff white chirt, with its three gold studs, stood out 'a yard in front of his manly chest, and his very socks blushed with anger. But no notice was taken of his blustering, and tho bill went merrily on till 16 clauses bad been disposed of, when the House adjourned; WEDNESDAY, 8EPTEMBER i. The Gambling Suppression Bill seems to hive boon born under an unlucky star. It was putiu the shade by the Inebriates Bill m the "Lords"" on Wodnesday. Hon. centenarians seem to bo rather avorso to tackling it, and so it has boon put off till Tuesday next. Tho totalisator odds are about 7 to I that it won't bo discussed then. Tho Inobriatcs Bill was more congenial, and in the midst of d holy oalm it was fccblv discussed, amended, and agreed to. But to return to tho Assembly. As soon as a chance was afforded him the only member for Brisbane North rose to make an - explanation. Ho seldom com plains ; but on his own showing there appear to be good grounds for his grumbling. He is member for tho city, and many of bis con stituents aro shop employees, and therefore interested in tho Early Closing Bill. So with traders themselves. They also air their viows on the moasure through their member. Now the Traders' Association had placed in his hands certain amendments which tliey desired to see made in the Early Closing Bill. Bat when that bill was brought on on Tuesday night the heaven- born orator was nm at. Hero was a pretty stato of things. It would at onco bo aaid tuut this good yonug man pre ferred enjoying the light fantastic hop at the Governor's •' sliovoo" to looking after tho desires of his constituents. ^therefore the result might bo, if he did not explain, thai, after the close of this session. Parliament might sco him no more. And no great los. cither. However, he wanted his constituents to know, through theso columns, why he was not in liis place when ho ought to have been. "I got a definite assurance from the Colonial Seoretary," said Sir Thomas's colleague, " that the bill would not como on on Tuesday even ing." Then Mr. Tozer, with a scowl on his visage that threw a gloom over the Assembly, said, "The hon. member is quite in error in stating that I gars him anything like a definito assurance.". Now, who is right? Mr. Dickson had tho same grievance on Tuesday. Either Mr. Kingsbury or Mr. Tozer must be qualifying for a new rolo. In future, hon. members when they want such an assur ance from tlio "dark man" from Wide Bay. should make sure. figures, can bo twisted anyway to suit tli* news of a debater. Therefore the "statistics of tho colony are good material with which to make bombs to throw into the Chamber and upset tho equilibrium of hon. members. Mr. Browne thought it was time that a real live statistician was appointed to figure up our affairs. Mr. Blakcney was all very well in his way; but his figures were inaccurate. The little miner body gave a few instances relating to bis own electorate. Mr. Torcr admitted that mistakes were mode, but he did not blame William Thcophilus. He threw all the odium of these errors on the persons who supplied, or rather who failed to supply, the Bogistrsr-Gcneral with information. Therefore he told Mr. Browne that if time permitted ho would introduco a mcasuro to provide machinery to compel people to givo tho information requirod. But what about that statistician P Mr. Tozer never mentioned him, and yet the colony is quite ripo enough for tho appointment Of course labour members had to back and hew at the Registrar-General's sohuy, and tried to cut a £100 riico off it. Butthcryfailod. A division was taken, with the result that 1G labour dudes voted for the reduction and 35 41 servile followers" against it. The member of tho ureal "sweet seventeen" who was absent was Mr. Dawson, who was at homo nursing the baby. Tho labour party wanted to reduce the police vote by £1,450, and they did relish poking boraoat tho inoffensive "peeler." Law and order is what they abhor; and when they get achonce of hitting the gentle" copper" behind his back or below the belt, they always take it. Bat the hard- worked "ndmber av the fooroc" had plenty of champions, and labour members did not get their way. "When Mr. Goo. Phillips roeo to take excep tion to the voto of £I,0QQ for polioc remounts, labour members to a man said, " Hear, hear.** At last & supporter of the Government had the courage to got up aud tell tho Houso that tho estimate required boding down a triile! The "calamity howlors'' were jubilant. > Tliej turned round, faced the man from Carpen taria, and waited for his words. Thcar pot them. "I object to this £1,000, said Mr. Phillips—("Hear, hear," from the faction) —- "because I do not think it is sufficient." Govornmcnt supporters roared, while tho estimates raiders groaned. Mr. Phillips thought that tho Government should supply tho troopers in outlying districts, in fact everywhere, with better remounts. He had seen first-class offioers mounted on miser able "ctonks" which were a disgrace to & knacker*a yard. Tho vote of £4,000 for rations for the black trackers cave riso to lengthy debate; and rightly so. This sum indicated that rations for trackers cost £10 per annum per head.. AH hon. members who spoko thought that this was exorbitant. And so it is. Why, many a man with a wifo and five children feeds, clothes, and houses them comfortably on £20 per head per annum. And yet under Government management it oosts £40 per tracker. Mr. Fiahcr fumed over it, and was told that this was for tho tracker and his gin, because unless the giu was included in tho contract the boy would not stick to the barracks. Mr. FiaUer wished he was a tracker. Tho Flinders flaneur roado a direct charge apuinst soraoone. He emphatically stated that the rations did not all go to tho black trackers; that the superior officers had good pickings out of tho vote, and that <h* traokers anted as servants to their superior., Mr. Tozor's reply was very milk and wateir,. und Joey Boll thought that a strict inquiry shorn* 1 bo mule into tho charge. Mr. Leahy also made some grave «tatcmonts on this vote. Ho kept his eye on the Colonial Secretary oil the time. "Oh, tho hou. member need not wag his . head," said tho ■ too bellower. "Thohon. member will have *o put spectacles on,*' re retorted Mr. Tozcr, "aa I did not wag my head." "The hou. gentlemen," said tho Wild mac from the West, "did what ho often docs in other matters, he wagged his head without knowing it." And tho laugh was turned against truthful Horace. Hon. members kept hammering away at this j Vote till all was btuo. Mr. Tozcr began to get I siokofit. "Oh! the poor constables have not got o vote," ho ecarka. "It is a pity they hayo hob " fired up tho flaneur from-JElmdera; "and if tlie hon. member has pinch enough to bring in a hill to give them votes, I have pluck enough to veto for it." And Mr. Tozcr only shook his head and looked dismal. Then Mat Itrid, tho champion intexjcctor, while fossicking for minor matters, unearthed h hugo nnggct in the shape of a spy. "Now that tho door is cleared I am going to have it out with the Colonial Secretary. I've been waiting on tho off chance for it all the evenin V' said Mat, and flung tho poor spy right at Mr. Tozoi. Ho told some sad yarns about the carryings on of this informer, who had been sent by tho Colonial Secretary, in whoso pay he was. right into the enemy's camp. This horrid 6py actually got himself appointed a member of a workers' committee, and sent blood* curdling and hair-raising yarns to his chief, the Colcnial Secretary. "But." laughed tho graveyard sruardian, " wo knew him to ho a spy all tho time, and we wcro only pulling liis leg. Tho Colonial Secretary might just as well have read ' Head wood Dick' as the reports tho reptile ecnt in." Mr. Tozct sighed and looked at the clock. Tho House shortly afterwards rose. 