s FEDERATION AND THE REVENUE. A, - TO THE EDITOR. i SIR-The attitude assume by Sir John Forrest towards the Premiers' Conference at Hobart on the the federation question is one that should meet with the strongest disapproval of those who believe in democratic forms of Government. The suggestion brought forward by the Premier of Victoria and South Australia is undoubtedly the most practical and fair of any yet advanced, inas- much as it would provide for the election of the Convention by the people, and that the scheme decided on by them should be then accepted or rejected by the people. Upon what grounds can Sir John and his satellites cavil at this proposal ? Are they afraid that if the Convention is elected by the people, their stupendous intellects will not be chosen to shape the future of Australia, or are they afraid that if the Convention agree upon a scheme of federation the people may accept it. These are the only conclusions one can come to after following their proceedings at the recent Conference. It is most improbable that more than two of the present delegates to the Federal Council would stand a " ghost of a show " at an election with the whole colony voting as one constituency on the basis of our antiquated scheme of manhood suffrage. Not even the gifted eloquence of the member from the seaside would avail to persuade the electors to recognise him as a fit person to shape the future of United Australia, and the other mediocrities who have gone to the Hobart picnic would meet with a like reception and then there is the fear that the people in Western Australia might wake up to the fact that it would be to their advantage to federate. The individual who lately acquire such a reputation for weight-carrying up hill, knows as he scans the revenue returns what a large proportion of that revenue is derived from the workers and producers by means of Customs duties, to., and as he looks at the expenditure returns he sees the thousands spent in the districts where his supporters' lands are located, and notes with inward chuckling how they rake in the shekels earned by the public expenditure and which should belong to all. Then that word Federa- tion comes up before him and he knows it means that at the fulfilment of that fact these Customs duties must melt away, and then taxation must be made, and he feels a fearful sinking as he thinks that perhaps the people may demand that the increased value of these lands shall be returned to the State as taxation. So he comes forth as the saviour of his country from these terrible ills ! Workere, when will you learn to appreciate this patriotism at its true worth P The fact of the whole matter is the Federation question is the land tax question, and it as such that Sir John and his supporters oppose it. Yours, etc, G. F. P. Perth, February 14. 