iq6BPOjt<bBIsrgBS.; yr"i:£2'p the Editor. Sin; — It roply to a letter from Bov. W. W. Mantell.- qppenring in tho Otaeriir dt '2Gth' Novombor, I .wish to say a few words to riiako m.v'positibn eleiiror. Setting aside tho question of heliot or disbojtof in tnomoio, (and on tliis particular question of ispinta I tako an ngnastio standpoint)/ and arguing from' n sciontiflo point of viow, tho case stririds-thus :Ts tho apponrnnoo or nppan- tiqn.mntorinl' 'w immaterial P Sfr. Sluntoll says - "that 'hocniiso: djsombodiofl 6jiint8 were porinittod to'nssuino a visible lorm, both as regards body and clothing, it /loos riot follow thnt'oithor tho ono or tho otlior ttrin'utbriiUr bjit tho trqmtor is that tlioy wore? both' immatoiiul.'( I must bo very obluso, ris tho srquit"!' is not olonrtome. Oii tho contnuy,' it is very dark. IIow can the immaterial bo inndo cogmsnolo by our sorisos ?. Mr. Ma'ntoll su.vb, " by assuming tho sbnpo.of , tho. natural body."_ To my iniiid, ;thia urica not lessen tho difficulty. Tho/outyTwiiy in wliieli wo can hoepmo oognijrint of un object, is from tho_ light waves from it impmgoiiig on tho rotinq of thooyo ; and light rim only bo roflcctod from a mntorinl substanco. In liko mannor. the only way in which wo can bccomo cog nisant of sound, is fiom lliis substiinco, or part of it, giving rise to acoustic vibrations which strike upon tlio tympiinum of tho tho oar..' Now, to giro rise to tlioso ncoustio vibrations, tho tiuuo n3 in tho cuso of tho light waves,; nccessiliitos vibratory niovo-. mout of n lrintoi ial body. Jf, thou, wo nro to boliovo that it is pnssihlo to both soo nnd- honrlbonpjinrilioii.Isuy most oniiliatieally that it involves u Icinporiir.v miiloriulisatiou of thospirit. Can uiiyonoiiimgino tho iin- < matoriafspirit imparliiig ncoustio vihrntioris to tha.nirror reflecting light ? Mr/Miintell may say that it is cognisublo by ollior means than through Iho oidimiry physical Borises. Of courso, this cannot bo provoil or dis- firovod;' hilt I think tlmt most of thos9 who nro boliovors will ho ready to graiit thnt is'' through the uiiliiiary souses. If wo shut our cars to the sound, wo shall not honrit; if wo closo our ores wo shnll not soo. Tak ing it for grimtcii that it is through tho or dinary-souses wo bccomo cognifant pf tho prosqn'co of the apparition, it scrims to ino thorqis no way out of tho difficulty but by: tho materialisation of tho spirit. "A study of Nature's laws shows_ us -that tho do- struotion of nialtor iri impossible.' Wo know thut any substanco, whon onco in oxisteiico, cannot bo .destroyed." 'Wo inriy gnnd a s!o:m in tho smallest. microscopio frngmonts, am! divide and snbiliviilo, again, niul uguiu, but tlio imagination ennnot pia- tnro tho ilesfiuclian:of.tbo smallest atom. Wonvo guided in this by experience, wliich is alt wo have to go by. Die materialisation and ilouiatorialisution of tho spirit is con-, ceivablo: but exporionoo roriders tho do- mntoiiiilisiitioa iniliolicvablo. ,On physical grounds.np loai nnces or'appanfiiiris lira iin-. possihlo. . From tho gonorul tehrir of 'Mr; Mnntoll's remiirks, I think ho would soon bo making uso of that phraso whioh has be come hackneyed m soieutific discuseions, nuinoly, that "with God nil things are pns sihlo." It is nn easy and convenient lino of rotrcnt. If lie adopt this, I nt onco sur render, and say (lioi o ls'nalis verborum. On tho adoption of this phraso all arguments on scientific subjects must ccnso. With regard to divrsting myself of my innntlo of nnonyniity, I am afraid Mr. Man toll is 'oo iildo nn opponent for mo. I jmvo ncithor tho oxporicuco nor tho oratorical uhrlity to debate tho question with him ; butlkopo to Imvo Iho pleasure and privilege of making his acquaintance at somo timo iu tho hoar future. Hoping ho will tako those few vo- marks in tho aniao friendly sjiirit in which they nro made, anil thaiiking you, .Mr, Editor;- in anticipation;.--. . I remain, faithfully yours. SATJS VERBOnUM. 