OMEO LICENSING COURT, Friday, Decrmbbii 20, (Bcforo Messrs. Holmes, Cress>vdl oud 1 Dwyer, P.M’s, The renewal of n)d licenses, grouting of booth licenses, and ptlier business, ns fe ported in lost issuu) liiiving been trnnsnotcd, tlio Court proceeded to consider the applica tions for THE NEW LICENSES. Spmo (iebnto took place botwoen Messrs. Cnunson, Connut uml Stewart am} the Bench as to the method of hearing thouppli cations, and it was decided to lioar alj liefore coining to a decision, and that in tlin ease of any objection buing made tile objector would hnvo to hold liiniaelf liable to pay costs if a deoision wore given against him. .TOIlJf W. M'OllATH. Mr. Ununson, for tho applicant, said tills was ft threu*barrelled application fora house atSunuyside, the first for a house in erection* the second for a house in being, and the third for a house to bo crcctod in accordance with plana to bo submitted fco the Bench. W|th regard to tjjo poll, it hat) been initiated and the expense wholly borne by M'Grath. [Mr. Cmmnt and . Mr. MncUormott ? No, sir.] It was MHjrnth's 6f!brts which made tlio issue of this lioenso possible, and he Would say that, all things being equal, and I always supposing that M'Grutl) \yus not put nut of court oq some technical ground or 1 matter of character, and thcro wns no possi* bility of that, it would bo a perfect outrage on decorum qml justice if he did not roccivo a license. :r J. W. M'Grath gavo cvidoqqo as to mak ing threo applications and duly publishing the same. Ifo deposed tlpit lm had left the Slope that morning and the notices wero then properly posted on t}jo buildings. Ho took spoeial notice in consequence qf instruc tions which ho had recoded. If a license wero granted from January 1st next ho would liavo six rooms quite ready for hotel purposes. Jfis private residence was 200ft, away. Tho now building would be made qf pine and weathorboard chiefly and would cost him very nearly L1000. Mr, Gnuuson, in reply to the Benoh, said tho threo applications were virtually for the one building M'Grath (ro-callod by the Bench) : Ho was married and had a family of two. He intended that his wife should assist him in the business. A. S, Dialtm deposed: That he waa tho pontraotar for putting up M‘Grnth’s hotol. Six rooirjB were nil ready for paporing—mot counting tho throe whiqh were at present erected at the billiard rquin. There would bu 24 rooms altogether, and tho cubic space in the amalloqt would bo 1‘JQOft. [Mr. Guunenm The A°t only requires 800ft,] Tho building would bo a gqod substantial struc ture, S\ i'tncss' part of tho work would cost L.800, MTlrath finding the timber and other matorial. Altogether it would oust about hi000. He QQuld have 10 rooms completed by January 4 if tho application was nd« joqruod to the Ofbnsfc court. Oanstublu Ctihir. gave uvldcnoo as to tho forward ooudition of tho building ami its suitability for'licensed promises. M'Grath (recalled): Ifts intention was to furnish suitably and ip good style, The petition for tho poll Wft3 got up entirely by himself, ut\d no ot\e assisted him financially. Ho paid Hunter L14 to get thq signatures and Mr. Gauuson L5 5s. • for preparing the' petition. M. ,1, OAUMOPV. Mr. Wise, with M**» Dayino, nppVtcrt for-n victualler'll license for Mr. Carmmiy for u liuuau at (ilen \Vills, at present held by him under a roadside license. M. J, Oirinody deposed : That he pur. chased tho roadside license of the Qommor cial hotel, Glen Wills, five .years ago next March for LltiQQ cash aijd altogether it had cost him 'nearly 1.91500. It lmd about 8 rooms when ho took possession ; ho had added 9 rooms since, and was now adding ti more large rooms in front. The latter would 1m> complete at the end of the year. In addition he had invested a large nmn of money in tho district; ho had spent L8D0 a year in mining for years past. Mr. Gaunson : On ! I ought to have said that M'Grath hu<l gpeut> two or thrufi millions in mining. Constable Cahlr deposed : That under the circumstance the hotel had been well con* ducted \ the landlord had a very rough class to deal with. Any instructions that wit. ness gave had always beep attended to. The population of Glen Wills and Siunuysido was between (100 and 7Q0, WILLIAM &KCOJIHE.; Mr. Stewart . applied for a pomlitiqnnl Iiqonso to ho tailed to William Sccombe for premises whioh he proposed to erect at Smmyside. Willium Secorpbo deposed: That CUon Wills nml Sunnyaido were about li miles apart by u bridle track ; tho population of the latter place was between 300 and 400 and of Glei\ Will* about 200 ami 300. He produced a plan of tho building. Six rooms were already np aud ho proposed to build mno more,' The boil-rooms were 12ft. by Oft and 0«Q would bo loft, by Oft. Tho neces aory notioe was pasted on a board, which was nailed to the building; Tho notico was tliore that morning, Tho building would cost ahont L30O and could bo flnishod in three months at tho outside. H0 had resided at Glen \Vills for about oightoon months; was a miner and had interests at tho Glen. Constable Cahir gave evidence ns to nruntfin nf flin nnn1innn; —] .i.. \---“ kuvo erilienca 08 t character of tho applicant nnd tho anilabiUt building whioh ho was putting vp. of the T. B. JOHNSON. Mr, Onnant annonnood that this anolia tlon would be yitfidrawn. • . ' J. VRF.QON. Mr. Cummins applied for n conditions Iioonse to bo issued to J. J. Fregon for pro ride68 wh 0 1 10 Pl'0P0Bed to ereot at Sunny Jphn James Fregon doposod : Thnthehai had considerable experience as manager o hotola, both at Tonglq and tho Goldob Ago Omeo. The site of the premises for whio] he was applying was a central position 4 Sunnysldo, and the ground had an area o one aora. The promises would have sovoi rooms in audition tp those required for hi om family, aiu} in the event of businea rpquirmg it he would make additions to tin qouse. ,A.t this stage the-OouTt adjourned fo lunch. On resuming, J. J. Fregon (further examined) i H; assisted in the taking of tho Hocusing pol and drove a Urge number of voters to tin booth. Frederick M'Intosh deposed ! That he hac prepared plana and speoifioation for Freuon’i «« estimated the oost at LMO, which he thought wquld provide t a'ia,uitablB ’ lor the locality, Additions could always he made. Soniofcfinatable fiavks gave evidence a* to the good oharaoter of the applicant. THOMAS OBOWTHER, Mr. Conant, for Mr. :T, Crowther, mad application for a Intense at Sunnvslde. Mr, Qjqant aaid the Bench were there t grant two addittoual licenses, fur the poll o ratepayers had decided in favor of twoextr license, being allowed, and they were we » de and other, that were in the district tlmt time, Now, while the Bench wore ask to grant two new hocuses they were ask to conserve one in the interest of Canned ?ho JSUifii‘T 7 °in ? 0lva °no-l»alf of wli "P .bl ll8'f for. If CarmodV we granted the lloensB he had applied for t bourt would be giving with one hand ai taking away with ^hb other, ' Mr. Gaunson said a decision must to given on the present. appliou;ion directly tho ovidopco was concluded, as Crowthcr was making two applications. He could not make a second until tho first was disposed of. Mr. Holmes, P.M.; You are in just tho Rnino position yourself, os you havo put in threo applications. Mr. Uminson : Kxqijbg mo, ours are for tlio one pjcoo of land, whilo CVowlhcr's arq distinot applications ; one to oust Oarmody in tho Glen and Mm other going bald-headed for Hunnysido. Mr. Coimnt contended that bis client l:a*l a perfect right to nmko two applications j directly one was granted he, of course, could not proceed with tho other, and it was for tliqir worships to «iy, in the event of tiwjr considering Urowthor ontitlod to a license, for which placo it should bo granted. . The Bench consulted on the point and decided to continue hearing ovijcncc. Mr. Gaunson said ho was nob objcqting to two applications, but both could not bo con | sidored together, Tho Court must give Us dcaision on tho first enso directly it was heard. Thomas Crowthcr deposed t That ho had resided at Glen Wills for 4 years and 8 months \ tho last 12 months of tho timo ho lmd lived at SunnyBulo, whora ho had a boarding house. Ho provided 00 to £Q mania daily and 150 on Sunday, apd pro vidod all noqossary accommodation for, travellers. Thorp More six rooms in tho fncsont building and if ho obtainod a license to was prepared to put Up twelve additional bed-rooms, in additions to parlors, stabling etc. Tho houso ho proposed to build would cost L300 or L400, and it could bo orcotcd within threo months. In tho meantime ho could givo accommodation at tho boarding houso, Jio saw the notioo posted on his houso yostorday. To the Bench : Tho aroa of tho land was ono acre and was hold by tym as a business area under a minor's right. All tho land at Sunnysidc was crown land. Mr. Gaunson urged that it must bo proved that tho notice postod on tho houso was there on tho day on which tho court sat. Ho thought so much of tho pqint that ho nmdo his client wait out that morning tci mako suro that his notice was in position. Mr. Holmes, P.M.t It has been sworn that tho notice was posted at 5 o’clock last night nipl that is prtma facia evidence that it is still there. Constable Oahir and Mr. It. M. For. sytli gqvo cyidunoo as to tho applicant'^ character. Mr. Holmes : Has this map not boon con*, victed for sly grog selling^ Sub-Inspector Mahoney \ Not that I a\r\ aware of, Mr, Holmes : Yqs, I believe so. Mr. Conant stated that on ono occasion Qrowthor and his wife were both summoned fur sly grog selling, Mrs. Crowthcr could not qome in to defend tho enshut Crowthcr oamc in to defend his own ra so, and, to save his wife trouble, pleaded guihy and paid tho fino in her o ise. It was arranged, however, that tho case against Crowthcr should bo withdrawn, but in the confusion of hearing tho eases, and some nil cteon wore hoard, that against Mrs, Or w wr was \yith drawn and a fine imposed ajainst Crowthcr, and it was not until two or throe days Hgu Unit his ell *nt heqrunc aware of the fact that he had been lined. Mr. Dwyer, P.M., ccniidored that on Mr, Conant’s explanation Crowthcr had, by ex pressing willingness to plead guilty ta tha ohargo against- his wife, admitted Uut grog was sold on his premises. Mr. Gaunson contended that, Crowthen • was now out Qf court, as ho had been can-, victed within throe years, Mr. Croehnm, clerk of courts, produced the court register, whieh showed that u lino of 1^25 was recorded against Crowthcr in June, 1893, for *1/ grog selling. Mr. Conunt submitlo 1 that the objection must fail an notice had not beon given. Mr. Oresswclb P.M-i fjuotcd to show that if objection whs not formally mndo tho Bench did not e'ccccl their jurisdiction by receiving it any time. I Mr. Conunt ^aid lie appeared for tho Ex cise department on tlyit occasion, and Ilia books sliowod that Mrs. Crowthcr was fined, and not the present applicant. The Bcnch said that tho application must he dismissed. v* The ^eqotvl application was withdrawn. MAllY ML'!! I'll V. Mr. Gsnnson, fur Mm.' Morphy, npplicd for a license for Kamwnhr.i. Mr. Gaunsmi said ho would inako llm technical application, lmt he felt there was not a ghost „f „ cUnnee of its BUcceediiig, and so he was conducting tho case without Mrs. Murphy deposed : That tile house had 14 rnoniB, measuring 10ft. by 12ft! end lOft. by 18ft, and 10ft. high*. There was a stable population of about 600 people in tho locality. Part of the house waa throe years old apd tho remainder four or five years old, Her place was about ten inilos from tho Racecourse liQtcl. Constable Kyup deposed: That he had visitod tho house, for which Mrs. Murphy was applying for a license. The promises consisted of two. cottages ; tho plnco was iu good repair, having juBt boon painted and repaired. Tho population within a radius of two miles would noloxoeed 100. To Mr. Ganuson: Tho building was mpeh superior to tho Racecourse hotel. ZtOHRUT o’beilly. Robert O'Reilly, who conducted hip own oaso, applied for a liconso for premiseawhioh he proposed to build nt Sunnvsido. lho applicant deposed : That he would build a house of 24 rooms, with stabling, ote., av a oust of about L400. He was npt a resident of Glen Wills. Ho had obtained a "look with an area of an aero, and hacl another under offer which he proposed to. purchase. Hia aister would assist in tho management of the hntol. He could'‘not aay when the building would be completed. He had private property of hU own. and Ins wifo had a sopurato ostato. e • To Mr. Dwyer, P.M. s The Brpthcn Inn was hla .wifo’s property. It was bought in her name twelve years ago. To Mr.. Cresswell, P.M. : He had ap in toroat up to six months ago, whan lie sold it as he Intended gojng to West Australia. Tho hotel had remained in his name until the transfer recently. He had not paid hia wife rent during any jgirt of the time that ho waa licensee. , T» Mr. Dwyer! i _Thg hotel, was not a gift front the wife b f^her^ A thousand tvounda was paid for it. \ ' PAVIP PEJABLAM. Mr. Conant, for David Dejarlais, appliod for a lioense at Benarsbra, and urgod that at the recent poll a far larger proportion of votes were reoorded at Benamhra than either at Omeo or Glen Wills, showing that the people there required a licensed place, and that Benambra was surrounded by u. stable population, a farming community; while for all the Court knew Glen Wills and Bunnyside might, in a year or two, ba dewrtod like many another goldfield. David Dejarlafs deposed; That the housa wag in good repair, well furnished, and had savep hed-rooms in addition to other rooms. It had boon passed by tho Inspeotor on several ooeasions, but lio could not'obtain a roadside license owing to being too m5r to tha Racecourse hotel. He hadjidd a wino hqenso for two or three years, but gave it up sometime ago, . 4 To the Bench; The notice waa posted on the house on November 17, and was thoro on Tuesday last, _ Thomas Easton, shire secretary, .deposod : Iliat the house wag well built and in good repair, and tho DoWlala family had given accommodation to tho publio there for voars past, He had always considered that theta waa a necessity for a licensed house no penambra, There were, eleven rooms in the houso applied foi;, •• Constable Ryan deposed : That tho house •was well built of wood, well furnished nnd in jgood order, with suitable anoommodation. „ MM. p. M. WEST. Mrs. Wost, who oonductcd her owju oaso,. applied for a license at Bonumhra. The applicant deposed : That there wore cloven rooms in her promisee, four measur ing 14ft. by 12ft, one 14ft bv 14ft, and others 10ft. by 10ft. Tho houno had’been erected nhout a yonr. Siio had a family of eight, tho .eldest being a boy of fourteen ; hor husband was at Big River. She had duly posted tho notices. Sub-Inspootor Mahoney said he only re-, icoivod his notieo nt noon on tho 6th ; it was posted at Omeo on tho 3rd. • Mr. Gaunson : Too late; tho lady is out. ,of court. You Should employ a solicitor, Mrs. Wost. Sub-Inspootor Mahoney said the lottor had boon lying in his office, apparently .since tha 4th. Tho Court adjournod nt 4.10 pjn. Saturday, Beobmbek21. O. A. COLLF.N. Mr. Conant, for <3\. A. Colion, applied for ^license for a house to bo erected nt Sunny Mr. Conant again -urged that tho fullest extension should bo given in tho issue of lie mses, and pointed out that in tho recent roll Glen Wills, which now asked for two liconsos, only polled 18 votes ovcrtBenambra. If, howover, their worships thought Benambra was altogether out of the,running, fthon they should issue two licenses to the Glen, taking no regard of Mr. Carmody., who already hold a roadside license, for the public had deoided .in favor of having two more licensed houses in tho district. His .o’icnt was an old resident, and was the first min to discover gold nt the Glen, and if it had not boon for his exertions tho field thero would not lmvo been discovered. Mr. Conant pointed out that there was no building qn tho ground and therefore they had not been able to comply with tho Aot in tlie matter of posting tho notice. .Mr. Holmes : No, of course you couldn’t. .0. A. Collcp deposed: That he had resided in the district for thirteen years; .'had nover had tho management of any hotel. Ho proposed to put up a 'two storoy build ing at a cost of LG00 or LJ700. It would have sixteen rooms and he should requiro Ulireo months to put it up. To SuO-Inspcctor Mahoney: No other person was interested .with him jin the appli cation. To the Bench; He would build on a residence nrea hold under miner’s right, i "Tho uroa was not in his name bu,t ho wa3 (negotiating for tho purchase. Mr. IS. J. .Johnson was tho holder of .tho land. ((Witness produced a written agreement, ,placing thu land under offer for LluO for one (lunnth.) Mr. Gaunson objected, ns .the applicant -was not in possession of any land whereon to •build in tho event of being granted a license. Kxuminntion resumed : There wnB a •stable on tho land and a habitable dwelling yon part. Mr. Holmes: Then it’s liable to forfei Mr. Gaunson objected ito the document just produced going in. It was not a contract and never could be. Thero was nothing to binit Mr. Johnson and he could, snap liis fingers at Mr. Colteu n.t any moment he liked. ! Tho Bench decided that they would hcnr;i •,thb evidence out. i! Tho formal evidence ns to service of; .notices, etc., was then tendered. I Mr. Crcelinan said tliut Mr. Cfllen left ; two,notices with him on December 3, and a j third 0|ie on last Monday. Mr. Giiunsnji: Then propor luotiee lias ■not been given, Mr.'iConant announced tlmtitho applica tion would be withdrawn. wmipn.vwALs. The remaining applications -were ujith ^withdrawn. THE DECISION. The Bench immediately announced tha -they hajl .decided to ,issue one license t C/u'inody .and one to M'Grath for tho new house.to .be erected according ,to the plans .submitted. Carmody (called by tho Bench): Ilisi •building would ho completed by January 4 M.r. Holmes; Very well, we will adjourn ;thc application to Orhost sn January 4. Distun (called by Air. Gaunson) stated itluitten rooms.of M'Ora(Ids building would the ready by/ammry 4, ,and the remainder •would lie ready within a month. There were not enough men in .the place to finish •■tho house by January (t. Ho might hurry j Mr. Divyor, P.M.: Now, what is tho good of forcing tile witness to mako these 'promises 1 He will probably say undor pressure something he docs slot mean, and instead of ouo month it may ho .pearcr Mr. Holmes: We will adjourn the case, iiintil Jaupary 18 at jBairnsdalo, and I think Mr, Carmody had better take tho same .'adjournment, but it must lx clearly un .dorstood ■ that ithere can be no further adjournment, and if the applicants arc not ,thep ready they will lose tnoir licenses. A BOOTH LICEN8E •was granted to T. J. Malone for the Omeo Plains sports on New Year’s Day. A ROADSIDE HOUSE AT -BENAMBRA. Mr. Gaunsqa said he bad intended to .apply for a roadside lioenee at Benambra for Mrs. Murphy, but ho was informed that the ’ Racocourso hotel wap within ten miles and therefore he felt it would be trifling with tho cogrt if lie persevered with tlie appli cation. tlr. Holmcn was .aware that the places •were within ton lgiles of eaoh other, and that it would be \ueless going qn with tho application. COMM.TMENTABY. Sir. Gaunson, on behalf of hip friends at the bar and also for those who bid gone away ; wished the Bench “ a merry CliriBtmas and many of them.”. Mr. Holmes briefly acknowledged the compliment, and the Court adjourned to Balrnsdulo on the IStli of next muntJi. 