THE TADS GHOSf STOBT. BY H. LANDER. j It was not so many years ago that I shipped as second mate aboard the clipper Tamar from Glasgow to 'Frisco with a general cargo.They signed me on at the last moment, the other man having been taken by the police for quad-gamy, as the skipper was pleased to term it. My predecessor appeared to be an admirer of matrimony, but like most enthusiasts his zeal carried him to excesses. A proud and happy man I was when I stepped aboard the Tamar at Dunoon, for she was a picture ef a ship. She was my lucky ship, too; for three years after, when she went into the port of London, I was her master, and from her I got into the company's service. I was a gaunt, weedy-looking chap, having had a rough time ashore, and, in spite of my fifteen years at sea and master's certificate, old Wilkius, the skipper growled when he saw me, "If ever a man was wanted it is aboard this ark, and they've sent me a Scotch herringbone," "I hope there is some beef in the lmrness-c.isk that'll soon put my weight up. sir," I replied; at which he grunted and waddled into his cabin. Sly skipper's manners were not attractive, but his appearance was even less so. He was heavy, flabby, drinksodden man, and evidently had not recovered from his drams ashore. At a glance it was easy to see the Tamar was a bad ship. The crew were a deceut-looking lot of lads, with a fair sprinkling of tough old shellbacks among them; but there was 110 go in the crowd. They slunk about with glum faces, they obeyed au order smartly, but always with a glance over their shoulders. I went furrud and found them too obsequious. The merchant seamen are always independent aud manly, and., in spite of their abject appearance, can laugh. These men had been ill-treated, certainly not by Wilkins, for a fat drunkard is rarely a bully. This was soon explained when Ranald, the first mate, came on board. Although he hailed from Halifax, N.S., he was a Yankee, and had tyrant stamped on every inch of him. He was a powerful long armed man, with a loud voice, cold grey eyes that seemed to shoot fire from his bronzed face. His was the face of a handsome redskin, hairless, straight features—expressionless, yet ever alert. Strange as it may seem, he was a gentleman of refined manners, considerable culture, and far more luxurious habits than a sea-faring man can usually indulge. Bully is hardly the term for such a man, but, so masterful was his nature, that he tyrannised over crew, captain and officers alike. He welcomed me with courtesy, and soon appreciated my seamanship; but when it came to bullying we disagreed. I believe in allowing men as much liberty as may lie consistent with discipline, and like to hear a fiddle goin aud the lads singing furrud on a quiet night. A song as they go round the capstan, a chanty as they haul on the l-ope, and a good hearty laugh as often as possible doesn't cost the owners any thing. It's better than having men loafing about, growling under their breath like mutineers, as they did on board the Tamar. The only lad with any spirit in him was an Irish apprentice named Reilly. The chief hated him, aud treated him with considerable brutality. We had words when I encouraged the men to sing; which terminated by his refusing to discuss the discipline of his crew with a Scotch sea lawyer. When I pointed out to him that he was not skipper, the look he gave me was unpleasant. As the skipper was generally getting drunk, or sleeping off his drink, I had charge of a watch, so rarely came in contact with Ranald when off duty. Now I'm fond of literature, and upon the rare occasions we met we had some very pleasant chats together, until one evening a little discussion ended hotly by his refusing to accept a quotation on the authority of an "illiterate Scotchman." Well, I told him that we Scotchmen were the best educated people in the world; while as for Yankees, I told him what I thought of them. And north of the Tweed, gentlemen. we never forget either injury or insult. At last, one evening down in the South Atlantic, our smoldering feud blazed forth. It was my watch, and Ranald was seated in his chair on the poop, smoking a cigar. He was dressed in a silk sleeping suit with a handkerchief round his throat, and as he lounged there with half-closed eyes the sound of a jolly laugh came from a group of men by the galley. "Stop skylarking!" he shouted. It was a little thing, but there was thunder in the air. "Mr Ranald," I said, very distinctly "when I am in charge of the deck ril trouble you to remember that I give orders until relieved or reduced by the captain." Then strolling to the 'poop rail I shouted: "Amuse yourselves, my lads, within reason, like' freeborn Englishmen, and remember you're sailiu under the British flag, not the Yankee gridiron, which means more stripes than stars for seamen." They say Scotsmen joke with difficulty; well, that witticism cost me dear. The men laughed uneasily, but Ranald sprang from his chair in au instant rashed into the waist and knocked the hulking lubbers about like ninepius Then with a grim smile he sauntered up on the poop. I was tingling with rage .and, as lie passed to liis chair, he hustled me. It was enough; one well directed blow sent him down ou the deck. There was a hoarse roar of approval from the men in the waist. "Silence, you cowardly blackguards! cried, when Ranald flew at me like a panther and clutched my throat, hammered at him furiously, but he shook me as a terrier does a rat. and dragged me to the side. I was like child in his iron grip, my senses were fast leaving me, as I twisted my hands convulsively in his neckcloth. The clouds seemed to be falling, the sky was red and filled with shooting stars. As in a dream I saw the horror-stricken faces of the men at the wheel and Reilly, with a hand-spike above his head, creeping up behind us. Half lifting me over the taffrail, he removed his right hand from my throat and slipped it into the breast-pocket of his shirt. I saw the knuckle-duster gleaming on his hand as he withdrew it and stepped back to get room for his blow. At that moment, through the hot, close air, an icy breath of wind struck my back aud shoulders. I shivered, but Ranald stood frozen. The savage look of uncontrolled passion on his face had given place to one of terror. Waving his hands before him with a beseeching gesture he staggered backwards, carrying me, banging helplessly on to his neckcloth. Reilly dropped the hand-spike and scrambled under the after-gratings. Staggering across the deck, I seized it and faced my enemy. He stood erect and motionless'with his arm drawn back as if to strike a blow. The terror was fading from his face. 'Stand back,' he cried, gradually raising his voice, 'stand back, Walter, or . . .' and he struck out furiously into space. Then he laughed deliriously, and turning towards me said, with a vacant look in his eyes, "Did you notice the young hoodlum? I guess he thought to scare me. Now I reckon he just crawled up the slue and stood on the taffrail pointing at mc„ Ha! ha! Iu the same rig, too, just the same. A jersey aud slacks, only they were white. He was all white, aud lie stood on the taffrail pointing at me." "His voice died away in a whisper as he turned ou his heel and sank into his chair. Then every man glanced nervously at his fellow and shuddered. Presently he struck a match, lit a cigar and glanced at us uneasily. 'Say, Frazer,' he said with a pleasant laugh, 'you'll oblige me by being more care- 1 ful. When I lose my temper I lose my head and accidents happen.' "Very possibly," I replied. "Would you mind taking charge of her for a few minutes?" "With pleasure." Hastening lie low, I took my revolver aud half-a-dozen cartridges from my locker. Standing at his side by the poop rail I loaded the chambers carefully, then, slipping it into my pocket, looked steadily at him. He returned my look with a smile. The incident was never referred to, but from that evening, like the major ity of men aboard, the first mate frequently glanced over his shoulder. ''Whenever the skipper came on deck he was half sober, and found fault with everybody and everything. It was near the end of the second dog watch one gloomy evening that be came on to the poop and commenced. Rauald was in charge, and had been shortening sail, so we drew uear to hear the fun. "Lot of lubbers!—good enough for a Yankee. Call that bundle of dirty rag a reef?—this ain't a laundry." So he grumbled on until Ranald cried furiously: "Show me what's wrong, you drunken swab, and I'll show you that an American can right it." "Drunken swab, eh'?" growled Wilkins, as he steadied himself by the rail, and cast his eye aloft. "Waal, Mr Yankee. the weather earring of the mizzen topsail is slack, and I don't call that toggling. You can bully my crew, but you can't do things yourself." "Then see if you can sail your own ship!" roared Ranald, aud in another moment he was racing up the ratlines. = I sauntered aft with young Ericson. to grumble at our drunken skipper aud maniac chief. Presently Wilkins growled, "Umpli!" he took a hand to do the work. "Aloft there, it doesn't want two to tighten a lashing," he shouted. • He was in a condition to see twenty men, instead of oue, so I glauced carelessly aloft. Ericson clutched my arm. aud we stood thrilled by the terror of the unknown. Ranald had descended to the mizzen-top and from behind the masthead the ghost was gliding. It was white from head to foot, and was dressed in a jersey and slacks. It stood perfectly motionless, pointing at him with its right arm. Startled by the skipper's voice, the unfortunate man paused. Then, seeing the spectre, staggered back with an awful cry. There was a dull thud on the deck, and the mizzen-top was empty. "The deuced fool," said the skipper with drunken imbecility. Then he added, with an insane giggle, "Anyhow, I owe him sixty pounds." I rushed to the place where the man had fallen. Ericson, a Norseman, respected the wraith. There was the buzz of eager voices furrud, and what was suspiciously like a suppressed cheer. The poor fellow groaned as I turned him over. It was indeed a terrible fate for such a splendid man. His back was broken and his lower limbs paralysed. It was five minutes before I could get any man to come near us. At last the Cook brought brandy, and a circle of unsympathetic faces gathered round. He groaned weakly and opened his eyes as I poured it down his throat. "Don't move me," he whispered. "I'll die here all alone. Send those men forward. I hustled the crowd away. " Frazer, Frazer," he cried faintly, "you stand by me. It won't be for long. He tracked me down at last. It is always so. I treated him as I was going to treat you that night, and he climbed up the side and on the taffrail pointing at me. It was years ago, and, God knows, I've paid for it. Social po- sition, country» family—I lost them all. Come nearer, man. Send all my papers to my brother—he mentioned a name too well known to be repeated—you can have my kit and cash. Make Wilkins pay that sixty. Now leave me, for I am dying. I'm not afraid of him, or any man, dead or alive; I never was." Alone on the gloomy deck, with the great vault of heaven ovei'head, where the rising wind blew the clouds across the moon, and, striking the sails, fanned him with its cold breath, the murderer died in silence and without a fear. The chief ofilcer lit a fresh cheroot, and nobody spoke until Fibler was detected glancing over his shoulder. Now, Frazer, own up. Do you, a Scotsman, who are the best educated people iu the world, believe in that ghost ? " " Implicitly, aud I'll toll you why. When he weu-t for me that night I say it was the association of ideas brought his crime suddenly back to his mind, which, being disturbed by passion. distorted his thought into a wraith." "Most lucid, but as to the second appearance ? " " Well. I had special opportunities for judging," said Frazer with a twinkle iu his eyes. " Being the first man l'urrud I saw the ghost slide down the mizen stay aud scuttle into the fo*- cstle. He also remarked ' Begorra. bhoys, it's dead he is,' which is tolerably good Irish, while Ranald's victim was au American. As a matter of fact, while I was shouting for help, they were brushing flour off young Shamus Reilly, and pouring brandy dowu the imp's throat." " And, sir, Avhat did you do to bring that lad to justice 5" demanded the Chief Justice. " Well, sir, if a man takes the law into his own hands, he can't complain if he falls by lawless means. Anyhow Ranald would not. He had treated that lad brutally, for the Board of Trade and Shipping Acts don't go very far to sea ; so as justice occasionally slumbers I shut my eyes. The only man who was much affected was Wilkius. The poor besotted creature got an idea into his head that he had caused the disaster, and he gave us an anxious three weeks before he had finished his last drinking bout. After that we were not unduly troubled either by ghosts or spirits aboard the Tamar." The weight of the smallest lock and key ever made was one grain, which was the weight of one made by a London blacksmith, Mark Scaliot, in the twentieth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth. The lock contained eleven pieces made of iron, steel and brass, and together with a pipe-key only weighed one grain. Scaliot also made a chain of gold of forty-three links, weighing half a grain. The chain, to which was fastened the lock and key, was put about the neck of a flea, and was drawn by it with ease. Mr It. J. Lewis, of Park road, Hockley, Birmingham, has made, and has in his possession, a lock and key which weigh only one grain and a half. A lock, made by Mr George Sibbald, of Roundhay road, Leeds, is in twelve pieces, and weighs under three- quarters of a grain. 