Woodville, Christmas, 1895. SAVED BY A GHOST, By WATTLE, i Halt ! this gnlly will do very well for camping; it's too hot to go any further to-day." The speaker was a young fellow somewhat above usual height, and rather superior to the class of men who are accustomed to knock about in the Australian bush. His bronzed face, betokening exposure to all weather, had not lost a certain amount of refinement, which in more civilized parts would have been sufficient introduction to good society. There was little of the " society " man about him at present, however, as he sat his mount, sleeves to the elbows, riding boots and slouch hat. There was something about him that at once commanded respect, and though some of the rougher hands used to say that Fred Lawson was a " bit pertikler," they were bound to admit there was not a better shot to be fouud for m iny nines around, and very few knew better where to look for the precious metal. He had always been considered a very good bushman, which had led to his selection as leader. We were a party of five, all told, and were returning from the gold diggings, after having had very good luck. The day had been very hot—just one of those Australian summer days, when the rays of the aun strike down relentlessly, and all Nature seems depressed. We bad been riding all day, and were not sorry when the command to halt was given. The sun was still a good way from setting, but in the gully into which we had ridden the trees Were beginning to p^st long shadows, and Nature was giving signs of waking up. " Yes. this will do very well," repeated Lawson, throwing himself from his horse. We certainly had a Bplendid spot tor camping, The gully was (tot a wide one. On either hand rose the steep sides of the hills, covered for the most part with timber and brush, excepting on the higher slopes, where only an occasional sapling threw out its wind-cwisted branches. Along the bottom of the valley a tiny stream made its way, now rippling over a bed of stones, and now almost losing itself among the reeds and strong undergrowth. Here and there along its banks flourished some of the giant eucalypti, whose branches, towering up into the sky, were now affording a most welcome shade. Already the screeching little paroquets were beginning their evening flights, while on every hand could be heard the hum of insects, the occasional laugh of a " Jack," and the responsive call of the wattle-birdt which had till now been driven into the darker shades of the glen. Xired ^fter our long ride, we were not long in getting out of the saddle, and yery soon the " billy " was singing over a roaring fire, and while one of the more deft hands was left to superintend that mysterious process known as " damper baking," the rest of us went off to see what could be bagged in the way of game. *'A good plaoe this for bushrangers, I should say," remarked Fred, as we were making our way back to camp. " Yes," replied an old hand, " and if what they says is true, there be some of them gentlemen around these parts. Some suspicious coves was seen the other evening hanging around the station we passed some miles back." " The more reason that we should keep a bright look out to-night," replied our leader, •'for this glilly would be an uncomfortahle place to be «aught in the dark." We soon reached the camp again, and all thoughts of bushrangers vanished before hot damper, wild pigeons and billy tea. Justice having been done to the good things provided, we were afterwards sitting around listening to some of those yarns from the older hands, which often have their origin more in the fertile imagination than in solid fact. " This place seems to have been a clearing once," I remarked, during a lull in the conversation. "Yes, you're right there," broke iu old Jim, who had been thrilling us with accounts of adventures and hairbreadth escapes. " L remember it well, and a prettier clearing you could not find for miles. Just about this very spot it must have been where * old Davey," as he was called, used to have his hut. Nobody knew much about him, except that he used to keep sheep. He had a pretty lonely time of it, but if anyone chanced to pass this way they could be sure of a meal and a shakedown from the old fellow. One day the hut was found in ruins—only a few burnt logs to show where it had been. The scrub was searched, but no trace of the old man could be found, and to this day his death remains a mv^tery He must have been attacked by b'acks or hushrangers, speared or shot down in the night, his hut fired, and sheep either killed or driven off. That's nigh on twen y years ago now, and the storms have swept away what remained of his hut. No one has tried to settle in the gully since, and 'fis said that every night at midnight old Davey's ghost * comes back * to look » for his * sheep * " It was late before we began to think of turning in. and we would probably have gone on for some time longer had not Lawson called out, ''Come on, lads; it's high time we turned in if we are to be on the move early. Just to guard against surprise we will keep watch during the night. Will you take the first watch, Charlie 7 You will have a couple of hours to midnight, then you can call me." "All right," I replied; "I'll call yon sharp to time, so that you can have the pleasure of meeting old Davey's ghost." There was a general laugh, in which I joined, and soon the camp was wrapped in sleep. Keeping watch is not one of the liveliest experiences that a man can meet with in the Australian bush, and so I found it. As you hear each of the party give an expiring sigh, turn over, and go to sleep, you feel a strong temptation to do likewise. Then you rouse yourself and take a turn np and down, with an occasional glance at the horses. Then perhaps you throw a few sticks on the fire to vary the monotony, and so the time passes. I had gone through all the processes over and over again, and feeling drowsy had sat down at the foot of an old tree close by. My watch must nearly have expired, but as I sat there I let my thoughts wander till I was far away. I was thinking of the journey still to be taken, and visions of home and friends rose up before me. I thought of the happy Xmas time I was to have at home. Then the events of the day came back, and as I sat looking into the flickering embers of the fire I could hear the fellows again recounting their yarns of the earlier evening. What a grim sort of a yarn that was about old Davey, to be sure, and it seemed more grim than ever now as I sat there alone with not a sound aronnd me. Of course I didn't believe in ghosts, and yet, just now, I could bear old Jim again as he finished in a low voice, " 'tis said that every night at midnight old Davey's ghost comes hack to look for his sheep." Why, I mus$ have been sitting on the very site of the clearing when I came to think of it. This very spot must have witnessed the tragedy, and those very hills in front of me Goodness 1 what was it that made me start as I lifted my eyes to where my thoughts bad gone? The gully was shrowded in darkness, and overhead only a few stars were visible. But just above the top of the hill, I could see through the branches of a young tree a strange white light, which seemed to be increasing. I could not take my eyes off, though account for the light I could not. Suddenly I lost sight of it, and then I could feel, rather than sep, something stealthily rising np from the other side of the hill. I was still wondering what it could be when through an opening in the trees the bright edge of the full mood burst into view. Nothing but the moon rising 1 I gave a quiet laugh, and was about to call Fred, when I took a last look down the gui ly. What was it this time that made me stan and fixed me to the spot ? " Bother old Jim," I thought ; " I wish he had never told bis yarn, and yet what could that be a little up the side of the hill ? No moon this time it was certain, and I turned to assure myself on that point. No, it wasn't the moon, and yet the object, whatever it could be, was partly white. I rubbed my eyes to make sure I was not asleep; but no, there was that white object still in front oi me, and as I gazed at it, it seemed to take shape. There was the old shepherd's coat and stick, and,' yes, it made an unsteady movement down the hill in my direction. That was enough for me. I am no coward, but instinctively there ran through my mind, " Old Davey's ghost," Why I should have felt buqh a strong tremor I could not say, and yet at that still hour of the night the fancy is apt to take flight. However, I determined this time to make a close inspection, and slipping away quietly from the camp I crept noiselessly down the gully. There was that white figure still, and the nearer I got the more weird it appeared. I had reached a part of the hill when some rocks rose abruptly between me and a slight chasm. J was pausing, just before clambering over, when I was rooted to the spot. \Yhat had startled me this time was the sound of muffled voices, and in a moment I was wide awake, and all thoughts of ghosts had vanished. By cautiously crawling a little way around the rock, and listening closely I found I could hear what was going on. There were evidently several men on the other side of the chasm, and I heard one say, " Well, Bill, do yer think we can manage it to night 1" Yes," I heard the person thus addressed reply, " there's only one on watch, and he's half asleep. The others are lyin'close together, and I suppose the stuff is under their saddles." "Very well," replied the first speaker, " we'll wait till the moon goes down a bit. You fix the man on watch, Bill, we'll look after the other fellows. Remember, quick and quiet's the vrord." Curious to get a glance at our would-be assailants, I crept softly to the top of the ridge, and by slightly raising myself from a recumbent position I found I could see what was going on below. Four burly ruffians, well armed, were seated round the remains of a fire, while near by a fierce- looking mastiff lay asleep. Had the dog roused at that moment I must have been discovered ; but fortunately it did not, and leaving the bushrangers to complete their plans, I more cautiously than ever made my way back to the camp. I reached there in safety, and found the fellows still asleep. Bushmen are not di£« cult persons to rouse, if you go the right way about it; and so before very long T had succeeded quietly in acquainting the oamp of the situation. * * » » * There remains very little c-lse to tell. We were not long in making our plans and Ivhen some time la'er we heard certain movements in the scrub, the tables had been completely turned. Instead of surprising a sleeping camp, the bushrangers were in turn surprised. Knowing the form of attack, we were able to wait till they were within short distance, and then gave thein such a warm reception, that after firing a few shots completely nonplussed, they turned and Sew. And the ghost? 1 found next morning that what had startled me were some huge weird pieces of bark, that hung suspended from one of the eucalypti trees, aud which against the white, smooth surface of the boughs had in the pale light of the moon worked themselves, in my imagination, into fantastic shapes. A simple enough explan aiiou iu the daylight, but a sufficient illusion at nigiit to set me out investigating, and I have always believed that that uight at least we were Saved by a Ghost." 