REUNION OF CHRISTENDOM. \------ THE ROMAN CATHOLIC VIEW OF THE MATTER. EX CATHEDRA DELIVERANCE BY CARDINAL MORAN. With the star of the Order of St. Patrick ablazein front and the interior of the building occupied by a crowded audience, consisting mainly of adherents of the Roman Catholic Church, Cardinal Moran last night delivered in the Guild Hall (known for many years as the Gaiety Theatre), Castlereagh-street, a lec- ture bearing upon the reunion of Christendom. The lecture was received with enthusiasm by the large audience, which was especially demonstrative in regard to those passages that eulogised the Roman Catholic Church or brought into prominence the distinct leanings towards the Roman Catholic Church of certain represeutative Protestants. The chair was occupied by Mr. Edmund Barton, Q C. There were also on the platform the Hons. Sir Julian Salomons, Q C , M.L C , R E O'Connor, M L.C., Toohey, M.L C , Dalton, M L C, Mr. Henry Copeland, ML A, Mr. Critchett Walker, C.M.G. (Principal Under-Secretary), Mr. T. M. Slattery, K C S G , Bishop Higgins, Prior Vaughan, Monisignor O'Brien, the Very Rev. Dr Carroll, V G , the Very Rev Dr O'Haran, Very Rev. Father Boyle, C M , Very Rev Father Slattery, OST, Very Rev. Father Vincent Grogan, C P , Very Rev. Father Bontemps, M S H (Superior of Gilbert Islands), Verv Rev. Father Freand, M S H, Rev Professors M'Dermott, Haydon, Bros- nan, Dr. Burke, Rev Deans O'Brien, S J., Kennedy, O S F., Coonan, Rev. Fathers Ryan, S J, Nulty, S J., O'connell, S J , Reginald, C.P'., M'Encroe, S J, John Carroll, M'Carthy, T. Phelan, YV. J. Walsh, W. Haydon, Carey, Conway, Salvado, Joseph, Kasbek, Mullan, ObF, Birch, O S.F., Piquet, S M , Battle, M Grath, Hogan, John Dunne, Kirby, Monogh, P P , 1*. Corcoran, Malone, O'Regau, Bunbery, Colhnder, O'Driscoll, O'Brien, White» Dr. Kelly, Mr Laidley Mort, Mr. Arthur Galton, Mr. Plunkett, Mr. YV J. Hickey, Mr. John Hughes, S G, Inspector Dwyer, Mr. P. T. Riley, Mr. Frank Punch, Mr Quong Tart, Mr Vf. Hughes, Mr R Shendan, Mr F. B Treehill, Mr. O'Farrell, Mr. Blakeuoy, Mr John Ï lghe, Mr. YV. E Moore, Mr Thomas Hughes, Dr Sheldon, Mr M'Cabe, and Mr Prendergast THE CHAIRMAN'S SPEECH. Mr. BARTON (who was received with applause) said -Ladies and gentlemen,-My task to-night may be summed up in a very few words. It is not for me to take up your time, and by so doing keep you back from the enjoyment of the treat which, there can be no doubt awaits you in the lecture his Eminence is to deliver. Speaking for myself as a Protestant, I can say I feel myself much compli- mented by the houoùr which the Cardinal has be- stowed upon me in asking me to take the chair to- night. (Applause ) The subject of his address is one of which, of course, it is impossible to overesti- mate the importance It is the " Reunion of Chris- tendom "-the bringing together under one com- mon organisation of all the Christian sects and creeds and communities, 'This is an object which is, of course, so great, so vast, so far-reaching in all its possible consequences that no movement which has ever agitated the Christian world can be said for a moment to compare with it (Loud applause ) Of course, there are many-and it is reasonable that there should be many-who express doubts as to the possibility of this great consummation And one must recollect that before any such union or reunion as is now mooted could be possibly achieved there would have to be a great deal of compromise and a very great deal of mutual concession (Applause.) Now there are a great many who doubt on that ground the possibility of this consummation. What we have met here for to-night, I take it, is to have not only the reasons but the possibilities of this movement explained. And no doubt there is no one preseut who can for an instant doubt that the address which we shall hear will be full of that learning and scholarship which his Eiminence has brought to the adornment, not only of the religious affairs, but of the general affairs of this country. (Cheers.) For myself, I suppose that I occupy the best position that a chairman can occupy -one of absolute impartiality. Because, although I have read something relative to this movement, still I cannot say my mind in relation thereto is in a condition which enables me to give either privately or publicly a strong opinion as to the pro- bable result of it. That, if it can be shown that it can bo brought about, it will have some of the noblest results that could possibly be achieved, and be in its effects the greatest boon ever conferred upon the Christian world, there can be no doubt whatever. (Applause ) As to tne possibility of it, and the reasons actuating those who lead the movement, and believe it capable ot acomphshment, you will be well informed in the address his Eminence is about to deliver, and for the purpose of delivering which I have humbly the honour of introducing him to you. (Applause ) THE CARDINAL'S LECTURE The CARDINAL (who was received with loud cheer- ing then delivered his lecture, of which the following is an abridgement. He said:--I have been asked to address you this evening on the " Reunion of Christendom." I do not know that any other religious subject so engages public attention at the present day throughout the English-speaking world. It has been a matter of debate at synods and confer- ences and congresses. It is every day discussed in the pulpit and the press. In Catholic circles atten- tion to it has been awakened in a special manner since the present illustrious occupant of St Peter's Sbee, Pope Leo XIII, in his "Letters to Princes and Peoples," and in his latest beautiful Encyclical to the ELnglish nation, invited all the faithful to engage in a spiritual crusade to attain that glorious result. This invitation has already found a filial response throughout Christian nations. However, it must not be supposed that the summons to prayer addressed by the Pope to the Christian world regards England alone. Chief watchman upon the toners of Israel, he looks out on all the scattered peoples that bear the Christian name. THE ADVANTAGES OP REUNION But some one, perhaps, will ask what advantages can accrue from this reunion of Christendom. I reply that manitfestly the happiest results should ensue and the grandest purposes be achieved if the scattered and conflicting forces that now unfurl the; Christian standard were gathered into one serried army under the guidance of Holy Church. Humanly speaking, by the reunion of Christendom a glorious impulse would be given to every good cause, and a vast accession of strength would be added to attain countless beneficent measures that are dear to the reli- gious heart. Take, for instance, the defence of the sacred scriptures. How vastly would the hands of the champions of revelation be strengthened if all Christendom with a united voice were to proclaim its reverence lor the inspired text, and, setting its seal upou the authentic scriptures and their genuine interpretation, were to invite the faithful to satiate their spiritual thirst at these fountains of divine truth. Then, again, what a resistless impulse would be given to the christian observance of the Lord's Day, In many countries, alas ! nowadays the Sun- day is devoted to dissipation and distracting secular pursuits. Its sacred character is set aside, religious duties are forgotten, and men appear to have become heedless of that calm and enjoyment and religious rest for which the Sunday was intended and which may be regarded as a preparation for heaven. So, too, it is with the promotion of tem- perance. No doubt in the home countries, as among ourselves, the greatest evils follow in tho train of intemperance It is re- ligious influence alone that can heal the wounds caused by this terrible disease, and how momentous would be the result it all Christian peoples with a united voice were to inculcate the duty and to proclaim the blessings of holy tempe- rance!' The same holds good of religious education, persistently assailed in so many lands of the main- tenance ot the marriage bond, on which the well being of society and family happiness depend, but which at the present day is very generally threatened by the legalised facilities of divorce and so also of mauy other social blessings, the inheritance of Christian civilisation, which are now imperilled by the ignorance or distracted thoughts or indifference of men. What shall I say of the results, surpassingly grand, which might be achieved in the missionary field? At no time have the remotest lands been so successfully explored by geographical research or commercial enterprise as in this nineteenth century of ours. Countless tribes and races have been brought within the reach of Gospel truth. The blessing of Heaven, indeed, has been with our Catholic missionaries. Despite their humble resources, their numbers have been multiplied, their labours have been crowned with abundant fruit, and their heroism and devotedness in the cause of the« faith have never been surpassed. With the prestige and abundant aid of a united Christendom, how grand would be the results achieved. If we look to Protestant missions throughout the pagan world, we see them equipped with every material resource that unbounded wealth and human energy can supply. Yet from every land the cry is heard that those missions are fruitless, and their best friends and champions are the very first to declare that, humanly speaking, to the divisions and conflicting creeds of rival missionaries this lack of results is due. Surely in this missionary field the grandest and most consoling results may be hoped for from the reunion of Christendom. But we may take even a wider range, and look to the results to be achieved in the defence of social order and promoting the wellbeing and the vital interests of Christian civilisation. The present age in its war against the city of God is an age of disintegration. It revels in dissensions and discord, and exults in triumph amid the ruins that follow in their train. It marshals its forces under the banners of rationalism, and socialism, and secularism, and indifferentism of every hue. The rationalists set up reason against revelation, and endeavour to sow discord between the teachings of human wisdom and those of divine truth. Socialists would set class against class, and recklessly stir up the ranks of labour to pull down the capitalists, and of capital to oppress and enslave the labourer. They would spread wreck and ruin on every side, and overthrow every institution that lifts us up above the dead level of ignorance and barbarism. The secularists would seek to sow discord between the Church and State. Indifferentism would tell us that one religion is as good as another, that we should treat all claims of religion alike, that is to say, we should pay no attention to the teachings of divine faith, and be content with the shadow and empty name of religion or no religion as fancy may suggest. IMMEASURABLE AND INVINCIBLE STRENGTH. Now, it goes without saying that an immeasur- able and invincible strength would be added to the champions of divine truth were all who hold the Christian creed to combine their forces and present an unbroken front to repel the assaults of all those enemies of truth. And it is to be borne in mind that from the sad period of the Reformation to the present day many leaders of religious thought in England have prayed and toiled that the blessings of religious unity would be restored to their distracted country ; and many, too, of her most gifted sons have from time to time found joy and peace in the bosom of that Church which heretofore, like Saul of old, they had combatted and persecuted. In the first quarter of the present century not a few of the Anglican clergy entertained the hopes that a general reunion with Rome might be accom- plished. I need not refer to tho religious revival which is known as tho Oxford movement, which commenced in 1833 and which continuing to the present day, may justly be said to have more or less leavened the whole Church of England. From time to time, as a result of this awakening of piety, several of the most learned and enlightened mem- bers of the English Church have manifested the desire to be reconciled to Rome, and a vast num- ber, too, both of clergy and laity, despite the momentous temporal sacrifices which were involved, took tho final step of being received into the Catholic Church It is only a few months since Lord Hali- fax, in his Bristol address, speaking in the name of the Church Union, of which he is the president and which numbers on its roll more than 3000 of the Anglican clergv, thus dwelt on the advantages of being reconciled to Rome : "Surely there is no one," he says, " if he thinks what it would be to see the Western Church once more reunited, her schisms healed, and peace once more existing amongst her members, but must long for the day when the Church of England should again be united in bonds of visible communion with the Apostolic See and all the Churches of the West. Who can endure the sense of being separated from those with whom in all essentials of belief and sentiment we are one ? And why should we not see tho day of such a happy reconciliation ?" A STRONG CURRENT OF PROTESTANT FEELING We must not, however, conceal from ourselves the fact that side by side with this tendency to Rome there has been from the very outset of the Reforma- tion a strong current of Protestant feeling that has little sympathy with the Catholic Church, a current so strong and so widespread that it would appear to have carried away with it the vast majority of the Anglican clergy and almost all the Anglican prelates of Australia. This anti-Catholic current would unite all Protestant sects, but in hostility to Rome. In England during the Cromwellian period, it was a favourite scheme of the triumphant Puritans to blend into one all the conflicting Protestant sects that thus they might form a common propaganda, as they called it, in opposition to the Propaganda of Rome. The Pan-Anglican Synodod held at Lambeth in 1888, whilst repudiating all idea of communion with the Catholic Church, with great solemnity invited all the various dissenters and non-conformists and other non-Catholic bodies to unite with the Anglican Church, and to rally around the standard of their common Protestantism the better to withstand the advance of Rome. The same efforts have repeatedly been made at other meetings and congresses and conferences held during the post few years. I do not know, however, that we can congratulate them on having attained very great success. It is the watchword of this ultra-Protestant party that what- ever their fate may be they " will not journey Rome- wards. " This has been their war-cry in Germany ; it has been repeated in the United States ; it has become their standard maxim in England ; it has found an echo even in distant Australia, here among ourselves. There is an old saying which many an Irishman will, in spirit at least, have addressed to those who, taking that boasted watchword for their guide, would refuse to bend their footsteps towards Rome : Beware lest you go farther and fare worse. There can be no question that hitherto they have fared worse indeed, and that the result of such ultra- Protestantism has been to multi- ply religious sects, to sow the bitterest discord broadcast, and to lead its votaries to the abyss of irreligion and scepticism. More than once attempts were made by the civil government in the various principalities of Germany to stem tho pro- cess of decay and to unite together the scattered sects of German Protestantism. It was found indeed that these sects were ever ready to combine together when Rome was to be assailed, but when they had done this they renewed their combats among them selves At length the King of Prussia by a strin- gent law which was enacted in 1839, endeavoured to blend them all into what he was pleased to call "The Evangelical Church." But whatever out- ward compactness may have been thus given to the Protestant name, the dissensions as regard to the doctrines of faith and indifference to all religion oniy became the more intense. A MULTIPLICITY OF CONFLICTING SECTS. How has it fared with Protestantism in the United States? Dr Schmidt Professor of Evangelical Theology at Breslau, in a special treatise on the Protestant tenets, declares that "The New World (in the United States) has indeed become the fruitful mother of sects." But what shall I say of Eng- gland? Fifty years ago an illustrious Anglican archdeacon, preaching before the University of Oxford, set forth the state of the Church of England in the remarkable words : - " The" land seems full of of offences ; they lie within the precinct of the Church ; offences seem to multiply day by day ; old stumbling-blocks are not taken out of the way, new ones aro cast down ; there must needs be heresies among us, and heresies there are ; throughout the land there is the voice as of a great multitude, but speaking diverse things ; discipline is relaxed, the Church year by year deplores it ; her national character seems fading away. Of her own, some forsake her ; the habit of faith in realities external to the mind is weak and languid ; the moral character of division is fully out upon our people ; it is sustained in its intensity among the sects which beset the Church ; it finds too ready a sympathy even within its pale." About the time that those words were written Lord Macaulay described the Church of England as " a hundred sects battling within one Church. " From year to year those conflicting sects have gone on multiplying. The number of formally recognised Protestant sects in England in 1873, as set forth in Whitaker's Almanac, was 125 : in 1883 it amounted to 186, but in 1893 it had further increased to 270. But the sects thus formally recognised are a mere fraction of the multitudinous forms of varying creeds that swarm throughout Great Britain. The Times in 1884 (13th May) avowed that " Englans alone is reputed to contain some 700 sects, each of them proving a whole system of theology and morals from the Bible." Nor is it to be supposed that the differences between those sects and the Church of England are more imaginary than real. The various sects and their mother Church of England are indeed found to be at one when there is question of hostility to Rome, but they otherwise pursue each other with the most intense hatred. But is the Church of England at least in the enjoy- ment of the blessings of harmony and peace and unity within its own communion ? Let its own prelates and patrons be here our witnesses. The Protestant Archbishop of Dublin only last year, at the Birmingham Conference declared that the doctrinal differences amongst themselves were greater than those that separated them from the Noncon- formists. The Protestant Bishop of Liverpool describes the Anglican Church as " in a state of chaotic anarchy and lawlessness, " and he adds that " things have come to such a pass that it did not appear to matter a jot what a clergyman held and belived. " Canon Laddon in his preface to the report of the Bonn Conference, felt constrained to avow that " we of the English Church are already unable to assert before Christendom that we prac- tically hold even serious doctrinal differences to be a bar to religious communion. We co-operate with those who deny that which we hold true, or assert that which we deem false. " Dr Pusey, writing in December, 1880, a short time before his death, is not loss explicit : " Every matter of faith," he says, "is openly denied. Doctrines which are the centre of Christian faith , such as the incarnation of our blessed Lord, are claimed to be open questions. It is said to be an anachronism that clergymen should think themselves bound to cease to minister in the Church of Engand because they no longer hold these blessed truths. A clergymen may preach to his people that there is no hell, and so encourage them in the vices which God condemns. " May at least those who are known as the high Church party be considered as of one mind in matters of religion? Alas oven here we seek in vain for unity. Mr Mallock, the writer of the brilliant essay, " Is Life Worth Living ? " thus puts the whole matter in a nutshell " We are at last beginning to see in Protestantism neither the purifier of a corrupted revelation, nor the corrupter of a pure revelation, but the practical denier of all revela- tion whatsoever. Let us look at England, Europe, and America, and consider the condition of the Protestant world. Religion, it is true, we shall still find in it ; but it is religion from which not only the supernatural element is disappearing, but in which the natural element is fast becoming nebulous. It is, indeed growing as Mr. Leslie Stephen says it is, into a religion of dreams. All its doctrines are growing vague as dreams, and, like dreams, their outlines are for ever changing. " DIFFICULTIES IN THE WAY OF REUNION It now only remains that I refer to the difficulties that at times deter the religious pilgrim and seem to obstruct the path which would lead to the whished- for goal of the reunion of Christendom. The main difficulty, indeed, which sometimes becomes an insuperable barrier in the way, is the prejudice arising from absurd doctrines which those who assail the Catholic Church impute to us. No words can be found too coarse or too violent for some Protestant divines when combating the Church's teaching. They build up a phantom of their own imagination, they call it the Catholic Church, they hurl against it the thunders of their fiercest denunciations and when that vain phantom is smitten they would fain persuade their deluded dupes that the Catholic Church is overcome. I will take only two instances—the Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin and the infallibility of the Pope. What shall I say of the bitter hatred which in every day stirred up against devotion to the Blessed Virgin ? We are denounced as idolaters. Mariolatry, some- what like Mesopotamia of old, is a word to conjure by. Indeed it may be said that Catholic piety to- wards the Blessed Virgin is a sort of bugbear to which no reasoning can reconcile our Anglican friends, and particularly so since the Church has set her authoritative seal on the doctrine of the Im- maculate Conception, so dear to every genuine religious Catholic heart. Protestant preachers and writers gravely tell their hearers and readers that Catholics adore the Blessed Virgin, and pay divine honours to her ; that we rob God of His supreme dignity, and offer to a creature the supreme homage that belongs to the Creator alone, and thus as a matter of course we are said to corrupt the deposit of divine truth and to undermine the great and fundamental mystery of the Incarnation of our Blessed Lord. Now, all this denunciation, so far as the Catholic teaching is concerned, is nothing more than thea- trical thunder and mere moonshine, for the Catholic Church holds no such doctrine as that thus imputed to her. We do not pay divine honours to the Blessed Virgin, or to any mere creature. To God alone supreme worship and adoration are due. But we honour the Blessed Virgin as the most highly privileged and exalted of all pure creatures. The whole pith and substance of the Catholic doctrine regarding the Mother of God is contained in the inspired words, " Hail, full of grace, the Lord is with thee, blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. " From the first dawn of Christian faith to the present hour those sacred words have inspired the Catholic heart with filial veneration and love towards her whom it has pleased the Most High to clothe with such exalted privileges and dignity. And if the children of the Church lavishly bestow on her the tributes of their praise and fondest affection, who can fail to recog- nise in such manifestations of religious devotion the fulfilment of the words of prophecy, which, inspired by the Holy Ghost, she herself pronounced. " Be- hold from henceforth all generations shall call me Blessed. " Many of those who assail the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception as inconsistent with divine truth have themselves flung aside all belief in original sin. Now the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception implies only this that by the special grace and through the anticipated merits of her Divine Son, she was exempted from every stain and conta- gion of original sin. Thus it is that those assailants of Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin become themselves without kuowing it the champions of the sacred truth, for if no such thing as original sin is to be admitted, it assuredly cannot be found in the purest and most privileged of God's creatures. Even Protestants are beginning to recognise that thore is no better safeguard for the doctrine of the Incarnation than devotion to the Blessed Virgin. As a matter of fact, which every day's experience con- firms, those who rejected Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin soon found themselves on the high road to the denial of the great doctrine of the Incar- nation. On the other hand, those who have cherished such true piety towards the Mother have ever been foremost amongst the champions of the Divinitv of her Son. But what shall we say of the Pope's infallibility? Here, indeed, anti-Catholic lecturers can scarcely find words of invective sufficient to give vent to their indignation and rage against this tenet of the Catholic Church. I am not here to enter on any discussion as to the doctrine itself. But I would ask you to consider what is the doctrine that those assailants and hostile critics impute to us, and to compare with it the genuine and authentic teaching of the Catholic faith. Astute opponents of the Catholic Church draw upon their imagination to devise tenets the most propostorous and absurd, and those they impute to us. By the infallibility of the Pope we mean that in defining the truths of Revelation he is preserved from error, that is as head of tho Church and successor of the Prince of the Apostles it is his mission to guard the deposit of religious truth re- ceived from Christ, and to faithfully hand it on incorrupt to all ages and hence when he solemnly proclaims to the whole Church a doctrine to be believed as the teaching of our Blessed Lord regard- ing faith or morals, he receives that assistance which our Saviour promised by the divine words, " I am with you all days," "the gates of hell shall not prevail. " Thus it is that infallibility relates only to the teachings of divine faith and the moral precepts, which as general principles form the rule of conduct of all the faithful. It does not affect the application of such principles or precepts to individual cases, in which conscience must be our guide. Infallibility does not mean that the Pope is impeccable. He is preserved indeed from falsifying the doctrines of the Church as to faith and morals, but this gives him no security that he will always rightly apply these doctrines or never personally commit an offence against them. INFALLIBILITY AND CONSCIENCE Nor need we fear that this infallibility and con- science may come into conflict. Infallibilitv presides over the domain of thought ; it defines the doctrine, and lays down the general principle and the abstract truth. It is the province of conscience to apply that doctrine, principle, or truth to each particular action and to consider what course of conduct may be right or wrong, justifiable or otherwise, in the particular case and in the peculiar circumstances that may arise. Need I remind you of the words of one who for the past half-century spoke with marvellous effect to the mind and to the heart of the religious public in England : " Conscience is not a long- sighted selfishnesss, nor a desire to be consistent with oneself ; but it is a messonger from Him who, both in nature and in grace speaks to us behind a veil, and teaches and rules us by His representatives. Conscience is the aboriginal vicar of Christ, a prophet in its informations, a monarch in its peremptoriness, a priest in its blessings and anathemas, and, even though the eternal priesthood throughout the Church should cease to be, in it the sacerdotal principle would remain and would have a sway." And here I may be permitted to refer to the statement of Catholic doctrine which, as reported in the public press, an Anglican dignitary a few weeks ago came all the way from Ballarat to present to our Sydney citizens. The meaning of the Papal authority and infallibility, the Dean of Ballarat gravely tells us is that the episcopate of the Catholic Church is set aside, so that now the Pope becomes the one and only Bishop. Well, some people have eves and see not, and it is only on some such a supposition I can understand how a man of ability and learning can breach sutch an opinion, even in Australia, 25 years after the Vatican Council. I need not say to you that such is not the Catholic teaching. Indeed, it would not bo easy to devise a theory more ropugnant to the whole tenor of Catholic doctrine. There were 12 chosen Apostles, and when St. Peter was invested with special power and perogative as a centre and bond of unity, the rest did not cease to exercise their apostolate. Even so the Sovereign Pontiff is heir of St.Peter's prerogatives and dignity, but this does not lessen in any way the authority and privi- leges which the Catholic bishops inherit from the Apostolic body. On the contrary, the successor of St. Peter, faithful to his mission to " confirm his brethren," has at all times been the mainstay and the pillar of strength of the Catholic Episcopate. The worthy Dean of Ballarat cites the words of St. Gregory the Great, in which that Pontiff repudiates the title of Universal Bishop. But Pope Leo XIII would be the first to emphatically repudiate the same title in the manner and sense in which it was under- stood in those days. And why does the Dean forget to remind his enlightened audience that in the long line of Pontiffs it would be difficult to find one who set forth with greater precision or more unflinch- ingly assert the exalted prerogatives of St. Peter's See than the great Pope St. Gregory. THE CARDINAL'S APPEAL It now onlv remains that as a conclusion from the remarks which I have made, I would ask you to extend your most cordial sympathy to those who are yearning for the reunion of Christendom. The scattered nations that enjoy the blessings of Christian civilisation justly acclaim tho wisdom and enlighten- ment of the illustrious Pontiff Leo XIII, who with true paternal affection has invited all wanderers to be gathered into the one spiritual fold. He has summoned the faithful to unite in prayer to the Most High that in the ways of divine mercy this grand and glorious result may be accomplished, and I trust that all our earnest and energetic Australians may fervently correspond to the wishes of his Holiness. The Church of Christ, founded upon the divinely strengthened rock, stands unmoved amid the storms and tempests with which a hostile world assails it. She is as radiant to-day with the light of truth, as unweried in preserving to man the treasures of redemption, as beneficent in imparting the blessings of heaven, as when all fair and comely she first came from the Redeemer's hands. She never ceases to invite thoso who are in darkness to hasten to enjoy the divine radiance of heavenly truth, and she summons to the calm and peace and religious joy of the saving fold those who are weary of the burden of their miseries, or tossed about by the whirlwinds of varying doctrines and human deceits. Who can describe the consolation of soul, the joy, the gladness that becomes the happy lot of those who harken to her summons, and following the dictates of conscience and guided by the gentle light of divine mercy, are privileged to find a refuge and a home in the bosom of Holy Church? I may be per- mitted to conclude with the exquisitely beautiful words with which the illustrious Newman invited all who are outside the saving fold to become partakers of the blessings which it was his own happy pri- vilege to enjoy : - Oh, long sought after, tardily found, desire of the eyes, joy of the heart the truth after many shadows, the fullness alter many fore- tastes the home after many storms, come to her, poor wanderers, for she it is, and she alone, who can unfold the meaning of your being and the secret of your destiny."' (Prolonged cheering.) SPEECH BY SIR JULIAN SALOMONS. Sir JULIAN SALOMONS, who was received with applause, said : Might he, as one of the friendly survivors of an ancient race-(cheers)-who had long forgotten and altogether forgiven any injustice in the past, presume to take upon himself the pleasur- able duty that he was honoured by being asked to per- form? (Applause.) He would not presume to express any opinion upon the subject which was the kernel of the address that the Cardinal had spoken. And as far as he could judge at this moment, and speaking candidly, perhaps some things in that address would not have his (Sir Juhan's) unqualified assent. But that could not prevent him from joining with them in deploring the dissentions which split up tho great Christian Church into two distinct factions. (Applause.) Ages had now been occupied in discussing questions which the human reason was not competent to solve. In the day in which they were now living thoy were menaced by a most dangerous enemy. (Applause. ) They were living in a time when all that raised life above the level of the brute was being assailed by those to whom nothing was sacred. (Applause.) It was not a question of varying forms of worship of a Divine Being. It was a question of stemming the tide of infidelity, which was caused to flow by those hostile to all belief. And, surrounded as he was by distinguished clergymen-probably of vary- ing faiths-he would presume perhaps to think it possible to do them a little kindness. That was to say, they lacked, unfortunately, the advice which they were so used to give to those who listened to them. (Laughter.) The doctrines upon which the greatest and the best had contended might well be allowed to sleep for a time. It was no use in our day puzzling men with learned or simple problems of how they could reconcile the foreknowledge of God with the freewill of man, nor even with those doctrines which were the most sacred to the various followers of different religions. Had not the two branches of the Christian Church better unite to illustrate real religion by action-to forget for a moment their differences, however deep-to let lie, as it were, for a time in oblivion the positions on which they could never agree, and hand-in-hand, look after the sick, the poor, the igno- rant, the lowly, and prove to those who believed no- thing by their lives that there was a charm in religion that no worldly grandeur, could meet ? (Cheers.) They should all seek out those things upon which they agreed, and leave in silience those on which they did not. When they saw around them, as they saw now, masses of festering corruption, a general low level of conduct, and an almost impossibility of getting truth in the courts of justice, he said they were bound to find out what was in common botween them and other religionists, and their aim should be first to make men's minds honest, and then to find out what they thought. (Applause. ) It was necessary for all those who thought they had true religion in their hearts to join togother to save the people of this country from further degradation. (Cheers.) He concluded by moving a vote of thanks to the Cardinal for his address. The resolution was seconded by the Hon. R. E. O'Connor, and. carried with acclamation On the motion of the Cardinal, seconded by Mr Copeland, a vote of thanks was also passed to the chairman. 