WAY OF THE WORLD. Political Pepper and Social Salt. (By the Hen Editob.) . When Mr. -In-Clement Wragge pre- , dieted floods in tho northern rivers a week J or so back tho peoplo of thoso uncertain and wat-drv regions rang all tho church j bells ' and rounded up the Btrngglers to j prayers. With a whole- souled earnest- ! ness that did them credit, and had | somo solid foundation in fact, the river- ineu bescecliod Providence to turn \- tho nozzle of tho predicted cyclones and things the other way. It was a high j compliment to Wraggo, tlio latost of i : prophets, but it did not prevent the Rich- j mond and Clarence, and other unbridled and perverso watercourses, going over the bank. Tho wicked sceptic, who is always oh the prowl, will no doubt draw a moral from theso sorrowful fncts. « » Tho Royal Commission nuisance goes on. Tho whole of one Royal Com. has packed up its socks in its Saratoga trunk, and is now touring Tasmania at tlio ex- ponse of tho taxpayers of Now South Wales. Tho Fisheries Commissioners, "" hearing that thero was good sport to bo obtained in tho southorn island, suddenly found it urgently necessary to romovo tho enquiry holus-bolus thereunto. I road with much joy that on tho 22nd inst. " the Commissioners had an interview with the Chief Secretary of Tasmania (Mr. Moore), by whom they wero introduced to the Attorney-General (Mr. Clark) nnd tho Treasurer (Mr. FyBh)." It wns singularly appropriate that tho Treasurer of Tas mania should bo a fish. There aro somo fine acclimatised salmon in Tasmania, and tho right kinds of drinks aro supplied gratis to distinguished visitors, together with free passes ou tho railways and other privilogos. The New South Wales Fisheries Commission may bo expocte'd back before Christmas. Reid is also doing well in tho way of public economy. V About tho most consistent class of idiots on the face of the earth is that composed of persons who pick up unoxploded cartridges in tho street and immediately hunt round for a stone or a brick, or something hard, to try thorn on. Evory day ono or two of theso inspired imbeciles is being taken to the hospital or the morguo with a bullet in \- some, part of his or her anatomy. For tho ' ; benefit of thoso lunatics who do not know' \- what to do in case of ' finding an unused ' .. cartridge'of any description, we publish the i following general- riilo " Tak'o 1 cartridgo '. gently, but firmly, by tho bullet end, and' \- drop same down the first convenient sewer and run." Tho gay and festive burglar is a-hurgling ' merrily all over Sydney and . its suburbs ' The midnight intruders are confidently'.' announced by - tho polico to be ft gang of clever Melbourne jemuiy-wielders. It is exceedingly clever of the police to have found this'out, and, next door to the actual capture of ouo or two of tho gaug, nothing could reflect greater credit ou the local " fooreo." The business peoplo whose premises have been onted and ransacked . ought to get up a general testimonial to the Sydney bobby, and present him with u gold watch and an illuminated address in recognition of having so strenuously exerted himself to find out who their after- hours visitors aro and where they come from. » # # An odd suicide iu our Govornmunb in stitutions helps to make the exception that 'proves tho rule. The rule in this instance 13 that the working of the official machine can never be made absolutely perfect. Every now and tlion something goes wrong. An iumato of an asylum hangs himself, or a gaol prisoner kills another, or a member of Parliament goes to quod. People who make a fuss over these things . are real hard to satisfy; thuy want a' shovel- full of whales for sixpenny-worth of small fish. » On the' thirty-first of tlio prcseut month ' all the Government nnd public clocks of Now South Wales, Victoria, and Queens land will strike 12 together. This is in ,- accordance with, tlio Standard Time Act recently passed by Parliament, and will . nocessitato tho putting' back of all our ' public clocks five minutes. Any irre- ' vorent clock that dares to kick against this ' innovation will bo hauled up before a magistrate and charged with having no' visiblo means of support, or bo suspended from duty' pending inquiry into its niental stato. Every timopioco with a sonso of ' honor aud duo respect for our lawmakers will doubtless put itself back five minutes. v « > A young man named Charles Dalrymplo ' has beon sentenced to six months' im- prisonmont in Melbourne for imposing on a barmaid 'by means of a valuoless £5 noto on a'dofnnct bank in New South Walos. Now, this opens up a question in finauce and values. The £5 rioto at one tiuio was', current coin of the realm. Anyone re-' fusing to accept it might be prosecuted for \- sedition or treason or contempt of Her MostGracious. Majesty's mo notary institu tions. Perhaps poor Chn'rjes had been', away moulting in tho central deserts and . -. never heard about the bank being bung, . Perhaps. . lio thought ,tho . bit of . paper,- WAY OF THE WORLD. (CONTINUED I'BOM PAGE 5.) was as good as over it had been, who knows? They may have gono and jugged an innocent man. Anyhow, what has become of the "accumulated human energy" (Socialistic definition of capital) which the flimsy represented ? Has it been wiped off the combined assets ot the country ? If Mr. Hoi man is not too busy in Ilia present rote of nominal defendant ho might bo nble to explain this problem, or perhaps Mr. Rosa, or Mr. Bruce Smith, or Messrs. Coghlan or Playfair could. s a J?' On Saturday last (says a Bathurst news paper) the employes of Mr. P. Crago, of the Hational Flourmills, presented him with a silvor dinner-gong as a mark of estoem. I don't know that a man ought to feol entirely flattered at receiving a dinner- gong. It infors in a sort of way that tho recipient can. bo reached mainly through hiB digestive organs. Unless, indeed, it wore a particularly novel kind of dinner- gong, that would play lovely tunes nnd classical selections, and with which a person could ainuso himself whilst waiting for the soup. Such a machino would bo a valuable acquisition to some Sydnoy res taurants. That clover, cocksury customer " Outis," who writes the Daily Telegraph "Notes of tho Day," considers that he understands Ibsen. As tho " Outis " young man considers that ho knows everything that is to be known on both sides of Eternity, this causes me little or no surpriso. Nevertheless, I deferentially beg to diffor with " Outis " about Ibseu. I believe the latter to bo something more than a " writer of thin, incoliercut dialogue about middous." "Midden," it may bo mentioned for tho benefit of the vulgar, is the classical torm for dunghill. Plain "duughill" was good enough for Shakespeare, but it won't do for " Outis." Anyhow, Ibsen is likely to livo after "Outis" Iia3 been forgotten, oven if his plays, when staged iu prudish Conservative England, are no success. And ' this will bo mainly because Ibsen is ro true to life that English literary thought, so long accustomed to accept tho shadow for tho substance, and the sham for the reality, cannot accept the 'real Man and Woman wlTon it encounters them in tho works of Realists of the Ibsen type. People who have lived all their lives in tho darkness cannot bear the light of tho sun. That is why tho critics and the English public are trying to kill Henrik Ibsen. But the very antago nism which he raises Is a proof of his genius and originality. Those who claim that Ibsen's characters nre impossible can never liavo studied his " Ghosts " and "Tho Wild Duclc" in the light of an ex perience of the life tluvt lives. s As a matter of fact, we people who think in English have been living since Fielding died by the sliores of a Dead Sea in literature. All literary models are more or less false. Dickens is impossible, Thackeray is a caricaturist, and the wholo army of flctiouists, down to George Gissing, Thomas Hardy, and (slightly) Kipling have marched on beaten tracks botween prescribed boundaries. Hardy and Gissing have had the courage to peep over tho hedge; as a consequence the former is little known or appreciated, and the latter only just beginning to reap the higher reward of superior workmanship. Over that hedgo of conventionality Zola and the Russians jumped long ago. Luckily, they did not think in English. As for tho American writers, tho Puritanism of their pilgrim fathers still lives and works among them. They are essentially correct. Their dunghills remain middens to tho end of the chapter, and the imaginary feelingB of the imaginary innocent " girl reader " are considered on every page to tho detri ment' of art, truth, and reality. Australia, too, seems about to develop a class of literattcurs most shockingly constrained and conventional. « Mrs. Julian R. Ashton disclaims tho Leigh House Socialists, but considers them a " persevering and sometimos rather un fairly treated body of people." Mrs. Ashton does not quite know tho common local typo of Socialistic "reformer" yet. They are persevering, cortainly — persovoring in their endeavors to live upon a movement which holds many earnest men and thinkers in its Cosmopolitan ranks. Most of them also have an earnest antipathy to the use «of soap and water, and how a highly- cultivated Socialistic Stato is going to succeed with a liberal supply of both those essentials to civilised living I fail to per ceive. The only way to find out what mannor of people really make these move ments is to go down into their camps and dwell in their tents for a while. After a liberal application of disinfectant, and a free use of tho fine-tooth comb, a brainy lady journalist like Mrs. A. could knock some interesting copy out of lior ex periences. Constable Hobbs' inquiry. Soo "North Shore Mystery," Sunday Times to-morrow. Each chaptor of this great sensational do- toctivoand turf story has special interest I of its o'wii. itfob a lino musb bo missed. i ' y-vir- — L 