RETURNING TO THE FOLD. A Protestant Minister Becomes a Catholic. The New Orleans Evening Stales an nounces that the Rev. Nelson Ayres, here tofore attached to the Episcopal Church in the diocese of Bishop H. Miller Thompson, has become a Catholic. The following is a letter addressed by Mr. Ayres to the Epis copalians of the Mississippi coast:— " As I was denied ~ the opportunity of speaking to you in person, I take the present means of saying to you my farewell as your minister! I have addressed to the Bishop : off Mississippi the following letter:—* This is to place in your hands my resignation - as missionary on the coast, and with it my resignation of theministiy of the Episco pal Church. It is unnecessary forme to go into my reasons for this step, further than to say that I have at last seen the folly of trying to be a Catholic and a Protestant at toeleame time. For y<mr|i»lf, my dear Bispbp, I entertain no feapk&but; t&Jpto; foufidfsst respect and. affectum. I lippre* ciatod^y, suid heartily thank you for which I cannot sever without deep pain and regret. I beg your forbearance and your prayers. For you, the dear people, among whom I have labored fox nearly seven years, and of whom many are my dearest personal friends, I feel that I must express the deep pain I feel at the sever ance of the relations, which, forme, were so delightful. Nothing could drive me to it but the profoundest sense of duty, duty to you as well as to my own soul, and I feel that I owe you some brief explanation of my course."' Mr. Ayres then refers to his education in a Protestant denomination bitterly preju diced against everything Catholic, and to a study of the scriptures and of history which drove him to the Episcopal Church:— '^1 have believed and taught that her ministers were real priests, her Sacraments actual channels of Divine grace, and her teachings the utterances of the Holy Ghost. For more than twenty-three years I have exercised her ministry in this persuasion, though for the last twenty of them with growing doubts, hard to suppress and dis tressing to entertain. Had I regarded more the actual facts of the world and less the theories of the narrow school in the church with which I have been more or less identified, I should not have been so long in doubt, for the Church of God is a ' city set on a hill, that cannot be hid/ It is this church that teaches God's truth with a voice of certainty and authority; it is this church that claims for, and has in, its Sacraments, all that the Lord Jesus promised; it is this church that makeB it her business, as her Lord did, to take away the sins of the world. I dare not longer withhold my obedience from the Holy Catholic Church." 