SEALED ORDERS Ol THE TRIPLE MYSTERY. This Story Is written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Chiel Inspector Brynes, of the New York Pollce CHAPTER L. LANOION BOnUEILLE GIVES INrOBMATION. On the morning following Nick Carter's arrival in Washington, disguised se "Hank" Lovell, of Colorado, the news papers contained sanother sensation. Again it was a case of two suicides, which had occurred about the smle hour at different placee. The news in each instance reached the reporters after midnight so that only the moat meagre accounts of the tragedies could be gathered before the papers had to go to press. The more notable victim was Dr Jerome, and the mystery surrounding his death was deep. None of his friends were able to give a satisfactory reason for the suicide. but a general rumor prevailed that the doctor had been the acoepted lover cf Ethel Gray, whose sudden disappearance in the hour when a woman was found mur dered in her room, had been the sensation of a few days before. It was therefore strongly hinted that Dr Jerome had taken his own life by reason. indirectly, of Miss Gray's un pleasant position. The doctor's servant told thb reporters the story of the discovery of the eaicide. Paul Cobden had called about half-past ten on the night before, with a friend who had taken sick on the street. Cobden had gone to the nearest drug store soon after to get a prescription filled. He admitted the latter on his return, and then went to the basement. About twenty minutes later he heard the two men go out and walk up the street. There were no other calls, and just at midnight he went to the office to see whether he Would be needed again during the night. It was then that he discovered Dr Jerome laying on the lounge dead, and the goblet which had contained the fatal dose lying shattered by the side of the corpse. Mr Cobdcn had been aroused from his bed at half-past one o'clock by the re porters, and questioned. He was much surprised to hear of Dr Jerome's death, as the doctor seemed to be in good spirits when he celled,several hours before, with at the house of Lwas nurse employed father of Miss Ethel Grayve ray, the suspect. This woman's deathi by iisig seemed the more important from the fact that she was the maid of Mrs Orlando e?nd Theresa Orlando at the time these two women were fcund dead in their beds. It was known that the woman carried the fatal poison on her person in a hollow or false setting of a large seal ring which she .constantly wore on her left hand. This secret receptacle was concealed by a spring slide, and contained only a few drops of some poison, which, however, was powerful enough to take a life very quickly. The coroner was reading the brief ac counts of the double suicide that morning when a servant announced that two gentle men wished to see him on urgent private business. The fficial met his visitors in his re ception-room, and remained closeted with them for nearly an tour. When they came out, after their interview, the coroner was saying "Depend upon me, sir. I will do all that I can, acting consistently with my official duties, to aid you. I can easily find some excuse to postpone the inquests several days." "By the way, Mr Coroner,"said that one of the two visitors who had been addressed and who of course was Nick Carter, " there was a fragment of a cigar found near Bray ton Russell's body. Do you know what became of it ?" "Oh, yee. I remember very well. :Mis Gray got it." " Miss Ethel Gray ?" "No, Miss Eunice-the elder sister." "Eunice Gray !" "Yes. I think she must have been in love with him. She called at my office the day after the inquest, and asked me to give it to her as a remembrance. She said it was probably the last thing he had touched in life, and she would prize it as precious accordingly. I gave it to her, and I sup pose she has it yet." "Thank you. and good-morning." Nick returned to the Arlington alone, while Cobden went direct to Mr Grey's residence. The former retired to his room, and waited patiently until noon, when the evidently expected message came. In answer to it he hastily left the hotel and took his way to Bepresentative Gray's house. The butler ushered him into the library, where Eunice, Paul and Fanchon Biutelle were waiting for him. Nick at once pro ceeded to business. "We have no time to lose now, my good girl," said he. addressing Fanohon. "Ethel Gray must be restored to her friends at once, and you have information which may go a good way toward paving the way for her return." "Anjzing I can tell I veel not w-z. held-" " Good. Then first tell us exactly what occurred when you and Miss Gray visited Brayton Rusell the night he was killed." "I, at Meos Ethel's direction, remain in se hall just outide. Scon after she had gone in, a woman came np to me in zse hall and poinis one daggaire at my heart make me geef her my cloak and hood, and zen compel me to leave ze building and go home. She vos crazy; I see zat at aon glance, and I hesitate not to do as she tsk. I roe vone coward, I know." "You came right home Y' " Yea." " Well ?" "Vel, ven Mees Ethel retur, and see me vaiting for her. she stare and inquire 'How deed you get he re first ' " "Zen I tell her everyczig. I zonght she vould faint. She moan. 'Oh, ve are aot! Vot has she doneP Vot has she done P "And she sent y~u away P" "Yes. She sasked me eef I vould return to France eef she give me a year's vages. I vould hafe prcmised anyzing zen. I promise. She psy me at vonce, and scy, 'Start emeedeately.' Zen Miees Eunice persuade me to come to New York and vait teel she might vent me. She says Mees Ethal must be crazy, and might need i:." "Had you ever seen that orazy wo nn before r" " Nevaire." "rWhy did you go to Mrs blake's when went to New York " "She ees Adam Thompson's seestaire." "And what are you to Adam Thomp. aon P" Fashon hnng her head, while a flush ept into her cheeks, re lm he vife." " S You are Mr Adam Thompson " No, saire. I am Madame Butelle. Hea true name is Boutelle." " Then who was the woman found dead in Miss Ethel's room P" "My husband's seestaire." "Oh! oh! You knew she was dead when I called on you that day P" "Yes. My husband tell me all about it z, night before." "Now, Madame Boutelle, tell me-whc it the 3bild you have at Mrs Blake's-the original of this photograph P" Panohon sprang to her feet in evident excitement. " You know about heem P" "Yes. Tell me all about that littli boy." Facchon looked at Eunice questioningly "Tell him everything," smiled Eunice. "Zat boy sea ze son of my husband'e former master." "Brayton Russell P" "Yes." "And it's mother I" "Ees decd." "How came it in your cars 1" " She leavd it wiz me, ven she come fron Paree. vile she go to Vashington." " What was she doing in Washington P" " She go to sell her secret." "To whom F" " Fint she try Navarro." "At ! That explains Navarro's startle look when he saw her lying there on the floor. She had visited him already. Bui why did she then go to Ethel Gray P" "Because Mees Gray vas very much in terest in ze child, and I suppose she zinl Mees Ethel vould buy her off. My hus band know more about it zan I." The butler put his head in at the door a this moment and beckoned to Eunice. The latter went to him, and he whisperes something to her. In great agitation she left the room. Nick remained silent an waited for her return. When she came back she had a surprise for the deotective. Ethel Gray and Chick accompanied her. CHAPTER LT. WHICH ENDS OUR STORT. With the return of Ethel Gray, Nici was enabled to pick up the last link in the great Triple Washington Mystery. Chick found Ethel at her last hiding' place by shadowing Martha Lange on hei first visit to her former mistress aftes Nick's return to Washington. The first intention of Chick was to send for Nick, but by a bit of carelessness he was detected at his watch. Fearing he might again lose this most important per son (for he had in the meantime diEcovered that it was Ethel Gray) he put her under arrest. As soon as she fully realised her situa tion she asked Chick to take her to Washington, and agreed to go without the formality of ,equisition papers. As briefly as it could be done, Nick related all that he had learned in his work on the case. Then he said S" It now remains for you to furnish what further information we need. You have been shielding some one?" " Yee." " Who is now dead 1" " Yes!" with a great sigh: "Your sister ?" " My half- sister." " Leone Antonelli "' Ethel nodded. " Brayton Russell's wife " Again she merely nodded. " Why did you shield and aid a mnr derers P" "She was no murderrss." " She killed her husband." " But she was irresponsible. The woman was a maniac." After much persuasion, Ethel was in duced to tell the whole story. Brayton Russell had met Leone Antonelli on one of the latter's visits to the Grays at Parie. The result was a secret marriage and the birth of a c'ild. Then the young mother became a raving maniac, and was shut up in a madhouse. Russell's valet, the secret husband of Miss Ethel's maid, had found a woman who undertook the care of the child for a stipulated sum until its father should be ready to claim it or a nthetr arranaramanta for. the boy's " Why was such care taken to keep the existence of this child a secret I" asked Nick. "Need you ask, since you know so much about the danger which threatened the existence of every Del Pnante heir P" was the reply. " Tell me why you wero willing to shield this m-d woman even at the sacrifice of your own life P" "First, because she was my half-aister and I loved her. Secnd. because I pro mised cur mother on her death-bed, when she revealed to me the relationship of Lemne, that I would keep this sister's birth-her very existence-i secret as well as that of the cild, until after the claims to the Del Puente estate had all been al lowed. Everything might have gone well had not Leone escaped from her keepers in France." "Ah I She has been at large for some time. then P" "Yes. In her madness she had but one deeire-to escape and kill Brayton Russell for taking her child away from her. Gradually she grew better, and her pby sicians believed she was rapidly returning to a state of permanent sanity. They ac corded her the liberty which in her mad cunning she plotted to get, and when the opportunity came she escaped. "The mad-house authorities informed RuEsell of the escape. He sent for me, because he knew I was the only person who was fully informed of all the fcote in the history of his unfortunate marriage. It was I who met him at the Covington a month before his death, and was driven to the Pennsylvania depot." "Why did you go to New York t" "To be there when the French steamer arrived next day. Mr Bussell believed that she would come direct to America, and might be a passenger on that steamer. He hoped I would be able to identify her. even if she was in disguise, and succeed in getting her to return quietly with her grandmother, Mrs Antonelli, until he could meet her there and make his peace with her." " You met her there P" "No." "She was not on the steamer F" "Yes. But saw me first, and eluded me." "Well, then what ?" " I never hoard of her till-till the day of the tragedy. She then suddenly ap peared ia my room, and she appeared to be perfectly sane and rational. AU she de sired, she said, was to find the hiding-place of her child." "You didn't tell her P" "No, because I didn't know." " Well, go on." "I was called away from the room for a few minutes. When I returned she was gone. At the same time I missed the stiletti which Dr Jerome had given to me. Then I feared she had designs on her hue hand's life. It was to warn him that I called on him early on that fatal evening. '-After I left the Covingten on my return, I suddenly discovered that I had dropped one of my gloves in Mr Russell's room, and I sent. as I suppled, my maid hack for it. When I got home and saw Fanc:eon there, and heard her story of the woman who had threatened her with a stiletto and compelled the surrender of the cloak, I anticipated the terrible result. "You know what happened when Leone returned to the Covington in the guise of my maid. Had I not sent her, she would undoubtedly have left me before I reached home and returned without an excuse." " Where did she go after the crime was committed ?" "I don't know. She remained some where in hiding in Washington, for she visited mo here in this house several times afterward, coming and going like a ghost." " Ah, yes The day we heard that pistol-ahot in your room F" "I tried to detain her, with father's help. She was armed, and fired that shot at father. Then she kept us both under cever of the weapon and compelled father to send you all away when you came to the door to see what had happened." " She was also the sewing girl who went to your room the night of your flight F" "Yes. She was hidden behind the bed when Marie Boutelle and I entered the room. She heard Marie reveal the faCt that she had Bnassell's:ohild in her powes gion, and saw her sheow me the face i the locket; heard her offer to deliver the child to me for a certain sum of money; also heard her threaten to turn the boy over to his deadly enemies as a last retort. "It was at that point that the maniacal mother srrang from her place in hiding upon the victim and crushed the life out of Marie Bontelle in lees than a minute. I was so horror-stricken that I fainted. When I revived she was gone, and the dead body lay there on the floor. Realising my awful dilemma, I fled. "Fate so directed my steps that I over took Leone on the street. Her strenett was nearly gone. Nothing but pity filled my heart for her. I called a carriage, and we were driven to the depot in time to catch a train for New York. I took he, direct to her grandmother's, where yeto saw her dead-dead-the day after we arrived." " Miss Gray. you have one of these rings P" asked Nick, holding up the snake ring on his watch-chain. "I have three of them." Her answer was wholly unexpected. "Three?' "Yes One is Mr Cobden's, as I sup pose you know. Another was given to me by my mother, who told me its history, and swore me to secrecy; it was the joint pro perty of Leone and myself." " And the third- " " Is the one taken from Brayton Russell's body when he was killed." "Taken by Leone P" ' "Yes. She had it when she died&" " How do you know she took the ring." "Leone died perfectly sane, and related to me all that occurred on that tragic night when she went back to the (Cving' ton. She found Russell asleep inhis chair, and he never knew whose hand it was that deprived him of life." "Asleep!" "Yes. He complained of feeling drowsy before I left him, in spite of the startling news I took to him." "Do you know why he had sent fos Navarro that night P" "Yes. To ask the senorplainly whether his mission to the United States was not somehow connected with the Dal Puente estate. He strongly suspected as much." "There is nothing now left to clear up n all this mystery except to discover Navarro's motive in giving Russell that drugged cigar," said Nick. "Drugged I The cigar drugged P" gasped Eunice. " Yes. That is why his mad wife found him belp'ess and at her mercy when she entered his rooms. That the cigar was drugged can easily be shown. Miss Eunice, you have the part of that cigar which was not consumed. Will you bring it to me P" Eunice's face expressed great surprise at the detective's knowledge of that one of her secrets, but she did not stop to ask any questions. A few minutes later Nick held in his hands she stump of that cigar, for the possession of which he had declared to Superintendent Byrnes he would give £100. "Chick, I want you to smoke the re mainder of this cigar, in the cause of justice." Cbhck complied withcut a word of ob jection, and the effect was whbt Nick had expected. In twenty minutes Chick was under the influence of the drug. " 1 must arrest the only living parties to this great conspiracy, and discover just what part they have had in the four deaths which have come out of it," said N.ck. "You mean Senor Navarro and his wife ?" said Paul Cbden. "' Exactly." But neither the senor nor his wife ever fell into. Nik's official hands. When he called at their residence on Second-street anhourrlater, the house was found. closed. The birds had flown. The Navarros escaped to South America, and news has just reached Superintendent Byrnes that Inrz diod from an attack of yellow fever at Rio Janeiro less than one month ago. With her death is removed any possible benefit to Navarro which might come from the death of any of the remaining Dal Pnente heirs. There are but three of those heirs alive now to claim the vast estate in Spain next December :-Ethel Gray, whose likeness to her unfortunate half-sister once deceived the greaotest dotective in the United States; Paul Cobdeni and the son of Brayton Russell and Leone Antonelli. Paul and Ethel will be marrion just before they sail next winter for Spain to take possession of their joint two.thirds of the princely wealth. Ea?ice Gray has assumed the guardian. ship of Brayton Russell's orphaned son, and is giving him the great love of her heart which went out to the father while the latter was alive. Mr Gray has fully recovered his health and his normal physical proportions. He and Eunice, accompanied by little Leon Russ,ll, Fanchon Boutelle and her hue= band, who cave entered Mir Gray's service, will sail for Europe immediately after the marriage of Paul end E:hel, to be cons on "the grand tour" several years. Mr Gray has never got over his paleion for travel, and, after the tragic events of their last winter in Washington, he and Eunice feel a special need of the relief which they can only find in a constant change of place. Both Nick Carter and Baperintendent Byrnes feel satisfied with the outcome of the great conspiracy. It wculd have been more satisfactory to them, prrhaps, could Dr. Jerome and his female confederate have been brought to justice and made to pay the penalty of their crimes upon the scaffold. But, when they consider that such as outcome would have made public all the troubles and sorrows which n·arly crushed out life and happiness for Ethel Gray, they are reconciled to that which came to pass. Taus the Del Puente conspiracy comes to an end with only three living derccn dants to claim the eccentrie old don's bil lions, but the three promise to prove most worthy heirs, who will not misuse the mighty rower which their Monte Oristo poseeseio-s give them And when Nick Carter goes to Spain he will not have to build a castle there, for one will be waiting to receive him as a most welcome gu'st. [Tra 3ND.. 