Q 0 EE LI -S T O HY. A. LATTER-I) AY GAT-ATE A. She waS tall And RtntYicsqne, wi«h a figure that was marvel of indolent ri- dce, and a face tliat mij^lit have f>een modelled from that of the fabled Queen of lieaUly. Masses of g«>libhnvfl h:iir curliup: r-uft'y ovei- a low Grecian -hhuv, fcaui-es that were faultless ili thelf chi^ellul regularity ; a white, transparent «kin, veined delicately.-like the pntnl of a rose, and great grey ey<-s straight under dark brows, and long, sweeping la lies. Absolute perfection, iiot.hing.less ; and yet—and yet—it was a perfection that chilled and saddened yori. She was so serene, and white, and stiH. She was like a Ssiow-maicen, or a marble sculpture —lovely to th6 eye, bat icy cold to the tancb. She had no warmth, no glow - , no tenderness. She looked as GaWteft might have looked befoi-e Pygmalioft-S ardent kisses awoke her to passionate life. ar.d the knowledge of a womah r Sj soul. Men raved about "her beauty, but her iminobility froze them, and they dared not approach ber. When kI.-c was twenty-five she Jwifi never -hid a lover. No man had fcver told ber she was beauiiful. No man bad ever kissed her, or even touched her hand, saVe in the ordinary friendly greeting. Thffn wben «be was twenty-five she mei*t Dick YjftuU-leur. Fate threw him acmfc ber path, jjusf by th? merest accident, "and forgot to take bim away ag.iin. So he stayed. Dick was twenty five, too ; a man in years, a boy in everything else. Ardent, impetuous, careless, sanguine; with all a boy's happy hopeful belief in himself and the unknown future, a boy's trusting- heart, a ad a boy's piinny smile. It was a wonderful tiling, ^hat Bmile of his. No one could resist it. Meti invariably thawed .before its genial warmth, while wometi—well, no woman ever said " No'' tt> Dick Vandeleur. He was not tlie sort of man that women said " No'' to. He always put one in mind of those lines ofXhven ^Meredith's :— Somejiappy SOUIB there arolhat wear tlieu- \- natere lightly ; tfccsB i-Hjoico The world by living, aid rf>ceive fr'm all mt'a more than what tliuy give. One handful of their buoyant ch: ff excels our hoards of carwful grain. Justly : for one man's joyous lau^h augments gain. earth's joy—is all men's Scorn not the pift of gladness given to these bright souls. It is from Heaven^ Dick woi-e his nature li^htty. H& was by inclination and profession an artist. As yet be only stood on the lowest rang of the ladder of success, but h«j4iad a keen desire to climb to tbe yery top, and he saw no reason why be s^oull not. His vocabulary held no su( h word as fail. He believed in himself, be believed in hisart r anS h- believed iu tbe future. Hippy Dick ! jftTe 11,, as I said before, fate threw bim across- Patricio Campbell's path, and left liim there. It suited him well to be left "there, and he had no wish for fate to remember bim and take him away ; for be found Patricia the most interesting and fascinating woman—from certain points of view —that he had ever met. The very qualities in her that repelled other men attracted him. Perhaps it was the force of contrast, perhaps it was an under current of sympathy, perhaps —but what is the use of speculating? In this tangled skein of life there are so many cross threads that, to all appearance, start nowhere and go nowhere ; ao many effects to which • we can assign no cause. Patricia's beautiful, impassive face set him thinking', and the second time he saw her he said, in his casual way— " I say, Miss .Campbell, I want you to do something for me. I've got a bright idea—will yon help me to carry it out f- Patricia looked at him doubtfully. In all her life no man h id come to her for help before, and the novelty of the situation impressed her. She did not qoite know -what to say. Help you ?" she repeated, in a dubious tone ; and then she added, '.'Canir 1 ' ^ ; ' fi - ., - "Rather !" t - cned J)Ick1 " Ijshdold " just think you can—-if you "only will." She was still looking at him in that •wondering way. " Tell me how," she said. —He went a step nearer, and looked down at her with bis winning smile. " Youjcan sit for me," he answered; "and you will, won't yon? You don't mind my asking you, do yoa?" r ' Patricia shook 'i jer head, and the ; mystified expression deepened in her unconscious eyes. " No, I don't mind. But, whv— why?" Dick hesitated. If he had been talking to any other woman in the world^he would have said, " Because yon are the most perfectly beautiful woman I have ever seen. Because you have a figure to send a sculptor mad, and a face like a painter's day dream ; and I must paint you or die." But some subtle instinct warned him that it would be wiser not to talk like that to Patricia, so he thought for a moment. " Well," he said, at last, " the fact is I've got. a good thing in my mind's eye, but I'm hard np for a model. That's often the way, you know. Ideas and realities are such awfully different things. Bnt your fact is j ust what I want, and—and—well, you would be do'ng me the greatest .possible service if you would sit for me. Patricia was silent,and Dick awaited her answer with breathless impatience. Hs felt as if bis whole future fate was iu the balance. Presently she sighed—a long-drawrij quiveringsigh. - " Are you sure," shd asked, a little wistfully, "quite Sure, that I can lielp you i I am not'used to ht- lping peo" pie. No one ever asks me tci. ! ' " Q.uitfj quit*; kU.-iV Dick letnrned, with eaj^et emphasis, and yoU are the only pi-rsorl who can. 1 ' Then I will." said Patricia. So tile bargain was struck, and the bddly- assurted pair pi-oceeded to can y it oiih He painted her as Galntea, and the work took a 1 jng time, and necessitated a great number of sittings. Dick spoiled a good many canvases, but that was his way "through life. He Was always throwing aside his old canvases, and starting on new ones. Ir wis a habit, he bad. Parricia displayed a patience that seemed inexhaustible. She never fidgeted, tieVer complained. When orfCe Diet had posed her she would remain in the some position for any length'of time, and .if she grew t ired, or cc?13. or cramped, she k»-pt her Secret, and he was none the wiser. \X?t last the grand work begun to progress, and Dick spoiled no more < an vases. He had got fairly under wei»li^aftd tbe successful .realisation of Ijisj. ideal was only a question of time. "•I've ncSTer-cdme anyjvhei^; itoar this before;"" lie said to Patricia one morning', "I always hoped that some day I should paint a picture that would make me famous—and I shall owe my fame to you." He looked at her and smiled, and the smile was reflected on ber face. She had taken to smiling n-ore often of late. After that everything -went with remarkable smoothness, and before very long" the last touches were put. Dick looked at his completed work and saw t liat it was good, and liis delight and enthusiasm knew nobonuds. He was like a child with a new toy. Patricia stood by his side and looked too; but his high spirits did not infect her. Site was grave and thoughtful. " Am I like that 'r T ' she asked, Dick glared from the living face at his elbow to the pictni-ed face before him. The likeness was exact. He had portrayed Patricia's impassive beauty with rare and subtle skill. The waving^ glory of the bright-hued hair, the straight lines of the finelychiselled features, the pure tints of the velvety skrn T tlieserene unconciousness of the clear grey exes—these things were rendered with a life-like fidelity that was startling rn its vivid rvalism. But beyond and above a'l thisv lie had seized upon and emphasised that which was the key-note 7f her personality—the marble coldnesp, the lack of womanly softness, and tenderness, tbe absence of soul, that made ber face bo perfect a realisat'nn of his ideal Galatea. "You are just like that," he anspw«red r with conviction. Patricia was silent foi a moment^ then. "I did not know," she said slowty,. and her tone made Dick wonder of what she couki be thinking. But he did Bat ask. He had found long ago that asking Patricia questions was rather an unsatisfactory oecupa- feion- " Pygmalion of old fi:ll in love with hia own creation, and kissed it into life," he said, "I am sure I am not surprised, if—if " He broke off suddenly, and Patricia turned ^wray: Dick's eyes followed hex 1 curiously. He was wondering if the most inpetnousof Fovers, the most ardent of kisses, could have power to awake within her the passionate loving woman's soul, that the touch of Pygmalion's lips had oBCe upon a time awakened within hia Galatea's marble form. The picture was accepted by the allpowerful Forty, and well hung, and it proved the feature of that year's Academy. The critics had rrothis^ btrt praise for it, and tbe crowd of visitors who" daily thronged the rooms of Barliugton House were Unanimous in their verdicts Popular feeling ran so high iliat " Galatea " had to be provided with a railing and a poh'ceman, Dick Vandeleur's name was made. w I owe everything to you/' he said to Patricia, " everything/' Now this was not strictly true f arid tbe impulsive words were the outcome of a somewhat illogical reasoning, but Uick W3S not always logical when be was talking to a woman. That is such a different matter from talking to a man. Patricia caught the false note ftt once, and shook ber head. •*' No,'' she 1 anffwered, there are many things that you don't owe to me. Your talent, for instance—that is a Heaven-sent gift. If you had never seen me, you would still have been famous some day.'' " I should not," Dick returned with conviction. "You inspired me. What is talent without inspiration ?" Then he moved a little nearer. " Don't reason with me," he pleaded; " I don't want to be ieasoned with. I like (& think 1 owe everything to you, Let me think it, Patricia." Patricia did not answer; she only flushed faintly. Considered from an artistic poiut of view, that soft, slow blush was the most perfect thing in the world, and Dick's eyes were all ablaze as he looked do»vn at her. "I owe you," he went on, "a debt that I can never pay off in this life; the balance will have to be carried over to the next, I'm afraid. He paused for a moment, then put bis band over hers, as it lay idly on the table. " It ia not only name and fame and fortune," he added. " There is something else that I owe to yon— something more precious than either." Patricia was lost ia a drea'n-liire silence, looking down at the hand that ! held her own, What a strong hand j j j j i . ' it was, and what subtle sympathy seemed to be conveyed by its close Clasp. TI13 sense of physical contact With him thril'ed her strangely. " ^lay I," he asked, in a hurried tone, " come in this evening and tell you what it is?' Her eyes were still fixed on the clasped hands, hers and lus. " Yep," she answered. Then she withdrew her band slowly, and as she did so Dick stooped down and kissed her. The next moment- he was goue. Patricia stood where he bad left her, silent and motionless. Her pulses were throbbing wildly, and tbe b'ood was coursirg through her veins in a torrent of liquid fire, still outv.-ardiy she was unchanged. Then all at rmce a light broke over ber face—a light that suffused and irradiated it wirh a- rosy glow, a new strange beuaty. She was transfigui ed. Her lips parted, htr cheeks flashed, ber eyes softened with passion and tenderness unspeakable. In that one moment she had passed from the marble semblance of a woman to a woman indeed, with a woman's heart beating in her breast, and the dawn of a woman's love stirring her beinpr to its utmost depths. It was the soul's awakening. The light still lingering" upon her face when Dick came back. He saw it as she turned to meat him, and this new marvellous beauty of hers, this glowingpulsating' womanhood,inst iivrrt with passionate life, came upon him with an actual physical shock. He stopped short, gazing at her spellbound. " Uj Jove!" he mutleivd, under his breath. " By Jove 1 : ' Then he went forward. "" How different yoa look tonight," h(j said. "What is it P" His eyes wandered over her as he spoke, seeking some lfason for tbe change ; but he con Id find none. Her gown was one that be knew well, she bad not altered the arrangement of ber bair, everything about ber was much as usual. No ; the change owed nothing to outward influence, it came fiom within her. Even as Dick grasped this fact an idea struck him suddenly : could it.be his kiss—the touch of his lips ou hers—that had wrought this startling transformation? For a moment the thought made him cower guiltily ; then be dismissed it as quickly as it had come. No, it could not be that— that was not enough. For Dick was a man, and a man of the world—no worse, but still not much better, than his fellow-men— and ho did not think so very much of a kiss. If he felt tempted to kiss a woman, he generally yielded to the temptation, just as he yielded to other temptations, in his light-h artecf, irresponsible way. A kiss wa3 such a little thing, be always reflected wben r as sometimes happened, his conscienco pricked him. What did it amonnt to, after all ? Just the touch of lips on other lips I Nothing more. " Patricia/' he said, :aking her hand in hi". He had taken her hand and called her by ber name in the afternoon, and she had not rebuked him r so be took lrer hand and called her by her name again at night. That is a man's way, Patrici3 looked up at him. " Yes," she said. Dick drew his breath hard, and for a moment he could tio£ speak. Her eyes, with that new light glowing ire their depths, were enough to set a man's very soul on fire. He had to fight for self-control. " I have a confession to make to you," he went on, rather unsteadily, " when you hear it perhaps you will say I ought to have made it befor e. And yet I don't know why yon should. - It is a secret that is only known to two people in the world besides myseif. Possible it won't interest you, but I think it will, because —because we have scch good friends. I am rrrarried. That is it. I mai ried five years ago. I was only a boy then, with neither money nor prospects; and God knows I had no right to persuade any woman to join her life to mine. Bat—but, we dar/t always do wbi*t. is right— and she has never reproached me, never once. Until now I have had no chance of making a home for her. She has stayed with her mother, and I have lived from hand to mouth, painting pot- boilers and trusting to" luck } making the nrost of the present and leaving the future to take care of itself. But now all that is changed. I can make a home for her now, and give hef all the things thrat she has waited for so long and so patiently—- and I am going to do it—I am going to do it. She's a good Ktt.le thing, the best and truest little woman in the world. And she has never reproached me once." He paused for a moment and passed bis hand over his eyes. "There's a Child, too," he added, in a lower tone. He looked at Patricia with a quick and somewhat uneasy g-lance, but she stood quite still and silent. She did not even withdraw ber hand. " You sec now bow much I Owe to you," he went oa hurriedly. " Not only name and fame and fortune, but also tbe power to atone to my wife for all these years of waiting- ; tbe power to make a home f 3r her and the child* I can never hope to pay off such a debt." Patricia raised her eyes to his and smiled. " Thare is no debt," she said' " it i8 paid already. If 1 have added to your happiness that is enough for me. I was not used to helping people, no one ever asked me for help until you came ; but I have helped you—and I am satisfied.'"' Dick started as her voice fell on bis ear. It was ho changed that he hardly knew it. The tenderness thai had thrilled in th« i-.utl tones was gone, leading it dull and cold and life- less, as it had been when first he met her. He looked at her curiously, and saw that her face vyas changing - , too. The light that still lingerer! upon it was but the ghost of what had been —the faint reflection of that marvellous plow of warmth and passion that had flashed npon him with such bewildering b^vjty only a short time ago. A f al w dimmed the lovely radiance ot uer eyes, her mouth was set in rigid inflexible lines, the marble coldness and hardness of the old days were creepiuo- over her ao-aiu. He dre v a long, deep breath, for in that moment the truth was revealed to him, and the vague uneasy doubts thrit bad filled his mind gave place to "ei-tam knowledge. He knew now that he, like Pygmalion of old, had kissed bis Galatea into life, and awakened a woman's heart within her marble breast. Knew, too, that almost in the same hour as that in which he bad given her life he had taken the precious gift away. As she stood there, looking^ up at him, the smile seemed io freeze on her lips, and all at once the light faded and died ofit of-her faee for ever. The soul was dead, and a soul knows no second birth on this side of atern.it v. 