,OLVE1D BY TIME. : BiTOP.Y OF THE EUREKA STOCKADE. BY JAS. CROZIR?B, B..A. (Ail Rights Restrrtdj ..!-'i )? \--But Markey did not like "quick < quick." HeI was weak and tired, and ,rtst)l pore;of; lying .'down; andNora I actually pushed the black out of the I place and ordered him to go at ohce to I the camp,ti' command which he reluct. - antly obeyed. -Nora had her mare tethered near the tent. She had contrived during all that awful day to keep the animal safe. She made no change in her dress, but tied up her hair in a geat mass on the back of her head.11 She looked once more at the dead body 1 of her brother before she went out. . "I cannotf do more for you, Owen," she said. " O my brother, my brother I What you have endured for my sake ! My poor brother I But it is past for you, as it must be for me also soon. And :noW'farewell for a little while, but not for long." She st?4i0d down and kissed the dead man's brow antid lips, and laid her head for a. qmtent on his cold breast. t Owen,' she cried, " you must pity me wherever you are. Your love has always 'beei near me. and around me, and--it cannot be dead: You cannot have taken it all with you. .lut. I love him too, better a thousand times than I did the other for whom all was sacrificed. Even 'you. And I must save him for the sake of that love. O love, love I is it worth all I have paid for it ? But it will be done," she continued after a pause, " it will be done, even if I have to leave you to do it." There were lights, after the custom .of her country, placed at the head of the bed. These she moved so that there was no chance of anything catohing fire, and then she went out. In the misty light she could distinguish the sad mementos ..of the struggle-the torn tents, the piled up debris, and here and there the broken pike or shattered gun. But she took no heed of these. In one corner of the stockade there were some heavy planks placed so as to give a meagre protection, and beneath them a small opening. From: ;the same place Lalor had crept some hours after he had received his wound and was carried off by his friends, who effectually concealed him. The mare whinnied when she saw her Imistress, and rubbed her soft muzzle against the girl's shoulder. But she also had work to do. It took only a few, minutes for putting on the saddle and bridle, and Nora led the animal out of the enclosure. She had to avoid any sentinel that had been posted around the field, becau.e she knew that the shortest detention would ruin all her hopes of saving the people of Illythfield. Markey "would give sufficient instructions for the .guidance of the troopers. Very cautiously she proceeded, and at last she reached the open space at the foot of the hill, and knew that the time had come when her .great effort was to be tried. Would she 'succeed ? Would she be in in time to warn ? The mare vas ready for her share of the work. She had been fretful and .impatient when held in by the strong hand of her mistress, but when Nora leaped to her back the beautiful creature laid down her ears and started off in full stride in an instant, shaking her head and bounding with all four hoofs from the ground in play. Then she settled down for her long gallop. " Fifteen miles-fifteen miles t Shall we be in time ?" Nora asked herself as she set her teeth hard and fixed herself in her seat. Then came the long monotony. Noth ing could be heard but the eternal "creak, creak," of the cicades or the mocking cry of the laughing jackass, as he whirled away from his roost further and deeper into the wilds of the bash. Nothing but the rhymatic beat of the mare's hoofs, now on the hard quartz pebbles, now on the softer sward, where the deep thud-thud found distinct echoes amongst the ghost-like trees. Although so intent on the work she had nndertaken, with that singular soul play that affects our most serious moods, Nora began to marry the hoof-beats, to, words of her own. " In time, in time'; I love him, but never be mine, be mine." Perhaps all she had gone through during that awful day had to some extent shaken her reason. She could only grasp the one great idea, of saving the man she man she loved : and almost coincident with this was the overwhelming con sciousness of her great loss. But with all the phantasms that crowded her teeming imagination the refrain always rang in her mental ear, " I love him, but never be mine, be mine." Up the steep slopes of the hills, down the echoing glades, across the little levels where the timid light struggled with the shadows cast by the great gums, and threw the fretted tracery on the cold ground. Nota held her way. Poor Fiffine did not understand it all, but eviden:ly her beloved mistress wanted her to do hier best, and she did it. She had given up play. She had set herself to do that task whatever it was, and do it she would to the grim end, even if her slick sides began to heave with every deep drawn breath, and the scanty air had to be caught in side.diktnded nosirils. \Vas she not a thoroughred, and had not her sires gaineted the lfinors of many a field? At-last, at last a check. DI)own the mare and her rider iluongod ntst the ice cold waters of the Le'. Wouldt there notu be a minute to has e the cool ftood leave the reeking ilatnkt, a moment to ldash the hot murzzle into the strearnan, d let it flow down and cool the dty atid bur?n:;; throat. Only an instant, not more; and, then on again. IBut what sound is that which strikes chili on ipor Nora's ears, a she passed inear the track leading to llel toff'a shanty 1 Ily heavens it is the neigh of a horse, and Iahe could hear the htarse voices of men calling to tach other, andil tbhe hurry and scurry of many feet andl hoots. "Now, my Fifline," the girl ?lal, as suhe atretched over and ,patted the neck of her mare. "Now only three miles mlote, andl your wolk anid mine is done. Tihe mare neighed iher answer, as If ihe was actually conscious of lhat was ;ie minded of her, and thetn she gathleredl herself up and shot out like ant arrow from the bow. But fleet steeds followed after. Not quick enough, however, for the six teen men that had rushed from Ileltof's whetl the sotund of the passing horse was heard by the sentinel outstide, and ,by the hb6aas who had welcomed, in equine la ri the applroach of their ho)rst siater. There was no doubt about it. It could only be a Ipy )to warn their intendled victmias, and save the ri:h booty from their clutches. " Ot, ,boys; we shall catch him, and make him pay for interfer. ing in our lIusineass. We have had some >f ileltof's blue ruin," and it is maddening >ur heads, and putting murder in our iearts, if it was not there before. And hat infernal spy:will pay for it all in his ife-blood. Whip and spur, boys. Whip end spur. Your cattle have travelled be. ,ore, and, by heavens ! they must travel now, if never again." " Only two miles; my Filline ; only two ailies more. They ate'tailing off. They arenormatch for you, tired asyou are. No natbh'fo& you, my beauty Only one of them. A big white brute that I can just see when he darts froni one shadow into another. ' In time, in time, but he will not be mine, be mine.' No matter, Fifline; yon and I have done well. Why both I Oh, why both I Captain Noel came up, and gave orders that she and her belongings were to be respected. Why so? Perhaps it was that mysterious influence which seems at times to guard the good and true. Nora knew that nothing but death would have kept her brother from her at such a time, and therefore she quietly made preparations for the worst. The initial excitemnent soon calmed down, for the same reason that the bush fire stops short when it reaches the bare and barren plain. Nora waited until all show of resistance was passed, and then went to Noel, and asked him to be allowed to search for her brother's body. Noel said to her : "I think you are Miss Shanaghan. There is a friend of mine much interested in you, and I shall do what I can for you. We English soldiers only fight with the living, and then only when they have arms in their hands. If you find your brother's body, I shall give orders to have it brought where you wish it. Still, wait-I shall go with you. Some of my men are dreadfully enraged at the fall of my comrade, West." Noel and Nora soon found what they sought. Poor Owen lay calm and quiet in the great pool of blood that had soaked the ground all around. She threw herself on the body, and for a minute indulged 'herself in all the luxury of woe. Noel had the body removed to the tent, and as they were returning Nora recognised the body of Walker, although the whole head seemed cloven in two. Noel at the same time recognised it. " Ah! Miss Shanaghan, there is a man I want saved if there is life in him. Will you undertake to do what you can for him 1" "Certainly," she said "Even if you had not earned already whatever I can do for you. This is Mr. Walker, the mate of Mr. Malcolom and Mr. Wil* loughby." "Yes," said Noel, with a slight smile, " and Willoughby is a very old mate of mine." Nora saw at once that there was no hope for hbor brother. He was dead in deed. But Walker, although his wound looked even more ghastly than Owen's, was not fatally wounded. She stayed with the wounded man until the flickering flame of life strengthened. Then she paid the last sad duties to the dead. She had many friends ready to assist her, and when their oflices were concluded she sat down to think. God! How heavily that day passed on the bereaved woman ! The horizon of life seemed to have crept in on her like the walls of the dungeon which grew smaller every day in the sight of their doomed victim until at length the unrelenting iron clasped and killed. Still she had other work to do to keep her from despair. 11 alker had to be saved. When he recovered his senses he found for himself that the wound was only a skin wound, and that nothing senous was injured, and no bones broken. His medical education stood him in good stead. With Nora's assistance the wound was bound up, and the "dead" was re restored to life. He was awfully weak, but still he had hope, Nora left the enclosure -no longer an enclosure- and easily pro. cured a trap to take Sir Walker to Blyth field. Dr Pirie was there and all Lis friends, and he knew they would conceal him from the prosecution and persecution if it lay within their power to do so. "God bless you," he said, as he left, "God bless you, Nora Shanaghan. You are a noble woman. I see now that often when men take a reckless course they do not risk only their own lives. I hope to see you soon. Farewell." Walker reached Blythwool in safety, and, what was most singular, brought the first tidings of the attack on the Stockade. Nothing could keep Bill from riding at once to Ballarat, but he found that sud denly all reasons for doing so were taken away. Nora remained for hours in silence with the dead after t\'alker had left. Hier heart fed on the past anti its bitter memo ries until her bhole being seemed to rise in rebellion against the iniquity of life. What had she lived [for I What benefit had her life conferred on the world or on herselt 1 There was complaint and self. reproach in the misery of her thoughts. iBut with whom can it ,be otherwise 1 We owe a grudge to Fate for our own lives. Suddenly there was a noise, anit the opening of the tent was drawn apart, and Maikey stood before her, blood-stained and way.worn. CAlPT'EIt XXX. Norva was sittiug at the dead man's head, with her cloak thrown lightly over iher long black h;ir, that hung in dishe velled masses round her figure. lHer atti tude was that (of a very picture of woo. \Whtn she looked up, as Markey staggered into the tent, the lines of her features seemed drawn in agonly, but the eyes were tsarlesa. The abandon of grief had dried up the wells ,f that sweet relief which kirdly Nature has plrovided for the sbticken. The tear, would not come. Thle mighty fjinu of her brother lay in its last long sleep,, btretched on the rude diggers' bed, andl surrounded ,by the implements of his vocation-- the pick and shovel and the prospecting dish, no more to Ie wiehled by is strong arTn. Ilern and there were the marks of the elashes of the sohliers swords, and the hlittle canivas partition which divided the teiit into two apartments hiuiing down iln loose andt tattertd fraguments. It was altogether a scene of desolation and ruin Even Markey seeni?il aff'ected ly the sight. lie walked, tr rather staggeredl up to Nora, and sail : "Douiglas anil gang gieC to BIlyth hield." "Wltat?' she asked, the openu.eyed I misery acquirilng a new interet. 