Novel. WARING'S PERIL. BY CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. CHAPTER IV.—(Continued.) It was stall dark and storming furiously when the bugles of the battery sounded the reveille, and by the light of the swinging lanterns of men marched away in their can- vas stable rig, looking like a column of ghosts. Yet, despite the gale and the tor- rents of rain, Pierce was in no wise surprised to find Cram at his elbow when the horses were led out to water. ' Groom in-doors this morning, Mr Pierce. Is Waring home ?' ' No, sir ; Ananias told me when he brought me my coffee.' ' Hold the morning report, then, until I come to the office. I fear we have both first lieutenants to report absent to-day. You and I may have to go to town ; so get your breakfast early. We will ride. I doubt if even an ambulance could get through. Tell me, Pierce, have you spoken to Waring about —about that matter we were discussing ? Has he ever given you any idea thas he had received warning of any kind from old Las- celles—or any of his friends ?' ' No, Sir. I've had no chance to speak, to be sure, and, so far as I could observe, he and Mr. Lascelles seemed on every excellent terms only a few day's ago.' ' Well, I wish I had spoken myself,' said Cram, and turned away. That morning, with two first lieutenants absent without leave, the report of Light Battery 'X' went into the adjutant's office just as its commander and junior subalt- ern went out and silently mounted the drip- ping horses standing in front. The two orderlies, with their heads poked through the slit of their ponchos, briskly seated themselves in paddle, and then the colonel hurried forth just in time to hail,— ' Oh, Cram ! one minute.' And Cram reined about and rode to the side of the post commander, who stood under the shelter of the broad gallery. ' I wouldn't say anything about this to any one at head quarters except Reynolds. There is no one else on the staff to whom Waring would apply, is there ?' ' No one, sir. Reynolds is the only man I can think of.' ' Will you send an orderly back with word as soon as you know ?' ' Yes, sir, the moment I hear. And-d— shall I send you word from—there,'—and Cram nodded northward, and then, in a lower tone,—' as to Doyle ?' ' Oh, drop Doyle I don't care if he never ——' But here the commander of the post regained control of himself, and with part- ing wave of the hand turned back to his office. Riding in single file up the levee, for the city road was one long pool, with the swollen river on their left, and the slanting torrents of rain obscuring all objects on the other hand, the party made its way for several squares without exchanging a word. Presently the leading file came opposite the high wall of the Lascelles place. The green latticed gate stood open,—an unusual thing, and both officers bent low over their pom- mels and gazed along the dark, rain-swept alley to the pillared portico dimly seen be- yond. Not a soul was in sight. The water was already on a level with the banquette, and would soon be running across and into the gate. A vagabond dog skulking about the pale gave vent to a mournful howl. A sudden thought struck the captain. He led the way down the slope and forded across to the north side, the others follow- ing. ' Joyce,' said he to his orderly, ' dis- mount and go in there and ring at the door. Ask if Mr. Lascelles is home. If not, ask if Madame has any message she would like to send to town, or if we can be of any ser- vice.' The soldier was gone but a moment, and came hurrying back, a negro boy, holding a long fold of matting over his head to shed the rain, chasing at his heels. It was Al- phonse. ' M'sieu' not yet of return,' said he, in labored translation of his negro French, ' and Madame remain chez Madame d'Her villy. I am alone wiz my mudder, and she has fear.' ' Oh, it's all right, I fancy,' said Cram, reassuringly. I saw your gate open, so we stopped to inquire. We'll ride over to Ma- dame d'Hervilly's and ask for them. How. came your gate open ?' ' Ne ceonnais pas ; I donno, sare. It was lock' last night.' ' Why that's odd,' said Gram. ' Better bolt it now, or all the cattle along the levee will be in there. You can't lock out the water though. Who had the key besides Mr. Lascelles or Madame ?' ' Nobody, sare ; but there is muddy foots all over the pizza.' ' The devil ! I'll have to look in for a mo- ment.' A nod to Pierce brought him too from the saddle, and the officers handed their reins to the orderlies. Then together they entered the gate and strode op the white shell walk, looking curiously about them through the dripping shrubbery. Again, that dismal howl was raised, and Pierce, stopping with impatient exclamation, tore half a brick from yielding border of the walk and sent it hurtling through the trees. With his tail between his legs, the brute parted from behind a sheltering bush scurried away around the corner of the house, glancing fearfully back, then, halting at safe distance, squatted on his haunches and lifted up his mournful voice again. ' Whose dog is that ?' demanded Cram. ' M'sieu' Philippe's : he is no here. He is de brudder to Monsieur.' At the steps the captain bent and closely examined them and the floor of the low veranda to which they led. Both were dis- figured with muddy footprints. Pierce would have gone still further in the investigation, but his senior held up a warning hand. ' Two men have been here,' he muttered. They have tried the door and tried the blinds—Where did you deep last night, boy ?' and with the words he turned suddenly on the negro. ' Did you hear no sound ?' ' No, sare. I slept in my bed,—'way back. No I hear nothing,—nothing.' And now the negro's face was twitching, his eyes staring. Something in the soldier's stern voice told him that there tragedy in the air. ' If this door is locked, go round and open it from within,' said Cram, briefly. Then, as Alphonse disappeared around the north side, he stepped back to the shell walk and followed one of its branches around the other. An instant later Pierce heard him call. Hastening in his wake, the youngster came upon his captain standing under a win- dow, one of whose blinds was hanging partly open, water standing in pools all around him. ' Look here,' was all he said, and pointed upward. The sill was above the level of their heads, but both could see that the sash was raised. All was darkness within. ' Come with me,' was Cram's next order, and the lieutenant followed. Alphonse was unlocking the front door, and now threw it open. Cram strode into the wide hall- way straight to a door of the east side. It was l0cked. ' Open this, Alphonse,' he said. ' I have not the key. It is ever with M'sieu' Lascelles. It is his library.' Cram stepped back, gave one vigorous kick with a heavy riding-boot, and the frail door flew open with a crash. For a moment the darkness was such that no object could be distinguished within. The negro servant hung back, trembling from some indefinable dread. The captain, his hand on the door knob, stepped quickly into the gloomy ap- artment, Pierce close at his heels. A broad, flat- topped desk stood in the centre of the room. Some shelves and books were dimly visible against the wall. Some of the drawers of the desk were open, and there was a litter of papers on the desk, and others were strown in the big rattan chair, some on the floor. Two student-lamps could be dimly dis- tinguished, one on the big desk, another on a little reading table placed not far from the south window, whose blinds, half open, ad- mitted almost the only light that entered the room. With his head near this reading table and faintly visible, a bamboo lounge stretched its length towards the southward windows, where all was darkness, and some- thing vague and indistinguishable lay ex- tended upon the lounge. Cram marched half-way across the floor, then stopped short, glanced down, stepped quickly to one side, shifting his heavily-booted feet as though to avoid some such muddy pool as those en- countered without. ' Take care,' he whispered, and motioned warmly to Piecce. ' Come here and open these shutters, Alphonse,' were the next words. But once again that prolonged, dis- mal, mournful howl was heard under the south window, and the negro, seized with un- controllable panic, turned back and clung trembling to the opposite wall. ' Send one of the men for the post surgeon at once, then come back here,' said the cap- tain, and Pierce hastened to the gate. As he returned, the west shutters were being thrown open. There was light when he re-entered the room, and this was what he saw. On the China matting, running from underneath the sofa, fed by heavy drops from above, a dark wet stain. On the lounge, stretched at full length, a stiffening human shape, a yellow-white, parchment- like face above the black clothing, a bluish, half-opened mouth whose yellow teeth showed savagely, a fallen chin and jaw, covered with the gray stubble of unshaved beard, and two staring, sight- less, ghastly, eyes fixed and upturned as though in agonized appeal. Stone-dead,— murdered, doubtless,—all that was left of the little Frenchman Lascelles. 