A Wonderful Woman. CHAPTER XI. THE WEDDING NIGHT. Mr. Peter Dangerhcld had been a daily visitor at Scarswood ever since uncle s ill ness — no nephew more devoted, more anxious than he. The baronet listened to his eager inquiries after his health, his son -like anxiety, with a cynical smile. 'If I were dead there would be no one I between him and the title — you under stand. I have no doubt Peter is anxious that — I should never recover.' ' Something's happened to Pete, papa, answered Kathcrine, thoughtfully. ' He s not quite a new way of talking and carry- fiig himself ol late. He looks . as if some great good fortune had befallen him. Now what do you suppose it can be ?' 'Great good fortune,' Sir John repeated with rather startled face! 'I think you cnust be mistaken, Kathcrine. I wonder,' trery slowly this, ' if — if he — has been in communication with Mrs. Vavasor since her departure.' For Mrs. Vavasor's presence in Catle- ford was still a profound secret. She had taken lodgings in the remotest and quietest suburb of the town. She never ventuaed abroad by day, and ha 1 assumed an alias. She and Mr. Dangerfield kept tryst in the evenings, in lonely lanes and deserted places, and no one save him- #elf dreamed ol her presence. . But three days now to the wedding- day, and those three flew apace. It had been arranged that since, contrary to all precedent, the marriage was to be per formed at Scaaswood, it should also take place- in the evening, to be followed, in the good old-fashioned way, by a next day for the Continent, the hour was fixed for seven and half the county invited. Sir John's progress towards strength was very slow. Some secret anxiety seemed preying on his miild and keeping him back. He watched his idolized darling flying up and down stairs dashing, bright OS the sunshine itself, in and out of the room, singing like a skylark in her per fect bliss, and he shrank from the sight as though it gave him positive pain. 'How can I tell her ?' he thought; 'how can I ever tell her! And yet I ought — I ought.' Once or twice he ieebly made tire attempt, but Katharine put him down immediately in her decided way. 'Not a word now, papa — Ij won't have it. I don't want to hear any nasty, annoy ing secrets two days before my wedding, and have my peace of mind disturbed in this way. If I've got to hear this disagree able thing, let me wait "until the honey moon is over — Gaston will help me bear it then. You tried to tell me on Christ mas Eve, and brought on a fit of apo plexy; and now, contrary to all medical commands, you want to begin over again, and bring on another. But I'm mistress of the situation at present, and I won't listen ; so set your mind at rest, and don t wear that gloomy countenance on the eve of your only daughter's marriage.' - He was too feeble to resist. He held her to him a moment, and looked into the happy young face with a weary sigh. ' I suppose few fathers look very joyous on the e.ve of any only daughter's marxiage, and I have greater reason than you dream of to look gloomy. But let it be as you say — let us postpone the evil hour as long as we can.' The last day came — the day before JMeiv Year's Eve. The bride-elect had been busier even than usual all day. Dantree dined and spent the evening there alone. They were both very grave, very quiet ; that long, peaceful evening, the last of her youth and her happiness, never faded from the girl's memory. The picture, as she saw it then, haunted her to her dy ing hour— the big, lamp-lit drawing room — her father's quiet figure lying back in his easy-chair before the fire — her lover at the piano playing soft, melancholy airs, and she herself nestling .in an easy-chair, listening to the music and whispered words — the 'sweet nothings' of courtship. She followed him out into the grand portico enti'ance of the house to say good -bye for the last time. The cold, white moon sailed up the azure, the stars were numberless, (the trees cast long, black shadows in the ivory light. The night air sighed faintly in the woodland : some thing in the still, solemn beauty of the dying night filled the girl's heart with a sense almost of pain. ' The sun will shine to-morrow,' Gaston whispered , ' and, blessed is the bride that the sun shines on.' Good night, my darling, for the last time.' \- He held her in his arms a moment — for the last time. The last time 1 And no foreboding of all that was so near at hand came to her as she stood there. The promise of the night did not hold good. Mr. Dantree's prediction as to the sunshine was not destined to be fulfilled. The last day ofthejyear dawned cloudy, cold, and overcast. A long lamentable blast soughed up from- the sea, the low- lying sky frowned darkly over the black, frost-bound earth. 'We're going to have a storm,' Sir John remarked ; ' our guests must reach us through a tempest this afternoon.' ' The storm broke at noon — rain, sleet, and roaring wind. Kathcrine shivered as she listeneed to the wild whistling of the blr>st. She usually the least nervous and superstitious of human beings, felt little cold .chills creeping over her, as she hearkened to its wintry howls. ' It sounds like the cry of a banshee,' she said, with a shudder, to Edith Talbot. ' Such a wild, black, sleety, wretched winter day ! And last night there was not a cloud in the sky ! Edith, do you .believe in omens ?' ' I believe this is asdisagreeable a day as it is in the nature of December days to be, and that you are a nervous little goose for the first time in your life. You don't suppose Mr. Dantree is sugar or salt to melt in the rain, or a feather for the wind to blow away. Don't be so rest, ess and fidgety, Katlxie, or you'll make me as nervous as yourself.' The short, dark, winter afternoon drag ged on. With the coming of the night ( the storm seemed to increase. The roar j of the winds deepened, the dull thunder of the surf on the shore reached them, the trees waved in the high gale like human things in pain, and the ceaseless sleet lashed the glass. 'An awful' day for a wedding,' even the servants whispered. 'No wonder poor Miss Katheiine looks like a ghost.' She was pale beyond all the ordinary pallor of (jbridehood — strangely restless strangely silent. Darkness fell, the whole house was lighted 'up ; flowers bloomed everywhere, as though it had been mid summer ; warmth and luxury everywhere within contrasted with the travail of the dying yeai\ Under the hands of her maid, Kathcrine sat passive to all changes. The supreme hour of her life had come, and in every wail of wind, Sevey dash of the frozen rain, she seemed to hear the warning word of her old nui'se: ' False as fair ! False as fair !' Six o'clock. The rector of Castleford and his curate had arrived. Hall-past six! The musicians had come, and the earliest of the nuptial guests ; the roll of carriages could be Heard through the tumult of the storm.. ' I wonder if Gaston has arrived?' Kathcrine said. It was the first time she had speken- for half an hour. Her attendant brides maids, five besides Miss Talbot, were all there. The dressing-rooms were bright with fair girls floating, tulle and laces, and fragrant with flowers. Miss Talbot and the French maid were alone with the bride. Tlie last touch had been given to the toilet. The robe of dead white silk swept in its richness far behind, the tall, slim figure looked taller and slimmer than ever, the virginal orange blossoms crowned the long, light-brown hair, the bridal veil floated like a mist over all. f The last jewel wasjplaced, the last ribbor I tied, the last fall of luce arranged. She I stood before the mirror, fair, pole, pen-' sivc — a bride ready for the altar, Seven o'clock! The Swiss clock, tell ing the quarters and the hour, startled them. How the moments flew — how fast the guests were arriving through the storm. The roll of carriages was almost incessant now, and lifting her dreamy eyes, Katherine repeated her inquiry: ' I wonder if Gaston has come?' ' What a question!' cries Miss Talbot. ' A bridegroom late, and that bridegroom, Mr. Dantree, of all men. Of course, lie has come, and is waiting in a fever of im patience down stairs! Ninon, run and see.' The French girl went, and came flying back breathlessly. ' M 'demoiselle, hovv strange. Monsieur Dantree has not arrived. Monse'gneur the abbe is ready and waiting — all the guests are assembled, bub, won Dieit, the bridegroom is late.' jjj Miss Talbot looked at her friend. Neither spoke nor moved. The flock of bridesmaids, ' a rose-bud garden of girls,' came floating in with their misty drapery, their soft voices, and subdued laughter. It was seven o'clock, and the wedding hour. There was i, a tap at the doer. Ninon opened it, and old Sir John?, white as ashes and trembling on his stick, entered and ap- proached his daughter. ' Katherine, Dantree has not come.' ' I know it, ijfatheif Something has hap pened.' Her voice was quite steady, but a grey ashen terror blanched her face. ' Had you not better send to More- cambe?' Edith Talbot interposed. ' He was quite well when I left this morning. Has George arrived?' ' Your brother is here, Miss Talbot.' 'And what does he say?' ' Nothing to the point. Before dark Dantree left him to go to his room and dress. Your brother when starting for . here sent bim word and found his room deserted. Taking it for granted he wish ed to be alone, and had left fcr Scars- wood before him, your brother came ever at once. He was astonished when he arrived at not finding him here.' And then dead silence fell. What did it mean? Below, the guests had gathered in groups, whispering ominously ; in the "bridal bower" bride and bridesmaids looked at each other's pale faces and never spoke. One by one the moments told off. A quarter-past-seven; and still nc bridegroom! Then all at once wheels dashed up to the door — in the enti'ance hall there was the sudden bustle of an arrival. Katrhe- rine's heart gave one great bound ; and Edith Talbot, unable to endure the sus pense, unable to look at her friend's tor tured face, turned and ran out of the room. ' Wait!' she said. ' I will be back in a moment.' She flew dawn the stairs. Some one had arrived — a gentleman — but not Gas ton Dantree. The new comer, pale, breathless, eager, was only Peter Dan-' gerfield. But he might bring news — he looked as though he did. She was by his side in a moment, her hand on his arm. ' What is it?' she said. ' Has anything happened to Mr. Dantree?' ' Yes, Dangerfield,' exclaimed Captain Devere, coming forward. ' At second best man I have a right tc know. Shorten the agony, if possible, and out with it. What's up? The"tour is past, and the bride is waiting. Where the devil is the bridegroom?' CHAPTER XII THE TELLING OF THE SECRET. Where was the bridegroom? Gaston Dantree bade good-bye to Katherine Dangerfield, and rode down to that noble j avenue of elms leading to the ponderous ! pates, llis horse's footsteps rang clear J and sharp through the still, frosty air, the silvery mist of moonlight bathed all I things in its pale, mystic glow. j i He paused an instant to look back ere 1 he rode away. What a fair domain it j was — what a stately sweep of park, and glade, and woodland — fairer than ever in the pearly light of the December moon. How noble the old house looked, with its turrets, its peaked gables, its massive stack of chimneys. Ami to-morrow all this would be his— his — he an outcast of the New York streets. Pie laughed softly, exultantly, to him self, as he turned and rode swiftly away. ' It's better to be born lucky than rich ; it's better to be born handsome than lucky. A clear complexion and a set of regular features, a tenor voice, and insin uating manners, have done more for inc than they do for most men. They have made my fortune. Half the men and women in the world are fools at hot, and don't know how to use the gifts with which nature endows them. I was born in the gutttr, brought up in the st-'etts, adopted out of chadty, turned out for my shortcomings, t" tiarve, or steal, or go to State prison, or — become the literary hack of a sporting papv ; ill-paid and ill- used. And now — to-movr.ow is my wed ding-day, and a baronet's daughter, and the heiress of eight thousand a year, is to he my bride. Gaston Dantree. I con gratulate you again, and still again. You're one of the very chverest fellows I ever knew'hi the whole course of mv life.' And then, as Mr. Dantree rode over the moonlit high ioxd, he astonished be lated wayfureis by uplifimg b's voice in melody, so sweet an J clear that even the sleeping nightingales, had there been any in December, might have awakened to listen and envy. The wheels of the world were greased on '.heir axles for him. A bride, and a fori une, and a life of perpetual p!eacuie,lay beyend to-mor row's sunrise. There was only one thorn in a'l bis bed of roses — Marie. ' If she should; come, after all. and Sa'an himself, I belieye, can never tell what a womin may do. You may be as certain as that you live she will take one course, and ten to cue she will lake the opposite. Fo" Marie rlc Lansac to pursue any man, though he sat on the ;hronc of the Ccrtsars, is the most unlikely thin ; on earth, and for that ve.iy reason she may turn up now. If she shoifld appear t-o- morx'CiW, and lo. bid the mauiage! Such things happen sometimes. Or, if sue should turn up a year hence, and pro- clx'cn my secret and her wrongs! And bigamy's a dev.lish ugly word!' The shadow of the avenger pursued Mr. Dantree into dreamland. His visions th:s ante-nuptial night were all dark and ominous. Pie fell asleep, to see the face of the woman lie feared, dark and menacing , he aw oke, and fell asleep again to see it pail'd and despairing, wild w.t'.i woman's utmost woe. He started out of bed at last, at some abnormal hour in the dismal dawn, with a'cui:,e upon his lips. Sleeping or wak ing, the face ot Marie de Lansac haunted him I ke an avenging ghost, The storm had come with the new day ; rain and sleet beat the glass, the wind ho .vied dismally around the house and up and down the draughty passages. Mr. Dantree scowled at the distant pros pect. Atmospheric influences did not effect him much, as a rule, but they effected him to-day. I suppose the least sensitive of human beings likes bright sunshine, balmy breezes, and cloudless skies, for his wedding day. Mr. Dantree cursed the weather, cursed the puisuing memory that drove him from his bed, cursed his own tolly in letting supersti tious fears trouble him, and, having fin ished his litany, produced a smoke-col oured bottle of French brandy, a case of Manillas, and flung himself into an casy- ciiair befox-e the still smouldering fire. He primed himself with can devie until the breakfast bell rang, and then descend ed to meet his host and his sister, and get the vapours of the night despelled in their society. Miss Talbot departed for Scai-swood almost immediately after breakfast. Mr. Dantree escorted her to the carriage, and moodily watched her drive away. ' I suppose I am to give your love to Katherine?' the young lady said, gaily. ' And I suppose we won't see you until the hour? Try and wear a less dolorous face, signor, when you do present your- self. It's a serious occasion, beyond doubt, but not even matrimony can war rant so gloomy a countenance as that.' Plow the long, interminable hours of that day wore on Gaston Dautrce never aftei wards knew. Something was going to happen — he simply felt that —what, he did not know. Marie might come and she m'ght not; but whether or not, some thing would happen. The dark, sleety hours dragged slowiy along, lie smoked furiously ; he drank more brandy than was at al prudent or usual for bride grooms ; he went in and out in a restless fever that would not let him sit down. He paced upand down the leafless aisles, the sleet driving sharply in his face, the keen wind piercing him — for he was of a chilly nature. Were presentiments true? None had ever troubled liim before. Was it a guilty conscience? It was thefirst time lie ever realized lie had a conscience ; or was it a worse demon than either — the fiend of indigestion? ' A sluggish liver has made men blow their brains out before now, and a dyspep tic stomach has seer ghosts. Presentiment! are sentimental humbugs. It's the heavy dinners at Scarswood anc! the French cookery at Morecamble. combined with a leaden sky and a miserable December day. If the infernally long day were ended and the bridrl hour come, 1 should feel all right I know,' To be continued. 