THE STORY OF A SONG. qy greatest triumph? Well, you sh.ll hear n' t it, although I do not hold it 1i. g1 ether mine. ha1 been singing at an "At Home" m h bonus looking'into the Regent' Park. or y hoeet and hostess were dear friends of I e, and I, with one or two others, re-. l slned long after the majority of the guests cc er gone. We were all artistes-a vio. II , a planist, an aotor, and I, the singer. ni When we were about to separate, they eed me to sing ones more. I Icoked ti opd at the sympathetlo faIso, dreamy in a s softened light, a little group in the p nt deserted rooms. Some wave of re- , embranoe over me. We were none Saus of English birth although we spoke the si E Ll1sh language, and owed much to the u retry of our adoption. I went to the it Mano and sang " Homo, S west Home." p I p'Lyed my own scompauimeut--I pre- a {eyed it on that occasion; I wanted to be ,one with the music. When the song was over we said good g!iht. I felt that I had little else to say; ; the obdued thanks of my friends were more i1 to me than the loudest applause, and I was u not in the mood to talk or sing again. I had decided to go home that night in a s' , b. My host sent a servant to call one. o Almost immediately the man returned, say- b 4 there was a cab waiting; it had been d wating, he added, for more than an hour. It was raining, a slight drizzle, and the a abdriver wore a waterproof oipe and cap; a I remember pitying him in my mind for his t g walt a I got into the cab. I could not o see his face, but from the bend of his ifulders I thought he was an old man. k The servant gave the address "- Montague a g aue," and we drove away, g For some little time I lay hback in my :runer, lost in memories and reflcetions, a?d feeling also a little wearied. Presently, however, it struck me that the journey r semed unusually long, and I looked from t the window. We were in a dark, narrow d gtreat, which seamed quite strange to me ; t I felt sure I had never driven through it efore on my way from the Regent's Park r to Montague Square. I pulled the check string, and put my head out of the window 1 u the driver turned round on his seat and i looked down at me, pulling In the horse a ittle. I "Where are we going ?" I asked. "Did a you not hear the direction, ' Montague Suare'" f " We're going right enough," he saids rather graufdi. "You'll be there directly, safe enough," and whipped up his horse. s I had caught a g'lmpse of his face; it was so honest-loaking face, I thought, but half brled in a great red beard. I did not feel ! altogether comfortable; my survey of the € street assured me that we were in a very i' Foxr neighborhood. It was nearly two r o'clock, and the town was ominously quiet;; I I culd not see a polioeman, or I think I I should have called to him. I After one more turning the cab suddenly stopped in the middle of a street, darker, I nirrower, dingier than the last. Before I could say anything the cabman I had descended from the box and was stand. log at the window. " What does this mean?' I asked Indig antly. " Where are we?" The men leaned his two arms on the ledge of the open window in a dogged sort of way, but I thought he looked rather shame-faced, in spite of his great red beard. "I've brougbt you here to sing," he said. "What!'" I cr'od indignantly. "You must be mad. Drive on at once, or I will get cut and call the nearest policeman." ' You can't get eot?" he said ooefidentially, "the other door is looked; and as for a bobby, I reckon there won't be one round for hall an hour at least You've only got to slIg, andl'll take you straight away home." " What am I to asng ?" I asked in a sort of desperation. Literally I saw no other way out of it. "'Ome, Sweet 'Ome," he said promptly. I wa fairly bewildered. There was rot a shadow of disrespect in the man's tone, but he seemed terribly determined It struck me that I was being made the subject of a jest, a bet perhaps; my charloteer might be disguised, If so, the quicker it was over, and I yielded, the better, unless relief should come from an b absurd situation. Up and down the street f, not a soul was visible; it wai quiet as the a grave. n " Look here," he said (he was watching o my hesitation keenly), "I was listening M outside the window to you and the others. a I never heard anything like It, never; not a slooe- I knew as it was you that sang-I a could see you-and I made up my mind. t Will you sing? I'll explain after-there's g no time now, and you won't be sory." His words came rapidly-pleadingly-as a though feeling precious moments slipping s away. Samethlng in his tone, in the great, pensive blue eyes over the red beard, decided me. I began to sing. At the first note he swerved round and stood with his hack to the cab, sideways to me, gazing up at one of the dark windows 'in the dreary house near the door of which sang, but I also could see the window. Presently, I thought I saw the flimsy . curtain that shadowed it withdrawn, and a 1 white face peering out. The flare of a h street lamp a few doors away fell upon it; it looked strangely spiritual, whether the ? spirituality of angel or dovil I could not say. Perhaps the mystery of it all, the Sstrangeness, inspired me afresh. In spite of weariness and some fear, I sang, 1 a believe, as well as I had done In my friend's I drawing-room and with a deeper meaning. In all those other dark, uncurtained i windows I saw no sign of life; it seemed to t me that that weird white face belonged to the sole inhabitant of a street that was one I t of mere deserted tumbledown tenements. t a Anything more ulterly pitiful than the g burden of that song rising in such a place I a s canot conceive. All around were the I ghosts of homes, lonely, falling houses with : P unknown histories, and all the time the man I I, at the cab door stood motionless, gazing up. As the last note died away, he turned y round a little and touched his dripping cap, I a then, without a word, mounted the box and a drove on. I suppose I was over-wrought- c th3 unearthliness of It all had been too a t much for my imagination; I know I buried I k my face and sobbed; but I grew calmer k presently, and in a quarter of an hour I w found mynsel safely deposited at my own I d door. a When I offered my driver his fare, he kept his hands on the reins and looked a d straight ahead. A a "No-no," he said. "I don't take no fare for this night's work, thank ye kindly," d and drove off. His voice sounded hoarse., The adventure dwelt much in my mind, t and perplexed me, but for many days It a gained no solution. If Then one afternoon I was told that a man i desired to speak with me ; he was waiting e on the door-step, and sent up his name as y i Cab No. 1, 2-." I remembered the o number of the cab in which I had returned ; from Regent's Park. I ordered the man to f I be shown into a little room off the hall, and I went down to him. y sHe was there, red-bearded and blue-eyed. r, standing in the middle of the room, and tingering his hat with a sort of shame nf ifedness. i. "I thought I'd just like to call and see you," he said, "and explain. She's gone \- home-your singin' did it. I never heard I anything like it. I'd like to thank ye." se "Tell me all abaut it." rt " ell, you see," he said, staring out of er the window, "she used to sing beautiful, nd. d she used to sing that-then she went 1\. away from the village to London-and- u and she got into trouble. We'd never kept et company, so to speak. but I was kind of fond of her; she was a bit above me always. y, When she didn't write no more, I came to a London too. I thought if I took to cab or ! driving I might cross her somehow and keep 1 to an eye on her. I heard her slging one " night at a- never mind where, not a bad rt place exactly, but rough for the like of her. er She was dreadful frightened when she saw me, so after that I watched her unbeknown. She fell ill and went to hospital. When she s came out she couldn't sing. She went back 's t. her poor room; the houses were going to d be pulled down, and the street was emptying. de but the landlord, he let her stay a bit. I ny never spoke to her, bhut I used to put things i he at her door now and again. "My old father and mother would have been glad to take her in, and let her rest and forget the town, and I wrote that on a paper and put it down by the door. The next morning she had torn off a scrap and wrote on it large, 'No,' twice over. I guess she war about starving, too. Then I heard you sing, and It seemed to me if she heard it sang like that sha couldn't help herself but want t3 go. I made up my mind to have a try anyhow. She's gone-the old'un's have I got her safe-and I thaak you kindly." There were tears in the eyes of the .ingor as shabe concalded. " You will see," she said. smiling with her lips, "that the triumph was not altogether mine I" 