TEE CHIME OF CBIMES- A PARABLE, An angel was sent from heaven one day to eee how the people of the earth were faring in the land that a munificent God had given them. He alighted on the brow of s hill in the early mom, and as the mist curled up' from the valleys he saw beteath him fields yellow with golden-harvest, and afar eff the roofs of a great city. And as the sun rose and the night departed all nature awoke with joyous sounds. The lark flew quivering with bappinees to the skies, to sing, as near as might be to the gates cf heaven, her song of thankfninees, while beneath her fellow songsters repeated the notes of her matin song. The CXLTI in the meadows low«.d contentedly to one another, and their warm breath rose like oloada of incense from the earth abrine of the God of Day. These sights and sounds of earthly happiness so fliled the angel's heart with gratitude that he knelt and adored the beneficent Diety who had created this joyous world. And when hiB odorations tare over he began to deeoend the hill, but of a sudden stopped, for across the plains and valleys there came s murmuring sound from where the people of the city were awakening from their ap. The angel listened for awhile, and then said softly : " 1 know not what may be, bnt 'tis as the cry that rises when those who are doomed to everlasting death see tho-gate of Paradise doee and Abandon Hope for aye." So speaking he descended to the plain, and passed along a pathway through the fruitful meadows. He bad not gone far when there oame ont from a hovel oloee by the roadside, a toil-wom msa, with stooping form and furrowed face aud diep-set despairing eyes. And the angel, Bpeaking to himself, said: "My God has eext me to find how it tares with man, whom He hath made in His own imsge, bnt turely this eanrot be such a one." Therefore he said to the men, "What art thou?" and he rr plied,-" I em a slave." Then said the angel, " Where are thy gyvee and ehujklee P' and the man said,*'I seed them not; for there is no place whaeonto I oould flee, exoept I take refuge in death." And the angel said, ' Wherefore art then a slave, al-d unto whom?" and the man replied, "I am a dave to the lords of the land, beat a» they own this earth, without the fruit* whereof no man can live." And the angel said, " H&TO; certain men denied their fellows a share in the fruitful stil, the universal gift of God P" -"Ay,"said the man," 'tis even so." "And on what conditions do they allow yon to toil in the fields P" asked the angeL " On oendition that we render to them all the grain we grow, but the hnsks we may keep for ourselves, and thereon life can just be sustained." "And have they many slaves P'' said the heavenly visitant. " Ay," said the toiler," all men must render tribute to them, tec else die i and so it baa happened to many who have had nothing to give." " And what do the lords do with'ihe tribute of their slaves f" said the angel. " They and their favourites oonsnme it, they who live in the gnat city and never toil, who need not rise with the first l'ght of dawn or sink with weariness when the shadows falL" Then the angel Eaid farewell to the hapless toiler, and went sorrowfully on hiB way. And all day long he pissed through the fruitful fields, and saw the men and women toiling for the husks of tbe grain, while the fat oxen lay oostsctsdly in the shade. And long after nightfall he oame to the great city, and entered the silent s'reets thereof. Not far bid he gone, when, from the shadow of a wall, there sprang a man npon him, who hoarsely said, "Give me mcnty, or else die." "Gently, brother," said the angel, " I have nothing to give, nor is it light you should use me so." " 18t>rve," said the thief with a low moan, and tanished like a ghost. Near this 8 not, across the pavement, there flowed a stream cf .blood where a murdered -man was lying on his back staring horribly at the silent stars. So the angel passed swiftly on, but at a strset corner a young girJ, with wild, reckless eyes, stopped him, and ssid, " Do with mo wuat you .will, but stive me money, for I etaive." But the angel saying, " Shier, forbear," passed on again till he heard from tbe darkness a low faint cry, and stooping down saw, lyisg on a dooritep, a desd woman with shrunken checks, who still pressed with rigid arms a babe npin her breait. The angel took the young child in UB aim?, and even as he did so it straightened ont its litt'e limbs and died. Then the angel closed the eyes cf the poor mother, and carrying the dead infant, went qniokly on to where shouts of revelry oould be heard —to the palaoe of one cf tbe lords of the laud. The golden gates were guarded, but he passed quickly through unseen, and entered the marble palaos- and the mightr bsnquet-haU. From end to end the tables were thronged with perfumed revellers, while high on a dais above them all lay the lord of the land listening to lcacivious mnsio and applauding-the dancirg of a wanton. And unseen the angel went to his side and laid in his lap the body cf the child, and wrote. upon the wall in letters of flame," This ohild whom theu hsst murdered shall proneunce thy everlasting doom npon the judgment day." The angel then asoended to heaven, and said: "Thy earth, O God, is peopled by miserable slaves, over whom there reigns certain men called lords of the land, who have eaten up the fruits of their toU and robbed them of all Thy gift, exoept the husks of the grain, whereon they live. The beasts of the field and the birds of the sir rejoice, but the lot o' man, because of this thing, is one of miseiy." Then the Creator of the universe called the recording angel to His ddp.and ieid, "Blot ont bom the judgment book all record of the sins of men, and place therein alone the names of these who have robbed My people of the earth I gave, for from this cause hath sprung all sin, and none but they shall bear the pena ty."—Tfie Beacon. 