DRAMATIC NOTES. In Sydney Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove's Opera Company, in good fettle after their long New Zealand tour, have been playing " Paul Jones " to excellent houses at the Lyceum Theatre. "La Mascotte" is to re place it this evening. Mr. Geo. Rignold keeps "Faust" on at Her Majesty's, and Miss Maggie Moore's burlesque season at the Theatre Royal is drawing to a close. "Little Jack Sheppard" has proved a strong attrac- j tion. The Rev. H. Haweis has been lecturing during the week with great success at the Adelaide Town-hall, and will make his ap pearance at the Melbourne Athenaeum on Monday. His subjects will be "Music and Morals," "Tennyson," "Is Marriage a Failure," "Christ in Art," "Music and Noise," "and " Modem Ghosts." Mr. Ray mond Blathwayt, the well-known journalist, who has also arrived under engagement to Mr. R. S. Smythe, has postponed his lectures until after the Haweis course. "The New Boy" has been drawing fairly well in Adelaide, but a fresh piece is thought advisable for the last week of the company's stay. They are to put on Augustin Daly's comedy " A Night Off," in which Mr. Wybert Reeve will take a part, Mr. Slade Murray, with the Empire Variety Company-Messrs. Delohery, Craydon, Holland, &c.-is; still at the Adelaide Bijou. Mr. George Leitch (according to a writer in the Ota'jo Witness) is in negotiation for the production at the Wellington Opera-house of "The Land of the Moa," a spectacular drama. Scenic effects are promised that will conjure up some of the most remarkable beauties of both the North and South Islands. The dramatic story is chiefly English, but some of strongest episodes occur in New Zealand. A Maori hero and heroine and a well-known chief will figure in several of these scenes. Pollard's Lilliputian Opera Company were in Wellington during Eastertide and pro duced a musical version of " Uncle Tom's Cabin." Mr. J. J. Kennedy was recently thrown out of a vehicle at South Dunedin, and sus tained a severe shaking. He was not per manently the worse for the accident, however, and has since appeared at his own benefit at the Princess's Theatre, Dunedin. The Charles Holloway Dramatic Company have just finished a Brisbane season, in which they played a drama called "The Shramrock and the Rose," by Mr. Walter Reynolds, an actor who used to be well known in Australia a dozen years ago. Mr. Charles Arnold, with "Charlie's Aunt" and other pieces, has been touring the Queensland provinces. In spite of the domestic responsibilities de volving upon her as the mother of twins, the Countess of Clancarty (n6e Miss Belle Bilton) is said to be about to return to the stage. And she is to reappear in the distinguished company of the Marchioness of AilesbtAy, who, as Miss Dollie Tester, was once equally well known at the music-halls. HOT WEATHER.-HOW to Invigorate the Nervous S.vBtem by Natural Mains.-Mental Prostration. " Havine suffered' wuah from headache and mental prostration. I was induoed to try Eso'e ' Fhuit Salt,' the effects of which have been most satisfactory, re sulting in invigorating my entire nervous system, and removing the frequent headache to which I w-at embjeot. You are at liberty to make any u*e you think proper of this testimonial, as I consider Kfto'a 'FRUIT Sam'an Indispensable adjunct to the house hold.-TRUTH, Blxdon-road, Dalttou, E." OauUgh. Examine each bottle and see the oapsulc is (nuked .'EKO'8 Fautr SALT." Without It you have been Im posed on by worthless Imitations. Bold by *H ChemiiU and Stores.-4Ai>y*-} :. 