HELPING THE HELPLESS. (Bv ' The Vet.') No. 22. j A considerable amount of speculation, for it is nothing else, bas found its way into the papers or journals of thc colonies lately re ' spiritualism,' th epro and con. being asser tion and denial, one party pretending to believe in the theory of spirit raising, and another exposing the trickery. Poison and antidote, but the public are nevertheless duped by paying to sec the clever actors who gull the populace with lying wonders. Common sense informs ub that whatsoever is not patent or obvious to our five senses, or our discernment aud discrimination, does not really exist, but is occult, hidden, and unknown. Secrets of nature that obfuscate our reasoning powers are unlawful, and beneath our dignity as thinking mortals, because tbey are op posed to natural laws. Tbe human eye is so constructed that it cannot see immaterial ism, and although wc believe in subjects that are not matter, we perceive them with the mind's eye, that is to say, we compre hend or understand them by a process of reasoning. Spooks, ghosts, spirits, sprites, impa, elves, and such like, are only visible or perceptible so far as imagination carries as, and their presence is not attested and confirmed by the faculty of vision or thc sight of thc eye, because, tbe brain being dis turbed and tbe mind off its balance at the time, the victim of hallucination or delusion can clearly perceive the cheat with the eyes closed (.when there is no sight or vision) jnst as plainly as with them open. Hence the eye is taken captive for the time by the over powering influence of strong imagination. No human being who pretends to a know ledge of tho occult science of spiritualism is competent to demonstrate tbe functions of thc mind, or to reduce to fact his or her theory, by producing on paper or any material the diagram of a human thought, or an idea of the mind, the representation (in form) of tbe spirit or soul as it exists in tbe mortal body. They cannot design or give pain, diminution of suffering, joy or misery. Why 7 They are all parts of human existence, for no one exists with* out them. Therefore, as they can not illustrate to our vision these attributes or functions of our inner life, mind, spirit, soul, which have no corporeal parts ; as they cannot demonstrate to our vision the immaterial existence oalled life ; as they cannot bottle up or represent man kind's spiritual parts— call it his tovlt hiB Peyeh*, or the Promethein spark— then the occult science of spiritualism is a cunning fraud, skilfully and ingeniously contrived to deceive, by tricks and artful jugglery, the unthinking, guileless creatures who pin their simple faith to cheats aud humbugs who impose and defraud by falsehood. To put thc case more plainly— when the human body dies, or thc spirit departs out of the body, which, if any, of all the five senses is cognisant of thc fact? Not one. No human sense can possibly grapple with immateriality. It is against nature to be lieve such stuff. As we stand by the dying, and the watchers softly declare the spirit has fled, tbe body being to all intents and beyond dispute emptied of its spiritual part, what force of nature comes to our aid, in forming us of tbe fact of tbe spirit's flight ? None ; unless it be electricity, and that only under certain conditions favorable to the manifestation, and not to be depended on. Noises heard in death chambers are ao countcd for ae the sparks fly off from the body giving up the ghos',or resigning its spirit as done with. These electric sparks enter into material consonant with their own nature, and as they join company with, and become component portions of, matter in new spheres, tbe tranferrence of thc atoms emits crackling sounds or noises, called by tbe superstitious death tokens. Human beings meeting death by water, fire, or overwhelmed by the fall of earth, rocks, etc., while hundreds ot thousands are eloBe at hand, bat can render no help to thc help less, arc not made acquainted with tbe moment when or how the spirit left the body. It has gone, and that's all abont it. Conjecture or argue as much as you like, the fact remains nothiog has control over I spirit. Neither have these trickstere who prate about manifestation — fiddlesticks, moonshine, bosh, and bunkum, these and, nothing more. Man cannot exercise in fluence over spirit, for the simple but unanswerable reason, that it is supramun dane, and belongs to another world. One more proof, and this the last, wbich ought to convince tbe most dense of tbe folly of believing in so-called spiritualism. A man's will is stronger ^thau the obstacles that oppose it while he leaves the guidance of that will to mature judgment, and holds the reins of reason firmly. Hence martyrs, even in the throes of the most painful and cruel death, could rejoice, their will being stronger than the weak and suffering mortal body. Man cannot punish man's soul ; it is beyond getting at or being made subser vient to the passions of others. It is quite another self, so to speak, one-half, and tbat 1 the supreme half, of the dual nature of humanity. This spark called life is not produced by man, although man is the medium for effecting conditions leading up to thc point when life is produced to perfoct the work man began. Moses was learned in all tbe wisdom of the Egyptians, embracing the occult scienccs now pretended to be practised, but thc Egyptians were foiled when tbey attempted to work miracles beyond the power of man or touching bis inner life. That is, the magicians of Egypt wore incapable of striking the first-born dead, or restoring to life those whom the Angel of the Lord had slain. The arguments adduced by spiritualistteachersareunfonnded as far as facte are concerned, being baseless ; the very best are poor, slender attempts, weak and untenable. Tbey are aB barren of truth as barrack-broth of fat, aDd as unoonneoted with conclusive ideas as a railway pud ding, vis., the solitary representative of Spain for eacb station on the line. These miserable results are the sequence of badly informed minds, or neglect of sound education ; and are on a par with some people's paerility of belief, being I always cootent to rest their confidence in | and trust on a Bambini in the arms of a Madonna. Thus they halt on the march of intellect and never reach the goal of full reliance in the Emanuel and his finished course. Given a building of solid masourv sufficiently spacious to hold atmospheric air to keep half a dozen people alive for ca« hour, no windows or fireplace, with three doors, which when closed the place becomes hermetically sealed. Place one man on each corner outside, aod two at the doors. Seal up tbe keyhole when thc doors are locked. Let five or six men remain inside tbe build ing with a body tbat is dying. Let all these watchers belong to tbe medical faculty and tbe top of tbeir profession. Suppose tbe i verdict of these men to be, the person car- : ried into the stroug room cannot by any , means live one hour longer. At tbe expira- : tion of 60 minutes undo the doors in ques tion, then interrogate the inner watchers, who reply tbe man died in 20 minutes by the watch after tbe doors were closed. A light was passed over the fac.i ; tbe eyelids were forcibly pulled opeu ; the limbs bent and lifted np and down ; the feet lanced ; a mirror paced o^er the lips, but no moisture was found thereon ; a powerful battery ap plied to the body after supposed death, no result. The body became rigiriandcold; it ] -was dead. By what means did the 'spirit - escape out of such a building J Indubitable t evidence affirms the spirit left the body 4 at the time indicated on tho timepiece \ where and how did It go ? If these simple i questions cannot be plainly answered, then 1 a belief In spirit mongers is silly in- - deed ; and Buch fond adherents to a stupid - creed deserve to be victimised to any : extent. ? Let us return ones more to that grimly ? historical locality named after Governor Sir . George Arthur; or that portion of Tasm&n;'s Peninsula known as Pore Arthur. This penal settlement was established in 1830. Adjacent , to it was Point Pucr Cor Boy's Point), which : in 18SG had no less than 270 unfortunate lads under the system. For some years this out-station of Port Arthur was in charge of Gentleman Mitchell* a person well known on thc coast. *Twaa here the underground calls were faked out for civilised beings to live in. During 1834 tbe Parliamentary returns show there were in thc island of Van Piemen's Land 15,688 convicts, which in twelve months increased by shipments to 16,968, while at Port Arthur in 1836 the prisoners amounted to 911. Previous to Port Arthur being formed into a penal settlement the prisoners' bell was at Mac quarie Sarbor, which settlement was formed in 1822, but it was abandoned in 1834, the convicts being sent to Port Arthur. The records of this dreadful abode (Macquaric Harbor) of conviots arc of a sickening character. Within the period of ita exist ence 116 male prisoners absconded or took to the bush, 76 of whom perished, some having penetrated the interior as far as Deadman's Plains, Skullbonc Plains, Murderer's Plains, and other parts of the button- grass swamps, ctc. One system-made demon was banged for murdering and eating six of his companions, who bolted with him. Twenty-four were known to have escaped, but thc bare chances of getting away were all the world to a gooseberry. Thirteen poor wretches were hanged for .bushranging, and two for murder. Five years before Port Arthur opened as a penal settlement a station was formed at Maria Island, vie , in 1826, Another hell upon earth, Rocky Hills, on the road be tween Spring Bay and Great Swanport, was as bad as any of the terrible spots. There is a place at Rocky Hills called ' Hell's Gates,' I a steep incline to the sea shore, where men | working on the road formation, in the bibs of tbe Government go-cart, have been koown to rash the cart party down the incline and smash and kill one another, or get pitched into tbe sea and drowned — anything to escape the cruel triangles, starvation, and other punishments meted oat to reform criminals. In 1886 tbe Port Arthur coal mines were in full swing, 600 tons per month being raised by the convicts and sent to Hobart Town. Why these mines were called Port Arthur is an enigma, as tbey are located at the other end of Tasmania Peninsula, many miles distant from thc settlement of Port Arthur. In 1836 Port Arthur was worked cheaply by a military commandant, Captain C. O'Hara Booth. There were then at Port Artbnr 1000 prisoners, the supervision being— One superintendent, one overseer bootmaker, and one superintendent ot same.One chief constable, three subB ditto (men under sentence), and all the working gangs were under the control of subover seers. In addition to this staff there were 12 constables on the old line where the dogs were stationed out in the water, vii., at Lack's Point, Stoney Point, and Dock Creek. There were also constables at the out stations. All these billeted individuals re* ccived the munificent sum of one shilling a day and prison fare. Under Jas. Boyd, however, in thc fifties, with about half the number of prisoners, and ofcen-times less than a half, { e., ranging from 900 to 600, there were aboat 60 officers and upwards of 60 constables. The pay also was three times larger, the quarters better conditioned, the rations much dearer, and, of course, the ex penses, with miscellaneous items added, were something enormous. But Boyd waB a convict monarch, and proud of his exalted sovereignty. His humble cottage on the Point, next the Military Barracks, was dubbed Government House, and here Boyd lived in regal style. One summer's eve wh-n ' polished-nosed ' Boyd was reclining, Nabob-like, enjoying a smoke, ' The Yet.' hit upon a dodge to please the civil com* mandant. There was a billeted prisoner in the ' visiting hut ' named Doctor Seaton. Tbis man was a cornet player, and had been guard of the coach between Hobart Town and Launceston. Tom 6husch. a German, Tom Lancaster, Jim Carroll, and a number of mechanics of that ilk, members of the church cboir, were privi leged to remain op after the gangs had been mustered to bed. These ' The Vet.' got together, and, being loaned a boat from tbe coxswain, gently pulled under Boyd's man sion, and began singing glees, the cornet leading. Boyd and family came on to tbe verandah, clapped and encored till long after 9 p.m. Some soldier officers sauntcrei in, and things were a bit lively as the brown jugs came foaming from the cellars, with Mr Boyd's compliments and thanks. ' The Yet.' conld do nothing wrong after that— no fear. In proof of tbis remark it may be mentioned here that on tbe fol lowing Friday evening, a day when the u traps' (out-stationed constables) came in to headquarters for rations and to make their reports, ?' Thc Vet.' who was doing the Datcb auction trick, received a message 11 to make less noise.' The various items up for sale were being knocked down merrily to the bids of the oat-stationed ' bobbies,' such as bine serge shirts (overalls), regatta shirts, neckties, vests, braces, knives, etc. All these articles ' The Vet.' had obtained frsm Saul Salomon, Murray-street, Hobart Town, and sold at a trifle over 176 per cent, profit. Tbe noise of bargaining being ou the increase, Muster-Master Brown, after* wards bandmaster of the City Guards Band, Hobatt Town, sent a second message to stop the riot ; but no notice was taken by ' The Vet.' or the men within the 'visiting hut.' Hereupon Brown sent over or across tbe roadway one Eugene Sullivan with a third demand to drop the noise instanter. ' Tell old Brown to go to — , shouted ' The Vet and continned hie exhortations to the bobbies. In less than no time old Brown roshed over, broke up the party of cus tomers, and informed 'Tbe Vet.' that be would be brought before thc civil com mandant next morning for gross insubor dination. The bobbies slipped quietly off to bed, and the lights were doused. Next morning at 9*30 Jas, Boyd asccndcd the bench at the police office ; bis henchman, John Tapp, acting as police clerk and legal adviser ; John Byron and William Sibley at the ' record books.' ' The Vet.' was called into the office, placed in the dock, and charged by Mr Brown (superintendent and master- master), ' with gross insubor dination in making use of foul language when cautioned to cease making a dis turbance in the visiting but.' Boyd eat with downcast eyes, pretending to be read ing a law book lying open before him. ' How do you plead ? ' inquired Tapp. ' Not guilty,' responded ' The Vet.' Here a smile played round the mouth of Boyd, who, as was his wont, polished his nose'. Brown rC' counted tbe affair, and called upon Acting Cons'able Sullivan to verify his statement, as reported to him by that individual. Sul livan, being sworn, gave evidence just as thc case happened. ' By tbe way, Mr Tapp,' said Boyd, 'If the oonstabics bave not returned to their stations they might be sent for, for snrcly some of tbem will re member the expression nBed, as reported by Ballivan.1' ' Just what I was going to sug gest,' remarked Tapp, ' for under the cir cumstances no body of men could hear the word* sworn to without Temembering aU or some of them. Send Maples (the constable nn ftourt duty') to the vinitinc hnt. and brinff all the constables here.' In a few minutes the police, three deep, marched into the conrt. Another polish of his nose, and the civil commandant threw himself back in the magisterial chair, and addressed the mob of traps— ' My men, a charge of a I very seriouB and disgraceful character has been preferred and sworn to by Aoting Constable Eugene Sullivan ; now, my men, to test the veracity of E.8., all who heard the words, 4 Tell Brown to go to — hold up your right hands.' 'The men' stood like a solid wall, sot a hand being lifted. ' Very strange, Mr Brown ' broke in Boyd, ' but really just what I expected.' ' There is something extraordinary about it, don't you think so, Mr Tapp.' 'Just what I was abont to remark,' replied Tapp. ' Try them agiin, sir.' With a vigorous polish of his nose, Boyd began again, ' My men, any one of yon who -lid not bear the words stated to be used by the defendant, hold up your right hands.' Instantly every hand was uplifted, and Boyd rose from tbe bench, his action being followed by John Tapp. ' At tention, men,' commanded Mr Boyd, 44 1- ft face, quick march to your respective sta tioos' The 'men** fiied out, and were off to their hut, where they buckled on their and made themselves before Brown returned. *' You're a nice specimen - of a constable, Sullivan,' thundered the 1 olvil commandant, 41 there's not a particle ? of truth in his evidence, Mr Brows. What, do you think, Mr Tapp ?' 'Exactly my idea, sity to an effigraphy.' ' I never knew a more' barefaced and trumpnd-up case in the whole - course of my experience, and under the circumstances I'll certainly administer thc most severe punishment thc law allows/' broke in Boyd, laying on to his aoBe with both hands. 4- Fourteeh days in the back cells,11 said Boyd, 'and remember the crime of lying always bringB condign punish ment on the offender. Remove tbe prisoner,' Maples marched Sullivan to the cells, half stupefied at the result of the trial. Let it be here remarked that no word had been men tioned to thc constables as to whether tbcy should shield ' The Vet.' or not, but thc bobbies as a rule had a down on all in formers. These were a dangerous class of convicts. Oftimes these fellows would put up a case thus:— They would combine with one or more to abscond, and, when the timo and place were finally fixed, 41 put tbe job away,' tbat is, they would inform on the poor devils they had made it up with, and so obtain remission of some part of their sentcnoe, or get some other reward for their rascality. In the bad old days the men informed against were flogged, bnt this mode of torture was happily stopped 40 or 60 years since. The last man flogged was by name Joseph Shouter. When Mr JamcB Boyd re moved to Port Arthur from the prison bar racks, Campbell-street, Hobart Town, it was thought by .John S. Hampden, Esq., Comp troller-General of Convicts, and His Excel lency the Linet.-Governor,Sir Wm. Dennison, that under snch a wise and smart com mandant no escapes oould possibly take place from Port Arthur, especially as, in addition to the cone of semaphores round thc peninsula, there was added by Boyd thc line of cir cumvallatiou encircling the settlement, con sisting of watchmen and acting constables, all under sentence, stationed within view of cach other, having a watchbox and signal-staff in charge. If a man was misBcd, or seen to go alone beyond the bounds, the nearest watchman ? ran a ball upon his signal « staff, and John O'Donnal, the signal man at Mount Arthur, would immediately rnn to the semaphore and pull the chains of both top arms till they looked like the letter V. This meant No. 9. He would also draw up thc middle arm on the right haod ; this would read 30, and with the remaining' arm* shot close the numbar displayed road 39. This signal would bo taken up by all the semaphore stations, and as there were constables attached to all thc semaphores the signal man would sing out, ' 39 all round, bolters out,' Then the messages would be sent, eacb taking them down on a slate for the police to read, and act according to instruc tions sent. Seeing thc hope of getting away was reduccd to almost nil in conse quence of the apparent insurmountable diffi culties to be encountered, small blame to the unhappy throng in durance at Port Arthur in thinking twice before they ventured once in escaping bondage by merely running off into the bush. Writers of fiction may draw on their imagination some cleverly put up tales of flight from well-guarded strong holds or such ' careful keeps' as Tasman's Peninsula in general and Port Arthur in particular ; but fiction pales before fact when confronted ; and certain it is tbat, with very few exceptions, convicts were powerless to effect their freedom unless be friended by someone willing and able lo »' help the hclplesB.' In csbcb where the convict had money come-atable the nnder ground route was easily traversed, while men failing the all-important 14 open sesame' would be doomed to disappointment by re capture and extended sentences. When we come to dilate (later on) on the seizures of the Cyprus, brig aud the Lady Franklin, barque, fiction will be very small potatoes alongside of sterling facts. When in ' tbe golden age' the wharves of Hobart Town were lined with brigs and schooners, on whose sides boards told of— ' For Melbourne,' ' William's Town,' 41 Vic toria,' 41 Geelong,' ' Port Albert,' etc., direct, on — day at — , what wonder that thousands released from the terrors of tbe system, armed with the document show ing ' a receipt in full ' for aU the Govern ment expenditure of board and lodging, ' medical comforts (f), spiritual blessings (?j, | and parental care (?) received, with a free passage thrown in, should long with an eagerness akin to frenzy to change the venue, at any rate for a time, and tread the free soil of Australia, So Tasmania, what ever may be argued to the contrary, contri buted by her convicts 'free by servitude' and 41 conditionally pardoned population' to the rush caused by 41 the gold fever.' Many of course settled down and never returned. But unfortunately many of the iocurable criminals periodically crossed thc Straits to Tob and plunder, and even murder, the dig gers of Victoria. They returned frequently with their dishonest ' piles' to knock it down in the pubs of Hobart Town, Launces ton, aod other parts of the colony. This ncfarioas system soon became known, and 41 tbe Djrwenters' were sat ou by the Vic torians in consequence of their crimes on the goldfields, the country roads, and in Mel bourne. The outcome of all tbis was legisla tion on thc subject, and men were prohi bited from landing in Victoria from Tas mania, who had ' been tarred,' uoless they were three years free, and free from crime during that three years. Hence good men, who had made one mistake only in their lives, and men who bad made uo mis take (and these were numerous), but were the victims of scoundrelism, had to suffer for the malpracticcs of the hardened villains who were too cate to be' caught. Many quiet, harmless fellows, with the very best intentions, were brought back to Tassy, clappid into leg-irons, and herded again 1 with terrible, stem-made brutes for no crime, but really a commendable desire to better their condition in life. If that, is not a legislative blunder, productive of heartless cruelty, what is t Some three months or so before ' The Vet' quitted Port Arthur for goo i, Mr Senior Constable Scott ordered ' Tho Vet.' to pro ceed to thc wharf and receive a prisoner sent down in tbe Government schooner ' for 18 months In chains for being found in thc free colony of Victoria before the expira tion of three yean from the date of his cer tificate of freedom.' While marching the prisoner to tbe 'separate treatment cells ' 41 The Vet.' ascertained the facts of this man's arrest. The poor fellow had been to Africa, made a goodly sum of money, and waB anxious to go back agaiu shortly, but with the girl of his heart (wedded) in his company. The gold diggings bad no charm for him; he did not covct tbe yellow metal so much as the one to whom be bad pro mised his love and protection. But she was in bond-land, and a personal appearance was therefore necessary, at least in Australia. Here fate played him false, like 44 The mau in thc margin.' (See artiole No. 3.) That splendid fellow had but three months of his original time to serve ere his freedom could be claimcd, but after eight years' quiet service on the itivcr Styx, New Norfolk, he ' was captured appropriating a pig for food , from Captain Fenton. After the irons had : been examined aud cell reached a confi- ; dential communication wae made by the new comcr to ' Tbe Vet.,' who determined to endeavor to' help the helpless' as soon as pos sible. This determination was coafidccf to Dan.Devinc. an officer of the 'Sugar Bag' stamp, and plans laid accordingly, to be carried out so soon as thc civil commandant shoald think fit to release the unhappy man, and put him into s^me gang. In the mean time William Grahame, per 41 China,' and a lamplighter named Dobsou were pat on the job ; but little or no information was imparted to them, as they were not considered too trustworthy. Be it known Dobson was ic so way related to the legal family of that name, nor even 4-Holy Joe' Dobson, of Buckland. If he ever had any ri-la'ions, they wonld not be proud to own him, when acquainted with the brutal life be led and hia connections, lirabame was qaite an acquisition, and furnished Devine with a tor or cyth^r, to be ub^I in tbe ad venture. This cunning device was contrived with a square and eight parts of equares, and a doable triangle, without basus, thus giving 13 geometrical figures, which, duplicated with a dot in or over them, produced the 26 letters of the alphabet, the dot being used only on the second letter, with no priaters' points, but a small cross at the end of ever/ word, and a circle with a dot in the centre for a completed sentence. Plaus bjing perfected, Devine ra,n up to town, iotcrviuwed Father Terry, and the principal { of the un ierground route. The latter, a . H -threw friend of 'the needy with the need ful, ' declared the job first-class, and promised t3 supply all required, on payment for bis 4- nooiI goods,' even to furui6hing pepper boxes of six chambers (revolvers), for, re marked he, 4( should a shmoshle (row) ensue and the g*ff be blown they might as well die for * seltzer (* priest's oake) as « matter (a common passovcr cake).*1 'Hut if you keep quiet over the transaction then; is no fear of i a miBiamolton (a mishap), ' said Ficey. In due course Devine returned to the settlement ? and informed 'The Vut.'thaton£aturday (a favorite day for bolting) u the job' was -to come off. So far our friend from the region of Vanderdeckcn knew little of thc scheme and nothing of the party to go with him, nor were they made aware of the flood tide in their affairs. They did not dream of the favored few Picked to form that lucky crew. But tbe cypher, with tho key sent after wards, told the story, and the three men selected to join their whilcre friend rc joiced at the prospect of freedom bo un expectedly tendered. As a matter of coune, 11 The Vet.' and Devine were tojbc hand somely rewarded for their trouble, and as there was enough and to spare thero waB no attempt to (best) rob the helpless. On the memorable Saturday, when four men were missing (all in irons) from their gangs, and S9 had been going up round the zone four times. Polished-nosed Boyd was at his wits, end. Bven John Tapp dare not interpose 41 to suggest anything nnder tbe circum stances.' Constables, acting constables, officers, and soldiers were soon on the scour ' about the bush, but darkness came on with no report of capture. Sunday tho same ill luck, and all that week , and the next two or three. ' The four men j had clean gone, either to perish in thc bnsh, or were eaten by sharks,' suggested Tapp at last, and thc civil commandant actually . opined thc same. The history, however, was simple enoogh. A well-equipped fishing boat had left Hobart Town wharf on tho Thursday evening, with two men, supposed to be going on a deep-sea fishing trip. On Friday they were noticed by the Wedge Bay Eolicc pursaing their supposed avocations ; ut the catcheB were returned to the deep oftcr dark, and thc second man run ashore on Brtiuy Island, with instructions how to i get bac^ to town, and paid for a week's work cot done. But ho had no knowledge of the part the boat was to play. In th« darkness the boat, with muffled oars, was pulled into an inlet left unguarded by the . commandant. HercfBig Jim the boatman lay snug and sleeping tiLl late on Saturday night, when the men, as by instructions found him. In a few minutes they were away. Rigged up as fishermen, with wigs furnished by a German barber in Murray street, named A. M. Disseldolf, thc trans formation was complete, and no more was heard of the party until letters came from British America, announcing their safe arrival, supplemented with tbe good news of tbe happy meeting of the lovers ; in risking ber rescue all the trouble had been caused. But all's well that ends well, as one man's grief was three other men's joy. This case is analagous to, but not identical with, a job pat ap with Heavenly Dan, wherein four men, on very similar lines, got away, and, strange to say, Davcy Jooes came from the Cape of Good Hope in the Sarah Sands to rescue an old sweetheart, as the talc ap peared in the Sydney Illvitrated Aetoi, some time back. Jones, very fortunately for himself and others, had over £1000, ac cording to thc story ; hence thc escape of himself and mates was simple enough. During the period the police were fruit* lessly searching for the absconders (thos- 1 sands of miles away), several cpisodeB hap- ' pened ou thc peninsula, notably one which will appear in due coursc under thc title of -4 The Sermon under the Mount ' on thc oc casion of two parties of police meeting at tbe blow-hole, near the Brown Mountains, of whom ' The Vet.' was one of a bush whacking detachment. 41 O bouI of Freedom ! by servitude dis graced, By courage deserted, energy debased, Hoist high tbe bright standard, for Hope Is your light, And tbis be your watchword in danger and flight, O Liberty 1 thou art my star.' , Some wander through a rugged way Forsaken and opprcst ; While others, chcentd by Fortune's ray, Through pleasure's laughing region stray In rainbow colors drcst. 