A COOLGABDIB EXPERIENCE. A writer in the Adelaide Standard gives the following Ooolgardie extraordinary exper ience " As I have often told you, the Western Australian nigger is no beauty, neither is he nf much use, but he has one redeeiniug feature, he can find water in places that no whito man would ever dream of searching for it; but the fellows who hang around camps are not of much real service. The wild tribes in the back couuiry are the useful auimala, but it is no easy matter to get one of those savages to point out a 'soak1 to a white fellow. They will take ull the damper, tobacco, und tinned camel you care to give them, or that they cao steal, and they will readily promise to find * plenty galv bing,' Ae yon know, 4 gabbing* means water in their liquid language, which is about as sweet to listen to as their faces are to look upon. Hut after fooling you round the bush, until they know by the gleam in your eyes that you won't stand them any longer, they suddouly disappear in the bueh, and it is not a healthy sort of amusement bunting tor them when they ouce get a good start in that forest. The prospectors out hack give them a day or two to find water ; if they do not find it then they tie the nigger to a tree and keep him there until he is as dry as the inside of an oyster shell. Then they let him go and follow him. As a rule the coou makes a straight dive for the nearest water. They Buy that the men of their tribe will kill any savage who gives up the secret of these precious water' holes. '* Away beyond Idgery a couple of prospec* tors-one of whom is a well-known Adelaide boy-got clean out of water, and they feared that they had looked their last on the City of | Churches, for they were too far out to bope to get back to any civilised camp before death would put in his claim. " Ae they lay dreaming at the flush of dawn | a footfall as softas the caress of a suowflake on ! a eeam of soot broke the deathlike stillness, a twig broke, and then a sable warrior and his gin glided into the white man's camp, and silently as ghosts began to loot it. Had the whites been sleeping they would never have heard the stealthy marauders. The diggers lay still, and waited for a chance to spring. The chance oame, and the Adelaide man wound his arms around the skinny lege of the warrior. The gin got away, and the 44 Jjuck" kicked and bit and fought, and got half strangled for his pains. " Then he was fed on dry damper and salt fish, and tied to a tree until morning. At daylight he got another ample feed-salt bacon this tioie-and was asked how far ft was from the nearest waterhole. He could talk a mixture of Euglish and nigger dialect, and this is what he zM : "Gindah get up, white pellow walka walka walka, gindah tumble down, white pellow eit down, sleep, make 'em ptenty plour; giodah get up, white pellow walka walka walka, gindah tumble down, white pellow sit down, sleep, make 'em plenty plour; gindah get up, white pellow walka walka walka, gindah tumble down, white pellow get gabbing." This being inter* preted meant that the nearest water was three days1 travel from the spot. The whites would have to be on themove from sunrise to sunset. Giudah means the sun ; when gindah tumbles down it is sundown; white fellow sit down means camp for night. 44 The witnesses did not believe that tale, and they gave the d&rkie; to understand tin* mistakauly that they doubted hiB veracity, but he refused to budge an inch, and they soon saw that he had realised that they were far more in need of water than he was, and he made up his mind to sit the show out. " At midday they shifted him from the shade of the trees and turned his face towards the suu, and left him to think things over, bouud hand and foot to quicken his meutal faculties. At Bunrise nest morning he was as obstinate as formerly, and they were half* dead from thirst, but they dimly understood his little game. His gin had gone off for help to her tribe, and trouble was looming up for them. 44 Then they opened his mouth and stuffed it half-full of salt, and propped his teeth apart with a stick. He stood that for three mortal hours in the sun whilst they stood, revolvers in hand, waiting in the shade watching for the tribe. At last the nigger came to the eonclu* eion that he had better give in or be pickled, and he murmured huskily through hiB baked lips, 4 Me find 'in gabby.1 Then they tied bis hands bohind his back, hobbled him with a rope so that he could walk but not run, covered him with their revolvers, and invited him to procced ; and he did, and at sundown they were queoching their thirst at a good soak, and the black drank like a camel after thirty days1 abstinence. [ VVestralian44 Snake* yarc."-Bo. W.A.] 