SHROUDED m MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY! BY SKTPP BOSLASE, Author of "For True Love's Sake,""Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death, "* 'As OceanSeoret," "Recalled to Life," "Richen to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron?' " Tho Polios Minister," &c.; CHAPTER LXV. GREENWOOD DISCOVEBS TEAT OTHERS ARE MAKING UBE OF THE OLD HOUSE AE WELL AS HIMSELF. Halcamus Greenwood retraced bis way in the dark along the passage just as easily as he had traversed it when carrying a lighted candle in his hand ; and when he reached the bottom of the shaft whose top waa in the seoret chamber of the Nunnery he worked himself up with his hands, feet, and back in much the same way as sweeps used to uoend chimneys. No one but a professional acrobat could have effected, or, in all probability, wonld have even attempted, such .an ascent as that, however, and both his nerves and hia muBoles must have been as strong as steel to bare enabled him to achieve suoh a feat. Passing through the secret chamber he secured the door carefully behind him, and then stood still and listened in the one that had been Ruth's prison. An expression of mingled annoyance and bewilderment crossed his countenance as he once more detected the sound of voices comins up from below ; and what puzzled him more than aught else was that one of them was most unmistakably a woman's olear flute-like tones. Yet this discovery brought some comfort along with it as well, for if Sir Harry Howarth or his agents had tracked him Uther, they would certainly not have brought a woman with them ; wherefore be began to comfort himself with the thought that the intruders must ba a party of homeless wanderers from afar, who, not knowing the ill reputation of the old mansion, had invaded it for a night's shelter, and would, as a matter of course, take their departure with the return of the day. To be seen, even by suoh people, might; however, prove dangerous; ana, at all events, to reveal his presence there to them would be the height of imprudence; so EUoamns Greenwood felt in his pockets to make sore that the stocks of his pistols were handy to his grasp, and then crept as softly as be oould downstairs, intending to effect an immediate retreat and leave no one the wiser. Curiosity, however, is a powerful temptation even to some men, as well as to most women, and, so it was that, arrived on the ground floor, Halcamus Greenwood was seized with an irresistible deBire to learn who the other inmates of the old house, whioh all Rochdalians shunned with snoh horror after nightfall, could possibly be. He therefore approaohed on tiptoes the door of the room whioh they evidently for the present occupied, and as it possessed near the top one of those little insertions of thick green glass, shaped like a human eye, to which our ancestors of the Tudor era seem to have been very partial, he was able to look into the apartment; whilst the newly risen moon penetrated the dirt-grimed opposite window just sufficiently to dimly reveal ta him three figures, and to show that the two male ones wereattired—onelikeagentlemanand the other like a clown, whilst the woman (for a woman there really waa) wore the ordinary costume of a jountry farmer's wife or daughter. Their conversation, however, proved presently to bs much more interesting than their personal appearanoe. "Well, here we are at last," saidhnwho waa dressed like a countryman, and with what sounded like an assumed cheerfulness. "It Beems to me a oosy nest enough, yet though I have gazed upon its exterior many a score of times, how little did I ever think that the day would arrive on which circumstances would compel me to hide away within it. NOD that I regret those circumstances—tbe part wnioh I have played in them I mean—for I take it that no honest man would have acted otherwise." " I regret exoeedingly, though, that all yonr fair prospeots in life have been ruined, and even that life itself plaoed in imminent jeopardy, by the magnanimous and ohiralroos conduct of which you have alone been guilty; for, alas, as guilt of the very deepest dye will the Hanoverian Government, I fear, regard it. Unhappily, too, it looks very much as though the authorities bad guessed the very direction of our flight, or surety the rewards for our apprehension, with a most unpleasantly correot description of our personal appearanoe, would hardly have met our gaze, evidently still damp from the paste-pot, whilst merely skirting the town, whioh was all that we dared venture npon doing." This from the seeming gentleman, and in tones that bespoke an admixture of resignation sa far as he himself WAB concerned, bat of keen commiseration for his companion in misfortune. r The olown, however, responded with a laughing—Yes, it was certainly very strange that, and I'm Bure I never imagined that my feolish head would be valued at five hundred guineas, or that it would be considered more to the advantage of the oommnnity at large that it should be oS my shoulders than on them. But there. there, I have no oooaeion to be vain on that point, for yours is valued at a round thousand, whioh is a much more dignified sjm." "I wish from the very depths of my heart that by surrendering it up I oould secure the. safety of yours," was the reply; to which tbe speaker was evidently abont to add something further had not the female suddenly broken in with a voioe that gave the conoealed listener a strange kind of thrill— "Ob, don't talk of surrendering up your life or as if you abandoned even hope. No one will think of searohing for you in this old haunted mansion, as I have assured you over and over again; and I both can and will keep you supplied with food and every other real essential to existence until an opportunity arrives for your getting away, reaching the coast, and crossing over to France." "Ho, ho !" thought Haloamus Greenwood to himself, "these are Jacobite refugees with a price on their heads, and a most respectable prioe into the bargain. I suppose from this that their little wasps'neBt up at Preston bas been burnt out at last, and that the rebellion is wholly orushed also. It's very strange that I never came across those reward bills whilst looking so keenly for tbe other. Let me think, a thousand pounds and a thousand pounds, aye and five hundred more at the back of them, make the vastly agreeable sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, and I don't see what's to prevent my winning the entire amoant; no, I'll be hanged if I do;" and the oonolusion was such a pleasant oue that he oould hardly represB a chuokle of intense glee. He stilled it, however, for his own safety's sake, and also in order that he might miss no portion of the conversation that was still being carried on. But much to his disgust and disappointment, the trio had now drawn much closer together, and were talking in suoh low tones that he could hardly catoh one word out of every dozen that they uttered. Then after a little while, they, as with one coDEent, came towards the door outside which he was standing, most probably with the intention of further exploring the old house in order to disco*"r which were the most comfortable roomB for habitation. But, whatever their motive W&B;, he knew full well that it would be dangerous for him to remain there any longer, wherefore he beat as hurried and as silent a retreat as possible, by the way both he and they had entered the house, the front door, and leaving it as he had found it, he traversed the weed grown garden, and was just about to make his way through a . gap in the hawthorn hedge into Ghost Lane, when a most Btrange medley of Bounds suddenly burst npon his startled ears. V 