CHRISTIAN BROTHERS' COLLEGE. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Christian Brothers' College, which it is proposed to erect upon their grounds adjoining the Government Domain, in St. George'.terrace, waa performed on Sun- day afternoon by the ' Most Rev, M. Gibney, Roman Catholic Bishop of Perth, in the presence of a large gathering. The gather- ing was representative of the different religious bodies in Perth, and the utmost interest was evinced in the proceed- ings. Among those present were the Very Rev. A. Bourke, V.G, Fathers Keely and Martelli; the, Oblate Fathers Nicoll, Brady, and O'Ryan ; Fathers O'Shea and Drein, and Brothers O'Brien, Quigley, Fitzgerald, and Bradley; Sir J. G. Le»-Steere, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly; Mr. F. C. Faulkner, Head Master of the Perth High Sohool; Mr. H. Briggs, headmaster of the Fremantle Sohool; Mr. J. Horgan, Mr. F. W. Moorhead, etc. The foundation stone, a very large one, from the works of Messrs. Wilsen, Gray and Co., is placed at the north- west corner of the future building, and bears the inscription, "Foundation stone of Chris- tian Brothers'College, laid 3rd November, 1895, by the Most Reverend M. Gibney, D.D.. Roman Catholic Bishop of Perth. M. F. Cavanagh, A R.I.B.A., architect." A platform was erected behind the stone, and upon this Bishop Gibney, with his acolytes and several of his clergy, together with Brother O'Brien, the Principal of the college, took their stand. The speotators, who were very numerous, gathered around, and among them were representatives of several of tbe Catholic : religious societies with their banners, The BISHOP, having said a short prayer, blessed the stone and sprinkled it with holy water. À bottle containing copies, of the West Australian, Daily News, and West Australian Record, and a number of coins, was deposited în a cavity beneath the stone, which was then laid by Dr. Gibney, who said: "I declare this stone well and properly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" Mr. Cavanage, the architect, then made the following statement:- In response to the request of his lordship, I have written with great pleasure a brief description of the building, the foundation stone of which he has laid. The length of the building along St. George's-terrace and along the river frontage will be 130 ft., the east and west, elevations will be 80ft. The building will accommodate 120 boarders, the teaching staff and the household of the college. The provision made for their accommodation will be as follows : Large dormitories, lofty well ventilated and lighted, with lavatories and shower baths attached. A large,refec- tory for the students and a smaller one for the Brothers, with serving room attached, and a lift communicating with the kitchen underneath. Two music rooms, two recep- tion rooms, and a study for the Prinoipal of the college, a library and community room, an oratory overlooking the river frontage, and eight rooms for the Brothers. The en- trance hall is marked by a tower, and the main staircase hall will be immediately be- hind the entrance hall. There will also be a second staircase at tbe back. In the base- ment provision is made for a kitchen, scullery, laundry, pantries, larder, cellar, storeroom, and servants' bedrooms. The building is Gothic in style, with projecting wings on the east and west sides, and a tower and arcaded balconies along the central part. On the river frontage there are balconies overlooking the river. The contractors for the work are Messrs. Ryan and Co., well known local men, who I am sure will give every satisfaction. The materials for the walls will be Cottesloe stone, pressed bricks, and Sydney freestone, and the timber will be jarrah and Oregon; the girders will be steel. This building, taken with the Class rooms already in use, the very complete gymnasium, the large play ground, and the swimming baths and boat shed we hope to see erected in the near future, will make a oollege as complete in every way as any in the Australian colonies. Bishop GIBNEY said it was a pleasure to him, and he was very proud to be called upon to lay the foundation stone for the Christian Brothers, In reply to any criticism which might be made concerning tte performance of the ceremony on the Sabbath day, he ex- plained that we were taught God was the God of Science, and as true reason and true religion were from Him all training in right reason had His appropation as well as although not in the same degree-a training in religion. And as wisdom was from God they looked for His blessing upon this work ; they asked Him to bestow His blessing in a dual capacity on the children that were placed in their charge. And it was because they believed that the work which would be carried on in the school would have the approbation of the Highest that they had no hesitation in dedicating a portion of His day, which was to be kept holy, to a work like this. The building, as they had heard from the architect, was on a sufficiently grand scale, as indeed it should be, to be worthy of the situation it held. It had the pride of place in Perth. It stood next to the wall that enclosed the vice-regal domain, and it would be found that the children trained within it would be taught to be not only true to God, but to be loyal to their country. The Christian Brothers who had charge of it had establishments in Great Britain and Ireland and indeed in almost, every one of the British colonies. They had over 100 establishments in Ireland with about 800 Brothers; in Gibralter five establishments with about 80 Brothers ; in Newfoundland four establishments with 20 Brothers ; in India eight establishments with 40 brothers, and in Australia and New Zea- land 25 establishments with about 150 Brothers, in all about 1,000 Brothers educating over 50 000 pupils in 142 establishments. As regards Australia, it was almost unnecessary to say anything, for those who read the newspapers could see for them selves the giant strides the Brothers' schools and colleges were making in this fair land of ours. Suffice it to say that over 100 of their boys passed the different University examina- tions in the colonies during the past year. Last year 14 boys were sent up for the highest University examination in Adelaide, and all passed with honours, an almost remarkable achievement. Two of them ob- tained an A pass. This was the highest pos- sible result to be attained at the University, The Brothers had what they called direction schools, and he might explain that did not mean that they imposed their our re- ligious teaching upon children who did not belong to their persuasion. This was a rule which was strictly observed in the schools where they had mixed scholars, that no pupil was permitted to remain during the time of any religious instruction when the parents or guardians of the pupil had not given their sanction, and the time of religions instruc- tion was so fixed that no pupil was excluded from the secular instruction given in the school. This was a rule whioh the Christian Brothers followed, because they wished to follow out the principle that the Catholic Church always insisted upon, namely, liberty of conscience. The Church re- quired that everyone should have it. There was no religious denomination that stood out so strenuously for religious equality as the Catholic Church did. She did not allow any interference with conscience. She did not tolerate any persecution for conscience sake. Nowhere could it be said it was sanctioned. It might be said falsely, but only falsely : their principle was that as God gave it to man, it must be preserved as his birthright. Hence he said that while they made pro- vision for having their schools religious, and taught their own children religion, they did not, must not, should not, interfere with the children of others. As they treated others they asked to be treated themselves. Now, he had made two applications to two Ministers of Education, in which he objected to certain forms of religious teaching in schools said to be secular, and both these applioations were fruitless. He got no reply to them. Catholics wanted this liberty : they gave it to others. He expected great things ot this institulion. He knew well the capacity the Christian Brothers had for instruction, and he expected them to realise here all they had done elsewhere, and be thought he might promise on their behalf that there; would be nothing left undone for the children entrusted to them. He wished success to the undertaking they had com- menced that day, and that the Brothers and the children might prosper :. that the work now commenced might not cease until it was completed. He knew it would be pressing hard upon the Brothers, but he intended to press hard upon them. (laughter.) He had given them this splendid situation-one well worthy of the house they intended to build upon it-and having done so much he thought he bad a right to expect a good return. He had given them the land. Wherever it came from, he gave them £500-(laughter and applause) - towards the building, and he trusted that with the generous assistance they would receive throughout the colony, they would not have to stop the work until it was completed. (Applause.) Mr. J. HORGAN read congratulatory letters and messages from Father Mateu, of Albany, Mrs. Deacon, of Perth, and Mr. T.F. Quinlan, the first two enclosing donations. Mr. Horgan expressed his own pleasure at being con- neoted with the work and to show his appreciation of it he gave a donation of £25. The subscriptions then poured in, many of the sums varying from £21 to £5, while there was also a goodly number of lesser amounts, A number of the visitors were then enter- tained by the Brothers with refreshments, after which they spent a pleasant half-hour in inspecting the gymnasium, the grounds, and other places of interest. 