DR. IZARD. By anna katherine green. Am-non op "The Leavenworth Case," "Be hind Closed Doors," "The Forsaken Inn," " The Defence of tiib Bride" (roEM). Chapter XII. Dr. Ir.rd had of late presented a mors oheer- ful appoaranoe. His stop was lightor and his faoo loss generally downcast. Ho oven was eo. n to arailo one morning at tho antioB of some ohlldron ; an unprcoedont thing in his history, ouo would think, from the antonishmont It caused among tho gossips. Ho had boon called away several timos during tho month, and tho oard with tho word " Absent" on it was vory ofton to bo seen hanging bosido hi. door. People grow tired of this, though thoy knew it meant famo and money to tho dootor, and tho newly iladged pbysioian from Boston, whoso offlco was at tho othor ond of th. town, prospered in conoequonco. But Dr. Izard only scorned relieved at this, aud camo nnd went, as I havo said, with a lass gloomy, if not positively brightonod, oountonauoe. Ho hod always lropt for himself ono solitary plaoo of resort in tbo villogo. Without this refuge it had ofton cconiod to him ho would die. It was— strango to say, for tho Izarda had always boon arlotooratio— tho bumble bous. of the villag. shoo maker, a slmplo, but highly respected man, who, with his aged wife, had been, from sheor worth of olmraoter, a decided faotor in town for the last 25 years. Tbo littlo houeo in whioh ho lived and plied hia useful trade stood on tho hill side a fow yards aboro the FiBbor oottngo, nnd it was in his frequent visits to this spot that Dr. Hard had seen so much of Polly. " Tho window in whioh ho usually sat over looked tho Fiabor garden, and as his visits had oxtondod over years, ho had had ample opportu nity for obsorving her growing boauty, from til. timo she was a outly headed imp of 4 to tho day sho faced tho world a- gay hearted damsel of 18. It had boon a mattor of some mystery in tho past why Dr. Izard with his trainod mind and elegant tastes affected this humbio home and sought with suoh assiduity tho companionship of this worthy but by no moans oultured aouplo. Rut tiiis, together with other old wonders, had long lost its hold upon public attontion, no ono thinking of inquiring any longor into tho causo of a habit that had hecomo so flxod that it was regarded as part of tho villngo'o history. Ono effect, however, remained. No ono thought of entering tho shoemaker's aliup while Dr. Izard oat there. It would have been thought an in- ; trusion by both guest nnd host. Mr. nnd Mrs. Fanning, who had th.msolv.s long consod to wonder at his proforcnce for tholr society, invariably stopped their work when ha entered, aud grcetod him with the same words . of wclcomo thoy hod used 14 years ogo whon ha had unexpectedly taken a scat in tho chop without having been summoned for professional purposes. Aftpr whioh necossory ceromony, thoy turned again to their sevtial lnbora, and tho dootor sat down in his especial scat,, whioh, I have said, was in ono of tho windows, and lapsed into the silence ho invariably maintained for half iiis stay. The timo eho.acn for his visit was usually nightfall, nnd whother it was that ' the oliarms of naturo wore unusually attraotira to him at that hour, or whothor something or somghody in the adjoining gardens ssoretly In teracted him, ho invariably turned Ids eyos out ward, with an expression that seared tho heart -of thojfild lady who watohed, him and caused .fanny, sjglanoo of seoret intelligence to pass bqtweW hor and har equally oonoerned hus band. / Not until it was quito dark and tho lights bad been lit in the shop would tbo doctor tnrn about, often witha sigh too ttneonsoious to he repro.sed, nnd face again tho humbio couple. But when he did so, it was to oharm them with tho most cordial and delightful conversation. Thoro was evon sparklo in it, but it wos only for this aged pair of workers, whoso wit was sufficient for approbation, and whoso heart rospondcil to ovary effort mode to interest them by their muoh rovorcd visitor. Aftor a quarter of nu hour of this hearty interchange of neighborly comment, he would leave tho houso to como again a few ovenings later. But onp evoning there was a break in tbo usual order of things. Tho dootor was sitting, as ho had seta hundred times before, iu his ohoic by tiie window, and Mr. Fanning was hammering away at bis bonoli and Mrs. Fanning reading The Watchman, whan thore camo a sound of voices from the front, and the door burst open to the loud ory of— "Oh, Mrs. Fanning, Mrs. Fanning, auoh news I Ephroim Earlo has oome back. Ephraim Earlo, whom we all thought dead 10 years ago." Mrs. Fanning, who, with all hor virtues, dearly loved a bit of gossip, aud who knew, or thought sho did, everything that was going on in town, ran withont once looking round her to tho door, and Mr. Fanning, who could not but fool startled also hy an ovent so unexpeoted and so long looked upon as impossible, started to follow her, when something mado him look, hack at tho dootor. Tho sight that met his eyes stunned him, and caused him to pause tremb ling whero ho was. In all tho years bo lmd seen Dr. Izard lie had nover seen him look as he did at that moment. "Was it surprise that effected him, or was it fear, or somo othsr incomprehen sible emotion? Tho good old man could not toil ; hut ho wished the doctor would speak. At last tho doctor aid, and tuo Hollow tones ho used mode tho aged shoemaker rocoil. "What is this? What aro they talking about? Thoy mentioned a name? Whoso nnmo? 'Not Polly's father's?" "Yos," fnltorod his startled companion. "Ephraim Earlo ; thoy say ho has oomo baok. Shall I go and seo?" Tho dootor nodded ; it seemed as if ho had no words at his oommand, and the shoemaker, glad to bo released, hastened, hobbled, from tha loom, As liis half bent figure vanished, the dootor, as if rolenscd from a speli, looked about, shuddered, grasped the taklo nearest to him for support, and then burst into a laugh so strange, so discordant, and yot so thrilling with emotion, that had not a dozen mon nnd woinon boen all talking togothcr in the hall it would have beta heard aud commented on. As it was ho was loft alone, and it was not till several minutos had elapsed that Mrs. Fanning came rushing in, followed by her dazed and somowhat awe struak husband. "O doctor, it is true 1 it is true ! 1 have jnst soon him ; ho is standing at the oorner by Fisher's. Polly is up at tho houso — you know alio was to opon it to-day. They say sho is moro frightened than pleased, and who oan ' wondor? .Ho looks liko a weatherbeaton tramp 1" "No, no," shouted someone from the room boy ond ; " like a gentleman who haa been oiok and who has had a lot of troublo, bosido." " Oomo and seo him," callod out a shrill voice, ovor Mrs. Fanning's shoulder. "You used to know him, dootor. Como and soo i Ephraim Eurle." The dootor, with a ourl of his lip, looked up and mot tho sxoitcd cyos that were contemplat ing him, and slowly remarked : "Your wits have certainly all -gone wool gathering, I don't boliove that Ephraim Earlo has returned. Somo man has boon playing a triok upon you." "Then its tho ghost of Ephraim Eario, if it's not hluiBclf," insisted the other, as tho whole group, sinking tlioir awe of the dootor in tho in terest and excitement of tho raomont, cams crowding into tho shop. "And a very vigorous ghoBt too I Ho is bound to have bis rights ; that you oan coo." " But ho won't annoy his daughtor. Did you hear what lie said to the ohild up thoro hy tho lilac buehoe?" And then they all chattered, eaoh striving to give his or her own viowa of tho situation, till a sudden vigorous " Hush I" brought them all to ' an abrupt standstill and sot tbsm storing nt the dootor with wido opon eyes nnd months. "You aro all noting liko ohililren," protested that gontleman, with his wliito faoo raised and lila eyes burning fiercely upon tliom, "I say that tha man la an impostor 1 Why should Ephraim Earlo oomo baok ?" "And why shouldn't he?" askod another. "Answer us that, Dr. Izard. Why shouldn't tho man oomo baok? Hasn't ho a daughter bore?" "With money of her own?' Just tho same j amount, thoy oay, as he onoo ran off with ?" " I toll you again to bo quiot I" It was still the dootor who was talking. "If you aro datt - yoursolves, do not try to make other people so. Where is this fellow? I will noon show you ho is not the man you mention." "I don't know how you will do It," objeoted one, as tbe group fell back beforo tlio doctor's advancing figure. "lie's as like him as one pea ia like another, and he rcmombcru all of ui, and oven chattered with Mother Jessup about her worsted socks." "Fools 1" came from benoath the doctor's sot lips, as he strode from tho door and passed rapidly into thee highway. "Here, you!" he oriod, acooHting tho man who waj the centre of a group some rods away. " Coma up bore. I want to speak to you. " The hermit, or shall we oall him Bphrajm Earle, liko tbe rest, turned as tho dootor's voioe rang down the road, and recognising tlio some what rough summons, stepped obligingly up the road. The neighbors who had flocked into the street to watch tho meeting, eaw the doctor's lip ourl 09 tbo wretched figure advanced. This man, Ephraim Earle 1 Why had be eallcd theso credulous oreatures fools? They were simply madmen. But in another moment his oounten- aqcg ohnnged. The miserable fellow had paused, and was standing a fow rode off, surveying tho dootor with what could not be called other than a look of old comradeship. " I do not wonder, sunno meg, that you arc loth to recognise me," bo cried. "You have walked the straight nnd narrow path since I left you, while I " He mAde no attempt to hide tho depth to whioh ho had fallen, out Bought to pass it off with a smile. At tho smile, and at tbe oaballstio word whioh he bad used, a word whioh reoalled a past event known, as ho oould swear, to no one else save Polly's father and himsolf, the dootor reeled and surveyed tho speaker with something liko horror ; then he stepped firmly up to him, and looking bim squarely ia the eyes vooife- rated with stern emphasis : " I don't know who you are or what your same is ; but you arc not Ephraim Earle nor aro you Polly's father. I kuew that man too well to be deceived by you." " Indeed ! " was the sarcastio return. " Well, yon are not the great physician they call you, or you would know whet 14 yoars at French gam ing tables can do for a man. You don't want to know me, Oswald Izard, my wife's death was too sudden and too poouliar." It was a master stroke, that Inst insinuation, whatever gave it its point and venom. , Tho doctor, who bad worked himself up to a white heat, Hushed as if a blood vessel had burst in his brain, and drawing back, stepped slowly from beforo tho other's steady and openly tri umphant gaze, as ono would retreat beforo the eye of & basilink. Not until ho reaohed the out skirts of tho crowd did ho reoover himiolf and then ho stayed only to cry, with a wild sweep of his Arm : " Ho looks like a tramp, and he talks liko a villain. Be careful what credit you givo him. And above all, look after Polly Earle / " CHAPTEn XIII. It was now nearing 8 o'clock, and as Br. Izard strode on through tho village strode, see ing no one, and hearing no one, though more than one person respectfully acoosted him, the twilight deepened so rapidly, that it wee quite dark when ho passed tbe ohurob and turned up the high road to his own house. It was dark and it was chilly, else why should so strong a man as he shiver? — .ho dark that the monuments over tho wall wore hardly to be discerned, and bo had to fumble for the gate bo usually found without trouble. Yot when bis hand finally fell upon it, and he incehanically lifted tho latob, he did not pass through at onoe, bat lingered, almost with a oownrd's hesitation, finding difficulty, as it seemed, in traversing the dismal path beforo him to the no loss dismal door beyond, and tho aolitudo that there awaited bim. But he passed tho gate at last, And groped his way along the path towards his home, though with lingering footsteps and frsqusnt pauses. Dread was in his every movement, and when he stopped it was to dutch tho wall at his sido with one hand, and to push the other out before him as though to ward off some threatened dan ger or avert somo expected advance. In this attitude he would become, as it were, frozen, and sevoral minutes would elapse before he stumbled on again. Finally, he reaohed his door, and unlooking it with difficulty, threw himself into the house shuddering, and uttering an Involuntary cry as a limb of a vine olutohed him. \- Ashamed of his weakness, for he presently saw what had caught him by the arm, lie drow a deep breath, and tried to shut the door. But it would not close. Somo obstruction— a trivial one no doubt— slopped it, and he being in an excited state tore at it with looks of horror, till his strength conquered and ho both shut and looked the door. He was trembling all over when he had accom plished this, and groping for a chair ho sat down In it, panting. But no sooner had he taken his sept than the dim panes of tho window struck his sight, and bounding to his feet, ho drew down the shade, as if be would Bhut out tbo whole world from his view, and tho burying yard first of all. Quite isolated now nnd in uttor darkness, ho stood for a few minutes drawing deep breaths and cursing his own fears and pusillanimity. Then he struck a light, and breathing oasier, as the familiar interior broko upon his sight, he sat dowo at his dok and tried to think. But though he was a man of great intelleotual powers, he seemed to find it difficult to fix his thoughts or oven to remain quiet. From moment to moment ho would start and peer over his shoulder — always in tho dircotion of the graveyard, as if ho feared to hear Rome sound there or dreaded tbe approaoh of ho hardly kuew what Suddenly he leaped up, went to the mirror and surveyed himself. But the sight only frightened him, and ho eamo baok to tbe desk, took up a book and sought to read. But the attempt was futile. With a low ory he flung tbo book aside, arid, rising to his feet, began to talk, uttoring low and fearful words from whioh he seemed himself to .recoil without possessing the power of stoo ping them. The name of Ephraim Earle mingled often with these words, and always with that new, short laugh of his so horrible to hear. And onoe ho spoko another name, but it was said so softly that only from the tears whioh gashed impetuously from bis eyes, oould it bo seen that it stirred the deepest chords of his \- nature. Tbe clock, whioh lagged sorely that night, struck 11 at last, and the sound seemed to rouse him, for lie glauoed towards his bed But it was only to ory "Impossible!" and to oast a hunted look about tho room whioh seemed liko a prison to him. Suddonly he flew towards the green door, and began to pull at its hasps and fastenings. Keck- less of the result of those efforts he shook a small heathen god from its pedestal so that it fell rattling to ths floor and lay in minute pieces 7 at his feet. But he did not heed. Reokleasly ho pres'sed open the door, recklessly he passed into' the spaoo beyond, but onoe out of tbo room, onoe in another atmosphere than that peopled by his imagination, he oeomed to grow oalmer, and after a short survey of the narrow hall in whioh ho found himself, and a glance up the tiny spiral staireaso rising at his right, he stepped baok into the office and took up tbo lamp. Cariying it with bim up the narrow stairoase, he set it down in the ball above; and without looking to right or left, almost without noting the desolation of these midnight halle, ho began paoing the floor back and forth, with a restless, uneven tread far removed from his usual alow and dignified gait. At early morning ho was still paoing there. Chaptbh XIV. " Oh, Clarke, wait ! tbero is the dootor now." It wa Polly who was speaking. She had come as far as the church in her search after Dr. Izard and bad just seen him issuing from his own gate. " He has a bag in his hand ; ho is going on one of his journeys.,' "No, no," she protoitod, " I cannot have it ?" and boundiug forward, she intercepted tho doctor, just as bo was about to step into his buggy, "Oh, doctor, you aronotgoingaway ;you aro not going to leave me with this dreadful trouble ; don't, don't I pray." Tho dootor, who in his abstraction had not noted her approaoh, started at the sound of her voioe, and turning, showed her a very haggard face. " "Why," she cried, stepping back, " you are ill yourself." "No," he answered shortly, drawing himself' up with bis old reserved manner. " I had but littlo sleep last nigbt, but l am not ill What do you want, Polly ?" "Oh, don't yon know what I want? You of all tho town have said ho was an impottor ! To you then, I corns as to my only hope ; speak, speak, is he not my father?" The doctor, with a side glance at Clarke, who bad remained in tbe background, drew the girl's hand within his arm and led her a few stops away. But it scorned an involuntary movement on his part, for he presently brought her back within eay earshot of her lover. "Ho does not Took to me like Ephraim Earle," he was snying. "He has not his oyes, nor docB his voice sound familiar. I do not ueo why any one acknowledges him." " But they can't help it. He knows every body and everything that was in tho house. I — I thought you had some good reason, Dr. Izard, something that would make it easy for mo to deny his claims." "You" — tho dootor's sleepless night soemed to have had a strange effect upon him, for he stammered in speaking, he who always was so oold and preoise— " you thought" — ho began; but presently broko into that now, strange laugh of his, and, urging Polly towards her lover, ho addressed his questions to the latter. Doss this man," he asked, "make serious olaim upon the Earlo name and its rights?" Clarke, who was always sensible whon in Dr. Izard's prcsoneo of something intangible but positive, that noted like a barrier between them, and yet wbo strangely likod tbe dootor and revered bim, summoned up his courage, and responded with the respect ha really felt. " Yes," he said, "but with a certain reaorve, that is our best reason, perhaps, for bolioving him. He promises not to moloat Polly, nor to mako any demands upon her until she herself recognises her duty." The frown whioh darkened tho dootor's faoo deepened. " He is a deep one, then," said he, and stood "If he is an Impostor, yes," assented Clarke ; " but Lawyer Crouse, who talked with him half an hour last night, aoaepted him at onoe ; and so did Mr. Sutherland." Mr. Sutherland was tho baptist minister, and a very muoh thought of man in this quiet place. "The fools 1" muttered the dootor as mnoh in anger as amazement; "has tho whole town reached its dotage?" Clarke, who noemed surprised at tho doctor vehomenoc, remnrkod quietly : " You were Mr. Earle'e best friend If you say that this man is not be, there would, of oourse, be many to listen to you." But the doctor, resuming his aooustomod ex pression of retioence, refused an answer to this suggestion, at which Polly's face grew very white, and she grasped his arm imploringly, Baying as alio did so : " I cannot bear tbis uncertainty ; I cannot benr to think there is any question about this matter. If be is my father I owe him every thing ; if he is not—" "Polly?" the dootor spoke coldly, but not unkindly. " Marry Clarke ; go with him to Cleveland, where he has tho promlso of a fine position, and leave this arrant nrotonder to settle his rights himself. Ho will nob urge them loug when he finds the mouey gono for whioh he is striving." " You bid me do that ? Then you know he ib not my father." But tlio dootor, instead of answering with the vigorous yes she had expeotod, looked aside, , and murmurod carelessly " I have said that I saw no likoncan in him to tho man I once knew. Of courso my judgment was hurried ; our interview was short and I was laboring nnder the shook of his appeAranoo. Bnt if everybody else in town recognises him as Ephraiin Earle, I must needs think my opinion was warped by my surprise nnd tho indignation I felt at what I considered a gross piece of pro- sumption. " "Thi-n you do not know," quoth poor Polly, her head falling lower and lower on her breast. "No," cried tbe dootor, turning shortly at the word, and advancing onoe more towards the buggy. But at this move Bhe sprang nnd sought again to detain him. "But you will not go and leave me in this dreadful uncertainty," she pleaded. "You will stay and have another talk with this man, and satisfy yourself and me that he is indeed my father." But tbo storn line into whioh the dootor's lipi settled assured her that in this regard he was not to bo moved; and frightened, overawed at the prospeot before her, she turned to Clarke and oriod : "Take me homo; tako me baok to your mother ; sbo in the only person who can givo mo any comfort." Tbe doctor, wbo was slowly proceeding to his horse's head, looked baok. "Then you don't like my advice?" he omiled. She stated ; remembered what he had said, and answered indignantly : "If this poor, wretched, wicked eyed man is my father, and I should never havo doubted it if you had not dcolorod before all -the town people to the contrary, then I would bo a ooward to desort him and esek my happiness in a placo whero he oould not follow mo." "Even if he la wicked as his looks say?" "Yes, yes, even if ho is wloked. Who can say what oausod that wickedness?" , Tho doctor, fumbling with the baiter, stopped and seemed to muse. " Did you ever see your father's pioture bang ing up in the old oottage ?" " Yes, I saw it yesterday." "Did that have a wioked.look?" "I do not think it had a good look." This was said very low, but it made tho dootor start. " No ?" ho exclaimed. "Itmadomo feel a littlo unpleasant, as if somothing I oould neither understand, nor sym pathise with, met mo in my father's smile. It made him more remote and prepared me, per haps, for the heartless figure of the man who In tho next few minutes olaimod mo as his daughter." " Strange !" came from tho dootor's lips ; and his fao% whioh had bsen hard to road from the first, beo&mo; moro and more inBOrutable. "My mother, who is as wise as sbo is gontlo, advises Polly to givo up the cottage to her fatbor ; but not to live in it with bim, till hie oharacter is hotter understood and his inten tions made manifest" "Then your mother," began tho dootor, " sees this man in tho same light as othcra do ?" "She thinks him to be Ephraim Earle cer tainly. It is not natural for her to think other wise under the oiroumstancos." " I do indeed stand alone," quoth the dootor. "When I told her what you had said, she looked amazed, but sho said nothing to show she had changed hor opinion. I do not think anyone was really affeotod by your .words." Something in the tono in whioh this was said showed whero Clarke himself stood. A bitter smile crossed the dootor's lip, and he seemed more than ever. anxious to bo gone. "Ishollbe away,". ho Baid, "several days. When I como back I shall hope to soe tbis thing Bottled." "I hatobim," burst from Polly's lips. "I fttn terrified at tho thoughts of him, but in my inner consciousness I know bim to be my fattier and I shall try and do my duty by him, shall I not, Clarke?" Clarke, who had folt himself almost utjncoes- aary in this soene, grasped at the opportunity whioh this appoal gave him, and 'took her tenderly on his arm. " We will try and do our duty," ho corrootcd, " praying Providenco to help ua." And the dootor, looking at tho -two, sprang into bis buggy nnd was driving off, when be roso and flung baok at them this final word of paternal advico : "He is tbo ohumant; you are tho ono is possession. Lot him prove himself to bo the man ho say." Clarke, dropping Poliy'sarm, sprang after tbe dootor. " Wait one moment !" he orled. " What do you call proof ? You, who knew him so well in the past, toll ub how to make sure that bis pre tensions aro not false." The dootor, drawing up his horse, paused for n moment in deep thought "Ask him," he whispered at last, "whero tho medal is whioh was presented to him by the Freuoh Government. It was of bronze, and useless to raise money upon. If, then, ho is Ephraim Earle, he will be able to produoe it. Till ho does, I advise you to cborish doubts ; and above all to keop that innocont aud enthusiastic young girl out of bis clutches." And with a smile it would take moro than Olarko's young experience with tbe world to understand, muoh less to explain, the dootor whipped up his horse and disappeared down tho road towards the station. (to bk continued.) 