A COOLGARDIE EXPERIENCE. AN EXTRAORDINARY STORY. A writer ia the Adelaide Standard gives tbe followiag Coolgardie extraordinary ex* perienoe:-. "Ae I have opten told you, the Western Australian nigger is no beauty, nei.har is he of much nie, but be has ene redeeming feature, he can find water in places that no white man would ever dream of searching for it ; but the' fellows who hang around camps are not of muon real service. The wild tribe in the back country are the useful animals, but it is no easy matter to get one of thoBe savages to point out a 'soak' to a white fellow. They will take all the damper, tobaooo, and tinned oamel you care to give them, or that they oan Bteal, and they will readily promise to find 'plenty gabbing.* As you knDw 'gabbing' means water.in their liquid language, whioh is about as sweet to listen to aa their faooe are to look upon. Sut after fooling yon rcund tho bush, until they know by the gira n in your eye that you won't stand them any longer, they suddenly disappear in the bush, an.i it is not a h althy sort of amusement hunting for them when they once get a good start In that fopetW Tb» |>rotipôot»Ti out back give them a day or > Wo to find water j if they do not find it then they tie the nigger to a tree arid keep nim there nntil he ia dry as the inside of an oyster sholl. Then they let him go and follow him. Aa a role the coon mak«s a a'raight dive for the nearest water. They say that the men of their tribe will kill any savage who gives np the seoret éf these precious water holes. ''Away beyond Idgery a oonple of pros* peotors-one of whom ÎB a well-known Adelaide boy-git clean ont of water, and they feared that they h jd lo kel their last on the Oity of Churches, for they wera too« far ont to hope to get ba k to any civilised oamp before death would pat in hi« claim. " As they lay dreaming at the flash of dawn a footfall soft as the oar^es of a snowflake cn a seam of soot, broke the dvSta-lika saltness, a twig broke, and thea a sable warrior and his gin glided into the white man's camp, and silently as ghosts began to loot it. Had the whiteB been sleeping they would never have heard the etealtby maraud rs. The diggers liy still and wait sd tit a ohanoe to spring. The ohanoe came, and the Adelaide man wound his arms around the skinny legs of ! the warrior. The gin got aw¿y and the ' buck ' kioked and bit and fought, and gat half strangled for his pains. " Tbeu be was fed on dry damper and salt fish, and tied to a tree nntil mouing. At daylight he got another ample feed-*¿alt bacon this time-and was asked how far it WBB from tho near Cst witer-bole. Hi could talk a ntixtdre of fiaglieb and nigger dialect, and this is what hi said i-Gr udah gd'J dp, White p^lbv walka walbft walba, gindah tumble down, whit) fellow sit down, sleep, make *m plenty plour ; gindth get np, white pel'ow walka-walka-walka, gindah tumble down, white pellow eit down, sleep, make 'm plenty plour; giudih get up, white pellow walka-walka-walka, gindah tumble down, white pellow git gabbing.' This being inter- preted meant that the nearest water was three days travel from that spot. The whites wou'd have to be on ihe move f om sunrise to suce t. Gndab. meaas the eon ; when gindah tumbles down it is sundown ; whits fellow eit down moans camp f <r night. "The witnesses did nut believe that tale, and they gave the darkie to understand unmis- takably that they doubted bis veracity, bat he refused to budge an inoh, anl they soon saw that he had realised that th y were far more in need of water than he was, and be made up bis mind to sit tba show dat. « At midday they shifted bini from the shade of the tr<« add turned bis fáoe towards the snn and left him to think things' Overj bound hand and foot to qnioken bis mental faoulties. AtBuurise next morning he was as obs'inate as formerly, and they were half orazy from thirst, bat they dimly understood his little gards. His gin had gone off for help td her tribe, and trouble was looming lip for them. "Then they opened bis month and sinned it half-full of aalt, and propped his teeth apart with a stick. He stood that for three mortal hours in the sun whilst they stood revolvers in hand, waiting ia the shade watching for the tribe; At last the nigger (isms to the oonojusiori that be he>d better give in Or be piokléd, and be murmured huskily through his baked lips, ' Me find 'm gabby.' Then they tied his bands behind his baok, hobbled him with a robe so that he oiuld walk but not run, covered him with their revolvers, and invited him to proceed ; and h) dd, and at sundown they weie quenching their thirst at a good soak, and tbe bl .ok drank like a camel after thirty days' abstinence," 