BITS OF SEASONING. m At the Hospital meeting on Wednes day, mention wss made that a well-known carrying firm charged Is 4d interest for an aocount of £1 12s due only for a month, ' An impndent charge,' blurted out an indignant committee man. A lni)v mra khnw lavn nnthinff nan induce her to eat cross-buns, as they are sure to disagree with bsr. It is strange that tbe Newtown people did not elect Frank Cotton without a con test. Of conns Cotton ought to have been elected right off the reel. W« bear a gentleman is going to send a pair of tailed monkeys for presentation to and the iocai park Their names will be '?Mr and Mrs Caudal.' A baxoarian ring- birked' one of the cedar trees in -the local park lately, and the Narandera Council has offered a substantial reward to persons detecting such vaga boa'ds. The money will fetch out a few ' informers.' A Sydney paper, alluding to the unem ployed loafer (?) says 'it ia be wbo flocks' sround tbe Queens statue, Parlia ment House, and so forth. How delight ful to be able to flock all by yourself. It recalls tbe boald Irish soldier who, ' took six Frenchmen prisoners by surrounding them.' A money-lender said be has never been issids a church since the day he looked in at hymn time, and beard them singing, ' With one par cent, let all the earth,' and he did not want to hear any more. This .is a poser for 'Augur's Ghost,' who, writes the sporting mems in the ' Argus.' ' I am not in the least aston ished st its being said,'' remarked a lady wbo takes an interest. in racing 'that csrtain horses tarn out regular flyers, bs cause I eften heard of mares' Beats. We heard one recently remark . that the mar. Sundot csuld stay for ever. She etsyed bshind.sev.ral times {at the start ing post), at tb» late N.T.O. race meet ing: Bir George Dibbs has been nominated by the trustess for tbe position of manag ing director by the Government Ssvings Bank, in the piece of Mr Wise. It is subject to :MinisUrial sanction, end the billet mesas £1500 a year. Sir Georg. has intimated he will accept tbe billet. Special facilities will be allowed to pestoralists to reineva their stock by rail, to distr'cle where feed ia more plentiful, and the Railway Commissiooers will allow a reduction of 25 par cent on the ordinary rate? nf carriage. M'Flhone, M.P., was removed from the Hou«. on Tuesday. When interrupted by -Mr Fiupatriok, M.P., for Uylstona, Mar aeeussd. hisa ot poiteeaiiig 'an evil aye.' Tbf chairman called tbe member tor Woolloomoolop to -order, buj iDstaad of conplying, said he wpnld protect himself isnd he was bundled onl by thsStrgeant ai-Armn. 