TALIS AND SKETCHES. SONS OF FIRE. Bt MISS BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audrey's Secret," "The Fatal Three," " The Day Will Come," "The Dootoh's Wife," "Thou Art the Man!" Ao. all riqh1e reserved. Chapter XXI.— "And That T7nre3t Which Men Miscall Delight." Allan went back to Matohnm sobered by grief, and longing for the comfort bis betrothed oould give him, tbo oomfort of sympathy and goatla words, the deeper, comfort in tho assurance of nor love. ' Suzette looked very pale in her blnok frock- when Allan appeared at Marsh Hones for the flrec time after bis bereavement. Tliey stood side by sido in the grey light of a hopelessly dull day, finding but littlo speech in the sadness of this first meeting. " My darling, you havo been grieving for my grief," bo said tenderly, looking Into tho dark eyes, noting the tired look as of many tears, the sbsrper line of the check, tbo settled pallor, where a lovoly oarmioe bad been wont to como and go like warm light. " My dearest, yon have lost all your roses — and for my sake. For mo thorn dear eyes havo known sleepless nights, tboso lovely ohceka have grown pinched and pale. " "Do yon think that I oould help being sorry for yon, Allan," bIio murmured, with downcast eyelids. "Yon had no other oauBo for sorrow, I hope." "No, no, only in every llfo tbero are saddon- ing intervals. I was sorry for your enko — sorry that I was never to seo your father again, I liked him so muoh, Allan. And then somehow I got into a low apiritod way, and old Dr. Pod- more gave me a tonio wliioh made my head ucbo. I don't know that it hod any othor olloot." "Suzette, it was cruel of you not to toll mo that yon wore ill." " Ob, I was not to say ill. Why ehonld I worry you about such nonsense? I woe only holow par. That is what Dr. Podmoro called it. But pleaso don't talk about mo, Allan. Talk to me of yourself and of your poor mother. She la coming to stay with you, I hope ?" " Yes, she is coming to me nest week. How is Mrs. Woruook? Do yon go to her as mnob as oror ?" " Almost as muoh. She seems so dependent upon mo for aampanionsbip, poor son). I nm the ouly girl she has taken to — as people asy." " What a wise woman to choose the most oharming girl in tho world." ' " If yon said In the Matcham world, it would not ho a stupendous oomplimcnt." " Nay, I mean tho world. I ohallengo the universe to produce me a scoond Suzette. And Geolfrey, your violin player, has ho been much at home?" " Not vory much. Please don't call him my violin player I have not played n Hlngle aecompanimint for him sigoo you objeotcd. I have been very dutiful." "Don't talk of duty. It is lovo that I wont, love without alloy ; lovo which, being full of foolishness Itself, can forglvo a lover's baseless jealousy." " Allan, havo I ever bosn unforgiving?" "No, you have borno with my tempers. Yon have heon all that is kind and awoot — but I soinotimss wish you would ho nngry with mo. Would that there wore n girl in Matohnm hand some enougli to admit of your jealousy I How desporatoly I would flirt with that girl !" Hor wan amilo was not oneournging. "Is lie still as dovotad to his Dildls? Does ho talk of Tartlnl, Spontini, de Beriot, as othor Rlon talk of Salisbury or Gladstone?" " I havo socn vory littlo of him ; but ho Is a fanatio about music. He inhoritu his mother's passion/ "His poor mother," slgliod Allan. "She is so fond of you— almost as fond as sho Is of liar own son." "Thnt's not possihlo, Suzie." Well, the son must ho first, of course ; hut, indeed, she is very fond of you, Allan." 1 Dear soul, it is for old sakes' sake. I'll toll you hor poor little u\nocont soorot, Suzie. You, who are tho othor haif of my soul, havo a right to know all things whioh gravoly interest me. Ouly you must he diserotlon itself, and you must never breathe a word of Mrs. Wornock's story to my mother." And thon he sat down by hor sido in the com fortable oornor by tho old fashioned firoplaoo, fenced off from nil tho outer world by a Japa nese soroen, on wliioh Olioti and an army of smaller dovils grinned ami oopored ngainat a olnok satin background, and he told hor ton- uorly, but only in oullino, tho story of his fatlior's first lovo, and Esperauza's nll-too-wil- llng sacriGoo. "It was generous— but a mistako," ho said In conclusion. " Slio gave up her own happiness, dnshed away the oup of joy whon It wa« at her ti„n T rbly and she spoilt Sueh sacrifices never answer, " y.ox-'o'y toiiove that, Allan?" asked Suzetto, looking t him with a startling inten- "»«/ d I hnvo novor known a oase in whioh self surrender of that kind has euded well. A man and woman who love oach other should be true to eaoh other and their mutual love. All worldly considerations should ho as naught. If a man truly lovos a beggar girl, let him marry her ; anddon t lot the beggar girl draw back under tho Idea that ho would do boltor by marrying a duohoos." " Bat if two pooplo love oaoh othor— who are otherwiso bound and fettered, who oannot be happy without breaking older lies " that is & different thiug. Honor comes into the quostion, and there must bo sacrifices. Tbo world would be a pandemonium if inclina tion went before bonor. I am talking of lovs weighed against worldly wisdom) against poverty, against rank, race, wealth, Tou can understand now why Mrs, Womock'a Uoart wont out to me from tbo boginning of our acquaint ance—why sho has ncceptod mo almost aB a sooond son.' ..Aan? fatcham friends were ontliusiaatio in their weloomo, and cordial in. their expressions of sympathy. It may bo that tho increase of ®aoans and importanco which had como to bira by his father s doath was no small factor in tbo opinion of the village and Us environs. A man 7r t e8a n Suffolk, and who lived at Motohnm for his own plcasuro was a porsonagc ; and Matcham gossip did not fail to exaggerate tho unseen Suffolk estate, and to talk of tho Beoohurst property as a more bagatelle, a wind fall from a maternal undo, hardly worth talk ing about, as compared with Fendyko and its vast acreage, " Lady Emily has the house aud homo farm for her life, Mrs. Mornington oxplained, with the privileged air of Allan's intimate friond ; but the bulk of tho est&to; passed at onco to Mr. Carew. My uioce has dooo vory well for herself after all." Tho lost words, oarelo6sty spokon, implied Uwt in tho first instance Mr, Carow had boon rather a poor matoh for Miss Vincent. " I suppose this sad event will delay the marriage ? " For two or throe months, perhaps. They wore to havo been married at midsummer, when Sazetto will como of ago ; but sho tells me she would not think of marrying Allan till at least half a year after his father's death. She talkoil of a year, but that would bo simply absurd. - Tbo wedding o&n; be as qulot as they like." "Yes, of course," mnrmiuod asssutiug friends, sipping Mrs. Mornington's Coylon tea, and despondently foreseeing the stein neoessity of wedding presents, without oven tho poor compensation of champagne, ices, wedding oako, and & crowd of fine gowns and new bonnots. They would have positively no equivalent for their money, Suzette ploaded hard for a year's delay. It would bo moro respectful to him whom you bavo lost ; and it would be moro pleasing to your mother," she said. — "No, Suzette, my mother would rather soe me happy than sacrifice my bsppinoss to con ventionality. Hslf n year is a long time for a man whoso life seems a thing of shreds and patches, waiting tho bettor, fuller lifo that ho longs fur. I shall remomber my doar father with no loss affeotion. I shall no less regrot his loss ; whon you and I aro one. "Wo can be mar ried nuiotly at 9 o'olock in the morning, before Matohatn people have finished breakfast, with only your father and aunt, and my mother for witnesses ; and we can slip sway from tho sta tion in the fresh Soptombor morning on tho first stage of our journey to Como. Suoh a lovely journey at that soason, Suzie ! It will still bo summer in Italy, and wo can stay Ioto in Ootober, till tho grapes are all gathered and tho borceaus are getting bare, and then we can como back to Matobam to our own cosy fireside, and amuse ourselves with tho arrangement of tho house. It will bo as new to mo as it will be to you, Suzie, for only when you are its mistress will it bo home." Sozotte could hardly withhold her oonsont, her lover boing so oarncst. It was settled that tbo marriage should tako plaoo early in Septem ber ; and tbis boing deokled tbo current of lifo flowed smoothly on, Allan spending moro of his days at Marsh House, The Grove and Diaoombo tban in his own house, exoopt when Lady Emily was with him, Discombo was by far tho most delightful of those tbreo houses in out of door woathor, ploassnt as were Mrs. Mornington's o&refnUy; tonded grounds and shrubbery, her verandah and spacious conservatory. The gardens at Disoorabe bad that delicious flavor of tho old world, and that absolute seolu- sion that can uovor bo enjoysd in grounds that aro within ear shot of a high road. At Dis combo tho long grass walks, tho walls of ilex and of yew, tho oyprcss avenuos and marblo temples were isolated amidst surrounding woods, nearly a mllo away from the traffic of every day life. There was a sense of quiet and privacy here compared with which Marsh House and Tho Grovo wero scarcely superior to the average villa In a newly developed suburb. Tho seasons waxed and waned ; tho month of May, when tho woodland walks around Die- oorabo were white with tho feathery bloom of the mountain ash, and goldon with tho scented blossoms of tho yellow azalea ; and June, whioh filled tho woodland avenuos with a flush of purple rhododendrons, maBsos of bloom, in an aeotnding go.iIo of color from the deep baso of darkest purple to the alto of palest lilao ; and July, with her lap full of roses that mado tho gardens a soena of enohnntmcnt. " I always toll tho gftrdonerB that if they give mo rotes I will forgive them all the rest," said Mrs. Wornock, when Allan oomplimontcd her upon her banquet of bloom ; arohes of roses, festoons of rosos, temples built of rooos, rotes in bodH aud borders, everywhere. "But your men aro. model gardoners; they noglect nothing." In thiB paradise of flowers Allan and Suzette dawdled away two or thrco afternoons in every week. Ditcorabe Boomed to Allan always some thing of an enohantod palace— a plaoo upon whioh thero lay a glamor and a spell, a garden of sleep, a grovo for woven pacoo and sveaving hands, a spot haunted by sad sweot memories, rulod over by the goniui of love, faithful in disappointment. Mrs, Wornoolc's personality gavo an atmosphero of Badness to tha houflo iu whioh sho lived, to the gardens whioh oho paced to and fro with slow, modita- tive steps ; but was it a not unpleasing sad ness, and Itouited Allan's mood in this quiet summer of .waiting, wbilo grief for tho loss of his father wah still fresh in his mind. Lady Emily oamo to Discombo on several occasions, and now that Mrs. "Woruools'ii shyness had worn off— with all those ngitatlono which wero incvitablo at a first mooting— tho two womon were vory good friondn. It was difliculfc for anyono not to tako kindly to Lady Emily Carow, and uho on her side was ottractod to Mrs. Wornook, fasoinated by a uature so different from ber own, aud by that roservo force of genius wliioh gavo Are and pathos to Mrs. Wornook's playing. Lady Emily listened with moistened eyes to tho Sonata Pathotioa, and Mrs. Wornock showed a cordial intorcst in tho Blickling Park and "Woodbastwick cows— whioh gavo diatinctiou to tho Fondyko dairy farm. " Pure white, with lovoly black muzzlos— arid splendid milkers 1" protested Lady Emily. "I was taught that thing you play, dear Mrs. Wornoolc, but ray playing was never good for much, even when I was having two lessons a week from poor Sir Julius. Ho was only Mr. Benedict when ho taught mo, and ho was almost young.'1 Geoffrey made meteoric appearances at Dis combo during those qulot summer months, and his prosenco Becmcd to make everybody unoom- fortable. Thoro was a rostlcisness— a suppressed fever— about him which mado sensitive peoplo nervous. Dearly though his mother loved him, and gladly as oho welcomed his reappearance upon tho scene of hor life, she was always fluttered ond anxious while ho was under hor roof. His Ioavo expired early In July, but instead of joining his regimont, whioh had returned to England, and was now quartered at York, ho sent in his papers without tolling his mother or anybody else what ho was doing, and would not reconsider his deoision when asked to do so by Ills colonel. Ho told his mothor oiio morning at breakfast, in quite a oasual way, tbat ho had left tbo army. "Oh, Gooffroy I " she exolaimed, with a shocked look. "I hopo you aro not sorry. I thought it would plafiRO you for mo to be my own master, able to spend mors of my lifo with yon." "Dear Geoffrey, I am very glad on that Acoount ; but I'm afraid it is a selfish gladness. It was hotter for you to havo a profession. Everybody told mo so yoars ago, when I was so grieved at your going into the army." "That is a way everybody has of saying smooth things. Well, mother, I am no longer a soldier. India was pleasant onough — there was a smaok of adventure, a possibility of fight ing — but I could not havo endured garrison life in an English town. I would rather mono at home." "Why should you mope, Gooff?" " Yes, why ? I am free to go east, west, north or south, I suppose there need be no moping now." "But you will bo often at homo, won't you, dear ? Or olae I shall bo no gainor by your leaving the army," "Yes, I will be hero as often and as muoli as — as I can boar it." Ho had risen from tho breakfnst table, and was walking up and down tbo room with that light caroless atop of his whioh seemed in perfect harmony with his tall slim figure. Ho was very pais, and his eyes wero brighter than usual, and thorn was a quiok rostIossncH3 in the smile that flashed across his faco now and again. "Do I boro you so muoh, Gooffroy?" bis mother asked, with a wounded look. "You hore mo? No, no, no! Ob, sorely yon know how tho land lies. Surely tbis fover cannot have betra eating up my heart and my strength all this tirao without your eyes seeing and your heart sympathising. You must know that I love her." "I feared as much, my poor Geoffrey." » No narao had been spoken ; yot mother and son understood oach other. " You feared 1 Great God, why should it be a reason for feAr? Hero am I, young, rioh, my own mastor— and hore is she as free as sho is fair— freo to be my wifo to-morrow, except for this tic which is no tio — afoolish engagement to a man she never loved." "Has she tohl you that, Geoffrey ?" "Not sho. Her lips are locked by an over strained souse of honor. Sho will marry a man for whom she doesn't caro a fltraw. She will be miserable all hor life, or at best sho will have missed happiness, and on her deathbed she will boost to hor parish priost, 1 1 havo kopt my word.' Poor protty Puritan. She thinks it virtuo to break my heart and grieve hor own." " Yon havo told hor of your love, Gooffroy ?" "Yes." " That was dishonorable." "No moro than it was to lovo hor. I am a lump of dishonor, I am mndo up of lies ; but if sho had ah ounco of pluok thoro need bo no moro falsehood. Sho has only to toll him tho truth, tho sad simple truth. 4 1 never loved you. I have let myself bo persuaded into an engagement, but I never loved you.' " "That would break Allan's hoart." " It would be bad to bear, no doubt, but not so bad as the gradual rovclatiun that must como upon him in tho years aftor marriage. She may be ahlo to deceive him now — to delude him with the idea that sho loves liim ; but how about the long winter evenings by their own fireside, and tho dull nights when tbo rain is on the roof? A woman may hide her want of lovo before marriftgc, bnt by heaven slio can't hide it after. God help him when ho finds that he has ft viotim,,and not a wife." " Poor Allan ! But how de you know sho does not caro for him— or that she cares for yon?" "How do I know that I live and brcatlio, that this is I?" touching himself with an impa- tionfc tap of those light restless fingers. "I know it. I havo known it mora or less from the time wo played those duets — the dawn of knowledge and of love. To know each other was to love. Wo wero born for each othor. Allan, with his shadowy resemblance to mc, was only my forerunner, liko the man ono sees in tho street, tho man who reminds one of a dear friend, half an hour or so before we meet that very friond, Allan taught her to liko the type. Sho never loved him. In mc sho recog nises tho individual fatod to love her and to bo loved by hor." " Dear Geoffrey, this is mero guess work." " No. It is instinot, intuition, dead cer tainty. I tell you— oncp, twics, a thousand times, if you liko— she loves me, and sho doesn't lovo him. Tax hor with it. pluok out the hoart of her mystery. This hollow sham— this simu- lnoium of lovo must not go on to marriage. TaIIc to hor, ao woman to woman, as mother to daughter. I toll you it must nob go on. It is driving me mad." " I will do what I can. Poor Allan, so good, so true hearted," " Am I falso hearted or vile, mothor ? Why should Allan bs nil in nil to you ?" " He is not all in all. You know you ars tho first, always tbo first, in my heart ; but I am verv sorry for Allan. If what you toll mo is true, he is doomed to be most unhappy. He is so fond of her. He has plncod all his hopes of happiness upon his marriage— and they nro to be marriod iu little more than a month. It will bs heartier to break it off," " If it isn't broken off thero will bo a tragedy. I will rush between them at the altar. The lying words shall not be spoken. I would rathor shoot him— or her — than that sho should perjure herself, swear to lovo another while sho loves only mo 1" " Gsoffrsy, how do you know ? How can you bo sure " " Our bands havo touched j our oyes have mot. That is onough." Ho walked out of tho window to tho gnrden, and from tho grmleu to tho stables, whero ho ordered his dog cart. His porvant kept a port- mauteau always roady paokod. no left Dia- combe within an hour of that conversation with his mother, and ho was on his way to Loudon boforo noon. Tho first intimation of hU depar ture whioh his mother recoivod was a note whioh she found on tho lunoheon tabic. "I am off to tho Hortz for a fortnight's tramp. Remember something must bo done to hinder this marriage. I shall return before tho middle of August and shall expcot to find all settled. " Address Posto Rostanto, Harzburg." Chapter XXIL Tho timo was drawing near. Tho corn was out and carried in many a broad sweep of hot chalky soil, and summer's brandiug eun bad burnt up the thin grass on the wido bare down, where never Bbadow of tree or bruBh made a cool spot in tbo expanse of light and heat and dryness. The mysterious immemorial atones yonder on Salisbury Plain stood up against ft background of cloudless blue; and every window of the cathedral in tho valley winked and flashed in the sunshine. Only in tho sober old close, and the venerable gardens of a bygone generation, within hedges that dead hands had planted, trees whoso growth dead eyes had watohed, was there coolness or shelter, of tho gontlo slumberous feeling of summer aftcrnon in its restful perfection. Hore in the antique drawingroom, Mrs. Morn ington and hor nieco were taking toa after a morning with tailor and dressmaker. "There nover was such a girl for not-caring- ness as this girl of mine," said Mrs. Mornington, with a vexed air. "If it had not been for mo, I don't think she would bavo had a now frock in hor trousseau, and as she is a very prim person age about lingerie,' and has a largo stock of Parisian prettinesa in that line, there would really havo been nothing to buy." "Rathsr a relief, I should think," laughed Mrs. Oanon, who was giving thom tea. " A moat delightful stato of things," assorted Mrs. Sub. Denn, proud mother of half a dozen daughters, in whioh opinion agreed a oounty lady, also rich in daughters. " All, you are oil against me !" said Mrs. Mornington; "but there is a great pleasure in buying things especially when one iB spending sotnobody else's monoy." "Poor paps," sighed Suzotte. " My aunt for gets that ho is not Croesus." "Look at the girl's wrotohed palo face!" oriod Mrs. Mornington. "Would anyone think tbat she was going to bo married to a most estimablo young man, and tho best match in tho neighborhood — except one?" At those two last word.", Suzstte's checks flamed crimson, and tho foramina conclave look ing at her felt she was being cruolly used by this strong minded aunt of hers. "I don't think tho nicest girls aro over very keen about thoir trousseau," said the county lady, with a furtive glance at & buxom freckled daugbtor, who had lately booome engaged, and who bad already begun to discusa house linen ond frocks, with a largenoss of ideas that alarmed her parents. "Yes; but there is a difference between car ing too muoh and not caring at all. Suzette would be married in tbat white gingham sho Is wearing to-day, if I would lot ber." "Pray, don't tease people about my frocks, auntie. If you can't find something more in teresting to talk about, we had batter go away, said Suzette, with & pottiahnois which was quite unlike her ; but it must be owned that to bo made the objeotofapublio attaok in feminine convocation was Bomowhat exasperating. Mrs. Mornington was not to bo put down. Sbe wont on talking of frocks, thoagh one of the daughters of the housoosrried Suzette off to tho garden — an act of real Christian, charity, if sho had not spoilt hor good work by beginning to talk of Suzotte's lover. "£ can quito fanoy your aunt must be rather boring oometimes," she said. "Bat do tell me about Mr. Carew. I thought him so nice the other day at tho flower show, when yon intro duced him to mc." " What can I toll you about him ? You have seen htm— and I am glad yon thought him nice." " Yes ; but one wants to know more. One wants to know what bo is like — from your point of view," "Butkow could you Roe him from .ray point of viow? That's impossible." "Truol A oasual acquaintance could never ace him as ho appears to you — to whom be is all the world," said tho o&non;'s daughter, who was young and romantic, having lived upon churoh muBlo and Coventry Patmoro'a poetry. "Thore's my aunt showing thom patterns of my frocks 1" exolaimed Suzette, irritably, glanc ing in at the drawingroom, whore Mrs. Morning ton sat, the centre of a little group, handing scraps of stuff out of hor reticule. The soraps were being passed round And peered at and pulled about by everybody with a meditative and admiring air. Au African savflgo, seeing tho group, would have supposed that somo act of sortilege waa being per formed. "It in rather an ordeal being married," said tho canon's daughtor, thinking sadly of a cer tain undergraduate who was downhearted about life divinity oxam., and upon whoso achieving deacon's orders within a reasonable time depended the young lady's matrimonial proa- peots. Sbe sighed & -ibe thought of tho difference in worldly woalth botwoen that woll meaning youth and Allan Carow ; and yet here was the future Mrs. Carew pale and worriod, and obviously disoontonted with lier lot. When those gowns had been ordered, Suzette felt as if it wero another link forged in tho iron oh∈ whioh seamed to weigh hoavior upon her every day of hor life. She had promised, and she must keep ktr promise ; that was what sho was continually saying to herself. Those words wero wovon ints all her thoughts. Allan was so good, so true hoortod t Could slio disappoint and gviove him ? Could sho be heartless, unkind, solfiih— think of herself first and him after— snatch at the happiness Fato offered to hor, and loavo him out in tho oold? No, better that she should bear her lot— bccomo his wife, Iivo out her slow, molanoholy days, bis faithful servant and friend, honoring him and obeying him, doing all that woman oan do for man, oxacpt loving him. Those meteoric appearances of Geoffrey's had mado lifo muoh harder for Suzette. Sho might have fought against her lovo for him more buo- oessfully perhaps had he beou always near ; had sho seen him almost daily, and bcoomc accus tomed to bis presenco as a common inoident in the daily routine; but to bo told that ho was in tho far north of Scotland, yachting with a friond ; And thon to bo startled by his voiao at hor shoulder, murmuring her name in Disoombe "Wood ; and to turn round with nervous quick ness to aeo him looking at her with his pale smilo, like a ghost — or to be assured that ho wan salmon fishing in Oonnomara, and to sso him suddenly sauntering across tho lawn In tho July dusk, moro ghost liko even than in tho wood, qb if faco and form wero tbo moro materialisa tion whioh her own aad thoughts had. conjured out of tho twilight. IIo would tako vory little trouble to exploin his unlookod for return. Scotland was too hot ; tho North Sea was liko a vast ebcot of red hot iron, blown over by a south wind that was liko tho breath of a blast furn&oo.; Iroiand was a place of bad inns and inoxorablc rain, and thero wero no fish, or none that be could oatoh. IIo had como home becauso life was weariness 0WAy from home. He fearod that lifo mount weari ness every whero, Tho days wero hurrying by, and now Mrs. Mornington talked ovorlaatingly of tho wedding, or so it seemed to Suzotte, who in theso latter days tried to avoid her aunt as much as was oon« oistont with civilit-, arid fled from tho Grovo to Disoombe as to & haven of poace, Mrs. Morn ington loved to expatiate upon the ooming event, to bewail her niece's indifforsntism, to rogrot that thoro was to bo no festivity worth speaking of, and to enlarge upon the advantages of Allan's position and surroundings, and Suzotto's good fortune in having como to Matoham. "Your father might have spent £1000 on a London soason, and nob have dona half io well for you," Bhe said conclusively. Tho general nodded asacnt. Certainly, between them they had don, wonderfully woll for Suzetto. From this worldly wisdom tho harassed girl fled to tho quiot of Diacombo, whero the poaco- ; ful silence was only broken by tho deep broad stream of sound from tho organ, touched with over growing powor by Mrs. Wornoolr. Sozefeto would steal softly into tho music room unan nounced, and tako hsr accustomed seat in tha recess by tho organ, and oit silently listening as long as Mrs. "Wornook cared to play. Only when the last chord bad died away did tbo two women touch hands and look at each other. (to iie continued.) 