LITTLE FAITH AND GREAT FAITH, j A Sermon, by O. H. Spouoeou. I "0 thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt!"-Matthew, xiv. 31. " O woman, great is thy faith : be it unto thee even as thou will." Matthew, xx. 28. Between the very lowest degree of faith and a state of unbelief there is a great gulf, An abyss immeasurable yawns between the man who has even the smallest faith in Christ and the man who has none. One is a living man, though feeble, the other is " dead in trespasses and sins;" the one is a justified man, the other is condemned already because hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God." The weakest believer is on the road to heaven ; the other, having no faith I is going the downward road, and he will and his portion at last among the unbelievers-a terrible portion indeed. It is frequently found where we expected greater things. This man who is chided for little faith is Peter Peter, to whom the Lord had communicated a very clear knowledge of himself ; Peter, the foreman of the 12 Peter, in after days the great preacher of Pentecost It is Peter to whom Jesus says, " O thou of little faith." And, my dear brother or sister, may it not be true that you have obtained great mercy, enjoyed high privileges, received gracious protection, and been eminently favoured with fellowship with Christ, most near and dear? By this time you ought to be strand in faith. Butyatyounrenotuo. You will soon be home: your grey hairs are silvered with the light of Immanuel land, you can almost hear the singing of the saints across the narrow stream. At your time of life, so long taught of God, so deeply experienced in the things of Christ, you ought to be fathers in faith, whereas you are still children ; you ought to be mothers in Israel, and yet you are mere ' babes. Is it not so 2 When Peter was walking on the waves, he was in as much danger as when he began to sink. Practically, he never was in any danger at all for Jesus, who enabled him to tread the sea, was equally near all the ] way. When he was standing, he could not have walked another stop if the Master had not upheld him and when he began to sink, his Master was still able to prevent his drowning. / You know that Christ has promised to keep you-, and yet, because you are not quite keeping yourself as you ought to do, you dream that he will not keep' you. You know that He will never give you up, and yet you are almost ready to give it all up yourself, and say, " I shall prove an apostate after all." In this way little faith forgets her Lord. She is too bold one day, and too timid another, all because she mixes up her confidences. Little faith struggles to come to Jesus. Peter did not leave the ship for the mere sake of walk- ing the waters ; but he ventured on the wave that he might come to Jesus. He sought not a promenade upon the waves, but the presence and company of the Lord. " When Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water to go to Jesus." That was the one point he aimed at-to get to Jesus. Some of you, I know, have but little faith ; but you long to get nearer to Jesus. Your daily parting is, Lord, reveal Thyself to me, reveal Thyself in me, and make me more like to Thee." He who seeks Jesus has his face turned in the right direction. Though your knees knock together, and your hands hang down, yet what little head- way you do make is towards Jesus; you strive to serve Him, and to honour Him ; is it not be? Though the winds be contrary, you still pull for the shore. Well, though thou be little in faith, yours I glad thou art struggling, despite by feebleness, to reach thy Lord. Struggle on, for Jesus comes to meet thee and when thou dost begin to sink through mistrust, He will catch them up and set thee on thy feet ariain. Wherefore, be of good cheer. Weak faith has this commenda- tion that it is always safe, because Jesus is near. Peter was safe on the water, because Christ was on the water. Though his faith was weak, he was not saved by the strength of his faith ; he was saved by the strength of that gracious hand which was stretched out to catch him when he was sinking in the flood. If thou believers in Christ with all thy heart, if He is the first and last of thy confidence, then, though thou be full of trembling and alarm, Jesus will never let them perish. If thou art depending upon Him, and upon His alone, it is not possible that He should slight thy faith, and let them die. God forbid we should so insult our Lord as to suppose He would let a believer drown, however weak his faith Since Christ lives, how can we die ? Since Christ standeth on the waters, how can we sink beneath them ? Are we not one with i Him? One thing I may say in commendation of weak faith, and that is that Jesus himself acknowledges that it is faith. He said to Peter, " O thou of little faith." He rebuked him because it was little, bit He smiled on him because it was faith. I love to feel that the Holy Ghost is the 1 Creator, not of the littleness of our faith, but of our faith, be it ever so little. Our Lord acknowledges that to be faith which we suspect to be little better than unbelief. Lord, Iboliove ; help Thou my unbelief," is an admirable prayer for many of us. Great faith is sometimes found where we least expected it. Our Lord behold it, not in the manly Peter, but in the tender woman who pleaded for her child. She was a woman ; but she had faith which put the men to shame. She was a Canaanitish woman, of a race concerning which it was said, "Cursed be Canaan," and yet she had stronger faith than Israelitish Peter, who had known the Scriptures from his youth up. he was a woman who had great discomfort at home for the devil was there, tormenting her daughter It is a dreadful thing to have the devil in your husband, or a devil in your daughter, when you go home ; yet many a Christian woman has this to beat Notwithstanding this grave trial, though there was nothing to comfort her at home, she was a woman of great faith. And why should not we be like her Great faith is to be commended because it perseveres in seeking the Lord This woman came to Jesus to have her daughter healed and it hurt he answered her never a word. Oh, the misery of silent suspense 1 Next, He speaks coolly of her to His disciples, but who Rocks on. She has come for a boon, and she so believes in the Lord the Son of David, that she will not take " no " for an answer ; she means to be heard, and so she presses her suit with importunity even to the end. Oh for a strong faith, a persevering faith ' Brethren, have you got it' You men, are you using it' Here is a woman that had it, and kept it at work till she won her object May the have it abundantly 1 (great faith sees light in the thickest darkness. I do not think Peter was half be tried as the Canaanite was. What was it that frightened Peter The wind What might have frightened her Why the harsh words of Jesus himself. Who is afraid of the wind' Who would not be afraid of a rejecting ChristBpeakingharJ words' "Itiinot meet to take the children 's bread and to cast it to the dogs " Why, if our Lord had spoken thus to any one of us in o should never have dared to stray again. We should have said, " No, that can! Buntenco shuts me out altogether." But not so strong faith "No," says she, he called me a dog. Dogs have a position in society ; little dogs are carried by thou little sisters indoors at damar time that they may get a crust or a crumb And, Love, I will be a dog and get my crumb It is only a crumb for Thee to give its I though it would be everything for me to get it no she pleads with Him as readily as if He had given her a promise instead of a rebuff Great faith prays and prevails. How Blue did prevail Her daughter was made whole, and she received a broad grant of whatever she waited. Be it unto thee even as thou wilt." I wish we had this mighty faith in connection with prayer. One man praying with faith will get more from God than 10 men, or, for the matter of the 10,000 men, who are unstable and unbelieving Believe me, there is a way of praying in which you may have what you will of God. You may go up to your closet, and ask and have ay, and come out of your solitude saying, " I have it." Even though you have it not as a matter of actual enjoy- ment, yet your faith has grasped it, realised it, and believed in it, and so has taken immediate possession. Did not Luther often, in his worst times, come down from this chamber crying "vice," "I have conquered!' He wrestled with God in prayer, and then he felt that all else that he had to wrestle with was just nothing ; it he had overcome heaven by prayer, he could overcome earth, and death and helL Strong faith doth all this, and goes on to do more She has extraordinary reverence for God ; but she has a wonderful familiarity with Him If you were to hear what strong faith he sometimes dared to say to God, you would think it profane and pro- fane it would be from any lips but hers. But when God indulges her to know the secret of the Lord, which is with them that fear Him, and when He says, " Ask what thou wilt, and it shall be done unto thee," she has a blessed liberty with God, which is to be commended, and not forbidden If the Son make you free in prayer you shall be free indeed Strong faith is ever on the winning side It wears the keys of Heaven at its girdle. The Lord can deny nothing to the pleadings of an unstaggsring faith I commend strong faith, because Jesus, our Lord, was delighted with it. What music there was in His words, " Ob, woman, great is thy faith !" There was no smile on His face when He said to Peter, " Oh, thou of little faith " It grieved Him that His followers should have such little faith in Him But how it gladdened him that this poor woman had such splendid faith He looks at her faith as jewellers do at some famous stone worth more than they can tell Oh, woman," said He, great is thy faith. I am charmed with thy faith I am amazed at thy faith I am delighted with the faith " Well, brethren, you and I long to do some thing to please our Redeemer. I know we have often cried, " Oh, what shall I do my Saviour to praise." Believe him then. Believe His promise without doubt. Believe Him greatly. Believe Him unstaggenngly Believe Him to the full, and go on in faith that the fire seems to be nothing further to believe. Believe evermore in Christ Jesus." 