3STEEDX.es : "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Wife (severely)—"I'd have you know, sir, that I always keep my temper." Husband (soothingly)—"Of course you do, my dear. Of course you do, and I wish to goodness you'd get rid of it." Zoo. Wet. Cold.' Rain. Bijou. Theatre. Waterloo, <• . Cyclorama. '" A fox plague. " The Mikado." "Sons of Belial." Stamboloff dying. A peculiar request. The " tiger" again. A big cricket score. Y. M. C. A. to-night. The Produce Depot. "Beautiful Britain." Mr. Pinschoff's letter. Shipments of live stock. Tramways in Tasmania. Sydney stud sheep sales. The Cycling Association. Budget speech Augusts. The State Advances Bill. The railway revenue down. The Tories are going ahead. Overtime to Customs officers. > " The Talcing of Eagle Pass." Tombstones dug up at Sydney, it.M.S. Rome sailed yesterday. Cost of the Australian squadron. Y.M.C.A. winter lecture to-night. It.M.S. Orizaba expected 23rd inst. Supposed infanticide in Melbourne. "Sons of Belial," by William Westall. The Opera Company leaves to-morrow. Northern Territory Commission finished. Lyell shares are quoted at 58s. in London. The time limit knocked on the head again. Lord Brassey has lunched with the Queen. The Legislative Council does not sit to-diy. Wednesday was a dull day in the Assembly. Mr. ,T._H. Symonon " Shakespeare"to-niglit. The Liberals have been soundly thrashed so far. Prices are higher at the Antwerp wool sales. .< . Sir W. V. Harcourt will contest Monmouth shire. This morning's Advertiser consists of ten pages. Messrs. McCarthy and Davitt have-been elected. A successful South Australian mining student. _ ' The Taking of Eagle Pass," byMorley Eoberts. It.M.S. Ophir takes £100,000 in specie from Sydney. . The missing man Dwyer. has been found drowned. Eighty-eight columns in this morning's Advertiser. The Victoria Cross has been awarded to Surgeon Whitchurch. A record has been put up by McLaren in first-class cricket matches. The Conservatives have won 20 seats formerly held by the Liberals. McLaren, of Lancashire, topped the fourth century by 24 against Somerset. When we do not give according to our means we do according to our meanness. There are many men who are afraid of ghosts who have no fear of spirits. - A servant girl has been arrested in Mel bourne on suspicion of infanticide. The Gambling Suppression Bill is being dis cussed by the Queensland Parliament. _ Several arrests have been made in connec tion with the outrage on M. Stamboloff. Mr. George Graham, of Strathalhyn, an old colonist, has joined the great majority. The complete story for next Saturday's Express was written by Morley Eoberts. The Port Adelaides beat the Broken Hills by 4 goals 10 behinds'to 1 goal 4 behinds. : Mr. Wallace (was very successful in his simultaneous match on Wednesday evening. No hon. member with any self-respect speaks for less than two hours at a time now. The official liquidator of the Bank of South Australia has declared another dividend of 2s. The reason a fashionable woman changes her mind so often is because her mind is on her dresses. The Union Bank of Australia has declared dividend of 5 per cent, and carried £14,000 forward. ' Now is the time to buy your themometers." Why ?" " They will be higher when warmer weather sets in." When will the Premier bring up the amended standing orders to deal with the loquacity nuisance ? The Treasurer has decided that he will deliver his budget speech, in the Assembly on Thursday, August 8. Now that speeches have grown to such length, why not economise time by lotting two members talk at once 'I : This evening his Excellency and Bishop and Mrs. Harmer will dine with Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Hay at Linden. Mr. J. C. Moulden has had another success . the Eoyal College of Mines, England, by winning the Bessemer medal. _ On Wednesday night the patients from the Lusitania in quarantine at Torrens Island rere progressing as well as could be expected. The Victorian Board of Health have recom mended that steps should , be taken to secure the proper examination of abattoirs and dairy ' irds. Suggestion for the Assemply—Knock off the dinner adjournment. This will [give another hour for the delivery of speeches that no one listens to. "Sons of Belial," a new serial story by William Westall, author of "A Pair Crusader," &c.;, will commence publication in next Satur day's Express. Sir Bobert Ball thinks the time is approach ing when posterity will be able to construct machinery that will be worked by means of glasses with heat obtained by the direct action of the sun's rays. •• The next free lecture in connection with the • Chamber of Manufactures will be delivered bv Mr. W. Griffiths, M.P., on "Labor and manufactures in the East and their probable effect on Australia." ! Mr. Joseph Tapley's impersonation of Henry Snndford is a thoroughly consistent and de cidedly artistic performance, his "rounded periods," clerical intonation, and appropriate gestures being the refinement of comedy. Overheard at the Academy.—" Palette has painted that bunch of grapes with such skill that it makes you inclined to eat them!" " That's nothing. Mr. Van Daub painted a ship in a storm that makes everyone who sees it sick." A Swiss statistician, who evidently has not a great deal to do, has taken the trouble to count the number of steps he took in walking during a whole year, and informs the world that the number is 9,760,900,. an average of nearlv 27,000 each day. 