I1BMQ& Hospital Sunday. By Caxcw "WiLEEnroscE. * "The Sonship of Humanity " gave to Canon TVilberforce a lofty and interesting theme for hospital Sunday at morning service on June 1G,. in toe Church of St. John's, Westminster. Himself a disciple of suffering, who, some years ago, "was snatched from the grave when all hope had apparently departed, it was natural that the world of suffering should lay special claim to Ins sympathies, and not less natural that he should cany his thoughts to a high altitude. Taking the scene of the Transfiguration, as Ids starting point, he said that to every mind gifted with tlie faculty of imagination, to every lover of the picturesque and the beautiful, to any who may hare stood upon an Alpine glacier or gazed upon a snow mountain glittering in the sunshine, the scene of the Transfiguration of Christ upon one of the lofty snow peaks of Mount Hcrmon in Northern Galilee must be full of reverent suggestion. It was not a miracle except in the sense of Whttticrhs wcll-knov.m expression, "I know nothing but miracle/' The body of the Hau Christ Jesus was formed from the atoms of the natural world, like our own, a part of the eternal ffux of matter, of the ceaseless activity of the cvolviug forces which manipulate matter in this planet. The scene of the Transfiguration was the momentary coming info manifestation of an eternal truth. If our eyes were open to the supernatural of the common processes of nature, we. too, should perceive the growing forth of the Sheckinah of infinite mystery of which we all are part. Beautifully has Pope expressed the truth of the inmanriice of God iu the natural 'world " All arc "but parts of one stupendous whole "Whose body nature is and God the soul." To know that inHimwe "live and move and have our being" is to feci that our little- lives are safe as part of the universal life—it is to be absolutely certain that death will not put an eiid to our continued development Such bril liant Travellings of the powers by which we are surrounded arc never more than momentary. The universe of viable matter is truly palpitat ing with the presence of God. The human nice as the highest life of the visible universe is especially the Sbeekiuah or Taber nacle of God, and the absolutely per fected manhood of Jesus is essentially the fulness of Him that filkth all in all. He is the perfect Mediator, or meeting-point, between God and man—that is, between universal life and conditional life. "This is My beloved Son, the most perfect self-utterance of My inmost heart and character, Hear ye Him 111 Thus the preacher in his realisation of what Goethe called the "awfulncss of life.". Proceeding to its application, he discerned from the elouds wliicli beset the vision, the ; douds of domestic trouble, physical ilhiese, moral failure, that "there is no royal road to character." This sharp discipline is the identification with the true Son ship. Every perfect life emerges" only from the stern discipline of tribulation, temptation, and disappointment. In the acted drama of His life you are assured that the true life of man is only to be bnilt up in the j encounter between good and evil. And who- j soever bdieveth- in Hxra, not as a theological j expression, glibly uttered, but as a Divine | friend to eveiy brother in the race who cries to Him, will not lose his faith, because the cloud settles on him. " Again and again, in the great hospitals of the world, I have seen the cloud settle down on a life, where all seemed bright and fair; and instead of fatalities, or despair, or rebellion, a peaceful serenity in the midst of pain and loss and sorrow has taken their place, traceable to that voice out of the cloud which said, * Thw is My beloved Sou, hear ye Him.* Christianity is not a kind of lofty scntimeutaHsm. It is practical work. Wc hear the restless murmur of suffering multitudes—the sick, the poor, the nceoy, the deceived, the doubting, the demoniac. The spirit voice from the cloud reaches down to them ; the definition of Son ship embraces them in all their alienation, and though weak, degraded, debased, demon possessed, they are yet personal spirits taber nacled inbodfiy forms. Thissufferragbuiuamty, this aggregate of human beings, this totality called the race—this,' this is My beloved Son ! Hear them ! Hear them cry for help ! Hear the piteous appeal of a creation groaning and travailing in pain I" It is but as yesterday, Canon Wilberforce continued, that "the thoughts of men that .widen with the progress of the sun" began to profess acknowledgment that individuals of the race were all members one of another, that the everlasting ages, culminating in the Hew Testament, affirm with one accord that humanity,1 the human family itself, in all ages, in all conditions—the sum total of this throbbing human flesh and blood, illumined with its heroism, weighted with its crimes, soiled 'with .its degradations, can be nothing less than the Divine Spirit individualised into separate con ecious entities, and therefore that humanity is the Sou of God. Hie union of man with man, and of humanity through Christ with God— and so with God's boundless resources of love and power—is a union which cannot be broken. "What is man ? aslo» the Psalmist; and the Holy Ghost pate in his mouth. the answer, an answer which flashed into the mind of Pluto, '* Thou hast made him for a little while lower than Divine, that thou mayest crown him with glory and honour." The creation of man is tiic conditioning of Divine generation; it is the Father sacrificing Himself for i(9 little while" to find Himself ultimately in every j Christ horn into the conditioned state. Mark, then,. the dignity and responsibility of life. "What is called the salvation of your soul is the ; realisation of your Sonslnp. The working out of your salvation is the working out of Divine Sonship, "with fear and trembling." It is your one important business in the world. * And if tempted by ill-regulated desire and animal appetite, von can see Jesus, the j>erfect Elder Brother of the race, who passed through temptation, suffering, and glory for you, but—thank God!—not instead of you. He is not ashamed to call you brother. We have willmi us an evolving spirit of resistless power slowly transfiguring w from within, training us, ever unfolding and perfecting all 1 our faculties, morn], spiritual, mid intellectual, in conscious communion with the Divine Friend of humanity. The divinity and the humanity are so interwoven that" it is im possible for man to help liis fellow man without doing it also "onto God." It is the irresistible argument for the appeal made to the respectable and ciean- liviug mem bers of ^society to come forth in the battle against the public sources of temptation which blight and ruin the lives of thousands, the despair of a weak and erring humanity left wallowing in their temptations and sins by the indifference or timidity of the more influential members of the family of Goth Precisely the same obligation, Canon Wilber force concluded, rests upon us 5u dealing witb the mystery of pain. It is part of the Dirine education of those who are made " for a little while lower than God." We must acknow ledge that the world's suffering has been a great clement in the production- of human character. Wc cannot fail to recognise its ! educational, sacrificial, remedial operations in thousands of eases. Bnt we know also that ; one of its veiy purposes is to elicit the eager anxiety of members of the race in pity and love to alleviate the sufferings of their brethren. Our English poet says: "Pain comes, hopeless pain, God knows, And we know, "again and again; Bat e'en pain has its intervals blest Ana we Know, again ana again; Bat e'eu pain has its intervals blest, "When 'tis licavcn to be free from pain." The "intervals blest!" How can they be attained except by providing the best medical assistance, the most skilled professional nurs ing, the ablest surgery within reach of the poorest classes of the community. Hospital Sunday is the saint's day of the healing art appointed by the common consent of widely (Uttering communities of Christians to be kept holy and sanctified by liberal gifts. Think of the thousands of healing hands that are every where laid soothingly and rcmedially on God's Son humanly through the instru mentality of our hospitals," involving an expenditure of £1,000,000 annually de rived from private generosity. This forms a grand equipoise to the gloomy pessimism of the nineteenth century, and a splendid testimony to the determination of the human community that physical suffering shall be alleviated to the utmost ability of human skill. Give then, he demanded, not merely rs a. congregation, hut as individuals conscious of their responsi bility, recognising in the call to alleviate pain and suffering a Fathers appeal to our hearts to acknowledge and act upon the brotherhood of humanitv. 