LOCAL NEWS. MORE BUILDING Mr. W. H. Lee, architect, invites lenders in this issue for the erection of a new Roman Catholic Church at Ourrahubula. The plana and specifications for same can be seen either at the Catholic Presbytery, Quirindi, or at Mr. Lee's office in Armidale. TRANSFERRED. - Constable W. Cameron, who bag been stationed in Glen Innes for the Inst three and a half years, has been removed to Armi dale. While we regret to lose bis services, we must congratulate our friends in the cathedral city on be. coming possessed of so capable and efficient an officer. Constable Fergusson of Armidale,' is, we nnderstand, Constable Cameron's successor.-Glen Imw Examiner GAJIE OJT THE MACLEAT.-'Tia years since game and wild-fowl was so plentiful on the Macleay as at present. Teal and mild duck have been, and are abroad in thousands, while the blue crane, black and white crane, anipe, quail, plover, black swan, ibis and other birds have been unusually common. The appearance of the ibis on the coast iB a Bittn of a drought in the interior, so Macleavites know what to expect. Several specimens of the rare musk-duck have also been noticed by sportsmen.-Argus. RIFLE SHOOTING.-The usnal pri vate shooting for prizes in connec tion with the Armidale civilian's Rifle Club took place on Saturday last, when Borne good shooting was done. The conditions were as usual 7 shots each at 500 and 600 yards.! Following are the scoresMr. A. J. Clarke, 33, 32-Total 65; Mr. West brook, 33, 27-60 ; W, Butler, 28, 27-88 j Mr, Wearer, 29, 22-151; Mr. Rosevere 29, 22-61; Mr. Geldard, 27, 27-54; Mr. Jones, 16, 22-40; Mr. Drew, 17, 21-38. Mr. Clarke's score of 65 is the bigheBt ever made on the Armidale range, and he should have a say in some of the big matches at Sydney, if he makes up hit mind, and goes to the range fit. AUSTBALIAW HAHDWOGD Tut])S. Some weeks ago orders were cabled out to load three vessels, equal to GOO.OOOf'. each vessel, to be dispatched monthly from Sydney. Unfortunately these r.Hers could not be executed, a« iho Billing plants on the New South Wales coast jyere not adequate to turn out such a quantity. But Messrs. Burns, Pbilp, and Co. are sending to London a quantity per Annie Maud, ?ailing in n few days, and they hope to I gradually build up a large trade by ] sending only the timber best Adapted* for wood-blocking. There is a great! future before Australia in connection 1 with this business if followed op in a careful acd practical manner. 1 FOB MAT.-'The Treasury on Saturday Afternoon issued a com parative statement of £fre consolidated revenue during last month ani May of 1894. The receipts for May totalled £826,148, as against £640,304 for tbe corresponding month of last year, or §. pf £14,154. The railway receipts show pn increase of £20,043; electric telegraph peqsjnts, £9703; postage rates, iwhovr <£ues, and fees, £935; rents (exclusive jar land), £1824; and there is an increase of £6187 under the head of miscel laneous, which, with other smsll items, make £be total increases for the mouth, £4L862. The gpoes deficiency of £56,017 includes a efcpokage of £6027 in the Customs, £«39r how; land £14.692 from tbe nustogs/ £4393 from public school fees, £11.845 frnm metropolitan water rates, and jtl J.966 from metropolitan DEATH". Mr. and Mrs. F. O. j ?orlett bad the misfortune to lose j heir daughter Elsie on Monday last, rhe little girl who was nearly 11 rears of a^e suffered from congestion >f the liver and despite medical icience succumbed to the attack. The funeral took place on Monday after noon, and a number of the deceased's Friends and schoolmates joined in the procession. Tax AnvmtT.it HOSPITAL.-On Mon Say morning a man named David Bali, a painter, aged 83, died in the abovainstitutiopfromlnflaminationof the lungs. He was admitted on the 26th ultimo, and despite every atten Hon succumbed to the complaint. On the same evening James Copaa, aged 17, eon of Mr. John Oopas, of Gara, died from Brighfs disease. The latter deceased has a number of rela tives in the district, and by them his early death is sincerely mourned. HEBOID CONDUCT OF A TELEGRAPH Mebbekoer.-Yesterday afternoon a little boy and girl, children of Mr. W. O. Hginbotham, were playing near a well on the premises of Mrs. Bichard son, senr., in Daogar-street. The cover appears to have become opened or pushed aside and the little girl fell through into the water below. Hearing screams Joseph Histon, employed as a messenger in the local Telegraph Office, ran across to the scene and quickly descended to the water by means o£ the pipe of the pump. To seize the little child was the work of a moment or two, the little one with greatpresenceof mind calling out lustily " Bun for mummy ! Bun for mummy!" Though able to hold the child out of the water he was unable to bring her to the surface, but he did the next best thing and with one hand grasping the pipe and the other the child he hung on .with Bpartan-libe fortitude for about ten minutes till Mr. Peacock, who was also quickly on the scene, had gone away for a ropo and returned again after disentangling from it a collection of newly-washed clothes. The " rope" was a wire clothes line and this was let down and young Histon con trived to fix it round the little four year old, who was then quickly beought once more into daylight. The rescuer after trying in vain when the rope was let down a second time to fix it round him self, had still to maintain his grip of the pipe while it was drawn up and a loop put in it.f Then he Bat down peacefully on the wire and soon stood on dry land while the bystanders con gratulated tbe unconcerned youth on his timely bravely. Returning to his duties at the Telegraph Office he appears to have said nothing at all about his ad venture and treated it with the cool and modest unconcern that marked the whole of his behaviour. " Joe " bae proved his grit, and we are sure this parsRraph will not lessen him in tbe estimation of the public. We offer oui congratulations to Mr. and Mrs, Higiobotham who so narrowly escaped losing one of their innocent little olive branches. BISHOP GBEEN at Gieif Innm.*-The 'Examiner cays :-His Lordship the Bight EST. Dr. Green arrived from Armidale on Saturday morning, and held three services in Holy Trinity the following day. A large congrega tion visited the church in the morning. His Lordship took' as a text for the morning sermon portions of the second chapter of Acts-first and second Terses; " And when the day of Penter cost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place; and suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the bouse where they were sitting.'' In his opening remarks, HiB Lord ship said it was always a pleasure to a bishop to be with one of his most faithful and warm-hearted congrega tions on Whit Sunday. He then proceeded with his sermon, which was delivered in a moBt masterly manner, dealing mostly with the great season of Whitsuntide as the consummation of the promise given to the disciples of the coming of the Comforter-the Holy Ghost-who should give them understanding in all mattera taught them by their risen Redeemer and glorified King. In the afternoon Dr. Green addressed the children in the church, aud also held a baptismal service. Thpre was a large nutpbpr of children and, parerts present, and the good Bishop fail ly won theheaTts of bis youth'ul heart *s by the kind and affable mhnner ij which bespoke. Never in the annals of its history has the Holy Trinity Church been so crowded as it was on Sunday evening last. From an early hour numbers wended their way toward the church, and when the orgtn bej-alded forth the first notes of the opening brain pending room waB not procurable. Chairs had ito'be placed up the aisle, and then sufficient room WBB not available. The Bishop took for his evening text the second chapter of Acts of the Apostles, verses 32 to 41, and dealt with the subject in his usual eloquent and taking style. Bishop Green met a number of young men in Trinity Hall on 8atupfyy evening, and delivered a striking, simple, plpin, and humorous address on Afljijeenientp " Hp Lord? ship spoke for an hour, and iq the course of his remarks, which were in terspersed with funny little anecdotes, he congratulated the Bev. Mr. King on the formation of the Young Men's Institute; gave his experience of similar societies in a prosperous con. dition in Victoria; hoped the young mm waufd "hold to the one just formed in bnll-dog fashionand wben he visited Glen Inn$s ag^ip he pro, mised to give sin entertainment under the anspfcee cftiip Institute in Trinity Hull. The Bishop advised all to indulge fo amusements moderately then they would bp tenanted; btyt he impressed upon them the advtsableness if uot appreciating sports of a coarse1 nor cruet nature, and spoke at gome length on die error* and miseries of ambling. The adflress was thoroughly 3ni«y»1>le, and the ywg men will c.i%'forv #rrf <o Bishop Grt-en'a next risii with pleasure. Qis fy>r ffcbip -eturoed Sooth on Monday mnrwc% if.er brine inrlifatigably engaged in, urbfrk frttn his arrival. CONCERT AUD SOCHI.-The concert and social on Monday evening last in aid of the funds of St Mary's Parochial School can be described only as a gigantic success, both financially and numerically. The concert began at eight sharp, aDd a long and en joyable programme was gone through. The loud applause and repeated encores showed undoubtedly that the audience were quite satisfied with the efforts of our local vocalists. Nearly every item was encored, and if the hearers had their way the recalls would hare been more numerous. The programme was as follows t-"Fonr jolly smiths,'* Mr. H. Weaver; " A world -between," Mrs. Mason ; "Good bye, Mavourneen," Mr. T. Osborne; " Oh, it's grand," Mr. G. H. Began; violin solo, " lies ClocheB de I Corneville," Mr. I. M'Shane; " Musie I of the Birds," Mrs. Mason and Miss Kirkwood; "Close to the Threshold," Mr. S. H. Wicherson j " The Better Land," Miss M'Shane; " When these old clothes were new," Mr. W. Brown; "Tit for Tat," Miss Madden ; "Just before the battle," Mr. T Osborne; " Last Hose of Summer," Dr. Moir; and a violin duet by Messrs. 8. H. Donnelly and T. M'Shane. Mr. S> H,! Donnelly- returned a graceful vote of thanks to the audience for their attendance, and immediately after wards arrangements were made for the social, which proved to be one of the happiest ever held in Armidale. There was a large attendance, and all joined in making it as pleasant as possible The music was provided by Mr. Cooper's string band, whde several ladies played extras. The refreshments were served out on a most liberal scale, and great credit is due to the ladies who superintended this depart ment. Dancing was kept up with great vigor till about three, and even then the dancers seemed sorry to f»o. The profits will be a substantial addition to the funds of St. Mary'B. LICENSING COURT.-A special meeting of ths Armidale Lioensing Bench was beldon Monday, Mr, 0. E.Smitb, P.M., and Mr. 0. A. Jackes, J.P., occupying stats. The following renewals of licenses were granted:-J. Kickham, Imperial Hotel; S. J. Wade, Tattpr sall's Hotel; W. H. Stevans', St. Kilda Hotel; M. Hume, Royal Hotel; E. Keightley, Bailwsy Hotel; T. 0. Taylor, Criterion Hotel; James Bow man, Oxford Hotel; James Nairn, Albion Hotel; Joseph Eeenan, Daniel O'Connell Hotel; Bobert Brown, Commercial Hotel; John Smith, Star Hotel; M. Leverett, White Horse Hotel; John Tallis, Steam Engine Hotel; and M. O'Hal loran, International Hotel (Armidale); S. Williams, 8ydney Hotel (Hill grove) ;, J. Hackett, Anchor Inn, and J. M'Neil, Wollomumbi Hotel (Wollo mumbi) ; J. F. Judge, Half-way House Hotel (Wandsworth). In reference to the Club Hotel an objec ! tion was raised by the Inspector on ' the ground that the back premisei > were old and dilapidated. Ar 1 adjournment was granted for three 1 weeks to enable the necessary renain to be carried out. The billiari! license of the Commercial Hotel wai renewed. ODE NEW BOAS SUPER.-The Mus wallbrook Chronicle of last Saturday has the following paragraphMr T. j W. L. Spencer, who for a number of years was the resident engineer for i the Muiwellbrook district, but re cently transferred to Armidale, a transfer which has brought him a well deserved promotion, was testimonial ised on Wednesday night last. The celebration took place at Barklay's Hotel, and there waB a great force of subscribers, who marked their appre ciation in felicitioua speeches and cheerful (bibulosity. One and all re gretted that the town should lose such a sterling citigen, who after a few years' acquaintance had gained the respect and goodwill of all men. But what was the town's loss was another place's gain; and as it meant promo tion everyone rejoiced. Mr. Spencer's reply was marked by that genial good humor which has made him so much liked, sod whilst he regretted leaving old friends behind, he must go where duty called him. Mr. Spencer was the recipient of a handsome clock, with a and it will be a memento whic^ will always be fi^ed in his memory with the march of time! Our late engineer is sure to meet with the good will of the New England people and we hand him over to their care to treat him well; he succeeds an old established officer, who has been placed on the pensioners' list through retrenchment, and necessarily the people feel agrieved at losing him, bat Mr. Spencer is sure to win their confidence, and if he looks after his duties half as well as he looked after them here, the people of the Armidale district will have the test roads and bridges in the colony, Dentistet.-Mr. A. E. Brow£, M.D.A., late senior assistant to Dr. H. Peach, M.O.S..D.M.D., D.D.8.,L.D.S.. M.D.O^eto., demonstrator in snrgery to the Dental "University of Chicago, T7.81 A., will vint Armidale on the second and fourth Tuesday in each month, and may be consulted atEjckbsm'almperiaf Hotel between the hoars of 9 a.m. and 9 p.m. Artificial teeth, latest improve ment^ tepth fijled with gold, platina, amalgam, oemeut, etc. Uomplete sets £5 6s. Irregularities and malformation treated. Painless extraction of teeth with nitronB oxide gas, eto. Sate of next visit-Tuesday, 14th May, 1895. Patients treated at their residenoe when desired.-Advt. Important to Sblbctobb.-By the new Land Act, whioh c&me; into foroe on Saturday lost, it is provided that any holder of a conditional purchase, witji all the additionals, whether mortgaged or ojierwiaij fytfi la dent on any part of toe holding, may apply fgr exemption ftalp. payment foi k 4 i<se of fja *u»t bp paid with each application. . Tha holders of conditional parohaaeawho are not resident may applytor extenisioa of time to mate the wimufl paymant, and, if granted, interest on the over- ' doe amount at the rata of 10 per cent, per annum will be charged up to data of'payfpenf, Pgldep of cgnditipn^l pnmhnnnrn in special areas may apply : ioi ttr*ypti»6mettt ot pribej a ffee i of £3 most be paid with each appli cation. No one-can so apply after Slat August next, Deposits on appli cations for annual leases will be £8 per eeotion of 610 acres, instead of £2 ae formerly. Town and suburban land offered at auction and not sold may be purchased on any Thursday, applicant paying down 25 per cent, of the purchase money and the bal anoe in term* on which the land waa originally offered. A meeting will be held j»t the Imperial Hotel this evening to decide apoD a suitable manner of recognising Mr. S. A. Donnelly's put service! in thu diatriot. There is no change to report in con nection with the weather in New England. No rain has fallen, and at the present there does npt seem any probability of wet weather. His Lordship Bishop Green will lecture on " My Experiences in Nor-i way" to-morrow evening in the New Town Hall. 