Parish of St. James', Morpeth. I INDUCTION OF THE EEV. A. C. THOMAS. On Sunday forenoon, in tbe Church of St. James, Morpeth, the Kev. Alfred Cayley Thomas was : formally inducted by tho Van. Archdeacon Tyrrell, B.A., in the presence of a large congregation. Tte j Rev. Coles Child, B A ,' formerly Archdeacon of Newcastle and incumbent of Morpeth, was also present, and read the morning service. Proceedings began with tho proc-.'zsional hymn, '* Onward, Christian Soldiers,' 361, A. and M„ after which morning servico waB read to the end of t.he third collect. The proper Psalms were Pa. 121, Levavi oeulos, and Ps. 132, Memento, Domine. The Lwsons were Isaiah vi., 1 — 9, and 2 Corinthians v., 17 — vi., II, read by the Ven. Archdeacon. The hymn after the third collect waa hymn 352, A. and M., ' Christ is gone up; yet ere he passed.' The Ven. Archdeacon Tyrrell was the preacher. H.i said tb' t; on an occar.ion such as the induction of a new incumbent into the cure of souls of that parish, not only should he who was to receive liis commission be exhorted to the faithful discharge of his duties, but the parishioners should be made to understand the true position of a clergyman. And it whs hoped that the words to be spoken would be blessed to the edification of all who heard them. What note should be struck? Certain titles were in the New Testament assigned to the Chris tian minister. Many designations were omployed. Grid's Church w»s represented as a family, and the gifts and graces of the Spirit wore described as the food and the wages cf its members. The min ister w us called the dispenser of these good gifts of God, a steward. He was called also a watchman, standing as it were on a lofty tower, patrolling its battlements, ever wakeful, ever on the alert against sudden surprise. He was called a pastor — he was the shepherd of the congregation, which was likened to a flock of sheep, whom he tends and di rects, whom he guards from the attack of wild boasts, for whom he finds shelter, and whom he lends to the green pastures and beside the cooling streams. And the weary, the young, and the foot sore he carries in bis arms. Other designations were also used, but the preacher desired to fix their minds especially on two titles of the Christian minister — two titles which were startling in them selves and still ? more startling in their contrast. One of the titles would be found in 2 Corinthians v., 20., ' Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us,' and the other was to be seen in the fourth chapter, verse 5 — ' For we preach not ourselves, but Christ ,Tesu= the Lord ; and ourselveB your Bervants for Josub' sake.' Ambassador and slave — that waa what the ordained minister of Christ was. He, claimed the dignity and all tbe circumstances appertaining to a delegate of the King of kings, and at the same J time he submitted to be a slave of the congregation. A slave, not of God or of Christ, but of his people, a man placed at their beck and call. That was the true idea of Christ's minister : ho was an ambassador and a slave. That was the view St. Paul took of the ministerial office : ' Wu are ambassadors for Christ,' and again, ' For which I am an ambassador in bonds,' and on the other Bide : I have made myself your slave; I have enslaved myself unto God — ' Ourselves your servants (or slaves) for Jesus' sake.' Ambassador and slave — the highest and the lowest office, and yet each consistent witb the other : most true slave when most faithful ambassador, and ambassador most successful when most abject slave? Why was that so ? Because then the Christian minister would bo most lilco him whose representative he was — the. highest and the lowest in one : a Slave of slaves, and yet also the King of kings. That was the lesson for minister and congregation to learn. He was an ambassador, and yet a Rlave. Yet he must not merge the ambassador into the slave, nor lose the slave in the ambassador. Should b° forget that he is an ambassador his work will be feeble, listless, and inefficient, because nerveless and sinewless ; if he forget that he isa slave, he will be arrogant, harsh, repulsive ; he will win no sym pathy, he will gain no adherents. 'Three ideaB were involved in the title ambassador : Commission, representation, diplomacy. Every minister of Christ must believe and feel that he is commissioned by God to do His work. How could he know that he was commissioned ? Of course, it was necessary that he should receive through tbe authoritative channel the o ufcward commission which could be traced thiough the centuries to Jesus Christ Him self. Yet that outward commission was not sufficient. The minister must always remember his ordination vows, and ask himself whether he can truly answer Yes to the question 'Are you inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon you this office and ministration to serve God for tho promotion of His glory and tho edifying of His people ?' Should he he able to give the affirmative answer, should he be aware of the still Btnall voice of God speaking to him and sending him forth, then he will be aware that be has indeed Christ's commission to feed His sheep. Here and there it may have happened that a minister has entered upon his office without the consciousness that he bad been sent, and has become a faithful minister, having learned in the solemn and sacred duties of the office its grave responsibilities ; but it was nevertheless- a perilous thing for any man to (Undertake God's work, to dispense God's truth, without reliance upon God's strength. An am bassador was also a representative. The Christian minister wan nothing less than a representative of God. St. Paul applied the image: 'Wear a am bassadors of Christ, as though God did beseech you by us.' It was this relation of representative that gave power and illumination to the Christian minister. If he. spoke, for God, it was because he had been face to face with God, and carried to the people the abundance of His grace, reflected on them the effulgence of His glory. And ministers should always remember that whether they willed it or not. tbey would be taken to be representatives of God. The Gospel would he judged by the lives of its ministers. The minister being the most prominent advoca'e of Gospel doctrine, his life would form the popular standard of its merits. Thirdly, an ambassador was a diplomat. An ambassador is required to recommend hiB policy by Ilia address. What was the address of a minister? It' was character. He must exhibit earnestness, love of his people, self-forgetfulness, singleness of purpose. A diplomat in the political arena may resort to duplicity, to ambiguity of utterance, to over-reaching. Not so must a minister act. He must show a singleness of heart; be must not be self- seeking, but must be earnest for his people's welfare ; there muBt be no duplicity in his conduct; no hidden meaning in hia words. Ahove all, lie must shun self-assertion — a most insidious and fatal form of self-seeking, insidious because it often cloaked itself under the form of zeal for the church. A minister should be an example of the twin graces of simplicity of character and sympathy — twin graces because each was founded on the negation of self. The new incumbent of St. James' was thus constituted an ambassndor for God. and the bond slave of those to whom he was to minister. From him was to be expected the sorvice of sympathy ; he should be found rejoicing with the glad and weeping with thu sorrowful, living with the people in their lives, dying with them in their deaths ; he should be able to enter into their careB, to share their sorrows, to understand their temptations, — to' find a place in'liis heart for all these things, for that waa t.he servitude to which St. Paul alluded. Ambassador of God and slave of men — these ware the two pillars that flanked the gateway of ministerial efficiency. The laity of the parish should then strive to reverence the office of the minister, because that officii was of God, and he was therefore commended to their prayers and their care. And on their minister itwas incumbent that he should remember throughout the coming years with all their hopes nnd fears his tremendous responsibilities and his important powers. Hymn 253 A. and M., ' O Thou who makest souls to shine,' having been sung, the induction service waa proceeded ' with, and waa followed by Holy Communion. Tbe collect was that for St. Peter's Day ; the epiatle was read by the Rev. Colea Child, and the gospel by the new incumbent. Friends of that venerable clergyman, the ltev. Coles Child, B.A., were delighted on Sunday to bear his voice once more in tho church at Morpeth, where he took part in the induction of tho new incumbent, the Rev. A. C. Thomas. Mr. Child ia among us to perform a end duty ; and though age is showing its mark upon him, he is, we are pleased to know, in tolerable health for hiB years. His old connection with St. James's, and with the diocese, induced him to prolong his stay, a decision which gavo gre.it pleasure to tlie congregation over which he once was a valued pastor. 