BEAUTIFUL BRITAIN. Part VI of this Art Series is now ready for distribution, and if it is possible to make comparison where all things are perfection, this particular number excels those preced- ing it in the special presentment of charming views of interiors. There is likely to be a run for this particular issue of the series, and those who book orders early will ensure freedom from disappointment. (Copies of previous ports are still obtainable from all Agents in Tasmania.) The famous wit, Horace Walpole, summarised very neatly the absurdity of spook stories when he said, in speaking of the dilapidated condition of Ham House, that it was " in such a: state of pimp and fitters, burr head ed with walls, fences and gates, that one could imagine oneself in the midst of bygone ages, " and that he expected to see ? hosts " sweep by him-" ghosts, too, that would not give a sixpence to see, Lauder dale's and Tollemache's and Maitland's." There, after all, are very few ghosts among all those with which to aduion endows the old homes of England that would be worth seeing if one really could see them. And yet the ghost stories id themselves, full at the quaintness of the past century, make very pleasant reading, We do indeed many of the other excursions into the by-ways of history, which readers of our " Beautiful Britain " Portfolio find described for their benefit. Sunday Closing in New York It is stated in New York cables that the publi- can! of the city have been compelled to yield on the subject of Sunday closing. The New York correspondent of The Times recently telegraphed: - Sir Wilfrid Lawson may like to hear that the liquor dealers of New York are converts to the principle of local option. This is one result of the determined enforcement of the Sunday closing law by the Mayor and the p Tice commissioners. The liquor dealers are not the only converts. There is a pretty general feeling among citizens of all classes that this it is big enough to decide for itself whether drink ought to be sold on Sunday or not. The German population of New York are almost in revolt against the doing of their beer gardens, which are generally well-conducted and orderly. The Germans number 400,000, and are among the best citizens here and else where in America. The New York States Zeitung, the leading German paper, which has a circulation of 60.0, openly threatens to throw the German vote for any party which will open the German beer gardens on Sunday." A subsequent telegram stated: "The large political issues involved in the enforcement of the Sunday closing law in New York are taking definite shape. Next autumn will almost certainly witness a struggle, not in the oily 'only, but throughout the State, between those in favour of enforcing the excise law, so long as it is the law, and those in favour of not enforcing that law, and some others. Tammany's war cry has not been taken up by Senator Hill. The question is now complicated by a decision of Jung "eAdam, of the Superior Court, who holds that the Miling even of non-alcoholic drinks on Sunday is illegal." 