THE REUNION OF CHRISTENDOM. A TRIAL SURVEY. [By Kosmos.] The object of this paper is to suggest a standpoint, available to inquirers from all sides, from which a glimpse may be had of the whole fWW DOW occupied by the various differing bodies of Christians. "All roads " do not " lead to Rome ;" for in the development of religious opinions the mind cannot properly be said to be executing a linear movement. It might more correctly be described as engaged in a process of extension and inclusion, or of rejection and exclusion. New lights thrown upon our studies, new forces brought to bear upon our affections, sometimes bring about an " overhaul " of our religious views and lead us to abandon some points so untenable or not worth holding, and to assimilate fresh ideas which commend themselves to our maturer judgment, or at least to the present condition of our feelings. Probably, in the vast majority of individual cases, there is no conscious changing of ground-their religious sphere lies all through life in the region determined by birth and natural temperament and education, undisturbed by any serious invasion, or by excursions into the religions world outside. The relations between the received beliefs or doctrines of the several Churches and sects of Christians may be summed up shortly thus will have one point (or more) in common, but their boundaries include points which are not common to all. This might be expressed by means of a diagram, containing a number of circles described on an equal number of different centres, of which each includes one bit of spice common to all. The great bulk of Christendom falls within three great national communities, viz., those known by the titles of Roman, Greek, and Anglican. Now, whilst each of these has characteristics which mark it off from the others, and form a bar to organic unity and general Inter-communion, yet their central positions cover very largely the same ground, their outworks (so to speak) constituting the chief differences. Broadly speaking, all three hold to the rule of faith of the General Councils, before the disruption of East and West they are agreed upon (a) the canon and supreme authority of Holy Scripture, to the Creeds, (c) the Sacraments of Baptism and the Eucharist, and (d) an Apustolically-descended Ministry including the orders of Bishops, Priests, and Deacons ; which we may here designate (for convenience sake) " Catholic " doctrines. On the other hand, there are the peculiarly Roman tenets or points of discipline ; the peculiarly Greek and the peculiarly English. Thus, let C (CatholIcism) = rises 4 c+d; then, Roman=C+r ; Greek=C+g; Anglican -C + e. So that a modus vivendi, which could lead to a united spiritual life,' and concerted action amongst the three great communities which include two hundred and sixty millions of East and West, must depend upon the resolving or harmonising of the three factors r, g, and Cr Whatever these symbols may represent, they are all confessedly held subject to an appeal to Holy Writ, and to the voice of the Holy Ghost, speaking in the Universal Church 6 and in hoping for unity we have the highest authority in spite of all seeming, evidence to the contrary-in saying All things are possible. Turning now to the other bodies and communities of Christian folk, which for our present purpose we may call Nonconformist it may be assumed that the greater number of them are in the main at one with the " Catholic " Churches on (say) the authority of the Canonical Scriptures, the Apostles' Creed, and the general necessity of the Two Sacraments; but dissent from them touching Holy Orders, and various matters of discipline and Scriptural interpretation. We may formulate title position thus : N (Nonconformist) = C - x. " Nonconformist " beliefs contain no doctrines that are unknown in the " Catholic '' Churches. Whatever is positive A in their position forms already a part of the ground occupied by Rome, England, and the East ; the distinctive theological spectrum exhibited by each event being accounted for by the proportionate importance ascribed by its teachers to certain aspects of the truth on the one hand, and on the other by the negative attitude adopted by them with regard to other views or tenets. Therefore we may say that - M'(Methodism) A C - x.+ m I (Congre. gitiomiliatn) = C - x 4 i ; P (Piesby terianiBm) = C - x 4 p. And so on. But it is a sign of the times that a tendency is frequently manifested nowadays to merge these minor differences-, and to bring into harmony the dissonant articles which keep many of these bodies apart. So far we have glanced briefly at the merely intellectual and dogmatic differences which have split up the body of Christendom from time to time. But we cannot overlook the fact, that whilst Human Reason has been instrumental in defining boundaries and erecting fences, a much more powerful factor has to be reckoned with in the influence of Human Sentiment ; whether it be patriotism, of loyalty, or pride, resent- ment or party spirit. When we study the beginnings in' history of any religious schism, it becomes very obvious that the breach was really kept open, and at last perpetuated by feeling rather than by reason. In surveying, then, the position of Christianity in the world to-day, we find that those who want to see the Church [one united body, opposing one undivided front to all the forces of evil, must look for means not only of solving the intellectual problems involved in those positive and negative signed, by careful and prayerful discussion and study; but also for means of overcoming those sentimental and emotional elements which have played so conspicuous a part in our divisions. And surely such a solvent might well be com- pounded, had we only at our full and complete command ther Christian- virtues of Faith, Hope, and Charity-to which we might add, Humility, and Commonsense. Often enough communities are kept apart more by forme than by things; more by definitions than by real differences. Had we all the Will, the Way would come in due time. Men will never all think and speak exactly alike ; but if only our minds could be raised to one pitch of Christian desire, the time might come when one universal keynote might be struck, to which the voice, of men (though differing as the instruments of an orchestra in quality and I compaNy would yet give ford a grand I hsrmonyhithixto undreamt of by the world. I 