THE LONG ROD POLE. 'eho facts hero related took place in the northwrstern part of sfain about the year 1836, and although I was at that time veroy ycung, inded a mere child, yet the peculiar character of the cirrum etances, the neighborhood excitement and the sad consequences which followed made an impression upon my mind that s?emts as fresh today as it did more than 10 years ago. A fete miles fromm my father's old farm them ivtrd two well to do farmers whom tee will call John and Calvin. They were rel:ted by way of lmarriage and were once great frIends, but at the time my story rolmmences they were most Inveterate en rmies. Their farms lay side by side on the rounty rto?, some fear miles from the Androncoggin river. For many years they cts their hay in silence, each one mowing down to the dividing line with the prei sion of a ma-ster mchanic Each owned a hundred rods, and through a part of the meadow ran a brook, whith, like most meadow hr?ks, wass very crooked. Now, John thought it would be an ex cellent plan to ditch his 100 rods,.imaking the brook straight, and therehy saving much land andl making his field more convenient and productive. So he con tracted with a man named Rednman to dig. 100 rods of ditch at $1 per rod. bcginning at the lower line of his farm and follow ing down the stream to Calvin's line. ledmnan came, and with his two grown up boys hl went merrily to work and John made him a rod polo for tho occa sion, but, being of a treacherous disposi tion, he made the neasure a dozen inches longer than usual, that he mlight get a good return. In this hlie did not faiL tRedman worked diligently for some days. Calvin was interested in the opera tion and carefully watched the proceed ings, often asking Riedman how many rois he had accomplished and al~ays get ting an honest reply. Ono day, as he leaned upon his scythe, he called: 'I say. h-edman, how many rods have you get along!" "Eighty." "Eighty! Well, you're getting along faost" Now, Calvin a w at one Ithat he was far too near his line fortb rods, anti, musing upon the cirnmstances, he decided theeo must it a mistake. Knowing John so well, he btr;an to suspect, as he considered the subject further, that John might be" trying to defraud iRedman, so dropping his scythe and cro.s!ng the line. he sat down near the rod pole and took off his hat to c?rl and rest himsef.lt "I ray, itedman, this is hot weather." While so sitting he took occasion to measure tiL pole which John had made, and to his delighthe found it was just one foot too long. Now, hero was fun for Cal vin. Hero was a chance toilagueo his en emy. Did he go and tell,tedman? No, not h. He laughed quietly in his sleeve and waited forltedman to finish his work. This was done, and the honest digger pre sented to John his bill for t100, received. his money and went his way. Very sron after this was accomplished Calvin disovered, to his great surprise and indignation, of coarse, that some one had been trespassing on his meadow by digging a ditch about 100 feet long near the line which separated his land from John's. Setding to John, he demanded if that ditch w.e dug by his authority. John, not suspecting' any trouble, replied that it was. Ieesiving this answer, Cal vin at once started for.the town and laid his case lxfor, the village lawyer, who at once saw that John had committed a great wrong, known to the law as willfully trespassing on the lind of a neighbor. A writ was accordingly made out, and the deputy sheriff of the county, so much dr.eaded in those times, soon made his ap pearance bfore John, attached his proper ty for the damage done to Calvin's land and summoned him to appear and show John was astonished. Ie visited the field and saw at a glance that the ditch was far over the line, aqd now for the first time the awful thou.ght flashed upon him that in making his rod pole one foot too long he had actuallydug 100 feet into Cal vin's land. lie stood aghast and then hastened to find the rod pole that he might destroy the proof of his guilt, but it was nut to be found. Ile could not un derstand where it had gone, but when he appeared in court there that ghost of a rod pole met his astonished view. IIow it cane there none but Calvin knew, and he was silent. The case was soon tried, and a reilies of guilty was rendered, with nominal damage and cost of court. This, with the advantage of his cneamy and the withering rebuke of the lawyers, was a terrible retribution for poor John. But more was yet in store. Redman raw, by the evidence at court, that be had been cheated out of 100 feet of ditch actu ally dug, so heo commenced suit against John. Agan cantmeo the sheriff, again he went to court, and again he received the miold cuts of the attorneys and thesneer of the people, with the verdict of guilty and the order of full pay to Redman and the costs of court. And yet more was in store for him. The long red pole was still kept for another use, the worst of all, for now the church, of which John limd been to all outward appearances an exemplary member, took the case in hand and expelled him from their communion and fellowship. Thusdid the biterget bit. Thus swiftly did the retributive jasticoof God overtake the poor cheat who secretly tried to rob a poor honest man of the fruit of his toiL The wretched John never heard the last of the long rod pole. It was the standing jcke for a generation, and, although nearly all the actors have long since settled their accounts with that Beilng who measures all things justly, the lesison still remainis and should teach ns that in all our deail ings with our brother man God will only pros-per us when we deal honestly and justly. When cteupted to do otherwise, let us remember the story of John, who made his rtod polo too long.-FExchange 