TOPICS OF THE HOUR. By 'Asmoaeos.' Ohiofiy Politio< frith AUualoas to Female Franohice,— Tha Departing Aotorllanagor, and Mr- Bowers' Eos Pope was rightj'JTun never is but always to he blest !' Last week the people here were going about in sackcloth and ashes and getting corns on their knees praying for rain. Well, the rain came and with it we got a spell of weather cold enough to give even the liquimaux the shivers, and yet the people are not happy. First of all it . is said that the rain poured down in certain spots only, and generally spoaking, it rained most in the spots where it was wanted least This looks as if prayer — like the homicidal ' unloaded gun ' — vra« a deuced dangerous weapon to handle, and thoso who fito it off ought to ho very careEul aboat their aita. Perhaps it would be bettor to mako prayerful petitions more exact in their wordings than they generally are — something after the style of. the devo tional request sent up by tlia matter o£ fact old farmer who prayed — ' Good Lord ! Sand mo a real good crop o'corn this season. Send down cobs az loij; j\z jm aim — not 1vom dam littlo penm-a-bandlo things you sent last season?' Ownorsof tender-foot racers fjavetbanks for tho rain which fell at Randwick, but tho mon who had llyors, with feet like brass, consider tho rain was an unjust interference with the sport, and the A.J.C. ought to roof the course in to provent a repetition of the trouble. Tho milk- sellers declare that a good fail of rain is more nccassary to the prosperity of a country than good government is, but on theoiher hand, the alion from fair Italia, the laud of Bong, cursBB BavagcW as tho rain pours down on his ico-cream cart and hisses out 'Datnnashin take ye Wasted countrce. I mako it zo better neddaro myself!' Host mm are bam 6fumblors, and they remind me of Joo Bowers'e description of his netvdcg, ' The fust night I got that dorg,' sail Joe 'I locked him in, and lie just howled and tors round tbe kitclieu all night like a whole bloomin Zoo who had suddenly gone mad. In '.ha njornin' I seed ho had gnaffed a hole pooty near through the door tryin' to get out, so I thought to uiypalf if he would rather stay out than in, I'd accnnimcrJate him with lodgins in the lack yard. Well, all night loog tiiat durned dog ran round tlic hous9 and yelped and whined and scratched, and made tho most awful fuss you ever heard, und in tho raornio', I hope I may never die, if I didn't find he had gnawed a hole almost through tbe door from the outside, o-tryiu1 to get in. That made me at mad as a boli-lailed bull in ily-time, and bo I sez : You cussed fooll won't nothing satisfy you? So tho third night I left tbe kitchen door wide open so'e the pup could please himself about Bt»yin' in or stem' out, and pickle my bloomin' head if that mejuley mongrel didn't sit on his tail in tbe doorway all night and howl about nothin' ! Dogs is wuss than Trimming. Nothin' makes 'em more dis satisfied than to let 'cm have their own way.' Host men ire not much better, and the moral to the above can be found in the ' Dorothy ' song ' 'Whether it's cold or whether it's hot, we've (rot to weather it, whether or not.' Speairing of the weather reminds me of the wind; particularly of that breeze which has Bhaken a certain reed to such a remarkable extent of late. It seems- bat yesterday sines the valiant Georgo. Reid boldly declared he would sally out with his little broom and sweep our cu-s'd Onstom House into the sea. but in the line frotby addresses he fires off now, I notice he deals remarkably gently with ?that crc&toie; Siotcction' indeed. And furthermore, it has been remarked that whenever a bonetiy inquisitive party pops up and asks why some industries should be protected by a Freetrade Government, and others left out in the cold, our. perky little Premier happens to be very deaf ia both ears at the time, and pulling down hie vest, he begins to blow himself out and talk away over the head of the man in the moon as usual. ? ? ? Personally I don't bet much on either Freetrade or Protection. The policy of tbe tropical country I hail from is absolute despotism flavoured with continental crema tion, and I fancy a modified form of that policy would bo worthy of a trial up here as well. The people of this colony have enjoyed a spell of very peculiar Freetrade and of diluted Protection also, and probably not more than one man out of s hundred ever ftlt any difference bctwCoa tho two unless he was a very poor man in search of a cut-under buggy or billiard table. « « « Between ourselves my own particular plat form is the Universal Brotherhood of Man coupled -with tbe Universal Sisterhood of Woman, 'with power to add to their nnmber, bat somehow my party nevar seems to get any larger than tbe one man and one woman with which it started; and even the woman objects to the main plank which declares that the sole costume for her sex shall be a potato bag with two arm-holes and bloomers made of galvanized iron — for use during the mosquito eeaBon only. And yet my scheme ie the only rational one put forward to secure earthly happiness : for the fewer wants we have, the more happy and contented do we all become. Tie beat of everything is quite goad enough for me ; in fact, all I want to-day is tho earth and a state of perfect idleness, fringed round with, congenial luxuries and enjoy ments. And, these things can never be obtained while peoplo wear clothes, and go in for politics and inventione, nnd all other fooleries ?which lead to nothing but vanity and vexation of spirit, and perhapB a bedroom in the Domain, ot a wharf boiler. In one of his recent promising trial-gallops in the Assembly 'Dick' Hcagher asked 'If one industry should be protected, why not all?' Now, that's a devil o£ a question, when yon face it squarely, and it reminds me of a certain bush carpenter named Jobson, who tells the following etory against himself. Onoday tho station 'boss camo to me and said it I got ia some wood and made him a dozen strong chairs ho would pay me my own price for them. X had never tackled choir making, bat I always make it a rulo to never allow ignorance to prevent me from responding to a call of duty, or coping with a contract, and so I clinched with the boss and got in my cheap timber and made my ohairs after the beet pattern I could devise oat of my own head, and the rotten etuff I had at my disposal. When I had the chairs finished I looted them over and ' found they were about is foil of holes as a/collander; in fact, as the fuunyman on tho station — be wob a Scotchman too, heaven help us ! — said, they 'were dom sight more holey than Godly,' However, I got a can of patty, and in order to keep the gaps from being seen, I jabbed putty into all the holes and made the bottom of the chairs look b.b solid and level as the floos of a ekatin' rink. When the thuts -were all ready I took them into the boss— he was another Scotchman, worse lack, but not at all funny — and he at once began to examine and poke then round the Feme as if be was a well-paid conioientioiiB judge at « furniture competition show. At lost lie took out hia knife end commenced probing round those very holes that I had filled in with putty as neatly aa a jeweller could fell in a holo in a sovereign with old gold. Finally he dug the putty out of half-a- dozen holes, and turnin' to me, he sez, 'Jobson, what's all this?1 'Putty, sir.'eaidL 'Ah,' said he ' it occurred to mo that it wasn't pork, but what has putty be doin' in ta place where ta wad ou&ht; to be ?' ? Oh,' said I, as I 6truck upon what I fancied waB a happy thought, 'that putty is put into the chairs so as to make thorn all the stronger. It'e (»uHe a now discovery, and all the boat cabinet-makers go in for that kind of thing now.' 'Is that bo ?' eaid the boss as he shut his knife and kicked tlio chairs into the yard. ' Well, it putty makes a chair stronger, you just gather up the chairs and burn them, and then inake me a dozen chairs of nothing else hut putty. You can never have too much of a good thing after all.' And in a like spirit il may be said, if protection to one industry makcB a fiscal policy 6tronger, us our warb bliag Eoid admits, why, darn .it all, lot us havo a fiscal policy which is composed of ProtectiOD solely. Not that the devil or the Government cares a dump, but as the station boss obBorved, ' You can never hare too much of a good thing.1 I was once laboring earnestly, and with great success for the good* old brimstone and sulphur cause in tho Bourko district, when a tremondaoue free fight occurred on a certain pay-day, between something like a hundred railway navvie?. Darkness put a stop to tho ructious at last, and alter surveying the huddled heaps of men hing bruised and battered on every Bide, a new arrival went oror to a fighter, who looked as if he had boon engaged in a wild dispute with a threshing-machine, and then dragged through a claugbtcr-houso, and asked him what all the row had been abou\ The wounded warrior, who was pawing round in search of bis off side car, didn't tako tbo trouble to oven look at his questioner, but in the most matter of fact way replied, 'Ob, tbo dovil n know do I kuow, but mahu alive I it \?ae glorious ehport while it lasted !' Quite a number ol electors, who fought through the thickest of the last olectioueoring campaign, might truthfully make a like remark to-dsy, for even the victors seem to have very hazy notions as regards tho main issue for which their parly struggled, A douced lot of talk has been let off by the Ministers and the grinders of their King street baipcl organ about the 'mandate of tbo people,' but to-day wo find them arguing hotly about what the real purport of that alleged mandate was. Everything is so horribly mixed with tboai in fact that popular sympathy has already wheeled round ia favor of the Upper House, nnd the 'chap to save the country' will soon havo to struggle his very derneJcat to save him-elf. To-day wo find Wriggler Keid pleading to be allowed to throw the 'people's mandate' over board, and got a mandate from tbe Privy Council; an institution which knows as much about the true state of coloaial affairs as tho Soudan donkey or ' dor Zuook of Gampbridge * does about tho Ecience of modern warfare. Tbe straight truth about Wriggler Keid is he has been wriggling so much of late that 'e dunco where e' are (o day, and it is not * peace with honor ' that ho is after at all, but office with security aad salary at any coat whatever. ? ? * Now that there soem6 to bo some show of the New Woman being 'pUcodon a lovel ?with a larrikin ' (as one advanced-thought lady recently stated the case) and allowed to revel in all the wild delights of an electioneering contest, the following item is worthy of more than passing notice. In Colorade— the place where the tig beetles come from — three women were recently ran into the Legislative Cangiass, and now we find the cleverest of the trio humbly and honfiBtlv admitting* that film *Yiag Iiai4 BnAHni, of politics to do her for a life-time ? even though it lasted as long as that of Methu ealcm's maiden aunt. She is quite euro the othor two pelticoated politicians are heartily Bick of tho business also, but they don't like to say bo out loud just at present. Upon one point thiB candid candidate Eoems very posi tive, for aha says, ' I would nevor Bend a young and pretty woman to the Senate She would have no show with so many foolish men around to flatter and cajole her into voting ?wrong.' TIiiVb the trouble here, there and everywhere. How could any pretty woman keep a level head and etill the flutter ings o£ her sensitive heart in our own Senate when Bon Jnan HcElhone began to whisper hie pretty poetical conceits in her pink ear, or the fastidious Fagsn 'knocked her' with his new tan shoes — figuratively s.ijakjn'- of course. ' ° Like castor-oil, and the Legislative Council, aad other disagreeable, things, however, the Woman's Suffrage fad may have its usee, and be productive of some good if properly handled. Speaking on this subject an old baok-block philosopher 6agely Bays, ? I don't object to this 'ere Kew Woman business so much as some men do. I look upon it as being just her natural bent for information seeking taking on to a new traak. Ifahe wasn't tryin' to find out all about Guver mint an' microbes, and hcriditary rot and the liko, she'd be tryin' to fossick out all about her neighbors, and we all kaow that loads to much tribulation of spirit and police court cases. Let Missus Mumps get taken up with this 'ere franchise foolory, and she won't have time to notice that her next door neighbor, Mr Sumps, comes homo as drunk as a fiddler six nights a week; and just give Mrs Dumps plenty of suffrage stuff to akito about and she won'tto trouble spread the news around that the Mumps' people are as mean as dirt, and they're always on the move through not bein' able to pay their rent. There's a lot o' good in all this political woman's worry when you come to boil it down.' ? * ? Ifanager-Actor Eignold has had a first class 'send- off,' and no one can say it was not well-deserved, for he did a deal in his day to place good, clean, sterling plays beforo tho people, and to etago them in a proper faahion al6o. It has been 6aid that the playhouse, like Parliament, is pretty much what the people make it, and certainly it requires no ghost from tha grave to proclaim tho fact that the appearance of a thoatrioal company, mainly composed of pretty women who adorn their bsauty with the choicest dressing in one aot, and come out in the next as 'maids mid der nodings on,' just to show thore is no deception, will always be welcomed by bumper houses. At times it seems as if tho theatre is taking the placs of the illustrated fashion paper, and the drawing power of an actress is getting more and more dependent upon two things — what she has on, and what she hasn't Joseph of Gauoan may preach morality to fair houses for a week or so, but for a good, Bteaay drawing Bpeo the Gaiety girls can dance round Pharoab's Prime Minister any day, or any night either, ? ? « Sydney is plunged in gloom to-day aver the loss of the Gaiety Girls, but Providence temyora the wind to the eharn lamb, and by way of affording our disconsolate Johnnies and blowsy bald- heads some soulful consola tion the 'Daily Telegraph ' has been printing the peorless portraits of the beauteous belles of tho Wfrnan's Christian TemptmancQ Union. These will do much to dispel the gloom, of oourse, but still it must bo admitted that the Gaiety Girls are a wondrous lot, and it eoeme to me that it would be advisable far the match-making mamas at England's fine eld nobility to buy the whole Gaiety Girl troupe «nt, even at the girl's own valuation, on con dition that they went off to some N.G, place at the other end of the world, and stayed there as well. ? ? w The trouble of the 'toffs' goes further than tbe eaid mammas too, for a London critic declares the Gaiety goddose.ee constitute a greater peril to tho llouse of Lords thnn the Radical politicians do. The scions of noble houses go down before the light artillery of beauty's eyes, without any show o£ resistance whatever. In the case of Lord Garmoyle (or 'Gumboil') afterwards Eev! Cairns, engaged to Misa 1'ortoecue, and of Viscount Dangan, now Earl Oowley, engaged to marry Phyllis Broughton (Dot to mention a horoino now here), these dainty damee captured their victims by Love'e sweet tmtii and then, after the fashion of Greek brigands, refused to let them go except under & pay ment of £10,000 chosh down. They got the money too, and the right man camt along along Boon after as a mattor of course, * * ? It is pleasing to ba ablo to state that a roilly practical uso has been found for a hus band at last, and ladies of advanced views who affect to despise matrimony may now ba brought to look upon that good, old-faahioned institution with more favorable oyes, Mr George Phillip Lamb is tho very appropriate name of a London grocer, who, in conjunction with hie much bettor half, runs a Bhop, the management of which is conducted ou very well-defined lines indeed. ? * * Mrs Lamb as the sole control of the busi noss, and Mr Lamb keeps np his end of tho partnership by going to gaol in order to avoid paying the rates. In this way oon sidcraDle economics are offectod, for lira Lamb philosophically observes, 'Lamb couldn't earn the rato money during the timo he has to remain iu gaol', and he gets his board and lodging thrown in as well ' — which I lake to be a groat consideration in the case of a husbaud who happens to ba a hearty eater, and also snores in his sleep. * K * For fourteen years this gentle Lamb has not paid a cent of taxes, but always ? touk them out ' in gaol, to which he goes liko ;i lamb to the slaughter, and from which 1-., returns like a giant refreshed with colono beer. Thie novel plan for making a husbann. useful as well as ornamental is ono that in be worked in any country, nnd itwasfu.l-' explained to tho London magistrate by tli ? rate- collector, who asked for another con demnation against tho alleged head ot thi. House o£ Lamb for £7, which was thon div . Lamb, as usual, did not turn up, a eenttuo of six woeks' imprisonment was recorded, and when the officer called round to enforce it, Mrs Lamb called out cheerily to hor epouso, who was Eanding sugar in a back room, 'Henry, put on your old clothes; you'vo got to go to gaol for another sixer ? that's £1 3s 8d a week you'll save us now; it's a mercy your good for something after all!' This to the father of eleven children too, but Henry heeded not tho Blight, bat amblod gleefully off to gaol. New Women will therefore bo glad to learn that there is. at least one husband who thoroughly under stands his proper position in tho great 6oci.il scheme — and there may be somo old husbands wedded to New Womon who will welcomo a spell in prison as a most Ewect relief from the tiresome turmoil of their married livos. ? * » Ia a newspaper account of an unfor tunate cycling acoident which happened in the Strand, we read : — 'The father of tho child, who was riding au old solid-tyred Kangaroo, was also thrown from tho saddle and slightly injured.' One is not surprised to hear it. An oM ? solid-tyred Kangaroo might cause the most accom plished cavalier to ' void- his selle.' 