Canadian Crisis. If we may believe all that we hear ever so many self-governing communities are in a condition commonly called a orisis. But this state of things is bo common that we shall soon coase to use the term erisis as applicable to it. There is said to bo a crisis in Canada. The province of Manitoba resolved to liavo a national system or oducation. The central Government of Canada resolved that Manitoba should have a mixed system of education. The province of Manitoba says in reply to tho central Government, " "Wo are going to have just what wo like, not what you like." It should be remembered that tke central Government of Canada is not a federa tion ; it is a homogeneous Government. Tho Provinces of Canada have not a grain of sovereign power left' with them. In kind, thoir provincial government is similar to our local govornmont. Tho difference between tbe two as to power is ono of dogroe. Had it not beon so tbo central Government would never have dared to dictate to a provincial Govern- mont what it should do. It is because the central Government has the un divided sovereign power of the peoplo in it tbat it can do this thing, That is tho sort of government whioh tho early promoters of federation in Australia wanted to set up here. It was to bo a federation " somewhat on tho model of Canada under the Crown." Let us sup pose that such a federation had been established when it was first projected. It would now be possible for its contra! Government to say that Queensland must abandon her national system of educa tion nnd revert to the old system of State aid to denominational sohools. Of course a stout resistanco would be offorcd, and there would be in Queensland a crisis similar to that in Canada. Is tbat an argument in favour of a form of federation whose central Government absorbs all the sovereign power of the community ? The incident is suggestive also as showing that this old bugbear of denominational education dios very hard. "With all that is known of its faulti- nosB_ when it had the entire field to itself; and with all that is known of the benefits of the national system, bow overwhelming they are, tho old mischief, like any other old mischief,' dies as if it had as many lives as a oat. The control Government of. Canada will have to back' down and suffer a dis creditable defeat. The day has gone by for this sort of thing. Periodically attempts will be mado to revive it. Experience shows tbat it is muoh more easily enoountered ahd overcome by separate than by central government. "Were there a ghost of a ohance to raise it here, it would /be raised at.thenoxt general election ; as it is, it may be raised. "With the example of Canada before them it is nesessary that the electors of Queensland should keep a watchful oyo on tho subject. 