KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XIX. KNIGHT AND PAGE. It was a noticeable fact—noticed chiefly by Sir Arthur Tregenna and Squire Talbot—that neither Miss Herncastle nor Miss O'Donnell returned to the drawing-room. For Captain O'Donnell, he did not even perceive his sister's absence. He sat a little apart from the others, turning over a book of photo- graphed celebrities, and never seeing one of them. One question was revolving itself over and over again in his brain, until he was dizzy. Had Katherine Dangerfield died six years ago, or had she not? If she had not, who then lay in that quiet grave in the Methodist church-yard ? If she had who then, in the name of all that was wonderful, was Helen Herncastle ? He thought till his brain was dazed. ''Lady Cecil Clive, with Sir Arthur seated near her, glanced furtively across the length of the drawing-room at Redmond O'Donnell's dark, tired face, and sombre, blue eyes, and wondered, with a sort of awe, of what he could be thinking so intently and sternly. ''There is but one way,'' he said to himself, moodily ; ''a way I hate to take, and yet — for every one's sake— for Rose's, for Tregenna's, for Sir Peter's, it should be taken. If Katherine Dangerfield was buried six years ago, Katherine Dangerfield cannot be here. My mind is made up.'' He rose with the air of one who shakes off a burden ''I'll wonder no longer. No possible harm can come of it, and it will put an end to this juggling ghost-seeing — this mystification. I'll do it. And I'll begin the first thing tomorrow morning.'' He took his leave and went home. It was a brilliant summer night, and, as he neared the fields, he stopped and looked suspicisusly around. But if he looked for Miss Herncastle, no Miss Herncastle was to be seen. It was long past midnight when he reached the Silver Rose, but even then he did not go to bed. He lighted a cigar, and sat down by the open window, to smoke and think. The town was very quiet, the lights all out — the stars and Captain O'Dounell had the peace and beanty of the sweet July night all to themselves. He sat there, darkly thoughtful, for over an hour. When he threw himself on his bed, he had thought it all out. His whole plan of action lay clear before him. At ten o'clock next morning he began. He took his way through the town, to that pleasant cottage adjoining the church-yard, wherein Katherine Dangerfield, six years ago, had died. ''I have warned her',' he thought, ''and she will not be warned. She must take the conse- quences now.'' A family, named Wilson, resided in the cottage at present — that much he had ascertained at his inn. They had taken possession the very week in which Mr. Otis had left, and had been there ever since. Mrs. Wilson, a rosy little matron, answered the door in person, and ushered her military visitor at once into the parlour. Captain O'Donnell's business with Mrs. Wilson was very simple. He understood that the servant-woman who had lived in the family of Mr. Otis, six years ago, was now in the service of Mrs. Wilson. His business was with that servant. Could he see her a moment or two in private ? The little mistress of the cottage opened two bright, brown eyes in surprise, but answered readily in the affirmative. He meant Dorcas, of course. Dorcas had come to her with the house, and Dorcas was in the kitchen at present, and would wait upon the gentleman at once. Mrs. Wilson went, and Dorcas came — a stout, elderly woman, with an intelligent face. ''I wish to obtain a few particulars concerning the sudden death of a young lady in this house six years ago,'' the chasseur began, plunging into his subject at once. '' You remember her, of course ? Her name was Katherine Dangerfield.'' Yes, Dorcas remembered perfectly well, remem- bered as though it were yesterday. She had come to the cottage late in the evening — a cold, dark winter evening it was — to see the sick young man. Mr. Dantree. Mr. Otis himself had let her in. The next thing she heard, half an hour later, was Mrs. Otis scream. She rushed in. Miss Dangerfield was lying then on the sofa, white and still, and Dr. Graves said she was dead. ''You 6aw her dead ?'' ''Yes, poor dear, and a beautiful corpse she made, calm, and white, and peaceful, and looking more as though she were asleep than dead.'' ''How long was she kept here before she was buried ?'' the soldier asked. ''Only two days, sir, and she looked lovely to the last. I remember her well, lying in her coffin, with flowers all round her, like marble or wax-work, and misses a-crying over her, and master with a face like white stone. I saw it all, sir ; saw the coffin-lid screwed down, saw her carried out — and a fine respectable funeral she had— all the gentry of the neighbourhood, poor dear young lady.'' ''Humph !'' Captain O'Donnell said, knitting his brows. Katherine Dangerfield had died, then, and Miss Herncastle had nothing whatever to do with her in spite of all the astounding coincidences. ''One question more, my good woman. How long after the funeral was it that Mr. Otis left this place for London ?'' ''About a month, sir — yes, just a month. I think they would have gone sooner, but for the un- expected arrival of his cousin, the sick young lady from Essex.'' Captain O'Donnell had risen to go. At these last words he suddenly sat down again. ''The sick young lady from Essex ? Ah! I think this may be what I want to hear. When did you say the sick young lady came ?'' '' On the very identical night of the funeral, sir, and most unexpected. I had gone to bed, and misses, she came to my room next morning before I was up, all white and in a tremble, and says to me, ? Dorcas, get up at once and heat water for a ' bath;' and then she sat down in a chair, looking fit to drop. I asked her if any one was sick, and she said yes — a young lady who had came in the night, a niece of hers from Essex, and who was going to stop with them for a few days. She begged me to keep it a secret. The young lady was weak-like in her intellect, and they would be obliged to confine her to her room. I promised not to speak of it, for misses she looked trembling, and frightened to death almost. And so she was, all the time the strange young lady was in the house.'' ''How long as that ?'' ''Not quite a fortnight, sir; and a sight of bother she made — all her meals took up to her room, and misses a-trotting up and down all day long, a-wait- ing upon her herself.'' ''What was she like—this young lady ?'' Dorcas shook her head. ''That I couldn't tell, sir. I never laid eyes on her, leastwise except once. Master and misses, they kept waiting on her, all day long, and misses she slept with her in the same room at night." '' But you saw her once ?'' ''Yes, sir, but it was by an accident, and at night. I didn't see her face. She never stirred out all day long, and at night I used to hear sounds of foot-steps, and doors softly opening and shutting. One night I watched. I heard the house door shut softly, and directly after I espies master walking in the back garden, with a lady on his arm. It was a cloudy sort of a night, and I couldn't see her very plainly— I couldn't see her face at all. She was tall, and dressed in dark clothes, and— but this was only a notion of mine — if Miss Dangerfield hadn't been dead and buried, I should have said the height and the figure were like hers.'' The blood rose dark and red over the sun-browned face of the African soldier. For an instant his breath seemed fairly taken away. '' Well ?'' he said, in a tense sort of whisper. Dorcas looked at him in surprise. '' Well, sir,'' she said, ''the very next night after that the sick young lady ran away. I don't know whether they had been keeping her against her will or not, but in the dead of night she ran away. When misses awoke next morning, she found the bed empty, the door unlocked, and Miss Otis (they called her Miss Otis) gone. She screamed out like one crazy, and ran down in her night-clothes to master's room. I saw him as he came out, and ex- cept when he looked at Miss Dangerfield dead in her coffin, I never saw him wear such a face. I declare it frightened me. He searched the house and the garden, but she was nowhere to be found. Then he set off for the station, and discovered (I heard him tell his mother so) that a tall young lady, dressed in blank, and closely veiled, had gone up to London by the very first train. That same day, he got a telegraph dispatch from London, and he went up at once. He came back in three days, looking dreadfully gloomy and out of spirits. His mother met him in the hall, and said : ''Well, Henry, is she safe ?'' in a flurried sort of a way ; and he pushed her before him into the parlor, and they had a long talk. Miss Otis never came back, and two weeks after master and mistress went up to town themselves for good. That's all, sir.'' It was quite enough. Captain O'Donnell rose again. His grave face had resumed its usual habitual calm ; he had heard all he wanted — more than he had expected. He pressed a half sovereign into Dorcas' willing palm, bade Mrs. Wilson good morning, and departed. His face was set in a look of fixed, steady deter- mination, as he quitted the cottage and returned to Castleford. He had taken the first step on the road to discovery— come what might, he would go on to the end now. The middle of the afternoon brought Lanty Lafferty to Scarswood Park, with a note from the captain to Miss Rose. It was only a brief word or two, saying he had gone up to London by the mid- day train, and would probably not return for a couple of days. Miss O'Donnell was in her room, suffering from a severe attack of nervous headache, when this was brought her. She looked at the bold, free charac- ters, then pressed her face down among the pillows, with a sort of groan. ''And I intended to have told him all today,'' she said, '' as I should have told him long ago, if I had not been a coward. To think — to think that Miss Herncastle should have known from the first. Ah ! how shall I ever dare tell Redmond the pitiful story of my folly and disobedience ?'' To be continued.) 