(Krigmal |3aptr. THE DEVOTIONAL STUDY OF HOLY SCEIPTUEE. (Bt Rev. Regihald Stephen, M.A.) Befobe speaking of the ' Devotional Study of Holy Scripture,' the ,' term devotional must first be defined. Some take it as referring to the. method of study, as implying, for instance, a certain frame of mind in which the spirit of criticism has given place to the spirit of prayer ; but this morning I shall use the term as defining the object of study rather than the method. We can, of course, read the Holy Scriptures with many different objects in view. We can read it as history to get information ; we can read it as a national literature to develop our culture ; we can read it, as we sometimes do, from a professional point of view — to get materials for teaching. But there is another object which seems most in agreement with the intention of the Scriptures, and that is to build up the character and develop the spiritual life. And that seems to be the definition of devotional study — viz., that study which aims at building up the character of the student and the development of his spiritual life. The duty of this study is impressed upon the clergy at the time of their ordination. In that part of the Ordination office which is peculiar to the Church of England we were reminded by the Bishop — 'We have good hope that you will continually pray to God the Father for the heavenly assistance of the Holy Ghost, that by daily reading and weighing of the Soriptures ye may wax riper and stronger in your ministry, and that ye may so endeavour yourselves, from time to time, to sanctify the lives of you and yours, and to fashion them after the rule and doctrine of Christ, that ye may be wholesome and godly examples and patterns for the people to follow.' I want to call your attention to three thoughts suggested by this passage. First, it is assumed that the Scriptures have the power of moulding and sanctifying life. And I need not stop to discuss the evidence for this assumption. But granting, as we must, this power of the Scriptures, upon what does it rest? It rests upon their inspira tion. It rests upon the fact that holy men of old spoke and wrote as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, and that the Bible is the result of that inspiration. And this is a position from which we can never be dislodged by criticism. Our views of inspiration, of its nature or its method, may be modified or corrected, but the fact of inspiration is unassailable. There seems to be a complete parallel between the relation of physical science to the natural world and the relation of the science of criticism to the Holy Scriptures. Physical soience can never disprove the presence of God in nature. Even if the logical proof of His absence seemed complete, the Christian would rely complacently on a higher than intellectual proof — on his own consciousness of the presence of God. And so with the Bible. Even if criticism denied and seemed to disprove the fact of inspiration, the Christian whose spirit, through those sacred pages, had come into contact with the Divine Spirit, could afford to smile at a logic which was in opposition to the deepest fact in his own nature. In both cases the personal consciousness of a Divine presence would be far more convincing than any merely intellectual demonstration. And the parallel may be carried further. What is the actual effect of physical science ? It cannot disprove the presence of God, but it can explain the method of His working; it can correct erroneous . conceptions of His character, and it can disclose more of His greatness and His glory. We cannot doubt that theology owes a vast debt to science in this respect — that science has helped mankind to form a far grander and nobler conception of God than was ever before possible. And so with the science of. criticism. The effect of true criticism must be simply to define and explain the mode of inspiration, and the means of its working; and already we have learnt much by its help. We have been led to recognise the orderly, the progressive character of Divine teaching. It is not capricious; it is not indepen dent of human limitations. But God teaches truth as men are able to bear it, using the methods and the forms which are familiar, gently and tenderly leading nations and men upwards, little by little, ' step, by step, making allowance for human weakness, and for the dim vision which might be blinded by excess of light. We have learnt this, and we hope to learn much more in the same way. In times past the Church feared physical science, for she feared it must be godless. She has now seen her error, and claims science as her hand maid; and so must she do with criticism. No doubt many foolish things and many sinful things have been said in the name of criticism, as in the name physical science ; but the folly and the sin will pass and only the truth survive, and the truth will lead to clearer ? and nobler views of the methods of Him who of old time by divers portions and in divers manners spake unto the fathers in the prophets. However, that is the first thought suggested — that the Holy Scriptures have the power to mould and sanctify life, because they are not only human utterances, but utterances inspired and selected by God Himself. Ana tne second tnougnt suggested is tnat Deiore tney exercise tnis power fully they must be studied. We were told not only to read them daily, but to weigh the Scriptures. '; And the reason is that there are human means employed, human j ; channels for the Divine message. ''Holy men of old received the message as a light to their own darkness, as a comfort and stay to their own souls,' and we have to . understand the characters of these men, and to realise their circumstances, to put ourselves side by side with them and to enter by sympathy into their experience, before we can understand the fulness of the message for ourselves. No doubt by mere devotional reading we can gain much; we can take those passages which our own life helps us to realise, and interpret them in the light of our own experience. But without study we lose much, for the limits of our own life and experience are far too narrow. We ought to be able to put ourselves in the place of men of varied natures and varied needs, and see how those natures were enriched and those needs satisfied. And so the truth which appeals most strongly to our nature is modified and amplified by the truths taught to other men. No one man's life, no one man's experience, will serve to interpret a many-sided revelation. We must study, we must weigh the words, we must compare Scripture with Scripture, if we wish to gain more than a narrow and prejudiced knowledge. The Holy Scriptures then contain a Divine utterance, and so they have a power to sanctify life. But they are human channels, and so the human mind must study the human conditions. But the ordination charge also reminds us that the Divine utterance can only be understood by Divine help. We are to pray for the heavenly assistance of the Holy Ghost. The written record is the result of His inspiration and selection. But He is the Interpreter now, as well as the Inspirer then. As the author of the Imitation of Christ says : — 'Do Thou speak, 0 Lord God, the Inspirer and Enlightener of all the prophets ; for they without Thee can profit nothing. They, indeed, may utter words, but they cannot give the Spirit. Most beautifully do they speak, but if Thou be silent they inflame, not the heart. They teach the letter, but Thou openest the sense ; they bring forth mysteries, but Thou unlockest the meaning of sealed things. They cry aloud in words, but Thou impartest understanding to the hearing.' Is not this a matter of common experience? One man will read the most sublime passages from St. Paul or St. John, or even the very words of Christ Himself. And yet for him there will be no spiritual message, for he has not yielded his heart to the enlightening influence of the Holy Ghost. Another reads a few verses where, perhaps, the evidence of inspiration seems weakest, and yet he finds there Divine teaching. Let me quote to you an instance recorded by the late Bishop of New York: — 'A young man was listening in a church to the long list of names recorded in the fourth chapter of Genesis, of men who lived between Adam and Noah, precisely one of those passages of which flippant modern sceptics are ready to say— they are antiquated and out-grown. Yet, as this thoughtless student heard the verses of this old genealogical chronicle fall from the reader's lips — quaint proper names of dead men out of mind— they came to him in a new and solemn way. He only heard it said of one antediluvian after another, that he was born, lived so long, died, and was buried. The young man considered it; so many men lived, died, and were buried. That is the sum then of human life. So will it be said some day of me. Is that all then? Is that the end? Why do I live, and where shall I live after my body is buried? And so his thoughts ran on until his life was changed. That dry succession of texts became a fountain of living water in the desert.' We have seen, then, that the human side of inspiration demands study on bur part. But the power of the Scriptures to sanctify life is based upon the work of the Holy Ghost in the past, and the power of interpreting the Scriptures comes from the work of the Holy Ghost in the present. We must study, but all the power comes not from our study, but from God. Surely that suggests the spirit in which we should study, the spirit of deepest humility. We open our Bibles, and we remember that unless the Holy Ghost teaches us it is an absolutely sealed book. The power of intellect and the training of the intellect may count for much in other directions, but not in this. There are one or two special ways in which this humility should be shown. First, in the direction of our reading. Many of us are too ready to limit our reading by our own preferences. We have our favourite parts of the Bible, but other parts seem to be less full of spiritual teaching, and so we neglect them. But if a passage has never brought light or teaching to us, that may only mean that we have not been sufficiently careful to ask for the Divine revelation, and a true humility would bring us back to seek for the blessing which our own self-confidence had denied to us. Then, again, the humble student of the Bible, just because he relies upon the help of the Holy Spirit, will be ready to listen to the voice of the Church. Is there not at least a presumption that the interpretation put forward by the Church is more likely to be correct than that of any individual member? Accept most fully the belief that the Holy Spirit will lead each Christian to all necessary truth, and yet why should you suppose that the illumination and guidance given to the whole body are inferior to the gifts granted to yourself? Does it not savour of spiritual pride to suppose that the Church. is in darkness while you have the light of life? The humble student depends on the teaching of the Spirit, but he is not too proud to receive it through the Church inspired by the Spirit. And in the last place, the humble student of the Scriptures will abstain from hasty and self-confident judgments. In every passage there are depths of meaning which he has not discovered. As St. Augustine said long ago — 'No one hath ever so spoken as to be understood of everyone in every particular; much more doth the Holy Ghost Himself alone possess the full understanding of all His own words.' And so, even though convinced of the truth of the teaching that we have received, we shall not rashly conclude that another message to another man is necessarily false ; we cannot see exactly the same ray of light as our neighbour, but we dare not deny that his light is of the same kind, and comes from the same source, and there are other rays of light which at present neither of us can see. I might speak of the need of diligence in study, of the need of perseverance, of the need of prayer, but I confine myself to this one point. We are pledged as priests of the Church to daily reading and weighing of the Scriptures; but if this is to make us wax riper and stronger in our ministry, if it is to sanctify our lives, we must before all things have humility. 