CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. CHRISTIAN CONVENTION. An all-day Christian Convention in connec tion with the Wesleyan Methodist Church was held in the Pirie-street church on Thurs day. The morning was devoted^ to a confe rence and grayer meeting for ministers only. A noonday service, conducted by the Rev. J. Berry,, was held from 1 to 2 o'clock, and these will be continued every Thursday, for the next three months. The church was well filled. The subject of the sermon was "The baptism of the Holy Ghost," which, said the preacher, was suggested by the conference of ministers and the meetings to. be held during the day. He announced that the collections at tho noon day services would be given to the Nursing Sister fund and to other charities which from time to time might seem deserving. The afternoon session was well attended. The Rev. Thomas Lloyd gave an address on "The church and aggressive work." He said the word "church" did not mean any section of the church, but the Church of the living God. He defined the "church" as "those who do the will of God." That Church of God has lasted for a very long time, and he thought its start was coeval with the announcement of re demption. He firmly believed in A'the voice of God" to-day in the nineteenth" century. Perhaps it was not heard in the same manner as in centuries ago, but he believed it was heard now deep down in the individual souls of men. They were guided in their work by the Word of God. He took the whole of that book, and if the church allowed any part of it to go it was unfaithful to its sacred trust, 'l'hiy must submit to what the Bible said without ca villing. All sections of the church were guided by the same book so they should not be jealous of one another, but should work together to help towards the one great end A discussion followed, and many of those pre sent testified to the truth of what the speaker had said with respect to "the voice of God." The Rov. .Charles Lane then gave a short address on "The saving grace of God." A social tea followed in the lecture- hall. The evening, meeting was attended by a large number of people. The president of the Con-! ference (the Rev. H. II. Teague) presided, and in opening the meeting said it was considered to be appropriate in arranging the programme to make some special provision for the young people, who had a sphere no less than the'older people, and the present meeting was meant to emphasise this fact. There were branches of work which the young people could do better than their elders. Hopefulness, for instance, might especially bB put apart for young people. They had not met with the defeats, disappointments, &c.;, that the elders had, and consequently they had plenty of that hopeful ness which was so necessary for success. Joyousness and enthusiasm was represented in the young people, and these were two great factors towards success. The elders wanted them, and their zeal, enthusiasm, and hopeful ness. The solutions of the problems which were at present puzzling the world rested with the young, and he wanted them to realise how much depended upon them. Addresses were given by the Rev. C. H. Ingamells on "Early devotion to Christ," and the Rev. II. T. Bur gess on " Early attachment to the church." 