CHAPTER xxvrr. The telegram that Bad summoned Lady Donluee upon Ber mysterious journey early on that fatal November afternoon was of tho briefest. "Pound. Come as soon as yon like* X wait bere for your reply.—John Coverdale Lodore Hotel, Keswick." The reply was decisive— . . " I start for Keswick by the 2.10 train to day.—Sibyl Dunluce." 3Xr. Coverdale was waiting on the platform when the train arrived. The grave, kindly face seemed like a welcome, and Lady Donluee felt cheered and sustained by his friendly greeting. He had a carriage waiting for her. looked after her maid and her luggage, and then took his seat beside herv uzid spared her all anxious agitating questions by telling her his story at once, and fully. "In the first place I hare found him,"' ho said, "plain facts first, and details afterwards. I have found him—he is desperately HI—a changed man from the man you remember at Ellerslie. You must bear that in Lady Donluee. Too have to prepare yourself for a terrible shock in seeing him after a lapse of years, which hare done more to alter him, poor fellow, than twice the number would in any ordinary life/.* . " Desperately ill—so ill, so changed," she faltered, trying to keep back ho* tears. " TeU me the worst—don't be afraid to tell me. Will he know me again ? Is his mind affected F* " Seriously affected, I fear. I would not say that reason is altogether gone, hut it Li no longer a sane mind. There are hallucinations, alternating with a dull apathy. The treatment .may not have been cruel—has not been actively cruel—for there have been interval* tince yesterday in which he has talked rationally, and answered all my questions about his life at St. Jude's with perfect clearness and under standing—bat it has been the worst possible treatment for such a case as his.*' " It has been murder/* said Sibyl between her set teeth, "slow, deliberate murder, and these people at St. «Tuue*s have acted as hired murderers." 44 3fr. Carpew has been your brother-in-law's paid agent. I think there is no doubt of his guilt in that degree. 3Ir. TTrquhart has ao extraordinary influence over him—some stronger hold than money. But it Is not worth whil-j to enter upon that question. The wrong has been done, and it cannot be undone. It ii possible that this poor fellow might have de generated—in bodily aud mental health—nr.Jei the happiest circumstances/* " "What does tho doctor say—no doubt yuv have called in a doctor r" "The man of highest repute in tfu neighbourhood. He considers the case one ct epilepsy, pure and simple—epilepsy m that severe form in which the frequent attacks tenc towards lunacy, and too often result in lunacy. He docs not think the patient likely to be long lived." "Long-lived, a life of misery! Ob, God! to think of what he was when I knew him Oh, ii you could have seen him then, 3Tr. Coverdale—young, handsome, a king among men. His mind so highly cultivated—knowing, and loving uH the books I loved. So fall of enthusiasm—telling us of adventures tha showed such courage and ready wit—un consciously, for he was the last of men to boast of what he had done. And now you tell mt that he is a wreck—a wreck in mind and bodj —a creature tu be pitied. To hear you - speai of him just now as 4 this poor fellow* "/ She burst into tears, cru*hed ami humfluted, as if Brandos* ^rountford'* hunriliatSon bowed her proud head to the duau "Pray, bear •with me," she said, as John Coverdale murmured some kindly consoling' ■words, hardly knowing what he said, his heart aching for herasit had neverached before for a woman in sorrow. " Think what it is for me . to hare loved him—ns I did lore him—these lips told me so—a few hours before Mario Arnold's death—and to find him—thus. Bear with me, Hr. Corerdale. You are a good man, my true, kind friend—the only friend I can Icok to now." John Coverdale was silent, not daring to trust himself to speech in answer to that declaration of friendship. For him, too, af Sibyl Dtxnlcce, life seemed a hard riddle to read just now. "Hcnr did you find him F* she asked after a pause. / They were driving along the road by the lake, through the drizzling rain. An expanse of dark gray water stretched in front of them, with mountains on either side, and wintry gloom brooding over mountain and lake. " It was not easy—but still it only required patience and the following up of every clue. I hare had to hunt for people in the Bast Bud, and I hare found out that than is only one way of doing it. I had the Keswick police to help mc—two men who know the neighbour hood for a good many miles round, and with their help I soon discovered traces of him. A \- mysterious arrival of an invalid gcrjleman in a lonely farmhouse on the further side of Batter mere had been heard of at an inn in the neighbourhood—an inn used by excursionists in summer, but almost deserted at this time of the year. "We found the man who drove them there. Not one of the flymen who ordinarily meet the trains, but a man from a livery yard, engaged by a telegram overnight. " Had one of the station flies been employed we should have made, our discovery much sooner, for naturally my first inquiries were among those men."- ' " What kind of a place—what kind of people?" asked Sibyl. "A decent farmhouse; very lonely,'& place to hide in—decent kindly people, anxious to do 1 their utmost for their charge, I believe. He had been sent to them by Mr. Carpcw, whom th6y had known years ago, when they had a farm near St. Jnde's—a form on your father's estate. They knew nothing of the man who .broughthim, had*never seen him before to their knowledge, but they knew Mr. Carpew, and were willing to oblige him.. They were to be paid for the gentleman's board and lodging, and for a man to look after him, and all that was wanted was seclusion and secrecy. The poor gentleman had relatives who wanted to put him in a lunatic asylum, and who would perhaps make out a case of lunacy against him if they could get hold of him, though he was by no means a lunatic. Mrs. Hoflis, the farmer's wife, seems a kindly soul, and her sympathies . were aroused hy story." »Thank > God," he has cot fallen among thieves—so fax as these people are concerned. Are yon taking me to him—now?" " I am taking you to the hotel, where I have engaged rooms for you. I hope you will rest quietly for to-night—and to-morrow, morning we will start for the farm as early as you like." ""Why should I wait till to-morrow? Iam longing to see him—to know the worst about him. You tell me he is ill—a broken man. Your manner implies that he is very HI. He may die before to-morrow morning, and then I shall go down to my grave without having seen the wreck which I helped to make." " Lady Dunluce, you must not look at this story in that light. No one can tell how much or how little influence surrounding circum stances may have had upon him. It is possible that he was doomed to suffer as he has done— that in the brightest surroundings his fate would have been the same. And if he com mitted the crime for which he was arrested—'' ."No, no, no! He did not commit that crime. Don't speak of it. I am angry at the thought of my own folly—the web of lies in which I was caught. Let us goto the farm at once. "We can stop at the hotel, Just to get rid of Ferriby and the luggage, and then drive on." "Not on a dark night like this, Lady Dunluce. The distance is too long. The drive would not be withont danger, and you would see the patient at his worst, startled by such a \- late arrival." " I want to see him at his worst. I want . to know all he has Buffered in these long, ^dreary years." f'But think what the shock might be for him. He must be prepared for seeing you." "Is he not prepared alfeady? Have you \- told him nothing of my anxiety about his fate —my bitter grief for his sufferings r" "Yes, I have spokra. of you;' but perhaps not enough. Be assured it will be better for you and for him that you should defer the " meeting tifl to- morrow." Xqvl hgye so good to me that I cannot disobey too," Sibyl answered with a sgh. " What is the name of the hofei where I.am to stop?" she asked. x "The Lodore. I thought you would like to be by the lake, and away from the town." " Yes. I gave them no address when I was leaving. X was afraid D unlace might follow me and interfere in some manner. . I most go back to-morrow afternoon, when we have decided what is to be done.*' " Has Mr. Mountford no near relations ? Is be quite alone in the world;" "Quitealone. He has no relation nearer than my grandfather, Lord Ailandale, and they are only second cousins, a relationship which docs not count for much in a large family 10m my grandfather's. I was interested in him for another reason over and above relationship. His hither loved my mother—hopelessly—loved her after he was bound to another., His son told rae the story of that sad hopeless love. Oh, Mr. Coverdale forgive me," she said, startled by a stifled sob from the man sitting by her side, " pray forgive me if I have touched upon I some sad story* of you own—some past ex perience " I "No, no; it was nothing," he said hastily. "That land of story—the idea of a hopeless love, a hopeless grief, manfully battled with— is always pathetic. You remember Warring ton's story—a mere episode in' Pendennis.' It moves one more than all the rest of the book, doesn't it? Ah, here we are at the Lodore; and now I shall leave you to get all the rest you can till next morning." The carriage stopped in front of the hotel; Lady Dnnlucc's maid alighted, the porter took the Inggage, lights shone brightly in the hall within, with all the stir and bustle of an im portantarrival. Head waiter and head chamber maid were in eager attendance to show the way to her ladyship's rooms. A titled visitor at that dead season of the year was worthy of the utmost homage. "I am staying at the .Keswick Hotel," Mr. Coverdale said, as he bade good- night; "but I will be withyou as early as you like to-morrow, with a carriage and a good pair of horses. You had better bring your maid. The journey will be long and tiring; and if we should have a hopelessly wet day-—" " I am not afraid of bad -weather. "Would 8 o'clock be too eariyieryou to be here?" "Not too early for me. HI can get the livery people to be astir early I -will be with youvat 8. Only I beg that you will try to rest to-night. They bare given you rooms looking towards the lake, and I hope the Bonnd of the waterfall will be only loud enough to serve as a slumber song." . "Do not think of me. Ton have taken worlds of trouble. I don't know how I shall ever thank you." r "Don't thank me. I have to take much more trouble'at the East End for duty's sake. It will be my most cherished.memory that you looked to me for help in your anxieties. Good night." , * He did not even stop to shake hands with her, but left her with a stiff bow that seemed curiously at variance with the suppressed emotion in the tones of his voice. He went back to the carriage through the rain, and she heard him drive away, leaving her with the long evening before her at a strange hoteL A two hours' drive in the dear morning air brought Lady Dnnluce and her companion to a solitary farmhouse hidden among the hills, a spot more lonely than even St. Jude's "Vicarage; but this rustic homestead, with its group of barns and stableyard in the background, and its little garden, where autumn flowers stQI lingered, had a more cheerful aspect than the straggling stone house of St. Jade's with its walled garden and gloomy firs. Brandon Mouniford. Yes, this was Brandon Mountford; this tall wasted figure; this hollow-eyed countenance, with the downward melancholy lines about tbe mouth, and the nervous contraction of the brow, and the wasted hands that lay in helpless inaction on the arms of "the chair. Sibyl Dnnluce stood gazing at him in awe-stricken silence, almost as she might have looked upon a ghost. She could find no words to say to Mm—no words of pity or affection. Speech seemed frozen, j Vainly had Mr. Coverdale sought to prepare | her for the eliock. The anguish of the spec tacle was not lessened by anything that he had told her. s < [to BE COKmTTED XflVT WEEK.] \ J 