TRAPPED. By the Authors of ' The Medicine Lady.' Concluded. 1 Yon ere a humbug, yon ere,' he said, ' wid yer bloomin' cabs — there ain't no cab there— no, nor never wor. Ef you don't go in one way you go in another. It ain't onr fanlt ef things am t quite agreeable. Come along, Sam, lend a 'and.' The next moment the ruffian had laid me flat od my back on the floor, and was kneeling on my cheat. Tollemacbe tottered from tbe sofa, and made a vain struggle to get the brute away. 'You get out of this,' tbe fellow thundered at him. 1 I'll make an end nf vnu too, ef you don't look out.' He fumbled in bis pocket and took out a huge clasp-knife. I closed my eyes, feeling Bure that my last hour had come. At tbis moment, however, tbe rapidly approaching sound of cab wheels was distinctly audible. A cab drove frantically up and stopped at the door. The four ruffians who were clustered round me all heard it, and the big man took bis knee off my chest. Quick as thought I found my feet again, and before anyone conld prevent me, leaped ont on to the balcony. Two policemen were standing on the steps of the bouse — one of them had the bell-pall Id bis hand and was just abont to sound a thundering peal. ' Stop,' I shouted to him ; ' don't ring for a moment — stay where yon are.' Then I turned and faced the group in the room. ' It is not too late,' I said : ' I give yon one minute's grace. Return this gentleman's watch and chain and the three hundred pounds yon have stolen from him, and I say nothing to the two policemen who are now waiting on the stepe. If I have not the money back within a minnte, the police enter yonr house — now yon can choose.' I saw by the expression on the face of the bully who had knocked me down that he waa only too eager to accede to mj request. 1 Come on, Bill,' he said to one of his pals, 1 1 suppose there ain't nothing for It but to do what the gen'lemen says. Yes, yes, you be quiet, sir, and yon'll have all the ewag — lor', we only palled yon down by way of a joke, and as to the money and the other walnafales, we waB keeping 'em for the gent. Who'd want to rob a poor innercent like that 1 Yoo promise not to peach on ns, eir f ' Be quick,' I shouted. I give yon a minute, no more— give me the money and the watch and chain. Yon bad hotter hurry up.' They did bnrry np with a vengeance. The big man was as great a coward as he was a ruffian. Aa he thrnst his hands deep into his trousers pockets, I saw that he was absolutely shaking with fright. Tollemache's magnificent watch and chain were laid on the table, and all four men turned their pockets ont and deposited gold and notes by the aide of the other property. I stepped np to the table and reckoned tbe money. Two hundred and eigbty pounds and the watch and chain were returned to me. The remaioing twenty ponnda were, I plainly saw, hopelessly gone. It was not worth fighting for them. Ipntthe gold and notes and the watch and chain Into my pocket, and going np to Tollemacbe took bis arm. 1 Come,' I said, ' we can go now.' The terror which must have seized him when he saw me struggling on the floor had partly sobered him, bnt now he had returned to the most imbecile Btage of his horrible vice. He struggled to hie feet and clntched hold of me. 'Want my pipe,' he muttered. 'I Bay, old boy, won't go withont my pipe.' I had hard work to keep my patience. He was a big man, and I conld not control him againet his will. We were by no means yet out of the wood. The four ruffians were eyeing ns na if they would only too gladly kill ns both by slow torture. Never before bad I en countered eight such diabolical eyes as those which they fixed upon me. Aud there stood Tollemacbe, with an idiotic smile on his face, and imagining that he waB doing a wonderful and clever thing when he refused to stir without his pipp. 1 Don't be a fool,' I said, sternly, to him. ' Come, now, I'll get yon yonr pipe to-morrow.' To my relief he seemed satisfied with this assurance, and Buffered me to drag him across the room. When we reached the door the big ruffian came up and intercepted na ' We have your word not to peach V he said. 'Yee,' I replied — 'let me pass.' He did so, and I helped Tollemache us beet I could downstalra The four men watched onr descent over the banisters. As soon as I had got my patient ont 1 on the steps, one of the policemen came op to me. 'What's the trouble, sirP he demanded . 4 Can we help yon P 'This gentleman is hopelessly drank,' replied — 'I thought it possible. I ®ight need your assistance in getting him bom the honBe. You will oblige ue much by helping me now to pot bim to the cab.' ' No other tronble in there, sir t' asked the man, meaningly. 'None,' I answered. 'Will yoo kindly take the gentleman's other arm P The policeman did so— hia eyes were full of significance. He guessed, of coarse, that I was hiding somethiog,bnt it was not for him to make any farther remarks. I took Tollemache straight hack to my own house, aud for the next week I had once again to lend him what aid I conld in fighting the terrible demons who attack the victims of delirium tremens. I engaged two skilful men to norss him, and, between us, we managed to drag tbe poor fellow away from the shores of death. All this time I was io daily com munication with Beatrice Sinclair. . I got to know her well daring these dark days. She was a girl to win the respect and admiration of any man. and she undoubtedly won mine. There was something grandly simple and uncon ventional abont her. ' I am alone io the world,' 6be said to me many times ; ' my mission in life is to save Wilfred Tollemache.' ' Y«.u will not save him by marrvine him in his present state,' I answered her. She raised her brows and looked at me in some slight surprise. ' I have no intention of marrying him at present,' she said. ' Nothing wonld indnce me to nnite my lot with that of a drunkard — besides, I promised my father. I will marry Wilfred when he haB abstained from drink for a year— not before.' ' If be abstains for a year he will be enred,' I replied. There came an evening when Tolle mache was sufficiently convalescent to come down-stairs. I had not yet said anything to him about Miss Sinclair, bnt as I knew she was impatient to see him, I wondered if it might be safe for me to break the news of her arrival on tbe scene to him that evening. He sat in my consulting-room hnddled np by the fire. Tbe evening was a warm one in April, bnt he looked chilly and depressed. I drew a chair near him and sat down. He looked at me with languid eyes out of a cadaverous face. ' I can't make ont why yon are so good to me,' he eaid. ' I am not worth the thought of a man like yon.' I did not reply for a moment. Then I said, tersely : — ' It would be a great victory to save you, and I believe it can be done.' ' I have a sort of memory,' said Tolle mache, of yonr having already saved my life at the risk of yonr own.' ' That is true,' I answered. ' How can I pay yon back P he asked. Will money 1' ' No,' I interrupted, harshly, springing to my feet as I spoke — ' money won't. I want yon to become a man again : that is my reward.' He seemed to shrink into himself ; there waa not a scrap of fibre abont bim at present. ' Will yon tell me,' I said, ' how yon got into that den V He roused himself a little at this, aud some animation came into his eyes. 'That was partly yonr fanlt,' he said. ' Yon did Dot keep yonr word ; yon never came to me when I wrote to yon. I told yon that I was losing self-control I interrupted him to explain why I had not received bis letter. ' Well,' be said, ' I spent a day of fcarfnl torture. I knew I was on the brink of a precipice, and that unless yon palled me back, against my will, over I most go. I returned to Mercer's in tbe evening and looked eagerly for yonr note. None had arrived. I waited for you nntil nine o'clock, and then in a sort of frenzy went ont. I had a very atiff brandy-and-soda, which palled me together for a bit, and seeing a music-hall in Oxford Street, I went in. There I was supplied with fresh drink, and while I was indulging, a man of the name of Hawker, who had once seen me in a drunken condition in New York, came np and claimed acquaintance. I knew, the moment I looked at the fellow, that the demon bad got the upper band. Hawker talked, and supplied me with fresh drink. He in troduced me to a companion as low as himself. I have a dim remembrance of driving away with these men and of spending the night over cards and unlimited drink. In tbe morning I wanted to leave, but the fellowB threatened me. and in my drunken state I was no match for them. Hawker eat down near me and asked a lot of questions, to which I replied as readily as if I were a baby. I don't know bow that day or the next passed. I gave Hawker tbe address of the hotel where I was staying, and told him abont my dressing-case and its ' valuable contents. Hawker filled in a telegram to tire manager of the bote, which be made me sign. When it waa sent offj he gave me a sheet of paper and deBircd me to write my signature on it. I did ao — the men then eat ronnd a table and began to copy it. The honors of delirium tremens were already upon me, and my mind became ..filled, with all manner of terrible imaginioga. I closed my eyes and dozed off. CWhen next I opened them, yon were standing in the room.' ' Yon were practically ont of ' yonr mind,' I replied; 'bnt the thing ia over, By tire way, have yon ever thought, daring the fast terrible fortnight of the photograph which you were good enough to show me V Tollemache started and clenched his nerveless hand. ' Don't speak of it, he said. « The one thing left to me to be thankfal for, m that the has not linked her life with mine.' ' Yon have rrndonbtedly mnch cause to be thankful, I replied. ' Tbe wife of a drunkard is tbe moat miserable women on God'a earth. Please pardon me, however, if I pain yon a little by speaking abootthegirl whose photograph yon showed me. Do yon miod telling me her name !' ' Beatrice Sinclair.' ' How old is ahe V v Twenty— there is really no use In this catechism, Halifax.' _'I am sorry to pain yon,' I replied, briefly ; bnt the fact is, I was Btxnck with Miss Sinclair's fees — there is a great deal of strength in it. If yon conquered your fanlt, she wonld be the woman of all others to keep yon etraigbt. She is, I am certain, attached to yon. To win a girl like Beatrice Sinclair ought to be a motive strong enongh to make any man conquer a vice like yours.' Tollemache was no w intensely agitated. He sprang to his feet. ' I tell you,' he said, ' ehe has for- gotten ait aonnt me. it is three years sines she has heard my name. She has in all probability married another man long ere this.' ' I am snre she has not,' I answered. Ge thraBt his hand into his breast pocket, and drew ont the case which contained tbe photograph. ' Many a time I have wanted to pnt this into the fire,' he eaid. ' I dare not part with it, and yet I dare not look at It.' ' Keep it,' I said : ' there ia hope for , yon while you have it ' There isn't a ghost of hope for me,' he said. He threw himself back again into his chair, and covered his face. My servant came into the room and brought me a message. Tollemache,' I said, ' a lady has called who wishes to see me. Will yon forgive me if I leave yon for a minnte or two T He growled ont some reply which was scarcely intelligible, and I left the room. I went info my library, where Beatrice Sinclair was waiting for me. ' Well,' she said, coming np to me eagerly, ' is he ready for me f 'He thinks yon bave forgotten him,' I said, ' and that id all probability you are married to another.' ' What a cruel thonght I' ' Bnt he keepByonr photograph in hia breast pocket.' ' Does he, indeed V Her eyes blazed with sudden joy. . 'He is tempted often to throw it into the fire,' I continued, 4 for he feels him eelf unworthy of yon ; bnt he neither dares to throw it away or look at it.' He shall look at me instead. Take me to him at once. 1 Yon will see tbe wreck of the Tolle mache you used to know.' 4 He shall not be a wreck long. I have vowed to save him. My life is at his service.' 'Remember your promise to your father.' ' I remember it. I will not break it. Now take me to him.' She came np to me and held ont her band. I took it and went with ber to the door of tbe next room, opened it, and motioned to her to enter. When she did so, I closed it softly and came away. I had a firm conviction tbat with snch unexpected aid, Tollemache wonld have moral strength to overcome the vice which was running him. Subsequent events proved that I was right. — Flte Strand Ifagazine. 