PATTER PARS. Tub Uppor Ilousa will make a yirtuo cf neiessity nr.d 1 ao'c down. Parlinmonl has not lost'its most invotoi- ato boro— Mr. Affleck. Tho Spoakor's whito-bnired boy alto camo back victorious— Hurry Lovion. John McElliorio and Jaw-bono Ncildaro rosurrectod. At toast a fow good mou wore rojeotod at tho Gonqral Eleotions. Nininn Molvillo will novor woo tho coal- tniners ngnin. AH tho Diroctoi-s of tho lato Daily Post will toko tho load of a Sunday papor in Ootobor. , Leprosy is increasing at an alarming rate throughout Australia. Tho ourront wheat orop' of Manitoba (Canada) is 30,000,000 bushels. ' : Votorau Parkos is understood -to ,bo in consolable and vory.ivritablo. f- Huw many ox-mombors bitterly bownil tho .fact that , they woro over iuducad to adopt politics ? Parkos and his .littlo ' party nro talking ubout making a- littlo .Assembly of their own. They only want/a rovonuo to start. Parliament will probably moot for tho dispatch of " . business ou tho 13th of August. . Tho now Governor of , N.S.W will pro- bably proyoa.socond Carringtou. . Pai'liamont has lost its uthloto and foot- ballor. Tho quiet inoffonsivo Jupp Gar- donor. Premier Bcid may now look forward to an early .K.O.M.G ship with cortainty. Tho highly intolligont doctors of Molong uro onco more represented by that accom plished orator — Dr. Boss. Crick's lntost ambition is to bocomo loa- dorof tho Opposition. More liasto less speed, Paddy. Tho tomporanco party at least voted for men— not measures— of grog. Tho National Ass is about to givo up tho ghost. , . But thou it novor lived— it only oxistod. Tho gold yield of Victoria for lost quar ter shows nn incroaso of 15,844 ozs., com pared with tho first quarter of tho yonr. Aftor all thofgonoral olcctions havo not considerably altered tho personnel of Par liament. ; Thoro - is a largo vacancy for talent. - With Dihbs, Parkos, Copolund and Wise out of tho fiold. Lyno has his opportunity for leadership. Crick, Mo.'igbor and Bull rule tho lower logal roost in Sydnoy. .. They triumph over tho courts and now tlioy invade the sacred precincts of Pnrliainont. " Too mnny.lawyors in tho.Houso" ouy« an old politician. Wo will..- novor get proper legislation with a parcel of attor neys always arguing about " nothings." What's in a name ? Dean Stretch is tho name of a Ballarat clergyman. We nearly had a Dean "stretch" in 'DarlingUurst tho other day. It is a gonoral opinian that Sir Gcorgo Diblis' political caroer has closed. Mr. Copelnnd io very noxious to ostub- lish a I'lorning protectionist newspaper. Tin) ' blockade of Tlll.'nr- offico ugninst tho baililTs threatens to bo us prolonged as tho siego of Paris. Tho business which takes tho most monoy ovqr tho ou iter in Sydnoy at present ro- coircs ton times more silver anil twonty timos less gulil ncd notes than it did two years ago. Tho goldon sovereign is much moro in evidence now thau for years past. Notes ubouuded twelvo months ago and tho sov ereign wns n rarity. Now it is tho othor way about. Eddy hopes to mnko his salary good out of the Roiil vietury. Tho gonornl opinion is that tho Chief Commissioner has imbuod our railways with nil lis knows and his Uto holiday trip cannot havo boon a vory edify ing ono. Tho now Parlinmont, from nn intellectual point of viow is no impvovomont on tho last assombly. Boid and Crick nro tho only speakers of any power in tho new Hottso. Adrinn Knox, M.P., did not. draw his mombor's salary last yoar. IIo and Bruce Smith nro so far the only two consistent op ponents of paymont of members. A great American miniog oxport is now in Sydnoy. Tho mines in tho Luoknow distriot nro occupying his attention at the timo. Momorios of tho goldon days of Daylio- Eord, Victoria nro rovivod by tho luck of tho fossickor who piokod up a nugget in tho old workings worth nearly £1000. . Goorge Dean is forgotton. Ho is untto- ticod ovon by tho passengers of tho North Shore boat, i Such is fnmo. Tho .-popular uphottvol against Judgo Windoycrhas also subsided. An endeavour is boing mado to lmvo Mr. MoMillnn's aont dcolurod vncnnt, on tho ground of his long ahsonco from tho colony disqualifying him. Dr. Boss, M.L'A., calls upon tho Coun- cit 'o defy tho Govornmout and reject land taxation, othorwise tliore w.ilLbo. tho meet horrible revolution on rocotd. David Symo, of tho MQbourno Age, is on a visit to Sydney. Holis'suspsotod of a desiro to establish a " Thunderer " in Now South Wales. It is oxpootod that Sydnoy will boom under a Freotrado polioy. Tho country districts will linvo to produco for tho mar kets of the world and tho Stato must, aid tho producers to reach those nuirkots. 11\. J. Moagi/er-orideut ly; f l)<ysi;ht he w«» tho hero of tlic,molroi«ili!.in 'iixhun. _ i: dioro tl t iugl tho- sin 4s of SnliKiy in . w.igganette, headed ny a bins. 1-nnd, raj . ilolTed his ha/ to tho h.wiiuwre'1 tl; "l'.V . 'is wli'i irmel tho street en p(dlii;--: Viiih!:, : CitiiiH of Sydney hiatal that they bib., get alolii; woll enough without the issis?.' Inuee of tho country. Nrnrly uvary itou of its food may bo more cheaply imp-n te l. " Mr. IV. J. Lyne t-iii not be a brilliant louder of tho Opposition hut he is a mure popular man thun Sir Georgo Dibbs. Ho - is more liberal and does not look so html ' I a sovereign before heparts with it. A candidate who eontestod a country constituency complains that, ha cquld net got milk at least half the hotels ho put tip at during tho campaign— and yet they sny that Australia is a lund flowing with milk ; anj honey. _li_L 