JACKS AND MAGS [By Hugh Kalyptus.) The other morning I saw, sitting discon solately upon a slate step at the back entranoo of the Criminal Court, a youthful, utterly un sophistioated laughing jaokaes, and I never saw so human an expression of weariness of the hollow wor d than was on the face of that juvenile " Koovanna." He looked like a way farer who wanted a butcher of beer badly on a Sunday and found himself pitilessly shut out of a pub by tbat merciless Sunday-closing Aot and the muoh harder fact that he had no money. He hadn't a ghost of a ohuokle—I dearly love and well know his hilarious family—I saw he was away from home and friends, and I said in a cherry fashion— " Hullo! Johnny Kooyanns, what's the matter?" He ereoted hie orest in a half hearted sort of style, and said in Tommy Walker's native lingo—" What nauiee you oallum this place; no trees, no grubs, no water, all a same deserts along a Mount Stuart," eyeing Mr. Hall's well-gravelled yard and uncompromising briok walls of the oells with a jaundiced eye. " Oh ! that's what's the matter, is it 1 poor little ohap. It oertamly is rough on you to sit on a cold hard step and feel like the jackdaw of Rheims, in stead of psrohing on a euoalyptus poking fat grubs out of their boles with your iron beak. I suppose you can't laugh." " What for you pokefuuat me muolca that sort? Bale me laugh, Yousee'um that dry yard, plenteepoor fun sitting here looking that one creek bed." "All right,little Jaok, I'll see Mr. Hall and get him to give you a mate." The little non langhing Jaok gave the ghost of a " He he-ah-bah-hoo-hoa," and puffed out his leathers with a droll twinkle in his round plooid eye and squatted lower down on'tfiie ' atop a Utile lets hopeless. - There is «ome thing ao portentously grave and yetso oomioal about a laughing Jaok in his striped; grey suit that I -do not knbw.his equal. .I-.-.f have a pair, and they will sit on the edge of. a big earthenware pan as judicially cheery of 1 aspect asa J.P. ou t IfuU Court day when . Symon and Nesbit are arguing out a technical point, ,acd they will let a oheeky sparrow perch near them without showing a sign of life.; bub let the sparrow dip hie beak in the water, and like a flash Jaok.hashim by the':, baok of the neok, and hopping to a stone hammers him on it till he is a featherlese pulp, aud then with a bUTat of demoniac laughter J&ok; wiU awaliow hiB viotira and resume bis meditations. Can any one tell me ■' why a Jaok will ait for hours with a tump of meat or a bird in his beak liko a bushman en joying a dry smoke? There is as miioh diffe rence between a magpie and a Jack as there is between a walking delegate and a City Coroner. The magpie is here, there, and everywhere making mischief, oreating diasen sion from morning till night. His imp-Iikeeye epota the meat thrown down, and he is there before the oat; but the solemn, self-reapeoting - Jaok will hardly aondesoend to take the tit- ■■ bit offered unless it is thrown at him, when he will oatoh it indifferently in bis beak, and hold it for an inquest. The Jaok oabohes openbeaked, tli6 magpie ' on the. point. If a Jaok were only big enough he would' make a capital back-stop, he never misses, aud the mag. would field first rate. I admtro. the magpie, but I deeply respect the Jock; he"la a gentleman superior to emotion, barring that morning and evening relaxation' of his when be laughs like a oirous down. Last week a friend gave me a magpie, of whose aaapmpliehinents I was ignorant, but it soon enlightened me. I put it in an aviaTy with two other mags (from the wilderness), who know only that beautiful wild liquid warbling note which I love so muoh. As soon as the stranger was settled on the peroh one . of the wild ones set up the warble, but was cut short and utterly flabbergasted by an emphatic " who're you 7" from the etranger, who then whined like a dog and showed off itB accomplishments in a style that made the others take a back peroh. It shows the power of superior knowledge. The new mag boaBea the show now, and baB the first go at the oat up meat and bread. He takes the right hand at the bar like a Q.O. 