The decision come to by a number of dairymen ut Boolong to establish a fac tory, or more properly speaking u cream ery,-' at -Boihuuerry, will be viewed with genuine lejjret by all those who have the welfare of 'the dairvimr industrv at heart. Regret will not lie evoked merely because it means the establishment of another creamery, but for the reason that two Sussex-street agents have been invited to mix themselves up in the con cern while wo have a central butter fac tory in our midst, and also because it practically .means the death blow to an industry whose proper place is in a first class dairying district, and to a factory drcreamery which linn been long estab lished. The first institution we refer to is.theinilk condensing factory at Boma dcrry, and the second the Cambewarra and Slcroo Dairy Company. In regard to the former, there would appear to bo wanting unanimity between the manager and suppliers upon mallei's which could be easily remedied, and which ought to to be remedied in the interests of the district as a whole. The Jersey Milk Company, labouring as it does under many disadvantages, lias succeeded ir manufacturing a condensed milk which bears favorable comparison to the pro duct of foreign countries. And if it has (lone this it has sent forth a valuable advertisement of the quality ol milk or butter that may be produced in the dairying districtofShoathavcn. Therefore is it not to be regretted that the funnel's pi Boolong should witdniw from such an institution the support which is neces uary to maintain its vitality simply be cause this infernal agency system permits of someliody coming along and going one better for a period which must neces sarily be short ? The right of the farm ers todo what they like with their own produce is beyond dispute ; but what is their. 'moral duty in view of events of the past ? . Is it to encourage the Sussex street agonts to maim our industry in order: to light' their last battle in a dis trict' wherein their potato has been cook ed ? ;; In Shoalliaveii the whole of the country willsoon be under grass oreereal .cultivation. TlicfiinningliuuTwillnotcurry more population. We should, jtherefore, encourage and support industries that give employment to the artisan, and its the Bomaderry Milk Condensing Fac tory is one of them, and one to which the people here .should have a natural attachment, wo regret exceedingly the step which is being taken. But there is another creamery which seems fated to bear a fair share of loss. A number of the 'suppliers of the Cambewarra and Meroo Company have joined, or are about .to join, the new creamery of the agents; and this means weakness to that creamery. The agents will probably hold out tempting terms to all dairymen about Bomaderry, until the whole of them are absorbed. The right of the agents to dothisisbyond question — it is business pure and simple, and we iid iiiiie the way in which they refuse to give up the ghost without a struggle. But the farmers must bear, in mind that while the action of one individual might not mean anything, nor concern anybody, when a number of thorn act collectively, the district as a whole becomes interest ed ?? in tvliafc they do. In this particular case the district is very much interested, more perhaps from the fact that it is re viving an agony which has been the curse of Shoalliaveii than for the loss of the Boihadorry Condensing Factory or damago to the creamery at Cambewarra -and Meroo. Whatever terms may be ? offered ! to the fanner now can only be transient if they are unusual, for a man cannot give more for an article than what he receives. The agents endeav ored to do this with the suppliers to the Condonsing factory, who cent cram) to them. When the Central Factory at Berry 'offered Jd above top price, the agents went one better and ollered these farmers id, but it could only continue for a '.short time, and now it is discon tinued '.altogether1. The agents cannot possibly- make butter as cheaply as the central factory, because individually they don't treat as much, and hetvmse thev will always have to pay freight on the . cream, therefore they can never offer the same terms. Why the farmer oF Boolong has gone to Sydney, even though an' other creamery was necessarv, passes ourcqmprchcnsiou. We believe that the wliolo of the cream of Shoalhaven should be made into buttei under one roof, under one management, in'order'to pro duce a maximum of produce at a miiii ... ^sw mum of labour, and also to secure one quality and make the. product famous under one brand, and we have no hesi tation in saying that the resurrection of the agency agony is a menace to the good feeling mid the powerful union now ex isting amongst the fariuoivi (if Shonl havon. 