Dynamite for Sharks. THEBE are hot many ways of destroy ing tliis bated and dreaded sea-tiger. To liarpoon it needs a practised eye and a canning liaud ; moreover the vessel should be at anchor or becalmed and the shark stealthily moving within reach of the harpooner's muscle. The lump of beef or pork, the large hook connected by a chain to the line, the adroit paying out of the bait in the true spirit of malignant coquetry these are the old fashioned and still enduriug devices, which have been the reason of many thousand of the sailor's abhorred enemy giving up the ghost, and then returning to the deep in mutilated fragments, to serve as food for other -sharks. But, unhappily, this method of fishing is not sure. The creature often escapes after gorging the book. To make his de struction certain it is necessary to blow | him up ; and this has lately been per formed with such great success as not only to entitle those who undertook the business to the applause of the sea faring world, but to invite earnest | imitation whenever opportunity suffers imitation to be possible. The story has been thus related: A ship was lately laying off Port Natal, when several huge sharks, some of them exceeding fifteen feet in length, were observed sweeping under the vessel's counter and along her sides. A hook was baited and thrown over board, and was immediately swallowed ? by one of the biggest of the sharks, which quietly cut the line with his teeth, taking no further notice of it. The following stratagem was hit upon: The breast of a buck that was rather * high,' and the fitter bait; in conse quence. £or. sliaxks, wlio cauuot be re garded as very nice in their eating, was weighted that it might sink; and inside of it there was placed a hand j charge of gun cotton, the whole being connected by a jvire with an electric battery. No sooner had the venison reached the water than the shark made straight for it. but just as he opened his, mouth to swallow the bait the charge was exploded, his jaws being completely shattered. The monster turned on his back and sank in the bay. Here is a satisfactory assurance that there is one shark less in the sea, though such is this fish's extraordinary tenacity of life that, had the shark not made a sure death sigu by turning on its back and quietly sinking, the blow ing away of part of the head would not have persuaded those who knew the creature's vitality to feel sure.that be was dead. Cut a shark into pieces, and like fragments of the everlasting worm,, each piece will go on pulsing with a hideous instance of life. 