Singular Occurrence at Singleton, SINGLETON, Tuesday. The town is much excited over the sup, posed appearance of a ghost. Some years ago a man named Yickery, who had in his possession a large sum of money, is allngnd to have left Singleton one niglit for his home at Bulgn, and to have been seen for the last time when going down to the river near Fawcett's paddocks. He never reached home, and his disappearance up to the present moment is altogether unaccounted for, Since "Vickery vanished there have been rumours of strange lights and apparitions about the locality in which be was last seen alive. It is said that a well-known res ident, while walking along the road one evening in tbe gloaming, overtook, as he thought, a personal friend, and he tapped thiB supposed friend on the shoulder, only to find that his hand met no resistance, but went through something unsubstantial. The wraith or form, which he tried to touch immediately vanished. During the las 1 month or two it is asserted that strange lights have been seen hovering about in H paddock near the spot which is said to bp haunted, and these lights make their ap pparance at 8.35 p.m. On Friday night last a party of six or seven, including Mr. Playford and hiB son and Mr, Mornn, emp'oyees at the railw»y elation, went to watch for the light. At the hour expected, a light suddenly made its appearance in a paddock nearly opposite the cemetery. When first seen, the light was about the size which would be emitted from a band lantern, but different from that in appearance, being thin and diffused, withoui a very definite centre. It was a little above ground, and moved towards the party of watchers, apparently without tha aid of human agency. After it had travelled within 100 yards or so of the observers, it stopped. The watchers then began to approach the light, when a regular " will o' the wisp " chase commenced. As the pursuers approached the liqht, which lad gained considerably in size, it began to re treat at a rate exactly regulated to thp movements of the followers. If they ran, it moved very quickly, and kept pace with them. If they walked, it went a slower rate; if they stood still, it stopppd. Finally Hfter leading them a pretty long chase in the paddock and by the river, the mysterious light vanished, and was seen no more tha night. A party of over. 100peoplp, on horse and on footand in bugijips, were out 4ast night They watched for a lone time, saw nothing, and most of them returned ro town, but a few who remained later assert, however, that they again saw the myBteriouB light. 