SHORT STORIES. An Adelaidean who has recently returned from a trip to the old country tells a very good story illustrative of the independence of at least one English tradesman. He has been in the habit of smoking one parti cular brand of pipe, and for the outward voyage he provided himself with two of these particular articles. On the voyage one of them burned through, and when he arrived in London he thought he could not do better than go direct to the manu facturer and make good hrn loss. The manufactory proved t _little shop, and as fortune had it, the gentleman who presided over its destinies was himself ^behind the counter when oar friend entered. Throwing down Ms found pipe on the counter the Australian said, " I want another just like! this "He 'was speedily accommodated with the object of his quest, and then enquired the price. " Twelve and ixpence," was the reply. " Twelve-and - sixpence !" exclaimed the Adelaide man, u Why, I can buy the same pipe in Adelaide for eight shillings." " Then why the something didn't you buy one there,*' said the old man bundling the pipe back into its former resting place. At first inclined to be angry, the Adelaide visitor at length burst out laughing paid twelve-and-sixpence, and departed with the pipe. In connection with the Dean case two or three were discussing the pro nunciation of Meagher's name. "It should be pronounced 6 Mar/ 71 said one. " No/7 said another, " it should be * Ma-har " Nonsense," cried the first, "I had an Irish brother-in-law from Kilkenny, and he always called it * Mar Don't talk to me , was the reply, " I'm Irish myself. Haven't I got a Kilkenny lather and a Cork mother? Tableau.-—Kurilla. "A little knowledge is a dangerous thing/7 the old adage runs. Parodying it and saying "A little office is a dangerous thing," quite fits the case of our Lieutenant-Governor, Samuel James Way, Chief Justice, owner of Frills , Ac. Really his last term as cock of the local Government walk whilst we were waiting for the arrival of Baronet Buxton quite turned the little man7s head. It is a marvel to me that he hasn't made a trip to Henley Beach or Largs Bay and tried the "thus far shall ye come and no further trick with the waves over which King Canute fell in and silenced his flattering courtiers, for the Lord of Montefiore has grown much too big for his boots of late. His latest display of authority was on the occasion of the November Criminal Sittings at the Supreme Court, on the resumption of which after an adjournment early one morn ing the sound of hammering came very clearly into Court. The noise came from carpenters working at Dr.| Swift's house adjacent to the Court, I but was not really sufficiently loud to interfere with the hearing of the Court cases; the spectators didn't naiad it, nor did the lawyers. But His Nibs Way has nerves—well, let us presume he has—and the hammer lag began to affect those nerves pro bably; for out he sent a constable to order the hammering to cease, and stop the carpenters did. But the men of chips only "spelled" for a few minutes, for soon the hammering began again. ' Then Mr. Way arose in his wrath, and sent another peeler to the scene of the building being erected with orders to see that the hammering stopped, and stop this time it did for good. Sammy may yet go the length of prohibiting one blowing pine's nose if the noise made, in doing so annoys him.—Eph Gee Ell. They were playing cribbage for drinks. A and c and B and D were partners. A was the dealer, and his opponents wanted just twelve holes to go out, while he and his partner required to make eighteen points. It looked "odds on" B and D. B had three kings and and an ace, so that he was sure of scoring six. He led off a king, G played a five and marked two, D followed with a ten, and A dropped a deuce, making the total 27. B slammed down an ace, 0 paired it, and D with an Indian warhoop produced another ace, which of'course made six points. Then B jumped up in his chair, and executed a double shuffle. When he had finished A calmly put down a fourth ace, making the total 31, scoring 14 points, and winning the game. After that B and D ante'd up and went sorrowfully home. * * * Dear Quiz—In your "They Say" column last week you said—" That a figurehead in front of an hotel at Port Adelaide was originally attached to the vessel in which Bully Hayes came to the Port." You are wrong as pos sible about that figurehead. Hayes was a Mend of mine during his adven tures in Port Adelaide, of which I know a lot, but he never left a figure head there, though he stole a full-rigged ship from a poor devil of a Portuguese who brought down a load of Chinamen from Hongkong and fell into Hayes, fingers. The figurehead you speak of belonged to a vessel originally named the Lord Eglinton, afterwards changed to Oeneral Blanco under the Hawaiian flag. She brought Chinese here in 1853, and on leaving in ballast was dismasted off Troubridge, and return ing to refit the captain had no money, so the vessel was ultimately sold by the Admiralty Court and broken up, and the figurehead is the one you allude to. A good lot has been said about Hayes in which there is a certain amount of truth, but a lot has never yet been told, though there was never a bold buccaneer to bang him in our port. I have the old pirate's cat which he sold me one day when a bit hard up, and if you are curious you can see his signature in my old pocket book.—Yours, Trilan. * * #. He is an auburn-haired individual and a bachelor. Recently a new maid was engaged by his housekeeper, and the girl had not seen her employer when one morning, business having called him out early, he rang the house bell, and Betsy Jane opened the door and invited him in accordance with the usual formula to step in outside. By this time, however, he was in and making himself completely at home, much to the astonishment of the girl, who stared at him open-mouthed. "Well, my girl," quoth he, "don't you know who I am ? I'm the master of this house and your employer. What in thunder are you staring at? Do you think I've come through Hades with my hat off or what? Great Caesar's ghost ! Haven't you ever seen a red headed man before?' Then Betsy Jane appalled by this burst of eloquence, which has been translated into language suitable for the reading of the young person, gathered up her skirts and fled.—Eph Gee Ell. Little Bert was reading the Bible out loud when he came to the passage, "1 said in my heart 'All men are liars.'" " Ah, pa," said the youngster turning to his father, €the didn't know you" Such is the sweet, implicit confidence of youth. " I've got aquestio^^ The maiden turned her head, But e'en this action couldnot mask The flow of rosy red That mantled her lair cheeks. She sighed, s " At last, my loy% last,^ And saw herself a bonziy bride In Hymen's bonds held fast. His breath played havoc with her curls, With scent of new-mown hsy Said he, " Most erudifcoof giriSf Just list to what T say. My question is a simple one, Your answer shall come pat ; It is—Just wait till I have done— < Where did you get that hatS " Then spake the midden full of scorn, " Sir, this is For years no common hat lVe worn, This headgear is a toque." Mosquito. School exams, are always productive of some humorously original answers to questions on all subjects. In the fifth form at SJP.S.O. last week^ on the occasion of an examination in literature, the teacher of the class put the question—" Who wrote € Faust V " Prompt came the reply from a pupil in all seriousness— " Mark Twain, sir." The class roared, as did the teacher. There's an inch or two of difference in style between "Faust" and "The Jumping Frog/* but the Saint boy probably has never read Twain. We'll next perhaps hear of Caldwell, our poetical M. P., being accredited with the authorship of " Evangeline.'' -Eph Gee Ell . 