A POPULAR GOVE&NO1;*. ♦ Although the elevation of Sir .it-hn Madden to the Chief Justiceship of Vic toria, in succession to that able lawyer Judge Higmbotluun, did not give quite unmixed satisfaction at the time, he has won golden opinions of the colonists during- his occupancy of the vice- regal office. Among the many good things said of Sir Joan, the following is from a recent letter of a Melbourne corres pondent to a Hobart paper .- — Touching festivities, the most general topic of conversation in Melbourne just now is the magnificent manner in which Sir John. Madden is discharging' his duty as a vice-regal entertainer of Her Ma jesty's lieges. It is well for Lord Brassey that he has a long purse, for if he desires to overtake the Madden popularity and brilliancy, Sir John ia setting him a pretty staff go. 'Without question, if the colonies were allowed to choose their own Governor, Sir John would at this present time have no rival in the running with him, and as a. local product he does us all infinite credit. He looks the gnbernatroal character well; he dresses it, positively' regardless of expense, and he mounts the xrhole drama with the evident determination to spare no cost in securing the appro priate brilliancy of the taise a* scene. And he is politic withal. The candi date for parliamentary honors knows fall well what advantage follows kiss ing the baby. (Please note that I do mean ' kissing the baby ' in. the sense commonly understood by your parlia mentary frequenters of Heatborn's and the Orient) Sir John is also folly con scions of the feminine influenca setting towards the fortunate who can adroitly tickle maternal vanity through attention to the olive branches, and he has just got off a cbUdTea's fancy dress ball unparalled in Melbourne for its glorified gorgeosity. It -was numerously attended by children of older gro-wth, and the whole function has proved what the American sugges tively call 'a big thing on ice.' Sir John looked a ' Gnv.' — aye, every inch a ' Guv.,' in black velvet Cnnrt Knit and raffles, dress sword, silk hose, and siiver-bnckled shoon. Lady Madden called back a vanished century as the beautiful and unhappy Msae Antkmette while her elder daughters constituted the Koyal household, of France before the Feast of Pikes had prepared theway for a still more bloody banquet. The terpsichorean. feature of the ball was a floral arrangement by a Melbourne lady, which was pronounced, so to speak, what a Frenchman would cai eoup doeil magnifique. The archaic feature was certainly Sir William Clarke Bart., in his old uniform of theVictoriaB YeoraanryCavarry, famQ&x; to tfcosewho have pictures of the opening- of Princes bridge, 1850. The corps wascEsbottded in the eariysixties.and thereappMEsnce of its ghost — at Government House last Friday night — recalled memarieB wiorft provided the oldsfcere with uoHmited subject for conversation, and that is ao slisrht advantage in the mattprrf «r^r. ing through a successful social fmatiiua. Verily, for all the deprrv&ticHi; it a entailing on us, Lord Brassey might defer his advent indefinitely-.. 