GENERAL NEWS. The second session of the second Par- liament of West Australia was opened yesterday afternoon by Sir Alexander Campbell Onslow, Administrator, consequence of pressure upon our space we are compelled to hold over the opening speech, full details of which reached us by wire yesterday afternoon. His Excellency, in the course of his remarks, congratulated the colony upon the excellent progress made during the year. The first moiety of the loan had been success- fully floated in London at 3½ per cent, interest, realising a premium of £3 1s 4d per cent. The numerous public works authorised by Parliament have been pro- gressing. The contract for the construc- tion of the railway from Southern Cross to Coolgardie has been let at a very satis- factory price; the deviations for the im- provement of the Eastern Railway are nearly completed; and the contract for the construction of the Cue line will be let at as early a date as possible. Amongst the proposals of the Government is a bill providing for the construction of a line of railway from Donnybrook to Bridgetown and the Cullie Railway Bill. His Excel- lency stated that the continued progress of our goldfields was a matter for con- gratulation, and it was the intention of the Government to do all in their power to overcome the water difficulty, which was the one great drawback. It is pro- posed to undertake boring at Coolgardie in the hope of striking an artesian supply. In addition to the lighthouses at Rottnest and Cape Leuwin, which are in course of construction, it is proposed to erect light- houses at several other important places. Every possible attention is being paid to opening up well watered stock routes to the Northern and Eastern districts. The Imperial Government having sanctioned the establishment of a branch of the Royal Mint in this colony a bill providing the necessary legislation has been pre- pared and will be submitted during the session. Bills dealing with municipal government; the amendment of the law relating to gold mining; the regulation and inspection of mines; the amend- ment of the Parliamentary Elec- toral law; duties on the estates of deceased persons; the appointment and jurisdiction of justices of the peace ; standard time; the law of copyright; and other matters of minor importance. The estimates of revenue and expenditure for the ensuing year are in course of pre- paration,and there was reason to antici- pate that the current revenue would not only be sufficient for all pressing ordinary requirements, but for many other import- works usually constructed from loan funds. In view of the excellent financial position of the colony some con- sideration would be given us to whether some of the debts now chargeable under the Tariff Act might not with ad- vantage be abolished, especially on articlcs of food not capable of being pro- duced in the colony. It is also proposed to introduce a bill repealing the export duties on pearl shells and sandal wood. Arrangements will be made for the ex- tension of the postal and telegraphic communication to all important mining and agricultural centres. Owing to low prices obtainable for the staple products of the colony, especially wool and cereals, it is proposed to meet the adverse cir- cumstances by reducing the transit rates on the railways. The revenue from the railways for the present financial year will not only exceed working expenses, but will also pay the interest and sinking fund on the capital expended in their construction. Mr. S. H. Cotterell, the popular re- presentative of Milne and Co., arrived in Cue by special trap on Monday afternoon, considerably travel-stained, as may be easily imagined after a short experience of the road from Mullewa. He reports that trade generally is brisk at Fremantle and Geraldton, and that while Coolgardie is booming bigger than ever, the Murchi- son district is attracting a large amount of attention, and its prestige is in no way diminished by the success of the southern field. Mr. Cotterell will remain for about a week in the district. For some time past there has been much talk of ghosts walking at night in Ballarat, and numbers of persons have been much scared. An exciting encounter recently took place between the supposed ghost and an elderly miner named F. J. Park, residing at Mount Pleasant, who was walking along Eureka- street, to meet his wife, when he saw a peculiar figure chasing the woman, and she was screaming. Park gave chase, and came up with the fellow, who was dressed in a white smock, with a coffin-lid 6ft. long on his back and his face smeared with phos- phorus. The old miner grappled with him, and both fell to the ground, Park getting a firm hold of his leg and calling for help. Finding he could not get away, the ghost drew a knife and stabbed Park in the arm, cutting through the coat and drawing blood. He then escaped. Park reported the matter to the police and showed the wound, he described the "ghost" as being about 35 years old, and a powerful man. Mrs. Westlaw, wife of the city missionary, and other residents of the neighbourhood confirm his story so far as hearing his wife screaming for help, but they all appear to have been afraid to go to her rescue. With regard to the break-down in the telegraphic arrangements we have re- ceived the following communication from a correspondent signing himself "Jar- rah":—No doubt, Mr. Editor, the busi- nessmen and public generally will agree with your few brief remarks, that ap- peared in your issue of the 22nd inst. re the recent break-down of our communi- cation with the outside world. I would like to ask why the line men were so slow in effecting repairs, seeing that they cer- tainly must have been aware of the break thus allowing the broken post to remain so long down between the Chain Pump and Mullewa. In my opinion should such a repetition of the inconvenience ex- perienced last week take place, some action should be brought to bear upon the authorities with a view to more com- petent line men being employed. When the public are called upon to pay the salaries of our public servants we are entitled to a fair return for such payment. I hope to see a few more open and fear- less comments from your worthy pen should the wilful neglect continue." The Cue Amateur Dramatic and Musi- cal Club gave an entertainment in Mar- shall's Hall, Day Dawn, on Saturday evening, in aid of the Day Dawn Hos- pital. As was the case in Cue on the previous Saturday, the performers were favoured with a crowded house. With the exception of the farce and one or two other alterations the performance wan a repetition of the one given at Cue, but considerably improved by additional re liearsal. Two alterations in the first part were " Queen of the Earth," excellently rendered by Mr. A. Forsythe, and " Sweet Chiming Bells," which was well suited to the voice of Mr. A. Muddock, who on this occasion took the place of Mr. Jesmond Dene. Mr. H. Ricketson gave an exhibition of his skill with the Indian clubs. The farce, entitled "a Prima Donna for a night," was a real nugget of fun. Mr. A. R. Deighton takes the part of M. R. Shall (hard pressed landlord of the Commercial Hotel). His embarrasments are relieved by the pre- sence of an attractive young lady, Miss Elsington (who is daily expecting a re- mittance) Miss Pover, who is staying at the hotel. Harry Williams, a frolicsome dryblower—Mr. J. W. Lewis—has evi- dently been on a rich patch, judging by the unlimited amount of paper money in his possession. He receives an introduc- tion to the young lady and his money is rapidly transferred to the pocket of the hard pressed landlord through the mag- netic influence of the Prima Donna, who is sitting exceedingly close to her new acquaintance, and appears to thoroughly enjoy his company, in spite of the fact that he happens to be a coloured gentle- man. Mr. A. E. Whales, as a waiter, would almost give one the impression that he had been at the game before, con- sidering the graceful manner in which he performed that portion of the business. The New Army performance was brought in as a wind-up, the collection resulting in £4 14s being added to the receipts of the evening. 