The Peer an the Woman (Pnblished by 8pecial Arrangemeat with 'esara. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) PROLOGUE. The deceased earl was the third son of Lord Rupert Olanavon, Earl of Alceston, from whom he inherited .the title and estates, and was the sixth peer. During his youth he held a commission in the Second Life Guards and served with distinction through the Orimean campaign. On the death of his two elder brothers, however, his lordship left the army, and, taking his seat in the House of Peers, devoted himself to politics. His lordship was created a K.O.B. in 18-, was a mem ber of the Privy Oouncil, and quite recently his name was mentioned as the probable successor to Lord H in. the Cabinet The deceased peer was married in 18- to the Lady Margaret Agnes Montand, only * qughter of the Earl of Montand, and leaves an only son, Lord Bernard Olanavon, who succeeds to the title and antailed estates. Below, east almost into insignifi cance by such a heinous crime as the murder of a peer of the realm, was a short paragraph headed: ANOTHER TRAGEDY IN THE EAST END. MURDER OF A WOMAN IN A LoDGING HousE. Just before going to press informa tion came to hand of another awful murder in Riddell Street, Bethnal Green Road. On being called, accord ing to custom, by the proprietress of the lodging-house, a woman who went by the name of Mary Ward was discovered lying across her bed quite dead, and stabbed to the heart by some sharp instrument. The deceased woman was known to have been visited by three men during the early part of the night, the latter of whom eft hurriedly, but no struggles or cries of any sort were heard, and no suspicion was entertained of foul play. It is not known whether any of the other lodgers will beable to identify o?rgive any description of either of the men alleged to have visited the deceased. Failing this, it seems highly probable that this crime will be another addition to the long.catalogue of undiscovered murders in this local ity. We are not at present in a position to state definitely whether there is anything to justify the suppo sition that this most recent crime is by * the same hand, and for the same purpose as others committed in this neighbourhood, as the police are main taining a strict reticence in the matter. And so for one night, at least, Londoners had plenty of horrors to gorge themselves upon and to discuss eagerly in public-house and club, railway carriage and omnibus, restau rant and street corner. Two murders in one night, and both wrapped in mystery! What food for the sensa tion-monger, what a fund of conversa tion for the general public-carmen in their public-houses, society at their clubs and social functions. Pleasure s~ekers, dining and supping at their favourite restaurants, were ready with -~their solemn expressions of horror and their more or less absurd theories. A million tongues were busy with this one subject, bandying backward and forward the name of the peer and the name of the woman. Truly there is fame in death ! In his stately bed- chamber, on snowy sheets, pillowed with lace, and strewn with flowers, his fine face white and rigid with the calm of death, ilay Bernard, Lord Alceston, Earl of Harrowdean; and on a coarse straw mattress, barely covered over by a ragged, none too clean, coverlet, in a Bethnal Green lodging-house, lay the woman who had called herself Mary Ward. For him there were mourners, at least in name, and loud in lament -for her there were none. But, after all, what did it matter ? Around him, as around her, the great world of London revolved without change in its mighty cycles of vice and misery, pleasure- seekingandfortune-spending, and if more voices were lowered at his name than hers, more tears dropped over hisdamask sheets than over her ragged coverlet, what matter ? Whose was the profit ? BOOK I. CHAPTER I. LORD OLANAVON'S TRAVELLING COt PANION. ' Pon my word you're a very. amus ing fellow.' The person addressed flushed slight ly as though offended by the * patronising tone in which these words were carelessly spoken. But his annoyance, if indeed he felt any, was evidently short-lived, for he answered back readily enough, with a little laugh: ' Glad you think so; very glad. It isn't every day, you see, that a poor fellow like me has the chance of samusing a milord-especially an Ilinglish one.' ' Milord ' arched his eyebrows, and not having detected the faint tinge of sarcasm in the other's tone, put this remark down to pure snobbishness. Sole withdrew a little further into the corner of the comfortable first-class railway carriage, of which the two men were the only occupants, and remained silent for a few moments, idly strumming ,upon the window panes with his fingers. ' How did you know my name ?' he asked abruptly, turning again toward his fellow-passenger. 'I didn't say that I did know it,' was the reply. ' I heard your servant call you "my lord" on the boat, and theie's a coronet on your .bag there, unless my eyes deceive me, which they very seldom do. Voila tetdt 'Did you cross from Calais then ? I didn't see you.' The other shrugged his shoulders. ' Very likely not. In 'fact, it would have been very strange if you had seen me, considering that I was in my cabin all the while.' 'Sea-sick ?' inquired ' milord' con temptuously. 'Yes, sea-sick,' was the unhesi tating admission of his vis-s-nis. 'I've never crossed yet without Leing sea sick.' The frankness tf the confession was not without its effect upon the person to whom it was made. 'Milord,' although he was a yachtsman and a born sailor, and had all a healthy young Englishman's contempt for effeminacy in any shape or form, smiled indulgently. 'Sorry for you. I was myself once, in. the Bay of Biscay, when I was eleyen years old, and I haven't forgotten it. Deuced uncomfortable sensation it was.' The difference between these two men, whom chance had thus thrown together on their journey from Dover to Waterloo, was very marked indeed. ' Milord' was a typical young British aristocrat, with long straight limbs, smooth, fair face, a little tanned by exposure to all sorts of weather; well cut features, about which there hovered a slight vacuity of expression common among young men of the higher orders who have nothing par ticular to do with themselves, and which was perhaps a little heightened by the single eye- glass which obscured one of his clear blue eyes. He was dressed in a light check travelling suit, coloured shirt, with a light silk tie, and a small bunch of Parma violets in his button-hole. He wore no gloves, and his hands, though shapely, were hard and brown. A well-worn tobacco-pouch was open by his side, from which he ,had recently replenished the deeply-coloured meer schaum pipe which he was smoking. Taken as a whole his appearance was distinctly aristocratic, with a dash of the Bohemian. At any rate, no ene could possibly Iave mistaken him for anything else but a gentleman. His companion was a man of an altogether different stamp. His hair and moustache, once jet-black, were plentifully besprinkled with grey, and his small oval face was deeply lined. His features, though not striking, were refined and delicate, and his prominent forehead and deep clear eyes gave him somewhat the air of a student, which, however, his restless, almost flippant, manner in a measure contradicted. His manners, indeed, were the least pleasing part about him-alternately nervous and inquisi tive, laboured and careless. He was ill, almost shabbily dressed, and many little details about his person and tout ensemble were obnoxious to his more distinguished fellow-passenger. Still, he had told some funny stories, and had made himself very amusing with out attempting to be familiar, and Lord Clanavon, whom two things railway travelling and his own com pany-always bored exceedingly, felt faintly grateful to this stranger of doubtful appearance for relieving the monotony of his journey, and decided to tolerate him for the brief remainder of it. ' You didn't come up from Paris, did you ?' he inquired carelessly. ' Yes.' 'And you were on the boat, too ? Seems queer I didn't see you some where about.' ' I was below most of the time'on the boat,' the other reminded him. ' Ah, yes. 1 suppose that was it. I thought I'd watched every one on board at Calais, too. There was a bit of a crush, though, and I must have missed you. Hallo I isn't that your ticket on the floor ?' he added, pointing to it with his foot. The other stooped forward quickly and picked it up. But Lord Clan avon's eyes were keen, and the ticket had fallen upon its back. 'Why didn't you book through from Paris?' he asked curiously. 'That ticket's only from Dover, isn't it ?' ' That's all. The fact is, I lost my ticket somewhere, and had to re-book from Dover. A nuisance, but it couldn't be helped.' There was a brief silence, during which Lord Clanavon yawned several times, and as his companion had, ceased to be amusing, he picked up a sporting paper, and studied it for a few minutes. Then the train ran into Waterloo, and he rose and stretched himself with an air of relief. His fellow-passenger was the first to alight. Lord Clanavon returned his parting salute with a slightly condescending nod, then stepped out of the carriage himself, and, lighting a cigar, looked around for his servant. In a moment or two he came hurrying up. ' Bring out my traps and take them round to Grosvenor Square in a cab, Burdett,' he ordered. 'I shall walk. What the mischief's the matter :with you F .he added, in an altered tone, looking- hard into the man's face;+ 'you look ag though you'd seen a ghost.' ' It's-nothing particular, my lord,' Burdett answered, plunging into the carriage and busying himself folding up papers and collecting his master's belongings. 'It was rather a rough passage, my lord, and I think it must have upset me a little.' Lord Clanavon, one of the most truthful' young men in. the world, accepted his servant's explanation at once, though he glanced again with some curiosity into his pale, averted face. ' I should have thought that you would have been used to it by now,' he remarked. 'There's some brandy in that flask on the seat. Help your self, if you feel bad.' ' Thank you, my lord,' Burdett answered in a low tone; but instead of doing so he ceased for a moment in his task and watched his young master's retreating figure with tears in his eyes. 'I ought to have told him,' he groaned; ' but I daren't. Oh! poor 'Mr. Bernard! Whatever will he do when he knows !' ?HAPTER II. A BITTER WELCOME. Lord Bernard Clanavon was a young man who had earned for him self the reputation of extreme eccentricity. Even his father and mother, whose only and very much spoiled son hewas,, found themselves often forced to admit that he was odd. He had none of the vices, and very few of the habits, of other young men of his class, which was al very well as far as it went; but it had its disad vantages. London life bored him, and the country, except during certain months of the year, was still less to his taste; consequently 'he spent a good deal of his time abroad; and, being difficult to suit in the matter of companionship, he spent most of it alone. Another of his peculiarities was that he detested having letters, and never, unless compelled, wrote them. To escape from a correspond ence which, had his whereabouts been known, would have been inevitable, he made a point of never giving an address even to his own people, simply telling them the date of his return, to which he was always faith ful. A month ago he had left London for Rome, with the remark that he would return on June 15, and at 4 o'clock in the afternoon of that day he was strolling over Waterloo Bridge on his way westward. A little distance be hind, on the opposite side of the road) followed his late travelling com-' panion. It was a fine afternoon, and the Strand was thronged with foot pas sengers, and the streets with a cease less stream of. vehicles. Lord Clana von was evidently enjoying his walk. Head and shoulders taller than most of the crowd, he walked leisurely along, still smoking, and every now and then pausing to look in at a shop window, or read the placards outside a theatre. The newsboys, who lined the gutters in the street, were making the air vibrate with their' hideous news, but, partly on account of the great roar of traffic and partly owing to habitual inatten tion, he walked on serenely indifferent to their voluble cries. Close behind him was his travelling companion, who watched him eagerly each time he passed one of the little knots of newspaper sellers, and whose face was gradually becoming savagely over cast. At last the blow fell. Close to Charing Cross Lord Clanavon paused with the evident intention of crossing the road, and as he stood on the curb stone waiting for an omnibus to pass, his eyes fell upon a placard which was thrust almost into his face by an eager newsboy, and his ears were saluted at the same time by the cry which was echoing all down the Strand: ' Hawful tragedy in the West End ! 'Orrible murder of the Earl of Har rowdean! Full particulars!' For the space of fully thirty seconds Lord Olanavon stood perfectly still on the edge of the pathway as though turned into a figure of stone. Then a ghastly paleness crept into his cheeks, banishing all his ruddy manly colour, and he swayed backward as though about to fall. The roar of the passing vehicles and the babel of talk and street shouts around seemed' to come .to him from a far-off distance, and the ground appeared to slide away from under his feet. Then came a darkness before his eyes, a sudden tightening of the brain, and at last unconscious ness. It was the first swoon of a man of iron nerves and constitution, and it was not to be forgotten. (To be continued.) 