THE UNION OF THE CHURCHES.! SOME "LAST WORDS" BY ARCH BISHOP CARR. A further contribution to the con troversy on " The Union of the Churches was given by Archbishop Carr at St. Patrick s Cathedrul on Sunday morning— the Feast of Pentecost. The Archbishop t00K as his text St. John xiv. 7, " I will ask for and He will give you another Paraclete that he inay abide with you for ever," and before beginning his address made a few remarks in connection with the feast being celebrated. The follow ing is a brief summary of the address :— X think I might reasonably complain of the tone of Canon Potter's rejoinder if I did not make ample allowance for the difficulties of bis position. On last Sun day evening, under cover of bis noisiest artillery, he was in full retreat not only from the outposts, hut from the first aud second lines of his defence. He was driven back by the testimony, not of Catholic authorities, but what is most aggravating, by the united testimony of bishops, clergymen, and laymen of his own church and by " Rationalists " like Mr Lecky, who at least may be regarded as impartial witnesses in sneh a contro versy. Canon Potter may affect to dis regard the authority of such a writer as " one Dr Child " and to minimise the j force , of the Rev. Mr Pocock's testi mony on the ground that " not one 1 in ten thousand has ever heard " of them. He may try to getrid of Bishop Perowne's authoritative statements by saying that he "seems to have fallen asleep and for gotten the Ordinal," though he himself declared in the Birmingham Church Congress that " he had read all the great divines of the Church of England with an especial view to this question." - But I beg to assure Cauon Potter that if he set up such silly pleas in England, where ' these men are known to every scholar, and recognised as of the highest authority in their respective spheres, he would be simply laughed out of court; I believe I am within the truth in saying that no Anglican clergyman of our day has so thoroughly investigated the archives of the Reformation period as Mr Pocock has done. But the truth seems to be that the learned Canon has been reading some cheap controversial works lately, and has not taken the trouble to consider, the meaning, or want of meaning, of the crude statements he found in them. Having abandoned his former lines of defence. Canon Potter has now fallen back on his last bulwarks—namely, the Temporalities of the Church of England, the Book of Common Prayer, the Ordinal, and the Canons of Canterbury. But in his retreat, as often happens; he has over looked many; things, he has confused many things, and he has lost ■ much of the war material on which be had previously relied. In his retreat,, too, he has fired _ some random shots,, more to keep up an appearance of resistance than to inflict injury on the enemy, in all sincerity, gave Canon Potter creditfor pofr sessing a large store of historical know ledge, but he seeius bent on discrediting my good opinion of him. I am doubtful whether I should at all notice his allega tion as to Pope St. Gregory's repudiation of the title of " Universal Bishop." No one ivith the slightest claim to scholarship would trot out, as the Cauon has done, such an exploded fallacy, which ouly brings discredit upon'the controversialist who resorts to it. I "have.already dealt fully with this subject in my published lecture. And now before the final attack, I wish to notice one more of the Canon's missing shots. The reference, to the Italian Mission in England has lost its tinsil by too frequent use and exposure. Some more solid contribution to the con tinuity theory .might be expected from a churchman of Cauon Potter's calibre. There are sore memories connected with the re-establishment of the Catholic Heirarchy in England in 1830, which I would expect the Canon to be one of the last to recall. He boasts of the toleration of church and people which, 20 years after its enactment, graciously permitted an act of Parliament known as the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill to be repealed. But the Canon forgets the foul torrent of obloquy with which the Anglican Church of the day, from the .Archbishop of Canterbury down to the most obscure minister, deluged the land., The Angli can pulpits rang with wild denunciations of every thing the Catholic holds most sacred. It was the excitement produced by those invectives that placed Cardinal Wiseman's life in imminent peril, and consigned to the felon's dock England's most illustrious son, John Henry New man. From such toleration kind Heaven forfendus! And ail the time there was no more Papal aggression on the pai-t of Pius IX. in re-establishing the Catholic hierarchy in 1850 than there was on the part of St. Gregory in 597, when he sent St. Augustine toplantthe'firstltalianmis sion in Canterbury; This establishment of tha Catholio hierarchy Canon Potter re gards as barring the claim to Carbolic con tinuity, while on the other hand posses sion, no matter how obtained, seems to hiin to constitute a sufficient title to Anglican continuity, y Iri the eye of the civil law, I admit, the Anglican church may claim continuity with the church of St. Augustine^ Canon Potter thinks that he has found, in the recent debate in the Imperial Parliament on the Welsh Church Disestablishment '.Bill; .'a confirmation of .his temporalities continuity argument. But a little learning is a dangerous thing, arid, a too, cursory perusal of a newspaper report is apt to lead one into serious misapprehensions. Tho Canon quotes Mr Asquith as controverting the Statement of Lord Bosebery, that" if the right ot indefeasible tjiud apcient property rests anywhere in-these endowments, if rests not with the reformers, but with the Roroari Catholics," and as denying that any act of Parliament formally " trans ferred the endowments of the Church of Borne to the Church of England." But the Canon forgets that Mr Asquith con tradicts his own continuity theory, by proposing to leave to the His,established Church only the private endqwments created , since 1703. Again, the ; Canon has quite overlooked the important fact, that one of the strongest contentions of the Government of which Lord Bosebory. is the head, completely, upsets the .continuity theory. Thus Mr G. Russell said :— "Surely the Thirty-nine Articles em bodied ap entirely different system of theo logy from that which prevailed in the pre Beforraation .Obnrch j and I cannot convinpo' myself that the persons who made gifts to the-Churoli in" rocdcpvul tmjes would"have bequeathed (heir land had they known that as a body the Church was about to rebel against the See of Peter." Mr Balfour, tlie leader of Her Majesty's Opposition, did not rest the claim of the Anglican body to the old endowments on such a foundation as the continuity theory. Ho took the shifting but- safer lino, in which , he had been anticipated by Mr Matthews, of resting the claim oil a prescription of 300 years. . But • the Chancellor, of the Exchequer,- in a -few sledge-ham mor sentences pulverised the continuity claims. With keenest irony Sir William Harcourt observed— - " Sump chapters in church history aro now entirely "omitted. There is one event which in former days was considered of some "im- - parlance, which has entirely disappeared. It is.thc event which used to' be -known as thy Protestant. Reformation. On reading tho defence of the.Church "Defence' Association, you would imaginc that Henry Yin. never existed,-thntEdward VI, was a minor, that Mary Tudor of blessedmemory never lived, and that Elizabeth never reigned. All theBe pemomige^so far as church and state are, concerned, have disappeared from the 'scene. Nothing routenal; happened to the church and state in the sixteenth oontary, or nothing that mattered particularly. Everything is just asit was before;' and the church of to day is exactly the church of the period Le fore rofornjation in doctrine, in 'discipline, and in the whole relation with the state. It is like the axe wliieh hud a new head and a .new handle, but was always the .same axe," -Having disposed of Canon Pot ter's Tem poralities argument, I proceed to examine -the complaint, which he advances in the following terihs. He says :— "' If I wanted to kuow what the Church of ! Jyoine thought about herself where would I seek fur information ? Of course, in her own authoritative test—the creed of Pope Pius, the catechism of the Conncil of Trent, and the successive definitions of doctrine made by the Papal See." Canon Potter refers me to the preface of the Anglican Ordinal published in 1552, in which these words are found " It is evident unto xnen diligently reading the Holy Scripture and ancient authors that from tho Apostles1 time there have been these orders of ministers in Christ's church, bishops, priests, and deacons." And then he adds that the document goes 011 to provide for the making, ordaining, and consecrating of bishops, priests, and deacons, and enacts that no one shall hold such office unless he be so made, ordained. orcoDsecnited. As Canon Potter attaches so much iinportauce to the preface and text of the Ordinal, and com plains so demonstratively of my over looking them, I will now devote to them somewhat lengthened consideration. For tunately we have the most indisputable evidence of the meaning attnebed to the words by those who were mainly responsible for the compilation ot the Ordinal. Cranmer, Archbishop of Canter bury, the chief author of the Anglican Ordinal, absolutely denied the necessity of episcopal consecration, and maintained that, both for priests and bishops, simple appointment or election was sufficient. Sandys, afterwards Archbishop of York, absolutely denies the existence of any priesthood in the New Dispensation except a spiritual one. In these testi monies we have the mind of the compilers of the Ordinal, and their views were consistently held by Anglican bishops for more than half a coutury. "We begin with Parker, Elizabeth's first Archbishop of Canterbury. He deemed election and appointment sufficient to confer the priesthood or episcopate without ordina tion or consecration. Hammond, com missary to the Deanery of Arches, an official of Whitgift, Elizabethan Arch bishop of Canterbury, and therefore a most excellent witness of the law and theology of the age, gives similar testi mony. Hooker felt that a claim to un broken Apostolical succession would be fatal to the Anglican Church ; so he de clared, " We are not simply without exception to urge a lineal descent from the apostles by continued succession of bishops in every effectual ordination." He admitted the power of the church to take away the episcopal government, for the reason that it existed "by force of custom and r.ot by Divine appointment." And on the question of orders ho ax-, pressly said, " There may bo some time very just and sufficient reason to allow ordination made without a bishop." I could go ou cilling witness after witness, pile testimony upon testimony, but I would only weary you with the monotony of the evidence. The simple truth is that Apostolical Succession was treated as a jest by High Church and Low Church, till in the- middle of the seventeenth century Dissenters began to dis pute the Anglican pretensions to supremacy, and then there was a sudden rush to the defence of orders that, for two generations; had been a mockery and a scorn. Dr Elliot, Dean of Bristol, tells us "the 25 th" article re pudiates it - as a fiction altogether that God has . . . annexed peculiar grace and authority to the - imposition of bunds successively from the apostles, or to any other, arbitrary form of ordination whatever." Canon Potter says that not one in ten thousand has heard of Mr Pocock. Well, ho will hardly repeat this of Mr Ffoude, who makes the same accusation against Elizabethan Anglicau bishops in almost the same words. Ho "The bishops themselves lived as if tbty knew their day to he a short one, and made the most of their opportunities while they lasted. Scandalous dilapidations, destruction of woods, waste of the property of the sees hy beneficial leases, each incumbent enriching himself and his family at the expense of his successors; this is the substantial history of tho Anglican hierarchy, with a few honorable exceptions, for the first 20 years of its exis tence," Canon Potter also refers me.to'the Book of Common Prayer. .1 -' find ; in " Tho Order for the Visitation of the Sick," this direction :— "Here shall the sick- person be moved to make a special confession of his sins, if he feel his conscience troubled with any weighty matter; after which confession the priest shall absolve him (if he humbly and heartily desire it) after this sortOur Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to His Church to absolve all sinners who truly ^repent and beliove in Him, of His great mercy forgive thee thine Offences.; And by His authority, committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins. In the Namo of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." No doubt I find this power claimed by a host of Anglican divines: -But-on the other hand-, what language can describe the foul invective that rings from Anglican pulpit, platform, and press against this divine institution; and its administration by the .Catholic Church ! And -Canon Potter suggests a most decisive proof of the purely verbal character-of this continuity. 'He com mits himself to this representation of history.■ "Yon have an unbroken succession of Archbishops of Canterbury all through tho disputed period. Warham died liud Cranmer succeeded him, Cranmer was burnt and Pole succeeded liim, Pole died and Parker suc ceeded him. Each was consecrated accord ing to tho Niceue Canon by three episcopal consecrators at least. . . Each vras the suc •sgsorof St. Augustine except on out theory," which, as he explains, requires the " leave of the Pope," for the consecration of a bishop. Canon Potter hus told us that unqualified submission to the Roman Pontiff is tfie barrier that separates the Anglican Churcli from the Gatholic, or as he would put it, the Roman Church. "We shall see how far the words I have quoted from him will bear examination m the light of his own statement, and the historic evidence I shali now adduce. Of the four archbishops mentioned by Canon Potter, "Warham and Pole represented the .old, Cranmer aud 'Parker the new reli gion. Archbishop "Warham died in 1532, and on his deathbed protested his al legiance to the Pope of homo. But it is with hi? oath of allegiance to the Holy See I am now concerned, and Mr Pocock does not hesitate to write thus;— " Of course, it would be possible to defend the'breaking of an oath after it had been made by the altered circumstances of the change of view of the party who takes the oath.; Y:_ , . -jjofortanateiy ia tho case-tff tiie oath'taken by Cranmer at his conseoni tion thero is no loophole of this Icjnd. It was wljat in a court of justice in the present day 'would ho called perjury. It was neither more nor less thiin this, that he privately professed before certain witnesses that he would not be bound by-the oath, whioh, in his name and with his entire acquiesenoe, was made by his deputy at Rome to 'the-Pope, who was in utter ignorance of the whole transaction, which .did not indeed: take place till after the oath had been tonderedat Rome. The Pope's Bull, dated February 22nd, 1533, suspends both him and his oonsecrators from all ecclesiastical dignity in cuso he does cot personally take the oath of obedience to him self. Of course Cranmer would have much preferred to dispense with the oath al together, and no doubt his threeoouscorutors would have mndo no factious opposition to such a proceeding if the Kinir would fur n \ moment have couulcnancod such a departure from the ordinary routine. But on March 30th, the day of his consecration, ho publicly took the oath, and privately protested before hand that lie would not be bound by its provisions. It has been disputed whether this protest was repeated after the consecra tion, but tills point is unimportant to the chufire of perjury," which consists in obtain ing tho Bull from Rome under" false pre tences." But, perhaps Canon Potter will not ac cept this testimony, genuine historian though Pocock is, so I shall call his friend,' Dr Liftledulc, as a witness. "He will tell us that Craumer was " the most infamous personage in English history, compared with whom John Plantugenet and Henry Tudor have light shades iu their characters." And now we are come to the supreme crisis in the life of the Catholic Church in England. In 1558 Elizabeth ascended the throne. She was crowned aocordiug to the Catholic ritual, but there was little doubt -what course the daughter of Anne Boleyn would pursue. She had been scarce ten weeks on the throne when she opened her Parliament in person, and her Ministers brought forward the acts of Supremacy and Uniformity. By the one she abro gated the jurisdiction of the Pope in England, and gave to the Crown the ecclesiastical jurisdiction assumed by Henry VIII. and Edward VI. By the other she authorised the Reformed Prayer Book of Edward VI. (1552) with some slight changes to be used in Diviue service, and the administration of Sacra ments instead of the Catholic Liturgy. When the crisis came the hierarchy had been greatly weakened by deaths amongst its members. Of the twenty-six dioceses ten were vacant. But it is the glory of the English church that her bishops in und out of Parliament were found faithful to their trust. In Parliament such of them as had seats voted to a man against these measures. I have now done my humble duty in de fending the Catholic Church from an at tack, as undignified as it was unprovoked. If in this defence it should appear to any one that I have in any way exceeded that cnreful moderation which charity re quires, I would ask him to remember the provocation that was givcu, and the difficulty of defending an institution rudely assailed, without giviug some offence to those who are prejudiced against it. But now that my work is done, I can heartily join iu Canon Potter's prayer that God may grant to all to see the truth, and seeing, to love and embrace it. And on this great Pente costal feast may we not all join our voices with the voice of the Father of Christen dom and ask that the English people, so rich in historic associations, so dis tinguished for many natural virtues, so zealous for justice and truth, so attached to the See of Peter for more than 1000 years, so devoted to the Virgin Mother as to earn for England the title of " Mary's Dowry," may once more walk in the old ways', so that their great em pire, like the empire of the Romans of old, may he used by God as a fitting instrument for the conversion and sancti fication of the nations. —" Argus." 