Burning a Witch. THE IRISH .HORROR. The shocmng case which has just con cluded and is reported on another page recalls some of the worst features of the Middle Ages in connection with witch craft. In March last the unfortunate woman was murdered under circumstances thus detailed by an eye witness, William Simpson,1 a caretaker. Ho . stated that on the night in question he went to the house of Patrick Boland, and on the way met Mrs. Bourke and her daughter Kate. They went together to the house, and on reach ing it heard shouts, apparently^ in men's voices, of "Take it, you old-, or I'll kill you." He could not see in through the window, but the door was opened shortly afterwards, and they went in. They were obliged to open the door, as he thought, to put out the fairies. He and the two women went in, and they heard shouts of "Away she go j away she go." He then saw a number of men holding Mrs. Cleary in bed.' These were John Dunn, Patriok Kennedy, James Kennedy, and William Kennedy. Mrs. Cleary'B hus band was standing by the bed, holding a saucepan in his hand, and he asked Mrs. Cleary, "Are you Bridget Boland, wife of Michael Cleary, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ?" She 6aid, in reply, "Yes, I am." This question was repeated several times. Witness saw Michael Cleary give his wife some liquid in a spoon out of a saucepan. There were herbs in the saucepan. Cleary was forcing the herbs into his wife's mouth, and she resisted.' Water, too, was thrown over her. Pat Boland asked her, "Are you the daughter of Pat Boland ? Answer, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." She did not answer, and the question was repeated more than once. Questioned as tb. what these people were all in the house together for, witness said he believed " they were driving out the , witch," and the door was open for the purpose. When she would not answer the question some one, he believed John Dunn, said, "Mxke do\7n a good fire, and we'll make her answer." There waB afire burning at this time iu the kitchen. She was then carried in front of the fire by John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, William Kennedy, and her hus band, and was again asked the same ques tions. , Witness did not remember her making an answer. The men who were holding her then laid her over the fire, Cleary holding the saucepan all the time. The body was bent and forced in on the grate, and her hips rested on it. The other persons in the room made no sign of dis ' approval. In reply to her father, who asked her, "Are you the daughter of Patrick Boland, wife of Michael Cleary ? Answer me in the name of God." She said, " I am, dada." They were then satisfied they had their own-that they had Mrs. Cleary, and not a ?witch. They believed before they had a witch. They shook her when sho was in the bed, saying, " Away with you. Come' home, Bridget Boland, in the name of God.'' The same men took her off the fire when she had answered satis factorily. She was then put into bed, and they asked her questions, and she recog nised all in the room. . Some pf those in tho room then tried to console her. At 6 o'clock in. the morning'Cleary weht for the priest. They thought that" there werë some evil'spirits in the house, and they wanted td have" mass said to banish them. The witness went on.. to say that he .met Cleary on the Sunday'following, and Cleary said to him that the parties who convinced ; him about his wife would hot go with' him to Kylenagranagh Fort, which was sup posed to be a "fairy inhabitance." ?> Ho asked witness for a revolver to make them go, but witness would not give it. Cleary also told bim that his wife would be at the fort on a. grey horse, and he was bringing a knife to cut the cords that tied her to the saddle. The funeral of Bridget Cleary at Cloveen was boycotted by all her relations and neighbors. Not one civilian attended the burial, and the rites of sepulture were per formed by four police-constables. There was no hearßo, and the coffin was borne by a common car" from Fethard. The signi ficance of this will be understood when it is remembered that the Irish peasantry regard a funeral not only as an expression of respect for the deceased and of sympathy with the family, but aa invested with a certain degree of aanotity. Tho persons arrested for the crime were Michael Cleary, Patrick Boland, Pat Kennedy, James Kennedy, Miohael Ken nedy, William Kennedy, John Dunn, William Dunn, Denis Ganey, and Mary Kennedy, who wore all charged with the wilful murder of Bridget Cleary, wife of the first-named prisoner and daughter of I the second. 