FICTION. A Live Ghost. ' There he is !'—' There she is ?' —' There they are ?' These outcries were not fragments of a conjugation, bat the exclamations of a joyous crowd which leaned over the sides of the Campania, as she steamed slowly to her dock, and the mass of humanity waiting upon the pier became gra- dually individualized. Tom Stuart listened with a pang of loneliness none the less keen because it was unreasonable. He had in- formed nobody of his return. Yet his heart was heavy with the know- ledge that one of those eager wel- comes would be for him, though he had wandered so much farther than any of these other travellers. Two years before he had rushed away in hot desperation of a lover's quarrel. But in ' darkest Africa,' death's every-day neighborhood had taught him many lessons ; and part of that stern teaching had been the trans- lating of what seemed the dignified self assertion of his abrupt departure into a cruel injustice towards the girl who loved him. For of course Mabel loved him : else why should she have promised her beauty and her fortune to him, penniless Tom Stuart, who possessed only a paint brush for fu- ture reliance ? It was her money, or rather his lack of money, which had made him so easily offended when Van Eyck continued to haunt her steps after the announcement of their en- gagement. He had been jealous, she had been resentful ; they had quar- relled ; and within three days he had joined an expedition fitted out by a couple of wealthy young fellows of his acquaintance, who were inspired with the craze for African exploration prevalent among the youthful million- aire unemployed. Good God ! how long were those two years ! Through what a lifetime of monotonous marches and dreary watches he had dreamed of the letters from her, which he was convinced he should find when his party got back to Zanzibar, where civilisation and the mail service ended. Was it not one of her half tender, half mocking as- sertions, in the first glad days of their engagement, that a woman must nat- urally prefer to ask forgiveness of the man she loved, rather than to stow her forgiveness upon him ?' But, though dozens of letters awaited his friends, there had been nothing for him—nothing ! He was entirely bereft of family ties, and was of no social or financial im- portance. Only to Mabel had he de- sired to cable news of his safety ; and her anxiety was obviously not incap- able of further endurance. In the midst of the joyful messages sent home by his comrades, Tom Stuart had maintained the silence of his dis- appointment. For had he wished to break it through all the many weeks which are required nowadays to bring a traveller from Zanzibar to New York, until the foolish longing for a welcome overtook him as he arrived, unexpected and unrecognised, among the happy meetings upon the Cun- ard pier. Yet not quite unrecog- nised. While he was accounting to a cus- toms inspector for his portfolio of African sketches, he became aware of an oddly amazed stare fixed upon him, and recollected the perpetrator thereof to be a former acquaintance. ' Hullo, Jackson !' he exclaimed genially. His offered hand was accepted hesi- tatingly. ' Tom Stuart ?' Jackson stammered, with an uncertain smile. ' Beg your pardon. I—I thought you were dead. ' ' Never more alive,' Tom declared, struggling against an absurd dismay at the quality of this first greeting. ' You look splendidly,' Jackson con- tinued, with growing cordiality. ' I heard that the expedition had retur- ned safely to Zanzibar a month ago. But there was a rumor of your death soon after your departure.' ' I am happy to be able to contra- dict the rumor,' Tom said cynically , ' though I dare say most people will have forgotten both me and my demise if the rumor is two years old. You should be proud of your very reten- tive memory, Jackson.' With this utterance of a natural if unjustifiable resentment he stalked away into a cab, and was driven up town. New York was as dirty, dusty, and deserted as it usually is early in August, and Tom's remembrance of African heat became more kindly be- fore he arrived, perspiring and per- plexed, at his club. He had never been a prominent member of that agreeable institution, but he had fre- quented it for many years, and, should everybody he knew be out of the city, he relied forlornly upon recognition from the servants. The hall porter, however, proved to be a newcomer, who replied to Tom's inquiry for a room with the formula, ' Only club members received, sir.' ' You will find my name on the books—Thomas Stuart.' The porter drew a careful finger up the column belonging to the letter S. Then he confronted Tom dumbly, divided between amazement and indig- nation. ' Well ?' Tom demanded, a chill of suspicion stealing down his spine—not a pleasant chill even in August. ' The Thomas Stuart on this list is dead.' ' Don't you see that I am alive ?' cried Tom. ' Yes,' the other admitted, sharply : ' but I don't see that you are Thomas Stuart. Here is the star opposite the gent's name.' ' Call one of the old servants. I've been away two years,' Tom said, re- solutely controlling his temper, as he saw the grinning cabman standing guard over the portmanteau he had just brought in. ' Guess you know that the whole lot of old servants were cleared out six months ago,' the porter rejoined, with a derisive wink at the cabman. ' I will have you discharged for in- solence to a member of the club,' Tom began impressively. ' I ain't afraid,' the other inter- rupted triumphantly. ' If you are a member you must be a ghost : and I don't believe in ghosts.' Stammering with wrath, yet equ- ally determined against a row or a retreat, Tom ejaculated the names of several acquaintances likely to be available for his identification. ' Out of town,' repeated his adver- sary, with a leer, which grew more objectionable at each repetition, until Tom remembered David Wynne, an elderly bachelor who professed a con- viction that London and New York share the comforts of life between them, and that a man of reasonable experience is to be found in either one city or the other at any season. ' He is in town,' the porter conce- ded. ' Dines here every evening, 8 sharp.' ' I shall return at 8 ; and I shall re- port you,' Tom declared, turning away with but small consolation in antici- pating the vindication of his course which would crown his reappearance ; for he was impotently aware of an other exchange of winks across his shoulder. (To be continued.) 