FLOTSAM anil JETSAM. The Persian expresses liis contempt for the Turk by the following fable : — The ass once complained to God, saying, " Lord, why hast Thou created me, seeing Thou hast already created the Turk? And God answered the ass, saying, "Verily We have created the Turk, in order that the excellence of thy understanding might become apparent. Mgr. Angouard, Vicar Apostolic in the French Congo, says that the average life of a missionary in Central Africa was five years; but last year he lost four mis sionaries during the first year of their apostale which reduced the average. In fifty years 700 members of the Congrega tion of the Holy Ghost have laid down their lives in Congo for the' Church. A really genuine bon mot in a political speech is a rarity. Lord Carrington, how ever, enlivened a speech which he delivered' to the West Pancras Liberals, with an ex cellent story of the late Father Healy, the famous wit. His Lordship, says the Liver-' pool Catholic Times , related that a pompous Protestant divine once met Father Healy at dinner, and after the second glass of port, said ; "Father Healy, I am very glad to meet you — very glad. I have never been able to find any difference between a good Protestant and a Catholic, and I have lived 65 years in this world." Father Ilealy's retort was very severe. "Bedad," he said, " ye won't be 65 seconds in the next without finding it out." There is no record as to how the hit was received. According to the daily press 10,d00 men. have been provided with railway passes and miner's rights and shunted out of Melbourne. If this be a fact, says the Beacon, it is a terrible and portentous one. Ten thousand men capable, if access -to natural opportunities were afforded them, of creating, at the lowest estimate, one and a half millions of wealth a year, sent to tramp the country roads and fossick for gold. Charitable farmers, bankrupt them selves through Protection, will have to sup port the victims of Protection, when the winter comes and the snow falls on the Gippsland mountains. Thousands shiver ing in Victorian shoddy, bereft of hope will return to Melbourne, and then such sights will be seen that will shame even Mr. Trenwith himself out of the lie that Protection gives employment to labour. Meanwhile the competition for employment in the city is reduced, and every protec tionist who has a billet still flings up his hat and shouts, "Hurrah for Protection." 