Union of tlio Churches. TO THE EDITOH. Sir,— It W8B with 'no desire to enter into controversy that I have lat»ly Bpokon on the itubjcot ot unity. I bolluvo that tho hopo of rc-unlon among Christians lies rathor In a charitable and sympathetic attempt to dis cover tho many pnlntB upon which wo am In agreement, and to enquire whether there arono means of -harmonising apparently dlB ramlcnl ctntomnnts of dnolrlno by endeavor ing to view them from tho standpoint of -...,..»...»?? ....uiii nuuiu uuuipunuu ui disagree Father O'Callaghao, however, has written to defentl tho teaching of thu lloman Chureh agalnBt 'misrepresentation,' and with all my respect for him, 1 am sorry to bo obllgod to admit that his statements aro a fair sample ot tho wny In which llnman controverslullsto aro acoustomed to advocate their cause, tho very weakness of which must bo BUlllolonlly npparunt frnmjthclr oondeBcondlng to auoh trilling. Ho long hb Holy Scripture Is wilfully wrested and mleqiiotcd and hlBtory f.ilMficd thero aro small hope* of any settlement of our differences. Ho tells us that tho ?' Apostle St. Peter, tho first Pope anil Vicar of OhrlBt . . - .' Bald . ...» It. seometh good to tbo Holy Ghost and to Us.' Let anyone read Acts XV. and ho will find ihnt'lt was not St. Puter but ' tho Apostlesi eldors and brethren,' gathered togethor in Council Unit wore tho 'Us ('and that there Is not the slightest hint that theOiunell in tended tho ?' Us ' to refer to 8t, Peter, except as one of tho Individuals who composed It, If at thnt Council anyone Apostle gavo a decision it was St. James who, apparently, »s first Dishop of Jerusalem, presided (votso 111, 'My sentence Is' In tho Greek ' I judge,' ' I decide '). Thij Church of England spunking in her Con vocations, and by all her great divines, has consistently, oven from times preceding the Reformation, looked to tho holding of another juch General Council of the Church throughout the world (and such Councils were frequently held in the undivided Ohurcb from early times) for a settlement of all tho differences of opinion that exist In the Church, in the belief that tho decrees of such a Council would be accepted by tho whole Church— ns was the case then — as the voice of tho Holy Ghost. Romnn contro versialists have failed to support by evidence each separate link of the chain which is necessary to prove thnt ' St. Pttor ' over was ' the il'Bt I'ope and Viear of Christ,' or that the Bishops of Home afterwards succeeded him as such ; nnd tho ltoniun Bishop of Salford who has lately essayed to anBwcr tho Bishop of Manchester's lectures on the sub ject, his retired from the discussion on the pica of ill-health after being convicted of ' misrepresentation ' and evasion, and having his own authorities turned ngnint him. Father O'OallnRlian's account of the plant Ing of tho Church in England and the rela tion of the Church of England to the Church of Homo before the Reformation is on all fours with his interpretation of Acts XV. Even Roman writers ire farced to admit that the share which St. Augustlno had In the Conversion of England was small in com parison to that of the Missionaries from LindfBfarnc, who knew nothing of tho Supremacy of tho Bishop of Rome. And It Is an undisputed fact that, so far from iccog nl»lng her Supremacy, until the time of the Norman Conquest, no appeals to tho Pupa from the decisions of the Church of England i which, by tho bye, never called herself, nor was called, ' tho Church of Rorao') were permitted. Wilfred, Archbishop of York who alone had tho tcm«'ity to offend in thU direction was deposed and banished from York for having carried nn appeal to Rome. The real history of Papal Supremacy In England commences with the Conquest, 106G ; nnd from that time till the Reformation it is a record of intrigues on tho pait of the Papacy to obtain more nnd more powoi;in England — to degrade tho Church of England to thu pnsltion of a vassal of Rome, and to makn England n hnppy hunting grounil for Papal ambition. Enormous sumB of monny wore then being extorted by Home on evry conceivable pre tence nnd vast numbers of foreign 'ecclesi astics were continually being promoted to English benctices as reward for services to the I'ope, and drew their incomes therefrom whilst residing abroad. Tlio clmranter of Henry VIII docs not concern u«. Tbo Reformation in England was not the work of the King but of tho Church herself, which, favored by political clrcumstnnces reformed herself of her own will, acting In accordance with her own constitution. It was the clergy of thn Church of England who declared In their convocations in 1534 that ' the Bishop of Rome has no greater juris diction conferred on him by God In this Kingdom of Englandthan any other foreign Bishop ;?! and with very few exceptions the wholo of tho clerpy agreed with their deci sion. In all that the Church of England has done In the way of reformation she has taken for her motto tho celebrated saying of St. Vincent that, ' Implicit confidence may, and should be, placed in tho truth of what bos been believed always, everywhere and by all.' Whatever doctrines did not stand thin test of Gatholiclty wero removed from hor formularies and liturgy; whatever did so was carefully cherished end retained, and to those formularies wo look ns ' defining what Ib of faith and what is not of filth ' in the Church of England, nnd ns clearly setting forth her Interpretation of Holy Scriptures. That tho Church of England, after tho Reformation was accomplished, possessed every oiflontlal foaturo of tho Ohuroh (from n Roman Cathollo point of vlow)lfl ovldonced by tho fact thnt tho Popo wroto to Queen EllMibclb. that ho was willing to recognise all tho changes that had bsen mado If only tho Church would admit his Bupremaoy. Thero is no doubt that tho Church of Engt land, In common with tho Great Church of tho Knst, would bo willing to recognise tho Bishop of Homo as tho first Patriarch In the world were It not for his claim to an abso lute Headship over tho wholo Church. To quote a iwell-known writer :—?' Only dis abuse our minds of tlio falso and iiiIboIiIovous notion that Our Lmii sat up an absolute monarchy in His Ohuroh In tho porBoa of tho ApoBtlo PeUiri once got rid ot tho legendary talo that that monarchy was af tor 'warda InBomo way trnnsfurrod to the biicccb bIvo Bishops of Rome, nnd wo nre tliuu free to acknowledge, with all deference and honor, the natural Primacy of the groat his toricnl and imperial Sue.' It wus with no wanton destro to break the unity of the Church that tho Church of Eng. land uraharked on a pnlioy of reform. It was not until bIiu had long enduied Injuries nnd provocations, nnd had appualtd in vain again and again to Homo for redress j not until she felt that to submit to Pupal usurpation was to deny to Christ that Headship over tho Churoh that belongs to Him alone— that she took up that attitUL'o of independence which may yut, In Hod's good time, ho rewarded by Hlsonabllnghortnhe thu moans nt racon oiling all thu several members of Ohrlst'B Uoily. I cannot nsk you to give mo further spneo to ntiBwor ' NoncomformlBt,' or to Bhow how unfairly his statistics aro arranged ; but I shall bo very happy to lend him throuuh you, air, If he desires to remain anonymous, a work composed by an eminent convert from Noucoufcirmlty, which completely answers every point which he brings forward against tho Church, and renders it uu neccssary, as . far ns ho is personally con cerned, to Hog a dead horse —Yours etc, G. F. M. Fiei.dixo. Burnie, June II. , 