SHREDS AND PATCHES. , ;'! '' (By Ae&tis.;)^ . WOMEN ~; ON THE ' WABPATHi Mayor Watdhorn is no believer id woman suffrage. We can quite undefetand it. He has also had rather a surfeit of femininit since, he occupied the Mayoral chair. The Women|s Sanitary Association ? has giyen him no peace, and( on' Monday. He was ' assailed' by the better halves V of a. Biahop and an ex- Premier, aridr a.' retired British officer acted . as major-general, or rather as whipper in. of the attacking force. Thus menaced it was little wonder that he called to his aid . the only iieutenant-cblonel at his oom man'd in order to. help him.to beat of£ his tormentors. That sanitary cjues Hobart Aldermen to an 6arly grave, for now the ladies have 'taken, the matter in. hand it is a 'case of mend or break. Honest John thinkB worry is as deadly a plague as typhoid, and He ought to know,, for He Has Had both. It's no use, Mayor, Jbiin, you Have got to clean out theiir pestilential drains (and deodorise ' Hobaxt generally, or thare will be no peace for you so longa as there is a single pettiooated'Tnaenaber of. thej Sani-fcary Society in existence. ' . When 'a woman says she will, ' y bu ' ougHt' . to know what that .ineans by this tiinef and the women of Hobart have made up their minds to clear the capital of the ^^ reproach tHat^ 'Hangs .'to it at pre sent.}It's worry or wHitew.asH,an'd the sooner Mayor John makes up '^, His mind to the 'laiter the. better for - His V peace of mind, ' ' ' .' ' ; ? ; Knight arid Premier though he', ba Mrs Montgomery Has a - 'a very poor opinion' of Sir { feminike Edward Braddon, On ?. opinion a late occasion He , ofihe advised the people of pkbmiee, Hobart not to - cry ...... 'stinking fish'.' over their sanitaiy /matters, and as a leading authority on sanitation as well as on a good day's 'shikar ' He, was quoted by Mayor Watohorn. But Mrs Mont gomery derides , Sic Edward; as a sanitary Solon and considers Ha knows about as riiucH of sanitation as he does of agriculture/ arid that's not saying agreatdeal. ' A leading man roraooTn' ejaculated the irate lady as the. fighting blood' of Her aggressive parent mounted to Her cheeks ; ' a fig for your leading man, He's no better than any one else,' and she might Have added, not Half as good as those .who Have prospected, the sewers of Hobart. THere axa many who will agree witH tHe opinion expressed by the lady, and wHo affirm that, our Premier, is a much over-rated man. THere was a time when Sir Edward could utter that cry as loudly as anyone with considerably less cause, but that was before He became either Agent General or Premier. If crying stink IngfisH will cleanse the drains of the capital the sooner the ? cry ia voiced . the better, the Premier, Mayor WatcHom, and Alderman Dillon notwithstanding. These drains filled the cemeteries of the capital too long with some of their brightest sons, and if the mothers baa ''by rais' ng the cry put a stop to the evil more power to their, lungs say I, '' The lastfmeeting of the Launceston ?,:-. '-ry.ip- ??; city Council 'was one of BOHiiisfQ- the shortest on record— ? II tn?t .twenty -five minutes. Great Caesar's ghost! Where was Father Abraham ? Methinks the ancient one was not in his wonted vigour, else, by my halidam, would he not have occupied thrice that .time with the doughty contention of one point of order? The fiery Crosby also for once^ laid aside the fisticuff: 'of strife and disdained to arouse hia, venerable, foe by challenging him to, singler-handed combat. All was peace,..jand as a consequence a few, of, the require ments of the outside public, who lately have been paying the piper while the civic razzle-dazzlers danced, were attended to. I hear, However, that Father Abraham has got his second wind and is ready to start a veritable oratorical ' On ' \ next meeting.' The rest has, rendered! him like unto a lion refreshed, and: 'backed upi by the .other delegates of! those, whd do not pay rates he means; to make up 'for a lost afternoon. ! ?'?.;: .;; ??»?'.- ?'?'?''. ? . . ?'. \ .;;.; ! ']£ little/ bird '; has whispered to, ,miej ]'\'y ' \ ;^at the'Chief'Seoretary has ; ? played it somewhat ''. ,16 wi .' jchb ? ^wn on iiis coiifiiiing: 'I 'WA^' ^leagues. When lie was aspect ^to accept his present portfolio,; thiai hon. ^ilHain was ill-— very ill.! ';li/lie;Had/tak!Bn''it,irito his head to ; have -shuffled pf£ 'this mortal coil,'i '''a'''£ew*^pntiis/fsu.b&ie;^[uent to thefor'r inaction, of- the ' present, team— -welli ^M^sisrs Braddon, Fysh, Clark, and Piilinger might possibly have sur4 vived the shock j perhaps the 'Tkatriotio Sir Edward mieht even ] have been prevailed upon to once more come to the.rescue of an already bled colony by accepting the Chief Secretaryship. William is tough; however, and the probabilities, are tha,ii Sir Edward will not need to be asked to submit to such a eaorifi.ce. But does the veteran lag superfluous on the political stage ? Have his '; colleagues really a grievance ? Any ''.way, 'they apparently fail to keep : WilHam posted up in current inform ' matioti relative to, the vaiipuB bills tj he is 'supposed to engineer in the ; 'Upper; Hou'sV. Why is this thus ? ; ' ' ThVemlaeit' 'blue ribbonist^ Mr 35. ;.'.;';7.:; .^J^\C'^q^^/^H.A.''for tbde! ' that [ agressiyey.chroni; '?''[ '['';^pmii(iA^'.-r cally ' agin ^theV.GFuyy ?'?.'.' ' ' and ' i ' ment ' , constituency, ' ' siNNEE.! Montagu, has for years past, as his intimate ; Vfkeiids doubtless are aware, been a . rabid teetotaller. He may not look 1 the partjbut hia appearance is possibly due to something constitutional, not to what the unsophisticated might possibly think. His hatred of 'hot _— -.3, _?'?.*!?. — .HJ hh rm 1iMMA«n *9 yvnif ft Atrava , HiUU. IOUB1UUUB UIJUU1D vj^uxuo «l» ' came him in the House one evening recently«andhe said all sorts of unkind things about the hotel-keepers of Hbbart. His burning denunciation brought the publicans up in arms, and deputations and various other tiresome proceedings resulted. When D. C. U. got over his attack of vir tuous indignation and ' simmered down ' he could hardly believe all people told him concerning what he had said while the blue ribbon fit was upon him. He arose once more in the House and indignantly denied having ever said a word against ' ' the ' mine hosts of the city. ' ? They were all good men and true, and if they had a fault at all it was ?' perhaps a tendency . towards card *' playing, a diversion he occasionally \- took a hand in himself, It is to bo ? hoped that in future Montagu will (restrain fcuseelf when Jw starts on the warpath, against strong drink j he is liable to get hazy, not to say mixed, when he permits, his bias against Hennessey, Walker, Kinahin, D. C. L,, and Co. to get away with him. ? ?'' : ? ''? »': ? ,' '.*, I dare say 'most of my readers have heard ..ifch'e story ol ihe sbnt ? to two cockneys who took a lunnon. trip- to Devonshire, ex peoting 'to revel in oieamt'':'':h^B^'y-':egg^\axiK pother wholesome commodities, , Their an ticipations were, however* never fulfilled, for the constant reply to their demand for cream, eggs, etc., Was ' Noone i'J if house, muster ; all sent pop to Jiunnon.' The disapr; pointed: tourists, therefore, were compelled to return to whence they - came ere they could gratify their appetites. , This ancient story is' recalled to .my mind, through having read in a Victorian paper recently; the following somewhat similar i wail:— ' ? ?. ' ' ' ' '?'; j We went into the country^ where thej . air was puraand sweet, - i But-one .can't live on air alone, it's ?? ,. ,, . rather thin to eat ; i:. ,r ? And so we left the farmhouso, when; the world, was like a dream, ; Beoause we couldn't get fresh eggs,* nor ;butter^ cheese, or creanu : We 3 ourney ed to the ; sea shore next j? the bathiEg: was divine, ; But we were not amphibious,, and , could not live on brine. . , ', And so we went away again, though 1 quite against our wish, '( ?'' ' Because no place could furnish us And : then we hurried back to towni with all its rushand push, . And all . its disadvantages, , when placed against the bush. ; i But when the meal time comes around we're happy as can be, ' Beoause we have fresh country eggs and fish straight from the sea. 