THE MYSTERY AT LYNDON CHASE. The dark Deoember dasl ci 18- were fast drawing to a close. when, in reepsonse to a boiedy-worded statement that he would take no reftnal, from my eousin. Sir John, or, a he was usually styled among his friends, Jack Lyndon, I came down from town to join the Christmas party at Lyndon Chase. Some fie yesrs of th-e changes and chances which beset the career of a pri vate secretary had paced since my last Christmas at Lyndon ; and some changes had wiited the old place, too. My uncle. Sir Philip Lyndon, was dead, and hir eldest urn, Halph, was taking his last long steep in the sombre depths of an African forest. A wild, hot-tempered, spendthrift fellow had been this R.alph Lyndon, given to gambling a littleand uast iring generaly, and I had always believed his father bad no very great affection for him. However that might have been, on the vary day that he canme of age, the lad went upsi:ir. after a etormy scene in the library, packed his portmanteau and ordered the dog-cart round, rowing he would never oet foot in the house again while his father lived ; and the vow was kept faithfully enough Yet, perhaps, if Sir Philip's anger had been loss bitterly oontemptous, some kind of reconciliation might hare followed There was always much to work upon in the very strong and tender attacment he tween Ralph and his bro:her. Jack was a mere bhy of thirteen at the time of the hitter quarrel of his father and eider ro ther, but he wan old enough to feel thg coanequent Beparation keenly, and for a long time refieod to be oomforted. But as tae yearn of Palph's self-i'poed eXill wore on, he grew more re3ondiled; perhape forgot a little; whbile he was stndiounly taught to regard his brther as the pro digal ton, and one, moreover, Icr whom there war no plce of repentance. Sime years lIter neww bad come of Iliph'l death, and now. at the time of my story, his younger brother reigned in hit tead, and was keeping up one ct the trAdi tiosn of the Homse of Lyndon in the Chrietmau party of unotle. annts. and ton sine of every degree. He wra a handnome, nunny- tempered. open-hearted fellow, my cousin J&sk;, always ready to lend you hs or?oeeo, d.,'g. end gmne, and to put his name to a bill, or equare an aoont.with pleasant alacrity. I found the house at Lyndon full to overfliwiB-_a marry part7 over which Lady Lyndon, Jcek a stepmother, presided with somewhat stern and unbending sway. I received the heartiest of welcomes from Jack, and was speedily taken into his con. fdenoe on every conceivable subject, frem the ereation of new cottages in the park down to the dccking of his terrier's tail. "To tell the truth, old fellow, I'm un commonly glad to get a holiday just now," he said to me a we lonuzged together over my dresaing-room fire. "My agent, Hen derson, is a capital fellow: mirases the estate, and me. too, admirably i; but some' how he makes me work confounded:Y hard, won't allow me either time or money for any dissipation i; he's been with me five years now. I don't mind telling you that afairs were in rather a mesa when I came into the estate, what with poor Balph'a gambling debts and my father's sexpri* mental high farming. Henderecn has nearly succeeded inputting them straight; made me cut down all my expenesa; gire up the trainiig stables and betting-book. Why, I have to cnsult him first if I cnly want to buy a new hunter; 'poen my hcnor I have." There was always a touch of the spend thrift about all the Lyndons, and I was privately a little rejiica to hear of Jsck's having so ssevere a check upon is youthful extravagances. With hunting, shooting, carpat dances, and tableaux vivan's, the short winter days passed quickly and pleasantly enough, and on Christmas Ere another guest appeared, whom Lyndon introduced as his agent, Captain Hendereon. Finding he was alone and spending a solitarS Christmas in a half-finished house Jack had, with his ntual good nature, invited him to join the party at the Chase. He was a tall, rather handsome fellow of five-and- thirty, or thereabouts, with a dark, curiously impassive face, a hard, firmly set mouth under the heavy mouo taches, and keen, dark eyes, somewhat im penetrable in the steady directness of their ga11, a quiet, courteous manner and guarded *ptech. He had lived abroad same years before coming to the Chase, Henderson told us; but the subject of his travels was one on which he spoke with rther a lack of interest than a studied 'avoidance of the matter. A good shot and crcsscountry rider, always ready to teach a youngster how to hold a gun, or pilot a timid maiden in the hunting field. he speedily bcme a favor ite amongst us; and Lyndon presed him to prolong his visit till the New Year. After a little hesiatiton h consented. II. There was no party?at the Chase on New Year's Eve, Ledy Lyndon having Bomr kind of prejudice saiasso the frivolity of daoncing the Niw Year in and the Old Year out; and the next evening was fixed for the ball. We had spent most of the day in the saddle, and the smokingroom wa sootr deserted, as after midnight mutual con gratulatinos and good wisahes spoken, ons by one the fellows lounged away to bed; and only Ilendereer. myself, and young Dick Cheyae. of lidlandl, a younger soo of a yououer branch of the most iliustrioue house of Lyndon, were left to finish our cigars over tho dying fire. lJack having gane out for finanl consultation with m3 lady over the difficult ,liU.tion of precce doncc It war r. ct:l, moeed night, a henvy. impeneteahil blacknes r.gainat which the blucher ohadowe of the treen Etood oul faintly hre and here; a slight fcg rose from the damp earth, but the air was cc warm and cea so he td Oct the aindu, wide open end eot lefcre itl,II nlOcreon lying hback in a iwe chair, I opposite to him. Cheyoo etocd en the left i;.;oning hin broeialm sbldere gainost the window.frame, hid i.d.,l Jrown back a little an he watihed the puff o emoOk from hin cigar. Thc one window of the crohing- room cpnned on to ti,,n Lc..,., .ehi.h r-r te wool, length of the lide of the house; a brood gravl poth, eith a low etone blus trade, dividing it from the alrpn of turf beloor; at the extreome end Of the terra';'. and angle ef toe houseo, high, irlvy-covered wall ohut oult the ki:chen gardens an'i etables from view. We had not opokcn for some minuten and it eoemoIl to moe, ao I eat watchiog th dll eod glow of the fire on the panelled walla, that the silence without and within eon growLg a Ilttl oppressivo, and I we oonnzioe somhow on a dosir to ashut out the blck atillu.eeo nd heavy sir of the night. I turned to epeak to Dick. "• I winh you wouldc abet the window, Cheyne." Ito drew hin cigar from betwoen his lips rlifdloy, and with a wanmle gtstio. "Listen," he said, half uader his breath. Then there w"u a sonod cf footsteps on the gravel ontide--footatpa, certaiy' but such as I never beard before. The oLg, dragging, heary tread f oe fOfeet it eomeod to me. slow and eteslthy, bt sc distinct I could hear the ratte of loEs' eravel at each regu'Ar and measured tread. They cisy neirsr and Chenea dew hi selt np and orned his hoad towards thn squor of white ligh' t .hih shone through the open. anahtltered window into the dairkezs without. Henderson lifted his half-closed eye. " What is it ?" he akhed, indifferently. "I don't know; a dog, I think." an swered Cheyne. still keeping an earnest gaze on the ground before him. I rot np, and stood looking over his .Innder. - Tnae ound was close behind us now, and the ,m?taing sluank past our feet as we stood there. aod disappeared. "1Some brute of a dog prowling sbout but where the deuce has he gone'" ex crimted Cheyne, still in en undertone. He strode out quickly on to the terrace. The window at which we were standing was not more than two feet from the high wall st the end of the terrace, and the sngle formed by it and the wall of the ?oaue was-wtith the cxure ptn of a few inches of black shadow--led with light from ot I-.mpe. T Theriy leaves nd rrerygreen twigs cf wi-teriet on the wall shone out clear ant distinct, tot there was nothieng there ; and l Ceyne kicked out among the roote cf ivy and creepee, end leaned over the hbalustrade, peering into the dackness below, before he cams hack in me. ,I can't make out where it went," he said. half impatiently. "There's no hole to the wail among that ivy, is there r "to, I think noti. Liten again." H_ turned round ehply. and toot a stride back into the middle of the walk. standing fall in the light from the win' ioe mysterious footsteps Were coming back again, slower and more ustalthy they sounded, but no les distinct than before. Henderson had rijen and stood beside me, eis head bent forward a little to listen, his cigar held out carefully behind him. They came creeping on, those horribly slow, dr?gging steps, and then the shadow g:ided peat oc feet again, and Cheyne wheeled round with a quick exclamation? There was nothing behind him, and every leaf and twig on the terrace well hang motioulea in the damp, still air ; nothing in the light, rand the deknoess wa impene-. trable. "I can't make out where the thing die appared to," he repated a little excitedly, •bt peaking in the eame low tone; "Irm oertain I eaw something, didn't you P' "I thought so, but naver mind it now emie ix and shut the window, therees a good fellow; it'. getting cold." He followed me in, glancing back over his shoulder, and Henderson mat down again., turning a little from the light. " It's a most extraordinary thing," por sued Cheyne; "Ill swear that something went by, but where, in the name of all that's puozling, could it have geneP It couldn't have been a ghost, thounh I sup pose this honse is haunted, as all reapec able old mansions ooght to be. I'll sam Lyndon when he comes in if this is the ghost's walk." Henderson lifted his eyes from the floor and glanced at the lad half abseatly, it seemed, from beneath the half- closed lids. I staeted a little and followed his glance uneasily; Cheyne's careless words had more in them than he knew oL " Better not; I wou'dn't say anything at all about it, if I were yeou," I answered quickly. "Why not' Cheyne stared at mle. "Because, my dear fellow, this is the rhoet's walk, and there ir a tradition re apsctieg it, which, I suppose, you don't happen to know." • So; what is it F" "Simply this;: whenever footsteps are heard and a shadowy something is seen on the terrace out there, the Master of Lyn don is doomed to die within the year." Cheyne laughed esornfully. " What non sense. You don't mean to say you believe in such rubbish, Lyndon f "I don't saey anything of the kind, but I know that Jack tbelieves in it molt firmly. He believes he heard it before his father's death, and that no Lyndon since the looun dation of the world hs ever passed away without this warning of death." Cheyne shmugged his broad shoulders doubtfully. I shouldn't have thought him so superstitions," he said. At that moment Jack himself came in. " Charlie, my boy, Lady Lyndon and I have earned ypor undying gratitude," he began, with the gay, careesleangh that had so infections a ring bout it. " Yo are the victim of a conspiracy for the suppression of bachelors, active operaticns entrusted to very fair hands; time and place, the ball. room to- morrow night: en prepare to meet yoor fate like a man, old fellow. But look here; I received strict orders from Lady Lyndon to break up this onelave. ao I pro pose that we retire Henderson, I'm afraid that Fulling brute of mine was too much for you to-day ; you look tired." Jack had gone up to him, and wee speaking in the low and exceedingly winning one h sometimes need. Henderson answered, with hi nsal grave courtCesy that he was a litt!; tired and would go to bed. What was the meaning of the look in thse keen eyes, as they rested for a momeno on the other's handsome, sanny face' 1t haunted me that nght with the persistency of a vague dim memory, unfolding itself in some dusty, forgotten corner of the brain. Twenty-flour hours later, and the great hall at Lyndon was a blhze of lights, flowers and fine dreeos, and I was mn. fully submitting to my fate in the person of a gey little heires of twenty enmmere. Jack pserformed his duties as hoset with un tiring energy and vigour; and I watched him one, a he stood near mein a panse ef the dance, bending down from his stately height to a aslender little figure at his aide, hi dark eyes glowing a little, his olear, ri sonant voice so gay ; souch strong young life foehed into his handsome facs and beat in his steady pulses--t seemed strange, im possitle, than he should be doomed. I pulled mysmlf up quickly. It ws ah. surd, worse than absurd, to let the vaguely trounbled undercurrenta of thought, that had hbnnted me sinoe mroring, galn the rpper hand like this. I tried hard to dtimomi snch thought, and yet, somthow, I found myself in the smoking-room again an hour after midnight, standing at the open window, and listening for the mysterious footsteps on the terrace. The lamp on the table was turneod down, a?dl did not at flet see that I wu not alone, ntil Henderson, half rising from the depths of his easy chair betide the window, spoke to me. '" Have you come here to ecapre the heat and glare in the alal, Mr Lyndon ? 'Pon my honour, I found it a little too much. I regret to have to confefe it, but I believero I am getting t.o old for this sort of thing." It w?e another etarleu, moonless night, only the white ghostly light of a lift e sprmokling of anow, which lay hero and there in tiny drifts, under the trees and on the gravel paths, gl]amed with a faint, pallid whiteonea under the leaden sky ; a restles brereze stired among the neatlhng ivy leoveo and leafneao branchos of the oreeperi onwthe wall, and came in at the open windono Sweeping into the silence came the sorrnd of voicec, laughter and music from the ball room, a murmur, which roe and ofell aganl with the sighing of the wnod, but failed to drown that other sound I was waiting to hear-the soft, stealthy steps on the gravel walk. I nd not stood there many minutes be fore they came, dragging slorly past the clewed windowe of the library and drawlong. room. corning nearer and earer-the sound a little erieroioe, it rrrih by tir e m - ontil they ptcead my vry freto, rant I awnng out on to the terrco with a sudden energy that must Infallibly have brought me into eharp collision with anything that had been there, Nothing but darkness and silence ; and, haffled again, I rturneod to the window. louderson's chair was empty, and I caught the sound of the door alosing after him as I came in, and took up my station ance more to llteon, the vaguoely uuoumfortable soln-c leonr of anliety ndt forebodineg egainat whilh I had been aterggling all day, rtturn 10g on me with ftller forer. It we not nae to me. ths teaditlon of the Choet's Walk. in which my erole, Sir PbIile, sa hI father brefore him, hadt o tevar? fBmletly, ar In which ohl pet ar uqueestionin? faith; but I had nrev peculted on the .subject before, and now I found my oepticm leee asuredl tien was altogether pleinig to a practiocl, ocmmon Lease yonag fellow of seven-ad-twenty. I stood ti'l Listening and meditating. nesy onn thre pint, wheun thoe door opened again, end J?o-'s clear vrolce ci e ringing a?ros the dark spue betwecn re. "Corlie, Is that yen Neow, 'pon my word, this is too had; you herave left the prettiest girl in the room to tit cnt the ' my Queen Walt.' wlting for her truant ctv her. Yonare being inquired for on all aides, and here I find you sitting in the smoking room. It realy is too had." had come over to me and aid hihsnd en my shoulder lightly. dding a quick: ".What s te matter ou are not ill, my hby i" nIli- no; I only came for a breath of fresh air." I renoored myself with some thing of n effort. "The room? were so oonfonndedly hat, bat I'd no idea I had been here o long ; better go hbck.I rppon.. and down en my knees before my deserted uartner." 'I n'aher think you had, ut you don't des re' to be forgireB oitabr-sad suaokig. to, you babario. Listen I what's thatY' Lyndon's hand rested more heavily on my uould*r for an instant and he came a teop earer. I would hare answered him, hare kept him book It oIold, but something hmld e silent and powerless, nd olowly again. but more distinctly, more heavily fell the sound of those stalthy footsteps on the white, silent, oanw-coverd terr , bringing with them now a sonrs of oppre sion and strnge, unreasoning fear, against wtieh I could not reav struggle. A momaet later, an ugly shadow glld&d; poot our feet, and Jaok leaned baok tgisnt he window-frame with a half-suppresed groan. SCharlte," he said under his breath; "I did not think you were listening for that." "For what?' I answered sharply. There i some dog about, that is alL" He took his hand from my shoulder, wnt in and ast down in Henderson's chair, turn ing his faos away from the light. *For pitys sake, Joak, don't get that abourd notion into your head ; an't you hear a sound out thero without ianeying it ia-?I that? It'a ridfouloua, mere supenrstion," I exelaimed, seeing it was useless to feign ignorance of his meaning. He interrupted me with an Impatient gesture, bht not raiing his head. "I heard it before, Charle. when my father died. I canot be mistaken now. It is the warning for another Lyndon, within the year, you know. Well, I sppone I had oounted on as long a life as most mon. I hope yu'll he a longer relgn than I, od felino." "Jack, Jack, if you rwnt me to think ou a sane man, don't talk like that; what we heard just now is to be esily accounted or If anyone took the trouble to go round to the kennela. Come back to the Hail, there's good fellow, and don't talk about dying and my reign like a euperatitionu old Woman." I bent down to him a itle as I spoke, nd he tur o e, ehaking hi head, but rwth a faint smile. '"You will not ridleule or argue me ount of my conviction, Charlie. Do you think it ia poasible once to have heard that and to have forgottn! I toll you It is the warning and I am doomed to die within the year. iRther advie me to set my houe in order, old fellow. ' Argnment, ridlnule, persaelon were of n: avail, and I grew rather deaperate at last, and hardly knew what I sald in my earnes endeavour to dispel the unhappy iancy from hil mind. " Don't say any more, Charlie; let us go back to those people I have to entertaln and try to forget it till that duty is done. And don't say a word of this to Henderson or any of the other fellows," he added in a lowe. tone, as he got up and put his arm through " Of course not," I answerod, almost dragging him out of the room in my anxiety to fet away. Watching the lad closely, as I could not help doing while mnuslo, langhter, the sound of happy voices and rythmio foll of light feet on the polehed oor went on hour after nour, I could almost have fancied he had thrown off the gloomy foreboding which op. preesed him so short a time ago, in the steady, determinate self-control which made him join in dance, jest and laughter with the same light-hearted galesy of manner so before. Henderson was watching, him, too. and some troch of gravlty in the calm in difference of his keen, dark eyesgave methe impressIon that he knew s nmouh of Lyndon's fatal superstiton as I did. (To be Contiusd.). 