[JTO7FFXSSTPUBLISHED. ' AIT. (tUEESSLAHD BIGHTS BESEBFED.J ' THE DESIRE® THE EYES By GRANT - ALKEN, Author o£ "Tho Woman Who Did,"-&c.;, &c.; p*WO IN A BO AT,on "Windermere.* The time -was late autumn; the hoar was twilights Faintghosts , of purpZe'motmtains floated «*m on. the water, hacked up by the mellow v . glow of a reflected sunset. Distant sounds of laughter and., of singing, voices scarcely "broke the tingling stillness. It was a moment for lave-makiDg. Their souls thrilled within them- . " He dropped, the oars, anff leant forward towards the seat in the stern where Thora was sitting. "Say yes," he cried, eagerly.. "It must be yes, Thora." ' \- . He had never called her Thora to her face till evening. Her name sounded sweeter ; to her on 1***3 Btheredge's Hps than she Bad ! ever before thought it. Hat still she held:. Twir. Her heart straggled within her* j * "No no, Hr.Etheredge," she answered, ; fighting hard against her own. overpowering impulse. 41 Never ask me again. I musn't, I musn't." • "Why 4Mri EtheredgeT " the young man cried, gating deep into her eyes. "I said *THnr» 1 $hy not, 4No, LioneLr',r \- The girl's Hps named the word* faintly.. u No, Lionel," she repeated after him, flushings 1c was sweet to say "Lionel" aloud to him that night, as she said it a hundred times before to herself—even though she said it. now wUh an unwilling " No" tacked on to it. fiat Lionel Etheredge laughed a low melodious laugh to himself. " I have caught \- yon, Thora !" he exclaimed, seizing her hand in his own. My queen, I have cflnght yon! "When once a woman says 4 No, Lionel,' in a voice like that, it doesn't mean what it says. .It means, 4 Yes, Lionel' It means, 4 Yes, Lionel,' and a great deal more. It means, tI; want you; I long for yon; I mu.t.be yours; but I won't let my heart Bay what it is buret- ; ingto tell you, I lave you, Ilove yon.' Isn't that 60, Thora?" Thorn's face flushed a. daintier crimson still; in the' sunset ^ov. She clasped her hands' hard. He had read her; he. had read her? " Oh, Lionel," she cried,' raising her eyelids \- and glancing at him with the timid confidence of a girl's first love, 4Cbow you_ see through and through me!" '. Then she shrank away . terrified. Had- she said too much ? How couldsHe ever drawback sow/after sofrank a confession ? - .. • - . But the man, like a man, knewwhat followed, as of course. - He-.seizejTher im his arms,' regardless ofthe.dangers of .lakenavigation, and kissed her a dozen. time% fervid lover-like Thora tookthem without demur. Sh&.was too queenly to resist them. It was that indeed \- that 60 greatly charmed him in her—her in stinctive dignity. ' People at Windermere hardly took the Braydalea for gentlefolk; they were-but " statesmen,." or yeomen farmers" of a Jew generation* standing; and Thora was \- companion to a somewhat richer aunt, who bad married a- Manchester merchant* of the second orderl But Lionel Etheredge saw in her a queen of women, whom any man might be proud to have won on his merits. • After a moment she disengaged him gently, with that unobtrusive ixnperioiisness there is no disobeying. He drew back and gazed at her. She was flushed but beautiful. Her statuesque features were pure Greek in outline; but that delicate pink glow—no art could equal it. Yet it was not for her stately beauty alone that he loved her, he said to himself as he looked at her. A face Eke that'must harbour a soul beneath it. The light that was in her lighted her eyes as she gazed at him. "It is for the last time. Lionel," she mur mured, with a regretful tone, as she drew bade and let her lids drop suddenly. "No, no, Thorn; the- first—the first of ten thousand," the young man answered, eagerly. 44 "When once you have said my name to me like that, you have.told me everything; you are mine for ever.". Tboni gazed at him. earnestly. /'I wish it . were-so," she answered frankly, with a linger ' ing cadence. "Bat it never can be, dear Lionel. -I mustn't allow it. For your sake I must be strong, and say no once for all to you. Tour uncle would never consent to it—and you owe everything to your uncle." The -young man gave a gesture of im patience. ".My uncle." he cried,- half-ccn temptuoasly. " Oh, bother my uncle! Ko, Thora, I know he's been kindness itself to me" —for there was reproach in her eye at the strong word he had; checked ; "hut there are matters 'where a man must take no account of uncles. .Here* dearest;-I shall row you out a little further again, and well talk' this over a bit more together. Tour aunt? Ob, aunts are in the same box as'uncles. She must wait half an-hour. I won't let you go till you've said yes outright to me." We.all know the end of a colloquy that begins in that way. When a woman is fight ing against her own heart she has a powerful antagonist; and when that antagonist is aided and abutted by the mail she loves, why the ■issue or the conflict is a foregone, conclusion. Before the boat came to land again Thora Braydale had yielded. She would be Lionel . Etheredge's : wxfe as soon as he had obtained \- his uncle's consent to the marriage. "But don't ask Mr. "Asbby," she .Baid tremulously, *f till Aunt lizzie and I have got -away to Antibea. I shall be afraid to hear what he says to you when you break the news to him. I know lie won't like it. And if lie gives Ins consent—r-wliich. lie won't, Pin sure— you must come oatthere to maxxy me." 