HUMORS OF MODERN ADVERTISING. la the pleasing and subtle art of modem -advertising brevity is more often the BOUI of ambiguity than of wit. The advertisement sheet of the ordinary newspaper is, perhaps the last place some •folk wonld think of scanning in search of humor, bat it is to be found there pretty frequently, nevertheless, and the artless unconsciousness of its most sparkling expressions renders it all the more piquant and ' •delicious to itB intelligent discoverer. The subjoined authentic examples will serve to substantiate the foregoing theory. A provincial journal is responsible for the " following comprehensive " ad.":— " Man seeks situation as bedstead, box, packing case, rough carpentry, or warehouse; seventeen years' character." This accommodating personage must be dnd of ample dimensions, and as tough as a boarding-house steak, to cheerfully fill such a startling variety of functions for 17 jeare, and complacently ask for more. Such physical prowess compels our admiration. The Surrey Leader recently regaled its Teaders with the following hazy statement :— " Young man, -aged 20, wants situation in & ;gentleman's garden, where he can improve himi self inside and out; leaving through death and igiod character. State wages." Wecan quite understand how death would •compel this youth to vacate his former ^situation, but what a " good character" had L >4o do with it is rather puzzling. His ardent •desire for improvement <( inside and out" •-casts some slight reflection on his good •character, but does him credit. Perhaps ilis vague suggestion as to improvement may Slave some remote connection with food and •clothing. If really dead, however, he must •expect to roam the gentleman's garden in the capacity of ghost, though he could hardly \- expect to draw -wages for so doing. The next advertisement we quote pos Besses a band and cruel veracity peculiar to itself. It appeared recently in a London dally and read as follows:— "Wanted, a competent person to undertake Che sale of a new patent medicine, it will prove moat profitable to the undertaker." A smart provincial periodical lately ventured to publish the following :— « For sale, a ball terrier, two years old ; will t>at anything. Very fond of children." •^bere is a fearless and picturesque de ecriptK^ canine voracity, but it iB not calculated P° prove very alluring to the family man, who would scarcely care to avail himself *>f 9 house guard at such a cost. The anxfety of the advertiser to lid himself of such a brtfte is very reasonable under the circumstances. Its insatiable hunger for child-flash may have instigated : a few premature juvenile interments in his .neighborhood. We appreciate the owner's •^wisdom, but decline to bid. ThoBe blue-Bpectacled grumblers who are constantly croaking about the excessively high rental, of the metropolis are invited to peruse the following " ad./' from a recent copy of the Echo :— " Front parlpur (famished), bed- sitting-room j yiano, suit two friends, Is. a week ; bicycle accommodation." Considering the advantages offered by the advertiser, no reasonable person can conscientiously affirm that the remuneration required is exorbitant. Any " two friends," possessed of a fair ineome, could club together, and for the sum of 6i. each per nreek, enjoy the comforts of theBe desirable •" diggings." . After such a magni6cent offer as? the above, let no one assert that London lb Agings'are expensive. One oi the most respectable morning paj >ers recently printed the following airbig 9ous advertisement relating to an hotel in S outhero Europe :— "KVerj civilised advantage found in this hotel. Iiftwn tennis, orchestra, French oooks fresh eg?s, milk, «taC. supplied daily, from the firm." Agriculture : in southern Europe must have reached a' very high pitch indeed, to enable «t to produce such a Btartling variety of *' civilised advantages " from orchestras end F/vench cooks, to lawn tennis and fresh eggs. Truly this is a wonderful state of things^-though it sorely taxes our powers of belief. But the advertisement says it is really .so, therefore we must accept the statement But we yearn to behold that farm with our own eyes, nevertheless. Hearing a faint rastlelnthe darkened hall* way below, the elder sister, supposing the young man had gone, leaned over the bainstraJe and called out, " Well, Bessie, have yon Janded himl' There was a deep, sepulchral •llence for »ome moments. It woe broken by the hwdtating, coJMrtreluid-Tolep of tb« yotjug jpHt^'flbl&U;^ 