BACCHUS MARSH COUNTY COURT. TUESDAY, APRIL 23. (Before His Honor Judge Walshe.) Walter Edward Juniper v. Thomas Aus tralia Anderson. Breach of contract in refusing to allow plaintiff to take and carry away certain dry timber, both stand ing and lying in a paddock containing 50 acres, in the parish of Coimadai, in accor dance with verbal agreement with plain tiff, whereby, in consideration of plaintitf cutting, cleaning and burning all scrub in said paddock, which plaintiff has done, he was to have all the dry timber both stand ing and lying in the said paddock. Plain tiff claims £50. Defendant made a coun ter claim of £15 for green timber removed. Mr. Perinezel for plaintiff, Mr. Seton G. Williams for defendant. Mr. Williams took the objection that there was no case, as the plaint set forth that a verbal agreement had been made to remove trees, and all the authorities laid down that trees were an interest in land, and anything relating to them must be in writing. The reason was that real prop erty transactions could not be dealt with as a matter of memory. The law rightly said that any interest in land could only be affected by documentary evidence, Quoted Borell v. Boxall and another, Young & Jervis's reports. Smith v. Sur. man, Barnewell & Cresswell. It was con tended in one of those cases that under wood was a chattel, but the Judge held that trees were a part of the inheritance in land, and under the Statute of Frauds such possessions must be dealt with in writing. Any corn or .cropscreated by the labour of main could be dealt writh by parol agreement, but not standing trees, which were part of the land. His Honour expressed a doubt as to whether Mr. Williams's objection covered the whole of plaintiffs claim, as part of it was for underwood. Mr. Williams said if part of the claim was wrong, the whole was wrong. MLr. Permezel said notice of this defence should have been given. It was distinctly laid down in rule 66 that where a statutory defence was to be pleaded definite partic ulars of it should be given. He asked for an adjournment, on defendant payinm costs. He considered Mr. Williams was wrong in urging that a verbal agreement did not apply to the personal property. His Honour was inclined to think that this objection was precisely one of the kind of which notice should have been given to the other side. M r. Williams thought not. The utmost lie would concede was that the non-givinu of notice could be dealt with in giving costs, as he apprehended that the plaintiff must be nonsuited. He maintained. that it would be absurd to go on with the case when the law was so positive that a case did not lie. Mr. Pernlezel contended that the portion of the contract which Mr. Williams barred vas not very important, as the bulk of plaintiff's claim did not refer to standing trees. Mr. Williams said plaintiff might have another causoe of action, but that he did not vant to go into. SHis Honour-thought- the- best course ::open to him was to adjourn the case, when6,:both i paties imiglht amend :their. hand. - Mr. Williams considered the claim was not divisible. He asked that the case be settled,,as it was only wasting time or money:to' come here again. His Honour did not see how he could deal with the case. Mr. Williams had raised a e?ry formidable legal objection, but lie had not given legal notice and therefore lie could -not plead it. The plaintiff ilight be able to recover for work and labour done. Mr. Williams said lie would rather waive his objection than come again. Their merits were so good that his client said he would sooner go on with case. \Mr. Perinezel said Juniper and Ander son verbally agreed that Juniper was to burn the scrub, and for recompense was to get the dead and fiallen timber. He had cleaned the paddock, and had taken out about 50 tons of wood. Defendant's son served him with a notice to stop. Plaintiff took no notice, and a second notice was given that lie was to go on. A third notice was given that the gate of the paddock would be locked against him if he removed any more standing trees. Plaintiff did not force the gate, but asked the: defendant, in presence of a witness, why he whs debarred fromn carrying out the contract, and defendant referred hilhi to his lawyer. Mr. Williams said the defendant had s alway's been willing to allow plaintiff to carry out the contract imade with him. s W' -. E. Juniper: Saw LMr. Anderson on 14th June last. He said he had some scrub he wanted cutting, for which lihe would give the dead timber, or the dry i timber. Agreed to meet him in the pad- o dock next day. We walked through the paddock. I said nmy opinion was that I there was not enough lying timber to recompense me for cutting the scrub, and v the logs were big; I said can I have the i standing dead trees. He said, " well, 1 yes." . He came with ime to where I was I working on the roadside and lie said, as I lie Was going away, "Is that a bargain." I I: said "Including the standing dead i timber, for clearing away the scrub." He J said "aild burning." I said "that's a g bargain." Started work about middle of July. .Commenced carting some wood away. I had to finish the cleaning and q burning by October, which I did. I cut down one tree as soon as I went into the paddock. I continued cutting and carting, until the scrub was done. On 4th Jan uary Mr. Anderson interfered with me. h I had cut a good few trees by that time. He asked me when I would be finished. A Onr March 7th he gave cme notice that lie iiitended to close the paddock owing to a my breaking the agreement. I went on with the work. He afterwards met me and said he withdrew the notice. I said I would abide by it. He then sent me an other iotice stating that the paddock was still open, and would not be closed until J further notice. I kept on as before. I a cut down dead timber. He sent me an- t other notice, dated March 14th. It said I t had taken away more wood than I was c entitled to; I had only a right to take s eight or nine standing dead trees, but I g had taken half green trees. If I persisted o I would be locked out. I went on until v 1st April. Mr. Anderson then came to me and said it was no use my going on, a that the panels would be locked against a me, and I deserved all I would get. I took a load of wood out on the 2nd, and J ont the 3rd April the gate was locked. g There Was a notice on a tree near the 11 panel warning trespassers against taking t timber: I went down to Mr. Anderson's p house, and said "I see you have got those t panels locked." He said "I know noth- a ln ary u w my lewyor.'' I-T .ad t him for the key a second time, and lie re- p ferred me to his lawyer. I only took a little green timber which got burned by the scrub early in September. I told Mr. t Anderson about this, and he said it could t not be helped, that I had better clear them t off; he was always very careful not to burn scrub near green trees. Two green i trees have been cut down by some one t looking for bees. Have had John West, 1 Bottle, and Minns working cutting scrub. Only count that there were about ten I standing trees left belonging to me. c Think there was about 20 tons. They would be worth about £1 each standing. 1 There would be about ten loads. There are about 25 loads of lying timber. Each I load is worth about 8s. to me; in the pad dock it is not worth more than 30s. -To Mr. Williams : Will swear that i Minns did not cut anything down but a decidedly dead timber. Will swear that v the scrub extended over more than half c the paddock. There was about 20 acres 1 of scrub. It was not all in one place; t there were three lots, some five chains i apart. It was worth about 8s. per acre to I clear the scrub. t M-r. Permezel said that had nothing to t do-with the contract. M?Mr. Williams said the absurdity of the t claim would be shown. Men would do the work for 2s. 6d. an acre. Witness: It was worth 8s. an acre. A t nian could not do a quarter of an acre a I dayin some places. Mr. Anderson asked me to remove some timber on to the road. i ,Mr. Permezel said no defence had been t raised that plaintiff had taken too long a over theswork. Witness: I had to clear the scrub off and everything else by burning time. He a said there was no hurry for the wood. I took a~bout 125 loads of wood off the ground. They are only worth about a Is. aload on the ground. Anderson did not point out eight or nine dead trees in the southern end of the paddock as the only ones I was to get besides the lying timber. He never interfered with sme taking the dead timber lying on the ground. To Mr. liermezel: I have inot taken an undue time to take the timber off. I would not have cut thle scrub for the eight or nine trees referred to in the southern end: They were worth about 1is. each. To- Mr.- Williams: If there- are 25 stumps of green trees in the paddock they we?e not cut by me. James Hutchinson Minns: I was em ployed by Juniper to cut some wood in Anderson's paddock. This was 1st March tlhi? ;ear. The orders were to cut nothing but dry timber, dead and standing. Ne~er cut any green timiber. Defendant told me not to cut timber which hlie said was green. I said it was not. Saw l'ur cell cut a tree for bees. To Mir. Williams: Will swear that I niever cut any green tree. I never saw anygreen stumps. Inever cut any. Did not say to Anderson that one tree was ialther sitppy. It had no leaves on it; the bark had fallen off. Never saw Juniper carting in green wood. Joseph Bottle: Cut some dry trees down for Juniper. Did not cut any green trees. There might be sap in a tree some years after it was felled. I inspected the paddock on 12th April, and only saw four green trees which had been cut. Some sttunps had green shoots, but the timber above them had been dead, as the trees lhad been rung some tiime. ])on't thinlk Juniper took an unreasonable time to clear the paddock. -lMr. Williams objected to the witness dein; asked the value of the scrub cutting. -0 Mr. Permezel said Mr. Williams had onal~nJunider that question. \--His Honour said that was in cross-ex amination. To Mr. Williams: If a box tree. is properly rung in September it will befit for cutting in the following March. To Mr. Permezel: I think all the trees taken from the stumps I saw had been dead two years, except the four I men. tioned. Colin Todd: Went to Anderson's pad dock last Sunday with Juniper. Ex amined the stumps. They were dead, with suckers at the bottom. Think they had been dead for twelve months or nmore. There were two trees that had been cut down for bees, and one or two had been burnt. To Mr. Williams: I did not look at all the stumps. Trees vary in the time they take to die after being rung. Soume of the trees rung in June last may show signs of life now. The sap may not be all out of a tree when it is dead. Saw the tops of the trees which Juniper had cut down and they were dead trees. A tree can be quite dead with a lot of green sprouts round the stump, if it is a rung tree. W. Cox asked for his expenses, which were guaranteed by Mr. Permezel: Had a conversation with Mr. Anderson in October last, who told me lie was giving Juniper all the dry timber in Joe's pad dock for cutting and burning the scrub. Cannot say what timber Juniper cut. Think Juniper has cleaned the paddock. Cannot say what quantity of scrub there was. It would be worth 5s. an acre to set and burn ; it could not be done for 2s. nd. To Mr. Williams : A rung tree will be I absolutely dead in twelve months. Think a rung tree will not get through a sum mer. It is dead when the leaves are all otf. A tree can be dead above the ring e mark and alive below it. Have cut scrub for 3s. an acre on a different paddock. George West, wanted his expenses (8s.) i which were paid in the box: Had a con- i versation with Mr. Anderson about July I last. Was at his place. He asked ne if I would take the cleaning of the paddock. I said I would look at it, but if Juniper t had anything to do with it, I would not interfere. He told me afterwards that t Juniper had got it. He said Juniper had got the timber in the paddock for the r cleaning of it. To Mr. Williams: Cannot say what ( quantity of scrub there was. It was not I all in one lot. John M'Donald also wanted his ex penses, which were paid in the box : Had a conversation with Mr. Anderson last e harvest. Think it was about May. Am not a good scholar. It was after Christmas. I Asked Mr. Anderson what terms he made with Juniper. He said lie gave Juniper all the dry wood for cleaning off the scrub. To Mr. Williams: I would not cut the 1 scrub for less than 4s. an acre. A tree may take two years to die if it is only bark 1 rung. A tree may be killed in an hour. Mr. Williams said the defence was that Juniper was to clear 10 acres of scrub, and burn it, and receive all the dead lying timber, also eight or nine dead standing I trees. Anderson found that Juniper was I cutting green trees, and then Anderson 1 stopped Juniper. He found Minns cutting green timber. Some of the trees cut had l only been rung a few months. The whole 1 value of the scrub cutting was a mere bagatelle, so that Anderson's version was a reasonable one, and the claim unreason- a able. Thomas Australia Anderson : I saw Juniper some time last year. He was I: getting wood off the road. I told him I t had some scrub to cut, and lie could have I the dead wood. We agreed to meet in the c paddock. I showed him the scrub. At n the log fence I asked him what he thought I of it. He hesitated, and said "if you t throw in eight or nine dead trees, standing, pointing to the south, it is a bargain." His Honour : What bargain ? t Witness: He was to cut and burn all t the scrub. This was said as we passed 1 through the paddock. He was to receive f the dead wood lying on the ground. It agreed to what he proposed as to throwing in eight or nine dead trees, and said II thought lie had a good bargain. I urged t him to cut the scrub before the hot weather I set in, so as not to set the country on fire. He was dilatory. He would come out and i cut a little scrub and then start loading p t wood. He completed the cutting and burning in from three to four months. I I went to the paddock frequently at first, but afterwards less often, as I had confi dence in him, and supposed he was only taking what he was entitled to. Was told 1 he was removing green trees. Went up I and found that a number of green trees c were cut. Saw Minns, and accused him t of having cut some green trees. He t laughed, and said it was a bit sappy. The < trees I referred to would not be fit for firewood for the next six months. Com plained to Juniper about this. He replied that he had done so, and would continue I to do so until lie was satisfied. He did I not admit that the trees were green. The trees lie cut had been rung about five or six months before he took the contract. Some of them are alive now. A sap rung tree will cease to grow in a few months, I but it will not be a dead tree for twelve or t eighteen months. Consider that Juniper took away '20 worth of wood. He had i taken 45 trees lie had no right to, in addition to the eight or nine agreed upon. I never interfered with Juniper taking away the dead wood. I could have got the scrub cut and burnt at 2s. Gd. per acre. Asked Juniper to cart out the timber and place it on the road, as I had a probable purchaser, who wanted to know what wood was left. Think hlie was an un reasonable time in carrying out the work. To Mr. Permezel: I don't think I visited 1 the place for some months after the first month Juniper was there, ats I thought lihe was carrying out the contract faithlifully. A . D . AF F arlano : S ,?w ;;1· - .. h eaddock on the 2nid March. He was cutting a green tree. Did not see anyi other green trees there cut down. There were somne hundred yardsof. lHave since counted 25 trees which were green when they were cut. Portions of wood produced are from the tree which Miinus cut down. Think there were 12 acres of scrub cleared. I would be glad to clear it for 2s. ld. an acre. Hugh Currie: Saw Minns cutting a green tree in the paddock about the middle of March. Did not speak to hium. It was on the low side of thie hill. It was about 100 yards from the bee tree. We saw Minns cutting up the tree, did not see him cutting it down. Saw a lot of green stumps. i. L. Anderson: Am a nephlew of defendant's. Saw the paddock last week, and found the stumps of 25 green trees. Think the scrub clearing was worth about 2s. Gd. an acre at the outside. There were 10{ acres of scrub. Rlobert logers: Had a conversation with Jumiper at the end of July last. He said hlie had all the lying down timber in the paddock for clearing the scrub. Don't remember all hlie said. Hlie told me some time afterwards that hlie lhad some of the \- stanlding trees as rwell. Think 2s. 6d. an acre the value of the scrub clearing. Have seen green stumps in the paddock a week or two ago. Robert Elam : Juniper told me lie would not have gone into the contract but for the old log fences. He said he had to clear the scrub and burn it, and was to have all the lying timber and some of the standing trees. There are over 200 loads on the paddock now. Saw 15 or 16 green stumps in the paddock lately. Have seen Juniper carting green timber out of this paddock. Know the wood. To Mr. Permezel: I did make a state ment to plaintiff's solicitor that Juniper was to get some of the dead timber, but not the ring barked timber. There are ten acres of it. To Mr. Williams : The stumps show the timber was taken out, unless ghosts did it. Thomas Purcell: Saw James Minus cutting up a green. tree. He told me he had felled it, and that was all lie had done that day. This was about 14th March. Minns said it was a bit sappy. The tree had been bark rung, but it would not be dead for two or three years. Saw the stumps of 10 to 15 similar trees. To Mr. Permezel: Remarked to Milns "Does Mr. Anderson let you cut green trees." He said Anderson was very seldom in the paddock. The tops of several trees cut off the stumps were green. Generally examine stumps to see what sort of an axeman has cut them. George A. Anderson : Amn a son of the defendant. Measured the scrub. It was 10' acres. There are 25 stumps of green trees which have been cut down. The refiuse also shows that the trees were green. I saw Juniper in the paddock, and lie said " Have you been riding round the paddock." I said "Yes, I see you have been cutting down more trees than you are entitled to." He said "I intend to cut more down." To a?Mr. Pl'rnool c: Don't know whelo my father found out that green trees were cut down. Think he knew some time last year. SMost of them were cut in February. Mr. Permezel said the chips produced were taken out of a stump, and it was not disputed that the stumps were green. Colin Todd, recalled, said the chips pro duced had been taken from a stump where a sucker was growing, as part was green and part dry. The tree above the stunmp would be dead. A. D. M'Farlane, recalled, said some of the chips were taken from a stump, others were taken from a part of the tree above the stump. Mr. Williams said the probabilities were all in fitvour of defendant. The scrub could be cut for 4s. per acre, and that was only £2 4s. for the 11 acres. Juniper ad mitted that he had taken off 125 loads, and there were 25 loads on the ground now which lie valued at 30s. Juniper would have been amply paid without any standing timber. Anderson's version was a reasonable one that the 8 or 9dead trees pointed out to Juniper were all lie was to get in addition to the timber lying on the ground. All Anderson's witnesses were unanimous in stating that Juniper or his man Minns had cut down green timber. The trees were only bark rung some few months before Juniper entered the pad dock; and it was not probable that Ander son would in any way consider such trees dead timber. Mr. Permezel said the witnesses on both sides seemed straightforward, and he thought His Honour would have to look at the probabilities. The defendant allowed plaintiff to be in his paddock some nine months, and yet expected that lie would only cut down nine trees. He should have enquired long before he did as to what Juniper was doing there. Yonng Anderson said lie had told his father that green trees were being cut, but he took no notice. It seemed to him that Anderson lad no intention of stopping Juniper un til someone came to buy the paddock. Minns might have been cutting down one of the half-burnt trees when M'Farlane suet him. It was not probable that Juni per or his men could have cut down 45 trees in the short time alleged. Anyone coula levo gone into the paddock and cut down trees. Why did defendant withdraw the notices lie gave Juniper ? He seemed to be in considerable doubt as to what his bargain was. He asked for a judgment for £14 10s., which was the value of the timber withheld from plaintiff. Even if Juniper had done wrong the contract should not have been summarily termina ted by Anderson. He should have ap plied for an injunction. His Honour said there must be a ver dict for the defendant on the claim. What thle plaintiff had to do in cutting scrub he coild have done in a very short time, but he took three months; then he took some six months to remove the timber. That was unreasonable. He also inter fered to some extent with the green tim ber. There would therefore be a verdict for the defendant, with costs. As to the counter claim, for the value of the green timber, there was very unsatisfactory evidence, and it was an afterthought on defendant's part to urge this claim. There would be ca verdict for the defendant for 10s. on the counter claim, without costs. Mr. PIermezel asked that a note be taken of his point of law that defendant had no right to rescind the contract by closing the gate against the plaintitr. Mr. Williams said his client never hin. dered Juniper going on with the actual contract. He was only stopped from taking more than the ten trees pointed out to him. His Honour said lie would take a full note of both points. Costs agreed to between the parties, £11 11s. 6d., to be paid by Juniper to Anderson. Patrick Francis D'Arcy v. Henry C. Morrison. Judgment summons-£5 2s. Defendant appeared, but there was no appearance of plaintiff. Defendant ap plied for expenses for self and two wit nesses. His Honour said it was not necessary to have witnesses. Defendant deposed that the summnons was served on hlim at Mt. Blackwood by Mir. Evancs, barrister, of Ballaun. He did ..,I ,:ve whow. ..sUe'ceOS .o.eCSy. Case struck out, with 1 is. costs. Tihe sanunmons lhad not been returned.by tihe plaintift's auttorney, bunt as the defendant had been summoned, and appeared, His Honour ordered tie case to be listed, and gave £1 is. costs. 