CHAPTER XXL A Tbyisj OkdeJuL. It was an ideal day. One of those' days when only to he permitted to live is a joy. And no one was more susceptible to atmos pheric influence than Rachel, but the beauty of the weather on this special occasion had no charm for her. Notwithstanding the sunshine, it seemed as if a heavy cloud hung1 over the Willow Marsh, enveloping1 it in a sombre mantle of dejection and despair. She could not shake off the sense of depression which rendered her even more miserable from the fact that it was produced by no apparent cause. Beyond a postcard to say that he had arrived safely she had not had a line from her husband since he had left home, nor had she any idea ' when he would return; thus she knew nothing of the troublous sea on which Stephen Bolder | son was tempest driven, and that it was ! very doubtful if he would ever arrive safely in port. It was enough to make her unhappy and pre-occupied that he should be absent; still mere absence could scarcely account for the gloom that hung over her, and being a practical woman she strove not to allow herself to believe in presentiments. i It was not altogether agreeable to her to 1 hare Lucille Lafarge as an inmate of her home, or to see her on terms of intimate affection with the step- danghter whose love she had tried so hard to win: for she knew fall well that it was to Mademoiselle Lucille's interest to undermine her influence, and that she was doing so in every possible way: Uphill "work, however, had no special terrors for Rachel, and she would have faced this difficulty pluckily, especially since Ursula' was certainly more genial since her friend had arrived—if it had- i not been for that undefined something that hnng over her, and from which, do what she would, she could not shake herself free. It was the day on which Greg was coming to dine. Several times during the day she felt inclined to despatch a messenger, and put him off, not feeling equal to the civil amenities which the entertaining of a guest would entail on her. But she derided that perhaps it was as well that Greg was coming, since it would help her through an evening with Lucille Lafurge, though from Greg's manner during the few minutes he had been in Mademoiselle Lafarge's company on her first arrival, Rachel rather doubted how they would get on together. Altogether the charming little mistress of the Willow Marsh was troubled. The more terrible trouble which was advancing towards her in the future seemed as if it was casting its shadow before. Baring the entire day she was more or less alone, for Lucille and Ursula were either out or closeted together in Ursula's room, into which Rachel, doubting her welcome, did not care to penetrate. By the time it was evening she felt thankful that Greg was coming, and that she had not been induced to put him off, for her nerves had so overmastered her that she felt like someone who has been forced into a term of silence and solitude, and longs for & friendly, sympathetic voice. Greg was very sympathetic to Rachel Bol derson, partly on account of his artistic pro clivities, which reminded her of the old happy days of her first married life. Partly because, true, loyal woman that she herself was, she did not fail"to recognise that he was a true, honour able man, notwithstanding that his inner nature was somewhat veiled by the little eccen tricities and professional vagaries that he per mitted to himself. Rachel' was looking out of her bedroom window when she saw Greg coming along across the gross that bridged the moat in front of the house, and her spirits seemed to revive as she beheld him. "Yes, if ever she wanted help or advice Greg would help her, of that she felt very sure, yet why should she want help when Stephen Bolderson was her husband ? " These were the thoughts that passed through her brain as she went down to the drawing room. Nevertheless, she greeted Greg with a warmth that compensated him. in a great measure for the annoyance he felt at being compelled to sit down at the same table on friendly terms with such a woman as Lucille Lafarge. Ursula and Mademoiselle Lucille did not come into the room until the first gush and pleasure of the meeting with Mrs. Bolderson were over, and, beyond a stiff bow in recogni tion of having been previously introduced in the Willow Marsh drawing-room, there was no sign between Greg and Lucille, though of course he shook hands with Ursula. ^ Dinner was soon after announced, and the parti carrc seemed destined to be cut up into Me'tf'Mrs, for Greg, though a perfect French scholar, talked English with insular persist* cncj, as though he were a bona-fide John Bull, having discovered to his infinite satisfac tion that Lucille had by no means attained hex brother's proficiency in the English language, and in fact, except in a very halting manner, she could speak no English at alL His conver sation then was chiefly addressed to his hostess, and they became so interested in art subjects— of wbicli the other two knew nothing—that they seemed to forget the amenities, and left Ursnlla and Mademoiselle to chatter French, or remain silent us they pleased. They chose the former, and if the little dinner could scarcely be quoted as on entente eordiate, at all events it was by no means a silent function. An observant person could not have failed to notice the dark fury that occasionally raged in Lucille'* eyes as they were every now and again directed towards Greg. She knew full well that he could if he chose speak her language as well as she did herself, and his present assumption of ignorance was most irritating. "If she did not manage to bring him down somewhat from his altitude it would be funny," she thought, as she tried to make plans for vengeance even while she was babbling with her old pupil about nothing. Once Greg intercepted this flash and gave it back to bar with one that was little less angry or scornful than her own, but which did not fail to remind her that if she would have him remain silent, she must not herself become aggressive. In fact there was little doubt that war to the knife was raging beneath the calm exterior of these seemingly perfect strangers; and of the effect its issue would produce on those among whom they dwelt it would not be easy to augur, supposing that they were able to direct its course. Events, however, were hastening in a direction of which none of the four sitting in apparent unconcern at "that table had the slightest idea, and in which, nevertheless, it were difficult to decide which was the most concerned. Everyone had done ample justice to Mrs. Cubitts excellent codkiivg, even Lucille averring that " les Anglais savent bien manger," and the dainty parlour-maid had just taken in the coffee, which was of perfect aroma and served in dainty cups of egg-shdl porcelain of old-fashioned and exquisite design, when a star.led expression came into Bachd'a face. • Quick of hearing, as are most people with active brains, long before any of her three companions were aware of it, she detected the sound of wheels coming alone the private lane which ended at. the gate of the Willow Marsh. "Who could it be at that hour? Neither carts nor carriages as & rule came so late, besides the carts invariably went up a by-road at the back of the house. Could it he Stephen ? " Her rapid thoughts had reached this query when Greg and Ursula simultaneously exclaimed: "Wheels!" Another moment and the vehicle stopped, but listen though they did no farther sound was heard. It was Kachel who said, with a laugh: - . " How silly we are. It must be an echo, probably occasioned, by the wind. Living in the country makes us actually believe in bogeys. In London wheels might roll for ever, and we should never pay the slightest attention. Ah! " The outer door opened and then went to with something- like a slam. All the colour forsook Rachel's face. Greg jumped up with the intention of going to see what had happened, when Stephen Bolderson walked into the room —or was it his ghost, for he looked so wan ard weary and jaded that it were scarcely possible to believe that he was a real living man. He had evidently expected to find no one in. the room hut his wife ■ and daughter, and an appalled, half-scared look came over his face when he recognised their guests. Of Greg Paton he knew very little, having only met him once or twice. It was probably on account of his relationship with the Wallises that his presence was distasteful to Mr. Bolderson; while, as far as Lucille Lafarge was concerned he absolutely pushed her away from him when she came forward with some empressement to greet him. It was evident either that he was ill or that something had happened which troubled him not a little. Rachel, with wonderful tact and self-control, pretended not to notice what nevertheless was affecting her most keenly. "You have had no dinner, Stephen. Mar garet, tell Mrs. Cubitt to send up something nice and hot for jour master. We will go into the drawing-room while you eat it. • Do jou mind coining, Mr. Paton, I think my husband is tired ? " And so saying she marshalled the little party into the adjoining room. Greg suggested that perhaps it were better for him to say good-night, bnt she would not hear of it. "He must stay, at all events until she had seen Mr Bolderson have his dinner. He had never heard Ursula play, and she was quite a proficient." Little did she know how well Greg remem bered Ursula's playiug, and how much rather he would be 10 miles away than left alone in a room with Ursula and Lucille Lafarge. £XO BS OQHZXXUXD. Ww.«T WEEX.^ Painting the front ofBuckingham Pal**, costs over £3,Q(NV 