Chaptee XIV.—Wobubn Hall. Among the many possessions which Florence Dane had inherited, from her uncle was one which she had never seen, a country house called Woburn Hall. Mr. Dane had purchased this property shortly before his sudden death, intending to take 1 lorence there in the spring. But no spring days were fated to dawn for him again. Yet when the chill February days come round Florence felt a strange wish to see for the first time her country home. A change would do her good she felt. A complete change of scene, and so she decided to leave town for a while. But when she told Stephen Wilde of her intentions he did not look over well-pleased. " I hope you'll invite me down there," he said. " Yes," answered Florence, smiling, "you can come down on Saturday evening sometimes and stay over Sunday and that will not inters fere with your work."' " But what if I get sentimental, Flo, among the snowdrops and the icicles ?" "Please do not get sentimental." "Well, I'll do my best, but—I cannot be quite certain, you know. And this baronial residence of yours, what is it like?' : > "An old grey handsome house, poor micle told me; he party furnished it, you know." - "Isit haunted?' "That I cannot tell you, but I hope not." • " I hope not, too; spirits are uncanny com pany tO my mind. But when are you going ? I had better go down with you and see you safely settled." • "Ob, no, Fll do very well. HI take Mrs. Mitchen and Banks with me and I must have the place put in order before I can receive compamy." "And you look upon me as company ? "A man is always in the way, you know," answered Florence brightly, "when things are out of order. Women can putup'with discomforts, but they cannot. Isn't that quite true, now?" "I believe, my dear, it is ! _Men can rough it as a rule; bear real- hardships, but when it comes to the small annoyances of life I must confess they are some what _ selfish."_ "I am glad you confess it! Wait then till my carpets are put down and my rooms well aired and every thing is comfortable, and then I shall be glad to see you at Woburn." Stephen Wilde laughed. " What a cruel little girl you are," he said, "to condemn a fellow by his own words. Come, Florence, I am not as bad as that. .Iam willing to risk draughts, ghosts, and icicles for your sake if you will allow me." Florence smiled and shook her head. " No," she said; " and I will promise when I have discovered the haunted chamber that you shall.not be put into it." "When are you really going then?' "The day after to-morrow—Thursday." "Well, I shall comer afid see you off, at any rate." "Don't give yourself the .trouble; I shall do very welL" Nevertheless when the day came for Florence to leave town Stephen Wilde went to Gros venor-place to see her off and accompanied her in her carriage to the station. _ " Why "should I not ?" he said when Florence objected to taking up so much of his time. "Your cousin—your nearest friend." "Yes, my cousin,' my friend," answered Florence, and when they piarted at the railway station she remembered his words and Was glad to think she was not quite,alone in the world. . ; Woburn Hall is about three hours'.railway, journey from London and, somewhat chilled and tired,,, on a bleak February afternoon Florence first came 'insight of her new home., A grand old. mansion, standing grey and im posing at the end of a long avenue', of leafless trees, waving their bare branches under the dull sky. . '.Still . Florence felt 'a sort of pride' swell in her breast as she looked at her new possession. And then—so" strange is 'the human heart—that one of those subtle links Which lurk unseen within and around us, her mind wandered to a far different scene—to a glowing Eastern sky; to a dark and often weary face. ' "Why can I not forget him?-thought Florence with a restless sigh. But she had not much time to indulge in bitter memories. The hired carriage she had got at the station .soon drew up before the handsome entrance, and the servants she had .sent. on .to receive, her—Banks, her late uncle's butler, and: .a footman ran down the steps to meet" their mistress. There was a bright fire in the 'large hall; bright fires in every, room tbatwas furnished. The luggage was brought in; there, was the stir and excitement of arrival,- the inspection of the new house. - A really fine-old-house, too. It had'be: longed to a race that had passed away ; an ancient race whose fortunes had fallen; but the surroundings of gentle birth still'seemed to linger about the place. The dining-room with its carved oak panels, its broad tables, and massive chairs, which Sir. Dane had purchased with the house. Even the. antique timepiece,. which had told the passing hours, to those who knew the hours no more, all .were of the past. Florence was naturally much interested. She went from room to room, accompanied by Mrs.. Mitchen, her housekeeper, and Banks, the butler, who had been two days, at Woburn and. had already looked over the'whole place. There were only two or three bedrooms fur nished, and the long drawing-room was empty except for the gilded mirrors inserted in the walls. Florence, therefore, had_ much to do and think of. - Carpets and curtains were to be considered and ordered and with notebook in hand she went through her inspection. Her arrival had also caused great excitement in the village of Woburn, which is not far dis tant from the park gates. An old-world place tbis, where scarcely a modern thing is to be seen. The cottages are mostly thatched and the larger houses time-worn. It consists of a long straggling street,, at the end of which! 'stand the vicarage and the church. ■ : But human nature is the same everywhere. When it was known that Mr. Dane's heiress was coming' to take up her-abode, for a time it least, at the hall, ideas were stimulated in many a heart. . " Mr. Meadowdew, the vicar, tall, portly, and broad alike in person and views, rejoiced in; heart to think of his new parishioner. He had been a widower for one year, but was not in consolate, and thus maiden ladies, at least in the village, were thrown into flutter whenever he appeared. Then his curate, Mr. Gibson— dark, straight-featured, and good-looking had beard of Miss Dane and her two hundred thousand pounds_ not unmoved. Men, how ever, were rare beings at Woburn. There were three Misse3 Chamberlain who lived at Lee House, a red brick mansion _ with ivied walls, whose only brother Was serving with his regi ment in India." The sons went away somehow from this quiet hamlet and the daughters-re mained. A marriage, only occurred at distant intervals; and women faded from youth-.to old age without having a single chance of changing their condition. . • But this melancholy state of things'did not prevent gossip. There was a scandal about the doctor's wife—a pretty woman—and 'a young farmer in the .'neighborhood. They talked of eaeh others concerns, regulated each others affairs, and knew when any one got a new bonnet or a new dress. Imagine the ex citement therefore when it became known that the - old hall was to be reopened afid that a rich girl was about to appear. Mr. Meadowdew thought it his duty to call on Florence the morning after her arrival. He was ber first visitor ■ and she was out in the garden, which was terribly neglected, when he came. But she went indoors to receive him, and a really very good-looking, middle-aged man stood before her. "Miss Dane," he said, holding out a shapely hand, "I am most happy to make your acquaintance. I am Mr. Meadowdew, the Vicar of Woburn." 'I am very pleased to .see you," answered Florence. ' So yon have come to spend some little time with us, I hear ?' continued the vicar with a benign smile. "I hope so, at least," replied Florence, smiling also. " My poor uncle, who bought this place, intended to come in tbe spring, but unfortunately——" "He was cut off," proceeded Mr. Meadow dew, as Florence paused. "We heard of his untimely death with deep sorrow. But we must be prepared for these sad events in this world, Miss Dane. A year ago I had a great loss—my poor wife was taken away from me, and now 1 am a lonely man." " That must have been a terrible trouble ?' "It was; but time is the great consoler, Miss Dane, and my poor lost one was a sad invalid for six months before her release. It was no doubt a mercy when she was taken." . "Haveyou'any children?' "Two little darlings; but you must come and see them. 1 feel sure by your face that youlove children,1' . I have not been much in the way of them ?' iiuc the love of children is bom in the hearts of good women. Nature is their teacher: the lisp of infant music in their ears " ' Florence cquid not Mp smiling. " SnalTI hav^ many neighbors?" she said 1 £ * , V UUtUJ i . 0 Lnahging the conversation. ,_.ot"many, but still there are some pleasant families living in and around the village. But it is a quiet spot. I trust you, accustomed to the great city, will not weary of it." "Qh, I love the country, you know. My father was a country clergyman and I was brought up in a very quiet home." "A country clergyman ! Is this indeed so? It seems to make a bond between us already. No longer shall I fear that you will despise our humble lives." ■ Mr. Meadowdew stayed nearly an hour after tins and before he left ho had invited Florence to have afternoon tea at the vicarage on the :foUowing day, "to meet some of your new neighbors and see my little ones," he added, and Florence accepted the invitation; and Mr. Meadowdew left the hall in a most pleas ing frame of mind. " What a charming young creature!" he re flected, as he walked down , the long avenue; " and her wealth, how much good it could do to others, and I feel sure she has a generous heart." And visions—partly beneficent, partly worldly—began floating through his brain. : Even a bishopric was not impossible in the dim future and lawn sleeves grew gradually familiar to his mind. . He exerted himself, therefore, to make bis proposed afternoon tea on the following day. a success. Men it was impossible to procure and the vicar himself and. his curate were the sole representatives of the hpbler sex. But there were several ladies, present,.' Three. Misses Chamberlain,: two. Misses. Dixon, and so on. In all- about a dozen and! .there was quite a little stir in the room when- the vicar's neat parlor-maid announced "Miss Dane." Mr._ Meadowdew hurried- forward to receive her with beaming smiles and the ^various ladies 1 gazed at her with curious, and some, it must be admitted, with envious eyes. The vicar introduced her right and left and finally led for ward two pretty children. • "These are my little ones," he;said, and Florence bent down and kissed each rosy face. "Are 'ou the pretty lady fader told ns about?" enquired a smartj'youngster of six, fix-' ing his round blue eyes on Florence's face, and the yicar was so delighted with the intelligence of his offspring that he mentally determined to give him sixpence the moment Miss Dane was gone. "Farder told us to tell 'ou that he daid 'ou were pretty," _ continued Master Jack, de lighted -with his cleverness, and the vicar re solved at once that the sixpence should remain in his own pocket and some of the ladies, in cluding Florence, laughed. :. But this little incident did not long disturb Mr. Meadowdew's serenity. He was in his element when he was surrounded by women and he had smiles for all. "This is Miss Bessie Chamberlain," he said, ■leading forward a pleasant - looking woman no longer veryyonng, "who is as good as a second curate to me, 1 assure you, Miss Dane, among the poor and needy. Nay, better than any curate; for a woman's tender aid is always better than a man's." Poor Bessie Chamberlain! She blushed like a girl, for the vicar's praise was sweet to her ears, and then proceeded to introduce her two sisters to Florence. Miss Chamberlain, the elder, one, had given-up.all pretensions to youth, but the younger, Eva, was a bright faced, clever-looking_ girl, almost pretty, and entered- at once into conversation with Florence. ....... . .. - In the meanwhile Mr. Gibson, the good looking curate, who had a straight nose and dark expressive eyes, had been fixing an admiring gaze on Florence and he now ad vanced and asked the vicar to present him to Miss Dane; Mr. Meadowdew thought this was forward of-Mr. Gibson, but a3 Florence had overheard the request he could not refuse. 1' My curate," he said with a slight emphasis, which the young man heard and understood, hut he-was not the least abashed. He bowed low and began talking in a pleasant voice. "I hope you are not disappointed with Woburn he said. "No. I am agreeably surprised," answered Florence. "Of course this is not the month to see a country place to advantage," continued Mr. Gibson, "but still February has always a' charm to me; it is so full of hope of brighter days. It is at least the spring-time." "I assure you, Miss Dane, that we have many lovely rural spots about here," inter rupted the_ vicar, who had no intention of allowing his curate to monopolise his' new parishioner; "in your own park are many mo'ssy- ,pooks, and dells and truly magnificent treep; the growth of- centuries! Ah, ah!' to think that our little lives pass away and these noble products of thesoil remain ! Such is life !"■". '"I" remember my" poor 'uncle . telling me' there were some fine trees, I must' make their acquaintance," answered Florence,'smiling.' / "They are even worthy of that honor," said, the. vicar with his best bow, and in the same strain he talked until Florence rose to ga She was the first. lady-who did so and the . vicar, of course, could not'leavehis other guests. But to his strong disgust the curate asked if he might he allowed to escort Miss Dane home and Florence accepted the offer. _ The vicar, however," went to the, hall door with Florence and when she and the curate started on their way Mr. Meadowdew followed the figures of the young pair with wrathful " Gibson forgets himself; I must get rid of him, " he thought angrily. The curate, on the other hand, was - quite happy. He took Florence the longest way through the; park home;' he talked of heavenly, and 'earthly things with equal ease.' 'He was ..really well read and he made the most of ' it and spoke of philosophy and theology. as. though ne had mastered the secrets Qf the universe. Still, he rather interested Florence and she was not I displeased when he.asked leave to call on her. ."It is such a. pleasure to talk- to anyone I whose mind soars above the common sordid things around u's," he said! ' "Good-bve, Miss Dane; you have given a bright half-hour to ■ my life.". Thus they ,-parted and the curate returned thoughtfully through the park. He. went back to his humble lodging in the village and reflected, not. unnaturally, on Miss /Dean's great wealth; He had barely one hundred a year, to live on and there are such strange possibilities in life. He looked at his own good-looking face in the misty mirror over the little wooden mantelpiece in his small room and .then he sighed. Strange at this moment his vicar also was looking at himself ! Mr. Meadowdew had got quit of his guests at last and his thoughts too —also not unnaturally— reverted to Mis3 Dane. "His mirror, however, was not misty. It was a highly- ornamental overmantel, and, as,Mr. Meadowdew gazed at his own reflection he smiled. , He was satisfied with what nature had done for him—satisfied with himself.He had been a lucky, man hitherto, why..not lucky now, he thought. "She is a sweet girl," be murmured, half aloud, still looking at himself admirably; ''modest and gentle,' with no foolish pride either of her good looks or her fortune. I do not think. I could do better; I must strive and win." Then his thoughts wandered again with some irritation to his_ curate, hut he dismissed the idea from his mind with a contemptuous wave of his hand. ' Too absurd !" he thought, but all the same he snubbed Mr. Gibson unmercifully when he next saw him ; but Mr. Gibson was quite able to hold bis own. The ladies of Woburn were also thinking of and discussing Florence at this time. Some instinct, alas! the true instinct o£ love—had told' poor Bessie Chamberlain that her vicar was captivated by the wealth and appearance of the new-comer and that her own untold hopes were destined to wither,and grow cold, as she believed/that no living woman would refuse Mr. Meadow dew. But she said very, little about the heiress "as she walked home with her two sisters. Eva Chamberlain,.on the other hand, said a good deal "I like her face," she remarked, in her bright, quick, way. "There, is something noble in her expression and something sad." "Sad!" repeated Bessie, with, a suppressed sigh. " What can she have to make her sad ?'.' " How can we tell ?' answered : the younger sister. " She may have had a disappointment in love—a hundred things. But one thing I do envy her the power to live in -London, not to vegetate here." . "My dear J" said the eldest Miss Chamber lain reprovingly. •• "Well, what is life but vegetation here?" continued Eva. "But let Us call upon her to-morrow. I want to see more of Miss Dane." • Florence, indeed, had quite a little assembly on the afternoon following the vicar's tea party. Nearly all the ladies of the village called and the two men. The vicar went early and enjoyed himself to his heart's con tent and was pleased to find his curate was not there. But Mr. Gibson was only biding his time. As the vicar descended the hafl steps the curate ascended them and the vicar made up his mind on the.spot to find a reason able excuse for dismissing him. But unfor tunately the young man's character was ex cellent. He was steady, sober, and hard-work ing, but still he mast go. "You have had quite a little assembly," said Mr. Gibson, as he shook Florence's hand. " Pardon me for coming lafe, but I hoped to see a little more of you by doing so." " Is it late ?" answered Florence, smiling. "For Woburn." "Well, I mean to fall into Woburn ways for a little while at least. . When my cousin, Mr. Stephen Wilde, comes down, Mr. Gibson; yon must come and dine with me." "Yon are only tou good. And you have a cousin ? Is he a young man ?" "He is about thirty." . The curate moved his thin: hands restlessly. "And a London man, X suppose J" he said. " "Yes, a barrister and a journalist. But. 1:1 do not think he will like Woburn," she added;; ".he.does not bare'for country pleasures." " Then he misses much." -"I think so; but we all the creatures of habit, you know. Stephen Wilde ' was brought up and has lived all his life among men. He likes the stir and struggle of a great city." " "Andyou?' ■ "I fear," answered Florence, smiling, "I' am woman-like and care for change. For instance,. I should be afraid of getting to think too much of small things if I lived always in a village." " That is quite true. The mind narrows or enlarges to its circumstances. ^ I feel that here and therefore as much as possible I spend my time with my books and nature." "And your vicar ?" "My vicar is the lord of all he surveys in I "Woburn," answered the curate, also smiling. " He is satisfied with the admiration, or rather the adoration, of his female; pari shioners." " And you are not ?' The curate shook his head. "I am not; satisfied," he answered. "I always feel that my soul is craving for some thing I have not." I " I wonder if any one is really quite happy J said Florence wistfully. _ _ ■ "I could imagine happiness if—if—two I people cared for each other with perfect lovs. But they say this never is." Florence sighed restlessly. Then she began talking of other things—her garden and green-1 houses, and asked Mr. Gibson if he could re commend some workmen. ./; _ " It will take dozens'of men, I think, to get it into order," she said.' ' " I have writtenfor a head gardener from town"; but I", want work Mr;- Gibson was, of' course, only too happy to recommend workmen.or to do anything lie could to assist Miss Dane. He stayed another half-hour or so and went away with a strange feeling of excitement at his heart. That night his books did not satisfy him or his ordinary dull surroundings. A . new breath of life stirred within him, new dreams, hew hopes. " And this cousin ?'he thought, more than once, restlessly. "I wonder what he will be like?' / He had soon an opportunity forjudging, for the next morning pcfst brought Florence a letter from Stephen - Wilde. . _ "My dear Florence,''she read, in his some what illegible handwriting, "carpet or no carpet, I ani" going to fun down to see you to morrow. You know you threatened me "with having to sleep on the bare boards; but rather than not see you again soon Ishall risk it and all other inconveniences which you say we selfish men abhor. But I have felt so—1 was going to put a naughty word here—but for your sweet sake I suppress it and use a young lady's word, instead.. I have, "felt then _ so ' awfully5 dull during the last two days with out your pleasant 'company that I can bear it no longer. I shaU therefore; (invitation or no invitation) appear at Woburn Hall on Satur day, and if you write that you'-have no. food to give me in the house I shah bring it,"from town with mej and thus secure/my; welcome. " Jesting apart, I cannot tell you, my dear Florence, how l have missed you. I went to the empty house in Grosvenor-plaCe-yfor it is empty without you—yesterday, aihd as I wandered listlessly about the forsaken rooms I tried to picture you in your new abode. But, fair chatelaine, my eyes shall soon behold you. I will be with you tomorrow'"by dinner-time unless .you write when you receive this that you desire to see me no more. "Everyours, , "Stephen" Wilde." ' Florence smiled to herself when she read this'and was pleased at the idea of seeing Stephen Wilde again,. He distracted her thoughts and amused her mind., She wrote a line to tell him she would expect ihim and she ordered a room to be made ready for him and sent a carriage to the station to meet .him by the train he travelled by.( And when he arrived she went into the hall to welcome him and he greeted her with effu sion. He had been greatly struck as be neared the hall by its imposing appearance and this grand old country place made him realise more than ever the great change that chad occurred in Florence's fortunes; .. "I had no idea you were such a grand lady," he said, as he warmly shook her hand. " My dear, I wonder you receive your beggarly cousin so kindly." "6Wait till you'see us m all our grandeur," answered Florence, smiling. " But come into; •the dining-room, Stephen; we really have one; decent room.to show you." - The diuing-rtM^,'' jvith its massive oak carvings, its orpate cpihng,.and .rich furnish ing was exactly to Stephen Wilde's taste. Her surroundings gave Florence new beauties in' his eyes.' His luxurious. pleasure-loving nature delighted 'in- whatever,Hvas rich and rare. He looked; at the slehder girlish mistress of this stately hoine with a new jjoqrteous feel ing in his hea?t- , "My dear,i'ho'w handteme ; you are," he said, with genuine admifationln/bis looks and voice and Florence laughed- an'dr. Mushed and turned away. ' ' I;. ; At dinner she tcrld him about _the vicar and the curate and vicar's many admirers. "If you go to church with me to-morrow,' Stephen," she'said. brightly,.."my,tall cousin will create quite .an excitement',-among the female congregation;-/A new.mantis-an un heard of thihg in'rWoburn." "What a'delightfOlplan. -Fafidy being the object of admiring'eyes; an, unknown sensa tion hitherto for poor me !"' ■ •" Is it so unknown, ;S,tephen ;"I-fear so; and-thls curate2-.:Ms--hea dan gerous man?' ? - , "I think he :-is. rather, deVer.^cIjnusfc' ask him to dinner to meet you." * •"On! my dear, spare mef;I came- to Woburn to see you. and you alone, "not to talk to: a .bread-and-butter," 'tea-imbibing curate";/ ;. .////... '-- -. "But heis really rather nice."; :" If he is I shall only hate him; the more Is there" a moat handy to_ your castle, my dear, that I may plunge him in and; make, ah end of him/ I detest parsons of every age and grade" ' . . . / ' Stephen Wilde talked in this light' fashion the whole evening, but after Florence left him for the night the expression of his face changed.: He lit' a cigar and began walking .'slpwly hp and- down the/long dining-room thinking. Somehow Florence had inspired him; with.new feelings towards her. Her sweetness, her modest dignity, .had a charm for him" now which he had hot felt before. "I- think if a man once loved'!her his love would last," he reflected; "not like the other sort," and his face darkened. " If T marry Florence I will try to turn over a new page; I am about weary of the blackened one."' (To be continued.) 