PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY & FRIDAY MORNING "It is not given unto mortals to command success but we may do more . . deserve it." TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1895. THE YARRAM MAIL SERVICE.- So far as we can learn no steps, other than those taken by the Gormandale Progress Asso- ciation, have as yet been taken to have the route changed, and a coach run from here instead of Rosedale, in connection with the above mail service. There has been a good deal of talk- nothing more. What is wanted is for some of the leading men of the town to call a meeting and let the matter be discussed. There are many benefits to be derived by Traralgon being made the starting point, one being that a supply of fresh fish could be obtained daily. It would benefit the farmers also, who could dispose of a good deal of horse feed locally, not to say a few horses. As we pointed out in our last issue the best course would be to urge on the Govern- ment to invite alternative tenders from Traralgon and Rosedale, for coach and horse service, and if it can be shown the Government that a saving can be effected by adopting this route, the matter would be accomplised. Mr F. C. Mason, M.L.A., has informed a friend of ours that this is the only practical course, and that the horse service from Rosedale will assuredly be put on if the department cannot get the work done for less than the present contract price. Now the question is who will move in the matter? We have done our duty in pointing out the course to be pursued; it now rests with some of the leading residents to take the matter up, and assist the people of Gormandale, in their endeavor to keep a coach on the road. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.- The annual general meeting of members of the above institute, is announced to be held on Wednesday evening next, at 8 p.m., the business being to receive the annual report and balance sheet, and elect a committee for the ensuing year. It is to be hoped there will be a good attendance, and that the members will show they are alive to the interests of the institute by turning up in full force. TRARALGON RACING CLUB.- The annual meeting of the above club will be held on Friday next. It will be seen that there are capital entries, in fact the largest that have ever been received, numbering over 100\. This of itself will ensure a large attendance, and should the weather keep fine, there is bound to be a big crowd and some good racing. The stewards have made all necessary arrangements for the comfort of visitors, and the ground is in fairly good order. THE MARTS.- There was a good supply of vegetables, eggs, butter, &c.;, at both Marts on Saturday last; and also a great display of fruit, some of it being choice. The attendance of buyers was only mid- dling, and if householders could only see the quantity of good fruit they could secure for a shilling, we feel sure they would not allow a Saturday to pass with out visiting one or other of these places. Although Mr J. English sells rapidly, so large was the quantity of goods entered for sale at Mathieson and Davis' Mart, that it took him nearly three hours to get through. Mr F. McKinnell, in addition to his usuual sale, disposed of a lot of bazaar goods, belonging to the Flynn's Creek Mechanics' Institute. The reports of sales will be found elsewhere. STUART'S DRAMATIC COMPANY.- This talented company, who appeared a short time ago in Traralgon, are announced to give a performance on Friday next (race night), in the Mechanics' Institute. The piece chosen for the occasion is the beautiful Irish drama, "The Wearing o' the Green," which is acknowledged by the American press to be the finest Irish drama up to date. The company is a strong one, and the press of Gippsland speaks highly of the dramatic ability of each member, so that there should be a good-house. A TAX ON SPORTS.- The hon. Mr Ser- geant, one of the members for the Gippsland province, when speaking in the Council on the tax bill sent up by the Turner Government, among other ways of increasing the revenue advocated taxing amusements. He pointed out that no hardship would be inflicted on the Mel- bourne Cricket Club, if called upon to pay £100 out of the amount taken on New Year's Day, when about £20,000 people visited the ground. To our mind a more equitable way would be to pass a bill making each person attending theatres or sports, place 1d stamp on their ticket. Were this done a considerable revenue could be raised, without any expense except the printing of the stamps. No lover of sport would mind paying the 1d additional, and the amount raised in Melbourne alone during the football and cricket seasons would go a long way to pull up some of the deficiency. Hardly a week passes without a race meeting at some of the suburbs, and the 1d charged would total up a good sum at the end of the year. Theatre-goers would also help to swell the funds, and it only requires some intelligent member of the House to bring in a bill to embody these views, to have it carried out. MASTER OF THE MINT.- Mr George Anderson, of the Melbourne Mint, goes home to England at the end of this year. His term of office expires, and he intends to seek re-election again for a seat in the Imperial Parliament. He used to sit as a Liberal member for one of the divisions of Glasgow. There can be no mistaking the fact that he has been a first-class master of the mint. Though the appoint- ment is an Imperial one, he has never ceased to watch over colonial interests against the interests of the English mint, thus showing a genuinely thorough in- terest in the point of view of the people who support the institution over which he presides. This has been especially the case in regard to the demand for power for the coinage of silver at our Mint. If we had this power we should make a good profit out of it, whereas very little is made out of the coinage of gold. Since Mr Anderson took charge of the Mint he has (says "Punch") made retrenchments to such an extent that now, for the first time in its history, it is paying its way. He happens to be personally acquainted with the Prime Minister, Lord Rosebery, and it is to be hoped will do his best to get us as good a man to succeed himself in the office. A NARROW ESCAPE.- A man employed at the Warragul butter factory had a narrow escape from death on Friday after- noon. He was fixing a belt with which to drive the De Laval separator, and was working without his coat and vest, when his shirt, which was hanging loosely about his waist came in contact with the set- screw in the driving pulley. In an instant the man was drawn towards the shaft, and although he used every endeavour to extricate himself from his dangerous position he was unable to free himself, and was whirled round within a foot of the roof. Fortunately, however, the shirt gave way, and the man was thrown a considerable distance across the building. He was by this time without anything in the way of clothing except socks and boots, but his only injuries were a few scratches and bruises. PRESBYTERIAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.- On Friday next, the teachers and scholars of the above school, together with friends and adherents of the congregation will hold their annual picnic on the Show grounds. The children will start for the ground at 10 o'clock. RECEIPT AND PAY OFFICE.- The fol- owing accounts await payment at the sub- treasury :- J. Aitken, J. R. Majendie, Morwell :- A. J. Hipwell, J. Thompson, W. F. Murphy, M. Fitzpatrick, A. Pryke, J. Buckland. SPORTS.—A sports meeting will be held at Upper Flynn's Creek, on Friday, 1st February, in connection with the school picnic. As will be seen by reference to our advertising columns, a liberal pro- gramme of both horse and foot racing has been provided, as well as eleven events for children. The committee are at present busily engaged making prepara- tions for the event, which is sure to be a great success. Mr F. C. Mason will ask the Minister of Lands in the Assembly on Tuesday next what steps he proposes taking to facilitate the exportation of hardwood timber from Gippsland. Agricultural societies wishing to partici- pate in the government grant of £10,000, must forward their claims in proper form to the Secretary for Agriculture before February 1st. On Friday next Messrs McLean, Coates, and Jones will offer for sale on the Traralgon race course, immediately before the race, Mr. Coleman's pony mares "Chatterbox," and "Daisy." A terrific hurricane is reported from Fiji. It swept over the whole group of the islands. Ships were wrecked and crews were lost, plantations torn up and public buildings destroyed. The Government invite tenders for the supply of 30 red iron-bark semaphore masts delivered at any station. Par- ticulars at Toongabbie and Heyfield stations. Particulars advertised. The annual meeting of the Traralgon Shire Council is announced to be held on the 13th February. In the meantime the audited financial statement may be in- spected at the shire office by any person interested. A special meeting of the executive committee of the Municipal Association of Victoria will be held to-day, for the purpose of taking into consideration the decision of the Government to further reduce the municipal subsidy to £100,000. The nominations for the Mornington election closed on Friday. The only candidates nominated were Alfred Down- ward, the lately unseated member, and Louis Lawrence Smith, who represented the constituency in the last Assembly. In the Russian department Charkow, a peasant died at the age of 150 years. When 140 years old he had still a good memory, but the last 10 years made a great difference and he was treated like a child, requiring feeding, carrying into bed, etc. All feline animals have poisonous breaths, which serve as an arsathetic on their prey. This is the foundation of the old belief that cats sometimes suck away a child's breath. Mice are stupefied into insensibility to pain through the same process. The number of millionaires in England is not so great as one might believe. According to the report of the income tax officials there are in England seventy-one persons with an annual income of £50,000, over 1,100 draw £10,000 annually, and only about 10,000 have an income of £2,000. According to the report of the Royal Commission, early marriages are most common in the cotton districts of Lanca- shire, where mere youths and girls often enter the marriage state without even consulting their parents. Numbers of both sexes get married at the immature age of 15 years. The " Warragul News," has given up the ghost, and no wonder (says the "Cranbourne Herald "), the price-cutting policy it pursued simply strangled it out of existence. Fair competition is all very well, but idiotic snapping up of work at prices that are below reason brings its own-reward. The collapse of our Warra- gul contemporary ought to be a warning to some. The New Loch Fyne Company, Matlock, washed up on Monday for a yield of 237 ounces of gold from 470 tons of stone crushed during the month. A dividend of 4d per share has been declared. In con- nection with this company we gather from the directors' report that during the year which closed on the 15th inst., dividends to the amount of £10,000 has been declared, and the manager predicts the company will be equally successful this year. Mr A. Harris M.L.A. gave notice on Friday that on the third reading of the Bill to further reduce the municipal endowment he will move that in clause 3; page 2, line 1, the word "fifty" be omitted with a view to insert in place thereof the words "one hundred." The object of the amendment is to provide that the moiety of the subsidy which was payable in September last shall be at the rate of £200,000 per annum instead of £100,000. The amendment is almost sure to be carried. Nobody will begrudge the English cricketers an occasional relapse from the highly strung form they maintain during test matches. At Ballarat the team met a lot of English friends and countrymen and there was a good deal of moisture mingled with greetings and subsequent exchange of reminiscences. Consequently when one of the visitors was going out to bat he re- marked to a friend that he could see at least three balls. "It will be hard luck if I can't hit one of these and make a few runs," he said cheerfully. He played the first ball, scored off the second and was cleaned bowled by the third. When the batsman returned he remarked, .'I hit two of them all right, but the third fellow dodged me. After all, perhaps it's as well for a fellow to see only one ball and score off that." 