TYPHOID AT COOLGARDIE. The fever of Coolgardie, according to an article in Cosmos, the new Sydney monthly, is typhoid. Mr. John Law, the writer, puts a good deal of blame on the township loafers and the blacks, who oome and go; but this is hardly fair. Householders used to living in municipalities where drainage and sanitation are attanded to by the authorities easily fall into bad ways when left to manage these things for themselves. Typhoid aud diph- theria arise from public and private neglect, and such diseases spring up as a matter of course wherever white men form large camps, and omit at once to put themselves under firm municipal rule. Coolgardie, with its very dry climate and dusty soil, happens to be much less easily drained than most settlements, and therefore disease has got a good start from the first. " Doctors and land speculators," says Mr. Law, " divide the spoil just now. The young doctors scamper about amongst the tents on ponies ; the older ones stay at home to be consulted. One doctor died of the fever he oame to cure, a young Englishman of 26; another escaped from it by the skin of his teeth; a third looks like a walking ghost, thanks to relapses." The Government has provided a hospital for pauper patients, and a tent for patients who can afford to pay £1 1s. a week. There are three private hospitals. Some nurses get £3 3s. a week to attend a patient in his tent. "They are women who have strayed to the field in the hope of making money, and have soon found that barmaids who run sly-grog shops are the only women who make fortunes in and round about Coolgardie. They work from dawn till dark, run errands, cook over a camp fire, and nurse the patient, who lies on his bunk cursing the flies that swarm ever his face, arms, and legs. All sorts and conditions of women may be found dong this kind of nursing, from the good-hearted washerwoman, who believes in rubbing plenty of whisky into all parts of the patient's body, to the Melbourne society girl, who was too proud to work in her native city,-so came to make money in Coolgardie - and it is hard work." "Coolgardie doctors," proceeds the article, " like Gil Blas, have two specifios for the fever. They believe in anti-febrice and sponging. The latter remedy is much ap- preciated on hot days by patients. With a température of 103deg. and a set wind blow- ing a man rejoices to see the water bag in the nurse's hands. Ice made its appearance for a few weeks, then went the way of other luxuries. Now it is possible to buy cow's milk and fresh eggs; but of course these things are very expensive, and most patients have to content themseIves with condensed milk or water, sago aud arrowroot. Some are too poor for anything but "billy" tea and whisky. Tbe poorest man who has a mate is sure to be supplied with whisky. Everyone on the field swears by whisky as a fever specific. Whisky will keep off the fever, men say, and help you better than anything else to get rid of it. Some men take quinine, others con- sume raw and cooked onions, in the hope of keeping well. The wiser sleep outside the township and only visit Bayley street for meals and business. "The fever lasts three weeks when the attack is slight, three months when it is serious. It is followed in many cases by severe rheumatism in hands and feet, so a man is of little use to himself or any one else until be has 'gone down,' that is to say taken a trip to Perth. Coolgardie is a bad place for convalescents. The nights and mornings are intensely cold, and at noon the sun is so hot that invalids can scarcely endure it." 