General Hews. The Government subsidy received by the Beechworth and North Eastern Agricultural and Horticul tural Association thiB year amounts to £110 10s 7d as against *147 18s lid received last year. Five aboriginals have been poisoned in Sydney by drinking prussic acid i_ -ii i ii i ? j uauueu ui nieui uy a uiuu muucu Kelly in mistake for brandy. A waterspout has burst in Hungary resulting in great loss of life, over a hundred persons being drowned. A number of Pathans on the Indian frontier attacked a British military force and killed an officer and seven sepoys. A fatal quarrel has occurred at Lilydale between Lamming aged 22 and Watkins 46 years, the latter being the victim. The men were in the employ of a Mr W. Duck and were in the cowshed on Sunday morning milking. It is supposed tbat words passed and Lamming struck Watkins on the back of the head with a milking stool, fracturing the base of his skull. Lamming has been arrested on a charge of murder. The case of the condemned man Arthur Bnck will be dealt with by the Executive on Monday next. At the Balaclava railway station on Monday, about 1.30 p.m., a porter found a woman sitting on one of the seats — dead. Constable M'Leod was summoned, and he called in medical assistance, which confirmed the supposition that life was extinct. It was ascertained that the deceased was a widow named Jane M'Intyre, 75 years of age. A young woman named Sarah Davies, travelling with her husband and infant child m a covered van, on Thursday last at Albury, swal lowed tke contents of a 2oz. bottle of ammonia. The husband had a small side show in which the woman gave performances in snake charnaipg. Since the birth of her child a few months ago, the woman has been despondent, and had shown a strange aversion to her infant. Last Thurs day morning while the husband was asleep the woman got a bottle of ammonia, kept as an antidote in case she was bitten by her snakes, and swallowed the whole contents- The husband awoke and smelt the ammonia, which the woman then admitted having swallowed. An emetic was administered and the woman taken to the hospital. Her mouth and throat are badly burnt and she lies in a critical condition. Five years ago, before being married, she was an inmate of a lunatic asylum in Brisbane. Dr J. L. Feuton, who for eighteen months practised his profession in Bright, in the absence of Dr Wilkin son in England, and who also practised at Yackandandah for some montLs, afterwards removing to Omeo, has been very successful in the latter place. Dr Fenton was ap pointed health, officer to the Shire of Omeo a few months ago, and has gained the confidence of the residents of that district to such a degree that at an election for the position of medical officer to the Loyal Omeo Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., held on Wed nesday evening, 29th ultimo, and which aroused considerable local interest, Dr Fenton was elected by a large majority, the voting being — Dr Fenton, 45; Dr Ford, 20; Dr Henderson, 3. We wish the doctor continued success in his new sphere. Andrew Sornerville had a dispute with Mr Arthur Herbert, an old Masterton (N.Z.) settler, on Friday, over a claim for £19 for wages. The case had been before the court, and adjourned for a fortnight. Somerville met Andrews in tbe street, and after a short conversation, suddenly drew a revolver, and, saying 'Take that,' fired a shot, which entered Herbert's body in the region of the heart. The wounded man threw up his arms, and turning round, staggered across the road. Somerville fired two more shots at him, and Herbert fell dead. The bystanders scattered in all directions, but Somerville was arrested by the police without re sistance. He had been working several contracts in the district, and was considered a quiet man. Last week in some of the suburbs of Melbourne a disciple of Mrs Mel lon has been parading the back streets at midnight in a phosphorised coat. The ghost is reported to be a well known landlord who owns a large terrace of vacant houses in another part of Melbourne, and as the ghost never makes its appearance near his property, he expects a great demand for his houses Sydmey also supplies a ghost story. The ' facts ' run thusly : Some years ago a man named Vickery was going home, having in his possession a large sum of money. He vanished, and although such dis appearances are not altogether un known, Vickery now turn6 up in the gloaming', and in a ghostly shape, at least so it is alleged by sober, res pectable citizens, who reckon they saw him last week. The ' Economist,' a London finan cial paper, commenting on the judg ment given in the Melbourne Insol vency Court on 29th April last on the application of Mr J. Bartlett Pavies for a certificate of discharge from his debts, remarks that the judgment partly explains the escape of some of the chief Victorian instru ments in making the late financial collapses inevitable. Until the judges are absolutely independent, the ..** Economist ' adds, it is scarcely to be wondered at if British investors fear lest political exigency should de feat justice in the colony. At a meeting of the committee of the Beechworth Free Library on Monday evening, the Curator was given a month's notice of dismissal on account of the reterences jmade Isy him t© the secretary in his Jastre^ port to the committee. — — ^ — m^— wm^^mm ?— — — Something like an epidemic of typhoid ferer seems to be setting in a) Yarrawonga. Several fresh cases have broken out during the last week or so. It is rather a peculiar time of the year for an epidemic of this nature, and considerable speculation is rife as to the course. The Minister of Lands gives notice that Mr E. T. Brennan will ait at Beechworth on June 21st. to hear reasons against the forfeiture of the holding of Aernes Ivers, 47 acres, Kerffunyah . On Saturday Ezra Abrahams, a Turkish 3l-w, shot aud dangerously wounded a young woman named Mary Goodacre, and then attempted suicide. The tragedy took place early in the afternoon, in a Sydney snhnvban street, almost, under the shadow of the University buildings. Both the young woman and her assailant were taken to the hospital. Miss Goodacre. though very seriously injured, may recover, but Abraham's condition is practically hopeless. Ezra Abrahams is a married man with three children, and his wife is about to give birth to a fourth. For some time he has been possessed of a mad infatuation for Miss Goodacre, who, though thinking him single, yet strongly discouraged his advances. All his importunities were unsuccess ful, though bo was a handsome man of dark Oriental type, and carried on supposedly a lucrative business as a street hawker of confectionery. Shortly after noon he met Miss Goodacre in Thomas-street, and spoke to her. She averted her head, and attempted to pass on. At once Abrahams drew a revolver and fired three shots into her body, then turn ing- it on to himself, he discharged two bullets into his abdomen. When being taken to the hospitai he kept repeating, ' I loved her, oh, I loved her,' until loss of blood from his terrible wounds caused him to faint Mrs Abrahams has called on her husband since the tragedy, but he has refused to epeak to her. Abra hams has since died. The half-yearly conference of re presentatives of companies comprised in the North-Western District Butter Factories' Association was held last Friday at Daylesford. Mr Argyle, chairman ot the association, presided. The following headers were accepted : Boxes, J. Tiller, of Melbourne, at llfd per box ; but+er paper, Messrs Hagne of Sydney, at 6 £d per lb ; preservitas, Mr Mathews, of Dandenong, at 67s 6d per cwt-; salt, Mr H. Hunt, of Melbourne (Higgings's salt), at £5 per ton ; coloring, Messrs M'Meekin and Co., Warrnambool, at 12s 8d per gallon in quarts ; sulphuric acid, for testing purposes, Messrs Felton, Grim wade and Co., at 2^d per lb ; and the same firm's tender at 5d per lb was accer-ted for boric acid. After a long discussion it was decided to recommend the various factories to ship direct to one agent. A young man named David Henry 26 years of age, and who has been just half his life in the employ of Messrs Malleson, England and Stewart, the well-known Melbourne solicitors, was arrested on Tuesday on a charge of embezzlement. He was admitted to bail. A warrant has been issued for the apprehension of a fellow-clerk supposed to be a con federate. The two had charge of the common law department of the business, and were entrusted with the petty cash expenditure ; and in this it is alleged that there is a short age of £636, extending over twenty nine months. —————— — — — — ^^^^— Mr £. Maxfield, of Trar&lgon;, who is a succeBsfnl breeder of Ply month rock fowls, sent home about 70 birds. He has just been advised that they brought 8s 9d each, in the home mar ket. Sixpence per bird covers freight, -fcc., so that he will receive 6s 6d per pair. Walwa, by Glenmarkie, who had been running exceedingly well in Melbourne of late, dropped dead last week after a training gallop. Mr Arch McQueen, a very old resi dent of Rutherglen, died last Friday morning from senile decay. He had been connected with the Rutherglen district for upwardR of 30 years, and had taken a great interest in mining matters. He was one of the original owners of the Garibaldi quartz mine. He was 70 years of age. 