The Midnight Marriage, CHAPTER XIII. CAl'TURKD KiiKlS. It \vb8 one of Ihm-e acc;i!etili= < f f.ito that bad led (o the discovery of Muriel CJuine.H, Alfred I> ilziel, wandering about in » purposeless manner, hud halted onu Ruinincr <1h_V in the shade of a friendly tree, and ncutea himself on the step of a neighboring st op to rest, and brooded, as lie alwuys did now, ovor It's loBt love. A back stopped on the opposite side of the street. He was ectvenel f'Oiu view, but through the interstices of tree-box and swaying bianc'ies iic could watch unremarked. It wa» not J hot lie was anxious to see, but only a vacant habit of observing. A gentleman sprang off tbe driver's seat and ran up tlio steps, the driver following leisurely. Two trunks mere brought down and strapped feeure y. then a rather stout, middle-aged woman followed by a slight ynuug fiaure, de scended. Just at tbe loner rtep the girl paused, through up her deep 1 raveling veil, that enveloped hi r al most like a mantel, and said something to the gentleman standing on the plat form.. He disappeared in the door way a moment, and sho turned. G-ood Heavens! Was that the face of Muriel Quinell ? The long light bair, blown about by the summer wind, the purely pale complexion and the hii>h-bred features. Just a .glimpse. The veil fell and flic was banded into the carriage. ' Muriel! Muriel 1 Or was it her ghost P' and Alfred Dalr.iel stiver;d as (lie wheels rattled over the street. ' Where was alio going ?' By the time the knowledge actually settled itself in the dull brain it was too late to follow. He seemed so dazed and helpless, as if be bad really beheld an apparition. Presently be wandered across the street in his slow way. There was a .mall tin sign above tbe basement «iudows, on which be re<d ; 1 Wilfred Maedonald, M.l).' . Wilfred Maedonald! Where had lisreen that name? Obeying a strange impulse, he stumbled down the steps and pulled the bell. A thin, rather slurp-ficed woman answered the summons. ' Is Doctor Maedonald in' be «skcd. ' He is not.' ' ' Will be bo in to-niuht ?' ' tfo; he is ont of the city. You can .see him to-morrow at noon, probably.' ' Where has be gone ?' MIPS Ulyn had received her instruc ting. Tlio man looked to like a natural fool, as abe phrased it in h>-r own wind, that she could not feel euspicious, but she replied impa tiently : *,Se is out of the city, and you cannot soe him rntil to-morrow. I don't know as it makes any difference whether be is in Asia or Africa. Have you any message to leave ?' . Did be take-did Mrs. Maedonald gii nhto ?' . There iBn't any Mrs. Maedonald,' she exclaimed tartly. Then in a rather kindlier tone: 'If you have any message I will deliver it as soon »B be returns.' . No matter.' And thrusting his fingers through his shaggy bair, he turned. Misa OI/o slammed tbe door and bolted it. ' The man is a fool!' s'ie raid ; ' or else be bat been sent around by some house-breaker.' Bat Miss Glyn was a woman of . nerve, and courage, and house-breaker* would bove found a warm reception if they bad entered that night. As they did not she thought tho affair rather foolish, and gave it so brief a mention to Doctor Maedonald that it was forgottan in a few.hours. \- Whi|e he stood there talking a dim remembrance stole back to Alfred's brain. It was Doctor Maedonald who bad attended Muriel. Hut how had Muriel risen from her grave. H!e next directed his steps to tbe burying ground, stealiog round to tbe rear. There gleamed tho polished wbite marble »haft that had hpen raised over tbe fair body. Was she really sleeping tlietc? How cjuM lie learn ? The grave might be opened. Alfred shrank frsm this step, involving more or loss publicity, if, instead, he could learn where Muriel really was ! The element of low cunning and astuteness bad seemed to increase as the more prominent intellectual facul ties became blunted. He felt that he bad gained the clew to a secret which might be of paramount importance to liim. For, if Muriel lived, Althca was not Harold Walsinghtm's lawful wife, neither was Walsingham possessor of tbe fortune! If dltliea was poor, and in some sort disgracod, what revenge it would be for the slight put upon liim! Tho narrow mind fairly reveled at this consciousness. To sec his haughty woman humbled, to make her suffer for the pangs that she had inflicted upon him, ami perhaps to have her in bis power. But what must be done ? How could he fatUnm this secret ? The most plausible way that sug gested itself appeared to he a vigilant watch of Doctor Maedonald. Why bad he not followed the carringe instead of stopping to usk idle questions ? H be, tbo physician, had talent her to any place for keeping, lie would visit her occasionally. If lie, Alfred, would follow him sometime ! A better-balanced brain would have seen tthe many obstacle* that were likely to arise. Alfred kept the central ideft before liim. If tbe gravo were kcarchcd and fount! empty, Mur.el would still be missing. If 1"-' dis covered her, first of nil, without exciting any suspicions, ho ini^lit manage the cawe hiniBelf* And BO be began liia tiresome, self imposed task. It was the inire easy in one respect-Doctor Macdonald hid not yet arrived at the dignity o£ n carriage, D.iy after day lie kept up a stealthy, furtivo watch. He scarcely ate or slept, for the subjw absorbed every thought and emotioD. Doctor Macdonald was also pre-oc cupicd. Muriel's safety was the par i m.mnt idea with him, and now llut he liud lost sight of her momentarily, h" knew no rust until he could see her once again ar«d be assured of her free dom from the lurking sense of danger that haunted him continually. So he midc an farly trip to the Hiehlands. Alfred followed closoly. When he i stepped on board the small steamboat J an exultant sense of certainty ilnille.l , him. He kept well out of «ight, for there was a lingering fear lest he might bo recognised. But Doctor Macdonald would hardly have given a second thought to the awkward, shamb ling figure with bowed head and in shabby attire. The w»lk after leaving the boat waB most difficult. Alfred plunged into some wayside shrubbery, keeping the doctor well in sight. He left the little ham let behind, strode over the unfrequented n>ad and, after half a m"Ie, perhaps, made an abrupt turn. For an instant Alfred feared that he had lost him. No, thorc was the tall, erect form, a man whom one was not likely to eon fuse with others He stopped at length before the cottage and was warmly greeted by several persons. Muriel was not among them. Alfred threw himself down on the turf behind a clump of trees, panting for breath, as his walk had been the longest and most fatlgu ing. And there be watched for what BOetued an interminable while, crouchoi like a tiger waiting for his prey. Others went out and in, but ao Muriel. Presently there was a gleam at the window that might have bsen ft (lash uf pale sunset, save that the sun had long ago dropped behind the hill. Soft, Bhiuing hair, with a golden glamor, and now the face was turned, a sweet, smiling face, animated as lis had sel dom seen it. He hold his breath with an nwcsomB spell. Yes, it "was" Muriel. No other woman ever looked like that! He could have danced ahd shouted aloud in his satisfaction, but he was too wary to indulge in demonstration? tha&uiight; prove so imprudent. How was it that Muriel fyrinett had been roacuod from the grave ? Sur.lv he had seen her dead and buried ! Br what art hai Doctor Macdonald brought about this strange "comatose ctftte, and then restored her for his own satisfaction ? Why had he never made known her existence ? The thoughts were too pusszlirg for Alfred's dull brain, and, indeed, they were of less importance to him than the one fact in which he so exulted Muriel was olive! To get her in his power would give him triumph and victory over the man he hated and the woman who had wronged him. He lay in the gians watching them until the lights in the cottage window were like beacons in tho surrounding darkness* Muriel came out with a light shawl thrown around her, and walked in the twilijjht with Doctor Macdonald. They rambled down past his hiding-place. He heard her tender voice and silvery lau^h, and if ether proof were ncedid, her name was ut tered-Muriel I And row what was to be done ? To night, nothing. He retraced his stops to tfco landing and found a small country tavern where lie could be ac cammod-tod with lodgings. Swallow ing a hasty t-upper be betook himself to his room to plan. Should he admit his father to his confidence and schemes ? That would bring the matter to publicity at onoo, Matthew Daltiol would be only too g ad to wrest the fortune from Harold Wals'ngham and to disgrace Althea. Gross and stupid ns Alfred hid become, he longed for a keener and more tor turing revenge. Besides, the tccrecy bad a charm for him. If he could gain posse-sion of Muriel and hide her somewhere, the game, so to speak, would be in his own hands. But. he mus>t have one confi dant . Ou the morrow he tool; another sur vey of the place, and satisfied himself that he had not merely dreamed of Muriel. Then Ue made a few inquiries concerning thu inmates of tho cottage. 'Some Knulish people by the name of Gordon live tlier.». I did hear that | they had tome boarder*, llatber stuck- ] up "folks, I guete, for they don't go round among the neighbors. But they're not rich.' This Irom the rather loquacious landlady. ' What kind of hoarders i asked Alfred Blowly. ' Oh, women folks. I see the trunks the day they came. 1 was down to the landing, An old lady and a young one, with yellow hair a Dying over her shoulders, and a rather good-looking fellow. Two on 'em have been up. ' Two ?' 'Yes. To my mind there's some thing queer about 'em. Tliey can't both be the girl's lover.* ' Did you hear their names ?' 'What tho girl's? Warren, or some such tfiing. 1 can liud out easy enough.' Another subject caught Alfred's ear just then. An "Id, Menr-i-ycil fellow, smoking a stumpy clay pipe out on tlie porch, raised his voice : 1A fact, I tell you. I hain't, seen the ghost with my own eyes, but eard the noises-a iurl of gn-anii iind ci jiu', and bc^iu' i< I mcrcy. But he killed her, for licr b xlv «: s fount) tin r.\ imI, by rata, nn:l lnnff net ?>' rc.icli. He's never been liend . f, and the Iioiib-* is fnllin' to ruins.' ' What ib that V' asked Alfred. He war standing liv tho bar setl'ig bis bill. ' Ob, about tho bauiitcd bouse,' and Mrs Ayre.i laughed. . A haunted house V ' Yes, further on, three miles up tho river. A man named Hawkins lived there!-a queer sort of fellow who drank hard. One night he murdered bis wife and went off, and bis never been heard of siucc. That was five or six years ago, and they say she walW ' Who lives there ?' j . Bless your heart, no one ! Tlicy waited a long while for Hawkins to come back, and then gome poor traeh went into the place for shelter, but they couldn't stay-uo one can.' ' Could you direct me there ?' A new thought had crept into Alfred Dalziel's brain. Mrs. Ay res laughed agtin. contemp tuously. This man did not look much like braving a ghost. ' Oh yes, easily. You take the road past Gordons', that runs through the wood, and w hen you've gone about a mile turn to the right. It's a sort of la<>e-you can tell by a great oak that's struck by lightning-and that cuts off a good deal, though it's a rough road. Then you go on until you come 10 r. an old gray stone house, the only one anywhere around.' Alfred laid down bis hill and took the change that Mrs. Ay red counted out across the counter. ' Think of going up there ?' ' Not now. 1 may sometime when I'm in want of amusement.' Then be 1'iBt.ened to the group out side. The old man wns holding forth to some ignorant, open-mouthed list eners, exbaustitg bis imagination in describing horrors. They tell idly enough upon Alfred's senses. lie walked down toward tlm landing, but when he was out of sight turned again and scrambled through the wood, taking the shortest out. A rough, wild journey( indeed ; and lonesome enough were tbe dark paths made gloomy by overhanging trees. Panting and overheated be reached the place at length. A tuin, iudeed. The rooms on tbe lower floor were hardly habitable, hut up-stairs two were in a very tolerable state of preservation. It was possible to make them into a safe prison, if be c uld find some person to stay there' i,nd guard ber. For a week AlfreJ Dalziel pondered this subject incessantly. During that time be made another journey to Highlands, and found Doctor liaitlioldy a guest at tho Gordons'. Thi< time be went up to the old lioute and passed the uight. No g io-t c: m; to disturb his slumbers, or even h s reveries. And now he bc^an to ari'inge hi« plans with sjme vigor and defmitene.-s. Tbe two windows in the rear room could he birred fnra the out side, and the do .1- bolted. In that cose it would bo quite iuipjasible for uny one to escape. Herd was 11 bed stead and a bed, and the warmth of the Buininer Benson would preclude any necessity of much in t iu *-<iy of blan kets. He found an old, 1 i.-kety ladder, and cliuihed up >n it to f it.tin the win dows. Then, with a kind of womanly ins'iiiot be possessed,'he tidied up tbe room a little, swept nut tlie accumu lated dust of years. Wandering aboui the garret, be came across 0 trunk of bed-clothes, damp and muslv from long disuse, and brought them down to a r in the sunshine. Instead of returning to Highlands he took the road to the northwest, l'nis came out at another village, whare there was a wharf also. Several pas sengers were waiting for the b-jat to come, and in a few moments he saw it puffing down the river. And now Alfred Dalziel cast about in bis mind for a jailer-a woman, who would not bo too pitiful or tender hearted, and A ho would have the cour age to stay in this old ruin-some one from the lower anil c larser rani; 4 of life, who c mid he bought with money. He pondered this in he wended his way homeward. Matthew Dalziel was absent, and this suited his son as well. Money was to be obtained some how. He had bottn considering how much it was likely he could coax out of bis father without botraying himself and now he determined to hunt tl r iugh drawers and strong boxec. . It wilt all b« mine by and by,' lie muttered to himself. ' The governor has s.iiu so hundndj nf times, so what does it matter ?' Yet his search for a while was not very successful. Matthew Dalziel, miser- like, look good care of his precious hoard. Alfred's emmiug served liitn well, however. He searched for fccret springs and fals'1 bolt mis, and ui last, in pulling out a drawer, exhumed a mine between that and tbe floor. He rubbo 1 his hands in glee over it. Shining gold and crisp, new bills-he would be sure to take enough of it to last him through hip campaign. Elated by tliis success he could see nothing but e«sy victory. He found the nnrsnn "Iiotn he needed. A woman ready for any kmd of odd jobs, provided the pay wns uood. He pnisua'Vd her 10 .iceoinpmy him to the old tuin and there explained his purpose. ' You want me to keep the gal here nice and quiet like-that's easy enough but for bow long?' asked Mrs. Hughes. «Two or three weeks. I want her t'cated *ell, and ' 011 inust provide her with plenty of good food ; but O'- no account allow her to go out oT these two rooms. I've barred up the win dows so that she cemot escape that I way.' ' Is tho gal han'some V :i d Mrs. Uughea gave a leer from her Btnall gMv eyes, tlio rims of whieh vv. re v iy red. ' I don't. e:nR anything jibiut he beauty,' returned AlMV'l ero-siy. 1 1 told you that it was just to have her in my power in order to threaten these people who hold lior fortune. 1 moan to restore it to her in the end. She'll bo thankful enough then.' ' A nio, prison-like place,' exekimel Mrs. Hu^lics, with lior coarse smile. ' I can keep lior safe iMinuali h«re, and if sli« tries Ikt vniee now «tid then for exorcise, the neighbours may think it's tlio ehost, Whore wu.« the wom:in murdered ?' ' Down bi>Iow somewhere. You'll finil the marks, likely' 'Pleasant companions-them and ghosts.' ' But you said you were not afraid.' ' Afraid !' Sho gave a shrill, lou.l lausli, nid placing In r palms on her lips stared at him. Indeed, she did not, look like a per son who would bs easily iutim da'.ed. A great, brawny woman, s-trong of limb nnd in robust health. Her hair was black and coarse, and urew low down upon her forehead, hardly an inch aViovn the thick, beetling browe. A short nose, with n decided upward tendency, that stamped her nationality at once, and a wide mouth, filled with large white teeth. Her complexion was rough an ! florid, and she ha I a hard 1- o't, as if fate had not used her vory gently, and she whs qoite capable of returning blows will) interest. ' No, a ghost wouldn't stand much .jhanco with vou,' and Alfred chuck led. ' Live ones might fare the worst.' He thought so. ' It ymi should In tro ibled »itb visitors y.iu'll know how to get rid of them.' ' Trust, me fur that,' and a savage light gleani.-d out of her eyes, * No one must imagine that the girl is here.' 1 I'll s»ttle thnt, ton, but I hope the people are not over-neighborly.' . No one liven within a ni'le, and the house being so secluded it's hardly tiUclv tlvit stratt;ers will visit it for pleasure.' ' Whit are we to do for provender ?' ' Uriog all we can from the city. Vou mar be J.ble to buy a little around, if you run short, but you'd have a journey for it.' They went over the rid place and laid their plans. For certain reasons, b.'st known to herself, Mrs. Huglns was quite ready ti try retirement for a while, «>p ciallv when she could make it as profitable us tli'R pr imiBed. S unn remnants of crockery wcro found and a number of <caking utensils, with which Mrs. Hughes declared she could keep hiUHc; like a queen. If, tick t hem several days ta get in crier. Alfred was lavish oj his money which pleasel Mrs. Hughes. She inad" the plaec quite comfortable, so much that he rathf-r enjoyed it. AH the provision that ii was posiblo to get i" quantities they stored. ' Von may trust me for the re it.' dc el;ro I Mrs. Hughe,.. ' I've n tongue in my head that knows its business.' .And tinw,' said Alfred, after a long study, ' « here will « e eeta carriage to bring the young lady here f We muBl not riui anv risk oF detection.' 'And that u on Id be clipping your head in the noose directly. Vou ate a foul, Dalziel! What do we want with a carriage ?' * Sho cannot walk,' 'And your carrnige would be sure to betray you. Tliey could follow the track. Reside, bow would you get it up this steep, narrow road ?' A half-vacant, half-suprised expres sion stole over Alfred's fice. ' But how can wo get her here then ?' . Make her walk to be sure; or if the i» to delicate, carry her.' ' Her sccatns may betray us.' 'I'll take car* that she doesn't scream very loud,' and Mm. Hughes gave her head a decisive shake. ' I don't see how we are to manage it.' ' But you will see, presently. You'l' give me fifty a« kodii as the gal's cap tured-honor bright.1 ' Vhs, a i spon as wc have her safe here. And then I'll |>af her boa.d at the end of every week.' The uoman gave a coarse chuckle. ' Y-m ciuhiu'r do anything with the carriage,* she said presently. ' Wfl may ha»'o to watch two or three days for a goiid chance.' ' True.' Alfred had not thought of that. He yielded to Mrs, Holies' suggestion, and limine (heir prison ready, the two began their watch. The first Hay it was altogether fruitless. On the second there was a slight opportunity , but Muriel was so near the house that tlier wn e afraid i>f an alarm. It m on the tt'ter'i'ion of the third day that Muriel, light «f heart, and humming a iray little song to herself, started to join Mr. Gordon nt t! e br>at where bo waited. Sho had hardly traversed half the dUtauce when a slight rustle mnoii!> the trees alurm-d her. Cimting a frightened glance around, idie gio id quite still, trembling in every nerve Tbi next ins-unt. Rirong arms pris oned Iit, at'd before she coulf utter the faimet-t sound a bandage was p'aced tightly nv«r her ui-'vitb, and she was hurried forward. Supiiso overmastered j even ti-rrr. , After sbe bad gone a few yards she' made a desperate effort to free herself, hut a woman clutched her tightly on I one side, and n man on the other. She uttered a dull, faint cry, but it was no more than the. en!I of a bird in distress, tin and on, ovi-r fallen tvec-trunks and taiH'V d undergrowth, until at Inst they felt her haug like a dead weight upon them. . She 1ms fa; tel,' mid All'ed. They seated her on the rank ino*s, and to?k ufi tho basditcrcbief. l'bc fireil'ini .mil f . rIi air re veil or. She stared nniund-a' t'm woman's p tiless face, nri ! tlmn ' Good Hoivjns! Alfred ]);l1z:el !' sin; exclaimed. 'Hush!' commanded the woman, unless you want this rng over your mnutli again.' 'Oh, Alfred, nave mo! Don't let, her kill DIP,' and Mor el sprang to his nrms ' No one wants to kill you,' he returned doggedly, averting liin face. ' But you inust, co along with us, and bj quiet about it, too." .Oh, Alfred, where? And they will all be wild with alarm. Lot us go back if only for a moment.' ' Hush your nn'sj ]' pnid Mrs. Hug'iet fiercely. ' Come, get up and tramp, for time is precious Or shall wo carry you, my beauty ?' Muriel would have eiven one t rrific scream, but the hard hand was proceed tightly over lt»r mouth. ' No, you don't. Tie tli's on again,' Mrs. Hughes said. ' Oh, let mo be five !" pleaded Muriel. 'I will be qii'i t mid where vou want me t'"», if yi u will onlr send word ' ' We'll send the word,' was Mrs. Hughes' grim answer. . We won't have your dear friends a worryin' their hearts and eves out. Never you fenr!' With that, they started on again, she dinging- tight Io Alfred's arm, and yet it soe-med as if ho had never been so repulsive to her. The eyes were dull and swollen, lie lips pals and purplish, and the whole face flushed. 'Alfred, what do you want with me ?' Muriel asked presently, in a low tol:C. ' I don't mean you any harm. Vou sliMl have your fortune 1130111-for I hata them both. Mavbe yo j didn't know-they arc married ?' ' Yea,' with a shudder. ' You'll help me, then ? You were ready to go through Bra ai.d water for him once, and that false, treacherous woman loved him all th« while!' ' Yes. He can nver bp anything to nie again, Tht« is why I was willing to give up the fortune- to live unknown.' ' Alfred Ditlssipl stared blankly at her. If she no longer loved Har. ld Walsingham, his strongest ally for Alihea'a punishment and degradation was swept awav. ' But you do love him still!' ' I woulc die snomtr iban become his wife again! Oh, Alfred, you will not send uie back to him ?' The man was puzzled. ' Gome along!' he said rouglly, They plunged into a gloomy depth of forest. far sounded the sad monotone of the river as it swept along its rocky way. Scarcely a bird Ban?, and it seemed as if from light and love and happiness she had suddenly bceu plunged into dreariest misery. She grained sufficient courage to ask, after a long silence, whore they were going to take her. Somehow there appeared « faint hope when tdie hearj the sound of voices. ' You'll be cafe enough. If you'll go quietly and not make any row, l\l promise you your freedom in two or throe weeks. That's all I shall tell you.' ' But you will not place me in bis power ?' she begged pitoously. ' No,' hn said, half-sullenly. ' Ifow did you suspect that I was still al;vc ?' ' I *aw you.' ' Come, you'd better be moving on,' broke in Mrs. Hughes. 'You can talk afterward. It was a long, hard walk for Muriel, and she felt at every step as if she shou'd sitiW. But Mrs. Hughes watched her vigilantly. Ah, who conld come to her rescue in that dismal wood ? [TO 11E OONTIXUKD.] 