The Mystery of the Inn; on, " THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN W CHAMBER. A ST.OItY'OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. V' __ " By Anna Catharine Green. Author of " The Leavenworth Case," ; " UcJtind Closed Doors," etc. ' '"chapter i. HIE OAK rARf.OE. ' I was riding bctwoou Albany and Poughkeopeio. It was raining furiously, and my liorso, already ivoary with long travel, gave unmistakablo aigr.a ' of dis couragement. I was, thoreforo, greatly relioved whon, in the most desolate part of the rend, I espied rising boforo mo tho dim outlines of a house, and was cor respondingly disappointed when, upon riding forward, 1 porceived that it was but a desorted ruin I was approaching, whose fallen chimnoys and broken win dows betrayed a dilapidation so great that I could scarcely liopo to and so much as a temporary shelter within. Nevertheless, I was so tired of the biting storm that I involuntarily stopped before the decayed and forbidden struc ture, and was, in truth, withdrawing my foot from the stirrup, whon I heard an unexpected exclamation behind mo, and turning, saw a buggy, from the open front of which leaned a gentleman of most attractive appearance, j ".What arc you going to dot" he aslco'd! . "Hjao my head from the storm," was my hurried rejoinder. " I am tired, and o is my horse, nnd tho town, according to all appearances, must be at least two miles distant." " No matter if is in throe miloa 1 You must not tako shelter in that charnel- house," he muttered, and moved along in his seat as if to show me thero was room besido him. "Why," I exclaimed, etruck with Budden curiosity, " is this one of the haunted houses wc hear of ? If so, I shall certainly enter, aud be much obliged to the storm for driving mo into so interest ing a spot." < I thought 1)8 looked embarrassed. At ail events, I ».m sure ho hositntcd for a niomoiit whether or not to ride on and leave me to iny fate. Rut his better im pulses seemed to prevail, for he suddenly cried : i 11 Get in with me, and lonvo mysteries alone. If you want to come buck hero after you have learned tho history of that house, you can do so ; but first rido oti to town and have a good meal.' Your Jiovso will follow easily enough after lie is rid of your weight." It was too tempting an offer to bo re fused ; bo thankfully accepting his kind ness, I alighted from my horse, nnd after trying htm to tho back of the buggy, got in with this genial strangor. As I did so I caught another view of tho ruin I had been so near entering. I "Good gracious !" I exclaimed, point ing to Ike structure that, with its project ing upper story and ghastly apertures, presented a most suggestive appearance, "if it does not look like a skull !" That evoning, in a comfortablo inn parlor, I read the following manusoript. It was placed in my hands by this kindly stranger, who in so doing explained that it had been written by the lust occupant of tho old inn L was so nearly on tho point of investigating. She had been its former landlady, nnd had ulung to the anciont lio two long aftor decay had settled upon its doorstop and desolation breathed from its gaping windows. She died in its north room, and from under her pillow the discolored leaves wore taken, tho words of which I now place beforo you. . ) January 28, 1775. I do not understand myself. I do not understand my doubts nor can 1 analyse iny fears. When I saw tho curriago drivo off, followed by tho waggon with its in explicable big box, I thought I should certainly rogaininy former serenity. But I am more uneasy than over. I cannot rost. and keep going ovor and over in my tnind, tho few words that passed between ur in their short stay under my roof. It is her face that haunts mo. It must bo that, for it had a strange look of trouble in it as well a3 sickness ; but neither can I forgot his, so fair, so merry, and yet so unpleasant, especially when ho glanced at' her and— no I could not help but think beforo they went away— when ho glanced at inc. I do not like him, and tho chills croop ovor mo whenever 1 remember his laugh, which was much too frequent to bo docont, considering how poorly his roung wife looked. They are gone, nnd thoir belongings with them ; but I am as much afraid ns if they were still here. Wby 1 That is- wlmt I cannot tell. 1 sit in the room where they slept, and fool as strange and torrifiod as if I had encountered a ghost there. I dread to stay and droad t« movo, und write bnoause I must roliev & lysolf in somo way — that is, if I am to have any sleep to-night. Am I ill, or was there something unexplained and mystorious in their nctionB r Lot mo go over tho pnst and bog, Thoy came last evoning about twilight. 1 was in the front of tho houBe, and see ing such a good-looking couple in tho carriage, and such a pile - of baggage with them that thoy had to have an extra waggon to carry it, I ran out in all haste, to welcome them. Sho had a veil drawn ovor hor face, and it was so thick that I ' could not soe hor features, but her figure wsb slight and graceful, and I took a ' fanoy to hor at onco, perhaps beoauso she held her arras out when she. saw mo, as if sho thought she beheld in me a friend. He did not pleaso me so well, though tlioro is no gainsaying that ho is handsomo enough, and speaks, when he wishos to, with a great deal of courtesy. But I thought he ought to give his atten tion to his.young and ailing wife, instead of being so concerned about his baggago. Had that box of his contained gold, he' could not have loohod at it more lovingly or been more anxious about its handling.' Ho said it held books ; but pshaw I what is there in books, that a man Bhould loyp them better than hie wife, and watch over thoir -welfare with the utmost bonoorn, wliilo allowiug a stranger to holp hor out of tho oarriago and up tho inn steps '( But I will not dwell any longer upon this. Men are strange borage, and must ' not be jqdged by rules' that apply to -woman, Let mo see if 1 can romomber 'when it was that'l first saw Iter faoo. Ah, yes, it was in thejparlor. Stye had taken 2 qeut iintfo wime hor tyabah'aGootroa through tho -'house snd decided " which ' room to take, Tlioro wore fonff empty. andtjiffp cthom .-wprp tty.ghelfig&&SiL; airiest in thcinn, but ho pacsbd by fliiao and insisted .vpqn taking one that was stuffy with disuse, because it was ou tho ground floor, and so convenient for us to. bring his box into. His great box I I was so provoked - at this everlasting concern about his great box, that I ran to the parlor; intending to ask the lady herself to intorfero, I-. But when I got to the'throshold I paused,' nnd did not speak, for the lady— or Mrs.' Urqulmjt/na I presently found- she called herself— had arisen from hor sent and was looking in the glass with an expression so sad and' searching that. 1 forgot -my errand and only thought of ooinforting hor. But tho moment she hoard rriy stop alio drew down the veil , which sho had tossed back, and corning quickly towards mo, asked if her husband hud chosen a room. . I answered in the alflrmativo, and began to complain that it wsib not a vary cheerful ono. But silo paid small atten tion to my words, and presently 1 found myself following hor to the opartmont- designated. Sho entered, making a pic ture, as sho crossed tho threshold, v/niuh I Bhall not readily forget. Pot- in hor short, quick walk down the hall sho had torn the bonnet from lieu head, and though she wao not a strictly beautiful woman, sho was sufficiently interesting to make her every movement attractive.. But that is not all. For some reason the moment possessed an importance for hor which I could not measure. 1 saw it in hor whole poise,- in the pallor of her cheekB nnd tho uprightness o, her car riage. The sudden halt she made at. tho threshold, the half startled exclamation sho gave as her eyes fell on tho. interior, all showed that she was laboring under somo secret agitatiou. But what was tho cause of that agitation I have not been able to determine. She went in, but as oho did so, I hoard her murmur : " Oak walls I Ah, my soul 1 it has come soon !" Not a very intelligible exclamation, you allow, but as intelligible as her wholo conduct. For in another moment every sign of emotion lmd left her, and eho stood quite calm and cold in tho centre of tho room. But hor pallor remained, and I cannot make sure now whether this be tokened wrary resignation or s'imo secrot but half recognised fear. . Had T looked at him instead of at her, I might have understood tho situation bettor. But, though I dimly porceived his form drawn up in the empty spneo at the left of the door, it was not until she had passed him und flung herself into a chair, that 1 thought to look in his direc tion. Then it was too late, for ho had turned his face aside and was gazing with rather an obtrusive curiosity at the old- fashioned room, murmuring, as ho did so, some such common-placcB to his wife us : "I hope you are not fatigued, my dear. Fine old house, this. Quite English in stylo, eh ?" To all of which nhe answered with a nod or a word, till suddenly, without look or warning, she slipped from hoi' ehair and lay perfectly insensible upon the dark boards of the worm-eaten floor. I uttcrod an exclamation, and so did he ; but it was my arms that liftod her anil laid hor on tho bed. He stood- a3 if frozen to his place for a moment, then lie mechanically lifted bis foot nnd set it with an uir of proprietorship on tho box before which lie lmd been standing. " Strnngo and inexplicable conduct, " thought 1, and looked tho indignation I could not but fool." " Instantly ho left his position, and has tened to my Bide, offering his assistance and advico with tlint heartless officious- ness which is so unbearable when lifo and donth are at atako. I accepted as little of his help as was possible, and when, after persistent effort on my part, I bsw her lips flutter ing, and hor breast heaving, 1 turned to iiiin with as offensive an air us my mingled dislike and distrust would admit, and. asked' how long they had been married. Ho flushed violently, and with a sudden rage that at onco robbed him of that gentlemanly appearance which, to him, was but the veneer to a coaroo and brutal naturo, ho exclaimed i " you ! and by what right do you ask that 1" But bofore I could reply ho recovered himself, and was all false polish again, bowing with exaggerated politonoss, as he exclaimed : " Excuse me ; I have had much to dis turb mo lately. My wife's health has beon vory feeble for months, and I am worn out with anxiety, and watching. We are now on our way to a warmor climate, where I liopo she will be quite restored." And' ho smiled a very strnngo and peculiar smile, that wont out like a sud denly extinguished candle, as ho per- coived her eyes suddenly open, and 1 «: gazo pass reluctantly around tho room, as if foroed to a ouriosity against which sho rebelled. " I- think Mrs. Urquliart will do very well now," was his hurried remark at this sight. Ho evidently wished to be rid of me j and though 1 hated to leave her. I really found nothing to say in contradiction to his statement, for sho certainly looked complotoly restored. I therefore turned away with a heavy heart towards tho door, when the young wife, suddenly throwing out hor arms, exclaimed : "Do jiot leave me in this horrible room alone I I am afraid of it — aotuully afraid I- Couldn't you have found some spot in the house lees gloomy, Edwin ?" I came baok. "Thoro are plenty of rooms— " I began. But he interrupted me, without any ceremony. . "I choBO this roam, Honora, for its convenience! Thoro is nothing horriblo about it, and when the lamps are lit you will find it quite pleasant. Do not -bo foolish. Wo sleep here or notvhore, for I cannot consent to go upstairs." She answered nothing, but I saw hor eyes go travelling once again around the walls, followed in a furtive way by his. Whereupon 1 looked about mo, too, and triod to get a stranger's impression of tho placo. I was astonished at its effeot upon my imagination. ' Though I had been in and out of the room fifty times before, I hsdnovor noticed (ill now the exlremo dismalnoas and desolation of its appear ance. Once used as an auxiliary parlor, it had that air of uninhabitabloness which clings - to suoh rooms, togathor with a certain something else, eq'sally un pleasant, to wtiloli at that moment 1 coula give no name. It was panelled with oak far above our bonds, and as the walls above had bocome gray with smoke, there was absolutely no color in the room, not oven in tho hanging of tho gaunt four- poster that loomed dreary and repelling from one end of the -room. For here as elsowhere,. time had boon ab work, and tints that were onco bright enough bad gradually been subdued by dust and smoke into one uniform dimneBB. The floor was blaok, the fireplace empty, the walla without n picture, and yet it was neither from this groynecs nor from this barrenness that one recoiled. It was from something else— some tiling that wont deeper than the lack of charm or color — something that clung to the w'alls liko a contagion and caught at tho heart-strings where they are weakest, smothering liopo and awakening horror, till in each faded chair a ghost soemed sitting, gazing at you with immovable eyes that could toll tales but would not. Thero was but one window in tho room, and that looked towards tho West. But tho light that should have entered there was frightened also, aud halted on the ledge without, baulked by the thick curtains that heavily enshrouded it. A haunted chamber ! or so it appeared at that moment to my somewhat excited fancy ; nnd for tho first time in my lifo, here, I felt a dread of my own houao, and exporioncotl tho uncanny 3cnoation of someone walking over my gravo. But I soou recovered myself. Nothing of a disagreeable naturo lmd over hap pened in this room, nor lmd wo had any special reason for shutting it up, oxoept that it was in an out-of-the-way place,, and not usunlly considered convenient, notwithstanding Mr. Urqulrarl's opinion to the contrary. "Never mind," said' I, with a Inst effort to soothe tho agitated woman. " Wo will lot in a liltlo light, and dissipate come of these shadows." And I attempted to throw back the cur tains of the window. But they fell again immediately and I exporionccd a sensation na of something ghostly passiug between us and the light. Provoked at my weakness, I tore tho curtains down and flung them into a corn or. A straggling beam of sunsot oolor came in, but it looked out of place and forlorn upon that black floor, like a stronger who meets with no. .welcome- Tho poor young wife seemed to hail iti however, for she moved instantly to where it lay, and stood in it ub if she longed for its warmth and comfort. I immediately glanced at tho fircpiaco. "J will soon havo a rousing fire for you," I declared. " These old fireplaces hold a largo pilo of wood." I thought, but I must be mistaken, that lie made a gesture as if about to pro test, but, if ro, reason must have soon come to his aid, for he said- nothing, though ho looked uneasy, aB I moved tho handirons forward and made some other trivial arrangements for tho fire I hud promised them. " Ho thinks I am nover going," I mut tered to myseli, and took plonsuro in lingering ; for, anxious as I was to liavo tho room heated up for hor comfort, 1 knew that every moment I stayed there would be ono less for her to spend with her surly husband alone. At last 1 had no further oxcuse for re maining, and so with the final remark, that if the firo failed to give thorn cheer wo had a sitting-room into which thoy could conic, und went out. But I knew, svon whilo Buying it, that ho would not grant her tho opportunity of enjoying the Bitting-room's cosiness ; that he would not lot hor out of his sight, if ho did out of tho room, and that .for her to remain in Iris prcsonco was to be in darkness, solitude and gloom, no matter what walls surrounded -her or in what light sho stood. My impressions were not far wrong. Mr. anil Mrs. Urquliart came to a upper, but that was all. Bofore the others had finished their roast, thoy had oaten their pudding and gono ; and though ho had talked and laughed, and shown his' wbito tooth, tho impression- left behind them was a depressing ono which even Hetty felt, aud she liaB anything but a sensitive nature. \- 1 went to the room once again in tho evening. I found them both seated, but in opposite parts of tho room ; he by his great box, and she in an easy-chair which I had caused to be brought down from my own room for. her especial uso. . 1 did not look at him, but I did at her, and was astonished to seo, first, how dignified she was ; and nost, how pretty. Had sho boen happy and at her case, I should probably havo boen afraid of hor, for the fire-light, which now shone on'liot wan young check, brought out evidences of character and culture in her expression which proved hor to be, by birtli aud training, of a position superior to what one would be led tc> expect from hur hus band's aspect und maimer. .But sho was not happy nor at her ease, and wore, in stead of the quiet and commanding look of the great lady, such an expression of scarot dread, that I almost forgot my position of laaa!ady,and should certainly, if ho had not been thero, fallen at her aide and tukon her poor, forsaken lioad upon iny breast. But that Bilent, im movable form, sitting atatue-like beside his hugo box, smiling, for. aught I knew, but if so, breathing out a chill that for bade all exhibition of natural feeliug,held me in chock, us it held her, so that I merely inquired whether them was any thing I could do for her ; r.Kd when she shook her head, starting a toar down hei cheek as sho did so, I duft£t do nothing more than give her ono Ctiok - of sym pathetic understanding, stud start for the . door. . T . A command from hiw- jftoppod mo. " My wife will norVi a slight auppot before sho goes to bed," unid ho. " Will you be good enough to goe that one is brought?" ' She roused horwrif tH) with quito a startlod look of woEitlor. " Why, Edwin," sho began, " I nevei have been in the habit — ,v But ho hushed her at onco. ' ''' " I know whrt is best for you," said ho. " A BUtfll plate of lunohcon, Mrs. Truax ; snd let it be nico and inviting," I coui'tcBiod, gave her another glance, and wont out. - Hor countenance had not lost its look of wonder. Was ho going ts bo considerate, after all ? Tho lunoh was prepared and taken to her. Not long after this the inn quieted down, and suoh guests as were iu the house prepared for rest. Midnight came ; all wnB dark, in room and hall. I was aur6 of this ; for I wont through 'the whole building myself, contrary to my usual habit, which was to leave this task to my man of all work, -Burritt. All was dark, and all iris quiet, and I was iunt dronoino off to sloep, wnen there snot up suddenij from below a shriek, which was quicklj smothered, but not so quickly that I dio not recognise in it that tone whioh ii inly given by hideouB dittreu of .'mortal tear.-. "It ia Mrs. Urquliart 1" I oriod, in. :orror, to myself ; and plunging into my jlothes I hurried downstairs. (TO BE OONIKiOED.) Two marrricd ladles- were talking In a street oar- One was recounting the wonder ful sayings of her-preoooiouB children,' \- " I was travelling," said one. " acoom- oompanied by my six-year-old Froddio, Wo stopped at a railroad -enting-houBo, whore a colorod man- walked np and down pounding a gong, Fred listened a while, and,' with a look of contempt, said : "Maybe' that teller thinks he's playing a tune, but he lan'to ; 