TALES AND SKETCHES. THE MAHDI. Br HALL OAINE. Author or " tnu Soafkooat," "The Last Confession, " The Bondman," A a All Rights Reserved. Chatter II. Raohot was waiting in tbe patio of her house. She was a true daughter of bor people— yauug, dark, beautiful, with largo eyes and a reaoluto mouth. A woman oapabio of great passions, great lovo, great hatred, great devotion and great revenge. Tbe patio was open to the sky. It was dark, and dtars were shining. The moon was not yet risen above the walls. A worm red glow eaine from a window to a room whorein a lamp was burning. Omaf approached with slow steps, and Raohol received him with a soft ory of joy. There wsrosomo whisporcd words, nnd then Oinar raid, "But why did you bring him bore ?" "Hush !" said Unohcl. "Arc you voxed that what I have asked you to do will bu so much ths easier done ?" " In another moment tho peoplo would havo done it for you, without dcooit and without treachery. But for you thoy must have atoned him to death." Raohel laughed. "So lis thinks j but ho is wrong," sho said. "His shrewd tonguo had already divided them, and then these merchants from Tadla"—— " At least they wonld have driven him out of Fez to-night," said Omar. " And ho would havo returned to it in the morning," said Rnolioi. "No, there wns but one way, Omar, call it by what bad name you will." "My lovs, my darling ! What bas be dons to deserve it? Mercy besesma a woman, Raohol, if vongeano bofits a man." Raohel threw back her hoad. " And so this madman," sho began, in a low, dcop voice " If he is mad it Is enough to pity him," eaid Omar. "Tho mad are oomotimcs dangorous," began Rachel again. " What danger is tliero in him ? If only ho was a tyrant, a despot, a Bssha ! But he is an outcast, a pariah, all but a beggar, and to lay hands on bim is to insult aalnmity itself. I cannot do it. Tlteto is nothing to prompt mc, nothing to justify mo, nothing"— ho looked at her significantly. " Nothing savo one thing " Raohol turned aside. "Vory well. Good night !" she Baid coldly. "Tell ine what he has done, and I will do it," said Omar impulsively. "Ho has Injured mo, deeply, vory deeply, past mercy and past forgivoness," said Rachel. " And you have ohoscn ma to avongo you?" " I havo ohoBsn you to avenge mo." "For what," said Omar. Raohol did not answor immediately. "That," he said at length, " is my secret." Omar began to stammer, "I know that he deserted — " Make no conjecture !" said Riokol. " Is it," said Omar solemnly, "in it that " " Guess no mnro," said Raolicl. '' If," B»id Omar, still more solomnly, "if it I Raohol turnod back to him and whisporcd in his car in a low voice liko a caress, "Come to no whon it is dona and I will toll you every thing." Then, putting her arms about his lieok, "Lore, dearest, obanoe lias dsllvored hiin into our hinds ; so put uo inoro arguments to me, put thorn to Fate." Omar started at the word. "Yes, Fate has brought me here," ho said. "Have you not oomo by my appointment ?" "We drew lots — I, Jonas, the Jow, and Otbn." And the lot fell to you ?" "The lot fell to me." Thore was silence for a moraont, and then Raohel said, "This is groat news. 'Who can escape his destiny ?" " Who indeed 5" "Now you can havo no fear. Heavou has willed it." " It must bo so. If thero is any guilt in it tho guilt is notmino," said Omar. "Who dsre say it is?" said Raohol. Omar looked in at the window of ths room whom the lamp was burning. " What is he doing ?" he asked. " Tho Tadla merchante are with him. Whon ha is alone I will take you to him. Then it will be man to man," " Aye, man to maii," said Omar in a hushed whisper. "And whon all is over everybody will Bay, ' The rabble that would have stoned him to death ' "Yas, yes, "snld Omar, eagerly. "Tho rabble. No other man suspcoted." "'Tho rabble,'" oontlnucd Rsohol, "'that would havo stoned him to death but for tho daughter of Isaac Laredo havo broken into her house and killed him.'" Omar startod uneasily at the namo. " Raohel," ho said, "sometimes I think that yon and I should not bo— to each otbor what we are." The woman put her arms about his neok and laughed. "My dearest, whon Is tlmt?" " Whon I am alono — in the night— whon I oannot sleep," Thero was another moment of heavy silence. " Come, oomo," said Raohol, cheerfully, ' ohaae away these heavy looks. What aro dif ferences of faith to thoso who lovo ? Whon this turbulent babbler is silenced for over you shall havo your reward." "My darling," said Omar. Then in n ohill voioo, "Whoro is ho?" " In my father's room — tho room where my father diod," said Raohel, in a low tone. Omar drew back suddenly. "There? No, not there," ho stammorcd. "Ah, he sosms to fear no ghosts, "said Raohel, bitterly. Omar ombraeod her passionately. "I'll do it," he said. " My hope ! My stay ! My sal vation 1 For your dear sake it shall be dono !" _ Ho broke from hor arms with n kiss and a sigh and stepped into tho house. It was now late, and the moon was dipping down into tho patio. The Mahdi was in the lamplit room opening on to tho patio. Boobkcr and tho merchants Irom Tadla wore with him. " Mahdi," said Asad, "Fez turns its back on you — oome with us to Tadla." "Patience," said the Madhi. "Fez is my mother, I am hereon, and she shall yet roccive me. " " ' Stretch your leg according to your shawl ' — it's a good saw," said Boobkcr. " You cannot stay here, Mahdi. Your life is not worth a, pin's purchase. " "Tadla ie waiting for tho truth. ' Oomo . and dolivcr it," said Asad. The Mahdi considered for a moment. Then he said, " Everything is ordained ! It is written, that I should go with yon. When do you leave Fez?" " Within tho hour," said Asad. "I will follow you to-morrow. Mahdi or prophet, I am a man with a man's affections, nnd Fez holds all that aro dear to me, my sister, her son." "Wo will wait," said Asad. " God rcqnito you abundantly. The present is patience, but the future breathes of revenge. I am driven away as a beggar, but I will re turn as a conqueror. Goad night !" " Good night ! God blois your morning !" said the merchants, and they left him. As well as the window to the patio there was an open doorway to the market place. The Mahdi stepped up to this doorway and looked out on the housetops which wore sleeping under tho white light of tho moon. Tnooity wns quiet now ; the wing of night lay softy over it. "Take your last look, Molmmmed-er-Rah- man !" ho thought. " Farewell, my mother, farewell ! To-morrow you will have the earth for your rosting place, and tho heavens for your tont." Tho Mahdi was turning away whon Raohel drew the curtains of tile door from tho patio and softly entered the room. "Tho night is far gone," sho said. "You must bo very tirod." "Yes, I will lie down and sloop," said the Mahdi. "Y«b, yes, a long, long sloop," said Raohel. "Tho sloop would have been longer and the bed harder hut for you, Raohel," said the Mahdi. " Say no more about that, Mahdi," alio said. Rachel was movod with on awe which she date not hotray ; sho was seeing tho room at that moment as it was on the night when she found her father lying thero dead. She drew up a mattress and thought, "That is the very spot." Then sho said aloud, "Oomo, lie hero." Tho Mahdi lay down. " You saved my life, Rachel. God will requite yon," ho said. "He docs not romember," thought Raohel. Then aloud as before, " I will turn the stove, Mahdi. My fstbor always liked it so." She turnod tho brass stovo so that tho soft red glow might fall on tho Mahdi's swarthy faoe. "Ah, yos, your poor fathor!"said the Mahdi. " God reot liim ! " " Amen i Amen ! " said Raahel. They woro only words, idle words. " Courage ! Oaurage ! He doos not oare," she thought. A harp stood in a cornor of ths room. " Shall I sing you to sleep?" sho said sweetly. "My father always loved it." The Mahdi looked at Iter and smiled wearily. "You are still anxious about mo, Raohel. But there is nothing to foar now. Go to your rest. Good night." "No," said Raohol. "I slmll never sleep until you aro slcoping." "The world and nil things in it are good, bat tho goodliest thing in the world is a good woman," said the Mahdi. "Now hush ! hush 1" said Raohol. Then aha played softly and sang in a low tone that was liko a lullaby — Camel driver, camel drivor, Why woep yo so sore 7 Tho lovo thsb was my love, I may love no more. The heart of tho Mahdi was touohed. " Ah, Raohol," said he, "but for tho freaks of fata what joy of lifo thero might have been for you and me i Yet tho lose is mine only. Omar ie brave, and yon are gentle. Tho porfoot man is but a bravo woman, the perfect woman is but a gentler man." Raohel stopped. " How oan I sing, Mahdi, if you talk so?" sho said. "How beautiful you are, Raohol j how vory fcoautiful !" "Not a word more now, not one little word, Hush ! Hush !" Sho played again without singing. After a while she rose and approaahed the mattress. The Mahdi was asleep. " Asleep !" she thought. " Now is tho time. Yet my heart misgives me. His words were like poisoned arrows. 'You saved my life, God will roquito you.' 'How beautiful you ovo, how vory beautiful.' 'But for the froaks of fato what joy of lifo there might havo been for you and mo ?" Must it ho ? Must it be! Yet ho was cruel then, and now ha's oallons. Look, ho oan sleep on tho very spot, the very spot where I found my father in his blood. Ugh ! The door otood open and he was gone." Sho stepped aside. "It must be dono," she thought. "Surely heaven directed my choico of Omar. He loves mo, and tho lot foil to him. Ho will do it — he will do it. " Taking up tho lamp sho wont noiselessly out of the room. No light remained except that of the stovo falling on tho Mahdi, and some rays of moonlight whioh camo through the window to the patio. In tho silence Omar entered nervously. He looked around like a man iu torror. " Tlr vory room," ho thought. "Was thoro no plaos on oarth hut this— this nightmare of my sleep, tho grave pit of my dreams I Ghosts I It is full of them. The odor of that awful night— tho desk — the door, and "-turning towards the mat- tross— "tho very spot." Ho returned to the door and pushed it open as if about to fly. " Sly poor father !" he thought. Then wi til a glow of resolution liecloiod the door. " Pshaw ! That's dead and done with." ltoturning to tho mattress ho bent over the Mnlidi. " Avloep," ho thought. "ICill a man in sleep! Yon onn't do that, Omar. I'll go back." Ho stepped back and thon stopped. "Asleep— perhaps droaming. Dreaming— of what? No phantoms stand up heforo his inward oyes ; no blaok shadow of doom hangs over him ; no flro burns in his heart. He will go to God." Omar drew his sword. " They say an angel watches over the sloop of the just — ah !" Stricken by this thought lie steps hnck in nwc, " I dare not. God knows I dare not do it," ho told himsolf. Ho returned to tho door and Btood with ono hand on tho door lintel. "But Raohel I" ho thought. " She is waiting. Raohel, my lovo. my life. 0, O ! my soul Is hers to savo or damn." It was midnight. Not a sound in tho air. Suddenly the chant of tho Mooddin eame from tho mosquos. " AUah-u-lCabar " - God is great. "Tho Mooddin! It must be dono. lean nwakon him." Omar went back to the mattress, sword in hand, and aricd, " Mahdi ! Mahdi ! awake ! Your timo has oomo." The Mahdi awoke and opened his eyes, but he did not rise, " Omar !" he said calmly. " Get up !" cried Omar. "Who have you to save you now? Thoro are but two of us here," and ho brnndlshed the naked sword. " Yon are wrong, Omar Benari," said the Mahdi, oalmly ; there is a third — there is God !" Omar was cowed at the word ; he let fall his sword in his terror, and at the next moment the Mahdi had leapt to bis feet and snatched it up. "Now, Omar, who is thero to sareyou?" ho orisd. Omar dropped to his ltnoes. "None, none ?" he answered. The Mahdi handed the sword book to Omar, saying, "Then learn mcroy from me." " Mahdi ! blaster ! Lord ! I am your slave for ever," cried Omar. ' There was a sound of hurrying fcot ; the door from tho patio opened, nnd Asma entered in ,grent agitation. . "My lord, Omor is coming "she began, and then, seeing Omar on his knece, she stopped in dismay. Omar leapt to his fcot. " God ef grace, for- glvo me? Only half your danger is.past, he eaid. " What is the rest!" said the Mahdi. "Jonas, the Jow, my father, and many more are outstdo the home," cried Asma. "It is true." said Omar. "At my watohword they were to enter and plunge their knives into your body. Tho filahdi steppod calmly to tho doorway overlooking the market place. " I sos thorn," lie Haid. "They are in the Sok al Foki." Omar with his sword in hand slipped to the doorway. " Let them come," ho said, "and God help him that comes the first. " "The Mahdi was still looking out. "Thoy nre 10 to 2," ho said. "No matter !" said Omar. " Impossible," said tho Mahdi. " Escape, my lord, osaape !" cried Asma. "Be calm, my daughter, bo oalm,"said the Mahdi. "Do not alarm your mistress. She will he asleep." Then in another voice, "Is thore no other way out of this house?" "None hut to the market plaoe," said the girl. "Then I must go through that," said tho Mahdi. He turnoil to Omar. " Brother, daro you tako my plaoe on that mattress until I have passed out of this door." "Try mo," said Omar. "Then givo me your aoolliam," said tbe Mnlidi. Omar took off the oloak and tlie Mnlidi put it on. ' " What is your watchword ?" " God is great." Tho Mahdi' turned to the girl. " Conoeal yourself, child, atad God bless you. Now, silan'co !" ' Asma orept 'oiit. Omar stepped to the mattress and prepared to lie down. At thnt moment tho faoe'x'of men were seen in the moon light through the doorway. "They are hare," said the Malidi, in an undertone. " Are you roady, Omar?" " Ready 1" said Omar. He was now lying on the mattress. The Mahdi stopped to the door. Tho faces met him. " God is great," he cried, " God is great," answered voioes from with out. Tho Mahdi' passed through. At tho next moment three men rushed into the room, orylng, "Death to the Mahdi !" Omar rone from the mattress, and at sight of his face the men fell book in dismay. "Omar?" thoy oriod. At the name moment Raohel returned to the room with the lamp. . - - " Omar!" she exclaimed.. I . ''V.-.Vv. " Fool I" said Otbn. , V " Traitor !"oried' Jones. ' 'The Mahdi .was gone. . \- "OfrAPTBlwIL : It was early morning in Tadla. The oity. wis not yet awake ; thogate was still oloacdand-thDl porter was asleep. Twooameis and twi' camel drivers lay on the ground at a foot of a dais whioh'stoodjby'tiio oity well. A third man had also been sleeping there. He rose. It was Otbn, the Berber. The sun was ooniing up. '"Time to be stirring brothora," said Otba. " So noon ?" said ono of the camel drivers. His name was Larby. Ho was a young man, im pulsive and talkative. "I was droaming I wns the prophet's eunuch, and had 40 slaves and 20 wives." Tho other camel drivor aroused himself. He wos an old man, solemn and tnoittirn. "What says the poet? 'Sloop mokes usail Beshas !' " "Seems less than an hour sinoe wo onmo in from Fez," said Larby, "nnd now, boforo we linvo time to turn— ' "To turn!" cried tho old man. "Leave you to sloep, and you'll turn and turn till mid day." " Well, ono good turn deserves another," said Laiby. Then, turning towards Otba, "Ah, and hero is the stranger we brought in with us last night." . Tho old man grunted. I toll you again he is no Mahdist," he said. "And we'll ho punisliod for bringing him into tho oity. Hare, stranger, tako baok your money, and go while you're safe. " ... "Keep it. I'm in Tadla now," said Otsba, with a laugh. "That's just why your lifo is m dangor, and our skins as woll," said tho old oatnel drivor. "I'll risk it," said Otbn. "So will I," said Larby. "What does tho Koran say— 'If the iufldol sooks refuge with you givo it him, that ho may hoar tho word of God.' " "Good," said Otba, "but I am no infldol. Only I'vo not beon in Tadla sinoe tho Mahdi sottled thero." Larby made a long whistle. "Not in Tadla silioo a year Bgo! Thon you'll' see somo ohnngcB.". . , " Yes," tilings do soom altered," said Otba. "Alterod,", oriod Larby, rapturously. "Say transfigured i whore's the old Kasbah ? Gone. Whoro's tho old prison that wns n dungeon on a dunghill? Gono. Wheto's tho harem of tho Baaha? Gone. AV here's tho Basha himsolf who used to grind tho fncos of tho poor? Gone ! Where's tlie Kadi who used to sell his justice to the rich ? Gono— all gono I Instead of these look and soe : tho mosque, the oourts of law, the BohlierB, tho 'barracks, the women in tbe streets with uncovered faces, the Moslem and -the Nsznrenc, the Jow nnd the Christian, ail equal and free." Otba ourled his lip contemptuously. "Won derful I" lie said in a mook tone. " And tho Mahdi himself, is ho ohnuged also?" " Tho apostle of God—God favor and proservo him — is changed only in condition ; in oharncter ho is tlie same. Then he was a hunted wolf- now he is a conquoring lion." " And tiic Mahdi's wife, Raahel, the Jowess, what of her?" Lnrby's Impulsivo tongue hesitated. "His wife— hum ! ha !— well— wo are the Mahdi's servants." "Larby," said tho old man, severely, "you exceed in talk. Ask pardon of God." "So that's how it is," thought Otba. " And her young maid, Asma, tho Borbor — is sho one of the Mahdi's conoubincs ?" The old man's face clouded. "Stranger, listen," he said. " Believer or infidel, romem ber tho saw that says, ' I'm Lite slave ol what I speak, and tho lord of what I think.'" At that moment a deep low murmur rb of many voices camo from tlie mosque .whose minarets overlooked tho oity gate. " Good 1" said Otba, cheerfully, "But why be afraid of mo ?" Ho pausedtolisten. "Wliat e that noiso ?" he asked. ' "Prayer in the masque," said Larby. A troop of people came down the street behind the mosque. Among them were tho blind, the lame and the infirm. "And who are these people!" Baid Otba. " Pensioners and petitioners of tho Mahdi," said Larky. " Ho will come out presently." " Hush, lie is coming now," said the old camel driver. Tho camel drivers roused their camels and drove them aside. Otba Htoppod hsok. Voices camo from within the mosque. "Praise bo to God i Praise be to God and his prophet 1" A moment later tho Malidi ctme out of the mosque, attended by Boobker and Asm, and made his way to the dais. Ho was clothed in white. Tiie people pressed round iiim, kneoling and supplicating. He was pushing his way to the da'is when he saw the camel drivors, and stopped. "Larby," lie said, " when did you return ?" " L&to; last night, my lord," said Larby. "And Omnr ! ' asked tho Mnlidi eagerly. "Wo loft him in Fez," said Larby. "He sant us forward with the faaggnge. He is fol lowing, and will be here to-day. " Tho Mahdi drew a deep breath. " God grant lie bring good tidings," ho said. Then in an easier voioe: "Boobkor, if you have any peti tioners to-dsy I will give them an audicnoe now." And with that he took his seat on the dais. The gate of the oity was the court liouso of Tadla. Boobkcr brought up a man and a woman. "This woman," lis said, "being divorced from this man, for infidelity with his brother, claims back her dowry, but tho man says he has paid her already." "What did you pay her?" said the Mahdi to the man. "A hundred eilvor dollars," the man answered. " It's falso, my lord, he paid me nothing," cried the woman. " Ono of you must bo lying, whioh is it?" said tho Mabdi. ' "It's he, my lord," eaid tho woman. " The man did not speak for a moment ; then ho said, "Agood wifo is a crown on the bead of a king, Mahdi, but n wicked wife is a burdon on tho baok of nn old man. She had boggared mo bofore I divorced her, and dishonored mo bofore nil bolieverB." "What havo you got loft?" the, Mahdi askoil. "Only ono camel, not worth the hundred, dollars she demands over again," said the man. " You must givo it up to her," said tho Mahdi. " God bloss you, my lord," cried, tho woman with great joy, "and may the wife of your heart he blessed. You are true to all women, and deserva that all women should be true to yon." The man looked on tho ground. " Then I'm a ruinod man," lie faltered. The Mahdi turned to the woman. "Ho has nothing now. Will you not give him some thing ?" " I don't mind," she said largely. " Hero's a silver dollar for him." " Hand it to mo first," said tho Mahdi. Ho looked at it entieally. ''What'" lie cried, " base metal ? You carry falso money ? Do you know the penalty?" The women was thrown into wild exoitement. "Base? Falso? Ponalty?" she exclaim'od. " How should 1 know it was false ? He gave it hie, and if anyone is to- be imprisoned for it, imprison him." Then sho lost herself. "O, my Idrd Mahdi," she oried, " it Is no nse to de ceive yon. My husband did pay mo the hundred dollars, but he pnid me in falso monoy, and thatfnlso dollar Is ono bf tuem. Ho It eomes to wlist I Bald at tho first, and I'm as lnnooent as tho babsunhorn." "Take hor out and whip her," said the Mahdi. " The silver is as good as ever was coined." (to de continued.) 