GRESFORD. Tho weather has been ohangtoblo. A vory nice sho war fell on Sunday aftornoon and on Monday wo had a sovoro thunderstorm with abundant rain on tho Allyn Rivor. To-day lias boon frightfully hot with a strong westerly wind, \ Liko othor parts, wo too aro suffering from n visitation of lady-birds, whioh are doing muah damage to tho young pumpkin vinos. Thero soora to bo two sorts, ono boing in shape liko a split pen, , nnd tho othor oblong. Limo is proved to bo the best provonbivo. Wribing abcub nuisances wo would ubtor a warning for what ib is worth. Tlio farmers in this district linvo for somo bimo pnsb sufforod from the introduction of vnriaus pests, suoh ns nut grass, sida rotusa, or ironweed, banes, all of whioh soom to find congoninl surrouudlngs. Thoso things inore,iso wibh remurkablo rapidity, nnd soon over run tho plnco, Ab prosnnb owing to bho haros ib is nexb to imposslblo to grow nny vogotablo, nnd soon farmers will bo forood to wiro not thoir holdings— nn ndditlonal exponso whioh fow will bo able to afford, Now wo are promised nn extra trouble whioh will prove as groat a nuisance as tho obhor if nob ohoaked. Sparrows havo mado tholr appuarnnoo. Thoy are, ns is woll known, vory dostruoblvo bo frulb oto, Thoy inorenso remarkably qulok, for thoy breed throe or four times yearly, nnd hnvo from four to six young onoB at a timo. It is nob diflloult to boo that in n vory -thorb bimo thoro will bo immonso numbora in tho district, nnd no doubt vignorons, ns woll ns other frutt growors, will suffer, Ab proseut thoro are not many of thorn, so n systomatlo plan of destroying them would soon blob thom out of oxlsfcenco hero, and residents .vill thus bo ablo to avoid wh(it would obherwiBO prove a griovo'us buvdon. If wo havo citused annoyanco to tho bridgo workora by our remarks about tho so called ghost wo humbly apologise. Tho prnotice of frightening pooplo is foolish, dangerous, and deserving of censure. Ilonoo our reason in calling attention to what seutna a small mattor. Tho so oallad ghost was certainly suon by reputable witnesses in tho vicinity of tho bridgo aainp, and bho natural iufornnoo was that oiblior tho workers bhoro waro having a Ubtlo joko on their own aaaount, or olso somo ono iu tho vlllngo was trying to frighten thom, In cibhor case it was mosb reprehensible, nnd wo aro glad to soo bho ropudlnblon by P, Ferry, Ijunr, Grasford, Dooomber 4th , 180G, 