THE SKETCHER. THE DEEMING MURDERS IN ENGLAND HOW THEY WERE DISCOVERED. A TRUE DETECTIVE STORY. We take the following very interesting article from the Argus of August 17, with the explanation that the enquiries referred to were made by the joint telegraphic agents of the Argus, Sydney Morning Herald, and South Australian Register, and of the weekly journals connected with those papers including the Adelaide Observer, and that the interviews and other information about the Deeming cases appeared in the daily papers mentioned simultaneously.] It was bitterly cold in the city on the 9th of March, 1892, and tiny stalactites of slowly thawing ice hung from the heavy moustache of a strongly built man who had just come in from the street outside and was resting his elbows on the mahogany writing-table of one of the largest dealers in dairy produce in London. The dealer and his visitor talked in rapid confidential tones upon business matters, upon the prices and qualities and grades of butter, upon the state of the market, cargoes and methods of packing, the present glut and the future prospects of Danish, Normandy, and Australian sorts. Cling-a-ling-a-ling went an electric bell across the passage, and in a moment or two a well-drilled office-boy knocked at the door, and, addressing the latest comer, said, "You're wanted at the telephone, Sir." The stoutly built man stepped across to the telephone, and raised the receiver to his ear, "Hullo, there. Is that you, Lowe ?" came a voice out of nowhere, disentangling itself with difficulty from the confused current of interwoven noises that crossed each other on the tingling wires." "Yes. Who's speaking?" "Townend, at the Argot office. Look here, I want to see you as soon as possible. There's a big murder case on in Australia, and we've just got a cable from the office in Melbourne.; instructing us to make enquiries at this end. Be as sharp as you can." Mr. Samuel Lowe, member of the London staff of the Argus, dropped the instrument, hastily apologised to the merchant, and went down the office staircase three steps at a time. Commerce absorbs a large amount of the average pressman's time and attention, but it sinks into insignificance in the presence of — Crime. A quarter of an hour later Mr. Lowe and Mr. Townend were staring intently at the sheet of paper lying on the table before them. The cable message from Melbourne read simply, "Inquire Sootland-yard, Williams' murder. Send portraits. Interview mother." Mr. Townend looked at Mr. Lowe inter- rogatively. Mr. Lowe looked at Mr.Town- end affirmatively. "All right,"he aid, "I'll look after it." The Bow-street officials were polite but un- satisfactory. They had never heard of a murder in Australia in which a person of the name of Williams was concerned. It was as though one had asked them for details about a man named Smith wanted for a forgery com- mitted on the shores of Baffin's Bay. A close examination of newspaper files at the Central News Agency failed to disclose any accounts of the murder mentioned in the cable mes- sage, and two hours had passed without the faintest gleam of light being shed upon the occurrence. "Scotland-yard, cabby;" shouted the stoutly built man through the aperture in the roof of the hansom, and sat back in the seat to think hard, as the experienced London cab- horse skated over the slippery wood-blocks of the Strand, heading for the mysterious building in which the highest detective acumen of England daily gathers up the clues of information that come rolling in from every quarter of the globe. So busy, indeed, were the autocrats of the metropolitan police and the Detective Department that they could not even see Mr. Lowe when he sent his name in by the German manservant. If Mr. Lowe de- sired any information he must be kind enough to forward his request by letter. This seemed a little discourteous on the part of Superin- tendent Shore and Superintendent Anderson, but the occupant of the hansom cab had still another string to his bow, and as the cab- horse skated back into the city Mr. Lowe again devoted himself to an accomplishment which is, unfortunately, growing somewhat rare — that of thinking. As a result of his cogitations the cabhorse was pulled on to his haunches in front of a red lamp, and Mr. Lowe lost no time in explaining the position to an old acquaintance of his — the police official in charge. " I fancy this is what you want," said the officer, with a smile, as he spread the "infor- mation-sheet" for that very day on the desk before him, and pointed to entry No. 44, which contained a full description of Albert Williams, wanted for wife murder, at Mel- bourne, on Christmas Eve, 1891. The entry set forth that Williams spoke with a Lanca- shire accent, and stayed formerly at Rainhill, It was signed by Superintendent Shore. Mr. Lowe devoured that information-sheet with the hearty appetite of one who has been subjected to semi-starvation for some time past. He committed the entry to memory verbatim by reading it over carefully two or three time, a knack which is always useful to a journalist. M. Blowitz, the Paris corre- spondent of the Times, proved its value when he learned off the terms of peace at the close of the Franco-German War in one reading, and telegraphed them in extenso to his paper. Only M. Blowitz was dealing with murder on the grand scale — the murder that is com mitted with grape and shrapnel and bayonets at the charge. When Mr. Lowe returned to Scotland Yard after a hurried visit to the Argus Office in Fleet-street, he had a letter from Mr. Townend to Superintendent Shore requesting informa- tion in his pocket, and he had the information itself up his sleeve. Warned by his previous experience he omitted the formality of sending in his card, and running up a flight of stone steps and along a passage entered Superin- tendent Shore's private room and introduced himself in person. The Superintendent eyed him coldly and read the letter asking for par- ticulars as to the murder and for the address of "Mrs. Williams" in Liverpool. "I know nothing at all about it,"said the Superintendent in the measured tones of a man who has learnt by long experience to be economical in administering his stock of veracity, "and moreover," he added with engaging frankness, "if I did know I should not tell you." Mr. Lowe leaned across the table with a queer smile, and looked straight into the Superintendent's eyes. "As you know nothing about the matter," he said, " perhaps you will allow me to enlighten you. Albert Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on Christmas Eve." He formerly stayed at Rain- hill. He speaks with a strong Lancashire accent, and there is a detailpd description of him published as the forty-fourth entry in nation 1 ij&bfeu;!£**£.:*,• , ltvsprangtohisfeel,. ;■>■=•■ v.- ■»—- thaii jretfr-dibla; shall jm 3 f-ffflienusaed^^^ *' * &*t'A V- ^Wr^rii v-■■.." Don't yon think that yon hodbetterflnd ; vhim first, repliedthe other, with jasi the suspioibn of asneer/Vand yon.may, -when yoahave got him, tbatheis riot under! yonr ' authority.--- Thebity polioo* aad'the;] mstrOpblitinnahstabulsry sire.yery different bodies, as! you -know/' ^Few teen would ] attempt tobloff a Scotland Yard Superinten dent inhisetro milieu, hot Mr, Lowetriedit j on lorthe sake of the friendlypolioe-offlosr J who bad shown him the information sheet; i Thebluff oame off and the king of blubs Was i safe, bat the Superintendent never knew that.] itwaBtbe only card in his opponent's band. > V *' I tm going . to Liverpool .to-night," Mr. ' Lowerem&rked;, as he buttoned hie overcoat, ? *' to follow tbie thing up." • -.X--" "We shall be delighted to bear of yonr'l discoveries,"BBid the Superintendent, saroas-' tioally. "Byrthe-wayi when you get.-to] Liverpool .yon might call on Inspector Williams—he is in charge there—and tell him j that his brother hat committed , a murder in 1 Australia, He will be eo pleased to see yon." I "Thanks forthe hint,"rejoined the press-1 man. "I shall certainly ball OH' Inspector Williams. ■ 1- shall tell him that 1 do «o at J your request, and that I am instructed by the Scotland Yard""snthoritie» to tarnish them with any information that I may gather. Your recommendation will no- doubt be of j great servioo to me." And he bowed himself bnt,leaving Superintendent Shore fully three inohes smaller in stature than he had been ] before the commencement of thtintervlew. " Where the denoe is Rainhill?" asked Mr. Lowe, anxiously, in the office afterwards. "Rainhill," replied Mr. Townend, oracu larly, emerging from adustyfileof the- Eicrr pool fost, "appears to be a lunatic asylum j ten miles out of Liverpool, but you had better hurry up or you will miss the express," "Tt seems to be father a wild-goose chase, doesn't itV said Mr. Lowe. • ■ Mr. Townend looked at him etraight. "It'# the biggest wild-goose ohase a man was I avaf npnti nn. hft-ttaid. 4(bnti wd have oar in* i ever sent on,'rbesaid,"" but we have our in struotions, and we must carry them out." j Then he turned out hie pookets, and produoed | a oouple of sovereigns and 4s. 3d. in silver, whioh he handed to Mr. -Lowe, remarking that the Banks were closed, and that he would want some money. The petty oashbox yielded another £10, and with this provision against immediate necessities the amateur detoctive entered the next stage of the enquiry—and a cosy first-class carnage on the 10.5 p.tn. express to Liverpool. Half-past 9 next morning found him at the bead-quarters of the Liverpool Deteotive De partment in Dale-street, and the officer in oharge, though at first suspicions and reti oent, gradually thawed under the influenoe of the strong personal recommendations - from Superintendent Shore, whioh Mr. Lowe pre sented glibly by word of month, addicg with a deft adaptation of the Superintendent's j Bsroasm, that be was commissioned by the I Sootland-yard authorities to furnish them! with all possible information about the murder. Thus it was that be enlisted the assistance of the officer, who, by merely j pressing an electrio button, summoned to the ' joint consultation a constable wbe was well acquainted with Rainhill, and in the space of a tew minutes Mr. Lowe learnt that Rain hill was a township with a population of j about 2,000, that it contained a lunatio j asylum, two ohurohes, and a railway station on the Ihverpool and Manchester line. But the ooustable knew no one there oi the name | of WilliamB. Mr. Lowe ruminated for a few moments, chewing the end of his big moustaohe. "Can you put me on to the looal gossip," he eaid, " the inan or woman who takes an intelligent j interest in other people's business and knows ] all about the births, deaths, and particularly marriages that have taken plaoe in Rainhill for the last twenty years or sol" "There's John Higham," said the constable reflectively ; " he's the looal letter-carrier, and he knows every ooe in the place. Perhaps he might help you." Of course; just the very man, and Mr. Lowe felt that he was close to the haunts of the wild-goose after all. It had been snowing and blowing hard all night, with thunder and lightning, and hurry tug squalls of hail and eleet. In the morning tbeetorm had almost blown itself out, but it | was etill piercingly oold, the air was thiok end opaque, and the half-seen sky was leaden, eo that the day suited well with the j task in hand. It was fisting weather for following up^the death-trail. Every one ] knows that Nature oan aooommodate herself ! to human moods, especially the poet's, and Browning lets the interdependence be I seem very plainly. In " Prospioe," that Alpine storm in verse, cannot one feel the fog in the throat, the mist in the faoe, and the oold blasts that blow about the narrow past where death sits waiting! In the song from "Pippa Passes," on the other hand, or "Home thoughts from abroad,"does not one get life at its brightest in a flood of sunshine ? Listen how " the ohaffinoh singe on the orohard bough." One oan hear the guehing melody right through the poem. But when Mr. Lowe reaohed Rainhill the ] itorm was over, though the eoft, white, newly fallen snow covered the whole township—like a shroud. He diepatohed a lad from the rail way station in eearoh of John Higham, who ! presently appeared wheezing, and opened bis old eyea in astonishment at the tale wbioh the | stranger had to tell of a squatter king who had died in Australia, leaving a fortune of fabulous amount to hie next-of-kin, a person of the name of Williams, formerly of Rainhill. Old Higham knew two ladies of the name of Williams, who were both interviewed at once, and left to their own flustered j anticipations as Boon as Mr. Lowe bad satisfied himself that they oould have no possible connection with the murder. Here the soent was lost temporarily, and be had to oast about patiently to recover it. As be walked down the street with old Higbam there appeared upon the soene young Higham, 1 a stripling of eighteen, who assisted his father with the delivory of the mails. To him the old man unfolded the atory of the fortune whioh .had been left in Australia, and of the efforts whioh were being made to recover the long-lost heir—a luoky individual named Albert Williams. The boy's feature worked in a desperate effort to grasp the thread of some associa tions; and then his eyea took on a new light, glowing with the joy of a great disoaveTy. # "Feyther," he said, speaking in the long, liquid Lancashire draw), "doant 'e moind that theer Williams as ooom'd to Rainhill last 'arrest toime, Mayhap 'e war tha feller. 'Imja married Emmie Mather an' took 'or off to Ghanayf" "Ay, ay, aewerly," the old man responded. nl moind 'im well, ma lad. 'E rented1 Dinhsm Villa from Mrs. Hayea, an' Ben , Young cemented th'a kitohing floor-for'im. Dear, dear, so 'es'ooom'd into a fortin'. I j hailul thowt theer war snthio' qasre wi' I 442 tin; nfoor r'e went - AWay. Ajr, ,thot)i ,'i» j married bypaseon Taielf.an'yo pan seethe stiffkitt if yo loike. But .'ere. comes Joe itfi'Ieoantellyoamoor o' WiUutM than me. JoePiokering,- a etalwartyoiing carpenter, remembered Williams perfectly, end raool leoted doing the woodwork in the soullery ,»b > Dinham Villa when tbe cementing ef the j floors Wis 'being parried out by Ben Young. ; Moreover, tie had lately seen aletter,written , to Mrs. MAlherby -WiUiems from Melbourne, j in'Australia, in whiah.Willietna saidthat j "dear Emily was' .quite■ happy, and in the j i best of health." The letter was dated eome j time in January. „ . There could no longer be an; donhi in Mr. Lowe's mind that he waB oa the right soen't, , and he almost whistled as he remembered that J the unfortunate "dear Emily" was murdered: by the polite letter-writer on Christina* Ere. ; I Higham, senior, in his oapooity_ as parish olerk, soon found the marriage -register in the ] | vestry of the old.Church, and turned up an < entry relating to the marriage of Albert Oliver j ' Williams, bachelor, and Emily Mather,' spinster. A oopyof the entry would cost 3s. 7d,, he remarked, meaningly. Mr. Lowe j handed over the fee, as well as a oouple of half-crowns for the old man's private purse. "You woant want the munny back if it's not! tha roigh tWillums, will 'a?" said the careful, j olerk; and when reassured on the point went j off to oall the " pass on." \- Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs, Piokor ing, were both at home when Mr. Lowe oaUed. . The visitor introduced himself by banding the old lady hie oard. "I represent the Melbourne Argus," he began, " and also (after a short -pause) Sootland Yard. I want to ask you about a Mr. Williams who married your daughter last September." . Is wae wonderful how readily Mrs. Mather talked. She had had tbe letting of Dinham Villa, whioh belonged to Mrs. Hayes, and applicants to view tbe property had to oome | to her for the key. Mr. Williams wished to take the house, and when be came for the key he met Emily. He fell very much in J love with Emily, and almost at onoe proposed marriage. The marriage came off in a very ahort time, and waB celebrated by a dance in Dinham Villa, in the kitchen which had been newly oemented. Certainly some of the neighbours had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but he was a free- handed, well-spoken man, and he had promised her a good home. They were very happy together, and Emily had written eeveral letters home ! einoe they had left. Her last letter was dated from Colombo, but her husband had written from Melbourne. "Now, Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe, "I want to ask you about your daughter." The old lady looked up at him eharply. " I want to know first," she said, " what you are driving at, and I will not say another word until you toll roe." "Mrs. Mather,"said Mr. Lowe, "I have something very painful to say to you. I am going to tell you now about two people, a man and a woman. The man I am positive is Albert Oliver Williams, The woman may be your daughter, or it may bo the woman who, I have ascertained, camo to Raitihill to visit Williams as hie sister, but who, I have reason to believe, was hie wife. Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on last Christmas Eve." Almoet before be had finished speaking Mrs. Mather had fainted, and it was not with out some difficulty that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. Piokering together managed to revive her. Then he-told her all that he knew, weaving ] the tangled scraps of information together into as consistent a whole as possible. But there were still some terrible gaps to be filled up. "Mind you, I do not believe that it is your daughter who has been murdered," said Mr. Lowe, arguing against bis own convictions. I think it is very probable that his real wife, who visited him here at Dinham Villa, fol- j lowed him to Melbourne, and that when she made herself known to him thoro, and re proached him for hie desertion, lie took ber life." ■> It was a plausible hypothesis, and it was of prioelese value just then, for it enabled Mrs. Mather to hope. With her hopeB her etreogth revived, and unlocking an old fashioned secretaire she took out all the letters written by Emily Mather sinoe ber marriage, and also portraits of both the bride end bridegroom. After u little persuasion she banded the letters and portraits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to London and get them copied, reosiving in return an assnranoe that they would be safely guarded and given baok uninjured. "Now, you mast tell no one what I have told you," said Lowe, as he took his leave. " It is absolutely necessary that you preserve tbe etriotest eeoreoy." And the old lady, terrified and full of vague -misgivings, pledged herself to silenoe. When Mr. Lowe took Mb seat in the np ! express for London he had good reason to ] oongratulate himself upon hie day's work. He had suooeeded beyond his most sanguine I anticipations, and he had made his position eeouro by oloBing tbe door completely against subsequent enquirers for information. Nob only had he extracted a promise of silence ; from the one living individual capable of j §iving positive information about the mur erer, but he had swept off all the letters and all the portraits as well—that is to Bay, all the documentary evidence and all the means of identification. After rilling the treasure ohamber he had looked tbe door and left with the key in bis pocket. Next morning the Argue, away on the other side of the globe, published an interview, three-quarters of a column long, with the mother of the hapless Lancashire girl whose remains had been dug up a few days before from the oemeuted grave in the house at Windsor. It was the first of a series of per haps tbe.mosb remarkable coups ever known in the history of Australian journaliem. Baokwarda and forwards between London and Liverpool went the restless Mr. Lowe, oollecting and pieoing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the tangled etroDds of inference, all the stray fibres of circumstantial j and direct evidence, until he bad made a rope that was strong enough to hang a man. And yet he was only at the commencement of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister, or, more probably, the wife of Williams, who had visited him at Rainhill with her four children, kept on intruding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset his cal- culations. It was odd that, in spite of all his efforts, he could find no trace of her where- abouts. She and her four children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to be laid j until they were avenged. Aa this last thought struck him Mr. Lowe lifted his hand to his forehead and found it wet. He was sweating from sheer excitement. A vague idea came to him, stayed with him, and finally possessed him. He hurried from London to Rainhill once more, and hunted out Ben Young, the man who had cemented the floors of the kitchen and scullery in Dinham Villa under instructions from Williams. "Where did you get the cement from, Ben?" was the first eager question. "It wur in the cooch 'ouse," said Ben. "To the coachhouse accordingly they went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels which had evidently contained cement. "Did you use all the cement out of the three barrels?"asked Mr. Lowe. "Naw," said Ben Young. "How much did you use, then? For Heaven's sake, hurry-up, my good man. It's a matter of life and death." Ben Young collected his thoughts delibe- rately. . "A laaid doon the stoof oot o' two o' they barls," he replied, with jrritating slow- ness. "A knew nowt aboot this 'ere other wonn. It wur empty afoor a gat tha job." "Empty before you got the job,': echoed Mr. Lowe, with the ring of strengthening conviction in his voioe. "Then what became of the cement from that barrel?" The village plasterer wagged his head slowly from side to aide, but never a word spake he. Mr. Lowe might as well have asked him what had become of the snows of yester-year. The great light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain, illuminating all that was black a moment before, and silhouetting in the sharpest outlines objects which up to that moment had been wrapped in darkness. When the line- of-battle-ship shows her mighty search-light every detail of the torpedo-boat stands revealed, painted in black upon a disc of blinding white. "Where the missing barrel of cement is there I shall find the missing woman alsso," said Mr. Lowe, half to himself, and darted off to submit his ideas to Sergeant Chipchase, the local constable, with whom he at once con- cluded an offensive and defensive alliance against the outside world. Sergeant Chip- chase laid the facts before the Diatriot Superin- tendent, an official named Kelly, and the digging then began in Dinham Villa under Mr. Lowe's direction, a digging the result of which most gruesomely verified the calculations which that far-sighted individual had worked out. And so it was that this Childe Roland to his Dark Tower came. Four sweating constables armed with pick- axes carried out this strange exhumation. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they came upon the cement from the third barrel, and in the cement they came [upon] the bodies of a woman and four children. The woman and three of the children had their throats cut from ear to ear, and the fourth child had been strangled with a piece of clothes-line, which was still round its neck. Mr. Lowe had an unusually interesting cable message to send to the Argus in Mel- bourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which he received his first instructions he sent a complete report of the murders which he had been mainly instru- mental in discovering, and with which all England was ringing some hours later. When the story of the Rainhill murders was published in the Argus alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning, Albert Oliver Williams, alias Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on his way from Southern Cross in custody. If the Windsor charge broke down, the Rainhill case would hang him safely enough. "Ah! Mr. Lowe, glad to see you," said Superintendent Shore next day, stretching out his hand cordially to his visitor. "Let me congratulate you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been done in England for many years." 