Divine Comfort. BY LATE REV. C. H. SPURGEON. Are the consolations of God small with thee? Is there any secret thing with thee!—Job XV.11. The meaning of the two questions asked in the text, and their exact appropriateness to ourselves, will be found by asking four other questions. This is a matter of great import- ance ; for if, as Christian people, we are living near to God, our happiness, our " consolation,'' cannot be small, but of very great comfort. In trouble, our consolation will be sufficient and sweet, for we are commanded to "rejoice in the Lord always," and it is our duty and privilege to be of good cheer. If we are not so, there is a reason for it. Let us use the text as a candle, and try and find out the reason. "Are the consolations, of God small with thee? Is there any secret thing with thee ?" 1\. Now, the first question grows out of the true meaning of the text, according to the revised version: Do you regard the consolations of God as small ? Do you consider the com- forts of faith as insignificant? Are the joys of religion and the consolations of God too small for thee? If so, friend, I would ask you first, if you have taken up the old and very common notion that religion is intended to make people miserable, and that religion cannot exist save in despondency and fear, and is not consistent with anything higher. Permit me to warn you that in this case "common fame is a com- mon liar," and common failure will surely be the result. Some of us can assure you that the "consolations of God are not small," and the joys of religion by no means meagre. Do not let groundless prejudice prompt yon to refuse the dainties of God, but taste and see whether they will not prove sweeter than honey. Will you for a minute consider a little as to what these consolations are. Notice they are "the consolations of God." If God Himself deigns to comfort men, will He not greatly sheer them? God can give us every comfort, and of the kind which man cannot give. Christ Himself knowing human sorrow by the deepest personal experience of it, stoops to soothe it. In that He Him- self was no stranger to it, He is able to succour all who have to bear it. The consola- tions spoken of are applied by the Spirit of God; and to show how earnestly. He performs His work, He has taken the name of "Com- forter." And great indeed is the comfort of the Holy Ghost as His work is carried on in the human heart. Can it be that he should deign to give His supreme wisdom and skill to the comfort of His people, and yet the comfort be small? Think not so, I pray you. Again, observe that the Lord Jesus Himself is the substance of these consolations; and can a man have Christ for his portion and yet be poor? Can a man hare Jesus for his joy and yet be weighed down with sadness ? I cannot for a moment dream of such a thing. For is not His name the source of all comfort? Then, notice again that these consolations of God go to the root of every sorrow. Sorrow, we know, is the bitter fruit of sin. Those thorns and thistles that cause our souls to bleed now and again, are not the fruits of the earth as God created it. Eden with its garden fruit has gone, and in its place there is a world of sin—and now the consolations of God are for our battles with sin. God Himself tells us this. But He tells us also that Jesus Christ, by His atoning death on the cross, has put away sin, so that the fruit of the fall appears as though it had never been. We have sorrow now for sin, but the sorrow may be taken away by faith in the Son of God. Sin in the heart, always causes sorrow, and until we accept salvation we are unhappy, and most be so. It is by the new heart and right spirit, and power which He bestows, that we can enter, conquer, destroy, and anni- hilate the reigning "power of sin. This is our consolation, the comfort that takes away the guilt and power of sin. Oh! dream not that it can be small—this principal consolation, of the numerous comforts of God. 2\. The second question will come home to many Christians: Have these consolations been small in their effect upon you ? Though great in themselves, has their influence upon you been small? Let the revelation of their great- ness come now as a cheering light in the darkness. It is true you have sorrow meeting you at various points on the road of life, you have lost a child, perhaps; and dark would he the fact if it stood alone; but there is the resurrection. You will die yourself, but you will rise again from the dust. Your spirit quivers as you think of this, but that is only when you do so by yourself alone—apart from Christ. You have lost your property, but here are all things in Christ Jesus—all things: houses and lands, and in the world to come everlasting life, where no thief approacheth and no rust corrupteth. Rejoice, therefore, and be glad, for the consolations of the covenant of the Cross of Christ are that our light afflictions, which are but for a moment, are not worthy to be compared with the glory that is coming. And even those "light afflictions work out for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory." One consolation I may mention which should tend greatly to sustain you—you are on your journey home, and nearer there, perhaps, than you think. When you get there, you will soon forget all the sorrows of the way. One hour of glory will make up for all the pain, illness, sorrows and troubles endured here, and even for a life time of such light afflictions. Oh! sirs, we have the best of it! 3\. Our third question is this: Since the con- solations of God seem so small to you, have you anything better to put in their place? Per- haps this is what Eliphaz meant when he said, "Is there any secret thing with thee?" He seemed to say to Job, "We cannot tell you anything; you will not hear us. Have you some wonderful discovery of your own, some secret cordial, some unknown joy, that will help you?" Let me ask you a similar question. If the blessed Gospel of Christ fail yon, whither will you go? Have you found out a new religion with brighter hopes ? I don't think you have. I have been informed by those who know something about the new religion of "modern thought." that it will be a long time before it will assume any definite shape. It has already assumed so many shapes as to have no shape at all at last. While the grass is growing the steed is starv- ing. I advise you to keep the loaf your fathers fed on. New bread is always indigestible. I shall keep to the old bread without any arsenic of doubt in it, and keep to the old manna till I cross the river and eat the corn of Canaan. Are you hoping to find comfort in the world? Some of you may be saying, if you could only pass that examination for which you have been working so hard; if you could only save so much money, you would be happy. Did you ever read a little book called the "Mirage of Life," published by the Tract Society, in which this state of mind is dealt with? It ought to convince anyone of the non- satisfac- tion to be found in the greatest worldly suc- cess. The richest men have often been the most miserable. One of our richest men once said, "I suppose you fancy I am happy, because I happen to be rich. Why, I often, in the course of a year, get three or four threats to shoot me unless I send £100 to certain persons; and do you think I am happy?" To hope to find happiness without Christ, is to make the greatest mistake of life. 4\. Here comes the last and most practical question of all If these consolations have been small in their effect upon you, and yet you have nothing better to put in their place, do you not think there is a cause for your failure? Let us try to find it out. You desire to be a Christian, and yet cannot rejoice in God. Is it not because of some sin indulged? A child of God may go on for years with a sin unwittingly, and all the time that sin will be causing a leakage in his joy. Examine your self in the light of the Word. You cannot be wrong in living up to the Word. Investigate your life by the laws of Scripture, and you will find that you have made some trifling excuse for your sin. When this Achan is out away, you will be surprised to see what joy will come into your soul. We are not saved by oar own works; but if a Christian neglects to work he will find it affects his creed. There are many Christians who never get into the dear light of full assurance because they do not obey their conscience upon every point. Do not quarrel with conscience; if you have a clear conscience you will not be likely to quarrel with it. Go contrary to conscience, and there is the trouble inside that will mar your happi- ness. Have you ever considered the misery bound up in the omission of duty, and the train of sins which will follow in the wake of one neglected duty? How often omis- sion creates a sin, and that sin another, and so on. You cannot tell the end thereof. As often as it plunges you into sin, it encourages to go a little farther in the waste pasture. Get it out, friend! it will be much safer travelling. There may be some ido in your heart, some image you like better than the face of God. Husband, child, friend, or perhaps the pursuit of honour or wealth. 0 let your prayer be— "The dearest idol I have known, Whate'er that idol be, Help me to tear it from its throne, And worship only Thee." If you do not get consolation of God, then you do not love him sufficiently. Oh, I wish we could live nearer to God! We turn to "secrets," and busy ourselves about forms, while, if we are cold, it is because we do not get near the sun. We say how cold we are, although there is a fire by which we can be warmed and comforted. I pray that the Sun of Righteousness may have abso- lute sway over all our hearts. Hope in God, and you shall yet praise Him. Get more of God, and we shall hear less of your sorrow and more of your comfort. I have known a child of God so happy and useful that he got a good deal of pity from the big brethren who could not endure a life so full of love as that, preferring to be filled with their doubts and fears. God does not like that. He will not have you sneer at the feeble. Another reason why you find the consolations of God "small" is that you will not be humble. Take the lower place. If you will lift yourself up, God will surely cast you down. 