THE LIME-KILN CLUB. 'If Brudder Trustee Pullback am in de hall dis eavenin' 1 should like him to step. for'd,' said Brother Gardner as the regular business of the meeting was concluded. Brother Pullback had justcrowded in between the stove and the wood-box to peel and eat an onion he bad brought along to stay his stomach with, and it was with considerable hesitation that he make his appearance. 'Brudder Pullback,' continued the president of the Lime-Kiln Club, ' on de way home from the church last 'Sunday yo' declar'd to Brudder Pickles Smith dat yo' didn't dun believe de whale swallered Joner.' 'Y.yes, sah.' 'Dat same eavenin,' when Elder Toots cum ober to yo'i" cabin, yo' told him yo' didn't dun believe dar was any whale around at de time.' '1 was jest talking,' sahi.' 'Next day, yo' iiet Brudder Samuel Shin, yo' dun said yo' didn't believe dar was anlly sich pueson as Joner.' 'Dad was only argytent, shh.' 'Brudder Pullback,' 'continued the president, as lie grew more earliest,' yo' had sot right yore an' heard me read de bylaw agin religus discushuns. Yo' has seen members fined an' sus pended bekase dey broke de bylaws. Yo' am one of de oldest members, an' yit yo' walk ober de rules an' regul eashuns as if dry war straws on do airtih Fustly, why) didn't de whale swaller Jonert Answer me dat!' '1 dunno, sah.' 'Secondly, why wasn't de whale around when Joner was frowed into de seal' 'Dunno.' *Thirdly, why wasn't dar a pusson named Joner, jist de same as dar' am a pusson named Pullback 1' * Dutlno' 'Brudder Pullback, I has met up wid jest sick pig-headed pussons as yo' am befo I Yo' believe in ghosts, but yo' doan' believe in de whale. Yo' believe in dreams but vo' doan' believe in Joner. If somebody dun told yo' data house blowed down in Chicago yo'd take it fur gospel troof, but when de bible tells yo' 'bout Joner yo' declar' it's a yarn. Bekase yo' wasn't right dar' an' seed it wid yo'r own eyes yo' argy dat it couldn't hey happened.' 1I wasn't in airnest, sah,' humbly protested Pullback. Den so much de wuss for yo' ! De man who starts an argyment fur de sake of listenin to his own gab libs next doah to a fule! Hev yo' searched de records an' failed to find dat dar' was sich a pusson as Joner 1' 'No, ash.' 'Hev' yo' looked up de whalin' bizuess an' failed to diskiver dat dar was a whale on hand at de proper time an' place 1' 'No, sah.' 'I thought not! Hev yo' got any proofs lyin' around de house dat de bible ain't true l' ' No, sail.' ' Den how does it happen dat yo' am steppin' high wid yo'r lhat on yo'r ear an' declarin' dat yo' doan't believe in dese stories I' Brother Pullback wdis silent. 'I hav ia few mo' words to say to yo,' sahi !' continued the president as he ap proached the edge of the platform. ' De quickest way to let yo'r feller-men know dat yo' am a fule is to argy on a mattah yo'r feller men know dat yo' am a fule is to argy cu a mattah yo' doan' know nuffin' 'bout. Yo' may believe in the hull bible, in h lf of itor in nore of it 'tall, but yo' must gin odder folks de same show. Dar' may be sunthin' powerful wrong 'bout Dan'l in de lion's den, de passage of the Red Sea an' do whale dat followed Joner, but it looks mighty quare dat it should be left toea hum-backed, knee sprung ole man like yo' to rind it all out. Yo' am de pusson, I believe, who took Brodder Watkins out behind a lumber-pile an' shook yo'r fist in his face hakese heli said h believed dat Adam was seben feet higlil' flow did lie know 'bout I asked Brother Pullback, 'An' how did you know'bout it I Yo' said Adam was e~lght feet high, an' he said seben, iar' imi no figg-rs to be had as to Adam's heighr, weight or how fur lie could jump. BLaf of vo' jest,guessed at lia tallness, an' Brudder Watkins was as lible to be right as yo' was. It wasn't ober fo' weeks ago dat yo' was gwin to thump Brudder Johnston at his ow, g'ate of a Sunday eavenin' bakase hlie differed wid yo'*bout Noah's ark. Yo' said it was painted red an' he said it was blue, an' yo' reached out fur his neck. Wharabouts did yo' find out de color of de ark i In what part of de Bible did yo' strikede redness of it?' Brother Pullback hung his head and scraped the floor with his foot, and the president raised his voice a note higher as he continued: 'Go an' sitdown, Brudder Pullback I I'ze gwin to continue yo'r case fur another week or two ! At de next mneetin' mnebbe yo'll cum around an' tell us dat yo' has concluded dar' was a Joner an' a whale, an' dat ye' feel a heap better to git it off yo'r mind. If yo' doan' do so den we'll know dat yo' hevrdecided to resign from dis Lime Kiln Club an' jine wid de Ancient Order of Disbelievers,' an' we'll bid yo' good-bye an' let yo' go ! Let us now blow out de lights an' perambulute to our homes.' 