ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY: ANNUAL MEETING. The sixteenth annual general meeting of the New South Wales Zoological Society was held yesterday afternoon at Aarons' Exchange Hotel The lion It. H D White SILO, pros dod Ha Bud that since last annual meeting he i regretted to say they had lost their patron Sir Robert V Buff, by death That of went v, OR one of the most painful calamities that had ever occurred in this colony. He was quite sure they would all agree with him that they should send a letter of condolence to Lady Duff Mr John Keep proposed. j. hat a lot*erofcon defence has sent to Lady Duff, sympathising with her and her friend) in their bereavement, and conveying to her the expression of regret at the loss this BOY oil has sustained in the death of its patron Mr James Barnet seconded the motion, which was carried in a Jil more ly The report and balance-sheet were taken as read The report showed that the receipts were Rates, elephant, So , amounted to £1010 JS fll, Showing an increase of ii 10 In d over the preceding } cir TIIP total receipts for the year including the Government grant, reached £2012 8s 8d, and the expenditure £500 OF Id, leaving a debit balance of £103 Ila '14, as compared with a debit balance of £301 12s 6d in the previous year The number of visitors during IbOi reached 88,018. ly as an increase of " > ii over the year 1913 The Chairman proposed the adoption of the report, and Mr John Keep, in seconding, said that the amount of the Government subsidy was wholly 21 adequate, and BROS me My a drop in the bucket, and unless the Government gave the society more assistance it must collapse The Melbourne society received £5000 from the Victorian Government, even in its present depressed state and he hoped the Government here would see its way to increase the grant to £1000 Mr Charles Moore, as the oldest member of the society, s and he believed it a mad be a public alarming ifthöpocictv were allowed to fall through It was a public Institution to all intents and purposes, and the public regarded it as such Not one for thing of its revenue had ever been spent except for the society He believed that if they asked for reason able Bimi they would got it The chairman remarked that he had travelled nearly all over the world, and every where zoological gardens were well supported, because it was considered that they formed part of the education of the children, and in this colony, where such an immense sum was spent on education, he considered that this part of education ought not to be neglected Some stir should be made to induce Parliament to vote a sum that would enable the 500 to be carried on in a proper manner. The motion was carried The election or ofhec-hearar* then took place, with the following results -Port 91 lent, Sir Henry Parkes , vice-presidents, R L Tooth, b Burdekin, Charles Moore. riS.CMZS.RHD White, MLC, council of management, James Barnet, William Apremont, W Coles, Captain R 0 Ghost, John Keep, James Inglis Alfred Harcourt, John Pope, W. A B Greaves, Dr William Morn- , honorary treasurer, John Keep A vote of thanks to the chairman was carried by acclamation, and the meeting closed. A 