MORBID 'PARTS' AND THEIR PERFORMANCE. Another correspondent writes: It is a well-known . fact- in theatrical circles that the study of a heavy part exer cises a great depression on the stu dent. That is, of course, if the actor genuinely enters into the spirit of his study. -. A succession of such parts will make a man gloomy, morose, sulky. Leading heavy actors have told me more than once that if their steady study of villain parts were not ; broken now and then by a comedy , character they would 'be afraid of be coming inmates of a madhouse. Such parts have exactly the same effect on the brain as opium, chloral, and other like drugs; they demoralise and weaken it. Said a prominent actor to me on Sunday night, when the news of the Dacre tragedy was first circulated: 'When I was first given a round of heavy parts I thought I should have gone mad. I became iU tempered, cranky, ill, at war with myself and my neighbors. Of a night I saw ghosts and spooks; of a day time I became irritable and vicious. My brain became regularly unhinged.' Two other professionals standing by said almost the same thing. We have also the fate of Phil. Beck ever before us as proof of these state ments. Beck seldom, if ever, appear ed behind, the footlights in any but such devilish, Svengeli-ish characters as the villain in 'The Mystery of a Hansom Cab' and 'Madame Midas.' And wihat was the consequence? He became a madman — no one who knew the dear fellow will say otherwise — and the heat of the Red Sea drove Mm to suicide. Ordinarily one of the best of men, he was never, in his later years, really happy, and every now and then he would break out and be come little less than a raging luna tic Seldom, however,, is the sequel to this collapse of brain, so sad as in the cases of Beck and Dacre. Those men who had the privilege of knowing poor Dacre-r-and I was one of them— were aware of his at times eccentric manner. Sometimes, tqir a day or' two at a time, he would have 'a fit of the blues,' and declare his disbelief j In everything. Those ? phases of mind, however, when once by, were forgotten in the brightness and sparkle of his ordinary disposition. This en passant. A comedian, In spite of the licensed humorist's assertion to the contrary, is never noted for glumness when off the stage. He either is quiet and un assuming, or is of a boisterous, roy stering, happy-go-lucky humor. He never goes around with sour face, eeowjjng at^brightness and jollity. On the other hand, it seems to come na tural to jsoine 'heavy' men to prowl the (streets seemingly at crosspur poses with all mankind. , ''If I had my desire,' remarked a well-known 'pro' in the course of- a recent con.vensa'taon, 'I should never again undertake a heavy part. . Un fortunately, I am noted for my act ing in that line, and cannot get out of the groove if I could.' Said another: 'Comedy for me be fore all else. I tackled the sneaking usher in 'School' once — that was quite enough for me. I was ill for a month afterwards.' Not only have villain parts the effect described. Characters such as Mat thias in 'The Bells,' Hamlet, the Dean in 'The Silence of Dean Mait land,' and many other such produce exactly similar results. They act de gressively on the mind, the intellect, until in the end softening of the brain is a likely sequel. Irving, it is ssyd, during the run of any parti cularj^tece, is, day and night, the character he L-? playing, only in his case there is the brain of a genius to support the strain attendant on the study. Were there more Irvings on the stage the melancholy and depres sion described would pi'obably not be. 