THE SEVENTH STEP. (CONTINUED.) 1 ■ -auMborenaea did not sifc-*he Was far too touch excited. She stood hear the door of her Jttte cabin. " Did you really hear the eottlofaliand break, yesterday morning ?” t j-ri. a ,noiSB which, might bo ac Counted tor m that way,” I answered. ! .. r , yo5i ht,ar mT footsteps2” . A heard footsteps." H^ga^ 8ai4 that you- knew-—I Wrong "ed~I eat?^atly 'rU8ted that-aho *«t Ho,f ,could she possibly tell ?” I replied. aj” 'm5? ter °u tho stairs coming towards cabin. I certainly said nothing-how ' Wilted f” h€C t0 *ead secret “•St was quite possible. She saw the Knowledge in your eyes ; she gave yon one guJnce—that was sufficient. Oh:! I hoped was mistaken.” .^'•“Mine isnota teil-talefsne,” Iaaid. £s.“Not te most people, but it is to her. You don’t know her. . She is the most ■wonderful, extraordinary woman that ever , Sfcathed..-Slm can road people through atandbehind you -".•7 . and knew-when youreyoklpjt and your lips ■mile. Herknowledguis terrible. She~tSfhr ■Umost-see through, stone walls. I told you tost ni^ ht that I:dreacted her—d do more than tout—£ fear her terribly—she makes my life ; a daily purgatory!” ' l': ."‘feit down,” I -said, in a ^oice which I TOaSc on purpose bofh''coldhnd stern ; " if is bad for yom.'to excite yourself in this If you dislike Sister Hagar,. why is shevyonr nurse1? 'Ip-short, what can be vour jcecibie motive for going through this extra ordinary act •of-deception? Are you not aware that . yon are acting in a most reprehensible^manner? Why do you wish the passengers, of the Ariadne to sup $“8B you to be paralysed, when ' you are in tSSality in perfect health ? ” 1 “ In pecfeat heilth ? ” she ’ repeated, with fa shudder. “ Yes, I am doubtless in perfect nodily health, but I am in—oh, in snoh Sitter anguish of soul.” V. ' “ What do you mean?” .?. • • ” I can no'more tell you that than I c?.n tell you why I am in Sister Hagar’s power. Tray forget my wild words. I know you think badlyof me, but jTour feelings would be changed to profound pity if you conld guess the truth. Now listen to me—I have only a mome.Et'or two left, for Sister 11 agar will be back Rtmost directly. She found out yester day that you had guessed my secret. I hoped that this was not the case, but, as nsoB.1, she was right and I was wrong. The moment my eyes met yours,.when I first came on deck, I thought it likely that you might \- see through my deception. Sister Hagar also feared that such, would bo the case. It was on that account that I avoided ‘speaking to ywu, and also that I remained so silent and apparently uninterested in evervone when I went on desk. I. naked for this interview yesterday for the express purpose of finding out- whether you really knew about the deception which I was practising on every one on board. If I discovered that you had pierced through my disguise, there was nOitr.ng for it but for me to throw myself on your mercy. Now you know why I was «o desirous of seeing you without . Mr Curwen." ■ “I understand,” I answered. “The whole matter ib most strange, wrong, and incomprehensible. Before I leave you, may 1 ask what motive influences you ? Ther must be some secret reason for such deoepdo Ms you practice.” Miss Sorensen colored, and for the firs time since she began to make her confession her voice grow weak and faltering—her eye took a shitty glance, and refused to mee mine. “ The motive may seem slight enough t . yon,’’she said ; “ but to me it is, and was ' — ontBuiently powerful to makemo go throngl with this sham. My homo ib not a happ; •one ; I have a step-mother who treats m" cruelly. I longed to get away from homt and to see something of life. My father’i brother. Professor Sorensen, of St. Petersburg is. a very celebrated Court physician—mi father is proud of him, and hasoften men \- tioned his name and .the luxurious palace ii winch ha lives. I have never met-him, but! took a curious longing to pay him n visit and thought of this way of obtaining m; desires. Professor Sorensen has made i -special study of nervous diseases Buch a paralysis. Sister Hagar and I talked th matter over, and I resolved to feign thi disease in order to get away from home am to pay my unole a visit. All went well with out hitch of any sort until yesterday morn apg.” “Bnt it is impossible for you to suppose, 3 said, "chat yon can take in a specialist lik Professor Sorensen.” * ‘I don’t mean to try—he’ll forgive me whei 3 tell him the truth, and throw myself on hi mercy.” “And is Sister Hagar a real nurse? ’*. «iked, after a pause. “No, but she has studied the part a.'littls and-is far too clever to commit herself.” Miss Sorensen’s face was no longer pale a rich color flamed in her oheeks,' her eye blazed—she looked wonderfully handsome “ And now that you have confided in me, 3 said, “ what do you expect me to do witl my knowledge ?” “ To respect my secret, and to keep it ab solntely and strictly to yourself.” . “ That is impossible—I cannot deceiv Car wen.” “ You must—you shall. Why should tw —two be sacrificed. And he (is so - young and he knows nothing now—nothing. Oh do have meroy on him. Oh, my God, wha wild words am I saying? What must you thinl ofme?” She pansod abruptly, her blazing eyes wer fixed on my face. “What must you think of me ?” she re jeated. “That you are in a very excitable and over ■brained condition, and perhaps not quiti ■ answerable for your actions,” I replied. “ Yes, yes,” she continued; “I am over strained—over-anxious—not quite account able—yea—that is it—that is it—bntyoawil not tell Mr Curwen—Oh, be'merciful to me Ibeg of you.’ Weshall soon reach St Peters burg. Wait, at least, until we get, then before yeu tell him—promise me that. Tel him then if you like—tell, all the warWthei if yon choose to do so, bnt respect my: score until we reach Hnwia.” : ‘^Ae Miss'Sbfensen spoke she laid: her. ham on my arm—she looked at me -with a paisioi whioh seemed absolutely inadequate to’;he wery poor reason for going through this ex traordinary deception. • - " 5 “Promise me,”.she eaid; “ there’s Siflte: Agar’s knock at the door—lets l?er in-r-bu -promise me first.” » .; uj; : “I will think the whole case ■ over care Jolly before I speak to afcyone: about it," ; replied. I threw' the door open as X spok and went out of the little cabin as Siste .Hagar came In. . ■That afternoon Curwen asked me abou Hiss Sorensen—I replied to him briefly, “I wiil toll yon all about the Base,” I said “in a short time—there is a mystery wine! the young lady has divnlsed, and‘which eh has earnestly implored of me to respect unti we roach St. Petersburg. “ Then yon believe she can be cured ? said Curwen. “Unquestionably—bat it is a stranes -fetor and it is impussible for me to diicnss it’ unti I can give yon my fnll confience. Ia.th meantime there is nothing to be done in th medical way for Miss Sorensen—I should re commend her to keep on. deck as much, a possible—she is in anighly hysterical state and the more fresh air she gets, the better.’ Curwen waa obliged to be satisfied witi this very lame summary of the ^ase, and th next time 1 saw Miss Sorensen, I bent ove lier and told her that I intended to respeo bar secret until after we arrived at St Petersburg. “I don’t know howto thank you enough,’ jibe said—her eyes flashed . with joy, and’, ah' beoame instantly the moat animated and fas -anating woman on board. i' JU last we reached the great northern pdrt mid first amongst those to come onboard thi Atmdbe was the tall and aristocratic form o: 'Professor Sorensen. : I. happened to wit (409) ness the ^ meeting between him and “is beautiful niece. He Stooped down and kissed hec an' ber white brow: A flash of BCurlet spread all over her face as'ho R0- £key spoke a few words together— then Stater Hagar came ap and touched Miss Sorenson on her arm. The nest moment I vtfas requested to come ana speakto the voung lady. “May I introduce you to my uncle, Dr Halifax?” ahesaid, “Professor Sorensen-—Dr Halifax. I can scarcely tell yon, Uncle Oscar,”, continued the young lady, looking | tad in hta face,_ “ how good Dr Halifax has been to me during my voyage.” Professor Sorensen made a polite rejoinder to this, and immediately invited me to come to see him at hta palace in the Nevski i Prospect. I was about to refuse with all the politeness I could muster, when Miss Sorensen gave. me a glance of suoh teerible entreaty that it stagpered me, , and almost throw mo off my balance. “Yon will come; you must come,” she ...“ I can taka -no refusal,” exolaimed the Professor. “ I am delighted to welcome you as a brother in,; the great world of medical science. -I have no doubt that wo shall have much of interest to talk over together. My laboratory has the pood fortune to. be some, what celebrated,and I have made experiments iv the cultiv^tion^of piiorobes which I should like to talk over'with ;your* You will do hie the felicity of dining with me this' evening.’ .Dr'Halifax?” ; I considered . the situation briefly—I' glanced again at Miss Shrensen. •. ■■ - j i ‘-‘I will come,” I said—she gave.a sigh ofj relief, and lowered her eyes. , Professor Sorensen moved away; 'and Sister Hagar went into the yonng lady’s cabin to fetch something, For a moment I M.is3 Sorensen and I were alone. She gave me an imperious gesture to come, close to “Sit on that chair—stoop, down, I don’t want others to know,” she said. I obeyed her in some surprise. “ You have bean good, more than good,.” she said, " and I respect you. I thank you from my heart. Do one last thing for “ What is that ?” “ Dent tell our secret to Maurice Cur wen until you have returned from dining with my uncle. Promise me this : I have a very grave reason for asking it of you.” “ I shall probably not have time to toll him between now and this evening,” I said, “as I mean immediately to land and oceupy myself looking over the place.” At this moment Sister Hagar appeared, carrying all kinds of ruga and paroela— amongst them was a small, brass-bound box j whioh seemed to be of considerable weight. As she approaohed us, the nurse- knocked her foot against a partition in the deck, stumbled, and would have fallen had I not rushed to her assistance. At the same time the heavy braBs-bound box fell with some forco to the ground. The shock must have touched some secret spring, for the cover immediately bounced open and several packets of papers were shewn on the deck. I stooped to pick them up, but Norse Hagar wrenched them from my bauds with such force that I could not help glanciug at her in astonishment. One paoket had been thrown to a greater distance than the others. I j reached back my hand to pick it up, and, as 1 did so, my eyes lighted on a name in small black characters on the cover. The name was Olga Erestofski. Below ft was something which looked like hieroglyphics, but I knew enough of the Russian tongue to ascertain that it was the same name in Hues —with the figure 7 below it. I returned the packet to the nurse—she gave me a glance whioh I was destined to remember afterwards—and Miss Sorenson uttered a faint cry and turned suddenly white to her lips. Professor Sorensen came hastily up—he administered a restorative to his niece, and said that the excitement of seeing him had evidently been too much for her in her weak state. A moment later the entire party had ieft.the yacht. , It was night when I got to the magnificent palace in the Nevski Prospect where Professor Sorensen resided. I was received with ceremony by several servants in handsome livery, and conducted immediately to a bedroom on the first floor of the building. The room was of colossal size and height, and, warm as the weather still was, was artificially heated by pipes which ran along the walta. The hangings and the other appointments of this apart ment were of the costliest, and ae I looked around me 1 could not help comiug to the conclusion that a Court physioian at St. Petersburg must hold a very lucrative posi Having already made my toilet, I was about to leave the room to find my way as best I could to the recep tion-rooms on the ground floor, when, to my unbounded amazement. I saw the massive oak door of the chamber quickly and silently open, and Miss Sorensen, magnifi cently dressed, with diamonds in her black hair and flashing round her slim white throat, came in. She had not made the slightest sound in. opening the door, and now Ehe _ put^ her finger to her lips to enjoin silence on my part. She closed the door gently behind her, and, coming up to my side, pressed a note into my hand. She then turned to go. ** What iB the meaning of this ?” I began. “The note will tell you,” she replied. “Ob, yes, I am well, quite well—I have told my uncle all about my deception on board the Ariadne. For God’s sake don’t keep me now. If lam discovered all is lost.” She reached the door as she spoke, opened it with a deft, swift, absolutely silent move ment, and disappeared. I conld not tell why, but when I was left once more alone I felt a chill tanning through me. I went deliberately up to the oak door and turned the key in- the heavy lock. The splendid bedroom was bright aB day with electric light. Standing by the door I opened -Miss Sorensen’s note. My horrified eyes fell on the following words :— “We receive ho mercy, and we give none. Your doom was nearly fixed when you found out the seoret of my false paralysis on board the Ariadne. It was absolutely and irrevocably sealed when yon saw my real name on the packet of letters whioh fell out of the brass bound box to-day. The secret of my return to Rnssisis. death to those who discover-it unbidden. • “ I- is decreed by those who never alter or change that you:. do. not leave this palace alive. It ia utterly hopeless for you to try: to escape, for oil' all hands the doors are guarded and even if you did succeed in reaching the .streets, we have plenty of emissaries there to do our wqrk for us. You know enough of our secrets to.make your death desirable—it is. therefore arranged that you are to die. I like you and pity yon. I have a heart, and you have touched it. If I can I will save you. I do this at the risk of my life, hut that does not matter—we hold our lives cheap—we alwaysoarry them in our hands, andare ready to lay them down at any instant. I may not succeed in saving you, bnt I will try. 1 am not quite certain how your death is to be accomplished, but I have a very shrewd suspicion of the manner in whioh the final attack on your life will be made. Your only ohance—remember, yonr only ohance of escape—is to appear to know absolutely nothing—to sho w not the ghost of a suspicion ef any underhand practices; to pat forth all your powers to fascinate and please Professor j Sorensen and the guests who will dine with 1 us;to-night. Show no surprise at anything you see—ask no impertinent questions. I have watched you, and I believe you are olever enough and have sufficient nerve to aot as I suggest. Pay me all the attention in your power—make love to me even a little, if you like—thet will not matter, for we shall never meet again after to-night. After dinner yon will be invited to accompany Professor Sorenson to his laboratory— he will ask no other guest to do this. On no acoount refuse—go with him and I will go with you. Where he goes and where I go,follow without flinch ing. If you fed astonishment do not show it. And now, all that I have said leads up to this final remark. Avoid the seventh etep. Bear this in vour' mind—it your last chanee.— DaOMAR/’ ' - ' '-/ " I read this note over twice. The terrible feeling of horror loft me after toe second reading. I felt, braced and resolute. I suspeoted, what-was indeed the case, that I bad fallen unwittingly into a hornet's nest ot Nihilists. How mad I'had been to come ! to Professor Sorensen’s palace ! I had fully made up my mind that Miss Sorensen had ( told me lies, when she pave me her feeble reasons for acting as she had done on board the Ariadne. No matter that now, however, She spoke the truth - at last. The letter l crushed in my hand was not a lie. ■ I re solved to be wary, guarded—and when the 1 final moment came,'to sell my life dearly. I had a box of matches in my pocket. I burnt the note to whiteash, and then crushed the ashes to powder under my foot. I then went downstairs. Servants were standing about, who quickly directed ms to the reception-rocms. The powdered footman flung the door of the great drawing-room open and called my name in a ringing voice. Professor Soreneen came forward to meet me., . A lady came up at the same moment and held out her hand. She was dressed in black velvet, with richlace and many magnificent diamonds. They shone m i her sandy hair and‘glistened round her thin throat.. I started back in amazement;: lioro was. Sister Hagar metamorphosed.. . . “ Allow me to introduce my wife, Madame Sorensen,” said the Professor. . Madame Sorensen raiseda playful finger .and smiled into my face. ' <.. -t‘ You lofA’astonlshed,' andpo wonder, Dr* Halifax.” sMratMr- -^ButianyiiPwnauHhty you have'beep, to read our secrets.” She '.turned away’to'speak to another guest. The rrext.mometit dinner was announced.; !- v' As wo safc-ro'und the dinner-table we made adarge. patty. -. Men and women, of-..many nationalities .were present, but I quiokly per? oeived, to my surprise, that I was the 'griest of'tlie evening. To me was given the terribly doubtful honor of escorting Madame Soreuseu to'the head of the table, and in honor of me also,. .English—by common, consent—was the. language spoken at dinner. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 