the run of sixty-seven. It was in Colorado, one of the wildest and roughest, railroads I know of. The road was stocked with engines, and to faciliate the climbing of the heavy grades they had small driving wheels. I was fireman 011 67, which was used in the passenger service. She had the largest drivers on the road, and they only measured 48 inches in diameter. Matt Irwin was the engineer. Sixty-seven had -just been housed after a ruu. I wasillling the oils, and Matt was hauling off his overalls, when Mr. Fox, the superintendent, climbed into the cab. After a few commonplace remarks he asked abruptly - 44 Matt, how soon can 67 go out ? " 44 Just as soon I can pull on my overalls," was the reply. " Her steam hasn't been out yet, and her fire hasn't been drawn." The superintendent looked at both of us very hard, as though lie was seizing us up, and then he said, awful solemn : "Matt, you've been with us a long time. You've been tried and not found wanting. To-, night we call upon you to perform the most" dangerous piece of work yet. Wiil you do it ? " " What is it ?" he asked. " There's been a big mistake made in the higher offices — but that is not for us to criti cise — aud there is but one way to rectify it." Here the superintendent's voice snnk almost to a whisper. "One hundred and fifty thousand dol ars in gold has got to be in B before midnight, to-connect with the Eastern expiess, and you're.the man selected to take it through." That was all. ITejumpedoff and disappeared. For some time Ivlatt and I sat staring at each other, then he slid off his seat and said : 44 This won't do ! Supper, Harry, supper ! We haven't much time to lose.; It only lacks a few minutes of six. Be back before the quarter." I was back on time, but Matt; was there be fore me. He had lighted (he shaded steam gauge lamp, and stood scanning a small piece of pasteboard." "What do you make of this, Harry ?" he asked, as I climbed up beside him. " I found it pinned to my cushion. On it was scrawled the words : Danger ! Don't pull the wild freight to- ' night if you value your lives. A True Friend. " It makes it that someone besides the super intendent and us knows of it," I replied, the cold shivers beginning to chase each other up my spinal column. 44 There's danger ahead !" " Av, there is danger ahead, my boy," and old Matt spoke softer than I had ever heard him before. " If you want to " " I'll go where you lead, "I replied quickly. " Then we'll go through if it takes the wheels out from under." And without waiting for the hostler to run the engine out, old Matt backed her onto the turntable, where the wipers got lier round, and then we backed down to the offices, where f o r trusty men soon had the square safe under the coal. A few minutes later we were coupled on to a half dozen empty freight cars and a caboose. " Tin-re's your orders," cried Jimmy Connor. : Old Matt looked them over, and we began to move out of town. " We've got a clear track," he said, looking at me, and theu he drew up the corners of his mouth, and I looked for a quick run: ; Before we reached the outskirts of the town the rain began to come down in a perfect deluge. - . " Good night for wasbovers," be said, " and washovers are as bad as washouts."'. : It was all down grade, and all the steam usedwasto run the. air pump. I had only to keep' the lire alive. ; Eight miles down we ran p >st a small station where a freight train was side tracked. It had perhaps a dozen cars. Just before we reached it I saw a man dart in belweeii 'tivo of the cars to escape the head light. ' '' /' . ' ' We were half way down the Haversack grade, with a straight stretch of track and a loug curve before us, when Matt looked across and said : 44 I'm afraid the little pasteboard was only a scare. If " There was a flash of light behind, the rattle of coal, and Bob Duncan, the forward brakes man, stood in the, cab. His face was as white as a ghost. " Shut her down— shut her down, for heaven's sake!" he shouted. 44 A freight's broken loose, and is. coining down the grade at two miles a minute !" Matt Irwin never lost his head, and with a coolness that comes to few men in lime of danger, he asked, " How do you know ?" "Seen her by a flash of lightning. O'Connor and Billy have jumped. And then he swung out on the step and dis appeared/ ! "dump if you want to, Harry," called old Matt. " I'm going to stick to her." I gave one look out at the Egyptian darkness, and -concluded that I would stay wilh old Matt.. " Keep ydur-eye. 'petded ' for her," he cried", and commenced to let 67 out. " There she is !" I shouted. And there it was, sure enough. It ha.il just come out of a eu fc.-,. One of the boxes was ou lire, the flame streaming back half "a car length, and cutting through the air like a meteor. " She's four miles behind," said old Matt, " and coming four.'feeteto our one.- If we can get round the curve there is a show of her jumping. And theu began the-.terrible ride. . ; He hooked-aTihk to' the ''first notch and then opened the throttle. . With i-even cars behind us we shot down the grade of ,175 feet to the siiile. Sixty-seven set low in her frame, but every- low joiufc rung lier bell for an eighth of a mile. She jumped and swayed and threatened to leave the" ra ils J'hTTwimT i-'bricko d.ar ou ucU 1 s like-ft- thousand demons, and the rain poured against the windows iu a perfect stream. j" There's danger ahead and death behind," shouted the old engineer. " If the rain loosens a boulder and drops it on th- track — — " I shuddered. There was the blasted pine that marked the curve. The next second we reached it. For a moment I thought it was all over. Then 67 righted. There was a sharp jerk. We forced ahead faster, . and our seven cars cleared the road bed and went down the b'» iff with a crush that was heard above the storm, leaving a clear track for the runaway behind that was "coming as swift and sure as death. ; If the runaway got around the curve, the probabilities were that we should be knocked from the track into the river. We were very near to the bottom now, where the roadbed followed the river, and the engineers /were cautioned not to run over, fifteen miles per liour. x V. - But orders Were not respected that night. We were making thirty miles per hour; when a flash of lightning showed -me that dark string of ears coming round the curve. The blazing box was on the opposite side and invisible. Old Matt gave 67 the steam so suddenly she seemed to jump from under us, but tlie runaway was not more than half a. mile behind and com ing with the speed of a tornado. „ There was no getting out of the way. In a moment it would be on ns. I imagined -I could see the black mass coming down upon us in the darkness, when a heavy rumble was heard, fol lowed by a tremendous crash. The rain had loosened the rock and dirt overhanging the track, and it only needed the jar of 67 to sec it in motion. Something like 1,000 tons of debris rolled on to the track directly behind us, and into this those runaway ears plunged. But wc did not fiud this out until afterward. Matt kept 67 up to what was a tremendous speed on that track. She -plunged and rolled and rang her bell continually. A dozen times I thought we were going into the river. We pulled through all right, but this was my last trip. When I got off the engine my hair was streaked wilh grey, aud now it is white as snow. For some time it was thought that the run away cars had . broke loose, - but the company became suspicious and had the case looked into, with the result of running down some tough characters, who finally confessed to cut ting them loose with the intention of ditching us between Haversack grade aud the bottom, and securing the treasure. Old Matt has retired from the road, but I do not think that either he or I shall ever forget the run of 67. " What do you call this ?" asked Officer McGobb, as he pulled a dangerous- looking bludgeon out of the pocket of his prison er " That is called a life preserver,' " answered the derelict. " An' fwat right have you with a life preserver, Oi would like to know ?" " Because I belong to the floating population ; see ?u Bat the officer refused to see. 