BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. The annual missionary meeting was held on Tuesday evening, in the Skipton street church. Prior to the meeting a public tea was held in the schoolroom, at which a large number were present. The tables, which were loaded with a bountiful supply of good things, were presided over by Mesdames Oates, Chamberlain, and Peterson, and Misses Dougina. Williams, Neville, Watson, Evans, Laity, Uglow, and Nankervi". The church was crowded for the after meeting. The proceedings were opened by the congre gation singing “ All hail the power of Jesu's name,” and prayer offered by the Rev. F. Mason, Through the indisposition of Mr Ja». Banyan, of Creswick, who was announced to take the chair, Mr J. Hooper, of Bendigo, was called upon to Sll the position. In doing so, he remarked that he was glad the mis sionary spirit was strong in the church, and that men and women were going forth try ing to lead man to the Lord Jesus Christ. In his judgment this was the 'greatest work iu which man can be engaged. The Rev, J. Teague, missionary secretary, referred in very high terms to the splendid work accomplished by the Christian En deavor Society in various parts of the colony. On some of the mission stations many souls were converted to God, and many of these had joined the church. The prospects of the various missions are good. Mr R. B. Roberts hoped that all workers, whether ministers, local preachers, S*J)bath echool teachers, or Christian endeavorere, would carry into their work the conviction that the religion of Christ was able to ac complish the salvation of men. Christianity is'the religion of the poor, the despised, the degraded. Many reject tbe Gospel because they do not like to humble themselves, giving up their preconceived notions and prejudices, and accept salvation through the Cross of Jesus Christ. As workers, we must bo zealous, pure, prayer ful, and bo baptised with the Holy Ghost, if wo desire to merit success in our work. The Rev. J. G. W. Ellis, of New Zealand, remarked that as Methodists we had n grand past which was full of noble achievements. Some people wanted to know what kind of a church there would be in the fixture. .Mr Stead had a pattern already prepared, but be had yet to found his chprch. He con tended that the church of the future was what we made it. We must read our Bibles and conform our lives to its grand truths. Some men are ready to take their swords and fight as did our forefathers for the Bible, but they did not read it. This was incon sistent. Unless a man experiences the truth in his heart, he will not truly love the word of God, The church of the present must be interested in the toilers of. society, but, at the same time, must faithfully condemn their actions when contrary to the principles of truth and righteousness. Asa church we must be sternly antagonistic to all the evils of society. . The Rev, H. Pattiuson was called upon to deliver an'address, but owing to the lateness of the hour, he asked to be excused, and re sumed his seat. The choir, with Mr Sage at the organ, rendered several choice selections during the evening. The Rev, H. Yeo, in a characteristically humorous speech, moved that the sincere and hearty thanks of the conference be ac corded to the friends of Ballarat who so generously entertained the members of con ference during its sessions. The motion was seconded by Mr Bone, J.P., and carried with acclamation by all the representatives. A vote of thanks to the chairman and the choir was moved by the Rev. F. Mason, and seconded by tbe Rev, J, C. Freeman, The meeting, which was very bright and stirring, was brought to a close by the sing ing of the doxnlogy. The Rev. R. Down was placed on the list of superannuated ministers. The conference unanimously passed a reso lution expressing its great appreciation of the heroism displayed by Mr J. M, Tonkin, of Bendigo, who descended into a mine three times, and at the risk of his life saved a fellow worker from death. 