THE ARCHBISHOPRIC OF ADELADE. EECEIV'liS THE PALLIUM. NO OBBEMONY IN ADELAIDE. UNUSUAL PEOCEDU&U.; Immediately the appointment of a now Arohbishop to the See of Adelaide was made known atcention was turned to the time when i the gorgeous and solemn oeremony of investi ture would take plaoe iu St. Francis Xavier's I Cathedral. Now, however, through exceptional oiroumstanci-B, no investiture will be neoessary, and Dr. O'Reily assumes bis full title and powers of offioe in a manner which is psouliarly suitable to his retiring disposition — without any publio funotion. The Cardinal Propaganda sent out on the ■ ocoasion of Dr. CReily's appointment authority for him to use all the "faculties" or spiritual powers as ArohbiBhop in tbe same way and to the same extont as if he had reoeived the pallium. To tbe favour con ferred upon him iu this way another has been added. It is the rule that Arohbishops shall " postulate" or petition witbiu three months of their appointment the PopsP for the pallium, and this under severe ecclesiastioal penalties. In Dr. O'ReilyV ones Cardinal Ledoobowski, Cardinal Prefect of the Propa ganda, kindly took upon himself to make the requisite petition for the sacred vestment. He also appointed a procurator to represent the Archbishop. When an Arohbishop " postu lates'' by proxy the oustom is for the pallium to be consigued to or.e or two prelates of high standing, who are commissioned to invest the Archbishop-elect with the insignia of his office, which insignia is also entrusted to them. In tho present instance the practice has apparently been departed from. Tho Cardinal Profoct informs Dr. O'lfeily in a letter recoived by the English mail last week that tho proourator appointed i.as been in vested iu hia (Dr. O'ReilyV) u&me; with the pallium, and that all tho oeremonies ueual on such oooasions have been carried out in Rome. This prooedure, as far as the Arohbishop knows, is rather unusual. Still he reads the Cardinal's letter in the sense already ex plained. According to Roman practice Arch bisbopa newly appointed were Dover addressed as "Archbishops" Bimply. bub as "Arch bishops- elect,".until such time as the actual investiture with the pallium haB taken Elace. In the letter he has repaired >r. O'Reily ia addressed as " Archbishop" absolutely. Moreover, there ia no mention of prelateB oharged with the office of performing the oerc-mony of investiture. Finally the pallium has been actually forwarded to Dr. O'Reily under aenarate cover, and it ia now in hie possession. The Archbishop had oome to town from Grlenelgou Monday week to prepare hia petition for the pallium when the English . mail was delivered to him. Among tbeletters 1 was the one from Cardinal Ledochoweki, : while the pallium waa sent in a registered paoket. A few word 3 about the manufacture of the pallium and tbeoeremoDy of investiture may not be out of plaoe. The nuns of St. ~A.gnes j oiler every year two white lambs upou the I altar of their ohuroh on the feast-day of their patron saint at the moment when the "Agnus Dei" is being sung at High Maes. These lambs are taken in charge by two of the canons of St. John Dateran, who subsequently consign tbem to the oare of the apoBtolio subdeaoons, who send the animals to pasture until the time aomea for eheariug them. At the proper season the wool is taken from the lambs, and being mixed with other white wool is spun into thread, from which the pallia are woven. The pallium itself is about three 1 fingers in width. It is in the form of a oircle i restingon the shoulders, surrounding the neck, | with a small lappet of the same width before and behind, 'i'othebandandlappetsfourblaok or uurple oroaaes are affixed. The pallia when made are parried by the apostolio Bubdeaoons to the Basilioa of St. Peter, and ore deposited by the oanona of the basilioa upon the tomb of the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul under the high altar, where they are watohed during a night's vigil. Subsequently the canons hand over the pallia te the apostolio subdeacons, who carefully and reverently guard them until required on the appointment of a new | jxronoisnop or Aronmsnops. | Whoa a prelate baa to ask for the pallium he petitions for it imlanter, instantius, tn slantistime, first through some procurator chosen from amongst the oonsiBtorial advo cates to the Sovereign Pontiff in Consistory. The Pontiff having dismissed the sdvooate asks for a vote of tnOBe present as to whether the pallium is to be granted. Then he direots the first of the Oardinal-deaoons | to assign the pallium to the prelate or his I prooutator. Letters apostolio are eubse- j quently issued in tbeoustomary form, and the i chief of the Oardinal-deacons appoints the plaoe and the day tor handing over the pal lium. This ceremony usually takes place in the domestioohapelof the Cardinal. On the appointed day the prolate himself, if be happens to be in Rome, attends in the basilioaof St. Peter. There are present the first of the Cardinal-deacons and the apos tolio subdeacon with the pallium, which the latter places and unfolds on the altar. The Arohbishop, standing before the first Car dinal-deacon on the right hand, where the Gospel is read, makes his petition for the pal lium. 'Chen the first Oardinal-deaoon, taking the pallium from the altar, places it upon the abouldera of the prelate, who kneels before him while he says—"To the honour of j Almighty God and thu Blessed Mary, ever virgin, and theBleBsedApoatlesPeteraDd Paul, I as well as to the Ohuroh of . Committed to thy oare we deliver unto tbee the pallium taken from tho body of Blessed Peter, in whom is the plenitude of the Pontifical office with the title of Arohbishop, which pallium you are to use inBide your ohuroh on oortain days designated in the privileges conceded to the Holy See. In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." Then with the help of the Cardinal- Bubdeaoon he adjusts the veBtment to the shoulders of the recipient, and gives him the pax or salutation of peace. The document, duly signed, testifying to the foot of the inveHtituro is subsequently delivered to him. If the new Archbishop is not in Home the ceremony is more or less similar, except that, the proaurator duly appointed takes the Archbishop's place. Asked to express bis opinion on the pro cedure, Dr. O'Reily only ventured to remark that he looked upon it as extreme kindness on Cardinal Ledochowski's part to arrange matters as he has done. It is, as far as be knows, quite au usual procedure in matters of thesort. The Arohbishop expresspehimself in very grateful terra* for the course followed by Cardinal Ledocbowslri and the Propaganda. 