MEN AND WOMEN. Mr. Davitt describes Sydney Harbour as incomparable, Stambuloff, the Bulgarian statesman, was one of the best swimmers in Europe. Sir George Bibbs passed Townaville 40 years ago aboard the same ship aa Gregory's exploring party. Dr. Max Nordeau, who practises bis pro! fesBion of medicine in Paris, is a Jew, and his real name is Simon. 1 \- Premier Roid can. go -to sleep. when ha is being shaved. This saves him from being asked his latest fancy for the Cup. , Princess Maud, the yonugost daughter of the Prince of Wales, werrs a monocle in ber eye whenever she appears in pablic. . The German Emperor will smoke no cigars except those specially made for him. Thsy are slim Havanas, 7in. long, kept in her metically sealed tubes. Lord Salisbury became Premier for the third tima at 05. He is 11A years younger tban Mr. Gladstone was when he achieved the same rare distinction. .Mr. Lb, Gay Brereton, of Sydney, him self a poet, has recently taken to criticising Australian verse. . His taste seems to ran to jingle of the " Dagonet " description. . Air. Michael Davitt, M.P., was presented the other day with a Parnellite address in Sydney. If the warring factions in Ireland would only take the hint the peace-offering will, not be made in vain. In hia life of Henry AI. Stanley Mr. Thomas George says that the explorer's real name is Howcil Jones, and that he was bom at Ingar, in Wales, November 16, 1840. HiB father was a bookbinder. President Cleveland is almost aa fond of sleep as he is of fishing. In Washington he usually sleeps only eight hours a day, but at Grey Gables, his .country bouse, he often sleeps 10 aud sometimes 12 hours. : A Sydney reporter desiring to be com. plimentary described the daughter of a distinguished visitor at a NoW England Afadonna; . Imagine an Australian girl in America being called a Murrumbidgee Madonna. Professor Huxley was buried, as probably he would have liked to be, in a bed of boalder clay, a fitting sepulture for a pale ontologist. In the earth aboni his coffin are relics of the prehistoric era when all Scot land and England as far as tbe Thames were covered with a vast sheet of icc. In a recent speech in London Sir Henry Irving mentioned hia sou as a striking ins'ancoof tho social ban against tho actor in Knglaud. His son is it barrister, aud as such was eligible eo be presented at a loveo held by tho Prince of Wales; but now, being an actor, though still a barrister, tbe honor is forbidden him. Admiral Keppel, the grand old man of tbo English licet, is six months older than Gladstone. He was a small boy trundling a hoop when Nupoleoa was overthrown, but whon the Crimean War broke out bo had becotpe an officer of experience, and was put in command of tbe naval brigade before Sebastopol, Admiral Keppel has been on the retired list for 16 years. Harry Marks, who has just been elected to Parliament in the Sr. George'e-in-tlic- East division of the Tower Hamlets, is the son of a London rabbi. He went to America when a young man, and drifting to Texas, helped to edit a country paper. About 1880 ho started a email financial paper in Wall-street, which he soon sold out. Re turning to his native city, Marks, with the aid of a rich American, established the Financial News. Like Lord Saliabnry, who is an export in chemistry, Arthur J.' Balfour, the new British First Lord of the Treasury, has abundant claim to recognition ontside of poiitict. Hit studies in philosophy and pysbbology havo given him high ropute among scholars, and ' as an ' investigator of psychic phenomena, including ghost-stories, lie is itn authority. Physically Air. Balfopr appears to be one of the laziest of men ; but this outward semblance of iangonr screons one of the brightest minds in England.. As.a Parliamentary orator he is easy and graoefu!,' but seemingly lucking in force; 