[?] [?] A sy^ey of ToA\QR,H°V^ By HE Nil Y FLETCHER (Herb. Fletcli) (FOE 'THE SUNDAY TIMES.') Chap. IV.— THE WOOLLAHRA TRAGEDY. flow came Sergeant Hobbs to take such j an interest in Mr. Hants ? How came it that he watched him into the JEJelmore Coffee Palace as a cat watches a mouse, and ?waited and searched for hitn as though prepared to arrest him ? This must be told. Every one remembers ' The Woollalira Tragedy.' It is still fresh in the public mind. Its ghastly details impressed Sydney society so deeply that the incident is not likely soon to fade. It will be recalled how a battle long talked of by the hot bloods of the Pad dington Tripe Push and the Heel and Toe Talent of Woollahra took place in the vicinity ? of the Centennial Park. The choSen ground was' admirably adapted both by nature and the Government for Buch a contest, as piles of road-metal placed at regular intervals along the roadside formed the useful and indispensable missiles for the combatants. The battle raged bravely for hours ; eager crowds of barrackers watched it from a respectful distance. In the ferocity of its fighters and number of wounded it almost equalled a football match — Rugby Rules. True, all the windows in the neighborhood had been smashed; but, on theother hand, not more than three passers by and half-a-dozen of the talent had had to be removed to the hospital. The police, measuring the e.mergency ?with their usual discretion, had found business of a pressing nature in other directions ; all but poor Dooley. He was a young man, a new member of the force, and had not yet freed his mind from the absurd delusion ' that a constable's first duty is to try and preserve the public peace.' Imbued with such thoughts, lie appeared upon the scene of hattle, and instead of discreetly retracing his steps he unbuckled his belt and rushed on the combatants. For a moment the charge was successful. At the alarm cry, ' The copmen !' there was a general stampede; but, as the crowd soon saw that there was only one man as against their 200, the talent rallied and cheerfully combined their forces to attack the common enemy. A single belt, even with a buckle on the end of it, has little chance against a hail ©f blue metal thrown by experts. Dooley fell like a log from the skilled 8hot, it was said, of the Paddington Spider, but, ' as numerous other champions claim the honor, the point is doubtful. The fallen man was promptly jumped on and then kicked by the victors, in accord with immemorial custom. So far the facts are admitted, and history reveals no doubts, but when at a later stage of the proceedings — the talent having fraternally adjourned — Dooley's body was found by his comrades, he was not only discovered dead, but with his throat cut. This put quite a new color on the pro ceedings. To kick a policeman or any un offending stranger to death, is the recog nised right of every larrikin, subject only to the occasional infliction of six months' gaol; but cutting throats was quite a new departure, neither sanctioned by precedent or custom, and the law was very properly indignant. Twelve arrests were promptly made at a general round-up of the talent, and, wit nesses being wanted, a second round-up 6ecured them. On the evidence of these men, whom no man in the community would have trusted with sixpence, these lads, aged from 14 to 18 years old, were all sentenced to be hanged. And the judge very sagely remarked as be assumed the black cap, that he had no more doubt as to their guilt, after the overwhelming testimony had been given, than though he had seen them do the dreadful deed with his own eyes, and the enormity of their crime was such, that his only regret was that hanging by the neck imtil they were dead was the utmost penalty the law allowed him to inflict. All the prisoners protested their in nocence of taking any part in the throat cutting; but as the man arrested is in variably the wrong one, according to his own account, no notice was taken of their assertion. It was pointed out to some of the carping critics of this judgment that ? even if these twelve lads were not the actual criminals, it arose on their part more from want of opportunity than want of sympathy with the perpetrator, that Jus tice (with a big J) must- be vindicated, and that the hanging of these young repro bates would be a good riddance, anyhow. In deference to popular clamor, only three of the Jads were eventually executed, the others being reserved for a first-class criminal education amongst the most gifted felons in Her Majesty's gaols, so that they might qualify for the high honors attained by their comrades later on. It chanced about this time that a China man was discovered keeping a harem of 'little white girls in the centre of Sydney, and public interest, that had been at fever point over the Woollalira tragedy, was now diverted to the uew wonder. Sergeant Hobbs was one of the few who did not for get, it had been part of his duty to help collect evidence for the prosecution, and he was altogether dissatisfied with what had pleased his superiors. ? In his own words to Mrs. Hobbs at the time, ' he would not have hanged a dog on such testi mony.' These twelve were a bad lot, and -no doubt deserved all they got, but the actual throat-cutting was not, in the opinion of the Sergeant, sheeted home to any one of them. Months after the event, Hobbs; in the course of his duties, was sitting in a heap, apparently drunk, in a low public house in Crown-street. He had dirty clothes, an unshaven face, and the general aspect of the chronic boozer. But out of the corner of his eye he was watching a Melbourne spieler talking to a local man of the same profession at the other end of the bar-room. They were comparing notes in an argot well-known to the detective, but he had learned little of any use to him when their talk was inter rupted by the passing by in the street of a young, well-dressed man. ' There'8 a good mark,' observed tlie Melbournite. ' You make no bloomin' error,' remarked his comrade ; ' that's the bloke what slit the gizzard of the Woollahra trap.' 'You don't say so!' replied the Mel bourne man. ' He's a plum, my oath !' Hobbs was all attention. Here was a clue he had long waited for. Retaining his presence of mind, he shambled out of the doorway, pouring out disjointed oaths as he went; but once fairly in the street he straightened up with great celerity, and at a rapid pace followed in the steps of the retreating figure of the smart young man. Hobbs did not learn much that day. He gained a good view of the chase, so that he was able to recognise and follow him on several subsequent occasions, but he finally lost track of hiin, as he did at other times, without tracing him to any private resi dence. At the time Hobbs was confident his movements were unnoticed, his pre cautions were- so well taken, his disguise so complete. And then the young man seemed so devoid of all suspicion ; but at a later day he was not so assured of himself, and was far from positive that his shadow ing had not been remarked from the very first. He learned, one by one, many things of this young man, links in a chain of evi dence that showed him to have been at least an active participant in the Woollahra tragedy, and he feltfully justified at length in getting a warrant for his arrest, and it was while armed with this document that he had followed Mr. Hants to the Coffee Palace, and, sure of his prisoner, had quietly waited in the hall to arrest him. Chap. Y.— GRASS TREE HOUSE. Not far from Rushcutters' Bay there is a little promontory of land jutting out into the harbor, as fine a site for a residence, perhaps, as is to be found in a neighbor hood plentiful of charming nooks and splendid aspects. Here is erected a massive, long, low house, of squared sandstone, wide paved vtrandah, covered, like the roof, with old-time oak shipgles. It does not want an expert to date its erection back to the time in tbe colony's history when labor was of no object and beauty of architecture was unknown. All the same, it is a fine, roomy mansion, with its low-ceilinged rooms and spacious fireplaces, its prodigal use of cedar wood in doors and windows, and its hardwood flooring, black with age. Beside its newer and more pretentious neighbors, the house looks mean and out of date, but it has a fine, old, solid, conser vative aspect, aud it was perhaps for this reason that it attracted its late owner. Grass Tree House it was called, and here lived old Judgo M'Rae, of whom it was said he never had a real good appetite except he had put on the black cap before his dinner, But the old Judge had wended his way to Waverley some years ago, if not in a black cap, then in a black box, and his son Clarence reigned in his stead. That is, ho was owner of Grass Tree House, and lived there occasionally. This young man had had the best educa tion the Sydney University and his father's stick could give him. He had shown talents at times that had astonished more than they had gratified his parent, and also he had shown inclinations that rumor said had hastened that visit to Waverley before alluded to. It was related that the Old Judge was summoned one day to the Central Police Station, where his son, amidst a crowd of larrikins, was under arrest for having jointly with them caught a Chinaman, cut off his pigtail, and tried to hang him with it to a lamp-post. Philosophers might have anticipated that the old man would have been pleased at this sign of the hereditary hanging instiuet shown by his son. But it was not so. By some never explained means the lads were all released, the Chinaman compensated, and the whole affair hushed up and kept out of the papers. But of course everybody heard ail ahont it, and old Map knew that they knew, and never after this episode did, lie sentence a prisoner to rope-stretching with the same unction as of yore. Two hours, after our history opens, and while Sergeant Hobbs was ' still listening to the story of Mrs. Hants, and probing her with leading questions, Clarence M'Rae entered the gate and grounds of Grass Tree House. An old man, a servant of his father's time, let him in. Mr. Florens is waiting for you, sir,' he said, as he opened the door of a spacious and low-ceilinged sitting-room. ' How are you, Mac P I have not seen you for an age. You are never at home when I have ealled lately. What have you bean up to ? ' It was Florens that rose and spoke — a young man with pronounced and pleasing features. There was a smile ou his face, and hie hand was outstretched. 'Trying another experiment, old man; or, rather, another experience.' What else is a fellow to do ? ' 'That's just what I want to speak to you about,' said Florens, reseating himself. ? ' I want help in the cause I have taken up. Yoa are young, clever, wealthy. Why not help me?' v ' You mean that Socialistic rob you are always gassing about ? ' ' You may call it 'rot' or what you will, Mao, but it is coming. That condition of society that gives all the cream of life to a few, even to repletion, and the diluted skim milk to the many, is bound to go when the many find they have the power 'to demand a more equal distribution.' 'Well, let it come! 'I have no objec tion. I am not a skim-milk consumer myself, and have no cause to complain. Let those who don't like the diet get up the fuss, and more power to them. It is their affair not mine.' ' But think a little, Mac, of the cause — the glory, the self-satisfaction of fighting for. the wrongs of the oppressed, the miserable, the down trodden. Is not that an ' experience worth trying — you who are so fond, of experiences P I am not more certain of anything in this world than I am that the only real unalloyed joy is that of striving to use our highest powers for the attainment of the good of our fellows.' 'Now, draw it mild, Flo! You are not a bad sort, except when you get astride of this altruistic humbug. Let us sup pose your grand scheme comes off, and you succeed in liberating all these fools who are at present so kind as to make slaves of themselves. What then ? Will they say as much as ' thank you ' to you ? Not they! If they don't put you promptly in gaol for breaking your own constitution pou will be exceptionally lucky ! Take my word for it, mankind are a lot of sel fish brutes, and are not worth bothering ibout.' ' What is then ?' enquired Florens, resignedly. '?I hardly know. I am trying erperi nents. I think I am on the track. But ;ake a glass of wine, man. Here, Hardy !' ind Mac called down the passage to the jld man, 'bring us a couple of bottles -f Shiraz.' With wine and cigars, tbe two youngt nen went out on to the verandah that raced the harbor and sat themselves lown. ' Well ! what is your track, Mac ? What liave you discovered ?' ' I have not actually discovered, I have 3ome to certain conclusions. Life, I take it, is an experience made up of emotions.' ' Granted.' ' Then it follows that the one who has the most experience, and goes through the most emotions — gets the largest share of life?' ' I hardly agree to that ; it must depend what sort of emotions they are.' ' I do not see that. A harp has many 3trings, and men have many passions ; not unless the whole are played upon can you get the highest melody the instrument is capable of. There is too much, there seems to me, of this harping on halfa dozen things, Love, Honor, Faith, Hope, Charity, and all the rest of them. Why not a little Lust, Brutality, Larceny, and Devilment ? We cannot escape our nature; then why not try and profit by it to the full ? Half the pleasures in life are for bidden, thank gooodness ! That is what makes them so enjoyable !' ' Are you sure of that ?' 'Did you ever have a kiss from another man's wife?' ' I can't say I have.' ' Well, I had this morning — or rather she thought she was another man's wife. So it was all the same, and I can tell you the legal article is not a patch on it !' The two bottles of wine were emptied. Florens had drunk but little, and in spite of his protests M'Rae would order more. 'Drink, man! Drink! That is always another emotion.' 'You ought to get married, Mac. It would keep you steady.' 'Married! Why, man, I've tried it! Let me see. Is it five or six times ?' And Mac counted on his fingers with drunken seriousness various names of women and suburbs. ?' Yes ; it's the round half-dozen. I've married the lot.' ' And how did you get on courting your own wives ?' enquired Florens incredu lously. ' First rate. They are all alike, that's the worst of it. Not one of them took more than a week to break to harness the] second time.' i ' You think, then, there are no virtuous women ?' ? 'Oh, yes, there may be— those who have not had the chance to be otherwise. But drink, man alive. You don't empty the bottle fairly.' Florens drank, or pretended to driuk, and M'Rae continued : ' There is a fearful lot of rot taken for solid fact in this world. There is 'con- science,' for instance. Shakespeare, as big a liar as ever wrote a book, says it makes cowards of us all, and gives us the jim jams if we break the Twelve Command ments, or words to that effect — haunting us with ghosts, like Macbeth or Richard III. — and a lot of other hogwash of. the ? same sort. I always had my doubts on the question. Old Richard, especially, struck me as not the sort of bleke to worry over a little cold meat. It looked absurd on the face of it. Now I am sure it is nothing more than mouldy superstition.' ' How sure, Mac ?' ' Did you ever commit a murder, Flo ?' enquired Mac, easily, as he made a futile effort to light his cigar ?' 'No, of course not! WhyP' ' Then you have missed a valuable exr perience. I always meant to have a shot, if it came in my way. Thefee yarns in books and plays about troubled dreams put me up to it. They looked to me blooming lies on the face of them, but I wanted to prove it, and I have !' ' Here ! Empty ^oar glass and I will tell you how it came about. I was out with the talent, hot in ray ordinary garb; mind you, but faked up so that the. boys do not know who I really am. And we downed a policeman. They oleared. But I Btopped to have a look at him. He was only a bit stupid, and he knew what I wag doing when *1 pulled oat my knife and started to cut his jugular. Ho said something about his missu3 and his little kids, and seemed a real decent sort of- chap ; in fact, just the sort of kind harmless man to cause you to be sorry for having killed him. ' I was pleased at that. I did not want to throw my murder away on a dirty black guard. Anyone might put one of that sort away without regret. I wanted my ex periment to be a real, good, cold-blooded murder. ' It was not a nice job, but not so bad as sticking a pig — I tried that once — and my knife was blunt and he made a lot of fuss rolling about groaning, and looked just a horrible sight afterwards. I was glad of that, and had a good look at him. If he was going to haunt me I meant him to have a fair chance of impressing my mind and memory. ' And the experiment turned out better than I had hoped; for three young men who had no more to do with it than you had were hung for it. So that my con science should be in a very bad way and my sleep should be full of fearful dreams if ever a murderer's were ! ? But I can assure you as a positive fact I am not troubled the least in the world. 'At night sometimes, if I happen to be near the spot, I go and sit for a time on the heap of blue metal where I operated. As the scene of the crime it should, accor ding to all the standard authorities, be opeeially favorable to real or mental visions. But never a thing did I see. It is just as I expected. Murder is a fraud, and not worth the trouble.' Florens listened wonderingly and in credulously to his friend, and rising, said : ' I must go, Mac. There is a meeting of the Fabians to-night, and I am to speak.' ' Wait a minute,' said Mac. Then, staggering to his feet, he went to a side board, took a drink from what looked like a medicine bottle, went to a bathroom, from which a sound of falling water was speedily heard, and presently returning again with steady steps. While he mopped his head with a rough towel he said : 'I believe, old man, I must have got drunk just now.' ' Somewhere near it, I think,' said Florens. ' You can easily tell when I am drunk. I always talk about marrying a lot of women if I am slightly under the influence, and when I am real drunk I murder a policeman. Did I get as far as that ?' ' I think you did,' said Florens, smiling. ' You must have a powerful imagination, Mao ?' ' Pretty good, my boy ; pretty good. And of course, it is no harm with you ; but it makes it awkward when I am with strangers. I often have to keep sober for that reason, or' I might be put to a iot of trouble. Must you go so soon. And I have some new experiments in acoustics and spectrum analysis I wished to explain to you. Anyway, come to-morrow, and early; we will go over them. (To be Continued.) THEY JUMPED ON THE 'COPTVTAfr.' ME. HOBBS AND THE SPIELEES. 