News in Brief. I The Upper House will make a virtue of, necessity and buck down. Parliament lias not last its most in vptcrate hone— Mr, Affleck. The Speakers' white- haired hoy also baok victorious — Harry Levien. John M'Elhone nnd Jawbone Neild aro resurrected. . At leuht a few good men were reiec : tsd ut tho general election. ~ ' Ninian Melvillo will never woo the coalraineru again. All the directors of the late 'Daily Post' were rejected as candidates. Said that ex-editor Ellis of the Daily Post will take the lease of a Sunday paper in October. Leprosy iH increasing at an alarming rate throughout Australia. The curient wheat crop of Manitoba (Canada) is 30,000,000. Veteran Parkes is understood to.be inconsolable and vnry irritable. H.ow many ex-members bitterly be wail the fact 'that they weie ever in . duced to udopt politics 1 Parkes and his little party are talk ing of. making a little assembly of their own. They only want a revenue to start. ?«- The new Governor of N.S.W. will probably prove a second Carrington. Parliament has lost its athlete and footballer. — The quiei inoffensive Tupp Gardiner. Premier Reid may now look forward to an early K.C.M.G.-ship with cer tainty.. The hielilv-intellieent ? electors of Molong are once more represented by that accomplished orator iJi.linhs. Click's latest ambition is to become leader of the Opposition. . More haste less speed Paddy. The temperance party at least voted for men, not measures, of grog. Mr Joe Chamberlain promises to prove the best friend the producers of Australia ever had. The National Ass. is about to give tip the ghost. But then it never lived, it only existed. The gold yield of Victoria for last quaiter shows an increase of 15,854oz. compared with the first quarter of the year. - After all the general elections have nut considerably altered the personnel of Parliament. Will any of the new members make their ik in the present Parliament 1 Ther- i» a large vacancy for talent. With Dibbs, ParkeB, Copeland and Wise out of the field, Lyne has his op portunity for leadership. Crick, Meagher and - Bull rule the lower legal roost in Sydney. They triumph over the courts, and now they invade the sacred precincts of Parlia ment. ? ? many lawyers m.tne xioiibb saya an old politician, never get proper ? legislation with a parcel of attorney* alwnvs arguing about ' nothings.' What's in a name 1 Dean Stretch is the name of a Ballarat clergyman. VV e dourly had a Dean ' stretch' in Dar linghurst the other day. ? It is a general opiuion that Sir Geo. Dibbs' political career has closed. Mr Copeland iB very anxious to es tablish a morning protectionist news , paper. The blookade at Truth office against the bailiff's threatens to be as prolonged «8 the Seige of Paris. The .business which takes most money over the counter in .Sydney nt present receives 10 times more silver and 20 times less gold than it did two years ago. The go:den sovereign is much more in'.evidence now than for years past. '?''?Notes abounded twelve months ago and the sovereign wasja rarity. Now it is the other way about. Eddy hopes to make bis salary good out of the Reid victory. The general opinion is that the Chief Commissioner has imbued our railways with all he knows, and his late holiday trip cannot liave been a very edifying one, The. new Parliament from an intel lectual point of view is no improvement \-- on the last Assembly.- Beid and Crick are the only speakers of any power in the new House, Adrain . Knox, M.P., did not draw his members salary last Parliament. He and Bruce Smith are, so far, the . only two consistent opponents of pay ment of members, . .. A great American mining expert is . - . in Sydney, Tho mines in the Lucknow district are occupying his attention at . the present time. Memories of the golden days of Day ♦lesford (Vio.) are revived by the luck of a foasicker w.ho picked up a nugget in the.old workings worth nearly £1000 '/ '? George Dean is forgotten. He is un noticed even by the passengers on his North Shore boat. Such is. fame. The popular upheaval against Judge Win deyer has likewise subsided. An endeavour is being made to have Mr M'Millan's seat declared vacant on the ground that his iong absence from ' the colony disqualifies him. -Dr Bobs, M.L.A.; ? calls upon tho Couucil to defy the Government and reject land taxation, otherwise thero will be tho most horrible revolution on record. David Syme, of the Molbourne Aok, is on a visit to Sydney. He is suspected of a desire to establish a ' tliunderer' in N.S.W. It is expected that Sydney will boom under a freetrade policy. The country . districts will have to produce for the ' food markets of the world and tin State must aid the producers to roach ? those markets, 