?Hi [?] rlVp hpd got; togetb.er~*gaia affow iuij ^forced bolfdafr, oiibIM* Wf&l; lord having decided ifcal «ocountl should ita^BJwhfc) tfaeffpAtf Iribp year?'*nd iPtdok us a wfek btvitva to find anyone with sufficient accom modating nowgrs no suit ,onr re-' place fltlpst having all the comforts of sa home at a moderate expense, and *vJn-re settling day could be put off for an indefinite period. t. ' I'm glad we didn't go over to that pub., onr old man suggested,' said the insigni6cant man, ' for the patty running it is not gifted with a superabundance of generous feel ings, I'll tell jon a story about him which will \rasb.' ^tifot to ghost story P' toped t!« Sunday man, nervously* - : - 'By no means, although, mind you, 1 have a capital one for next week. But to the point. I went ont Sandforj way last week — you know I am interested in the fruit trade— and took with me a 'distin guished visitor' in the shape of the Honorable Lord ? . 'Ob, cl'uck it!' pat in the athletic reporter. 'It's a fact, sir; ask the waiter. He had behaved himself like a good Scotchman ought to do, and parted his beans like a man. Well, he wanted to see a bit of tbe count ly and eo we went for a drive. He ckampagued it at a (tab, in feet at several, and as we Lad to wait for our* steamer home ve played the landlord for drinks and btuek him. Our honorable friend was not well and went to sleep on the sofa. That generous host, cot to be outdoue in great-heai tedntss, and not the least piqued at loosing two rounds, woke him up and bade him stand treat all round Iho show for what he had lost himself.' 'And did you softer it?' we queried. 'It was mere jocularity, you see, and our friend was a good ? ' ' Milch cow,' put in the editor, who arrived just then. 'But take my advice, young man, and keep out of snob places.' At which the insignificant man looked appauled. 'It's all bar talk with us to night,' said Jim the Luney re flectively, ' and that is the rt suit, I suppose, of the holidays. But it's a pity we cannot hare a proper Licensed Victual'ers' Association here. It would tend to purify things. I met our friend Jack last week and he wants to take over the old place again. If he dors I vote we go there.' ?'It's a curions tiling,' solilo quiBed the Gloomy one, ' that once a cove goes in for the pnb business he must be always in it. Even Jack's dog looks wretched like and won't cairy things as be used to do.' '' 'I'll be glad when that house that never paid duty getB in for a proper fixing,' the poet's corner man mur mured. ' 1 need to fit there and contemplate human nature once. It was upon a somewhat low scale, it is ttue, but it was human nature for all that. I would like to see a man o' warsmon firm there.' ' There is an old saying concern ing easy come and easy go,' ob served the publisher, 'and I notice that those two coves wbo found the ambergris a while ago eeem to be quite out of it now. One of them came up to court for charitable fees.' ' And what of it ?' asked the Sunday man, we ail are liable to get into debt. Now when I was summoned for a grog bill and couldn't pay — ' 'But jou didn't have £3000, a rear or two ago, old man.' ' True ! If I had I wouldn't have been here.' The gloomy man was proceeding to expatiate upon tho wretchedness of living in a world which had be come so -dull that people persisted in trying to shuffle out of it by cutting their throats, when the landlord (who was new to our ways) came in with an alarmed look upon his face, and turned ont the gas. The Match session of Parliament is about declared off, and Ministers an nounce that they have no programme ready for 1895. Only tlie old Tasmaniaa rAle of hanging on to office. At the conclusion o[ ' She Stoops lo CJonquet' on Friday niglitadlic Thi-iitre Hoyal, the Urough-Houciciiull Company were 'vociferously cheered. Thc= greatest excitement prevailed. 