MY NARROW ESCAPE. I never told anybody how very, very near I was to death thai night, just a year ago ; bat as I can now look back and caimly re- call each thought, each word, each act, I think I will write it down as a warning to an wno may una snemeeivss similarly cir cumstanced, hoping, with all my heart, that the number may ba few. In the first place, my name is Frederick Putnam. I am, and have been for the laBt ten years, the foreman and book- keeper of the large lumbering establishment of Wil liam Winston and Co., and hope to be for another dacade,unlesB something better turns op. Mr. Winston is the resident partner and manager of the manufacturing part of the bnsmess. The other members of the firm, of whioh there are two, live in the city, at the foot of the lake, and attended to the sales of lumber, which we send them by vessels. This is by far the largest share of what the mill outs, although the amount of our sales directly from the mill, to supply .-the country to the west of ub,' is quite large. Well, one oold September evening, just as I was preparing for home, I heard footsteps on the ground outBide, and presently ithe office door flew open, as though someone iin haste had. given it a push, admitting a tall, stout, well-dressed man, with a small travelling bag in one hand and a Bhawl thrown over one arm. I was alone — Mr. Winston having gone to the house same half an hour before, locking the safe, in which we kept our books and papers, and taking tbe key with him as usual. I had already olosed the damper to the stove, put on my overcoat, and was just in the act of turning down the lamp— but, of coarse, I waited. "Good evening, sir," said the man, bustling up to the stove, and kicking the damper open with his right foot. "Has . Winston gone to the house ?" I answered that he had. " When ? I was afraid of It." He drew out his watoh— a very fine one, I thought. "I shall not have time to go up," he Baid. "The train is due in fifteen min utes." " I there anything I can do for you ?" I asked, "I wanted to leave some money with WinBton. I intended to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a despatch that calls me home." " What name, sir ?" " Anderson, of Andersonville." I knew him then, though I had seen him but once before. He had been one of our : best western customers. I said had been, for the reason that during the past yaar he had no6 been so prompt. In fact, he was considerably behind, and Winston had that very day told me to write him, and " punoh him up a little," as he expressed it. The letter was then in the breast pocket of my overcoat. "You can leave the money with me, sir, and I will give you a receipt." He seemed to hesitate, which nettled me somewhat. I have never blamed anyone since, however. 6 "How much is my bill?" he asked, eying me sharply. I answered promptly, for I had struck the balance not more than half an hour be fore: "Two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds'." " Humph I less than I supposed. Write out a receipt for that amount." He left the stove, and came apd looked over my shoulder while I was writing .out the receipt. "It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know you now. You've been with Winston a long time. I ban tell your signature any where." He drew from an inside pocket a large black wallet very round and full, and count ing out eleven different piles of bank-notes, he told me to run them over. It was a short and eaBy task, for eaeh pile contained just twenty ten pound notes. The balance was in notes and sovereigns, and it took more time to count them ; but at last we got it so that both were, satisfied. At this moment we heard the whistle from the station. Anderson sprung for his travel- . ling bag, and giving me a hasty hand-shake was off on the run. I closed tbe door, and counted the money over again. Finding it all right, I wrapped a piece of newspaper around it, and Slipped it into my overooat pocket. I did not feel quite easy to have so much money about me, but as Winston's hpuBe was at least a utile distant, I oon-' oloded to keep it until morning, when I could deposit it in the bank. , I closed the damper again, drew on ?uy gloves, took the office key from the naff just over the door, and stepped opto pat out the. Ught. As I did to, I saw a bit of paper on the floor, whioh, on picking up, I saw was the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anderson. He had dropped it in his hurry. I put it in my poeket, and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to hiu. I would have done it then, but as the last mail for the day had soap out on' the train which took Mr. Andersen, I could do it just as well in the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a huriy that night, for I had an appoint ment ; and I may as well state here that it was with a young lady, Who, I hoped, would be my wife before many monthe elapsed. I hastened to my boarding plaoe, ate my supper, and then went over to Mr. Warner's, wearing the overaoat with the money in it, as 1 did not feel easy about leaving it hi my room. Carrie was at home, of oouree, si ihe was expecting me, and, leaving my coat and hat in the hall, I went into the parlor. X do not think a repetition o! on conver sation would be very interesting, so I will pass over it, merely remarking that nothing oeourred'to disturb ma nntil I arose to takol my leave. -Carrie went into the entry for my coat, and hat, that I might put them on by tbe; warm fire, but she oame back With only my hat- " Why, Fred, you certainly did not ven ture out on auoh a night aB this without an bvercoat ?" " No coat!" I exclaimed, in a dazed sort of a way— for the thought of the money, flash ing upon me so suddenly, had almost stunned me. j The next moment I tore paBt her like a madman, as I was. The coat was ' gone I ! 1 Then I was unnerved. 1 grasped at the stair-rail, and caught it just in time to sup port myself. ; Carrie oame running out, her lace turning pale with alarm. " Oh, Fred t are you sick? Let me call mother and the doctor. You are as white as a sheet," " No, no, Carrie 1" I entreated. " There, I am better now." And I was better. I was strong, all at once— desperately strong. And what brought about this change? Tbe simple reoeipt whioh I had in my pocket. Anderson had nothing to show that the money had been paid, and was not my unaided word as good as his ? I was foolieh enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident and quite easy at once. " There, Carrie, I am mnoh better now. The room was too warm, I guess. So some eneak-thief has dodged in and stolen my coat 1 Well, let it go. It waB only an old one, and I'll have a better." " But waa there anything in yout pockets ?" asked Carrie. It is strange how suspicious guilt will make us. I really thought that Carrie sus pected me, and au. angry reply waa on the end' of my tongue. I suppressed it, however, and uttered a falsehood in stead. " Nothing of consequence, Carrie. A Rood pair of gloves and some other trifling notions." w I am glad it is no worse, Fred, Now, if yon will w»it joit a moment, I #ffifet you , one vt lather's coats to wear come." | Thus equipped I left her. i You may guess th:»6 my slumbers that nighs were not very oand, nor very refresh ing. 1 never passed a morn miserable night, and in tiie morning my haggard looks were the subject of remark. " Way, Fred, you iook as though you had met a legion of ghosts last night," said Winston. " What iB the matter ?" "I have bad a bad niht of it," I an swered, with a sickly smile. " And you'll have another, if you're not careful. Yon had better keep quiet to-day. By-the-way, did you write to Anderson ?" I do not know how I managed to reply, for the question set me to shivering from h ad to foot, and I was bo week that I could scarcely sit in my chair.. I must have answered in the affirmative, however, for he said: " Then we may look for something from him to-morrow, or the next day?" Im mediately after he added, " Why, Fred, you shiver as tbopgh you had the ague, and you are sweating like a butcher 1 You're sick, man. Come 1 jump into my carriage, and I'll take you home." I was giad of the chanoe to get away, and reaching my room, I locked myself in. Winston sent a doctor round, but I refused to see him. Then he came himself, but I would not open the door. The landlady cams, then some of my fellow-boarders, but I turned them all away. ' Ah 1 those were terrible hours that 1 passed and the night coming on brought me no relief. Can you not guess what I was meditating ? Coward that I was, I had at last resolved upon eelf- destruction. I commenced my preparations . with the same calmness and deliberation that 1 would have used in the moBt common transaction. I wrote a short explanation for Carrie, another for Mr WinBton, a third for my poor mother, and I sealed them all. In a fourth envelope I enclosed the reoeipt to Mr. Andersen. All this accomplished, I went to my secretary and took oat the weapon of death. It was simply a revolver, small and in significant enough in appearance, but all sufficient. Having examined the cartridges to make sure that there would be no failure, 1 sat down before tbe fire, and placed the cold muzzle tp my forehead. In another second I should have been life less, but just as my finger began to press the trigger there oame a tap on my- door. It Startled me, and hastily concealing my weapon, I called out that I could admit no one." " Not me, Fred ?" I knew Carrie's voice, and yearning to look on her loved face got the mastery of me. Qaietly slipping the tell-tale letters, whioh 1 had left on the table, into my pocket, I opened tbe door. " Oh, Fred! yon are real sick," exclaimed Carrie, the moment the light lell on my face. "Why did yon not sent for me? Aren't you better ?" " Worse," I answered, huskily ; " but Carrie— good Heaven's I" As I uttared this exelamation I started back, and then forward ; and then— I hardly know what, for, hanging across Carrie's arm, was my overooat I Recovering from my astonishment, I snatched it from her, and thrust my hand intuthe poeket. I drew oat the two thousand two handred and fifty poundB. Yon have heard about, and perhaps seen, the singular oapers of a madman, or the wild antios of those crazed with rum, or the grotesque danoicg of savages. Well, judging from what Carrie told me andfrom the ap- pearanoe of my apartment after it was all over, I am led to believe that, were it possible to 'concentrate the three above mentioned species of demons into one, their capering and dancing would appear tame in compari son with mine that night. But I cooled down after a while, and just in time to save Carrie's head a thump from the ohahr or the waebstand, whioh I had seleeted as partners in my crazy waltz. Then I aBked for an explanation. It was the simplest thing imaginable. I do not know why I had not thought of it before. It. was simply a blander of Carrie's father. He had mistaken my ooat for his own, and worn it down town, never dreaming that a small fortune was lying idly in one of the pockets. Well, I didn't have the brain fever over the affair, bat I was next door to it. I made a clean breaBt of the whole thing excepting my attempt, or, rather, my resolve, at self de struction. - No "one ever guessed that part of it, and I tell it to-day for the first time. I sent Mr. Anderson his receipt, handed over the money to Mr Winston, and went right on with my duties, a wiser and better man, I hope. And to-morrow, God willing, T shall lead Carrie to the altar. 