Like a Chapter from Poe- From the little p:aiiie town of Wailit* Cherokee County, America, there come» a «tory of a Po»-like gruesomen«ss abaut a gravuîone that is credibly said to show on it» face tbe dimly-traced features of a rauril'erer. tk« ascasrin of the < Id couple whose remains lie buried underneath. The marvellous likenesx of this gravestone portrait ta the man, now that he is missing, after hiving once oeen suspected of the crime, has aroused the Prosecuting Attorney of the county to a vigorous search for him, while the superstitious country folk ' hereabouts for miles «round are making pilgrimages to the cemetery to see this wonderful manifestation of superaatural forces, for such it «eems to be. It Is more than likely that this most remarkable psychologic mystery will b« investigated by those past masters in the scientific pursuit of ghosts aud other death mysteries, the Society for Psyckic Research. But in none of their blood-curdling reports yet published has any psychic wonder had so many elements of ike phenomenal as this one in Iowa. The gravestone, a ph otograph of which, with i he hurnaa features mystically written across its face, was made by a photographer, marks the spot where lie an old Germa* couple, namai fichultz, who were murdered in their own home in the middle of the night. They lived a short distance from the town and were staying alone in the house at the time. The old man had brought home a few days before a considerable amount of money, which be hsd taken frem a bank on account of the panic. In the morning the old folks were found, their heads split open with an ai<=. and there were evidences that there had been a struggle. The money was gose. The murder created a great sensation on fcccount of its fearful details. There was nothing to indicate in any way who had committed it, but the neighbours suspecte J that the murderer might have been W. S. Florence, a hired hand who had been in the Schulties' employ until a short time before A. few weeks after the murder Florence left that section and went to Nebraska. As soon as he had gone the stories began t« gain mors currency than ever, »nd the result was i hat detectives were employed by the county authorities to hunt him dewn. He was found and taken back to Chcrekee County. The Grand Jury examined him, but for want of evidence discharged him. He promptly disappeared, and has not.been heard of since. About the "same time that the grand jury was engaged in the investigation of this case the relatives of the old couple had a plain marble headstone placed over theii grave. The grave was in a little country buryingground on the side of a hill, within sight of the house in which the murder had been committed. Before many weeks strange stories began to be told about. At first they were whispered about tbe neighbourhood, and the superstitious people of the ceuutryside shook' their heads wisely and often gathered in groups at the roadside or at the village blacksmith's shop. It was said the tombstone was slowly but surely developing human lineaments, just as a photographer's plate, under the action of chemicals, develops the lines in the negative. The first person to tell the story was an old woman, whe had also been the first to suspect Florence of the murder. It was received with incredulity, and even those whose curiosity led them to go and look at the stone deel-.red that the picture had no existence except in the imagination of the old woman. But she insisted that she could see a picture there, and that it represented the features of Florence. Frem time to time the eld lady declared that the picture was growing more and more plain. At last she convinced some of her friends that they, too, could see the features of a man on tbe stoce. The face continued to grow More ani moie distinct, and to be more and more talked abeut, until it attracted tbe attention ef the authorities. They inspected it, and the most unprejudiced were ce m pel led to admit that they could see the features of a man, A marble dealer was taken to see it. He declared that the features were being developed as a reiult of exposure to atmospheric influences of the rust and veins in the stone. He said it would continue to grow plainer. This prediction has now been verified. The picture en the slab has bseoae distinct to even the most caiual obseruer, and to-day there is not a person who knew Florence that does not declare that the features skow a startling resemblance to his. What is equally pïoph?Aic is tbe fact tfcvt since tbe picture has been developing on the stone, and the suspicion has beceme general that Florence was tbe murderer, there has developed evidence not known at tbe time, of his examinât ien before the grand jury, that points to the conclusion that he was really guilty. The Prosecuting Attorney of Cherokee C unty said to a newspaper representative that he was confident that he coald now prove tbe guilt of the suspected man, should he be located. But this seems to bs new impossible. Florence has dropped omt of the world, apparently. It is supposed that he has heard of the strange development*. and got as far away a« possible. 