OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. 0'ilOM Off' COttltESPONDRPfT.) i Monday. So far uothing definite is lo hand re the appointment of a Governor, although various rumors arc afloat. One is that the office is going begging in London, while another per sistently stat«B that the Ministry is en deavoring to perfect the scheme of elective Govorvors by indefinitely extending Obief Justice Way's term. Another appointment on which the Ministry is maintaining a | Sphinx-like silence is that of the Railway | Commissioner. It was again discussed at the last Oabinct meeting, but no definite sclcction was made. As the billet has not been advertised* it is very evident that the selection is confined to the three present commissioners. One has not the ghost of a show, bo that the contest iB narrowed down, but that is where the shoe pinches. One has the undoubted ability, but is an importation, while the ot-hcr, though he is no novice at the work, is a provincial. The latter counts for a lot- in this colonv. The results of the first experiment of send ing live sheep to London arc to hand, and muet be regarded as Satisfactory. The con signment was restricted to 20 sheep, and, although four died on the voyage, through over feeding, the net returns show a profit of something like 7s per head. The charges were exceedingly light, while the freight was only 10s each. If there is a sufficient, number of sheep of the same quality avail* 1 able there is a prospect of a lucrative trade, but some growers think a quantity of that standard cannot be maintained. * Now that the Queen's consent has been given to the Adult Suffrage Bill, and the franchise extended to all women over the age of 21, the conservative section is goiug to a lot of trouble and expense to get the names of their fair sex enrolled. Circulars coataising-full information have been widely distributed, and every means of securing female supporters is actively employed. It is interesting to note that the women of South Australia are the only ones in the world who have the privilege of sitting in either branch of the legislature, provided of course, that they are successful at. the poll. It is rather premature to speculate on tho possibility of female legislators in the next Varliamant, as tbe present one has 12 months to run. So far no woman's rightcr has stated her intention of entering the lists. An appeal of more than ordinary interest has been decided by the local court before I one of the judges. In the annual assessment | the St. Peter's Corporation included the head master's residence at St. Peter's ! I College as a rateable property, but tbe 1 management held that, being used for academical purposes, it was exempt, hence \ the appeal. The case was thoroughly ; threshed out by two of the smartest lawyers I 1 in Adelaide, and it resulted in the appeal I being upheld. The Corporation is not I satisfied with the decision, and has resolved , to refer the whole question to the Municipal ; Association, with a view of having tbe words I ' rateable property ' clearly defined. The codlin moth is evidently on tbe increase, or else the inspector is more on tbe alert. In 18SS an Act dealing with tbis pest was passed, but it was not until last week that a prosecution bad been instituted under it. The authorities stepped in at the 1 right time, as out of one case of apples I nearly two-thirds were infested, and a | number of the larva: of the moth were found in the crcvices of the case. With apples going at 2s a case it will be nec ssary for bu vers to be on their guard. We have had two months' experience of the hour zone time, and as there have been no complaints it must be inferred that the change gives every satisfaction. After the first morning the people dropped into the new style. The only exception 1 have heard of is a trader in a very small way, who persists in having his staff, consisting of one boy, at the office a quarter of an hour before clock time, and dismissing it fifteen minutes earlier. The change will benefit lighting companies, as the illuminant is required earlier than before. There is a vast difference in the interest displayed in the cricket match the English men are playingin Victoria to the subsequent one, The score boards at the newspaper offices arc almost forgotten, and the path traffic in those quarters is quite normal. Writing of cricket reminds me that a strong rumor is abroad that South Australia is to have five representatives in ihe next Aus tralian Klcven that visits England. Acting on the rumor Clem, 1JJ11 and Joe Darling have decided to give up football tbis season, so that theirinclueion will not be jeopardised by a probable injury in the field. Their I06S will be a heavy one to the Souths, who have already lost four good men through change of residence and other causes. Other clubs have also lost some sterling players, and unless there are a few competent juniors coming forward the prospects of the winter pastime are not paTticulnrly Tosy. Another senior club has been added to the associa tion. but it will not be dangerous for a year or two. A novelty, in the shape of the haunted swing, is promised us at an early date While in Melbourne recently I stumbled across Mr Middleton, who was running the affair in that city, and, of course. I tried the apparatus. It is certainly a clever illusion, as the rotary motion is distinctly felt, and it is hard to believe that the swing does not move, because the sensation and feeling of tops\ -turvcydown is complete. Coming back in the steamer 1 buoyed myself on the same principle, but it was no go. The motion was gt'Duine enough, and so was tbe The advent of Williamson and Musgrove's Cinderella Company has infused new life into theatre-goers. Following the example sot by the other colonics, the latter stead fastly refused to patronise legitimate drama, as recent visiting companies have found ouL but the Beductivc influence of a bevy ot females, whose clothing could be stowed away in a hat box, has put new life into them. The paotomimeis a great spectacular treat, and tbe lavish display of the female form divine has its attractions, but the talent is not extra prominent. However, t he latter counts for very little now. There was a time when artistic ability was recognised, but I am afraid that the pnblic taste has fallen to a music hall level of a v »rv ordinary quality. In the silent watches of the night the duiit-fl of a policeman arc not the cheeriest) and it must be a relief to some of tbern to 1 enliven the solitude with a wrestling match, | even if the opponent is only a beer bottle. 1 One guardian of the peace evidently found thin a most oongcnial break in the monotony, as be was discovered carlv one morning in a . brewer's yard, where he had no right 10 be. ! The brewer certainly gave him permission to look in now and again and moisten bis parchcd clay, but he drew the line at a big drunk. There was no evidence to connect the bobby with the disappearance of two hundred dozen bottles of beer during the past two months, but that number was in cluded amongst the missing. Tbere is a vacancy in the forc?i and an addition to the unemployed. 