RELIGIOUS SERVICES. WESLRYAN, GOLDEN SQUARE.—The Rev J. A. Westaeolt officiated at this church in the morning. He close as his text Psalm 35, part of the third verse, “Say unto my soul, [?] am thy salvation.” , This, said tho preacher, was & representative prayer, the prayer of tho 'natural man, , It tyae,'the.. prayor of every mail, the prayer of a troub,led heart. Trouble canio to every heartil enme from loss, perhaps, leas of properly, called it our properly, but wo were really only go Uuslocs. \Yo word appointed ns the slcvvmds of God. Trouble also came from loss of health, loss of position, or lose of respoci. .The greatest lose of all, however, was tho lu>8 of,the man who had lost his self, rospoet. Tho preacher spoke of tho comfort the, words of, Uio text, offered to the troubled, and wont on to any it was the prayer of the growing; Christian. Some Christians do not grow; much, and some had, not grown much for many years. It yvaB the will of God that wo should prow, spiritually, and it must bo grievous to the Great Father’s heart that •some are at a moral standstill. It was a great Jj-on.blo to tho father of a family if one of his |illfo ppca poaged to , grow, and wo can Imagine how no pains would ho spared by the father and mother to remove the physical defect from their child. If in spite of all this the child failed to grow it would bo a source of, continual trouble ; bub how much mare roust the Grout Father in heaven he grieved at any of His children not making the ppogrosa .which flo so dosiml, MSlfED Metropist, Calvin Street. —TbO Plinduy school anniversary of this ohu-oh was col cbm ted yislcrdny. The Rev C. Trcgcur at tho morning eorvico preached an instructive gddrgss, basing his remarks on tbo.elory. of young Ayaria}),'as recorded in Kings, Ho impressed upon parents tho duty t l >oy owed to their children, to foster the good that was in them, and over to lead their footsteps towards tho heavenly goal. At (he afternoon service the Rov . W. J. Bray gave a short address to the children, and ho also delivered a. brief sermon op tho story of Ruth. Tho Rev J. A. Wcstaootl officiated at the evening service, and also delivered a short and np propria to address to tho juvenile portion of tho congregation. In place of the usual ser mon a. in two parts _ was given, the-first part being taken by the young men, pod the second part by young women, The which was entitled ‘ITbia man repojyplh sinners and ootelh with them,” was apply rendered,' ond[had'great effect upon the congregation. During tho offertory a little, girl, Miss Old, sang a solo very sweetly. The singing' was led. by Mr H. Stanislrotft, and 'Miss Nicholls presided at the organ. The musical portion of. the service was also assisted by. a. brass band. The church was crowded at each service. The anniversary will be further celebrated by an entertainment iu the church to-night Wesleyan CuimoH, — The of . this church was celebrated yesterday by Jhreo special services. The Rev W- Blackwell of .Albert Pat}t who preached la tbp morning, took'as his text Luke; 22nd pjbepier ; p2nd verso. —if Wh.cn thou art con* xprlpd strengthen Ihy hl’olhprn,' 1 also Acts; 1st chapter; 8th verso.—“Blit ye ihnll receive power after that the Holy Ghost is epmo upon you.” He commenced by giving an interest- Jog outline-of tho life of Poter, to whom the first text was addressed by Jesus Christ. Ho showed the.difference between bis life before and after he received tho Holy .Ghost Before that" lime Peter was a follower of Christ, n member of tho inner circle of His disciples, and a close friend of Christ, but lacked power and strength, and proved the cowardiat pf ail as soon as ho was put to (ho tests. It wjep ap awful thing to conaider the number of djepi jijbio pbould be fathers in Christ, but who jjnow so JiU'Jjo' of! Him. There was too much carnality ond wbrldjliness about ipany Christians of to-day for them to have power to. fight the world,. tho flesh and the dovil. He urged them to cultivate a spirit of straightforward honesty and fearless uprightness. In the afternoon tho Bov. A. B. Rofo preached an interesting sermon from Genesis, 32nd chapter, 28lb verse, “And Ho said thy nemo shall bo called no more Jacob but Israel, for as a prince bast thou power with God and men and hast prevailed.” In the evening tho Rov Black well again presided. Tho choir, under Mr J. ,H, Richards, rendered special music. This evening tho usual tea and public mooting will hie hclit in the schoolroom, ' Baptist Cuxmcji, Hargreaves Street,— Thei : ]Sev G. A. Weller preached yesterday morning, taking a« hjs test Romans, 8ih chapter, 14lb and 15th verses; “For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they aro tho sons of God, For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but yo have received the spirit of adoption, whereby wo cry, Abba, Father.” The pronuhor said this chapter is well suited to tho Church of God. The theme in tho 8th. chapter is very different “to that in the 7th chapter. All through tho 7th chapter the writer is striving to free himself of something, the weight of which is keeping him back. Under this great burden be cries out in despair— Who shall deliver roe?” Still, the darkest part of the night is the hour preceding morn, and so it wos with him. The Spirit showed it him as it Is in Jesus. All through tho fith’..chapter he is getting wonderful blessings. But all do not oujoy the bless ings that are intended for thorn. The • 8th diopter all through refers to the Holy Ghost. Firstly, we have testimony, as pointed out by the text, “Tho Spirit itself benrelb witness with tho Holy Spirit.” TUo Holy Spirit also boarcth witness with our spirit. The carnal mind cannot see beauty in Jesus Christ. It is blind to things made for its eternal peace. They hoar not truth as it is in Christ. When the Spirit searohes a man He begins deep down in the inner roan. The Spirit of God comes not to the soul until it comes to praise and stop. Tie Holy Ghost saves us. If this is the spirit’s testimony t|mt leads ns to tho throne, let us consider tlm wonderful privileges of the children of God—the sons of God. In the second place let as remember that wb are the heirs of God, joint heirs with Jesus Christ. If we suffer for God and with Him wb sbal! he crucified together. Congregational Cnunon.—Last evening tbe Rev A. B. Rofo preached upon “Abraham,” being tho first of a series of discourses'- upon Old Testament characters. He the call from his kindred and country to on unknown land, and the faith pbjph jod the patriarchs instantly to obey the divine command. Ho shared in common wilh some few tho belief in monotheism, and removed from Enrrounding endangering that faitb. But he stood out very prominently as the recipient of o divine revelation wherein bo became a party to the covenant which God bad Instituted with him as the father of tho Jewish race. The supernatural visitations wore an alteration of the truth of tho tradition that God in tho earliest ages had communed with'men, and also a partial prophesy of an 'assumption by' Deity nit somo future timo pf incarnation; One of theso manifestations afforded Abraham the opportunity of inter cessory prayer, Vrhich was the highest form 'of' petition, and" into wliioli ho could only have gradually grown as ho realised the . Divine readiness to answer prayer ill any degree. This was tho typo and pattern of all the truest and noblest petition through tbe entire scriptures, and was tho olioraoteris ,'tic of the pra/ors also of Moses, Samuel, Rlijob and Jesus. It could only bo offered 'when upon these great souls came the refin ing fire of the Divine Spirit cleansing them from the dross of selfishness, snd in that Divine purgation enabling them . to fool the burden of their follow creotures needs resting ’lipon them- Thus tho patriarch was'enabled; • to plead for Sodom' and Gomorrah until to j W/jmpoHunato pleading and repeated ineris- Wnco came tho wonderful assurance' In re sponse, M I will not destroy it for ten’s sake.” And If In the likeness of bis faith wo would Become intercessors, similar answers to our petitions would now bo granted, It was the man’s enormous faith wbioh gavo him tho power with and the secret of tho \- church’s look of • power, ond result to-day was probably because she had not learnt the Master’s assurance of a response to the prayer of oven two persons who wero united lb their petitions. The subject will bo con* • lirtuod on 1 Sunday week. 1 Salvation Army, Eaglbhawk. —.Tho annual harvest thanksgiving 'festival in con-- Boetioo with the Ifiaglohawk detachment of the'Salvation Army waft celebrated yesterday in the" barraoks, The .boUdl'ig was amply decorated With corn, fruits, and flowers, gdrvioep wero' held morhipg,- aftorno'on, ond oyonjhg; being ’presided' over by Captain \- Ripper/ In the nfernbon special nnisio was Sroyided, solos; being rendered .by several lombore,. This evening a service will bo \- bold at-14)0. barracks followed by a coffee booial.aftor which the goods uked in decorating trill be sold by auction. ! 