TUPO, THE PAKEHA I A MAORI ROMANCE. ? nv ?i ATHA WESTBURY. (Continued.) . ; ; CHAPTER XXI. Te Ranga's Whare. ' When Philip Ormond awakened out ' of that stupor, into which he had been thrown by the meris of his foes, he ? found himself laying full length upon ? a soft couch of skins, scarcely able to : move. ' He was not in the bush, nor ' was it night. His power of vision, ; aud indeed all his faculties, were so benumbed and stupified, that he could j not clearly make out the objects by : which he was surrounded. There was i one thing that impressed itself upon his dawning consciousness, viz., that ? he was a prisoner in the hands of the ! Maories. It stood out prominently ! in the long and painful dream he had undergone. I By degrees his sight became stronger ! his impressions clearer. Looking ; round he found himself the j sole occupant of a long, low-roofed department, without a fireplace. The I furniture — if it merited the name — j consisted of a table and some low I seats, like stools, covered with qunint : devised patterns - of colored flax and beads. Thick matting, woven from swamp rushes, lined the walls, and : covered the floor ; while above him, I on the rafters that sustained the roof, : hung suspended several meris tom ahawks, and a circle of feathered spears. Philip Ormond had never been in a Maori whare before, yet he knew that this was one, and no com mon one either, to judge by the neat appearanc of the room, and the pecu liar carving of the legs belonging to the table and the stools, and especially by the garnishment bestowed on the matting aud the weapons of war. Turning from a survey of the place to his own condition, he .found his right aim bandaged from wrist to . elbow. It gave him great pain when he attempted to move it. His head also presented the appearance of the Grand Turk, for it was swathed in many folds of cloth- His uniform was torn to shreds, and his revolver case empty. Had the unfortunate captain been capable of thought at that moment, he would have regretted his stupidity in trusting himself to the tender mercies ? of the Maori girl, for it ought to have ; been plain to him that she possessed the hereditary instincts of her race, and hated the Pakeha in her soul. He lay there utterly helpless, - watch-. ? ing a streak of sunlight that had found its way through a chink in the door, playing upon the quaint tapestry on the wall, and upon a pile of skins, i whereon a large cat lay, winking -and blinking at him. Within his confused brain, the devices on the matting took . shape, and assumed the faces of people he had known, who grinned and leered at him in mockery. From this state he fell into a long and refreshing sleep. Some one singing outside the whare ' roused him. He sat up and listened. 1 He had slept several hours, and felt much better. To Ormond's astonish ? ment, the song was an English one, and rendered in a somewhat shaky but ' mellow voice, and in very plain En glish.- Wlnt did it mean ? Was there ? a Maori who understood English so well that he could render a song in the language like an Englishman ? I Before the captain had time to re ? : cover from his surprise, the form of a man darkened the low, narrow door ' : way of the whare. The intruder was tall, for he had to stoop as he entered, ? and he stood erect again when he reached the centre of the room. His hair was grey, and his beard, which extended over his breast, was of the same silvery hue, giving the !old man the aspect of an ancient Druid. His face was dark, and furrowed with deep lines — marks of care or thought, rather than of mere age His mouth- the most expressive feature in a man's face, ? was completely hidden by. his thick 'moustache. He stood in the middle : of the hut, with his hands behind his I looking at the captain, butwithout ; speaking. | Ormond gazed at him from top to * ; toe, then rose himself on his elbow. ; I ' Was it you whom I heard sing ling? ' he enquired. The old man's eyes opened a little at the question. ' Yes, it was I,' he ' answered slowly, and in a soft drawling !??-' undertone. 'I ' 'Then you can speak English?' said the prisoner, eagerly. ~ 'Of course. What do you require ?' he replied in the same tone as . before. 'Pardon me, you are not a .Maori.' 'No. That is to say, I was not ? born of the race. Nevertheless, I am a Maori, if living amongst them for years; speaking their tongue, and hav . ing a liking .; for, them can make me one.' The old man seemed to be disin clined to be questioned turther, but he promptly showed a willingness to at tend to the wounds and bruises of the captive. 'Your arm is not broken,' said he, after examining the limb. ' Indeed, I ought to be grateful, sir. Perhaps you will inform me into whose dutches I have fallen,' replied the patient with biting irony, The oid man raised his eyes sharply to Ormond's face. ' Your curiosity is i Before your judgment,' said he. It | is quite natural to be curious, but it is dangerous in the whares of the Maori' at a time like this, when there is war between them and the Pakeha. What is your name ?' 'Now, I like that.' answered Ormond. ' You first rebuke me for being inquisitive, and conclude your caution by asking my name. How ever I have . no reason to conceal my name, It is Ormond — Captain Philip Ormond, Forest Rangers, Pray let me know yours ?' The dark visage of the stranger broko into a smile. There was no mirth in it ; no illumination of the deep lines with which the face was furrowed. If Philip , Ormond could say it resembled anything he could think of at the moment, it was a ray. of moonlight streaming athwart the features of a corpse. ' Sir, you are a true specimen of your race,' he answered gravely. ' Allow me to examine your, bruises without further questions, open your shirt, and take your arm out of the sleeve, that I may inspect your back. Nothing there but a bruise or two. You are whole so far. Pray remain as you are for a moment.' He went out of the hut, and soon returned with a calabash, containing a dark colored fluid, and some soft flax. He took a tuft of the latter, and bathed the captains wounds .vith it, replacing the bandages as before. This kind of surgery was simple enough of itself, but it gave the young man almost im. mediate relief. The effect produced reflected itself in the prisoner's face and caused a return of that peculiar smile to the weather beaten features of his companion,' Knowledge is power you see. That way of dressing wounds is non-prof essional most likely. Yet in a case like yours it is better thart all the doctoring in New Zealand.i You will be all right in a day or ttvo. 'In the meantime, let me advise you to lie still, and do not attempt to pry into matters which do not concern you The Maori is a strange animal. His eyes are keen, and his ears sharp. Good bye. i ' Stay one moment, sir. You have i been much kinder to me than I had i reckoned. Favor me a little more, and inform me where I am ?' 'This is Te Papa,' answered . the ; old man ; a Maori settlement. ,It be- 1 longs to oneof the most powerful and warlike tribes in the Island. 'This, is the hapu of Te Ranga.' ' Te Ranga ? The friend and con- ? federate of that detestable villain Tupo i Nay, good sir, if I have been so unfor- ! lunate as to fall into such bloody.com-. | pany, I pray you as a white ? man, give i me the benefit of fhat knife in your i sash there, rather than leave me to the i fate and the death of a dog.' I 'Peace !' uttered the old man in a | whisper, but yet in a. voice so fierce, j that it sounded like the hiss of a huge j snake. ' Are you so careless of your life that you must jeopardise it for a few empty words. Tupo is not here I but his friends and his spies are every I where. Te Ranga is a great chief. If i he had decided on your death', your! eyes would not have seen the sun to day. Be warned.' Truly the chief has been more mer- ! ciful toward me than to many Pakeha's i who have fallen into his clutches,' re sponded Ormond. ' Perhaps so. Te Ranga has a daughter whom he loves. The young j eaglet pleaded for your life.' i ' Really, I am grateful to her fo , | boon, but her clemency seems a | dox after betraying me into the hands | of my enemies. I 'You are mistaken,' answered the old man, with sudden vehemence. Hene is incapable of such baseness. Had it not been for her interference on'your behalf, the warriors would have killed you on the spot, for you must I be aware that it is not usual for Maories to talce prisoners for the purpose of keeping them alive. Your instant death was a matter of absolute cer tainty, but for Hene.' ' How came there ?' asked the cap tain after a pause, I Upon the shonlders of Te Ranga's warriors, Hene had been to visit an old Maori lady on the Patea, and finding she did not return, the chief dispat ched the party who captured-, you, to seek her. 'They must have thought you a great Rangatira, for to convey. a burded on their shoulders, or to ' make a back ' for anybody, is about the last thing you can get a Maori warrior to do, but they love the child. Yet what induced her to think of bringing you here I can't imagine; unless that see ing you lie senseless, she could not leave you in the bush, where, you might die of your wounds before morning. At her request, I have at tended you.; But we need not talk any more at present. I fancy we shall have plenty time for chatting by and bye. In the meantime you must be quiet and get well. While ! you are under my care, no one will dare molest you. 'You are Kiti, the Maori doc tor?' I am. This is my home, and the Maories are my people, and I am familiar with all their ways, and they trust me. I have spoken.' . With' these ? woids, the old man strode out of the hut, closing the door after him. Philip Ormond lay back upon his i couch, and pondered over the events j which had taken' place within the last icw hours. . He was a prisoner, and in spite of Kill's protestations to the contrary, he had been betrayed in the hands of the Maori by the girl Hene. He could not conjecture what might be involved j in such a fate— whether death or a long confinement, or a mere adventure lhat might have some peculiar pleasures to compensate for ils inconvenience. From his helpless condition, the prison ers thoughts wandered to the strange being who had just left him. Kiti was evidently an Englishman, but thor oughly acclimatised ; there could not be a shadow of a doubt about it. He had shown no emotion at the sight of one of his own race. — perchance the only one he had looked upon for years. Nay, he had been reluctant to tell his name or to enter into conversation. The smile upon his face seemed but as a flitting ghost of some painful memory of the past buried away somewhere within him. What sore affliction — what crime had this old man com mitted that he should have sought a home here in the wilderness with a savage race ? The captain's reflections were in terrupted by the entrance of a Maori woman. She was stout and aged, and clothed in a long, loose, cotton print, of a brown colour,-- almost black in places with dirt. She was without covering either on the head or feet, and the only attempt at ornament was a greenstone image worn about the neck. Her features were broad and large, and thoroughly disfigured with being tattoed. Most races have endeavoured to improve the human face by disfiguring it, in which art the New Zealanders have outstripped them all by their painful custom of tattooing. Accord ing to tradition, the first settlers in New Zealand were not tattooed on their faces ; but soon after their ar rival the custom arose of blackening their features in going to battle, 'and when wars became frequent, in order to be always ready, Rewhari, a noted chief, suggested the idea of rendering the lines permanent. To tattoo elegantly is a difficult art, and good artists have a fame in New Zealand similar to our besl portrait painters in England. The implements required are a slight stick, 18111 long, for a mallet, and an instrument not unlike a horse lancet, which is pointed with bone or iron. The figure to be [ tattooed is first painted on the skin, 1 and then the point of the lancet is dipped into a pigment of Kauri gum and driven with the mallet sharply through the skin. This abominable process is very painful, and many have 1 perished undfcr the operation ; but, | thanks to the white settlers, the prac i lice has almost disappeared from the | Maoris of the present day. The native woman carried in her I arms a wooden dish containing yams 1 and a large slice of pork, which she i;placed on the table. Going out again, 1 she quickly returned with a gourd of clear water.- She pushed the table close to the couch on which reposed] the captive, and began to make signs 1 to him to arise and eat. | i Ormond looked at her - in amaze- 1 | ment, but did not obey, whereupon the 1 ; Maori caught him in her arms and placed him bolt upright before the I smoking mess, and left him to enjoy j I his meal. ? . . ? .. j Days rolled by, and Philip Ormond I recovered rapidly. Yet he was kept a close prisoner, his hut being watched by a constant guard. His only visitors were the Maori who administered to , his wants and the old man Kiti. Lat-. terly, however, the doctor had been accompanied by the chiefs daughter, Hene. The girl would enter the whare and place herself on a sool near the couoh, and sit staring with her large black eyes upon the captive, but with out uttering a syllable. Once, during the temporary absence of Kiti in search of some lotion, Ormond placed himself beside her, and attempted to take her hand within his- own ; but, to his sur prise, Hene started back from him in terror, the rich blood mantling over her neck and . face, and her lithe form [ quivering with emotton, a circumstance I which plunged the captain into a brown I study when he was once more alone. j ' CHAPTER XXII. | The War Dance. I ? ? : I From the moment that Philip Ormond found himself a prisoner two ideas had possession of all his mind, viz., that he would aitempt to escape at all risks ; and secondly, he would endeavour to learn something relative to the fate of Corporal Cartridge. T01 the accomplishment of the latter he 1 wiih consummate skill, introduced the subject to Kiti, but individual refused point blank to tender away information whatover. The captain was not a man to relinquish auy object he had madei up his mind to accomplished. ? He! therefore, tried the daughter of -Te Ranga, and was more successful in his enquiry. . From Hene he learned thar the veteran had been brought to the hapu in a very helpless condition, through loss of blood, and that, by the attent ion and skill of Kiti, the old Pakeha had almost recovered. I The captain expressed a desire toi share the same whare with his brother) captain, and I-Iene promised she] would use her influence to that 1 effect. ? . . . . The captain felt more hopeful. If the Maori girl accomplished heri mission, and placed them, together, 1 Ormond felt confidant ihey could 'escape from the hapu. The chief's daughter came every day to his whare, but she was no long er accompanied by Kiti. . During her ] first visits, Hene had -assumed a diguified^ reserve, but by degrees her coldness 'of manner had given place to a frank and cordial affability, which ? was very charming. j To do the prisoner ' justice, he neither sought nor shunned the girl's J company. ? The ordinary Maori fe males are by no mean attractive. Yet Menu was decidedly so. She had a slim, but well developed figure, and though her skin wus dark, it was not daiker than lhat of many women of Southern Europe. Her hands and feel were small, and models of beauty while the magnificence of her long glossy, raven hair might have created the envy of the loveliest belle. Nor was it only in regard to her outward appearance that Hene was attractive. Her intellectual character was replete with interest Familiar with all the ideas and habits of her own race, she had acquired a 'knowledge of the English language sufficient to inbibe all the thoughts which a man like Kiii might convey to her mind in long association, The mental doubleness which had thus evidently grown with her growth imparted a peculiarity to her way of looking at things, and speaking of them, which caused her manner at times to appear odd, but,there was a freshuess in her ideas, and a point in her questions, that rendered conversation with her uncommonly piquant. The prisoner and his visitor were both inquisitive in regard to each other's character and belongings, and it was quite natural that undei the circumstances in which he was piaced, Ormond should find her sociey enjoyable beyond all anticipation. Hene, often puzzled him by the qnastions she asked, She had a keen sense of justice, and equally keen perception of the wrongs which she believed to have been in flictcd on her race. She understood the teachings of the missionaries and the ideas of Kiti so far as to ? perceive clearly enough that there are certain principles inconsistent with Christi anity, and certain things utterly for bidden by it ; and yet these very prin ciples she heard avowed, and these very things she saw done by people who were called Christians. She had heard the missionaries tell the Maoris that it was wrong for them to fight, and it sorely perplexed her to com prehend how it was that Pakeha Chris tians were such fighters Another mental perplexity was the drunkenness she had witnessed at the settlements Her face expressed. the loathing with which she regarded the baneful and destructive habit. 1 ' Why do the Pakehas drink and go i mad ? ' she asked. ' In every place ! you sell grog, the Maoris drink it, and then slay each other. Before the Pakeha came the tribes had no rum ; now it kills many, many. It is very j bad.' I It availed the captain nothing to say I that it was unfair to judge the colonists by the worst specimens of them, there being good, bad, and indifferent them, as amongst her own people. 'Yes, yes, I know,' she replied; '? but that not enough. If Pakeha re ligion better than Maori religion it should make all the Pakeha people better than the Maori. But. many Pakehas far worse than the Maori — much.' ' People cannot be made better by force,' rejoined Ormond, smiling. ' What do you mean ? ' she asked. ' Pakeha roligion say one thing, Pa keha people do anothea. I do not understand. What Maori people say, and what Maori people do, are same thing.' ' Quite so,'' answered the captain. The Maori religion is on a level with Maori manners and customs. But our religion is better than our habits, or our thoughts either, and for that leason there is a great difference from what we know to be right and what we do.' ' It is a mystery. I do not under stand,' replied the girl ; and no doubt she spoke the truth.- The Maori, like all who arc accustomed to the con tinuity of thought, feeling, and doing, which characterises mental life am ongst the lower races, must find it ex ceedingly difficult to appreciate the difference between precept aud prac tice so common elsewhere. There was another matter in re gard to which Hene showed great ln quisitiveness. She wished to know if Ormond was married. The Maori was gazing down upon the matted floor when she asked the question, and did not observe the ferribie look that sud denly came o'er her companion's face at the inquiry. He did not answer her, and she looked up at him in some surprise. For the first time she no ticed the ugly scar upon his face, and, with womanly inconstancy, forgot her former question in a moment in her curiosity to know how and where he received the wound. 1. He laughed at her, and evaded her questions ; but she proceeded in a cir cuitous sort of way to procure the gratification of her wish. Then began a bloodless duel between them of col loquial thrust and parry, which ended in her utter defeat, and she rose up jeft him with a pout upon her lips. Next day she came again to visit liim, and brought with her a small wooden salver, curiously carve'd, on which there were several grains of coarse salt. Hene placed it on the table, and invited him to partake o( the seasoning- substance with; her, which he did, and when the ceremony was ended the girl, placing her hand in his, told him that from henceforth she was his friend — his true friend, and that neither time, nor place, nor peace, nor war, nor anything he might do unto her or her race, could destroy the com pact, She took from her 'breast a small eagle, fashioned out of the highly prized greenstone, attached to which was a chain of costly beads. This she placed round his neck, and bade him remember her by that talisman. She threw open the door of ;the whare, and beckoned him out into the bright starlight. (to be continued). 