UNIVERSITY EXTENSION LECTURES. Popular lectures are not invariably an unmixed public blessing. A generation ago the world was overrun by gentlemen who were ready to deliver themselves at enort notice upon any and every subject in addresses of the type which caused the genial Artemus Ward to remark, 'There's more information to be got out of a well-conducted newspaper— price three cents— than there is out of ten popular lectures.' Even at the present day it would not be difficult to name several popular lecturers who, even ia recent years, have come to Aus tralia with high-sounding reputations for eloquence and eiudition, whose de liverances have conveyed scarcely the ghost of a reasonable idea in return for the time and ready cash expended by patient and long-suffering audiences. It may, therefore, be accounted somewhat risky for the Council of the Univer sity, in announcing the inauguration of a series of University extension lectures, to describe them as ' popular.' From the advertisements which have appeared in our columns it will have been noted that already two courses have been arranged for, and it is understood that two others are in contemplation. There vcan be no doubt that this new movement, if wisely conducted, may be made productive of much benefit to studiously inclined persons among the general public ; but it is essential that the mistake of attempting to render tha lectures attractive and nothing else should be most cire'ully avoided. In past years tho experiment of enlisting the willing services of the University professors and lecturers for the delivery of 'popular' addresses upon special subjects has been tried with cornnara ivelyindifi'ereat success. It does notatal^ follow, however, that the schema agreed upon by the University Council at its last meeting is doomed to failure. On the contrary, we believe, as we stated a couple of years ago when we first suggest d the initiation of the Uni versity extension movement in South Australia, that there is ample scope for usefulness before this new educational agency. The fatal error committed by many of the pioneers of the movement in the old country has been that of attempting to accomplish far too much with the limited time and means at their disposal. Enthusiastic young students have gone forth from Oxford, Cam bridge, and other great scholastic centres as missionaries of learning and of culture to the sm -ke-bi»grimed cities of tho Midlands aud the Black Country. M-ntal problems which have oilared no difficulty to the lecturers them selves, inured as they have been to habits of close-thinking, have been set before the toil-wearied multitudesof Birmingham ani Manchester, and with a confidence begotten of inexpeiience vast areas in the realms of knowledge have been hastily traversed without producing much prac tical or permanent result. The conse quence has been that opportunities have been furnished for the sneers of such Bcofiers as Mr. Charles 'Whibley, who, last August, in the pages of the Nintccaith Century wrote: — 'What do wa liiid for the characteristics of University exten sion 1 No continuity, but a persistently restless change of interest ; no thorough ness, buc a hasty contentment with tho easiest smattering. It is not the Uni versity that dictates the course, but the local committee, at whose feet the University kneels with cap in hand.' In other words, the people say whit they want to study, and the University undertakes to provide for the satisfaction of that want. In the ease of tho S»uth Australian scheme there is, we believe, an intention, should sufficient en couragement offer, to extend the lecturing system to other centres of population besides Adelaide, and, as the Professors are giving their services gratui tously, the preceede, -in the sbipe of admission fees from students, wi 1 be devoted to the purpose of carrying tho work further afield. It is only by accomplishing something of this kind that the movement can really justify its title of University Extension. The initial idea which prompted the pioneer lecturers in England was that of carrying the benefits of University culture to the pcople$of other cities besides those which happened to have collegiate institutions in their midst. Iu the case of this colony the fact that the University is subsidized by funds from the public exchequer is cortainly a strong additional reason for endeavouring to widen tho range of its usefulness. The intention of the movement is obviously in every way admirable, and the promoters are to ha complimented upon tha public-spirited way in which thay have coma forward and offered their services. The existing system 6f even ing lectures for eoma of the ordinary University courses entails a certain amount of inconvenience upon the pro fessors, but they are evidently de termined to spare no pains to make tha institution with which they are associated useful and popular. From the published notification of the course of lectures undertaken by Professor Mi chell it might be imagined that his efforts would be in danger of failing by reason of his attempting too much in the time allotted to him. To ade quately treat the subject of 'Eng- lish Literature and Philosophy' in eix lectures would certainly ba — to us8 a colloquial phrase — 'a very largo order' indeed. From the syllabus, however, we learn that the announce ment in this respect conveys an erroneous impression, as Mr. Mitchell intends to confine his survey to the writers of the years from 1700 to 1750. Even in this more circumscribed view of the task it seems plain that only a general Bum mary of the salient features of English literature and philosophy in the ' Golden Age' will ba practicable. The Professort of Mathematics and Physics intends to direct his attention to the single topic oi ' Radiation,' and will no doubt be b a position to go minutely into it. \ It is, we believe, in the direction of taking a limited field aud traversing it thoroughly that the beet chance of success will be found. Public leotures are principally of value in that they serve to whet the appetite of the hewor for information on a particular subject, and thus to induce him to learn more ex tensively from books at hi3 own leisure. It is, in short, by treating fully and com pletely of one department of knowledge that each lecturer will accomplish most effectually hia main object of conveying to his hearers an impression that his favourite branch of study is amply worthy of being taken up with zest and followed out with earnestness. In this relation it is satisfactory to note that the Central Agricultural Bureau is likely to concentrate the discussions at the next Congress in Adelaide upon one important subject instead of allowing them as in the past to roam over a wide area embracing nearly every department of agronomy* This course was recommended by us when the last Congress took place, and we believe it will be found oomlu*;™ *. the best interests of the Bureau and its branches, and of rural industries in general. Accession Dal— Monday, June *.'4, in lieu of Thursday, June 20, ht»3 bean proclaimed as a publio holiday iu celebration of liar Majesty's aoeision to the throne. Thursday's Parliament.— In the Assembly on Thursday Mr. Graiuger gave notice of a Constitution Bill— presumably to liberalise the Legislative Couuoil franohise. Mr. Griffiths pat a number of questions about the native outrages oa the Viotoria River, but tbe Treasurer, who had seat a troopar to tbe scene, had not sufficient information to justify a promise to permanently strengthen the polioe force ia the distriot. He would not sanction an expedition, to indiscrimi nately Bfaoot blaoks. Mr. Griffiths was irate at the suggestion, but sould cos get any satisfaction troai tbe Minister. Mr. Caldwell satirically asked if the Government would make provisiou for more adequate representa tion of tbe Northern Territory. The Premier facetiously replied that after the recent proof of the industry of the members it was un necessary. Tbe Comujuisioner cf Crown Laudb cold Mr. Price tbas oGots to sell land (or further blocks at Goodwood had bsoa re ferred to tlia Inspector for report. The Minister of Kduu*tiou would not give Mr. Wood ? school for Islington. The Commissioner of Publio Works informed his colleague for Start that the question of erectiD-r a shelter shed at tbe Goodwood railway station would be considered by the Railway Commissioner in connection with the purchase of the Glenelg Line. Mr. McDonald eiioited that the 001 1 of tooonstructiuK the St. Hilda embankment wu £260 ; it would not be an annual cbarge, and it was proposed to utilize the laud by letting it in small holding* io as to sweeten it. The Premier promised Mr. Griffiths to oon«iderthe Japan commercial treaty with a view to concerted Australian aotion. Major Castine discovered that tha applications under the Lake Boaney Settlement Act were S3 paying settlers and 1,038 working settlers. In reply ta Mr. Hftgue a* to Paraons v. Bcny thoo, the Premier did not believe it wise, unless directed by the House, for the Crown law officers to review judicial decisions. Tbe Government proposed to abolish useless Seohnical objeotione. If directed to act in the oaae referred to, owing to tbo faot that bis firm were interested, ha should probably a=k the Chief Secretary to deal with it. The Premier to Mr. Blacker defended tbe employment of bicycles for police purposes. Mr. Hourigan learat that it was proposed to deal with the neoessity for greater postal facilities at Thebarton upon tbe Estimates. Mr. MoPheraon was told that it was impos sible to entirely avoid glut officer! and over time in connection with tbe Adelaide Customs, Messrs. Gilbert, Cook, Archibald, and Glynn, and Sir John Dowaersnade contributions to tbo debate on the Address in reply, whioh was not complete when tbe Houce rose at 0.10 p. in. The Legislative Council Seats.— The promise of tbe President of tbe Legislative Counoil tbat more tables and seats would be furnished by tbe next day of meeting will be given effect to by tbe Government before next Tuesday. Four smell tables will be placed at the eastern end of the Chamber, abutting oa tbe present tables, two on eacb side of tbe cangway. The Hon. E. Ward will there find » seat unless the Hon. W. Russell makes way (or him and allows him ?' to fight with his (aoe to tbn foe.' Tub Latb Railway Commis3iosehs.— A meeting of the committee wbiob bad charge of the arrangement* for the reoent suooassf ul banquot to the late Railway Commissioners was held on Thursday afternoon at tbe Secre tary's ofiice to arrange the date of tbe presen tation to Mr. J. H. Smith. As that gentle man ii absent from tbe colony nothing definite could be deoided, but a telegram was sent to him asking what date will Da suitable to him for the making of the presentation. Mb. Michael Davitt.— Oa Saturday Mr. Davitt will leave Adelaide for the village aettlenents, returning in time to carry oat his tacairemenU at Broken Hill and Pstora bar*. He will lecture in tbe Adelaide Town Hall on Jans 24 in aid of the St. Vincent De Paul Orphanage- The subject will be 'Tbe FrogreM of tbe Home Bule Cauiv' . The Govebkhest Cool Stobb.— Another O3ol ohambur is to be constructed immediately at tha Government cool store at Fort Ade laide. At present it is found that a consider able amount of cold is loss in opening tha doors when the temperature is low. The addi tional chamber, whioh will ba ready in about three weeks, will be opposite to the present chamber;, so that a vestibule containing chilled air will be left between them. Tha new chamber will be fitted with additional solution walls specially adapted for refrigera ting poultry, pork, and dairy produce generally, so that the temperature can be re duoed ia tbe shortest possible time. Electbic Lighting for Port Adelaide.— At tbe meeting of tbe Port Adelaide Corpora tion oa Thursday evening it wai decided to oall for tenders for a system of eleotrio lighting for tbe town, as recommended by the Eleotrio Li^btiug Committee. Early Closing.— To maintain publio in teresfcin tbe early-closing movement tho Retail Assistants' Association have arranged to bold a publio ineetiutr in the Norwood Town Hall on Saturday evening. Tbe Mayor of Ken sington and Norwood will preside, and addreseea will be delivered by the Hona. A. A. Kirkpatrick, M.L.C., and W. A. Robin son, M.L.O., Mr. F. W. Coney bi-er, M.P., and the Reve. H. T. Burgees and W. Penry Jones. The Locomotive Esginseh.— Hr. Thomas Roberts, the Looomotive Engineer, returned from Melbourne on Thursday morning. He was invited by the Government of Victoria to make an inspection of tbe railway rolling stook and workshopi in that colony. Having made a minute examination in accordance with the request of the Government, Mr. Roberts gave evidence before ths Commission which is sitting to consider the condition of the rail ways. Ths Manager of the Union Bask.— Mr. C. W. RusseU, the Manager of the Union Bank, who has been for a trip to New Zea land, has returned to Adelaide and returned duty. Mr. Kasiell spent an enjoyable holi day, aud is in much better health. Mr. Alotsius McDoxaxd.— Mr. Aloysius McDonald, Manager of the Bank of New South Wales, woo has been suffer in ? for some time from ill- kealtb, went to Melbourne on Wednesday for a week'a holiday. LAND SALES.-The Land Office report tbe following land sales :— Dangerous reef, east of Port Lincoln, upset price, £5 ; price obtained, £5 5a., G. Dorward, who also bought Taylor's, Rabbit and Grindall Islands, near Port Lincoln, at the same price. Rev. J. Bickford.— The friends of the Rev. J. Bickford will regret to learn that his iilness has taken a serious turn, and grave fears are entertained as to hii recovery. Mr. Bickford recently celebrated hie seventy-ninth birthday, but during the past few weeks has bet-n ia weak health. Valueless Banknotes.— The publio ara warned against aoceptiag certain banknotes that are being circulated in tbe city. The police have ethowa ai what purports to boa £l0-note on the Sydney Deposit Bank. It is dated Sydney, Marob, ISU4, but as this Bank became defunct in 181)2 the note is of no value whatever. It is quite possible that the paper ia the same as tbat in use by tbe Bank when it closed, but there is no doubt that the date and signatures of tbe officials are forged. Soaf as a Disinfectant.— Recent experi ments by M. Max Jolles snow tbat soap is an excellent disinfectant. He employed a 10 per ceut. solution of a soap containing about 67 per cent, of fatty acids, and 10 par cent, of alkali. Suoh solutions were found to kill the bacillus of typhoid fever in a few minutes, and the effect was more marked at the lower temperatures of the solution. The results agree with others formerly obtained for tbe cholera baoillus in showing that washing with soap and water is a sure way of disinfecting liuen. Interesting to Inventors.— The 3erman Admiralty oiler a prize of £150 for a oompasa indicator. The problem to be solved is thus stated : — The direction of the oode pass-card of a chip is to be automatically transmitted to any part of tbe ship, so that tbe ship can bs steered by it from there. Tbe invention mus! be suitable for service conditions. The decision is to rest with tbe Naval deoretary of State, who reserves tbe right to make u«e of the ?alectpd- i i.»»-»J— '»«'? m impw™- unTjr. ? Plans must be submitted to the Raiohs Marine-Amt, Nautisobe Abtheilung, Berlin, sot later than April 1, 1896. The By-Lawb fob Ctclists.— Some amuse ment was oaased in Adelaide on Thursday morning owing to our usually much-alive Telegraph Department being caught napping in regard to the by-law which requires cyclists to carry a bell, and to ring it when appproaohicg a person on the street. Several of tbe telegraph messengers were stopped by tbe police for having do bells on their bicycles. The ques tion is aaked whether Sir Charles Todd, as Superintendent of Telegraphs, will be charged at tbe Police Court with a breaoh of the law ? Robe as a Shipping Pokt.— The Company whioh has been formed in the South-East to promote an export trade in frozen mutton is not altogether satisfied with the facilities for shipping at Robe, and the Secretary (Mr. Cronoh), through Mr. G. Ath, M.P., has for warded a communication to the Govern ment asking tbat some improvements may be effected. The Company is not very clear as to what improvement* are necsssary, and therefore asks that Mr. Leslie Reynolds, a reputed authority upon harbours, should be engaged by tbe Government to report upon the matter. On one point the Seoretary gives a pronounced opinion, and that is the need of lengthening the present jetty. This would necessitate the construction of a breakwater, and there is a suggestion of prison labour being utilized for the purpose. Captain Clare has furnished tbe Marine Board with a report on the matter, in which he points out that at present the Robe Jetty has a depth of 10 ft. at the outer bertb, permitting 6mall vessels to lie alongside when the weather is fine. If the weather is rough there is sufficient ' range' to make it necessary for vessels to anchor off, and he points out that if the jetty were lengthened the range vould always be too great for vessols to lie alongside unless a break water were built at enormous cos 6. 1 s is tbe oustom at South-Kastern por»s to lighter off oargoes, and Captain Clare considers that Rjba offers as good faoilities for this to be done as other ports. The Wardens, in agree ing with tbe tenor of Captain Clare's report, considered at tbe meeting on Thursday, wbentbe matter was discussed, that tbare is no need to go outside the Engineer of Harbours department for any report as to the facilities necsasary to be provided at Robe. Moreover, tbsy expressed the opinion tbat so far nothing has been shows the Board to warrant a large expenditure at Robe, and stated tbat when this is done a report as to what is necessary will be obtained. Meiirg. George Ash and A. D. Handyside, M.P.V, waited upon the Treasurer oa Thureday ard pointed out that the seawall »t Robo vrai getting into a dilapidated condition, nod re quired immediate attention, otherwise serious expenditurewould bo necessary. Tbs Treasurer promised to get an immediate report on tbo subject. As Others See It.— Writes the Sydney Telegraph of June 11 :— Whatever our pro tectionists may «»y and feel with regard to tha Budget proposals of the present Government, there is little doubt tbat many people in other colonies do not sse eye to eye with them in the assertion that free trade can and will be spelt in four letters— ruin. A mereanti le fi rni in Sydney received a lettw yesterday from a merchant in Adelaide, in whioh the following passage occurs:— 'The New South Wales Premier i« thooaly statesman in Australasia, and if he carries his platform you people will relieve us of muoh trouble in importing from both England and America. I hope he will suoeeed.' Thu extraot simply means tbat New South Wales, under a thorough free-trade polioy, will become the great oommercial oentre of all Australasia, and that the im porters of other colonies, more especially those whioh have not direct communication with San Franeisco or Vanoonver, will purchase' in Sydney, owing to tbe ease with which moi oantila matters can be arranged with this colony, while as regards import! (ram tha United Kingdom it will be just as advan tageous for those merobents to allow ths Sydney merohaats to indent as to do so themselves. 