OUR PARIS LETTER, Fhoh Oun Oormespondbnt. PARIS, 1st FKimUAltr, Aged 86, nnd with w.athnr flimtusting 36 dagtotn within 24 hourn, on n.cd not go far to Ond th immediate causa ot Marshal Oanro- bsrt's death. He was a worn out link, commot ing the present with the past halt oontury ; and, if tho Communists had not pillaged his residence in the Plnoo Vondflmo during petroleum weok (May, 1871), ho would have boen able to bequeath most interesting reminisoenocn of his aetivo and varied life. At best, Canrobsrt was the model of a fighting soldier, of tho bravest of the brave type. I.ike Guzman, he knew no obstacles ; in danger, as in trepid as tenacious. Rut he oould not plan n campaign ; could not carry it into exooution. That was the oause of his dissent from Lord Raglan's plans for tlie oapture of Sebastopol, and the "resignation" of Oanrobert. Did ho regard tbe change ae a reflection on hie ability, and resent it by flying into sulks and retiring, Achilles like, undor his tsnt? Not a bit of It; he resumed bis oommand ae goneral of division, and displayed more zeal than over for tho suc cess of tho siege. Oanrobert has boon blamed, being ssoond in oommand, for not resisting I3azaiut's intrigues in Metz, and foreing his way with tbe imprisoned army through tbo German lines at all hazards, which was difficult but not impossible. Tbat would have saved the surrender of 150,000 men, 3 marshnls and 6000 offiosrs, including the Imperial Guard. The sick only aipountcd to 20,000. That number of English soldiers would never eubmit to be eo oooped up ; thoy would out their way out tbemselvoe. Bazainc hood winked them all — nearly. The memory of that " stain" explains why the advanced Republicans recently in the Chamber and the Sonato pro tested against tho Third Republie voting 20,000 f. to oover the expenses of a publio funeral to a prominent agent in the deatruotion of the Second Republic. The deceased waa ono of tha most unselfish men tbat ever lived ; hie integrity and eimple rectitude were proverbial. He was poor ; his ineome of marshal was 40,000 f. a year, of private fortuna he bad none, nor did hie wife, who waa a Miae Flora Maedonald, bring him any beyond the bridal gifts bestowed on her by the Empress Eugenie, who arranged tbe match, and Napoleon. fit. Felix Faura continues to aoquire a very solid popularity without show or fishing for it. Beyond doubt ho is in touoh with tho massos ; ho allows that to be ssen on every possible oooasion. He proolaimod the dignity of labor in his "message," and that he was merely tbo seleoted moutbpieoo to state French de mocracy bad in hie person ratified the religion of labor. He applies oool, business common senso to the discharge of his mission and its dutiss ; never for a moment loses his head by any view of greatness. He is indefatigable in identifying hie sympathies with, and honoring tbe status of, all institutions where the interests of tho working clsssos are involved. Then ho ie extremely liberal with his private purse; ho apparently has forgotten to close it sinoo his election to the presidenoy. Its con tributions are tbe more esteemed and respeotod because tbey are the direot fruits of bis own intelligence and industry. There ie not a particle of pride in his manner or hie eonduot, Greatness will never turn his head, as he evi dently appears to be unconscious of what it is. With his Premior, M. Ribot, M. Faure oommenoed his offioial fnnotions well by proposing tbe amnesty for all miidsmtonors, less crimes of anarchy aud treason. That aot has done a great deal of good by allaying many causes of irritation and depriving professional demagogues of thslr lead ing texts for general denunciations. And tho Legislature displayed equal taot in acoepting the bill for a general sponging ent of politioal and administrative delinquencies. Even those who do not at all share in bis views, or admiro his extrsmsly nutmeg grater style of controversy, aro glad to aee Roehefort back. It is in- stinotively felt that be was severely treated in the Boulanger trial, and tbat has secured him much sympathy' from the masses. Then hie honesty has never been called in question ; no whisper of venality has ever been conneoted with bis name. It is to be hoped Roehefort will not forget the " hospitality " England afforded him during hia recent exile, for he has been well accustomed to banishments in his day. Let bim write a book on " London, its Life and its Manners." It would prove a wonderful success, and be at tbe same time not only en tertaining but instructive. He bts several times deplored how little his couatrymen know about England. Tbe 1894 budget still blooks tbe way. Till that shameful Parliamentary arrear be worked off — only the estimates for the Department of Jus tice have been voted— It ie sheer waste of time to take up any reform bill. There are nearly 460 projeets for ameliorating next to every thing before the Chamber, or etowed away in its pigeonholes. It Is estimated they could not bo disposed of earlier tbau tbe completion of the French Academy's Dittionary, that Renan computed would require twooenturiestoreaohtheletter"Z."Thedeputics are divided into two oamps of almost equal strength; one advoeatea an income tax, with progreesira poundage, and the other insiste on nailing ita colors to tho maet of indireot imposts. Much attention is being bestowed on the advance of the prinoiple of British Imperial federation. At first the French ridionled the idea ; then they declared it to be sentimental, and now they admit tbat it ie on the threshold of praotioal realisa tion, of whioh tha Australian Congress, iu course of being bald in Tasmania, ie a vital proof. Then the visit of Mr. Oeoil Rhedes to England at the present juneture enabled the French also -to see a robust illustration of a British Empire- maker. The Freneh eonolude that in a time, and not very far dietant, the British colonies wilt be welded into a vast United States like America. But au important dietinotion, or ratker difference, ie overlooked. In the Ameri can States the population is a eongerie of divers nationalities ; in the ease of Imperial federa tion there is only the British race. " American patriotism" has yet to be created ; British patriotism has only to be correlated and welded. There is an official return whieh has been allowed to be overlooked by the French press, but whieh is of unnsual eloquence, as it touohes closely her colonial expansion. Havre, the Liverpool of Franoo, shippod off in 1894 13,231 emigrants— all . French, the . hasty reader might eouelude. Of this total, 4613 were Germans, 4316 Italians, 2008 Swiss. Thsir destinations were the United States, were only 1711 Frenoh emigrants proper. They went, of oouree, to the Congo, Tonkin, Sene- gambia, Algeria and Timbuotoo. No auoh thing ; tbey wore bound simply for tho Amerioae. It does appear tbat it ie ae difficult to induce Frenchmen to emigrate to their own possessions ae it is to cause water to run up a hilL France is engaged in the experiment of providing and exploiting colonies without colonists. Thore ie no foreign question aotually causing France any eigne of anxiety. She is sueoeeding in Tunisia, as is England In Egypt. People do not know exactly what is the nature of the frontier regulations between Franco and England at Sierra Leone, hut tbey are glad there ie one diffioulty lees between the two nations The Madagaeoar expedition oon- tiaues to be unpopular, and tha newe just received of the bavoo tbe olimata has made with the few troops already landed is anything but obsering. The majority are more interested in tbe ups and downs— the latter especially— of the thermometer than of anything, else. Few people are to be met with who are not sufferers from a cold in the head, a sore throat or a griped ohest, but the reigning influenza is so far of a benign nature. The doctors are all agreed this tims that there is no preventive for influenza; tbat it is highly in feotious whether by contact or transmitted by the air. The safest guard is a vigorous constitution. Antipyrine wafers are in great request, and the more so since it ie recommended to wash them down, twice or thrioe a day, with a stiff "grog." The latter is preferred by many to the wafers, and to it tbe curative efficacy of the remedy ie attri buted. The winter ie intensely severe. The enow only comes down' tantalizingly. A big oload emptlea itself of white fiakewin the oouree of five minutes, and then our old friend the sun, on whom we rely foroomfort, burstB into. smile and disappears like a stage ghost through a trap door. Imagine the llivisra to havo a carpet of anow 12 inohes deep, instead of roses and violate, nnd a tcmporaturo several degrees hoiow freezing point. That will asttls the question as to the value of Cairo as a health Blstion. The Application to tlio oourts liy tho Duo do Chnrtios to havo his son providod witli n co.iscit, dc famillc has taken everyone by surprise, for. Prince Henri d'Orleani was ranked ns a most serious young man— quite a model for his cousin, tho Duo d'Orloans— dovntcd to tho Btudy of colonial questions, and travelling in dis tant oountrios to extend tho possessions, Ao., of Franoo. But when in l'aris lis led a terribly fast life, botting on rnoes, apcoulnting in tho Stook Exohnngo, nnd raising tha wind in ovory possible way. It is said lie owes ono hook- maker 5,000,000 f. Tho tribunal lias declared him to be henceforth a minor, an infant, though aged 27. But the measure will savo tho rem nants of his fortune, and is a most salutary institution for saving prodigal sons denpito themselves. Princo lienri d'Orienns is at pre sent "doing" Siain, nnd examining tho proposed buffer state — tlie latest diplomatic joko — geogra phy versus dobts. 