KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XXII.—(Continued.) Mrs. Otis sat looking at him, pale, helpless, speechless with fear and amaze. " I know all," O'Donnell repeated. " That what all took for death was merely a trance, and that your so alone knew it. Knowing it, he allowed her to be buried, and that same night secretly had the coffin opened, and its living inmate re moved. He restored her to life and consciousness. Yon kept her hid in your house. She passed for Miss Otis, and was never seen by any one but your self and your son. At night, when all was asleep, she took her airing in your garden, and after re- maining a fortnight, until perfectly restored, she ran away. She went to America—she became an actress, made money and returned to England. She had sworn vengeance upon Sir Peter Danger- field, and all these years had never faltered in her purpose. She made her way into his family as governess, and has nearly driven him out of the few senses he possesses, by playing ghost. It is a daring game she is carrying on. She is a bold woman, indeed. That Katherine Dangerfield and Helen Herncastle are one and the same, no one but myselt knows or suspects. There is the grave false inscription, to stagger them. I alone know—I know, Mrs. Otis. (Shall I tell you how ? I have done what your son did—I opened the grave—I opened the coffin and found—it empty. No mouldering re- mains—no shroud—no ghastly skull and bones, and dust and ashes, but a clean and empty coffin. How I have discovered the rest does not matter. I know the whole truth. I am prepared to prove it. ''Whatever motive keeps Miss Herncastle at Scars- wood, beyond that of terrifying its superstitious little master, I don't know ; but it is a sinister motive, a revengeful motive — of that I am sure. And as they are my friends, I cannot stand by and see it. Let Miss Herncastle go to Sir Peter— to Sir Arthur Tregenna—to Lord Ruysland or his daughter, and tell them her story, and then stay her lifetime, if she chooses, and they permit. If she will not, then I will tell all, and give Sir Peter a chance to defend himself from a foe so ready to stab in the dark. I might have said all this to herself, but she has looked upon me as her enemy from the first, and would set all warning of mine at defiance. Your son is her friend — let him speak, and she may heed. I have no wish to be hard upon her ; I pity her—I even admire her—she has suffered greatly ; but nothing save evil can come of the course she is pursuing now. She must speak before this week ends, or leave Scarswood: that is my ultimatum." He arose. " I see that I have distressed you, Mrs. Otis— alarmed you — and I regret having done so. There is no occasion for alarm, however. Miss Herncastle has only to drop her masquerade and come forward in her true character, and I am ready and willing to become her friend instead of her enemy. But I will not stand by and see this deception go on. I wish you good afternoon." He turned to go, but Mrs. Otis, in the same frightened sort of way, made a motion for him to remain. " You—you take a good deal for granted," she said, in a gasping sortof voice. " I never admitted that I knew Miss Herncastle— that she is Katherine Dangerfield ; and I think it was wicked of you, and sacrilegious, to dare to open her grave. She was hunted down in her life, poor girl ! and it appears she cannot be left in peace even in her grave. I have heard of you before, Captain O'Donnell—of your watching, and following, and interfering where you have no business.'' She stopped as a smile broke over his face. ''From whom, madame ? since you do not own to knowing Miss Herncastle. You are right, too — I have watched and followed. Fate seems to have taken a malicious pleasure in pitting me against - her. And as I find the role of amateur detective disagreeable enough in itself, I trust Miss Herncastle will not compel me to add that of informer to it. But if she persists, you may tell her from me that I never shirk any duty, however personally unpleas- ant. Once more— good- day, madame. Here is my card — my London address is on the back ; I shall re- main in town three or four days. If Mr. Otis returns during that time, I shall be happy to see him.'' And then the chasseur bowed himself out, and never had the new duty which so strangely de- volved upon him of all mankind been half so dis tasteful as when he took his last look at poor little trembling Mrs. Otis' distressed face. ''Confound the whole affair !'' he thought, savagely ; I wish I had never seen Scarswood, nor any one in it. What is Sir Peter Dangerfield to me ? or Sir Arthur Tregenna, either, for that matter, that I should fight their battles? Now that I have got into the thick of the fray, it is impossible to get out without dishonour somewhere ; I can't shut my eyes and see the one driven stark mad with his superstitious ghost-seeing, and the life long misery of 'the other insured. I wish I might see this Henry Otis. Why can't Miss Herncastle marry him and settle down into a sensible commonplace matron?'' He waited impatiently during the four ensuing days, but he waited in vain. If Mr. Henry Otis had returned to town, he did not call upon Captain O'Donnell and disgusted and desperate, on the evening of the fifth he returned once more to Castleford.'' He presented himself at Scarswood once more. He had not seen his sister for a week. It was close upon eight o|olock, and the silver gray of the sum- mer evening was deeping into twilight as he walked up the avenue. The flutter of a white dress caught his eye amid the dark-green depths of fern ; a tall, slender shape, with bright, hazel hair, was slowly pacing the terrace alone. It was Lady Cecil. A soft mass of rose-pink cashmere, silk, and down wrapped her. She held a letter in her hand, which she read as she walked. And even in that 'dim religious light'' O'Donnell saw, or fancied, that the fair, pale face had grown paler and graver than ever he had seen it in those five past days. '' Lady Cecil !'' He lifted his hat and stood before her. She had not heard him until he spoke. A faint, tremulous flush rose up over the sensitive face as she turned and gave him her hand. ''Captain O'Donnell ! and just as we all began 'to give you up for lost. I am glad you have come — I have been wishing for you unspeakably. Do you know that Rose is ill ?'' ''Lanty said something of it, but I thought ? '' ''She is really ill— something has happened— I don't know what, only that Miss Herncastle is at the bottom of that, too. Your sister has worked her self into a fever — she has neither eaten nor slept, I believe, since you went away. Something is preying on her mind— something which Miss Herncastle alone knows. Oh, that dreadful Miss Herncastle ! Why did she ever enter this house; Captain O'Donnell, we are in trouble— terrible trouble— and she is the cause of it all. Do you know that she is gone ?'' '' Gone !'' ''Been dismissed — discharged — sent away in disgrace. It is the strangest thing — the most wickedly malicious ; and whatever her object could have been puzzles us all.'' ''Lady Cecil, you puzzle me. What new enormity has Miss Herncastle been guilty of?'' 'You do well to call it enormity. She has parted Sir Peter Dangerfield and his wife--for life, I greatly fear.'' He had been walking by her side — he stopped and looked at her now. He had delayed too long — he had shown her his cards and let her win the game. He had thought to spare her, and the mischief was done. ''Parted Sir Peter and his wife ! Do I hear you aright, my dear Lady Cecil?'' ''It sounds incredible, does it not ? Nevertheless it is true. You remember the masquerade at Mrs. Everleigh's last Thursday — that most miserable masquerade ? Ginevra would insist upon going with Major Frankland, as the Page Kaled — he as the Knight Lara. Sir Peter hates Mrs. Everleigh — he abhors masquerades and male costumes for women. Of course, he was right and Ginevra was wrong, but his very opposition made her more resolute to go. He told her if she went she would never return ; that she would not live under his roof and disgrace it. Ginevra defied him ; but in her heart, she owns now, she was afraid, and ready to draw back. But that fatal Miss Herncastle would not let her. She had suggested the costumes, made Ginevra's, and used every persuasion to induce her to defy Sir Peter — deceive him rather, and go. Ginevra yielded. She wrote a note at the dictation of the governess to Major Frankland, in London, telling him of Sir Peter's opposition, asking him to come secretly down, remain at one of the inns, and go from thence to the ball. My poor cousin cannot even keep her own secrets, and she told me. I said everything I could think of to shake her resolution, but in vain. Finally I told papa in despair, and made him waylay the train at the station. You remember — he met you that same afternoon. He talked to Major Frankland, and the major finally agreed to give up the ball. Ginevra, of course, would not dream of going without him. But he insisted upon seeing her, and telling her with his own lips. Unfor- tunately we were all at Morecambe at an archery party, and when he reached Scarswood he found only Miss Herncastle. He wrote a note explaining all; told her to have his masquerade dress returned and left her. That note Miss Herncastle destroyed she owns it ; and, Captain O'Donnell --it seems almost in- credible— she went to the masquerade instead of Major Frankland, and in his dress. The major is short and the governess is tall —she managed to make the Lara costume fit her. No one ever heard of such a thing before. You will scarcely be able to believe it.'' ''I can believe a great deal of Miss Herncastle. She is a wonderful woman!" ''A wonderful woman, indeed--it is to be hoped there are few like her,'' Lady Cecil responded, in- dignantly ; "and yet, though something seemed to warn me against her — she had a sort of fascination for me from the first. Well, Captain O'Donnell, it happened in this way : We returned from archery fete ; Ginevra pretended headache and retired to her room. All the while Sir Peter was on the watch. Miss Herncastle dressed her — a flyman from Castleford was in waiting, and he took her to Mrs. Everleigh's. The governess had managed to secrete the Lara dress in her room, and the moment Lady Dangerfield was gone, she rapidly dressed herself, and walked — actually walked from Scars wood to Mrs. Eveleigh's house. Sir Peter, in spite of their precautions, had seen his wife depart, and followed immediately. At Mrs. Everleigh's he pro cured a black domino, and in that disguise, and masked, of course, he watched the page. The knight arrived in due time — rather late, perhaps, and neither Ginevra, dancing or talking to him, or Sir Peter, watching, deemed it was other than the major.'' ''Well,'' O'Donnell said, curtly. ''Supper came,'' and under plea of going for an ice, Count Lara disappeared. Ginevra had to go down on the arm of another gentleman. At supper there was the usual universal unmasking, and the first face poor Ginevra saw was that of Sir Peter, Imagine her feelings ? And the major nowhere to be seen. A moment after, Sir Peter disappeared, and my unfortunate cousin, half dead with fear, made her way from the supper room and the house, and reached home in the fly, the most pitiable object you ever saw. Her first question was for her husband — her first impulse to throw herself at his feet and implore his forgiveness. But he was not here — he has not been here since.'' ''Not here since?'' ''No, Captain O'Donnell. If he had come home and raged and stormed, there might have been some hope— now I fear there is none. He is in Castleford, and his London solicitor is with him, stopping at Scarswood Arms. He refuses to see his wife. He will never see her again, he says, as long as he lives. Papa has been with him — I have been with him — all in vain. He is harder than stone — harder than iron. She has made his life miserable long enough— that was his answer. If she were dying he would not see her now. He told her that if she went to that woman's house — in male attire, to meet Jasper Frankland — she should never live beneath roof of his. And she never will.'' ''But it was not ? '' 'It was not Major Frankland. Yes — yes, he knows that ; it makes no difference ; nothing makes any difference. I believe he hates her, and only wants a pretext for separation. This horrible masquerade- and more horrible governess have given him that. He knows Jasper Frankland was in London, and that Miss Herncastle played the double part of Major and Lara on that fatal night. His answer is that that has nothing to do with it — his wife went in full belief that it was Frankland, in male attire, and to the house of a woman of doubtful character. If there were grounds for divorce, a divorce he would have ; as there are not, he will still have a separation. Lady Dangerfield may remain here until the necessary documents are drawn up — then she leaves, and forever. She is nearly insane, and no wonder ; think of the ex- posure, the scandal, the disgrace. And to know — to know it is all that wicked, revengeful woman's work.'' {To be continued.) Be careful where you keep flour. Like butter, it absorbs odours readily. It should not be kept in a place where there are onions, fish, vegetables or other odorous substances, nor in a damp room or cellar. Keep it in a cool, dry, airy room, where it will not be exposed to a freezing temperature, nor to one above seventy degrees. Always sift before using. Whole cloves are now used to exterminate the merciless and industrious moth. It is said they are more effectual as a destroying agent than either tobacco, camphor or cedar shavings. 