Chaptek III.—The Bank Manager. Next morning the wind was off the bow, a head wind, and the seas ridging at the ship in rich sparkling lines o£ violet and laee, when the passengers came on deck after breakfast. They found the second mate, who had charge of the ship, standing.at the rail with his arm round a backstay gazing with the idle eyes of custom at a large figure of a whale that was swelling wet, black and gleaming, along the course of the ship half a mile away to windward. It was a fine sight when tlie huge bulk rose and fell with the motions of a ship, bursting the glittering heads of brine into snowstorms, whilst as though it pulse^ its way along with a steam-engine insiue. it blew a tall spout, which arched like a feather when the weight of the wind took it. ' Mr. Hankey stepped half-way up the poop ladder with a pipe in his mouth and said to the second mate, who stood just above close by— "Do you see yonder cloud that's almost in shape of a camel V" ; "By the mass, and 'tis like a camel indeed," answered Poole, grinning. "Methinks it is like a weasel," said Mr. Hankey. "It is backed like a weasel," exclaimed the second mate, laughing heartily. " Or like a whale," cried Mr. Hankey. Very like a whale," answered the second mate, with the tears standing in his eyes. Mr. Hankey nodded his appreciation; pro bably this was the only second mato then afloat who could have Polonius'd him so aptly and quick. He raised his foot by another step to command with his eye the platform of the poop and said— "Did you ever hear of a man chasing a clipper to get a passage ?" " There are plenty of instances of belated passengers overtaking vessels in small boats and otherwise," answered the "second mate, looking aft to see if the captain was on deck. "What would the cutter oharge for such a job?1 \- "A hundred sovereigns,^every penny, and perhaps a heavy consideration on top if the chase was successful." "Allfor what?'said Mr. Hankey, looking at Mr. Murray, who stood alone right aft, staring at the whale. - " Hah !" said the second mate. "And one little portmanteau," said Mr. Hankey. ' ■ "Oh, that would be nothing, sir, when a man's in a hurry." "Do j'ou smell anything like a rat?' said Mr. Hankey. The second mate's grin instantly disappeared on his catching sight of the captain. He stepped aft, backwards, as though to command a clearer view of the mainroyal, and Hankey, seating_ himself at the foot of the ladder, was joined in a very short time by Captain Trol lops, Davenire, Burn, and Masters. There was a uniformity in the variety of this group of smokers that impressed the eye of even the second mate, when, having satisfied himself that the mainroyal was properly set, he re turned to his place at the head of the poop ladder. He had known Mr. Hankey merely as a passenger when outward bound and in Sydney had partaken of some friendly _ drinks with Mm. He had understood that his uncle was a lord in Holy Orders and undoubtedly Mr. Hankey was a gentleman. Yet, what was it, he thought, that made that knot of fellows beneath him, so various in their attire, alike and yet alike? Scarcely their military bear ing, though they had that, some of them; he was puzzled and scratched the back of his head and looked right aft over the stern at the lovely delicately-troubled blue of the sea there; but once looking lie continued to look, then to frown, then to strain his sight. Muttering to himself, "By gosh!" he walked aft, touching his cap to the captain, whom he thus addressed— "There's a steamer's smoke right astern of us;" sir." The captain sheltered his eyes with his hand.. "I believe I see it, sir," said he, and looked at the faint blue film through a telescope. The second mate walked forward. "What's flie old man: looking_ at?" said Captain Trollope, rising to the height of the ladder and addressing Mr. Poole. "There's a'-steamer coming up astern,?' answered the second mate shortly. His duty as an officer in charge forbad® him from con versing with the passengers. Captain Trollope descended the ladder in' quick recoil and said in a hoarse, low, eager voice,_ "There's a steamer coming after us," on which every man knocked his pipe out and went on to the poop. A steamer in the days this story belongs to was a real curiosity in those seas. A man-of war with a funnel might now and again be met, sometimes with a: foreign color ' at her mizzen-gaff; a few, but a very few steamers communicated between Europe and theAus the blue sea-limit, caused great excitement fore and aft. A steamer it certainly was, not the smoke of a burning ship, as Mr. Murray suggested, "because, sir," said the captain, looking at his pale face and yellow whiskers keenly and- doubtfully, as though' his old fashioned prejudices still viewed him as an in truder, despite the fifty guineas the. man had that morning put down, "burning ships lie still and yonder smoke is overtaking us." "Whatvessel cam she be, do you,think?" said Mr. Dent. "There was no steamer at Sydney when we left." "Except the tug," said Mr. Burn, who had pressed forward, speaking with a strong beery accent after a breakfast of bottled ale. There was a general laugh. The notion of a tug being all this distance from her port was unusually rich and original. ! _ The clipper broke her way somewhat slug gishly through the flowing lines of head sea, fiery with sunshine. She was off lier course, half the main-royal was aback and every weather leech lifted at each light plunge of the bow. Her pace therefore was comparatively small and as the breezes of the night had for the most part been faint and .fluctuating the distance she had already made from Sydney was not great. It was a noble,. inspiriting morning; the wind was of a rare softness, charged/with some aroma of ocean, which might have come sweet with remoteness from the giant kelp of the Antarctic circle. An anming shaded the poop. The Jacks forward filled the eye with the various business of their voca tion ; the maindeck ran from the quarterdeck white and clear; the "Queen" carried no steerage passengers, Epom.time to time a cow lowed in its stall, hens cackled, and pigs grunted. It was hot ; who- could realise the ice and blackness of that Horn which the ship was by-and-bye to pass in : the face of the trembling bed of light through which she was bruising her way ? ...... Extraordinary interest was manifested in the smoke astern , by many of the gentlemen passengers. They did not trouble^ the captain with questions, but talked apart. Ma Murray, on the other hand, had been a little impor tunate till the captain gave his arm to a lady and marched away. He had wanted to know if she was likely to. prove a ^steamer from any other Australian port- than Sydney, or was she a man-of-war? Was -it conceivable that she was bringing more ijassengers lor the clipper? He looked anxious and about ten years older than when at breakfast. Captain Trollope, Davenire, and one or two others ot the set viewed him curiously, . "I don'fc think," says Trollope to Caldwell, in a low, mysterious voice, "that hed lire a magazine as an alternative.' . . "We keep too near the.oust country, ex claimed Mr. Hankey, looking at the smoke, "Id aresay some point of it is still m sight from the masthead." . . . . ' "Gentlemen," said Mr. Storr, joining them, j rubbing his hands,.'' this I think promises to ' be a voyage of excitements.". . _ . "What took you to Australia,-sir?-1 said Captain Trollope, looking down at the little inan over his big moustache. . "Business," answered the auctioneer. "Did pretty well, I hope?" said Mr. j^dsLsicrs* * "I did not dig- for gold," answered Mr. Storr, with a sarcastic glance of suspicion at the handsome but decayed young fellqw. . "And so you did pretty well,' said Captain Trollope. "Ha, ha ! That's sheer betwixt the, ribs of some of us, Hankey." Here Mr. Burn diverted the attention by arriving with Miss Mansel and the ships telescope. The gentlemen crowded about: the good-looking young woman'to point the glass for her and Mr. 'Masters begged Tier not to shut the eye which, she applied to the tube. By this time the steamer had risen to the height of her boxes, disclosing a lean, dog's-eared funnel that vomited a black fat coil of smoke twenty ymlp.q long and one pole mast forward, on which some signals were seen to be flying, but as the colors blew fore-and-aft they could not be dis tinguished. There was no. doubt now that her 1 business was with the clipper. Indeed Mr. Dent, after looking at her through the telescope professed to recognise her as the tug Bun garee," of Sydney. A mirage lifted her and she looked closer than she was. But she was 1 splashing after the ship at eight knots and the clipper was barely doing five, and presently she was showing her small squab hull fair upon the water, with the figures of men visible on the bridge and flags still streaming at the pole mast, but dumb as a sea-tonguq through being on end. , - - .'k" , Captain Trollope looked for Mr. Murray; he had disappeared. ... , The barque was luffed till way was almost shaken out of her. It was a moment of great excitement. The chase of the cutter had been nothing compared to it. Twice in twenty-four hours to be pursued ! Old Benson was puzzled. The traditions of the ocean seemed allawry. Three weeks'. detention in Sydney. Harbor through desertion, and, now, when fairly away to be checked by a species of pursuit unpre cedented in bis experience! However, it was clear enough the steamer'wanted theship. llie second mate had managed to spell out the flags which, in. Marryatt's. Code signified Im portant, must communicate." "Bring the ship to the wind, sir," said Cap tain Benson to the officer. She was a small clinker-built boat with j green paddle-boxes and the foam fled from her sponsons as the foot of a cataract hurls into its channel. Three men stood on her bridge and | as she came alongside with a beat of paddles that, with the arrest of the wheels,'Sank into a ! sullen roar of water, a man in a white wide awake and long lean yellow face and linen jacket, hailed from the bridge. "Ho, the 'Queen' ahoy "Hallo!" sang out Captain Benson. "Has e'er a stranger been put aboard your ship since yer sailed from Sydney ?" . "Yes, sir," shouted back Captain Benson. ' ".Was he put aboard by the cutter " Wooloo mooloo?" . •' The captain lifted his hand. " You must allow me to come on hoard, if you please," exclaimed one of the men who stood upon the bridge; he was dressed in a I sort of uniform, a bell- sliaped cap with naval peak, light cloth braided jacket of military cut. The captain of the steamer shouted down her call pipe; the paddles were manoeuvred, the tug drew close alongside, and watching their opportunity as the slight swell rolled the two vessels to and from each other, the official looking individual and another sprang onto the barque and came aft. . " Good gracious me!" exclaimed Mrs. Dent to lier husband, "it's Superintendent Box." The other might, have passed for a Bow street runner. His nose was like the. end of a ; bludgeon, the left eye was twice the size of the right, and as lie stepped aft with the superin tendent he gazed with a grin of ragged Black teeth round upon' the people. Yet he was some soft of official too to judge by his clothes. The superintendent walked right - up to Cap tain Benson and said quite audibly— "You are the master of this ship, sir?' "That'sso,".answered the captain, puffing and straddling, and firmly settling his tall hat. "I am here," said the- other, " to arrest Mr. James Murray, manager of the such-and-such a bank, Sydney, for embezzlement." "Lor 1 said the captain, "what's the amount,sir?" ' . " Seventy-six thousand pounds!" Captain Trollope whistled long and low. The fellow with the horrible grin of teeth turned slowly and looked at him.. . "It seems as if others are to have the .inn ! ings," said Mr. Caldwell, in a hoarse whisper in the ear of Mr. Cavendish, 'who was. staring | with his congenital grin, made' loathsome through the projection of liis upper lip by his eye teeth. . '? . "I don't see my man," said the superinten dent, running his eyes over the group of pas sengers, following .on with a level, penetrating stare at the seamen forwards- who had struck work for the moment to gaze aft. "Go and tell Mr. Murray lie is wanted, sir," said Captain Benson to the second mate, who, knowing where to loolq ran down the companion steps; he was instantly followed by the superintendent and his assistant. Captain Benson ' remained on deck. The passengers talked in whispers... The sensation was profound. Mr. Mark Davenire and another went stealthily to the skylight and peered down; their ears seemed to enlarge as they strained them. It was about 11 o'clock in the morning. The sun was shining with a strong heat and there was a sense as of being in harbor with that tug lying close alongside panting in her heart; tne blue water slopped noisily between the two vessels as they rolled at each other, and Mr. Burn leaning over the rail seemed to forget what was going forward in the ship in laughing at the tug's helmsman, i whose' thin shape shot out of a pair of com passes into a mere pellet of head, a. mere rope I of onions, the least on top. "This state of suspense, is dreadful," whispered Miss Mansel to Mr. Shannon. "What will they do to the wretched man "Put him in chains," answered the ship's surgeon, who stood near. "The brutality of it!" exclaimed Mr. ! Shannon, with a "face that was suddenly dark with passion. "Did you ever see a chain I gang?" ' ■ ' ■ The girl with a shudder answered that she had seen men oh. railway platforms in England linked together and that had been a sight that sickened Tier. Mr/Shannon was about to speak ' when he caught a look from Captain Trollope— it was a look of menace, almost of fury ; it had but the life of an instant., biext breath the tall soldierly-looking man seemed to he listening at the companion-way at what was passing'below. All on a sudden up rushed Poole, the second mate. "Where's the doctor?" he shouted. " Here," answered the ship's surgeon. ' " You're wanted, sir!" The surgeon ran after the mate into the cuddy. Tlie captain's, teak-colored face be twixt its fringe of white liairs took a resolved : bard-weather look. He walked -apart from the passengers and strode in short excursions beside the wheel,' guessing a fatality and awaiting its report. ' ' ; What was the doctor wanted for 2 the pas sengers wondered. . Had Murray stabbed him self, shot himself ?—no ! They'd'have heard the report of a, pistol in that scene of deck sub dued by alarm and expectation,, whilst on high all was still hut for now and again.the gull-like cry of a suddenly-jerked block. ■ Mr. Storr, standing beside the companion hatch, faintly cried "Good heavens !" and made a quick step out of the way. • In fact the com panion ladder was then full of figures rising clumsily with the dead'weight of a man's body. There was a general recoil and most of the ladies went hurriedly, forward. "By Jove, he's killed-himself 1" said Mr. Davenire. ' The lifeless body of Mr. James Murray was passed through tne .companion,hatch'in tlie triple clutch of the hideous .rogue of .the black teeth, the superintendent, and the second mate. They put it flat down upon the deck right in the way of a ray of sunshine that flooded the convulsed face, which looked alive with the movement of the muscles. The surgeon dropped a largo silk handkerchief over the dreadful countenance. Is it a fit, sir?" exclaimed Captain Benson, coming along smartly on his rounded shanks from his sacred walk near the.'wheel, both his loose arms jerking with agitation and temper. " Poison, sir," said the surgeon. "Ho was too quick for us," said the superin tendent, with a surly look at the corpse. "Did he poison himself ?" cried the captain, who unconsciously formed the centre of a crescent of passengers with one very white face under Mr. Storr's straw hat. The superintendent whispered to his ugly mate, who rolled below and returned with the dead man's portmanteau. " He had come prepared," said the surgeon to the captain. ' " But with what V demanded the skipper. " Prussic acid." "A surer trick than" the bullet," whispered Hankey to Masters. " It makes no mess certainly," said Masters, looking as coolly at the body as if it had been a fish newly landed. "Do you carry it back with -you ?" said the captain. . " Ay, sir, yes, along with that," replied the superintendent, pointrag.tp the piortmanteau. .' ' Then for God's sake," cried the old skipper, with angry toss "of both his fins, '' take 'em both put of the ship at once, sir—take 'em both out of the. ship at once and leave us to proceed. Is that a sight for ladies?" "I should be obliged if a sailor or two would help us," said the superintendent. They contrived it by placing the body on a grating covered with a piece of sailcloth that the- ladies who lingered .on deck might not continue to be shocked. They passed the dead wretch through the gangway and watch ing their chance cleverly launched grating and figure to the paddle-box of the steamer, where the thing was caught," the body removed, and the grating returned. "Is it all right with you?" sung out the captain. ' . " All right, sir," answered the master of tlie tug. But no hand was flourished, 110 signal of farewell exchanged! . It had been tpo ugly a business to admit of any.sort of (kindness. " Only this very morning at breakfast," said Mrs. Peacock, with a working face, to Mrs. Storr, "he was talking to me most affably. He knew .my husband well. I find it impos sible to think of him as a villain." "I find it harder to think of him at all," answered Mrs. Storr. '' Only imagine ! he was talking to me and my husband this morn ing about his.intention of settling in London and of buying a house through Mr. Storr. His voice trembles upon iny ear still. It is now the voice of a ghost. I am thankful the sun is UP-" . 1 "Trimsail!" cried the captain. "Round with that maintopsail smartly, Mr. Poole." His command was re-echoed by. the second mate with the voice of a -yohiig- lion. In a minute the poop rang j until the yco-ho-heave hoing of puffing, and hauling Jacks.. The tug splashedher.paddles heavily alongside, floated ahead,: and. curved awayTor Sydney. The sun sparkled.in splendor in her.broad race of foam and the light sea tossed it and the bright breeze whipped it into many glittering frag ments of rainbow till it looked like a stretch of flower garden in tow of her. The breeze had freshened on a sudden without shifting its quarter or blowing up a rag. of cloud; when sail; was trimmed the clipper took the brilliant gushing of wind as a horse starts to thetouch of its rider.' She heeled her three shining spires with their ,flights of steady wings between; the! sea flash, broke in smoke from her weather bow. The-white water swept in a smooth silky seething alongside. ' "He .paid his passage money too," mused trieVold skipper, qiausing, at The companion hatclu with his deep-set eyes fixed upon the receding figure of the tug. " A cheaply-earned fifty guineas-and not his to spend either. So I^suppose " Here the old cliap gave a start, remembering the time, and a few minutes later he had re turned on deck and was screwing the sun down to the sea with an occasional glance, in the intervals of his-observation, at the line of smoke, astern, and. a look once or twice at Captain Trollope and some others who stood in a knot at the lee mizzen-rigging deep in conversation that , hummed with wary under tones. ; - (To/be continued.) 