THE SEPARATION .BOGET. » The people in that wide and important district, of which Coolgardie is the ad* ministrative centre, have loudly express ed a desire for larger representation in Parliament. With this laudable and patriotic ambition sympathy has, from time to time, been expressed in these columns and elsewhere in the press. Bob bhese wishes of our fellow colonists haa always been that their registered voters have not been sufficiently numerous to enable us practically to back up their demand, and the chief reason why there . has not been a larger registration Ihas : been that the only place at which a voter could register himself was a very long way off and was otherwise difficult of ac**' cess. Thisobstaele,however,wai8hortr/ be removed by the new Electoral Bill* , and the change will take place quite ia time to allow of al&rgwegistration; before the next session of Parliament ; so thatg when the same demand is made, forti fied by the evidence necessary for th» granting of it, additionalPariiamentary representation for the goldfielde will follow. From such a redistribotion and from the large additions to tha voters' rolls in other places, the people of Coolgardie may fairly look forward to the changes in the Constitution' of Parliament for which they have clamoured. It is also possible that ad the result of changes in the electorate, many persons now enjoying a qualified prominence may disappear from the political scene and be replaced by others more to the taste of the enlarged elec torate. Meanwhile the Government have been liberal to the goldfieldfi in ex pending upon them their fall proportion of the public moneys which, they need to be reminded, are not wholly subscrib ed by themselves. These facts and the conclusion based upon them, are pretty fairly understood and accepted by most reasonable people both at the seat of Government and in Coolgardie itself. That conclusion is that the Coolgardia people will be wise to leave the matter of their rights to further representation to the Government. During the last few months, however, Coolgardie has usurped the functions of the imagina tion in the body politic, and has dreamed wild dreams. The imagination is the special property of youth: its chief delight and its cherished joy. Be ing the youngest member, so to speak, of our community, and a very vigorous and promising young member too, it is quite natural that Coolgardie should furnish us with young men who see visions and old men who dream dreams. There have been a succession of these, including the 'Golden hole,' and the 'jeweller's shop,' (followed by Lord Fingall's telegraphic announcement of ruin and his scriptitious disclaimer of wealth), and the Afghan cry. These as well as the ordinary and natural phenomena -of rich ?ciiaing'- discoveries - axe uut before us in the language of a poetry calculated to appeal to sentiment or inflame cupidity. Thelatest of these imaginings is the idea of Separation which chiefly differs from the others in being first introduced to us in the bogey form. So far as its manufacturers can. be credited with intention, it is meant not to create pleasure but to excite alarm. It would be wrong, however, to attribute a serious object to the in ventors cf this grotesque ghost, painted, though it be with three whole clauses *i of an Act of Parliament which it bears on its spectral bosom. The child wno pretends to frighten its grandmother with a vertical section of a rushlight enclosed in a hollow turnip 'Joes not really expect the elderly lady to fall down in a fit, but is quite satisfied with the fictitious horror embodied in an exclamation of ' Oh that dreadful boy again !' And eo the Coolgardie people will be quite satisfied with astonishing _n «£4-n-— 4-V.a comA mill! fnnhl/^Tf fM^H winning our acknowledgement of their inventive cunning. Those who are best acquainted with the ways of the juvenile, mind tell us that the riotous game of mental ' mate-believe' is the chief joy of early youth, and we woufcft not have it otherwise. Only it ought to be confined to youth and, when it - extends into the political sphere it should be confined to Coolgardie and to youthful Coolgardie only. The time will come when our principal goldfields town will be older and richer, and in public affairs more earnest and sober- minded. In the meanwhile it is well that the youthful caprices of Coolgardie should not infect those who are unable tj put forward the excuse of immaturity ; for otherwise West Perth, with its 6,000 in habitants and its 2,000 voters, would' begin to picture itself as having a claim to be a separate colony, with it own little Parliament, and its own little Agent-GeneraV sitting in the Privy Council. Baked Lemon Pudding. — 2 lemons, 3 oz loaf sugar, 3 egg3 i gill of cream \ gill milk, 2 oz crumbled sponge cake cinnamon. Eub the rind of the lemons on 6 lumps of sugar pound the sugar mortar with a little cinnamon mix the cake crumb3 with the sugar add the juice of the lemons, the yolks of 3 eggs, cream, and milk, mis well then add the whites of the eggs beaten to a Btiff froth. Line the pie dish with puff paste pour iu the mixture and bake for about | hour till of a light brown color. 