ei es FIRST-CLAEr GHOST STORY." I was seated in a comfortable com partment in a first-class railway carriage at London Bridge railway station one 24th December. The weather was horribly cold and the wind was very high. I had my evening paper already cut by my aide, anti my Bradshawwas inmy hband, but they were at present both ubnheded, for my thoughts were far away down the line- forty miles down-to Nettle ton, where I was going to spend my Christmas holidays with my uncle, Arthur Blucher, a few cousins, and Bessie Noland. When I say that my uncle and cousins were second and third in my thoughts I need hardly explain that Bessie was my sweetheart -ralther an old-fashioned word, but I like to use it. I had won her after a courtship of twelve moths, and I thought myself the ha:ppiest of young fellows and the luckiest of mankind. I will not attempt to describe my Bessie, for that can only be done by photography. She was very pretty, very sensible, and beloved by every body and adored by me. I had parted with her in the autumn, and, although every week brought me a kind, gentle letter from her, we had not met since saying good- bye at the Barmouth station, North Wales, when she went to stop at Nettleton and I returned to grim old law in my chambers, New Inn, Lincoln's Inn. How slowly the time dragged on, to be sure ! There never could have been a windier or a more cheerless October than in that year, nor a duller or darker November. I could find no charm in the London theatres, in spite of the novelties pro duced. The newspapers were stupid, and the magazines barely readable. My friends, too, somehow became wearisome. Johnson's puns fell flat, Robinson's practical jokes lost their charms, and Smith's and Jones' parties bored me. I wanted Christmas to come as quickly as possible, and yet old Time would not get on any quicker, in spite of my fretting. But at last the day arrived for my departure. I had packed my portmanteau two days before it was necessary. I had studied my route until I knew the stations by heart, and I found myself at London Bridge Station a good half hour before the train was advertised to start. Immediately 'my' train (I had known this 5.55 for so many weeks that I looked upon it. in the light of personal property) backed into its position I insisted on taking my seat, although the guard assured me that we shouldn't be off for a quarter of an hour, if then. Never mind; I felt happier in the carriage, knowing it was connected with Nettleton and my visit. Our train, according to the time table, did not stop anywhere after pas-ing Croydon, but ran right into Nettleton. So, giving a shilling to the guard, I requested him to lock the door, and I was left to my cigar, even ing paper, and my Bessie. The station was thronged with holiday-makers of all grades of society, pushing, squeez ing, laughing, shouting, but all bent on one object- to get good places in their various trains. Should we never start ? I asked myself, as I leaned out of the window for the twentieth time. Yes ; we were off i As we slowly glided out of the station I was surprised to see a tall, lank, white-faced gentleman walk up to my carriage door-which I paid the guard to lock-open it, step in. and take his seatopposite me. He was a most peculiar-looking individiual. His face was very long, and painfully white; his eyes were bright and rest less ; his hands, incased in black kid gloves, had the appearance of possess ing a good deal of bone ; his legs were awkwardly long; and, to add to his eccentricity, his head was quite' bald, and shone like a white billiard ball. On entering the carriage he bowed to me, and, after carefully gazing round him, smiled-suchasmile-and, taking out a black- covered book, coiled him -elf ru. in a cornea, and huried himself in i's , ,utents. i determined to speak to him. Though I was not a coward, I did not like the man. There was something unearthly about him. Now and then he would put down his book, gaze at the lamp above, and laugh quietly; then, fixing his eyes on me, would relapse into a smile, and continue his reading. -' Doyou object to smoking?' I asked, with sn effort. Ha took no notice. I repeated the question; bhut in lieu of replying he twisted himself into an easier position, and went on with thle black-bound book. 'I shall rot be sorry when we get toNettleton,' I tih,.ought, as I threw my cigar away and took up the paper; ' I don't ,elish the superhunu., fellow-passenger ati all. As there's no chance of release for two good lhours, I may nu well ,ake'the best nof i'.' I tried to raa , ,nut could not, so trrve it up, andl tried to lose my self in dreailand. Bntat first I could not sleep; for whenever I happenied to look np I found my horrible oenmpanioun's eyes fi6red on mine. A cold perspiration cameorer me, so I suramoned up courage and said, sharply-' I think you are very rude to stare at ma so, sir; if you Ihave anything to say, be good enouigh to sped?k!' He smiled, and looked out of the window, sighed, and changed his seat. I must have fallen into a doze, but for bow long I have no idea. When T awoke I felt. the carriage oscillating violently, and, to my horror and surprise, my companion ad gone Yes, I wa al-ne. Inaniothermomeht thetair was filled ,ith shrieks of azony and yells of d~espair. My carriage shook and groaned and ith an tottered over on its side down an emnbankment ; luckily for'me, I was, willh the exception of a few brises, anlhurt. Oh, what a sight was before se ! The 5.55 from London had run n'o a goods train, and was a wreck. Women, children, and men were buried in the 'adebris,' whilst some, like me, had ,scaped unhurt. We rendered all assistance that lay in our power, but it was not until the sun had risen on Chiistmas morning that the I line was clear. Twenty-five people wele killed aisd'over thirty iuiared:. - iThe news rhed feshiid Nettleton soime hours previouis tomy arrivaluand Rwhen I had briedy narrated the pain-t fal facts of the case, I asked leave to I reti's to my room, unable to take part in the Christmas nmerry makings. I threw myself on the bed, and thoight over the events of the short time which I elapsed since I left London, and could ae help connecting my mysterious felfow traveller with the accident. •The few days' leisure I allowed my Self went quickly enough, and my settleto visit was soon a thing of the past, and I ws was once again hard at work in the Inn. I strove to erase the recollection from my mind of that mysterious fellow-traveller; it was in pnssible. I was very unhappy'and un s'ttled; my spirits were low, and my energy flagged cobsiderably: So the year passed away, and Christmas came again. I was, as usual, to spend 'my holidays at Nettleton, and found my .self once more in a first-class carriage by: iyself 'at 5.55 do' the 24th De cember. The whiftle sounded, the engine shrieked, the train moved, the door opened, and he entered, smiled in the same death-like manner as he had smiled twelve months ago, took his seat, and produced the black book, and read in silence. I was not very much surprised, for he had been in try 'mind's eye' all the year. I felt a sinking at my heart, and 'a birning, throbbing pain flew to my head' ' Man -if man you be'-I said,, fixing my eyes on him, "s'if you have come to warn me of any coming danger, speak to me.' He lifted his eyes from the book, yawned, closed the volume, and settled to sleep. ' No,' I cried. ' you shall not evade my question'; you must answer. What will happeb ' He roused, smiled, then took out a small pocket-book, and wrote-' We shall meet to-night.' I read the five words over but could not fathom their mean ing. I was painfully certain soine terrible calamity would happen. I kept my eyes on him for -some time ;but nature at length ruled, and I fell into a troubled sleep. I was roused by the train slackening speed, and found we had arrived at' Nettleton, and I was the only occupant of the carriage I I got out, and inquired of the station ma-ter, if he was sure that the train was the express. ' Yes, sir,' was his answer; 'through from London Bridge.' I at length arrived in safety at Nettleton House, and received a hearty welcome as of yore. ' Bless the boy,' said my Bunt " you look as pile as though you'd- seen a ghost!' ' I stammered about the closeness of Lon don, and went to dress. (here was a dance in the evening,-and after dancing with my Bessie, I went into a cooler roomr. As we entered I started back with a look of horror on my face; there, by the mantel shelf, stood my mysterious companion ! ' Bessie !' I said ; 'come away, for heaven's sake !' 'Why, whatever is the matter, Charlie r she said. I heeded her not ; I could think of nothing but the phantom before me. He approached with that cursed smile, and held out his hand. Bessie looked and laughed, and said, ' Charlie won't you shake hands ' ' Who -who is he f asked. ' Why, Doctor Linton, the deafdAid dumb gentleman.' My brain whirled, and I cannot remember what followed. This is what I learned'in calmer moments: The doctor was deaf and dumb, and a season ticket-holder on the line; and as he could not make the porters under stand him, he was allowed aprivate key. He lived at a little village some five miles the London side of Nettleton, and the managers of the line stopped the $.55 for him oun of courtesy. So my ghost vanished with the explanation. I shook him warmly by the hand, and with the assistanice of Bessie, told him toy fears, at which he laughed heartily. Bessie and I were married the follow ing Christmas, and conspicuous amongst our guests was my ' First-class' Ghost.' 