' PEMSPIKtX® MORTALS, TEA DKINKE& AND CRICKETER. We wonder how many out of the tens of thousands of lorers of cricket who shotted themBelvoB hoarse at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (asks the Age)t are aware that for many years their beloved sport was illegal in England. Yet such was the case from the time of Edward IV., who enacted a statute punishing with three" years' im prisonment and a fine of £20 any person allowing the game to be played upon his premises, and iniiicting a term of two years imprisonment and a fine of £10 upon the players, with a proviso that the implements of the game wore to be burnt. This law re mained in force until 1748, when the. Court of King's Bench solemnly decided that it was not illegal. " but that it was a manly game, not bad in itself, but only in the ill use made of it by betting more than £10 upon it" Three years later Frederick Prince of Wales, whom his mother fondly described as the greatest liar and the greatest canaille in England, was so seriously injured by a cricket ball that he gave up his worthless ghost-. Thanks to the Court of King's Bench,, Stoddarts and Brockwells have since then multipliei and replenished the English-speaking world. Tne (Duke of Wellington is reputed to have said that the battle of Waterloo was won on the cricket fields of Eton, which -is diametrically opposad to the opinion of Edward 111., who did all in his power to pat down cricket, because through its popularity archery was going out of fashion, audi:it was to the long boys of Merry Engfcmd that the great victories in France were mainly due. Cynical students of Eng lish amusements have always dwelt with Wonder upon the sadness with which Anglo basons make merry, ana a distinguished Englishman once expi e sed.the opinion that life would bo unbearable wire it not for its amusements. A foreigner who happened to visit the Melbourne ground during the last few days would certainly have some reason for-feeling astonished when he saw 80,000 people standing for six or seven hours, many with their feet on burning hot asphalt, ana all with a burning sun melting their brains, jostled, squeezed, their toes trod on and often their view cut off by a parasol or a tall hat, watching a number of perspiring mortals doing mighty things with a piece of wood and a ball. But underneath this unattractive exterior of the game ono may find all the qualities which have raised the Anglo-Saxon race to their dominant position in the world. Cricket is undoubtedly our national game, and no other people will probably ever approach the Anglo-Saxon, for a successful player requires a judicious admixture of physical and mental qualities, great .patience, forti tude under adyersity, and tho tenacity of the bull dog. These are just the qualities for which the Anglo-Saxon is famous. America may pride her inventive genius, Italy upon her art and music, France upon her civilisation and cookery, but young Australia is, unapproachable as a tea drinker and a cricketer. At tbe same time it may temper our very natural transports to remember that when a team chosen from fi,000,(KK) Australians " licks " one drawn from 40,000,000 Britishers, it is because they are tbe sons of their fathers and heirs to their brawn and brain. The congested condition of the Melbourne Cricket Ground is proof positive of the marvellous interest which the whole country feels in tbe result of the final test match, and Mr. Turner has missed his opportunity by failing to put that tax on amusements which 60 many far sighted and long- headed people. recom mended him to do. 