| CY BtKTi^An W r Author of The Gnu-Runner, a Romance of Zulu land,” “’Tween Snow and Fito,” “Through the Zulu Country: It. Battlefield,- and it, ■ People,” etc. CHAPTER XXXVI.—Skllox’s Last Lie. \ .But that he held the key to it in the shape of Violet’s communication, the reserve, hot to Say coldness, of his reception by the family, would have astonished Sellon not a little. •Now, however, it .in no wiso disconcerted iiim ; rather, it struck him in the light o'f a ■■yoke. -'SeKad got his cue, and meant to act up tout, .-c* _ plied"with the "'jolliest'Tautrh' .... _ ‘"ifrlhe world; • ; r: ‘ .4 X: • “.Cegtathly;-r certainly; my ;dear: . follow. ; X)elighted-.~s -'.Well, . Miss EfBe as .-tlraE .. young person ran against them in tho hailV-: “here I gun, back" again to-teaBbyou," you ■■see?’ "• " " ,l. Where's Uncle Renshaw," Mr : Sellon ?”• ... 4 said the ebsitd.. .• ■ ....... . Maunice.ftared. The straight question—, . the straight look .accompanying it, dfsebn berted him for-a'moinont. ■ :;1" “ Renshaw ! Oh, coming on,” he answered: •quickly;: .‘.‘.coming on-. Bo here soon,-.,I. Claresay." " He Had made the same sort of "reply to the ■ sdm'e inquiry on the-part of his host. He' 1 thought hmhaddone with the subject.: .sit irritatqd. him to.be called,upon to repeat tho samo lie over and over again.,..■ “By the way, Mr ' SellOh,” began the" ■ latter.-:. “ did you got the letter- Usont" you at . ' MaraisdorprV .. . ••• ;i'. ’■ Mistir Sellon !” Maurice started Old* Chris was taking the thing seripusly igtieod,. . he tticiught, with an inward laugbi' * J ,;"'v “ '• “ Not I,’’he answered"; ‘'Jl’robably^fort3? . • • beat of alt possible, reasons...•■.■ I didn't come through Jjlataiaddfp'", or "any where near it.’’ .t -4‘Before-going any further I wunt ypn, to look'at'this,” ■ said-Sel woo'd, Uiiro6kii?g « , . small sale and .taking* out the Unfortunate miesive. “ Wait—excuse mo ono moment,T '"■want'voii to look attentively at the. direotion ' first.” ‘ • • ' " Hestill hold,the envelope." Maurice took ... one glance at the address—tho hand writing—' " " and as he did so his face was not pleasant to "' behold. ■ ’ , j “All.right. I know that, oaligraphy. well. ;enough. Ought to by this time. Ha, ha ! So she has been favoring yon ‘with her peculiar views bn ‘things in general and me in particular. You ought to feel honored.” \- “ I?. Favoring me ?” euhoed the other, in , a, Btate. of amazement. “Tea—you. I suppose the" communica 'tion is an interesting one.” • " “My dear Sellon, look at the address ■again,” said Christopher, handing him the envelope. \ v “By Jove! It's for me after all,” looking at it again. “ What a treat! Why the devil • : can’t the woman write legibly,”he muttered. Then aloud: “Why it.looks exactly as if it j was addressed to,you, Selwood.” “ Ha—1 am very glad indeed" tc hear you \- say that. I thought the same. You see, I’d ' got it' mixed up-among a crowd of -other, , ' letters, and openod it by mistake.” v . “ The de7il you did !”, ' ' •• .. - “Yea* I can only tell youhow sorrj-Tam; • hnd'iioW-I have ipent life .autsing:.ray blub. atinine 8tn'pidity_He.ver^.8iuC5««*JJjtt. thevo-is another kjnng.- I feel'bqundjJilh’onou' "\ .to tell you that .1 didn’t become aware of the"' .mistake until I had run my eye doWn the ; " , 'first page. You will notice there fiB'ho.be . ginning. . I turned to the signature for em lightenraent, but between the first page and. tho signature 1 did not read a word.1’ Sellon hurst into a roar of laughter-ap ' • pareutly " over the mistake, in reality as he . -realised how quiokly he would be in a posi tion to turn the enemy’s ilank. “ My dear fellow, don’t say another word about it. The joke is an exceedingly rich . ■ one. See what comes of our names being so infernally alike. Two sells—eh? But \- you don’t suppose I am going to share ,in your entertainment over this charming .^epistle? Not much, duet oblige me wish a . , match.” “Wait, wait, ” cried the other. ,1‘ Better > " read it this time—or, at any ratej[* as much of • Itas it was my misfortuqe to see^” . “B.’ni! "Well, here goes,”, said Maurice; jerking tho letter out. of .'tho envelops, as though it would burn his fin’gers. Quito •so,” he went'oh, with a bitter sneer, "run ning his eye down the sheet.' .‘“ That’s about enough of this highly entertaining document. The rest can he taken as read, like n petj- . tion to the House of Commons. That match, 'if you please. Thanks. I need . hardly remind you, Selwood,” he went on, Watching the flaming sheet curling up in the grate; “I need hardly remind you.bow many rmen there are in this world who’marry • the wrong woman. I daresay I needn’t remind you, either, that, a considerable per centage" of these are entrapped and defrauded • into the concern by lies and deception against whioh it. is next to'impossible- for any man to guard—at all events,-any young ; inan. When to this I add that there are "' "women in this world who, for sheer, ; ... gratuitous, uniform fiendishness" of disposi tion could give the devil poinfe and beat him ■1 at an easy canter, 1 think I’ve said enough for all present purposes.” “This is-an awkward and most unpiea ■ sant business," said Selwood; “ Excuse me if ; I feel bound to refer once more to that letter. The—er—writer makes reference by ■name-to MisB Avory, who is a guest in my y , • house, and a relation" "of my wife’s—and that, i too, in a-very extraordinary maimer; "to .put , ft as mildly as I can.” “My <3ear follow, that’s a little way of iters. I can assure you I aih most awfully put out that you should have"- been annoyed ■ about the business. As tothe mistake,'-don’t • give it another thought.” . g: "" How did " hfrs—er—the writer—know Misd Avory was hero?" ... [■•-g'.'TliiS was a fa«or—not so much" the ques.% .' tion, .a3~ trie~faut—ts&t;—the..knowlodge "of o ''‘Violet’s whereabouts, on the parfcl.of 'thh • Writer implied that he, Sellon, had not mqt her there at Snnningdale for the first time.. . But he hoped the other might not notice this Side of it • ’ “ That’s beyond me,” he answered: “How : did she know I was here? For I need hardly ■ tell you we don’t correspond every, mail exactly. I can only explain it on'the score that more people know Tom Fool thauT. F. knows : that there are, I suppose, people in this neighborhood who hail from tha. old Country, or. have relations there, and the ' postage upon gossip is no higher than that • upon business.” “ Four: will not mintl my saying-.that it is S pity we did not know you were a, married ' Had been,’ you "should have said, not ’• ‘were.’ Not but whatlegally I aid's till tied up fast enough-chained - ttud bound'^whish has .this advantage, tbat.it keeps a miiu from . sill temptation to make. a. fool cf.himself a, Second time in his life. SrilT, it" doesn’t" ' -*oiiut otherwise.” ■, - - * 5 * “No;‘I suppose" not,”" said tha-:other; gignificantly. “ Perhaps it doesn't'keep a . span from making, a fool of other. ..people,. / ‘ thOUgh.” ■• '“ Now, my dear Selwood, what the very ’. deuce are you driving at-? For-.heaven’s -. sake, let as be straight and open with each ■ Other.” “ Well, I mean this. It’s a most un pleasant thing to have to say to -anv man. ' But, you see, Miss Avory is our guest, and a relation as well. Yon must know as well as I do that your attentions to her were very— er—marked.” One of those jolly laughs which has so genuine a ring;-and which Maurice knew so.- well .when -to . bring, in; greeted this spepob.' ........ ' "Look here, S'elwood,” he said, " I don’t wa'nf to hurt yotir feelings,- ■" but the- fact- is, yoit-donlt understand‘women in the. least. sss^fUte.ontbe wcong.tackjjibelieye me. ...Mfsa-A.yory .doeanlt core the ghost of a gtraw for m or my.' ‘ .attentions” You must' re -aileiriber that’ we both knew—er—the ‘same people-in-England. There, you must’ fill in fk«:outlino.; .1 am.net at.liberiy.to, say more. Phi. there won’t be muoh time to put the .matter to the test, for I’ve got to leave you ‘Seim!' to-morre v,-'.° ’ . .- • oTniGheistopher.Sehvood’s honorable mind ^o^do.ubt.suggested itself: as to the genuine uess of this explanation., There was a frank ’Straightforwardness about :it which; with a 'inan'of his character, was bound to tell,. -.He felt: intensely--.relieved. But to this, feeling there.succeeded one of humiliation. Had he not ina.de an inordinate fuss over the concern at the start ? Had he not raised {a- veritable •stQj-m- in the -teapot, and set everybody. • by thej.ears; fur weeks?- Had he not in his anxiety to unburden- himself abdicated his own mature judgment in favor of the less re \- liable dicision.of his wife ? In short, had ho •tiot ttiade a!! consummate ass of hinjseif all ripuhd-;? . Of oourse he-had. ^.8 Sel wood, there is one thing ,? ^ y°u about now we are t6-i 'getner,” said Maurice, aiter-a pauBe. “ Y’ou ■laud the others were asking about Fanning .just ;now.*. -The.fact is, lie'is not with me, but I couldn't,say so without entering into fiifiher explanations, which would’certainly have alarmed the ladies. We, found our . t VaUey Of the Eye’ all right, and a deuce of a job it was. -.Though! I wouldn’t go on that jaunt, again for twice the loot. The ‘ Eye’ is a genuine concern, I can tell you— a-spleudid stone. Fanning has got it. Well, .we spout the day picking up a few other .stones,-and just as we were clearing out we were attacked, by a . lot of Bushmen or Korannas, or whatever they were, and had !to run; By Jove, it was touch and go. They pressed us hard until dark, and then we had to separate—to throw them off the scent, don’t you see ? We agreed to meet at his place—that is, if we were to meet anywhere attain in this world. Well, I had an awful time .of it iu those infernal mountains, dodging the niggers. I couldn’t show, my nose iu the daytime, and didn’t know the country well enough to make much headway at night, and 1 nearly starved. It took me igore than a week before I could fetch the river, and get through to Fanning’s place, and when I got there he hadn’t turned up. -But I found a letter which had been sent by special messeugef, requiring me at Capetown, sharp, about some infernal but important law business, and I’m on my way there now. I loft a note for Fanning, telling him what to do with my share of the swag, when it came to divfding, for we hadn’t had time to attend to thas.then, and except a few small stones lie Wit all on him. -It’ll .be something, borne' again long before tins. He wag just ‘ laughing ih his sleeve at the idea of a few ,.nigger3 like, that thinking to -run him to . earth. And he seems to know that awful country like A B C. I never saw such a fellow.” 11 That’s bad news, Sellon, right bad news,” said the other, shaking his head. “ Roushaw has been all hiB life at that Eort of thing, so we must hope ho’ll turn up all right. But— the pitcher that goe3 too often to the pump, you know.” “ Well, I need hardly say I devoutly hope he will, for if not I shall be the loser to a very large extent, as all the swag is with ■him. But I somehow feel certain we shall hear from him almost directly.’’ : We may be sure that in narrating his ad ventures that evening to the household at large Sellon in no wise minimised his experi ences of the undertaking, or his own exploits. It is only fair to say that he really had under gone a very hard time before he had suc ceeded in striking the river at the dritt where they had crossed; and, indeed, it was more by good luck than management that he had. reached it at all. And during his narrative one listener waB noting every word he said, with breathless attention. Whenever he looked np Marian Selwood’s blue eyes were fixed upon his face. He began to feel very Uncomfortable beneath that, steady searching gaze. But he felt more so when, his story finished, Marian began to ply him with questions. “ A.rogular cross-examination, confound it!” he thought. And then, by way of a diver, sion, he went to fetch. the few diamonds which he had kept apart to show as the sole result.of the expedition. These were ex amined- with due interest. . The fact of Sellon arriving alone created ho suspicion in the minds of Selwood and his wife, nor yot uneasiness. Was he not a newly-imported Briton—and to that extent a greenhorn ? It he could find his way out and successfully dodge his-pursuers, was it likely that a seasoned adventurer such as Renshaw would fare any worse? So on the. latter’s account they felt but small anxiety. Mot_ so Marian, however. A terrible suspicion had taken shape within her mind during Sellon’s narrative. *• He has murdered him,” she repeated to herself during a night of, sleepless agony—such -as a strong concentrative nature will sometimes be called upon to undergo. But she kept her suspicions to herself—for the present -at any rate. She was helpless. What could she do ? There was nothing to go upon. Then, on the morrow, Sellon took his de parture as ho had announced his intention of doing, and. the equanimity with which the cticumstsnsa— was regarded by Violet, together with their indifferent demeanor towards each other on the previous evening, completely lulled any suspicions which might have lingered in Christopher Selwood’s mind; confirming as it did- the other’s frank and straightforward explanation. For his wife had not yet told him all that had transpired between herself and Violet. 