SPORTING. By f 'Adottr's Ghost.' A preliminary meeting, which was well attended, and presided over by Dr Watt, was held ou Friday evening at the Boyal Hotel, to take steps to establish a rowing club here. The chairman mentioned the object for which the meeting was called. ns poimea one max u 3. hundred members were secured, they could start the' dab. The initial cost would be from about £125 to £150— the expense of eiecti-.g a floating shed and the probable cost of two four-oar boats. Several acqnatic enthusiasts, ino'ud ing Meters Uohen, Quirk, MoBley, Higrfos, Miller, Quist, Phillips, spake warmly in support of establishing a rowing club here. It was decided that the initiation . and subscription be £1, which is considered very reasonable. Mention was made that it was likely several persons in the country would join tbe club. Dr Watt and Mr M. Cohen were appointed to collect subscri ptions in the town, whilst all those present promised to use their beat endeavors to in auoe persons to join. The next meeting will be held at Thomas' Boyal Hotel, ou Friday next, when it is to be hoped there . will be s large muster. There is plenty of material here to start a good rowing club. Dr Watt, who has taken tbe initiatory steps to establish a rowing club here, captained the Aberdeen University R swing C ab for four years, later he vrns a member of the London Rowing Club, and stroked some of the senior races at the West . London Begittas. The geniul medico also . rowed at Henley, and stroked the cha.mp.oa eight, b:8ifles winning several prizes in sculling at Aberdeen. Mr Quirk was number 6 in tbe Intercolonial eight oar raca rowed in Sydney in 1888. The same year he rowed stroke oar in the Intercolonial Schools' Kaco in the Bariron river, Victoria. Sir Carran, of the local refrigerating works, ruwvd a well known and trusty oar oa behalf of the Balnuin Working Mens' Rowing Club, which bos turned out some of the best oar BDien in Sydey. The Hay Rowing Club's Regatta was hold ou Wednesday, and was a greaisuccess, bsing attended l-y 400 or 600 people. The event of the day was the contest between the Kohuca and Hay four-oared crews, for a prize valued £12 12s, presented by Mr G. Haines. The distance was 1} miles and 220 yards, and the raoe was easily won by Hay by about teu lengths iu 8min Isec. In the challenge double sculls, distance 70 shains, Hay proved too much again for Eohuoa, beating them by two lengths in 4 min 22J aaor. George Haines wen the si ogle scull race, and the handicap single soufi race was wen by ff. W. Camper. In the senior fours Reed's crew proved the viators. Beck beat Phillips and Thompson beat Doyle last night in the first round ol Ben Andrew's Billiard Tournament. The Cootamundra Races, take place to morrow. 