>—--—---— A Fair Spiritualist; 0E A WOMAN’S VICTORY. By “EBICA,” Author o£ “Mora Than Coroaata.’’ I [ALL EIGHTS RESERVED.] 1" CHAPTER V.—(Continue:!). “ The girl’s conduct has been a great trouble to me,” Miss Caterwa!! was say ing. “ If she had staved with me for a lew years longer I should not have minded so much : but to leave me in that heartless way when 1 was becom ing really attached to her ! I know It is foolish to feel any regard for workpeople; they are so disappointingly .ungrateful. But, then, I have such a Clinging nature." ‘‘Who has been ill-treating Miss CaterwallV” asked Royal Boomcraft, sotto voce, of Gay Furnell. “ Mary, the parlor maid !” Gay an swered. “Mary says that as Miss Caterwali will not give her the rise of wages she promised her that she may as well marry the butcher.” .<• She must be a courageous youn • woman to marry such a sanguinary Character.” The speaker was. a tali, very hanu ' somSai^i? man of about twenty-two ''years. He had regular Grecian features. On olive complexion, keen, dark eyes. ,very white, even teeth, which he was fond of showing, and glossy, wavy With his shine of hair, teeth, and eyes, he looked all glitter, especially When lie was speaking, for he had an animated, decisive manner,which would Have seemed a trifle overbearing hut that he counteracted it with a smile. Which he intended to he winning, and Which many people found captivating. • Noting his handsome face, and strong 'figure instinct with manly grace, his mellow tones, and bright conversational powers, it was easy to understand that his title—that of the ” Lady Killer ”— was an appropriate one. ’ Few women could resist his fascina tions when he chose to exercise them; and the few were those who required more than mere external beauty in their ideals. He was trying the best lie knew to .tender himself attractive to Gay Fur hell,' for he had a strong liking for the lortune she was likely to inherit, as well as a decided regard for the young lady herself, the latter a regard being the lesser, for lie loved money. i Gay was Captain Furnell’s ward and heiress. She was that orphan child of the former friend of Iris who had saved bis life in the Elephanta Caves, and lost his own in doing so. Gay was floubly dear to him; was, indeed, almost the idol of his life. ; She was a blue-eyed, delicate-looking girl, with fair hair, which crisped, and Curled, and waved, and did everything possible to hair except lie straight. Her expression was gentle, vivacious, end sweet; her figure slender and girlish, and her movements unstudiedly graceful, so that she looked a fitting Bnd well-matched companion to the handsome Royal Boomcraft, who sat beside her now, watching the play of light and shadow upon her beautiful lace from the waving greenery of the bank of trees above them, with more ihan a passing interest. ) “ I must get her promise to-day,” he 1 faid to himself. “ This is no time to play fast and loose. Not that Went worth has the ghost of a chance, what ever he may think about it.” I Frank Wentworth, the quiet-looking Xnan, the third gentleman of the party, had glanced once or twice at Royal, Whom he knew slightly, and more than once or twice at Gay, whom he would have liked to know better—well enough to call sweetheart, and wife, in fact; Und then became converted to his rival's opinion—that when Royal was in Miss Gay's company, Frank Wentworth was not worth looking at. i He resigned himself to the inevitable, pud gave himself up to the easy and pleasant task of amusing the younger girls, some dozen of whom and himself went off presently upon an exploring expedition, while Royal and Gay mounted the grass-clothed bank near by for the purpose of looking at the Slew, as Royal mentioned expressly, and Miss Caterwail went into senti mental agonies over a bone that the Incoming tide had carried to tile feet D£ the party. “Where lies the shipwrecked mariner liow of whom this sad relic once formed pari ?" she asked in deep sadness of the Winds and waves. • ’As those elements did not reply, the august lady leaned back and gazed into Sracaney with wrapt earnestness. • Her pupils watched her with absorbed Interest. They knew what was occur ring—she was going to make some poetry. They had witnessed her do it before. . Meantime Captain Furnell took up the bone, one glance at which assured him that it was the phalange of a horse, or perhaps of that humbler beast of burden, the donkey, and poised it in his band thoughtfully. He was thinking t)f Gay, and of Royal, his grandson ; thinking anxiously that his grandson had a plan to rob him of his ward. Presently Miss Caterwali finished writing in her note-book, and closed her pyes with an air of exhausted relief. ■ "Oil, do read it to us, dear Miss Caterwali ! Now, please do!” arose in a Chorus of young ladies’ voices. “Oh, now, please! Your poetry is so beauti illl !” . “My loves ! Pray spare me! I could Hot do so, really—in Captain Furnell’s hearing, at all events.” '‘Then I will read it, instead,” said ‘Captain Furnell, possessing himself of the scrap of paper gallantly, for he saw that this was exactly what Miss Cater Wall wished him to do. “But do you really think that it is part Df a drowned sailor, Captain?" asked the youngest lady. : “No, my dear, I think it is part of a horse's foot or of a dog’s; itis certainly HO human relic.” 1 '“How terrible the bed of the ocean must appear with the remains of the Browned people!” shuddered another xery erudite young lady. • '‘Impossible," Captain Furnell, an swered, with a smile; “the great den sity of deep sea water reduces all sub Btances (human remains and all other) Ito atomic conditions, as deep sea sound ings have proved.” ' ''But do read the poetry,” the chorus reiterated. i Thus reminded of the sacred leaf he <434 held in his hand, Captain Furnell read as follows :— •‘Frail, mortal relic of the dead. Calm lying on the ocean bed Ten thousand fathoms deep. What mermen’s legends could’st thou tell, Could’st thou hut stand alive and well. Wakened from tliy long sleep ?” And so on through two more stanzas, each deeper than the last. ‘‘Poetical language is allowed a little licence, you know. Captain,” Miss Caterwall simpered, after the eulo gisms of the young ladies had sub sided. •‘Quite so. madam ; the verses show great depth, if you will allow me to say so,” Captain Furnell answered, re ferring to the ten thousand fathoms, and privately wondering whether turn ing fact into unfact was the rhymester's privilege and licence. Ke would have himself liked to take an elderly gentleman’s licence in the form of a siesta, for the air was still, calm'and warm, and verse-reading has a soporific tendency,but “if you will pre sent yourself at picnics, you must be as youthful as you can, old friend,” he said to himself, acting upon which in ward prompting he escorted Miss Caterwall on her way to join the juni ors of the party, listening the while to her inane efforts to be sprightly and in tellectual in her talk with praiseworthy patience. Meanwhile his grandson was upon the cliff above, looking at the view— of Gay’s blue eyes, and not finding quite what he hoped to see therein. •‘Why did you not bring Lina to day?" Gay was asking. ‘‘I could not persuade her to it. She had appointed to be at a spiritualistic .seance this afternoon. All her spare enthusiasm is given to the investiga tion of spiritualism lately, much to the exclusion of mundane enjoyments. “I shall certainly ask to go, too, when I come home.” ‘‘When does that happy event take “In a month from now—at midsum ‘‘It has been simple barbarity to the Captain to keep you at school so long. Do you not think so?” “No, I do not. Barbarians do not send their wards to school at all. My guardian is incapable of barbarity. “Where you are concerned, I know,” said Royal, rather bitterly. Gay felt the change in his tone, and became serious. “Dear Royal, it is not my fault,” she said^ in a timidly protesting way. “If I could have my way you and Lina should be first with and everything to “I know, dear, and if you only will you can be the means of causing a per fect re-union between grandfather and myself.” Here he took her hand and placed it within his arm caressingly, “but if you are going to marry that Wentworth fellow-” “Dear me, Royal ! You talk as if I were the clergyman licensed to marry. If I were do you know upon whom I would perform the ceremony first?” “Miss Caterwall, I suppose, and quite “No ; you and Lina. The arrange ment would be so charmingly suitable; everybody says so.” “I suppose then that Lina and I are nobodies, for neither of us says so. Lina will always be what she always has been to me—as a sister—nothing “And she so beautiful and so clever ! You show a wonderful absence of good taste. Royal.” “No, dear, for it is you whom I wish to have for a wife ; you before all other women in the world.” “Gay, you know, you must know my mind and heart; you must have known it this long time, must have seen that my heart is yours entirely.” “Do not say me nay ! Think, too, that our marriage would be the most e£ ; l'ectual means of reconciling grandfather and myself—not that I want his pro perty. I do not need it, having plenty of my own. And, then, I love you, Gay, dearest. Come, look up, and give me the answer I shall so greatly rejoice to hear. I want my old playfellow for my | He took her other hand and looked down at her with well simulated an xiety. In reality he could not conceive the possibility of Gay ,or any other young lady refusing Royal Boomcraft; and his thoughts passed complacently on to rest for a few moments upon the contemplation of those additional thou sands of pounds which would be in his keeping when Gay should be his wife. ... Gay looked at him deprecatingly, but answered without an instant s hesita “Royal, I am so very much grieved that you should have spoken in this way to me, for I cannot give you the answer you wish to hear. I hoped we might be friends always, and now, it seems, I must make you angry.” “You will not refuse me. Gay!” “I must, indeed, Royal. I am not wishing to marry.” “Then, it is because you have that Wentworth fellow on your mind. I sus pected it at first.” ■ “I have no more right to think of Mr Wentworth than you have to men tion his name,” Gay answered, with a dignity that became her very well; “and I must beg of you to refrain from doing so.” Royal was very angry, with the slow, cruel anger of an implacable man. His pride, not his affection, was wounded; he believed so thoroughly in his own attractions of person and manner that he had not considered a refusal of his offer to be within the limits of pos sibility; and as he was naturally vin dictive it was natural for him to feel vindictively towards this girl whom he had honored with an offer of his hand. He made two resolves She should accept him. He would retaliate upon her for her refusal of him. He threw the whole force of his will power into his eloquent dark eyes, and exclaimed in a voice apparently trem bling with the deepest emotion, “ Gay, my darling ! Can it be that you will send me from you heart broken and hopeless? Think again, for pity’s sake, dear one ! You cannot know what your refusal will be to me. Gay, think again.” But souls can never tie attracted to sympathy by simulated feeling. Gay was distressed, but she remained firm. Not that she accused him of acting ; she thought him sincere, and reproached herself that she could not respond as he wished. “ Say no more, Itoyal. I can never be yours; but I do hope that you will be able to forgive me very soon.” She held out her hand and looked beseechingly at him, her clear blue eyes fdled with tears. " Gay, dear Gay ! be persuaded.” He took her in his arms, and would have pressed his lips to hers, but she wrenched herself away, angry now, as well as distressed. Then for one instant each made a truthful reading of the heart of the other. In her eyes he saw an in domitable refusal; in his she read morti fied pride, and a desire for revenge. Up to that time she had seen much in him to like and admire; from that time forward she thought of him only with dislike. As for Royal, his love, or the feeling which did duty for it, turned to hatred and desire for revenge. 