CURRENT TOPICS. " tnat old house ia Mscqaarie-street, whioh he loved very muob, and whioh was the only historic building in Australia." Thus Sir Henry Parkes iu his addross at Kiaina on Thursday evening. The faculty of "seuti- mentalieiag like Eosseau " is one that Sir Henry unfortunately lacks. He frequently attempts to sentimentalise, but invariably fails, mainly became he soleots, as in this caso, a wrong and unfortunate theme ; and also because under the soft words lurks a cold, strong heart, whioh is not the proper flowering ground of tho pretty sentiment bloBsom. If there iB one building in Aus tralia whoso associations are rank and evil- flavored it is that same " old house iu Mao- quarie-street " which Sir Henry pleads guilty to loving. Tho foul old rum hos pital is . soaked through and through with the odors of tho bygone conviat time, which we would all, if truth allowed us, willingly forget, .. Not all tho legislative triumphs since enacted there, not all the spells woven by tho oratory of Went worth, and Darvall, and Drkiehy are potent enough to banish tho presiding memories of that night of infernal felony and official tyranny which stood as tho inverted dawn of Australian history ; and through all tho corridors of timo shall clank a cropped and fettered figure iu grey— a guest misplaced and uninvited as Bakquo's ghost at the ultimate banquet of Australian nationhood. This ghostly figure csnuol be banished, but the tangible things that reoall him need not he perpetuated — need not at any rato bo gloried in by our politicians and historians. Wo cannot put a bridle on Sir Henry's misplaced "love," but if he will go wooing such objeols as the ram-wreathed " iiouso in Macquario-strect " we appeal to him not to invite the people at largo to accompany him on his sontimenlal journey to this awful Mecaa of his affections. The plea for mercy which the garrotor M'Gumii offered at the Quarter Sessions waB somewhat unuena). His record is a black one. Still in tho flower of his days, he has spent tho greater part of them within gaol walls, his last sentence having boen terminated only last January. Previous to the passing of the sontouco for his latest crime- -a very bad one— -the prisoner urged iu extenuation that be bad never known friends, eduoation, kindness ; had never been instructed in a trade, nor dono a day's work in his whole career. What ohauco, he said, had existence for such aB ho 7 The judge answered him with a sen tence of seven years' penal servitude, a severe sentence doubtless, but just accord ing to tho prisoner's crime und previous history. The country takes legitimate pride in its aystom of oduoation. and if this felon grew up in ignorance that must, it seams, havo boon hie own fault. Ab for hie lack of friendr, he knows best how much of that loneliness is to be ascribed to his own character and life. And for work, M'Guire waB young and strong, r.nd for such there is ulwaya honest employment. Still, though ins appeal soeni i to have boen merely one of tlioso many extenuations which prisoners are so fertile iu fabricating, there remains tho dismal possibility thnl he has not had a fair chauco in tho struggle, for existence, and that sooiety may after all be heavily re. sponsible for his failings and crimes. This is a matter whioh it it unfortunately impossible to ascertain. B.-r in contemplating such a record as M'Gui.:f's aue ,vu naon what the churches are doing that a young fellow should bo allowed to go from bad to worse without a hand being put forth to arrost his terrible descent. If it ia the function of judges to condemn it is as truly tho function of clergy men to redsoin, but human society thinks too much of the punishment of the criminal and nothing at all of his redemption, Because a man becomes a gaol bird that is no reason why ho should bo surrendered wholly to the powers of darknoas. Tho friends whose absence M'Guire deplored should have been found in the churolies. We hear of homos iu p.cnty for fallen women, but for fallen men there is no. moral hospice. The rescue, work oi criminals . is left ap parently altogether to ono poor clamorous but ardent division of ! Christianity. — O ' It is announced that the Canadian Govern- mene hoe not yet made any overture to the Colonial Office regarding its proposal that a commission of delegates from tho colonies and Groat Britain should meet in -London to disouss the project of a Pacific cable. Wo do not believe that anything is to bo gained from such a conference. Of conferences and commis sions we have had more than enough re- / contly. In comparison with their cost tho i results brought about ate ridioulously / Binall. What good, for instance, is to come out of the Ottawa Couferonce lias not l yot been nmdo apparent to us ; and as for a I Pacific cable, there is no noed for a confer ( once oh that matter. It is practically over 1 and dono with. Euglund and tho colonics have lost the opportunity, for America has taken the mattor up with characteristic promptitude, whilo British communities were prating about it. When the American cable is extended to Hawaii it will be easy and comparatively inexpensive to connect it with New Zealand, Australia doas not bother about the route of tbe alternative cable so long as it is established. Tho contention that tho Pacific cablo should pasB only through British territory is the merest moonshine. It is part of tho blatant policy of Imperial federation, which is " in tho air," and as far as Australia is concerned will have to remain there. No Australian Government anyhow would be willing to pay a beavy ' subsidy for tbe privilege of getting its cable news through British territory when it might be obtained more choaply by the American ronte. Imperialistic sentiment is well euough when it is sentiment, but when be hind all tho professions so abundant just now we see the cloy en hoof of tho British speculator aud trader it iB apt to be dis enchanting. The American-owned cable will suit us quite as well as any other. The Rev. A. Gray, a missionary from tho New Hebrides, in a leoturo delivered in Sydney the other night made a violent attack on the kanaka traffic, Tbe evidence upon which this attack was based was, Mr. Gray admitted, " merely hearsay," which accounts for a good doal of its lack of interest. A lecturer has no business to make statements on hearsay when the opportunities aro at hand for tho collection of reliable evidence. Had Mr. Gray been in earnest in seeking to arrive at the truth about the kanaka traffic he would surely have visited Queenslaud aud obtained his infor matiou at first hand. We do not desire to defend the kanaka traffic, but we are not going to accept Mr. Gray as an authority in hostile criticism of the system. Most of us have a good many things ou " hear say," but sensible men, as a rule, beliove only a moiety of tbe nows which reaches them in this way, and perfeetiy honest men hesitate about attacking any other man, or system, or institution on such au thority. Doubtless there are abuses in the kanaka traffio, but if Mr. Gray desireB to rouse public feeling on this matter ha must come clothed more authoritatively. The gossip which he has heard and repeated may or may not be true;' but as evidence it is hopelessly valueless. If he feels that black humauityis being wronged in Queensland let him come down with specific instancoB obtained by personal in vestigation and initiato a crusade. Sliouid ha discover that the abuses, concerning which- he is bo confident on "hearsay,'' really exist, ho will find no ' laok of colleagues ready to champion ' his cause. At present his charges aro too nebulous aud vagrant to merit even passing considera tion. If the question ia worth iocturiug upon it is worth studying, and perhaps it was the publio prescience of Mr, Gray's hearsay information that condemned him to lecture on Thursday night to what tho reporter describes as a " limited audience," 