ENGLISH NOTES. H.R.H. the Princess of Wales purposes becoming an exhibition of Russian wolfhounds (borzois). During her stay in St. Petersburg her Royal Highness secured a handsome pappy, Alex, which, although only 8 months old, measures over 28in. at the shoulder. He ie a beautiful long wavy-haired dog, pare white, with a well- marked fawn brindle head, with very small ears, and was bred by Mr. A.. J. Rousseau, by his celebrated dog Ataman the Great, the only gold medal Russian wolfhound in the world. The Duchess of York is extremely fond of poker work, in which she has attained great profioieney. The Duchess of Sutherland is well-known as an ardent temperance reformer, and in January last was engaged in resoue work in Staffordshire. A Pleasant Sunday Afternoon * meeting ib held regularly in the Sculpture Gallery of Tentham Hall, and is frequently addressed by the Duohess, who originated the movement there. Lady Henry Somerset has invited the London County Counoil to obtain orders for the dos ing of the public-house property in Bomers Town in which she is interested, undertakes to assist them in so doing, and also offers in the •tent of the houses being shut up to forego all rent, so that the lessees may suffer as little as possible. Lady Fraser, the wife of the Agent-General for Western Australia, gave an entertainment and a Christmas tree to the colonists in London at the Kensington Town Hall. Lady Martin, formerly the famous actress, Mils Helen Faucit, was so ill in January as to be unable to leave her room. The Marchioness of Londonderry has been unanimously elected as the president of the Thorpe and Grindon Parish Council. Lady Londonderry did not go to the poll, but was •leoted by «o optation, and has for her coadjutors a labourer, a mason, a publican, a gardener, two farmers, and a land agent. Mrs. M'llquhun has been eleoted president of the parish counoil of St aver ton, in Gloucestershire. Miss Gough has been appointed olerk of Elles mere Parish Council, under the new regime. Mrs. Charles Hunter, of Plas Cocb, has been elected president of the parish council at Llaaedwyn; and Mrs. Anwyl, of Llan gurig, has been unanimously eleoted vice chairman of the parish countil at Llangurig. Miss Annie Beatrice Evans is the youngest guardian in the United Kingdom under the new regime. Miss Evans headed the poll at St. Asaph, and won the suffrages of more than two-thirds of the whole electorate, and she came of age just in time to be duly qualified for the post. Miss Evans is the fourth daughter of the Rev. David Evans, rural dean, vicar of Abergele, and a member of the Lower House of Convocation. At the examination of the Sanitary Institute, held at Liverpool in December last, three ladies were successful in passing, and obtained the diploma of the institute as qualified sanitary inspectors. The diplomas have been for some time lecturers on hygiene to the Liverpool Ladies' Sanitary Association. To meet the increasing demand for women workers in the Church of England the Church Pastoral Aid Society is about to open a training home for ladies at Blaokheatb, near London, where the ladies under training at the home will work in the poorer parishes of the neigh bourhood. The resolution of the Church Missionary Society to send women missionaries to Uganda has already elioited offers of service of the kind desired, and there is every reason to believe that 1895 will see a small party of English ladies gathered at Mwanga's capital. Miss Margaret Benson, daughter of the Archbishop of Canterbury, has written a small volume of sketches and studies of animals in their domestic relations, entitled "Subject to Vanity." The book is illustrated by the author. "George Egerton," author of "Keynotes," if an authority on folk lore—not only of England but of Europe. As a reoreation she is an enthusiast about fishing, and aocom panies her husband in all his fishing excursions in Norway. Lady Gwendolen Cecil, second daughter of Lord Salisbury, is the author of "The Closed Cabinet," a powerful ghost story in a recent number of Blaekwood. Lady Gwendolen has written several politioal pamphlets, but " The Closed Cabinet" is her first story. Miss Christian Maclagan, of Ravensoroft, Stirling, has presented her splendid series of rubbings from Scottish monumental and carved ■tones to the British Museum. This distin guished antiquarian is the author of "Hill Forts and Stone Circles," and other similar works, and is still at work, though aged 83, as she has just brought out a book entitled " What Do These Stones Mean ?" Miss Jane Meuzies, of Edinburgh, a Univer sity woman and a scholar of the Norse language, has brought out an interesting little volume recording a woman's work in the third oentury. It is a translation in English verse of the Anglo- Saxon poem of " Elene," written by Oynewulf, of Northumbria, in the eighth oentury. This tells in spirited language and in flowing verse the adventures of the Empress Helena in the search after the True Cross, and of her suooeas in finding it. It records the opinions of our Anglo-Saxon ancestors of the time of Cynewulf, regarding the position and opportunities of women; and, as St. Helena was a native of Colohester, Englishwomen may well be in terested in their countrywoman. Mrs. Main, who a few years ago published an interesting little book oalled " My Home iv the Alps," is about to bring out a volume entitled "Hints on Snow Photography," accompanied by illustrations reproduced from photographs Of Alpine scenery. Mrs. Main has for some time past resided in Switzerland. Her first husband was Colonel Frederick Burnaby, of the " Ride to Khiva" fame. Mrs. M. E. Fraucis, who is known for her "Story of Dan" and "In a North Country Village," has a novel, "A Daughter of the Soil," which is to be published as a serial in the Times weekly edition. Mrs. Lewis and Mrs. Gibson, the two sisters who discovered the old Striae Gospels in 1892, have been busily engaged for some considerable time past in the arduous task of cataloguing the Syrian and Arabio manuscripts which are in the possession of the Convent of St. Catherine, on Mount Sinai. Among the treasures there are Arabio versions of Roman?, Corinthians, and Galatians. The index will be an inesti mable boon to soholars. Women, it is remarked, are constantly making new openings for themselves in con nection with literary work. Some ladies have reoently started an agency in London for undertaking all kinds of research work, besides indexing, copying, translating, and typewriting. The ladies at the head of this literary agency have a practical acquaintance with the best methods of research work, and special faoilivies for acquiring information on obscure points in literature. The governors of Girton are promoting a memorial to Mme. Bodiohon, foremost of pioneers in the work of providing a higher eduoation for girls, in the shape of a scholar ship at Girton College, of which she was one of the leading founders and benefaotors. The unwearied efforts of Mme. Bodiohon in the cause of eduoation must ever be remembered with gratitude by those who are reaping the fruit of her labours, and as, to the close of her busy life, the progress of Girton never ceased to be the object of her especial interest and solicitude, the governors have marked their sense of the peculiarly appropriate foundation of this scholarship by heading the fund with a grant of £1000, 