The Extravagant Hindu Legend Ot tha Hlnda legends the most striking ? feature is their wfldsesa. Is it a protest against tha doll monotony ol life . in India? Or is life less monotonous -to the native to tha European ? Lai Behari'a tales, any. how, are! wilder than tho wildest bits of« the '''Arabian Nights.' A yenrig man pnta an Dgg of the toontoonia bird into a oupboard, and onto! it comes a babe that grows into the lovelicat'girl the world ever Btiw. The mannik atbne in some snakes', heads' la worth the -wealth otttven kings/ In -a certain city on eiepnani is King maxer, out tne king of hia choice only reigns a ? day.cfo'r oat ot the queens, mouth oomea a threadlike snake, which slays him in the bridal chamber. A long-loet son, who had fallen in lovo with. hia mother, and has mounted the cow-house root that he may brsak in and carry her off, biappily hears Uia life's Btory from two calves that on quietly discussing him below. .A wife going out 'of doora on ? a dark night acci dentally knocks- up- against a Sankohinni, white-lady ghost,; that sat on a low bnwoh. The revengeful creature .at onoe took hor by the throat, thruat her into . a hole in the tree, and went in, takiDg her shape so completely that the mother-in-law, that universal inmate of the'Hindd hut, .wsb deceived. The - only differentia 'was ihat.-whoreaa thewile had been wdik'and languid, the ghost was brisk and active; ' She'has turned ov4r 11 new leaf ; - so much tho better,' said- the -mother-in-law, nrhen'the errands and the oooking were done in next to .no time. . . But one day the . old woman-caught: eight'of tha -ghost fetching something; from -the npxt.room ghost; fashion, by Btrctohing.qpt a long arm— tor ghosts can 4treton their limbs.. a. great way, .though'not as far aVKakshaaia oan. ,Sha said nnthmir but told her'-ebn,'-'and'th^y watched, and be fore long they saw the kitchen hearth ablaze,' though they knawthero waa no fire in the house.-: . 1 Looking . through :a-ohink -they s&w; jiiat tha^ wife, had .thrnst her foot intothe :iven,. and ..that it wtis burning like a bit of ,vo6d. . '!8lio'a,a-gb'pst,'ithey whispered, as jh'py.^ehttor iho^ojija', who tested her by burning tumetiounder hidr noae'.' .Glie piroved -ier^ho4tsiiip b^ 'screaming, '.and w&e; then .'ioatcn'with Bhppenl 'tiU sho ' confessedand showed .where : the real -wife' was,' and was ?lyainboatdntiUahe; promised sever to dot ha - Umily any further harm;— AU the Yeai Rourui. j 