FACTS AND FANCIES. \--? (Br Ecio). -0- 1'lthin the last week or so 1 was tempted to make a new incursion into literature of the deadly earnest kind. I ,s told to arite a story for the Christmas namber. Oh, of course," said I. Will I rte a local story fall of incidents with mrder upstairs in the house next door? t will spill blood at every street corner, trm this to the Baw Baw mountains, and ire the people such shivers that they will be afraid to pass along the streets at night, Will that do ? Or if you like it better you can have a creepy story-one of those clammy, shroudy, gravey, corp. orev tales, with the devil in it in dasguise, dad only one lihe character in the whole lot. and she guaranteed to be knocked siifand stark in the beginning of the second last chapter. But perhaps you would prefer a realistic ,torvtrue to nature, and to the nine "ee"th century-a fight in a billiard. E room. a mining pocket book, a mid-night bicycle ride, embezzlement, a detectives revolver, wreck on the ocean, volcano in t erption. a cattle ranch in the North West of Canada, and a great success on the English stage, or though last not least the "Rival Editors" of Korum burra. Keep your characters on the moire a even if you have to blow them up to stir them. Thon a sea tale, a sporting tale, an A.N.A. tale, any of them I will knock you f or. So I said in my airy ignorance. Learning that any of the stories men tioned in my catalogue would suit r admirably, I set about writing one of them. There are now some half dozen d thrilling tales in a basket. With the i' local story I got along splendidly at first. I I worked in all kinds of complications, a and gave so many details that you could s asmost recognise the faces of the passers- . by when I and my story went up: the o street- Then the difficulty arose. 1 foresaw that as my characters were E drawn, everybody around would begin to imagine they know who they were. The s landlord of the big " pub" would take an a action against the paper, the.friends of a the hero and heroine might also want to b interview me, or horsewhip the editor, and in all probabily assassinate the poor a innocent office boy, and the wrecking of t the premises, stared me in the face, so I r went on a different track. I made up all my characters so as v a detective could not even suspect that they were Warragul people, and touched op the localities until the oldest inhabitant would not know the ,Varragul in the a s?ory frcm Pekin or Constantinople. s After this the story did not hang together, c and the plot seemed a bhit broken-backed. f It struck me that I'll leave the story there ' until I have done with the "Rival Editors." With the ghost story I fancied that I would succeed better. Spooks have no r personal friends unless .Mr. Stead and a few people in London and elsewhere w~ho didn't pay their subscription to the r WAli.ARUL GuARDoAn and who may consequently be disregarded. One I hasn't so much trouble with ghosts. You r can make them appear and disappear as i: suits the taste of fancy, they are portable .t you do notneed have them to catch trains ,01 need not bother about describing their ?estumes, and you can make ghosts say anything without appearing to be the a insufferable idiot that a mortal would r.k as if he was responsible for the same tialogue. The ghost story would have ten a great success, but I did not finish b it at the one sitting and when I came 0 batk after a week to write the conclusion, 1 could not make out whatever it was all s'hout. . s^t a bit disheartened, I began a tale of resm. In a realistic tale you make all P wonon plain looking, if not ugly, but y tie always have a charm, or expression, p or fcination. The men must be neither E very gcod, nor very bad, but just tae a orinary kind of individuals that you C wead ask to dinner, but wouldn't lend a A frer to. The incidents must of course roat of dao culture, butter making, muddy sitree:. drain pipes. tat collectors ind American bacon and federation, and lovers a.e at all times permissable, but you must p send them out in the rain without p umbrellas, or something like that, just as in real life. Mine got into a wood and made the jarvey who was driving them P set drunk and go home, and then- well, 1 neither they nor I have found the way out ci that wood since. Fifty odd pages ,of this good realistic story with only the a conclusica to be added on, is in the market at a cheap rate. With my sea story I got mixed up about reography and the sailors terms, and I r?st my bearings. I left a ship load of people adrift somewhere, and I never had the heart to go and look for them a:ce. yIv next achievement was in the miitary way, and somehow the armies gt confused with me on the morning of the battle. I didn't know which ought to _in. so the battle has not come off yet. Aiter this I began to loose confidence and I did not write any Christmas story, but d wil for all that. All the same, these scries of mine are very good, and what's I b::etter they are original, and I will find I tailds ta add by way of a finish to my Journalism runs fairly high in that big town of" Blackdiamonds," but to put it rul?lay, the rival editors are into each oiter' wool. They mean, perhaps, to c~?a an agitated public mind. Their systemr must be homceopathic, I will leave iui-islin- altogether out of the question. When a couple of people set to belabor c:e another with cudgels of abuse Iregard it as an amusing "knock- about-perform uces' and care not a straw what party the a-tis: belong to. The " Arizona Kicker." hiach has only existence in the imagina tive hbrain of an American humorist, is oupposed to hold first place for the ridic irus and absurd savagery of attacks on i chimeerical individuals, who dare to mcs its imaginary path. But the Kor.mburra episode would lead the public t. betieve that the editors are not fruends. I do not know for certain that there is ry unpleasantness between them, but this is their business not mine, and just ';ingsu:o mind a story of rivals editors, wh.n the rivals were one and the same Person. T?h~ is how the one editor writes of the lther imaginary editor, for be it under Soi. the one man ran the two papers in th t Same town:---Our contemporary's titor is on abortion, - a poor whimsical s?old, a man without gratitude, decency or consistency, a hypocritical lunatic, herynd reformation, contemptible enegrade, a designing scoundrel, destitute ;f principle, an unprincipled puppy, a crafty lad, a chronic trimmer, a flaunkey !sol, working to feather his own nest, and "s ever guilty of doubled.dyed treachery, a well trained rival of Uriah Heap, beneath tu contempt of honorable men." I will n t try to deny that this is very good for Smasn to write against himself, and .'rcdly leaves his other self-or would-be tna-any advantage either in rocabulary A celebrated bard commences where I ?nd for the present. ,'The heights of Parnasus I storm, To rae a presentable lay; I. ?i?:c-dwdell, where is the harm, I'll send another some day." 