A REAL GHOST STORY AT HAMPTON COURT. At last the reproach of the Psychical Research Sosiety is taken away. It has always been the joke against them that they, who seek perseveringly the speotral ex periences which others jvould only be too pla’d to avoid, never succeed in getting a ghost to take any notioe of them. The mere presenoo in a haunted honee of one of these investigators was enough to lay every thing that ever walked in it; for, as Mr Lang puts it— When the glum Researchers come The brutes ot bodies—go1. ' But at last bettor luck has attended them. In the forthcoming number of “ Borderland” the assistant editress, a lady well known in “psychical ciroles” as Miss X., tells the following talc of a night she lately spent at Hampton Court. It will be soen that the spectre was not only proof against the dis couraging inflnotices of the S.I’.R., but was not oven frightened away by an article on Bimelalism. A tough ghost this :— SLEEPING IN A HAUNTED ROOM. ; I recently found myself the guest of p lady1 occupying a pleasant suite of roams in J Hampton Court Palace. My room was quaintly pretty, but somewhat peculiar in arrangement, and lighted only from the coof. Tho folding doors were lacked ; more over, a heavy table stood against them on the other side, and a wardrobe on the inner. The bedstead was a small one witliour curtains; indeed, V.ie room contained no hangings whatever. The door into the room opened so near to tho head of the bed that there waB room between only for a very small table, upon which I took care to pluoo two long oandles and s plentiful supply of matches, being soman hat addicted to late and early reading. I sat op in bed and gave my best attention to Lord Farr or’s problem, “ Shall we Degrade our Standard of Value ?” in the National Review. 'When I finiehed the article, as the clock otruok half-past ono, I considered myself absolved from further responsibility, and put out my lights, and was asleep before the next quarter Bounded. AWAKED! Nearly three hours later I was suddenly awakened from dreamless slumber by the sound of the opening 'of a door against which some piece of furniture was standing, in, as it seemed, the empty room to my right. I remembered tho eat, and tried to conceive by what kind of *■ rampaging” sho conhl contrive to be so noisy. A minute later there followed a thud, apparently on this side of the folding doors. “A dress fallen in the wardrobe,” was my next thought, and I stretched out my left hand for tho match-box, as a preliminary to in TIIE TOUGH OP A SPECTRAL HAND. I did not reaoli the matches. It seemed to mo that a detaining hand was laid on mine. I withdrew it quickly and gnzod around into the darkness. Some minutes passed in blackness and silence. I had the sensation of a presence in tho room, and finally, mindful of the tradition that a ghost should bo spoken to, I said gontly, “Is anyone there ? Can I do anything for you?” I remembered that the last person who entertained 11 the Ghost ” had said “ Go away, I don’t want you 1” and I hoped that my visitor would admire my better manners and be kind. However, there was no answer—no sonnd of any kind ; and return ing to mjr theory of, tho.. oat, and the fallen j dress, though nevertheless influenced by the recollection of those detaining fingers not to attempt to strike a light, I rose and walked round my bed, keeping the right hand on tho edge of the bedstead, while with my left arm extended I swept the surround ing space. As the room is small I thus fairly woll satisfied myself that it contained nothing uqusual. TIIE APPARITION AND ITS LIGHT. I was, though somewhat perplexed, about to grant myself liesuso to go to sleep again, when in the darkness before mo there begau to glow a soft light. I watched it increase in brightness and in extent. It seemed to radiate from a central point, which gradually took form and became a tall, slight wor.,an, moving slowly across tho room from tho folding doors on my right. As sho passed the foot of my bed I telt a slight vibration in tho spring mattress. At the further corner sho stopped, so that I had time to observe her rr°fi|e and general appearance. Her face wa3 insipidly pretty, that of a woman of from thirty to thirty fivo years of age, her figure slight, her dress of a dark soft material, having a fall skirt and a broad sash or soft waistband tied high up, almost undor the arms, a crossed or draped kerchief over the shoulders, and sleeves which I noticed fitted very tight below the elbow, and hair which was dressed so as not to lio flat to tho head, either in curls or “ bows,” I oonld not toll which. As she appeared to stand between mo and the light I cannot speak with any certainty as to tho color, but tho dress, though dark, was, I think, not black. In spite of all this dcfinitivenoS3, I perceived the figure to be unsubstantial, and I felt guilty ot absurdity in asking once more, “ Will you let me help you ? Can I be of any use to THE GHOST KNEELS A.n’d DISAPPEARS. My voice sounded preternaturally loud, but I felt no surprise at noticing that it produced no effect upon my visitor. Sho stood still for perhaps two minutes, though it is very difficult to estimate timo on such <oeci>Iima, : She ■ then mieed he* hand*, which were long and white, and held them before her 33 she sank upon her knees and slowly buried her face in the palms, in tho attitude of prayor—when quite suddenly the light went out and I was alone in the darkness. I felt that the scene was ended, the cur tain down, and had no hesitation in lighting the candle at my side. I tried to examine the impression the vision conveyed. I feit that it was definitely that of reproaoh, yet of gentle resignation. ; Xh6ro was no force, no passion ; 1 bad soen a meek, sad woman, who had succumbed. I began to turn over in my mind the i illustrious names of former occupants of the chamber. I fixed on one—a bad man of the worst kind, a bad fool of that time of wickedness and folly, the Regonoy—I i thought of the secret passage in the next ; room, and began to weave an elaborate j romance. “ This will not do, here and now,” I ro- ; fleeted, as the clook struck four, and as an aot of mental discipline I returned to my National Review. From Miss X’s descriptions the ghost seems to be an unidentified spectre, at least a century later than the wraiths of Catherine Howard and the other unfortunate Queens of Henry VIII., who havs hitherto been sup posed to be the oily spectral occupants of the : Pslaco. 