$h.Itvirol-ri ESTABLISHED 1554. SAT'URDAT 2nd 11r&'RCII. Ix the 'recent libel case of Morris versus Syme, the question has been started, " \What is an advanced liberal T'-and certainly Mr Morris and even Dr: Maloney very signally failed in their definitions. Mr Morris was hazy, and the "little doctor" was extreme, but both failed in the point which was suggested viz, that Mr Deakin was not an advanced liberal. Now, to our thinking, from a pretty close acquaintance with the hon. member for Essendon's convictions, and some knowledge of the influence of his personality on the politics of the time, Mr Deakin can certainly lay claim to being an advanced liberal if anyone can, and the fact that he should have been opposed -in.-the last two elections by a co~called labour candidate ls-in-uur olnuiur-w eJiame ana a-als grace to the labour party, and argues a gross iiconsistency between their doctrines and their practices. The fact is that this party, or the "stump" politicians who constitute themselves the leaders of it, always show them selves unable or unwilling to compre hand a man who is far sighted enough to see the co- relationship of things politcial. The Almighty has only endowed the bi-etle with the power to see three inches in front of it; it is therefore unaware of the tendencies of the path it pursues; of what use then would it be for the eagle to tell it of the combinations that his eyes take in focussed from his lofty flight. Viewing things as we do from a. totally different standpoint of political principle, we are still able, we hope, to fully appreciate the qualities of a man like Mr Deakin, especially in this that he is true enough to the clear vision which he gains to refuse to adopt the suicidal policy of the destructives who would saw off the end of the branch on which they sit, in order to balance or prune the tree. Regarding society as an organism, which, though in some respects it has grown wrong, has still a vital con nection with its own faulty growths that cannot be disregarded, Brr Deakin would resort to means to develope a better growth instead of killing the creature. in order to cure it of its monstrocities. It is true that this process demands the exercise of the divine attribute of patience, and it is just here that your typical labour demagogue is lacking. To hinm society is not a creature but as machine, lnot a growth but a building, and he does not or will not see that rash readjust ments which . he proposes will work paralysis or death..' It' is this which makes the work of the phlilosophical sodial reformer hard, if not impossible. He is in the position of a doctor teatiing a'patienvbwo,-with elementary knowledge if .human physiology, yet deems himself a better physician than his adviser, anid demands Uitiat h1s shall be cured while he will not obey they prescriptions. The questions remain,' Has society grown wrongly after all?: .Are the. sufferings of civilization not rather 'the growsng pains of:. natural developement' into larger, anrd morp restful life I" .The defects of society sre -due to the materials of which it is compqsed, It is the inherent essences of -humanity that offer the resistances to improve inent, and the advanced liberal, alike with the conservative do-nothing find tlhez resistances meeting them at every turu, THE proposal to mark Rev. iohn Clark's retirement, after an almost life long service, from the pulpit of the Presbyterian Church, Cecil street, by the presentation of a testimonial of respect Jhas been taken up in earnest by every section pf our community. A glance at the constitution of the testimonial committee reveals the names of adherents from all Williams town denominations, and what higher tribute of admiration to a good man's almost completed work could be ravealed anywhere. Rev. John Clark intends rsigning from the ministry, and .his departuip will be keenly felt by those whn, in the hour ileffliction and distress, ,ever failed to partiicpate of his sympathy and ever-ready benevolence. Yes, the poor of Williamstowan will sadly-: piss .h relief that always was obtainable at the presbytery doors. But of the farewell testimonial we are pleased to make known that responses are coming in generously, so that when the hour for presentation arrives its dimenssons promise to assume such proportions as will reflect every credit on those towns men who have vohinteered to supervise collection sheets. TIE annual inspection into the state of the town's jolly goodl health took place on Thursday, when Dr. Johnson and Inspector Barnes were accompanied by the chairman ofcomnittee. Reporters, becanuse of the awk ward habit they possess of detailing plainly what comes under their notice, were tabooed on this occasion. WeV are, however, in a position to state that various microbes, bacteria, butesnaiks and other travelling menageries were, unearthed, and after successful vaccination allowed their freedom on giving a distinct promise to leave the town at once and settle on the Yarra bank. SO3E people were rather startled tile other day at the apparition of a teamof tile Queen's cream colored horses trotting soberly down Queen's Gate, London. They were of course hleing exercised in view of tihe ceremony at the Imperial Institute. Being so seldom occupied in any other work tihan the cans nibalistic one of " eating their heads off," they are inclined to wax fat and kick Tite fore legs of these wonderful steeds are tethered in the stables as they are inclined to be restive, and in order to break them in for the ordeal of a ceremony such as that at the opening of the Imperial institute a military band plays in tihe stables several times previously to accustom them to tihe bilare of brass and tihe rattle of drums. A csLr.eO.Esr from London says :-A ease exciting great interest was hieard on atur day, when a youthi named Tasker, who recently came into a, fortune of £700,000, sued Messrs Strgoteir and Co., the well known Bond street jewellers, for £17,000 on account of jewillery, which lie illeged hIad been bougsht and never delivered. During the exammnation it transpired that the plain tiff had expended no less than £S0,000 in a few weeks in the putrchase of various articles of jewellery. Ttee secretary of the Williamstown Hospital desires to acknowvledce tihe receipt of the following stims dtring tihe month of February, viz:-IRev. D. Rattray, £1 1; Mr D. McLeod pcritr. G. V. lBaker £1 1 Councillor Booker £1 1; Mr U. Bishop. Spottiswoode, !C'1 ; Contribution from in-patient £4; Outpatients £1 Gs Sd; also thie following articles,-Mrs W. Pearson 6 verandah blinds; Mr Coop (Rifle Club Hotel) 1 verandah blind; IMr C. Stewart 1 case of apples; Mr Baxter a quantity of vegetables; A number of newspapers from the Permanient Naval forces per Mr G. V. IBaker ; also magazines and periodicals from Mrs Valence, MIr White, Mrs Captain Watson, Mr A. Harper, Mrs Roberts, Mr Bolton, Mr C. Orr, also newspapers from the Catholic Young Men's Association, Melbourne. The Hospital continues full there being still seven patients in it. The case o0 the boy Graham whose skull was fractured at Newport is a very serious one. TtE T. W. Glover temperanc mission being conducted this week in the Temperance Hall has, owing to the many counter attrac tions, been only moderately attended. The subjects for every evening were vigorously dealt with, and at last night's gathering a small charge was stipulated for the purpose of covering expenses. Tre programme at the Sailor's Rest on Thtursday evening was.-Song, Sweet lMiree, Miss Clark : encore, She wore a wreath of Roses; recitation, Rubenstein and the Piano, Mr Bunn; song, Mnarcuerete, Miss Tyrrell; song, Dadans's baby boy, Mr Tabs; encore, Ting-a-ling: song, Killarney, Miss Mooney: farce, A Ghost in a Pawnshop, by our Newport friends.; song, Far arway where Angela dwell, lr P. ilbbs; song, Why must we say good-bjre, Miss 'Tyrrell; song, Tihe Stormfiend, Mr Ternes; song, The Home Songs, Miss Murray; recitation, Tihe Cork Arm, Mr Bunn; encore. Mr Gubbins C.Y.M.S. will provide next week's concert. ArTEst being connected with the Williamnns town Ladies' Benevolent Society for the past 30.years, Mrs Draper has resigned the position of president, owing to tihe increasing calls of hIome life upon her time and attention. For the same reasons Mrs James Roid has also resigned from the committee, after a connection with the Society's work for 16 years. Both ladies will be sadly missed from the sphere in which their labors of IsM~sne'"I tbo-rati~'hT ~irF-crtreark learned where to readily obtain that relief and sympathy whichl is so much appreciated in a community like W'illiamstovn. CoNTnoL of the -ViTtorian Naval Forces was formally handed over to the new Commandant, Captain Neville on Tuesday. Before tie Retrenchment Commnittee the same day Captain R. Fullarrton gave evidence as to the best tleats of retducing expenditure in the Defence department, though why that gentleman and another should make such a dead set at the Permanent Naval Force passes average comprehension, re membering that during the past the PermanontNay neOerl hai warmer admirers. However, Williamstown has the satisfaction of contemplating tihe return of our fleet to the local - piers but not after tite manner anticipated. "RE1E3ttRNsCuE" Writes to tihe Editor as followsn,-" I hIave in my possession a ltst of the contribution sheets issued for the Crawcour Memorial futnd, and which, after inquiry. I find that not in a single instance Ihave they been returned. The lists were forwarded with the request that they should be returned by the 30th April 1394. I enclose the list which you will see includes four influential local names." Peritaps the holders of lists will bring the matter back to memory, and send in the sheets at once so that the memorial can, as itttended, be erected in the Melbourne General Cemetery. Me Jots DOOtEr, of Parker street. has requested us tSq nake known that he is not the party of that nases who was proceeded against as mentioned in our police court report of las issue. TsE Railways Service band tnembbrs paid their forttightly visit to the Back esclt on Wednesday evening, and discoursed a lengthy programmne of choice selections. The weather was somnwhsat unpropitious, but that did not prevent ftlly two thotsand persons attending and enjoyiSng themselves. Puncs, in this aveek's issue, pictures Premier Ttrner and Commnandex Neville on the Breakawater pier thus.-"'Yes, Mr Premier, you have a fine Itarbor, but where are the ships I am to command! " Ships ? Wihy didn't you knowt We broutht you here to be an ornament to our ballrooms. Ships l Good gracious! Did you expect to eqsps.nld shlips?" IT is astonishing how few business people seem to comppreisend that they may post letters ppto eleven o'lock oa iny of the railway stations at night, and ten o'olock on Snodays thougithe post odfice- closes miuich erlie~ir. -woeld be-wlise iftfis~litle notice was cut out for pasting in the hat. Is the month of April next, not the first by the way, the inhabitants of Williamstosvn grill be enabled to feast their eyes on a new postatice. lYe intend hoisting a brand nesw tig fqr thb occaasqo and hope that at the banquet to the post aster j ani staff tSIe heads of 5he Government will ehfitdi. TutE Case of Constable Fleming against Dr. Honman, a prosecution based upon on alleged breach of the IHealthi Act adminis trated by the Central Board, will he in general recollection : also that the defendant at that time expressed his intention to asppl for a revies of proceedings The period alUoyed for lodging an appeal expired yesterday, and Dr. Nontitas, tltrough Mr J. K. O. Stitht, solicitor, institeted the stgps necessary to obtoit Ra fresh Iheariigg TtEtFootsaray Hrning Club Heaw a race fretIl Macedon on Saturday last; thirteen birds started, and owing to a favorable day the birds put tp a record for the club. The result was-Messrs Anderson andl McCheane's Navigatog and lloasom, 31 tiles 220, in 21 min. 43 sec. average veoidy 2127 yards pe mistute, Ist: Mr A. H. Finiefts lmswo Pleb, antd Elmaswtood Cotttet (11857 'id; Mr J. Cttming's Quickolght and Moss Boss, attil the Gem (1837)3rd. 'IThe other lofts represented were Messrs GoudielISl7) and Tate. Their text race is frost iunyip on March 9th1. "NsLsoN Pe..Lc,B' wtio has forgotten to append Itis ttine. suggests in a ntgthly Icticr tS pt tSie Harbor Trust shdold cover over tse optt drain across the itudliat, nser the Gem pier, tnd then remove the presont delapidated ftroe, We think it sotld be far better for tie C'ouncil to take over the gsrountd as the frttst sutgests on a pepper cortt rental, feates or plant it, and rely upon ats income fmst ttavelling snhows to maintain it The proprietor of tSie team merry-gg-round has been payinc a sood i-ntalof 02 ner week, and Ste same might be exacted from circuses and other travelling I rhowewwhich periodicaliy visit the town. Ox Saturday afternoon last a number of little people assembled at the residence of Mr McGregor, Dover Road, and partici pated in the delights of conducting a bazaar in aid of the Williamstown Hospital. Under the supervision of the little Misses McGreeor, Urwin, and Master P. Wyatt, the requirements of patrons were speedily settled, with the result that ten shillings is now available towards the institute funds. Well done children; youl have set your elders another good exastnple. AourT 4 o'clock on Thursday morning an alarm was given from one of the fire boxes in Nelson Place, but on the brigade reaching the -pot in a few minutes it was found that though the recording dial had moved the disc glass was unbroken. During the day an officer from tile head station.made a minute inspection of the instrument, thoughl without discovering the cause of its singular conlduct. GUNNER AtLFRED RICirtRDSnoS, who met witllh such severe injuries by being blown from a gun at the Illilitary tattoo, has so recovered as to.be able to leave his house of a day for walking exercise. His friends will be pleased to learn thlat despite Ihis terrible experienco his face, which cau1ht the full force of tile explosion. now bears but the faintest trace of burning ani that his features have escaped disfigurement. RESIDENTs of Newport who Ihave been in the hablit of bathling about dusk in the river near the steam-ferry. might take warning by a case Iheard at the Williamstown Court on Tuesday when a rrspectalle resident was fined 10s for doing what ihe tlhoueht was within the law. The chairman of the benchi desired it made public that nowhere about tihe piers, foreshiore, or Newport wharves is it permissible even to indulge in a swim if tihe bathler be fully clothed or not. 