..4 ' . '. ?? Intercolonial Boat Race; THE CREWS ENTERTAINED. SOME OUTSPOKEN SPEECHES. THE DEFINITION OF ' AMATEUR.' ASSOCIATION'S ACTION CONDEMNED. BRISBANE, Tuesday.— The Now South Wales eight-oar crew leave to morrow with j some of the Victorian representatives. A. few ! remain till the end of tHe week. This morn- j ing both crews were the guests of Mr. George \ Adams, at Tattersall's consultation drawing. The picnic given to the. three crews was a great success. The Attorney-General and Mr. .A. J. Callan, M.L.A., were tut! uoscs, ana civir. xozer ^voumuu Secretary), Mr. Mathieson (Chief Railway Commissioner), and many leading gentlemen were among the guests. In proposing the health of the visiting crews, the Attorney General spoke in words of a hearty welcome, and after referring to the manner in which the Queenslanders accepted their defeat, and to the presence of Mr. G. Upward, who stood at the head of Australian amateur rowing, Mr. Byrnes followed, and be congratulated the winners most heartily, but he thought that, although Victoria had won the race, great honor was due to the New South Wales crew (applause), and he would tell them whv. On two occasions on which. New South Wales had come to compete in Queensland waters their critical friends had always told the public, before the race came off, that the crews from New South Wales had not a- ghost of a show. On the present occa sion, had not the attitude been taken up by Mr. Quist and loyal support given him by the crew, N.^.W. would not have taken part in the race. (Loud applause.) And if . N.S.W. crew had withdrawn at the last moment, as they were ordered to . do by their association, it would have been one of the greatest blows rowing1 ever received in Australia. He believed it would have been the death blow to inter-Australian contests. Therefore all honor to Mr. Quist and his crew for their judgment in having arrived at the conclusion they did, and carrying out their decision to row. (Applause.) He did not think there was anything at all in the point raised by the N.S.W. Rowing Association. The gentleman in question came to Queens land, defined by Victoria as an amateur and Mr. Quist aLd his crew did the proper thing in treating him a3 an amateur. Nobody wished more strongly than he (the speaker) to pie serve to the sport its amateur character. When sporfc assumed a professional character, it began to gc on a downward grade ; but what was professionalism P He looked with great concern on the arbitrary definitions of professionalism beinjv introduced into rowing. He considered . that a pro fessional was a man who applied his skill for professional purposes. So far as Australia was concerded they ought to try and agree upon some definition that would cover the whole country. Mr. 'Quist, in respondinz I on behalf of N.S.W., said he never thought for one moment that his association wou?d take up the stand it did. The Victorian crew had been formed long before the N.S.W. crew lefu Sidney, aud if the Association wanted to take exception to any- man in the Victorian crew they should have done so before the crew left Melbourne. (Applause.) There wag no approved code of rule3 governing amateurism and professionalism in connection with inter Australian eight-oar races, though a code had been drafted. They were, therefore, obliged to fall back on the rule observed in New Kouth Wales — to recognise ae amateurs men who were regarded as such in their own colony. That was ti:e basis on which he founded ^his claim to compete. No doubt his association would censure him, but he considered that he would have acted in an 'unsportsmanlike manner had he withdrawn his crew from the race. In what he did he had been supported by his crew and particularly by Messrs. Pearson and M'Donald. As to the race it was the finest he ha.d ever seen. It was rowed over the beat course in Australia. (Applause). Mr. Up ward supported the remarks of Messrs,. Byrnes and Quist. Subsequently the Hon. E. B. Forrest endorsed every word ottered by Mr. Jiyrues in regard to the action of the New South Wales Association. 