KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XV.—(Continued.) Sir Peter took the medicine submissively from Miss Herncastle's hand. Captain O'Donnell watched every movement, and followed with his eyes the stately figure out of the room. She closed the door after her, and they were quite alone. " This is a very strange—a very remarkable occurence, Sir Peter," he began. The talk is, that you saw a ghost. Now, I thought ghosts were exploded ideas? Will you pardon me if I think so still ?" '' I wish to Heaven I could,'' Sir Peter groaned. The afternoon sunshine was pouring into the room; his nerves had recovered their tone, and he had a companion. He would talk sufficiently calmly now of the apparition. ''Unfortunately for me, it admits of no doubt. As plainly as I see you sitting here beside me, I saw Katherine Dangerfield last night. I saw her face plainly— plainly in the light, of the moon ; the night was clear as day. Saw her as I have seen her a hundred times here, in Scars- wood." " And she vanished when you looked at her ?" " I don't know when she vanished. My horse saw her as well as I ; Wilson will tell you he found him trembling all over with terror when he came up. He threw me— I fell and fainted. I remember no more until I opened my eyes here in this room and——" He stopped, and cast a look of nervous dread at the door. " And you thought you saw the ghost a second time. You mistook Miss Herncastle for your dead relative ; she wasn't a relative, but you know what I mean. She is very like her is she not ?'' " Awfully, frightfully like her," the baronet an- swered, in a trembling tone. " O'Donnell, I tell a you I'm afraid of that woman—I don't know why, but I am. Perhaps because of her resemblance to Katherine ; perhaps—I tell ycu, I don't know why, but her eyes, her face, her voice, frighten me. They are so like—so like.'' " And yet you persist in having her with you in your room." " Yes ; and I can't tell you why, there, either. She frightens me, and she fascinates me. Why did she ever come here? Who is she ? How dare she come to be so horribly like that dead girl ?'' ''How, indeed!'' Captain O'Donnell answered. ''Sir Peter, I have a great curiosity concerning this Katherine Dangerfield. Have you any picture of her ? I would give a good deal to see one.'' ''Yes, I have',' the sick man said said. '' Do you see that escritoire over there ? Open that— the key is in it ; open the third drawer to the left, and you will find a photograph of Katherine Dan- gerfield, taken a month before she died. You will see the wonderful likeness at once." Redmond O'Donnell obeyed. He unlocked the escritoire, opened the drawer, and produced a pic- ture wrapped in silver paper. It was a photograph, soft and clear as an engraving, and beautifully tinted. The chasseur took it to the window, and gazed upon it long and earnestly. The story of Catherine Dangerfield had been told him in brief by different people at different times, and its pathos had touched him deeply. Her only fault had been that she had loved ''not wisely, but too well,'' had trusted- too implicitly, and had believed the man she loved, and was ready to endow with her fortune, as generous and faith- ful as herself. All had been torn from her in one bitter hour — all; and Death, the only friend who had been true, came to her aid. And now he held her picture, taken during the happiest period of her life, the month before her marriage. And, as Sir Peter had said, the first thing that had struck him was the strong resemblance to Miss Herncastle. No one conld fail to look upon the two and net exclaim, ''How like !'' Only at first glance, though ; the more you looked, the more this first, striking similarity seemed to fade. It was like, but could never have been taken for the por- trait of my lady's mysterious governess. He sat down and deliberately analysed the features one by one — the points of resemblance. He began at the beginning. First the hair, this pictured hair, was brown — pale chestnut brown, without a tinge of red -or yellow ; that is if the tinting had been true to nature. It rippled over neck and shoulders anddown to the slim girl's waist, a bright, feathery cloud. Miss Hernccastle's hair was jet black, straight as an Indian's, and twisted in great shining coils about her head. The brow in the picture was broad, open, intelligent. Miss Herncastle's hair was worn crepe down to her straight black brows. The pictured eyes laughed up at you from the card ; the eyes of the governess were grave, sombre, smileless. The nose was the same— the same precisely — neither straight nor yet retrousse, not classic, and not snub. The mouth was handsome — the handsomest feature of all — square- cut at the corners, sweet, strong, like the eyes, smiling, and with bright, resolute lips. The shape of Miss Herncastle's was the same, the expression entirely different. All the hard lines, the rigid compression, the grave resolution of the living mouth, were wanting in the pictured one. The chin was like — a curved chin--a square, determined mouth, the throat was graceful and girlish, the shoulder sloping — the waist, long and slender; Miss Herncastle's proportions were those of what men call a ''fine woman.'' The moments passed; in the sick room all was very still. The buzzing of the big blue flies on the pane, the restless tossing of the invalid, the chirp and rustle of summer life without, all were plainly audible. Had Captain O'Donnell fallen asleep over the picture ? Peter broke out at last, impatiently : ''Well, O'Donnell, are you dreaming there ? What do you think of the picture ? Did you ever see such a likeness? It might be Miss Herncastle's portrait, might it not ?'' O'Donnell rose, up and returned to his place by the bedside, picture in hand. ''No;'' he said, with slow, thoughtful gravity, ''never Miss Herncastle's picture ; there is not one expression of this face like any she ever wears. Shall I tell you, Sir Peter, what it is like ?'' ''Of course; for what other reason have I shown it to you?" ''Then, here's my opinion : If Katherfne Dangerfield, instead of dying and being buried yonder in Castleford cemetery, had lived, and vowed vengeance for her wrongs, and came back here to wreak that vengeance, this pictured face would look now as Miss Herncastle's does.'' Sir Peter half raised himself, alarmed, excited. ''What do you mean?' he asked. 'This: This photographed face is full of latent power, undeveloped, unsuspected---to be used, as circumstances turn, for good or evil.. If Katherine Dangerfield had lived, and her life had been a happy one, she would have been one of the best, the bravest, the most womanly of women---a model wife, an excellent mother, a noble matron. If she had lived, wronged embittered as her life was, I believe, Sir Peter, there is no evil, no depth scarcely to which she would not be capable of sinking to gratify her revenge. It is the face who might have been a dangerous woman. This face looks a little, a very little, like Miss Herncastle. If she had not died, I should feel certain Miss Herncastle and Katherine Dangerfield were one can the same." There was a blank pa use, Sir Peter lay back among his pillows, terrified, helpless. The chasseur's face was full of dark, grave thought. "Good heaven's, O'Donnell!" Sir Peter gasped, at length. "What do you mean ?" ''I hardly know — yet. I feel like a man groping in the dark. Sir Peter, there can be no doubt — it is absurd of me to suppose such a thing — there can be no doubt Katherine Dangerfield did die?'' ''No doubt ?'' cried Sir Peter, shocked beyond all expression. ''Of course there was no doubt. Good heavens above, O'Donnell, I — I never heard of such a thing. Dead ! Why, certainly she's dead — dead and buried six years ago. You can see her grave any day, for that matter, in Castleford cemetery.'' '' Ah ! no doubt. Did I not say it was a most absurd supposition on my part? Of course she's dead, as you say. You saw her dead, no doubt ?'' ''Saw her dead ?'' the baronet repeated, with a shudder ; ''I only wish I had not. I saw her dead — cold, and white, and still — I see her so every day of my life; and Talbot saw her — ask Talbot — he was oue of the men who saw her laid in her coffin and in her grave. Dead ! Yes, she's dead — dead — dead. Poor little Kathie !'' His voice choked; he turned away and covered his face with his hands. His nerves were all unstrung ; he was weak and ailing, frightened and lonely, his very life was fast becoming a torture to him, and he broke down. O'Donnell looked at him in surprise. ''You were fond of your cousin, then — I mean of this unhappy young lady ? Why, I thought ----'' ''You thought right,'' the little baronet cried, passionately, ''I was not fond of her. I was a brute, a villain, a cowardly wretch. I insulted her — brutally, I tell you, and she----'' His eyes dilated, his face grew ashen white. ''I see her still, O'Donnell,'' he whispered, huskily, ''as she stood before me then — like death, like snow, frozen and white, swearing that oath of vengeance: ''Living, I will pursue you to the ends of the earth. Dead, I will come from the grave and haunt you.'' She swore it, and she was one, living or dead, to keep her word. What I saw last night has not been the living; and she will come to me from her shroud and coffin again and again, until I go raving mad at last.'' His voice rose almost to a shriek of passion and fear. The last remnant of the man's courage died out of the miserable little wretch's body, and he burst out into a tempest of womanish sobs and tears. O'Donnell sat silent, watching him — pity, con- tempt, disgust, all in his grave, silent face. He made no attempt to console or soothe this stricken sinner ; most of all that was soft and tender in his nature had died a natural death years ago. He aat grimly enough, now, waiting for a lull in the storm. It came, Even Sir Peter Dangerfield had manliness enough left to be ashamed of crying like a whipped schoolboy. ''I — I can't help it, O'Donnell,'' he said, piteously. '' If you only knew what I have gone through since that time, what I have suffered, what I still suffer, you would feel for me. Katherine Dangerfield is dead, and I saw her spirit last night, as I'll see it again and again, until I, too, go mad or die.'' ''We have an old adage in our country,'' O'Don nell said curtly, ''that sorrow is soon enough when it comes. ''Now, for my part, I don't believe in ghostly visitations of any kind, in common with most people ; but that is a point we won't argue. You believe you saw a ghost last night. Now, Sir Peter, is it not barely possible that Miss Herncastle may be a somnambulist, and that all unconsciously she got out of bed, en sac de nuit, and that it was her you saw under the King's Oak ?'' But Sir Peter shook his head. '' No,'' he said. ''Some one asked that very question — the earl I think it was —and Miss Hern- castle replied that she had never walked in her sleep in her life — that she had gone to her room at half-past ten. And it wasn't Miss Herncastle— it was no resemblance this time — it was Katherine Dangerfield.'' (To be continued.} 