ADELAIDE: MONDAY, October 14, 1895. THIS LAW REFORM BILL. ——o—— From the days of Chaucer and his Man of Lawes to the present time lawyers have been almost universally made the subject of references by no means complimentary to their moral character. We know that cant is contagious, and that there is but too much truth in the adage that if you give a dog a bad name it will stick to him. Falataff boasted or complained —for the moment we forget which, but i% nutters little — that he was not so much witty in himself as the cause of wifc in others. In like manner gentlemen of tbe long robe have been persistently made the subject of the witticisms of numberless jesters— certainly not noted for their charitable ness. Even a genius like the author of ' The Devil's Walk' could go the lei.gth of humouring the popular temper by saying of the historic character whose peregri nations he was describing — He aaw a lawyer killing a viper On a dunghill hard by his ova stable: Aad tbe devil smiled, for it put hist ia miad Of Cain and hi* brother Abel. With more kindly, humour, the humour that is so effective because it is blended with charity, did Diokeos— to pass from the persons to the institutions— deal with the abuses of th» law in ' Bleak House.' Tne famous novelist fastened, if be did not cause, the reform of the old Chanoery procedure. Had he forgotten tbe charities and stooped to roviling a profession whose members, taking the average of them, hare been guidea by a standard of honour as high at least as that to which the followers of other avocations refer their actions, he would have done less good to tbe cause he was endeavouring to help. As the tendency to condemn indis- criminately those engaged in the praotice of the law is noticeable among not a few members of tbe House of Assembly, there is some little danger that the product of Mr. Kingston's new-born anxiety for cheap litigation — the Law Reform Bill— may not be tes ed on its merits. In other words, the prejudice against the profession m»y prevent certain legislators from dealing with the measure iu the judioial manner which the importance of the issues raised in it demands. We recognise the fact that there is abundantscopo for simplify ing and cheapening the processes of tbe Courts, aud we are prepared to welcome any Ixma-fide attempt from any source, however open to suspicion it may be, having this beneficial object clearly iu view. We recognise, too, that there aro highly meritorious features in the scheme now prosented, but every provision should be carefully weighed, so as to guard against the risk of creating perhaps worae eviU than those which it is ostensibly sought to cure. It would clearly be against the best interests of the couutry for Parliament to allow its judgment to be unduly biased by preconceptions whioh may or may not be justi fied. The class spirit is being in tensified in too many directions by the vapourings of official mounte bank* ; b it there is a sense of fairness in the people, which, when appealed to, ofteu chccltmites the efforts of those who try to tickle the ears of the ground lings by offering them measures mis nainudlibera1. Without attempting to deal with all tho details of the Bill which have already been described in our news columns there aro some point* to which we think it wise to draw special attention by way of oriticism. Obvicnaly three of the vital questions which cl«im at ention are these- : — Will the provisions of the tneuauro iocruaso the proficiency and consequent usefulness of lawyers? Will they muke jus ice cheupur .' And wil they maintain tho liberty of tbe subject ? On tho first point there is much room fur doubt. For the future no candidate for admission as a uolicitor is to be required to pass a preliminary dxamination, to take any degree or attend any lectures at tbe University, submit to any examina tion iu any dead or foreign language, or serve uuder articles of cUrkship for more Chan two years. It in a curious commen tary upon this at enipt to lower tho Bompulsory standard, and leave the sx pensive process of tho aurriral of the uttost to advertise competency, that our American cousins are com plaining of the comparative frequency of lnirsuits owing to the abundance of quacks turned out under a similar system, and that in 1U'.)1, in the interests of the public, tbe standard waa raised in England. A well-informed writer re cently oondemned the American curri culum of legal education as being utterly inadequate. It is coudemned on tbe ground that it affords no suffi cient protection to the public against professional impostors, and has led to the encouragement rather than to the diminution, of litigation. In England the committee appointed in 1890 by the Benohers of the Four Inne of Court to dome a better system of legal education, recommended not only that attendance at 1-ctures should be enforced, but that the professors should be assisted by a staff of readers anal tutors to ensure soma approximation to competency in the gentlemen entitled to practise. It will of course be argued that this is tbe recommendation of lawyers, and therefore to be viewed with distrust, but it would be a mistake to dismiss lightly the results of the teachings of experience in the old country, where the current of law reform has for years been running freely and strongly. The Bill under consideration, by its proposals for lowering the teat, will tend to reduce towards the possible minimum the value of the certificate of qualifi cation, and leave the public to buy, it maybe very dearly, their knowledge of tha relative capacities of practitioners. There is at least a danger of our having under the suggested order of things a new reading of the proverb that a man who is his own lawyer has a fool for his client. The provisions which deal with pro cedure and judicial references will also require careful treatment. No one can be more strenuously opposed than we are to pure technicalities in legal procedure, but it is clearly a mistake to imagine that order and method have not their uses in Courts, or that insistence on rules the operation of which in an individual com may appear harsh may not in the end best serve the interests of economy aad expedition. Looseaess of procedure is always dangerous. If Judges insist that facts must be proved in a certain way it is to diminish in tbe average of cases the likelihood of blunders being made. Clause 14 is ono which will naturally prove attrac tive to lav men. It aims at expedition, and insists upon judgment being pro nounced ' without unnecessary delay and according to the substantial merits of the case, without regard to technicali ties or questions of form, practice, or procedure.' Jarndyce v. Jarndyca as a precedent is assuredly not quite obso lete as yet. We have had oases here— asche Attorney-General has special reason to know, for has he not been concerned in some of them ?— that, to tho dism -y of the publis and suitors, and the more than edification of the Bench and Bar, bave dragged their slow length aloug for months and even years. The lay con science, too, has been at times shocked by the hopes and apparent merits of liti gants being overwhelmed by the inter position of a point of. praotice or of a technical objection held to be fatal. At the same time it ia only fair to re member that probably 75 per cent, of CJQtemplated actions are stopped by the advice of lawyers— advice which can be tendered with some degree of cer tainty while law itself is fairly certain, and does not depend on the feel ings, perhaps thd prejudices — con- scientious feelings and prejudices, no djubt— of the Judges. The equity ind good-conscience clause of the Local Courts Act of 186 1 was, we believe, made less wide when re-enacted in 1836, to diminish tbe element oi chance and render justice less dependent upon the temperament of the occupants of the Bench. But whatever doubt may exist as to the expediency or otherwi-e of loav iug an unlimited discretion to tho Bench, there can be none as to the in justice of thd attempt made by section 20 to deprive persons of their undoubted right to audience through lo^al reprosun tativoe. t'hia is a right that has grown up al-iwly, that was admitted with ro luctance by the Crown, and which it ill becomes a Government arro gating to itself the titlo of Demo cratio to endeavour to dony to any 6uitor. Tbeclauso referred to states that no solicitor or third person shall be allowed to appoar before a Court enquiring into any qncstion under tho Laud* Clauses Consolidation Act or tho Succes-ion Duties Act. Here we have legislation as the outcome of a few cases in which proceedings wero protracted to what undoubtedly wore undue lougths. In one of these at least it is a quustiou whether tho Crown or the other side was chiefly responsible for the delay, but theoUuse is boedou tho assumption that the Government were faultless, as its effect will certainly be in many instances to unfairly handicap the private suitor in favour of the Crown. It will givo the latter, whose representative, if not a professional in roality, will bocome a fairly good expert through familiarity with the Courts in tiiusu enquiries, a great ad vantago over its opponent, who in oon tests under the Lands Clauses Coiidoli dation Aot imy sometime* be a farmer more noted for the pwiur rutlictu thuu versed iu the art of putting a case clearly to a Court. As to the 'Judicial Reference*,' how evor alluring thoy may ba, the Attorney - Geaeral caunot seriously consider tint much good will come 0! them. They imply an agreement as to the facto between men whose relations aro pre sumably severely utraiued ; and they will necessitate an amount of leisure on tho pa t of tho J udgea for tho investiga tion of ca-.es irreipoctivo --f the light thrown on them by opposing arguments, waich, if the reforonco should beoume popular, they are not likely to be nblo to comma id. Fart IV., which is iutimdod to giro assurance of relie' against heavy law charges, proceeds to manifestly unfair lengths in its inter/erenca with individual rights. It provides that for the future a!l costs are to be taxod. A solicitor is not men to be able to make a binding agree ment with his client as to the fee he is to charge for. services. Ho matter how clearly established may be his superior capacity and merit ; no matter through what years of study and hard work he may havo reached bis present eminonco, he must nave nu value appraised by tne rating Master and submit to being au exceptiou to the rule that tho laborer is worthy of his hire. A fee may be reduced by taxa tion within twelve months, even nuvuld it have been already paid to ountel it may be under a special agreement into which tbe client was oolv too willing to enter. On what grounds of reason or expediency can this extraordinary inter ference? with pri'ate rights and reflection oc the character of every member of an honourable profession be justified ? === The Late Mr. Charles Day.— The news publiahed elsewhere of the death in London of Mr. Charles D.iy, will cau6u a painful shock to a large circle of per sonal friends of the deceased aa wall as to very many othors in South Australia to whom his name was familiar. In com mercial circles in the city few men were better known or more respected, and his long connection with the Ktgis'tr aud its allied newspapers brought him into more or less dose contact with all classes of the community in town and oountry. His personal history is chiefly note worthy as that of one who devoted' himself in a quiet, unos ontatious, and conscientious way to the dis charge of tho ordinary duties of life. Entering some forty years ago tho 6ervicd of the then proprietors of this journal he* established a olaim upon ihair confidence by his steady and cheerful application to the work ho bad to do. Step by step h« rose in the department with which he was atsociated until, ou the death of Mr. E. W. Andrews in 1677 ho with the present proprietors, was taken iuto part, nership. The same honesty of purpose, the same d»se attention to d»ty, tha same comidera'ion for the wcllbeing of. others which had characterized him aa an employe* governed his actions as an emp'oyer, and when, after having sesured a competency, he somo five yean ago retired from the firm he carried with him the respect of his partners and the general goodwill of the staff. A man of keen business instincts ho yet never swerved from the strict path of integrity, and while rigidly just in his dealings bis conduct towards those with *hom he was brought in contact bore testimony to the kindliness of his disposition. Although makitig no parade of liberality he was ever ready to render judicious help in the way of friendly coansel as well as of more tangible aid to thosa -really iu need. He had little ambition to serve his fellows in any publio capacity, but in an unpretending way he did good ser- ' vice to his fellows as he fouud oppor tunity. In Church matters as well as in secular affairs he was thus able to render assistance which was highly appreciated. His sound common- sense, bis excellent judgment, his special business apticude, arhich was readily made available for the furtherance of the interests of others as well as of himself, and, above all, his v genuine kindness ot heart, will make his loss deeply felt. Although it was in - Tho common round, the daily task, 'C that he ohiofly made his inflience felt,. aud although his nsmo will b» asso.' dated with no great public mea sure or publio movement he will be more missed than many another whosn disappearance from the scene of human activity has produced for the tima a much more startling impression. Ha was, in brief, a just nun, and one who feared God and hated inequity. There is much pathos in tho fact that his death shwuld have taken placo far from the colony in which he laboured for so long, and to which he was so deeply attached. === VICEREGAL. — On Saturday morning His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor visited tbe Zoological Gardens, accompanied by H.S.H. the Duo di Abruzzi and Lieutenant Cagni, Aide-de-Camp to the Prince, Mr. Winddeyer, associate to his father Sir William Windeyer, Judge of New £ouih Wale*, and Major H. B. Taylor, Aide-doCninp to His Exjellbncy. The ptrty wero eicurtbd through tha Gordons by Mr. M uchin, tho Director, and afterwards were eliown through the Botamo Gardens by Mr. Hoitzo, tbe Curator. Tueltaliiin Prince subsequent!) returned to tbe ?teamer, travelling in the viceregal carriage to the Tort. On Saturday afternoon His Excellency attended tbe Cricketing Aesocia* tion sports, aad in tho evening had the pleasure of hearing Mark Twain at the Theatre lioyal. To- night tie Lieutenant* Governor will attend Murk Twain'* second 'At Home.' To- morrow he prujidt-s at tbe Full Court. On Wednesday ho will attend tbe meeting of the Executive Council, and afterwards sit in tbe Local Court. On Friday he will attend the meeting of ttie Governors of tho Public Library, Mu'euin, and Art Gallery. Ncxc Saturday afiernxia lii» Excel, lonoy will (;ive a garden partv, which will bo doubt tw largely attended, as it will be tht last function of tbe kind at Government House during tba Lieutenant ? Governor 'a oooupanoy of tha Ttceroftal offioe. In tbe evening Ui-- £s.oe!!enoy, as (irand Master of ihtiGraod Lud^uof Freoioasone of South Aus tralia, will tusad tbe ceremony of the in stallatiou of Mr. Fred )obnu, as Matter of tbo Commercial Lodge. . ; ixcoiiiNr, Mail Stumer.— The Orient, stoauer C'izuo, from Colombo, arrived . at Albany at U.35 on Saturday night, and iefa for Largs Bay at 11.30. . THE MAIL STEAMERS.— The German mail steamer Darmstads, of the N.D.L. Line, arrived at the Semapbore from Bremen as about 10.45 on Saturday morning, having made a good run from Cape Borde, where she waa reported as pasting inwards at 2.15 in the morning. Pratique was at uncn granted by Dr. Toll, aud work in connection with the teaml was bi-gun, so as to get ber away to Melbaurno tbe eamo day. Tbo Daruittada bad a lair paieeogor-lisl. Among returning colon ijtd wai Mr. Oaterioay-r, ol U«uruioyer, Detrtz, &. Co., who bae bean talaug a four month*' holiday. Mr. O-t.-riurycr viutod various iurU of tbe Ouotiti'-nl, but as tba trip was no» undertaken u-iib m.y idea of indulging iu business be bad uotbmg to com* niimicato ou trade matters. Captain Winekler, who is to take comoaud of t'uo German oruieor liuzzird, stationed on the Australian cotet, was uUd a pa-9eii-or by thu L-^rtn*tadt. Ho Huooumi* Captain Schocu-r. Tha barm, stttdt bvJ ;ioD mas ol cargo for this port, and this *as put out in titno for her to take ber departure a^aiu on Saturday. Ttiiu looroing lh» Gera, of the German line, will rench the 3~ni»phort- from enstsrn colon iev and the Orotava, also hamsward-bouad, will likewise arrive. LORD BRASSEY.—In other columns will be found an inttreitiag account of the voyage ' oi Lord and Lady Br&irvy; in tbe yacht Sunbeam itvJi 1'omnaoiuh to Alb»ny. ll will bo seen ttiat their ExcclleuoirB have had come exceedingly stormy experiences on tbe way out, dirt that Lord hratjoy'* xpUndid nautiukl triiuinc Las again been severely tested. His Excellency the Lieutenant- Govcrno.-iiH* roo-ived a mes-ej;c from Albany s'.aiiog that thtt Sunber.ni may be expected to reac:i Lire* URy en Mond»y uuxt, and that Lord and Lady Brassey intend to stay over one night in Adelaide. MINISTERS ON THE WARSHIP.—On Saturday mori-iuB' the Premier anil Chief Secretary vikit-.Hl th«* lt:-li.*.n wcrcbip Crittofon Colombo at Pore Adelaide. AUSTRALIAN BUTTER IN LONDON.— Messrs. McIlwraith, McEacbarn, & Co. have received advice by cable from their London house that best Australian factory butter is at present worth I20s. per cwt. at London, and that pricss are likely to improve. ARRIVAL OF MARK TWAIN.— A considerable crowd of people assemb!ed at the Adelaide terminus a Saturday morning waiting to wek*o;n» M.rk Twain, who w/u ex|K-ciL-dby the Mnlbvurno express, b:.t Mr. Clemens, with Mrj. aud Mite CiL-men*. Mr. C A, Murphy (tiio American Cuusul), and Mr. K. Si. 4my;he drove down in a carriage frum Aldgate—a very good idea, ts it aE-jrd-d the visitors an agreeable chauce from tb*» railway journey. Tha drive through tba pruttiess scenery in tba hills in the cool morning ait was very muoh appreciated. The distin- guished visitors were met at the South Aus- tralian Hotel by the Hon. J. G. Jenkins (Commissioner ot I'ublio Works), a fellow countrymen, and Mrs. C. A. Murpbr. Mark Twain managsd to rmaggle bis obrri'htd car. bunds p*tt tbe lynx-»y»J C^tom-houte uthecs a: ths Border, and be nayi i: lets him know it. An interview with the unique humorist appears in another column. MR. A. A. ZIMMERMAN.— Mr. Zimmer- mann and party leave by the express this afternoon for Melbourne. On arrival he will be received by an influential committee and taken to tbe Town Hall, where the Acting Governor will accord him a public reception. He returns to Adelaide on Thurs- day to continue his training preparation, and races on the Exhibition Oval on the 26th. On November 9 and 11 be will take part in con- tests in Brisbase. PUBLIC SALARIES BILL.—The Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin has given notice of tbe following new clauses which he desires to add to this Bill:-.' In the case of the President of the Legislative Council, the Speaker and Chair- man of Committees of the Home of Assem- bly, Ministers of the Crown, and members of both brimohej of the Legislature the rates of reduction mentioned in clause 2 shall be with* out exemption of the tirss £160.' THE GLENELG MAYORALTY.— At the meet- ing of the Glenelg Corporation on Friday evening the Mayor (Mr. K. Smith) said it was the unanimous wish of the Couucil, and, he believed, of the ratepayers generally, that Councillor Soward should allow himself to be nominated for the position of Mayor for the ensuing year. Be had had a splendid train- ing for such a high position, and judging from the capable way in which had performed the duties attached to the office of Councillor! he tronld occupy the position with credit. Al the Councillors nrged Mr. Soward to comply with their request, in reply Councillor Soward : stated that li* had given the matter seriouecon* siderarion, and he looked upon such a request as the greatest compliment that could be paid him. He had been amongst them for several years now, but bad never sought to be nomi* nated for web a position. In taking tbo ch«» vacated by the present Mayor (Mr. R. Smith) be would have a most difficult task to perform. After serious consideration be bad come to the conclusion that be could occupy the position only as a business man. Out* tide pressure had been brought to bear on him, and in face of this he thought it was not his dnty to refuse to comply with the wubtts expressed. He would cheor folly occupy ' the position merely on buiincss lines, but be would certainly like to know 6rst whether the ratepayers in these oircumsunces approved. MARK TWAIN AT HOME.— Very much at home was Mark Twain, the world-famed humorist— who is unique inasmuoh as he never laughs at his own jokes—in the presence of an overflowing audience in the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. He had an over- whelming reception, and kept the people em- ployed laughing for two hours at the droll things he said with a castiron countenance and a strong over- the- Atlantic twang. He gives an entirely fresh lecture tonight. ENTERPRISING ADELAIDE MERCHANTS.— Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs :— "Mr. George Willcox, an Adelaide merchant, has obtained a valuable block of land in Young- street, near the Circular Quay, on which he intends to build large premises for the wool and skin business now carried on by Messrs. George Willcox & Co. Plans are drawn by Mr. Anderson, of this city." THE RETURN OF ARCHDEACON FARR. -By a telegram from Sydney news has been re- ceived of the arrival in that city of Arch- deacon and Mrs. Farr on their homeward voyage from a visit to the head-quarters of the Melanesian Mission at Norfolk Island. The intelligence will be the source of general satisfaction to Mr. Farr's parishioners of St. Luke's. There are probably few who at the advanced age of the Archdeacon and Mrs. Farr would have undertaken a journey so far from home as Norfolk Island, but both have always had a special interest in the Melanesian Mission. Bishop Patteson, who won the crown of martyrdom, was a con- nection, and on the occasion of his visit to South Australia made the Archdeacon's house his home, when the latter was Head- master of St. Peter's College, in whose beauti- ful chapel there is a memorial window to the martyred Bishop, the initiation of which was due to Dr. Farr, and mainly contributed to by him, his family and connections, and other friends who were regular members of the congregation. For many years during Dr. Farr's Headmastership St. Peter's College and congregation maintained a scholar at the Melanesian Mission. Miss Farr, the elder of the Archdeacon's now remaining un- married daughters, who accompanied her parents to the mission, is remaining behind for a couple of months. During her visit that lady has been doing useful work amongst the "Norfolkers," as they are designated, who form a separate community from the Mission. They are in fact the Pitcairn Islanders—that remarkable people descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. Miss Julia Farr, the youngest of the Archdeacon's daughters, has been for some time a most active and de- voted member of the Mission staff. A.M.P. SOCIETY.— The vacancy created by Mr. H. W. Apperly's removal to Brisbane has been filled by the appointment of Mr. F. T. Bridges, who was formerly accountant in the Adelaide office, but who has during tho last few years occupied the position of chief of the Sooiety's ooinputing stall at tbe head offioe in Sydney. Mr. Apperly was on Saturday tendered a handsomely illuminated address /from the local branch officers. It referred to the Kraut regard in which Mr. Apperly is held by the Adelaide staff. Mr. F. 7. Bridges, the new Resident Secretary at the Adelaide office, in a few appropriate words made the presentation, the address then being read by the Accountant, Mr. Schultz. Mr. Apperly briefly replied. NATIONAL DEFENCE LEAGUE.— The monthly meeting of the Council wki held on Thursday ..evening, Mr. A. L. Harrald presiding over a full attendance of members. The Executive Committee's roport was received, and the work of the various sub-omnmittyes noted.' It was resolved to in vita repr&mutives; of tbe various branched and oiber leading members to a Conference on January 24, 1885, further arrangements being left to the Executive. The various points of tits policy to be sub- mitted wero considered and progress made. ; A Rimcctocs Ghost Siobt.— A few weeks ago the exoitml imipnfttionj of some sujienti tioas residents of Broropton led to the start*' ing of m report that a ghost had been seen in the locality. The rumour has since, as in the case of the threa black crow*, grown with re* petition by foolish and ignorant persons, until .'the city and suburbs are eaid to be haunted by. in eerie vicuna from, the nether regions, who is given the appellirtinn of 'Spring-heeled Jack.' It is said tlws thin apsoryphal per nonage oarriet a small rctSuand a dagger, and his the Ugvnd on his bnutit, ?' Prepare to' meet thy doom.' ThV story has spread like wildSre amour ohildren, anting in some eaieiL injurious results to their nervous systemi. It » to b* hoped that the idle gossip will spoedily be suppressed. There is of course not the slightest, ground for the ;- superstition, and tboso who am spreading it to the injury of children aud nervous women deserve the strongest concern. Our Hind- marsh correspondent writes:— 'For some time rumours of a ghost having; been seen have been rife at Hindmarsh, and a number of woman and children have been deterred from going out after nightfall, indeed several persons are said to be ill from fright. The reports turn out to be unfounded, and their origin cannot be discovered.' DEATH OF AN OLD COLONIST.— The re- mains of the late Mrs. Harriett Sophia Hubble, of South-terrace, widow of the late Mr. Alfred Hunbble, were iniorrod on Sunday aftercocn in tho West-terrace Cemetery. The dedeas?d lady w*s taken ill on Monday last with inflamiza, and died on Satnrdny morning. ? ?' Mr*. Qubulo, with her husband, left England by tht- ship Wanderer, - and arrivod. in ; Adelaido iu the yo«r 1S51. end, with the ex* eeption of a shart residence in Viotoria, \- resided in or near Adelaide till her death.' \- There are loft two sons, M««srs. G. Y. and S. A. Hubble, at present, in Western Australia, and four datiKhtere, Mrs. T. Knight, of Bordtr Town, Mts. II. FLGarrood, Mrs. E. W. LtngdoD, and Mrs. G. P. Gibbonj, of Mel ? .' . banrno. The Ro». J*uio« Ua*lcin officiated . a* .the graved Tho ch-ef monrnera were '-.?; ( Messrs. T. Eoijjht and E. W. Langdon (sons* ? ?; in-lawy, A. G»rrooil (^randioo), James, V' ATiliiam, Walter R.; Tred, Tom. and Ernest ?????'.';'. Hubblei T. Kast, Councillot* Bruce and ?' -Vell»,Mesirii. E. 8. DAvy.,'.JL OreenVNL : :-. H. Madge, H T. Dur»«tt, J. Fttsintriok,* R. ialcGowMi, U. H. UijdijHB, P. Tod. -Z. H. ^Sanders, F. Ktoharil*, W. lVngoliey, and '- Sabieiton. The funeral arrangement*, were conducted bv Messrs. Ponstllt-y & Knabe. ——— A CONTRAST.— A correspondent writes:— "The following were happenings oa Satur- day:— On one tramcar by which I journeyed early in the evening when the juvenile conductor came to collect his fares a lady sitting at my side quietly slid into the boy's pocket a packet of chocolate sweets, and had her reward in a smile of gratitude. Several hours later, when the car by which I was travelling neared the end of the trip, the passengers were startled to hear from the back platform terrified screamings, which directly after came from the roadway over which the car had passed. The driver pulled up, and the passengers found that the screams had been uttered by the conductor, who had just picked himself up from the road. Between pants for breath and moppings of a bruise in the face the lad related that a man had refused to pay his fare, and on being per- sistently asked for what he owed had roughly handled him and thrown him over the back of the platform into the road, making his way off in the darkness with a coward's haste. The lad believes be will be able to identify his defaulting assailant, who merits punish- ment that will deter other mean-spirited persons from following his example." THE LATE MRS. M. E. MENZ.— Our obituary notices on Saturday, we regret to state, an- nounced the death of Mrs. Magdalene Elize Menz, an old colonist of forty-six years. She arrived in the colony at the end of 1849 in the ship Steinwerder, which also brought to Ade- laide many other old oolonists. She was married to Mr. Johann Menz shortly after her arrival in Adelaide. In 1850 they settled in Wakefield- street, since when to the time of her death Mrs. Menz has been resident there. During the absence of her husband at the Victorian goldfields Mrs. Menz established a small grocery business. Left with a family in 1860 on the decease of her husband she carried on the business, which was afterwards transferred to her sons, and has developed into the well-known bread, biscuit, and confectionery factory of Messrs. W. Menz & Co. The deceased lady has been noted for her charitable and kind disposition, as was witnessed by tbe extent of floral offerings that followed in her private carriage behind the hearse at the funeral on Sunday afternoon. Her illness extended over a period of four months, and entailed great suffering, accentuated by the fire that took place on tbe premises of the firm recently, when she was totally invalided, and had to be carried to neighbouring premises while the fire raged. During her last days the word "fire" was always on her lips, showing that she had taken the misfortune much to heart. Tbe deceased lady was known to almost every German and to most Eng- lish families in the city, and her death will be widely regretted. The employés of the firm mustered on Sunday afternoon with their representative foreman, and formed the pallbearers, five on each side, carrying the coffin from the house to the hearse. Behind the coffin two of the employés carried a large wreath as a token of respect to the departed. The private trap, loaded with wreaths and led by one of the employés, followed. Tbe chief mourners were Messrs. W. Menz and A. H. Menz (sons), O. Basedow (son-in-law). F. Basedow, M L.C., R., A., and E. Menz (nephews), J. Kindermann and E. Siekmann (relatives), W. Jacobsen, and A. Basedow. Following the three mourning coaches came the employés of the firm and private traps to the number of about seventy. Around the vault, whioh has been built at tbe West- terrace Cemetery, were to be seen almost all of the representative German colonists and a very large number of public men, including representatives of those firms with which the late lady had had business relations, and of others with which the present firm do business. The late Mrs. Menz leaves two sons (Messrs. W. and A. H. Menz), a daughter (Mrs. O. Base- dow), and five grandchildren. PIGEONS AS OCEAN MESSENGERS.— On the Iast trip of the Protector Captain Creswell liberated a number of carrier-pigeons at Allhorpe Island for the purpose of testing their usefulness as ocean messengers in the case of necessity arising for their use. The following particulars bear upon the question : — With tbe object of determining if carrier- pigeons could be reliably utilized as ocean messengers for the transmission of despatches from ships at sea to their native terra-firma, the Petit Journal (Paris ) led an experiment, which was enthusiastically participated in by the pigeon fanciers of France, to submitting the matter to a practical test. Five thousand pigeons were placed in baskets on board a steamer at St. Nazsaire, the birds having been sent from ail parts of the country. They were liberated in two detachments, a few hours apart, in the Bay of Biscay, each bearing a despatch in a tube. It was feared that the ooutinerasnt and rou^h sen exjierience would stupefy and render them unfit for work, and that on being set free they would roost on the yards and roraain thore. Nuthiaa of the kind happened. On liberation they roie together on vigorous and business-like wings,tookafew animated rounds, and then mario straight for home, disappearing from sight within fire minutes, paly *ome two or three failed to get their boaring*. and those remained on the rigging. Despatches from all parts of the oountry told of tbo return of the birds to their cotes and the safe reoeipt of the messages they bore. DEATH BY STRANGULATION.— About nine o'clock on Saturday ovening, according to a report seat to thn Metropolitan Police Station by Sergoans - Burchell, officer in charge at Norwood, Adelaide PbiUius, wife of Abraham Phillips, of No. 87, Parade, Norwood, found her ohild David, two yean old, strangled in his cot. At about six o'clock that evening the child was placed to xlesp in the 03t in the ? bedroom, two other of the children also sleeping in the . house. Mrs. Phillips then weut oat shopping, taking four elder obildren wi:h her. - They roturned at 8 p.m., but did not enter the bed rcoa. They again went but and returned about 2 o'clock, when one of the children went into tne bedroom, and immediately oalled out that the baby was hanging through the cot. Mrs. Phillips on going into the room saw the child's legs and body hanging through th« rails of the side of the cot, with tho fee) touching tbe ground. The arms and head were firmly held in . the framework, with the face on the bed. She released tbe ohild, and sent for Dr. Bonn wick, who ptonounoed life - extinct. An icquest will be held this afternoon at 2.30, at the Norwood HoteL NAVAL AFFAIRS— A COMMANDER INVALIDED HOME —It will be remembered that Captain Hemmff, of the Dart, who met with an acoi dent to one of. his eyes, oame toSydnsy to undergo an operation. Fullowiog upon that (iays. tbo 8. M. Uerald lor October 10) Captain Ueiniog bat decided to return home, aud the Admiral h«s granted the necessary permit sion. Captain Heming for several years has been a popular officer on this station in the Myrmidon and the Paluma, and it will be with a ?incero feeling of regret that bis friends hore will pars with him. Thn Orlando yesterday arrived from Jervis Bay, where some good shooting has been done at tbe quarterly faring. She leaves with the Admiral on board on the Hth hut. for Melbourne, and will call at Adelaide, and then proceed right along the Bight to Albany and up to Fremactlo. It is several years since a British flagship has cruised along the coast of the 'Land of the Black Swan.' A letter from tho Penguin cays that the ship it taking soundings off the Natnuka Group. The Katoomba reports that while in the New Hsbrides -First-dais Petty-cfficer Hercock was seized with a siokness which pro-ed fatal. H« wa* boned at Vila, .the remain* boin^ followed to the grave by the officer* and men of -his ship. The Katoombi ha* visited the outlying stations of the Fiji and Samoan Groups. . The Tauranga and Karra kana, at present in port, will go up to dock at Cockatoo on next Monday. THE BARQUE ALASTOR.— Some anxiety is felt as the safety of the barque Alastor, which loaded wheat for Messrs. W. R. Cave and Co., and sailed from Port Victor on April 26 for the U.K. Messrs. Cave&Co.;, how= ever, have just received a letter from their Port Victor agent, in which he states that the Altstor called at St. Helena on August C for provisions. Thn would cause sojne delay, and as the ship was foul irough not having been i-!ippr-d prior to sailing, her progress would probably be slow. Is is pointed out, also, that up to the present no reinsurance, have been effected on the Alastor, which suggested that no apprehen- sion is felt in London at the vessel's non- arrival. "The Master."— Matthew Strang, the hero of this story, by J. Zangwill— William Heinemann & Co., London — is a native of Nova Scotia, where he leads during boyhood a rustic life among primitive surroundings, which tended to strengthen his natural inde pendence of character. He bat a gift for paiuting, snd determines to devote his life to art. He comas to London to study, but in spite of bis undoubted ability asd dodged determination to succeed is obliged to ac knowledge himself beaten. He then returns to his native country, aad coon after macriei Rachel Coble. Sbe brines him a little money, And with this he determines to try bis fortunes in London for the secoad time. This time success is achieved, and Matthew Strang becomes the oelebra -ed artist. Mixing in aristocratio circles it is now that he begins to feel rather ashamed of his wife'a ill* manners and lack of sympathy, and at this point of the story the lion. Eleanor Wynd wood— who is one of the bast studies in tbe book— plays an important part in the life of 'Tho Muter.' Matthew Ssrang is a striking story of patieno9, p*s*ioa, sorrow, and ?usueu. It oontains a masterly analysis of character and much brilliant dialogue and although some ot the descriptive matter is unduly drawn out, and some of the. oon vena- tions stilted it not prosy, it appeals to tbe reader as tbo work of a master in literature. Tbe noblest character in tbe book, although little is said about her, is Ruth Hailey, a play mate of the author in bis youth, whose self sacrificing example proves the turning-point in his life. THE ENGLISH LABOUR MARKET.— With reference to the state of the skilled labour market in England the Labour correspondent of the Board of Trade reports tbas on tbe whole there had been an improvement during Jun*- in the state of tbe labour market, and the percentage of unemployed in Unions making returns bad declined. In tbe eighty* six Trade Unions, with an aggregate member ship of 391,371, milking returns, 21,064 (or 5*6 per cent.) were reportsd as unemployed at tbe end of June, compared with C per cent, in May, and 6*3 per cent, in the fifty-two Unions making returns fur June, 1SU4. The number af fresh disputes occurring in June had been stxty-Gve, at com pared with eighty-four in May and eighty-five in June, 1S04. Tbe number of workpeople affected by obangos in wages re pjrteddiiringJunohad bi-tm onlyabont 13,000, aa compared writn 111,000 iu May and 20,001) in tha correnpoudine month of la«» year. Tbe increases affec'.od about 0,000 pcreone, includ ing about 4.00a building operatives and 1,700 blase ? iurnaooLiuD. Tha decreases included 1,000 staelmillmea at Consett and Jarrow, and about 1,400 coal miners in Cumberland. Da Jousph Coos.— Tbe celebrated Boston lecturer, Dr. Joseph Cook, returned to Sydney on Ootober 8 (says tun Tele^ath). When visited by a rojortor tbo dootor at onoe launched out intoglowinflrenthu*ia«m over tbe kmdly welcome he had every where roceived in Viotoria. He experienced nothing but the most generous of hospitality, and he epoaks in terms of unbounded gratitude for tbe treat ment extended to him. With regard to his illness, Dr. Cook said that there had been a great dual of exaggeration. One Monday morning, while palliogon tbe half- Wellington boots whiob it is bis habit to wear — togging strenuously at the straps, for he had no time to spare in getting down to Dr. Bevan'a Church— suddenly a sort of dizziness and blindness name over him Tbis continued for two or three days, and the bliodnes* was so pronounced that he oould not recognise any perton who entered hts room ; couid not, as ho put it, tell wlioiher it vh a man or woman, black or white. After caroiul examination by Dra. B-UU-Qeaillny, MautJu^ley, and Jaok nea, it was demiled that tbe biinducse was due to a disturbance in the optio tract, and that the attack was ono of ephemeral vertigo. Uuder the treatment prescribed Dr. Cook gradually recovered, and be now seems to be in excellent health. It is bis intention to leavs by th*- steamer Gutbrie for Japan on Saturday. Tbsre be will rejoin Mrs. Cook, and it the long tea voyage tmi not proved too trying for him ho proposes to dolivor a oourse of lectures so stu touts. Get BooTHBt's Wook.— According to tbe Bookman Mr. Rider Haggard evidently shares with Vlr. Rudyaid Kipling bis appre ciation of the work ot that rising young South Australian author, Mr. Guy Bootbby. He has purchased for publication in tbe African Review Mr. Boothby's new novel- 'The Beautiful White DevU.w.j^^yvV '-?};.' &^ S;^ Toe Risk of Japan*.— On Sunday evening, at the Dutnooratio Club, Mr. W. Griffiths, M; P., lectured on 'Trade aud Commerce in the East.' H* quoted tbe imports into Hongkong and tho Ems from Australia, and ounttinded that to enable our people to eecure a proper share of trad* it was absolutely neoeesary that the Steamship Cumpanies should lower their freight*. Iu apeaiting of the Japanese be eaid they were an industrious nation ; wbole families wore en-:»:(ed in certain work, oven do*n to children oi tive and nix years of age. AuAtraiiuaa were of opinion that the Japs were no: a skilM people, but to prove that chit was nut correct he bad seen inedioal ioatrumea:*, taado en Japou which would comparo favourably witb any of British m-tnufaoture. Jspanoae C9:n|ietition would probably force in Aunra'.i* tho neott ?lty for federal action with regard to ths pro ducts of obftap Asiatic labour. The Prwideat of the dub occupied thu cbair, and thoro was a good attendance. A hoirty voto of thauks waa becordod the luoturer after dincu^siun. PARKSIDE LUNATIC ASYLUM.— On Thursday evening the tTorc*cbruu Ven- iu ?av-j a concert to the inmatei. which iras mr.cU en joyed. Tbe musical oonduotor wa* H -rr K. Laipport. Fbe inntrusi-stal parts were per formed by Gunther'n Oruhc-tra. muah to tbe satisfaction of the audi«nct-. The choir ooa nocsed urith tbe Sooiety thvo rarionr ch--ru**s, and solo* wern rendered by else .Miwes Framm and Schultz. and Mettfrs. Bitcd, Ooliin, Pryer, and Wittig. The »ntertainmfnt pa*!itHJofJ suco«t-tul:y, and the hojo was ex pressed that it might be soon repeated. CATHEDRAL CHOIR CONCERT.— Attention is directed to the advertisement appearing in another column which announces that the box- plan for the Cathedral Choir Conoert, ro be held on October 22, will be open to morrow as Messrs. S. Marshall & Son's music ware- house. CYCLING.— Entries for the race meeting to be held on the Jubilee Exhibition Oval on Saturday, October 26, are due at the North Adelaide Cyclists'' Clubrooms, 27, Selborne Chamberg, Piris-street, before 9 o'clock to-night. EAST TORRENS ELECTORAL ROLL.—We have received from the Returning Officer, Mr. J. D. Woods, a copy of the East Torrens elec- total roll for the Home of Assembly. ———— 