NEWS IN BRIEF. Lord Salisbury has instructed the British Ambassador at Constantinople to press the Sultan over Armenian reform, and it is state'd that he hos concedtd the demands of the powere. It is stated that Prcesident Cleveland advises the selection of Mr T. F. B cyard, the United States Ambassador at London, as the next democratic candidate for the Presidency. Beeorts from the Tranevail state that the Boers under General Joubert are com mitting great excesses and maisacring the natives. It is stated that France and Russia are in accord with Lord Salisbury's Armenian policy. City v. Launceston match on Saturday won by former by 4-7 to 3-2. It is stated that the R ght Hon. Jas. Lowther threatens to form a new " Cave of Adullam" of the melontent Conserva tives. Signor Crispi, the Italian Premier, fears that toe first s;ark of a European war will be given out in Africa. In view of Rues an- Franco action, it is stated that England and Italy have con cluded a treaty of unitn with regard to Africa. The St. Petersburg News openly advccates pronounced efforts to fo:ce England out of Egypt. It suggests that Russia and France should unite to eject the Italians from Mas. sowah and turn it into a port for the joint powers. Premier Kingston is sairring Premier Reid up on the question of passing the Federal Enabling Bill. Fcooball match N,.rth H::bart v. Fitzroy ended in a win for the former by 4-4 to 3-6. The departmental report on Victorian village settlements is not very encourag ing. It states that the prir.cipal causes of failure are want of ju:!gme.t in selecting sites and incapacity or unsuitableness of these chosen. BIeaumont, Pleydell, and Carr, for for geries on Coutts's Bank, have been sen tenccd t) long terms of imprisonment. The Times warns the Conservatives against over eLtion over their large majority. Buggy accident at Sandhill late on Friday night. Thos. Healy sustained three broken ribs and other injuries. An uncharted rock, with only 10ft of water on it at low tide, has been found to exist near Wellington, in the track of vessels. The steamers Waihora and Anglian re cently touched the rock, which has since been buoyed. Eteamer Cambria landed 51 tons of tin ore from Burnie on Saturday. Bark Cumbrae, 1356 tons, Newcastle to Valparaiso, has been posted "missing" at Lloyds. Ship Potcsi, recently lunched at Bremen, is the largest sailing ship afloat, being 39ift long, with a carrying capacity of 6150 tons. Barks Marravilla, for Hobart, and Devon port, for Stanley, were towed to sea on Saturday. The movement to allow women a seat in the legislature has gone backwards during the past teelve months, but that in favour of the referendum has made great progress. The second reading of the Referendum Bill was carried in the N.Z. House of Representatives by 28 to 14. The cost of earning £100 on the Victorian railways has dec'ined in Victoria from £70 in 1891-2 to £59 in 1894 5. A "ghost " has bet n playing high jinks in the suburbs of Melbourne lately. One individual at South Yarra who was frightening females has been arrested, The drink bill of N.Z. has fallen from £6 10a per head in 1879 to £2 17s 2d in 1894, and is the lowest on record in Australia. Commenting on Detective-inspector Byrne's work in New York, it is said'that his portion of the city was remarkably free from burglaries, as no professional thief was allowed to enter without first having obtained a permit from the police head quarters. English mails dated July 6 ex R.M.S. Orient are due in Launceston next Friday evening. Collections at St. Aidan's Church yester day were in aid of a deserving case, and amounted to. £10 4s 5d. The Ven. Archdeacon Hales preached on woman suffrage at Trinity Church last night. He said the question was sprung on the As:eably by a faddist, and was a raw, ill-considered change. He hoped the Legislative Couneil would vindicate its caution - and wisdom and rej ect this new folly of the Assembly. Federal left Devonport yesterday morn ing with 16,895 bags of potatoes and a quantity of other Iroduce. The Bellinger took 700 bags of oats and 300 bags of po~atoos from Devenporb for Melbourne on Saturdeay. Public meeting at Port Cygnet assed resolution in favour of a tax on unimproved value. The Attorney-General says that the Government have nailed their colours to the mast over the land tax. If it fails to become law this session they will call an early session next year, re submit the proposal, and on its rejection appeal to the country. Dr. Crowther states that three of the richest professional men in Hobart escape the incone tax. The senior member for Kisrgboro' advo Sca'ea continuing the light tram from SZeehan to Waratah and not letting a private company make a line. A boy named Noble caught by a circular saw at Bellerive on Soturday and torn to pieces. Steamer Argus has been floated off and is in harbour at Thursday Islhnd. Government Astronomer of N.S.W. states that the colony is suffering from a shortage of rainfall. 