The Deeming Murders in England. HOW THEY WERE DISCOVERED. A TRUE DETECTIVE STORY. (Melbourne Argun). IT was bitterly cold in the city on the 9tli of March, 1692, and tiny stalactites of slowly-thawing ice liung from (lie heavy moustache of a strongly-built man who had just come in from tlic street outsMe and was resting liis elbows on tlic mahogany writing-table of one of the largest dealers in dairy produce in London. The dealer and his visitor talked in rapid confidential tones upon business mutters, upon the prices and qualities and grades of butter, upon the state of the market, cargoes and methods of packing, tlie present glut and the future prospects of Danish, Normandy and Australian sorts. Ciinga-ling-a ling went an electric bell across the passage, and in a moment or two n well-drilled olfice-boy knocked at the door, and, addressing the latest comer, said, 'You're wanted at the tele phone, sir.' The stoutly-built man stepped across to the telephone, and raised the receiver to his ear. ' Hullo, there. Is that you, Lowe V cameavoiceoutof nowhere, disentangling itself with difficulty from the confused current of interwoven noises that crossed each other on the tingling wires ' Yes. Who's spoaking.' ' Townend, at The Argvus office. Look here, I want to see you as Boon as pos sible. There's a big murder case on in Australia, and we've just got a cat>le from the office ill Melbourne instrueting us to make inquiries at this cad. Be as sharp as you can.' Mr. Samuel Lowe, member of the London staff of The Argus, dropped the instrument, hastily apologised to the merchant, and went down the office staircase three steps at a time. Com merce absorbs a large amount of the average pressman's time and attention, but it sinks into insigni6cance in the presence of-Crime 4\. quarter of an hour later Mr. Lowe and Mr. Townend were staring intently at the sheet of paper lying on the table before them. The cable message from Melbourne read simply, 'Inquire Scot land-yard, Williams murder. Send por traits. Interview mother.' Mr. Townend looked at Mr. Lowe in terrogatively. Mr. Lowe looked at Mr. Townend affirmatively. . All right,' j he said, 1 I'll look after it.' The Bow-street officials were polite but unsatisfactory. They had never beard of a murder in Australia in which a person of the name of Williams was concerned. It was as though one had a6ked them for details ahout a man named Smith wanted for n forgery com mitted on the shores of Baffin's Bay. A close examination of newspaper files at the Central News Agency failed to disclose any accounts of the murder mentioned in the cable message, and two hours had passed without the faintest gleam of light being shed upon the oc currence 'Scotland-yard, cabby,' shouted the stoutly-built man through the aperture in the roof of the hansom, and sat back in the seat to think hard, as the experi enced London cab-horse skated over the slippery wood-blocks of the Sraond, heading for the mysterious building in which the highest detective acumen of England daily gathers up the clues of information that come rolling in from every quarter of the globe. So busy, indeed, were the autocrats of the metro politan police and the decieativc depart ment that they could not even sec Mr. Lowe when lie sent his name iu by the German man-servant. If Mr. Lowe desired any information lie must be kiud enough to forward his request i>y letter. This seemed a little discourteous on the part of Superintendent Shoro and Super intendent Anderson, but the occupant of the hansom cab had still another string to his bow, and as the cab-horse skated back into the city Mr. Lowe again de voted himself to an accomplishment which is, unfortunately, growing some what rare-that of thinking. As a result of his cogitations the cab-horse was pulled on to his haunches in front of a red lamp, and Mr. Lowe lost no time in explaining the position to an old ac quaintance of his-the police official in charge. ' I fancy this is what you want,' said the officer with a smile, us he spread the " information sheet" for that very day on the desk before him, and pointed to entry number 44, which contained a full description of Albert Williams, wanted for wife murder, at Melbourne, on Christmas Eve, 1891. The entry set forth that Williams spoke with a Lanca shire accent, and stayed formerly at Eainhill. It was signed by Superin tendent Shore. j Mr. Lowe devoured that information sheet with the hearty appetite of one who has been subjected to semi-starva tion for some time past. He committed the entry to memory verbatim by reading it over carefully two or three times, a knack which is always useful to a journalist. M. Ulowitz, the Palis cor respondent of The Times, proved its value when lie learned oil' the terms of peace at tlie close of the Franco-German war in otio reading, and telographed tliem in cxUnto to his paper. Only M. Blowitz was dealing with murder on the grand scale-the murder that is com mitted with grape and 6hrupnel and liayonets at the chargc. When Mr. Lowe returned to Scotland yard after a hurried visit to 'l%> Art/us otlice in Fleet-street, ho had a letter from Mr. Townend to .Superintendent Shore requesting informal ion in his pocket, and ho had the information itBelf up his sleeve. Warned by his previous experience he omitted the for mality of sending in his card, and running up a flight of stone stops and along a passage entered Superintendent Shore's private room and iutroduuud him self in person. The superintendent eyed liim coldly, and read the letter asking for particulars as to the murder and for the address of 'Mis. WilliamB' in Liver pool. ' I know nothing at all nl.out it,' said the. superintendent in the measured tones of a man who has learnt by long experience to be economical in adminis tering his stock of veracity, ' and more over,' ho added with engaging frankness, . if I did know, I should not tell you.' Mr. Lo»e learned across the table with a queer smile and looked straight into the superintendent's eyes. 'As you know nothing about the matter,' he said, 'perhaps you will allow me to enlighten you. Albert Williams mur dered his wife in Melbourne on Christ mas Eve. He formerly stayed at Rainhall. He speaks with a strong Lancashire accent, and there is a detailed description of him published as the 44th entry in to-day's information sheet. It is doubtless correct, for the memo, bears your own signature, Superintendent Shore.' The superintendent sprang to his feet. ' The man who told you this shall be dismissed from the force," lie hissed with an oath. ' Don't you think you had better find him first,' replied the other, with just the suspicion of a sneer, ' and you may discover, when you have got him, that he is not under your authority. The city police and tlie metropolitan con stabulary are very different bodies, as you knoiv.' Few men would attempt to iiluffa Scotland-yurd superintendent in his own milieu, but Mr. Lowe tried it on for the sake of the friendly police officer who had shown him the informa tion sheet. The bluff* came ofT, and the king of clubs was safe, hut the superin tendent never knew that it was the only card in his opponent's hand. ' I am going to Liverpool to night,' Mr. Lowe remarked, as he buttoned his overcoat, *to follow this thing up.' . We shall be delighted to hear of yourdiscoveries,' said the superintendent sarcastically. ' By the way, when you get to Liverpool you might call on In spector Williams-he is in charge there -and tell hiui that his brother has committed a murder in Australia. He will be so pleased to see you.' .Thanks for the hint,' rejoined the pressman. ' I shall certainly call on Inspector Williams. I shall tell him that I do so at your request, and that I am instructed by the Scotland-yard j authorities to furnish them with any information that I may gather. Your recommendations will, no doubt, bo of great service to me." And he bowed himself out, leaving Superintendent Shore fully three inches smaller in stature than he had been before the commencement of the interview. ' Where the deuce is Rainhill V asked Mr. Lowe anxiously in tho office after WBTClSt < llniiihill,' replied Mr. Townsend oracularly, emerging from a dusty file of the Liverpool Post, 'appears to be a lunatic asylum about 10 uiles out of Liverpool, but you had better hurry up or you will miss the express. ' It seems to be rather a wild-goose chase, doesn't it ?' said Mr. Lowe. Mr. Townend looked at him straight. ' It's the biggest wild-goose chase a man was ever sent on,' he said, 1 but we have our instructions and we must carry them out.' Then he turned out his pockets, aud produced a couple of sovereigns and 4s 3d in silver, which he handed to Mr. Lowe, remarking that the banks wore closed, and that lie would want soini' money. The petty cash box yielded another £10, and with this provision against immediate necessities theamatcur detective entered the next stage of the inquiry-and a cosy first-class carriage on the 10-5 p.m. express to Liverpool.^ Half past 9 next morning found him at the headquarters of the Liverpool do tective department in Dale street, and the officer in charge, though at first sus picious and reticent, gradually thawed under the influence of the strong recom mendations from Superintendent Shore, which Mr. Lowe presented glibly by word of mouth, adding, with a deft adaptation of the superintendent's sar casm, that he was commissioned by the Scotland yard authorities to furnish them with all possible information about the murder. Thus it was that ho enlisted the assistance of the officer, who, by merely pressing an electric button, sum moned to the joint consultation a con stable who was well acquainted with Rainhill, and in the space of a few minutes Mr. Lowe learned that H-iinliill was a township with a population of about 2,000, that it contained a lunatic asylum, tivo churches, and a railway on tho Liverpool and Manchester line. Hut tho constable knew no one there by the name of Williams. Mr. Lowe ruminated for a fe v moments, chewing the end or his tiig moustache. 'Can you put mo on to tho local gossip,' he said, ' tho man or woman who takes an intelligent interest in other people's business and knows all about tho births, deaths, and particularly mar riages that have taken place in llambill for the last 20 years or so V . ' There's John Higham,'said the con stable reflectively; ' he's the local letter carrier, and ho knows everyone in tho place. Perhaps he might help you.' Of courso; just tho very man, and Mr. Lowe felt that he was close to the haunts of the wild-goose after all. It had been snowing and blowing hard all night, with thunder and lightning, and hurrying squalls of hail aud sleet. In the morning (he storm had almost blown itself out, but it was still piercingly cold, the air was thick and opaque, and the half-soon sky was leaden, so that the day suited well with the task in baud. It was fitting weather for following up the death-trail, liveryone knows that Nature can accommodate herself to human moods, especially the poet's, and Browning lets the interdependence lie seen very plainly. In ' Prospice,' that Alpine storm in verse, cannot one feel thu foe in the throat, the mist in the face, and the oolcl blasts that blow about the narrow pass where death sits waiting? In the song from "Pippa Passes," on the other hand, or " Home Thoughts from Abroad," does not one get life at its brightest in a, flood of sunshine? Listen how " the chaffinch sings 011 the orchard bough." One can hear the gushing melody right through the poem. But when Mr. Lowe reached Rainhill the storm was over, though the soft, white, newly-fallen snow covered the whole township-like a shroud. He despatched a lad from the railway station in search of John Higham, who presently appeared wheezing, arid opened his old eves in astonishment at the tale which the stranger had to tell of a squatter king who had died ill Australia, leaving a fortune nf fabulous amount 10 his next of-kin, a person of the name of Williams, formerly of Rainhill. Old Higham knew two Indies of the name of Williams, who were both interview d at once, and left to their own flustered anticipations as soon as Mr. Lowe had satisfied himself that they could have 110 possible connection with the murder. Here the scent was lost temporarily, and he had to cast about patiently to recover it. As he walked down the street with old Higham, there appeared upon the scene young Higham, a stripling of 18, who assisted his father with the delivery of the mails. To him the old man un folded the story of the fortune which had been left in Australia, and of the efforts which were being made to re cover the long-lost heir, a lucky indi vidual named Albert Williams. The boy's features worked in a des perate effort to grasp the thread of some associations, and then his eyes took on a new light, glowing with the joy of a great discovery. ? Feyther,' he said, speaking in the long, liquid Lancashire drawl, " doant 'e moind tliot. timer Williams as coom'd to Rainhill last 'arvest-toime. Mayhap 'e wur tlia feller. 'Ira 's married Emmie Mather an' took 'er off to Chaney ?' . Ay, ny, sewerly,' the old man re sponded. 11 moind 'im well, ma lad. 'E rented Dinham-villa from Mrs. HayeB, an' Ben Young cemented tlia bitching floor fur 'im. Dear, dear, so 'es coom'd into a fortin. I liallus thowt theer wur sutliin' square wi' him afoor 'e went away. Ay, thot's 'im sewerly.' Mr. Lowe gave an involuntary excla mation of surprised delight. When hounds are hunting live game and they pick up the scent again after a check they always give tongue. ' When did you say lie married her, my lad?' he said ' Last 'arj-est toime,' replied the lad, ' oop at tlia clioori-h yonder. They wur married by pusson 'isself, an' yo can see tlia still'l.it if yo loike. But 'ere cooms Joa Pickering, 'e married Emmie Slather's sister, an' 'e can tell you moor o' Willums than me.' Joe Pickering, a sta'wart young car penter, remembered Williams perfectly, and recollected doing the woodwork in the scullery at Dinham-villa when the cementing of the floors was being carried out by Ben Young. Moreover, I10 had lately seen a letter written to Mrs. Mather t.y Williams from Mel bourne, in Australia, in which Williams said that ' dear Emily was quite happy, and in the best of health,' The letter was dated some time in January. There could no longer be any doubt in Mr. Lowe*6 mind that he was on the right scent, and he almost whistled as he remembered that the unfortunate ' dear Emily' was murdered by the polite letter writer 011 Christmas Eve. Higham, senior, in his capacity as parish clerk, soon found tho marriage register in the vestry of th« old church, and turned up an entry relating to the marriage of Albert Oliver Williams, bachelor, and Emily Mather, spinster. A copy of the entry would cost 3s 7d, he remarked meaningly. Mr. Lowe handed over the fee, as well as a couple of half crowns for the old man's private purse. ' Yo wonnt want the munny back if it's not tha roiglit .Williams, will 'a?' said tha careful clerk; and when reas sured on that point went off to call the " passon." Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs Pickering, were both at home when Mr. Lowe called and was shown into the neat little parlor, with its horse-hair sofa and arm-chair, its cheap German prints on the walls, and its square table in the middle of the room, with a brass- bound family Bible lying mathematically in the centre. The visitor introduced himself by handing the old lady his card. ' I repre sent The Melbourne Atytin,' he began, ?and also (after a short pause) Scotland yard. I want to ask you about a Mr. Williams who married your daughter last September.' It WHS wonderful how readily Mrs. Mather talked. She had had the letting of Dinham-villa, which belonged to Mrs Hayes, and applicants to view the pro perty had to come to her for the key. Mr. Williams wished to take the house, and when lie carae for tho key he met Emily. Ho fell very much in love with Emily, and almost at once proposed marriage. The marriage came off in iv very short time, and was celebrated by a dance in Dinham-villa, in the kitchen, which had been newly cemented. Cer tainly some of the neighbors had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but he was a free-handed, well spoken man, and he had promised her a good home, rhpy were very happy to-1 gether, and Kmi!y had written several letters homo sinco they had left. Her last letter was dated from Colombo, hut tier husband had written from Mel bourne. ' Now, Mrs. Mather,' said Mr. Lowe, * I want to ask you al-out yourdaugliter.' The old lndy looked up at him sharply. ' I want to know first,' she said, «what you nre driving at, and I will not suy another word until you tell me.' 'Mrs. Mather,' said Mr. Lowe, 'I have something very painful to tell you, I am going to 'oil you no . al»)ut two people, a man nnd a woman. The man I am positive is Albert Oliver Williams. The wuiu.iii m;iv be yonv daughter, or it may bp (Uf oiiihii w!i-i I have ascer tained. came to (ta.ulnii 10 visit. Wil liams as his sisifi- but who, 1 have reason to believe, was his wife. Wil iams murdered his wife last. Christmas Kve.' Almost before lie had fiuisliG'! speak iog Mrs. Mather hud fainted, and if. was not without some difficulty that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. Pickering together maimed tn revive her. Then lie told her all that, he knew, .. Raving the tangled scraps of information together into on consistent a whole as possible. But there were still some terrible gaps to be filled up. ' Mind you, I do not believe that it is your daughter who lias been murdered,' said Mr. Lowe, arguing against his own convictions. I think it is very probable that his real wife, who visited him bore at Dinham-villa,followed him to Melbourne, and that when she mode herself kuown to him there, and reproached Jhbj for his desertion, lie took Iter life.' It was a plausible hypothesis, and it was of priceless value just then, for it enabled Mrs. Mather to hope. With her hopes her strength revived, and unlock ing an old-fashioned secretaire she took out all the letters written by Emily Mather 6inoe her marriage, and also por traits of both the bride and bridegroom. After a little persuasion, she handed the letters and portraits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to London and get them copied, receiving in return an as surance that they would be safely guarded and given back uninjured. ' Now, you must tell no one what I have told you,' said Lowe, as he took his leaf. 'It is absolutely necessary that you preserve the strictest secrecy.' And the old lady, terrified and full of vague misgivings, pledged herself to silence. When Mr. Lowe took his seat in the up express for London lie had good reason to congratulate himself upon his day's work. He had succeeded upon his most sanguine anticipations, and he had made his position secure by closing the door completely against subsequent in quirers for information. Not only had he extracted a promise of silence from the one living individual capaMe of giving positive information a'mut the murderer. hut lie had swept off all the letters and all the portraits as well that is to say, all the documentary evi dence and all the means of identification. After riding the treasure chamber he had locked the door and left with the key in his pocket. Next morning, 7'/ie Aiyus. away on the other side of the globe, published an interview, three quarters of a column long, with the mother of the hapless Lancashire girl whose reinai is had been dug up a few davs befor- from the cemented grave in the house at Windsor. Tt was the first of a series of perhaps tho most remarkable coups ever kuown in the history of Australian journalism. Backwards and forwards between London and Liverpool went tho restless Mr. Lowe, collecting and piecing to gether all tho ravelled ends of hearsay, all tho tangle*! strands of inference, all the stray fibres of circumstantial and direct evidence, until lie had uiade a rope strong enough to hang a man. And yet he was only at the commence ment of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister or, more probaMy, the wife of Williams, who had visited him at Raiu hill with her four children, kept on in truding into Mr. Lowe's busy bra in. She quite upset his calculations. It was odd thai, in spite of all his efforts, he could find no trace of her whereabouts. She and her four children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to be laid until they were avenged. As this last thought struck him Mr. Lowe lifted his hand to his foreheud, and found it wet. He was sweating from sheer excitement. A vague idea came to him, stayed with him, and finally possessed him. Ife hurried from London to Ilninhill once more and hunted out Ben Young, the man who had cemented the floors of the kitchen and sculle.ry in Diuhaiu-villa under instructions from Williams. ' Where did you get the cement from, Ben T was the first eager question. ' It wur in tho coouh 'ouse,' said Ben. To the coach-house accordingly they went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels which had evidently contained cement. 'Did you use all the cement out of the three barrels V asked Mr. Lowe. ' Naw,' said Ben Young. ' How much did you use then ? l?or Heaven's sake, hurry up my good man. It's a iiialt"r of life and death.' Ben \ i'i.u 'lollented bis thoughts do li'usratcly. ' l-fid doon tha stoof oot 'f two 'f tliey burls,' lie replied, with irri tating slowness. ' A kwiw nowt a' oot this 'ere other wonu. (t wur empty afonr a got tha job.' ' Empty before you got the job,' echoed Mr. Lowe, with the ring of a strengthening conviction in his voice. 4 Then what became of tho cement from that barrel ?' Tho village plasterer wagged his licnd slowly from side to side, but never a word spnl.fi lie. Mr. Lowe might as well have asked him what had become of the sno'i s of yester year. T/ifii a great -ijjffit flashed in upon the .-imainiir detective's brain, illuminating all that wast black ,1 moment before, and silhouetting in the sharpest outlines ob jects which up to chat moment had been wrapped in darkness. When the line of-battle-sliip shows her mighty search light every detail of the torpedo-boat stands revealed, painted in black upon a disc of blinding white. ' Where the missing barrel of cement is thare I shall find, the missing woman also,' said Mr. Lowe, half to himself, and darted off to submit his ideas to Sergeant Chipchaso, the local constable, with whom he at once concluded an offensive and defensive alliance against the out side world Sergeant Cliipchase laid the facts before the district superintendent, an official named Kelly, and the digging then began in Dinham-villa under Mr. Lowe's direction, a digging the result of which most gruesomely verified the cal culations which that far sighted indi vidual had worked out And so it was that (his Childe Roland to his Dark Tower came. Four sweating constables armed with picUnxos carried out this strange ex imm.ition. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they came upon the cement front the third barrel, and in the cement they came upon the bodies of a woman and four children. The woman and three of the children had their throats cut from ear to ear, and the fourth child liad been strangled with a piece ot clothes line, which was still round ite neck. Mr. Lowe had an unusual interesting cable message to send to The Argus in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which be received his first instructions lie sent a complete report of the murders which he had been mainly instrumental in discovering, and with which all England was ringing [ some hours later. When the story of the Rainhill murders was published in 1'he Argus alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning Albert Oliver Williams, alias Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on his way from Southern Cross in cus tody. If the Windsor charge broke down, the Rainhill case would hang him safely enough. 'Ah I Mr. Lowe, glad to fine you,'said Superintendent Shore next day, stretch ing out liis hand cordially to his visitor. ' Let tr.e congratulate you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been done in England for many years.' 