NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." A Simple Adder too ! "Henry, you look worried. What's the trouble?" "I was stung to the quick by an adder this afternoon." " Heavens ! How did it happen ?" "Why, I went to the bank arid the bank cleric told me my account was overdrawn." Fine. Oool. Bright. Chitral. Austria. ' Waterloo. The Bijou. A ghost story. Theatre Royal. Lange v. Bage. Labor disputes. New Australia, i The tin market. , The Cyclorama. . The Corean war. The rise in wheat. Rain still wanted. , Australian apples. The Central.mine. " Toilers on the sea. . The Hamlin mine. § The electoral rolls. The New Hebrides. " • "The Gaiety Girl." ■ A Spanish tragedy. A soldier's revenge. "A Lady's Whim." Anarchism in Italy. The ship Aberfoyle. The Niagara claims. Miss Nellie Stewart. Anthrax in Victoria.; Lobethal Rifle Club. Mr. Michael Davitt. American forest fires. The siege of Formosa. ■ ' Silver is now 2s. 6'j%d. . Alleged baby farming. The Barossa goldfield. Gold fields of the West. j. Leprosy in Queensland ; ! Central meeting to-day. Explosion of sewer gas. Some missing coal ships. The Government policy. A conference of bankers. An important judgment. Accident at Broken Hill. -, A " Gaiety Girl" in peril. , - Hudson's Surprise Party. Allison Smith v. the Aye. The Australian Squadron. ' - ' A South Australian artist. The Victorian Parliament. Sudden death at Port Pirie. The Theatre packed nightly. 1 The early-closing movement, Parliament opens to-morrow, i' South Australian gold mines. i Inspection of the Central mine. - The new Austrian Reform Bill. Larceny of a doctor's certificate." A YankaJilla "doctor" arrested! A Russian movement in Chitral. No picnicking at New: Australia. The late Railway Commissioners. . • ■' Ah Under-Secretary shot in Italy. I Another alluvial rush ih the West. I The work of the Seamen's Mission. Working classes dissatisfied'in Austria. V A fugitive offender remanded to England. The Royal Society met on Tuesday evening. Banquet to late Commissioners of Railways. Attempted suicide by a YanlcaliUa " doctor." Tariff proposals before the Victorian Parlia ment. . Many lives lost through forest fires in the United States. Signor De Beaupuis's pianoforte recitals start on Thursday. The world's gold yield amounted to 8,95G,'JGS oz. iu 1801. The majority of men have little about them' original except original sin. _ Mr. Gannon, a grazier, is insolvent. His liabilities amount to £97,000. . Tariff proposals before both the New South Wales and Victorian Parliaments. The third and last session of the fourteenth Parliament opens to'-morrow at the usual hour. Kelung has been captured with a loss of 300 Chinese, and the; capitulation of Forhxosa is daily expected. " A Lady's Whim," by W. Addison, a com plete story, will be published in next Satur day'sExpress. The quantity ox tin in stock is stated tope 10,000 tons, the visible supply 27,000, and the quantity afloat C, 000. The Victorian,apples shipped by the R.M.S. Australia have realised -12s. a case, and the Tasmanian apples lis. The Executive Council has approved of the retirement of Captain Close from the military service of New South Wales. - It was the sharp lesson of the great Civil War which taught our Transatlantic kin that some rank and file are necessary. Believing that lie was the victim of persecu tion, Captain Calvijos, of Madrid, shot General Rivera in the right breast. The Victorian Income Tax Commissioner lias obtained a further sum of £2,250 from 750 per sons who under-estimated their income. W. Addison, author of "Her Last Cast," "Doubtful Honor," &e.;, wrote the complete story which will appear in next Saturday's Express. The Japanese are still invading Formosa, The Chinese Government disclaim responsi bility for the continued resistance of the islanders. It is doubtful whether there is a Legislature in tho world whioh has anything to compare with the average Wednesday notice-paper of the House of Assembly. Disastrous forest fires are. reported from Northern Pennsylvania. Several small towns have been'destroyed and the, damage is esti mated,' at upwards of £500,000. Some of the principal American banks are following in the footsteps of the leading rail ways m requiring that every person in their employ shall be a total abstainer. ' The; new Reform Bill introduced by the Austrian Government grants small taxpayers 34 seats and representatives of the working elasses-13 seats in the Reichsrath. Joseph Addicoat, whilst engaged tipping mullock down a shute on Block ll last night, fell a distance of 50 ft. He was taken to the hospital, but is now progressing favorably.. _ As a matter of fact the Railway Commis sioners'first year showed a fall .from 4;S0 to 4*05 per cent-., and only in two subsequent years has the return for 18S7-8 been surpassed. It is simply absurd that the Parliament of a small community should be annually in session for a term of nearly seven months. There is no need for it, and there ought to be no need of it.- . Mr. Abrahams, of the House of Commons, in an interview, denies that lie is going to Australia as an official arbiter in labor disputes. He states that he is wholly unaware of the alleged offer. Ostensibly arranged in honor of Messrs. Smith, Hill, andNeill, last.night's."function" resolved itself into a violent demonstration against the Ministry, on whom and all their worlcs the vials of wrath were poured. , The tribute Mr. Symon paid to the late Commissioners would not have suffered had he been content with a more moderate exercise of his gifts of sarcasm and invective, employed principally at the expense of the Premier.. A kanaka suspected of leprosy was discovered on a plantation at Mackay on Tuesday. The health officer there reports that it is un doubtedly a case of leprosy and a quantity of serum has been forwarded to Brisbane for examination. The Russian Government aro reported to have arranged for the immediate dispatch of two battalions of infantry and six mountain batteries, in addition to a detachment of Cos sacks of the Ura tribe, to a district within 80 miles of Chitral. In connection with the alleged baby-farming case, for which Minnie and Charles Dean are under arrest, an inquest was held at Inver cargill on Tuesday on the body of an infant. The jury returned a verdict that the infant was wilfully murdered. The London Daily Chronicle reports that Mr. William Abrahams, the representative of the Rhondda district of Glamorganshire in the House of Commons, has been offered the position of Government arbiter of the labor disputes in Australia. • Placards posted in Berlin invited all - the cripples of the city to communicate with;a; certain gentleman who desired to befriend them. The affair was thougnt to be a hoax, many of the halt and lame not troubling to apply. Those who had sufficient faith to make application received 12s. Gd. each by return of post. . The Sultan of Turkey has been the means of establishing 50,000 schools throughout. - his empire, not only for boys-but for . girls also. He rises at G o'clock every morning and devotes his days in the seclusion of the Yildiz Palace and Gardens to personal attention to all the affairs of State laid before him by'his .Ministers, 