v. " The Countess of Redwater is ex pecting us," said Belle to tlie footman, who opened the door and with that, followed by her sister, she walked into the ball and placed her umberella and dressing-bag upon an oak chair, Ada also depositing a leathern case upon the tiled floor. A b a tier came forward from some where near the staircase. " Her ladyship is at luncheon now," be said. " Did I understand you to say j that she was expecting you ?" I " Oh, yes ; it's all right," cried Ada patronisingly. " Wc have come to lire with her." " We may as well join her in the dining room," remarked Belle stepping in tbat direction, " and perhaps you will see our things brought in." The butler barred the way. " Her ladyship is not expecting any one to-day except her son, the Earl," he said solemnly. " I fear yon are the victims of a hoax. There hare already been three young American ladies here this morning, and each of them brought their luggage and said that the Countess had invited her. Lady Redwater knew nothing about any of them." | All the life and spirit went out of the two Western girls. Their faces paled, I heads drooped, and they stood in the hall, limp and nerveless, as though suddenly stricken by illness. I A horrible suspicion filled their minds. " May we see the Countess ? asked Belle, in a husky voice. " Her ladyship has been much annoyed by the occurrence," replied the servant; " but I will speak to her. You see," he added, in a confidential tone, " one per son this morning showed her ladyship a receipt for £400, signed by a supposed Lady Redwater, and callcd her ladyship a swindler." " We've got a receipt for £1,000," answered Ada ; " and the bit of paper it is written on seems to be ail we will get for tbat' thou.' " The cabmen were ordered to desist from bringing in the luggage, and the butler entered the dining-room to report the matter to his mistress. " Her ladyship will see you in the study," he said, after a couple of min utes' absence, leading the way to the room at the rear of the hall, and then standing by the door till a small, delicate looking middle-aged lady joined them. "Are yoa Lady Redwater?" asked Belle, dispensing with any ceremonious introduction, " or are there more than one ?" " I am the one Lady Redwater," was the reply. " My son is only nineteen, and has not yet thought of creating another countess. You have evidently been shamefully impoged upon. It is the most extraordinary thing I ever knew: five ladies, of whom I never be fore heard, all coming here to-day to live with me, and all having paid large sums of money to do so." " Yes, it is a swindle!" said Ada ; " but won't we go for Mr. Carblow !" " If you can find bim. He is not a solicitor, and his office is now vacant. The police arc after him. I am expect ing a detective here this afternoon. You might see him." " No, thank you. No publicity for me. Pa always said, ' Never kick over your losses,' and we never will. The en terprise of that man and woman deserve ail they have made. But I do wish they had made it out of someone else." " Then I fear I can do nothing." " You wouldn't care to have us come and stay with you a little while ? You see, I told a girl at the hotel we were going to live with you." Lady Redwater looked absolutely horrified at the idea, and said such a thing was quite impossible. The luggage was put back on the cabs, and the two young ladies from Denver gloomily re-entered the vehicle in which they had so joyfully jolted a little while before. " Back to the Victoria ?" asked the driver. " Not much !" answered Belle, with a little hysterical laugh. "Not within a mile of it! Go to the Langham." " How pa's ghost would grin if he knew of this!" said Ada, as the cab rolled through Knightsbridge. " Pa always did chuckle when anyone was done." Like the bright Americans they were, they thoroughly saw the humour of their own discomfiture. They are in Paris now, French society being more accessible to dollars than that of our own wealthy if effete aris tocracy. The Paris Herald gives a quarter of a column to their beautiful frocks from Doucot's and their Tiffany diamonds everv Sundav. 