SYDNEY FLYING SQUADRON. For from the least attractive of races was that ?ailed by the Flying Squadron yesterday, which, wan tho last on club's programme, i'avorad with a light north-east wind right throughout tho race tho boars were enabled to finish, iu good tiwo. The usual club's course was sailed for priies amounting to £10. Handicaps wero given at the start aa /lirhorf.n Thrt vaonlfa . ? First Heat. — Victor, 20ft (G. Holmes, sen.), tain. 1; Ida, 24ft (J. Si'Murtrie), scr. 2; Latona, 'it (Chris. Webb), ltmin, 3. Other starters: Our Own, 24ft (if. Langford), 'irnin; Ituby, IMS (U. Hoimes, jun. ; Stella, ISft (E. Yaie), aud Aztec 13ft (li. J. Cameron), 4^min: White Wave (H. Pritchard), 5Jmia. Shark lslaua waa tho first rounding point. 'White Wave and Stella soon after crossing tho line made a short board, whilst the others stood right out, weather ing Point Piper by some distance, with the excep tion of Aztec, which did not hold so good a wind, as her adversaries. She was the first to stay, but both liuby and Victor weathered on her. Yr lute Wave j kid Stella Bailing iu the former's wake were well to I windward oh the beat to the island. Both huc-ging tlia wind too closely wore quickly overhauled by Aztec, whioh had hitherto fallen behind, \ictor, which, had weathered on liuby, was the firet to leave the island buoy astern, followed at some little distance by Aztec, tYhito Wave, Scotia, Hnby, Our Own, Latona., and Ida in the order given, lopsails were in evidenoe on all the craft with the exception of White Ware. OS the Piio Light Ida got the better of Our Own, irliioli shortly after word. carried a bailooner oa tlia reach to the Taylor Bay flag mark in the endeavor to mako up some lost ground, but the move was not a successful, one. At the flag marie Victor had «. ine load, which she had maintained from the taWuAl'Uoy. The order of the others when jibing vis-Etiby, Latona, Ida, Aztec, White Wave, and Our Own. After a close race between ijaeof the boats to tho finish, with evorv s.vail eir.re stitch in the wind, tho times were— Victor 4k ISmin lOsac, Ida ih 29min dlsec, Latona 4h 29miii Ksec, IZiiby 4Ii SOmiii 5o'sec, Azseo 4h iJOmin 59aec, I lVhiie Wave 4h 31min 20sec, Our Own 4h Slmin moc, tiud Stella 4h 31min 34sec. Second Hfcat.— vlliada, |lHft (T. Snowdon), omin, 1; Ellie, 22ft (F. Hopkinson), 2$min, 2 : iSsme p' 'u'' -kins), limm, 3. Other starters : Vriiha, 24ft (T. Colebrook, oil.), fminj Sidney Pearce, 24ft (H. Pearce), and Flying Fish, 2«t (llurlt Foy), lmin j Cygnet, ISft (F. l'ontey), itann ; Ariel, ISft (A. Kinniinont), 4}min ; 1 lying Foi, ISft (B. Walker), 7min. as in the first hotit, topsails ^?oro carried by all tut Ylyiug fish, and i'Jymg j?ox. Cyg net, Ellie, fcw WiJlia, soon alter starting, throw round to #et good weather positions. Flying Fox stuck to the leatl to the island, and no wonder, considering her start iTiuin), uud she wanted it, too. The order at thd buoy was: Flying Fox, Olinda, Ellie, tjguot, Estagrnldu, Sidney Pearce, Willia 1'hii.g Fish, and Ariel. The fast eighteen (Ar.elj nt tliU^ point might very rightly been considered not to have a ghost oi a chance, iind lier Crew might have saved vliecselves the trouble of hoisting their kites at tie 1 ay lor Bay flag-mark unless it were by way of practice, which they sorely iieeded. Olinda led by wrne distance from the others round tho flag-mark, * ji.:U were aU close on oue another's heels. The orJ«r of tne otliers was :— Kllie, Cygnet, Flyine u-n'- ^ney Pearce, Flying Fish, Willia, and Ariel. Kites, of course, were set tor the ran, aud in excellent display of saii-settiiiff it waB, too. The finishing times were:— Olinda 4h oSmm 40seC, .Ellie 4h .SUmin 51sec, Esmeralda 4h wmia 45geC, Cygnet 4h 41 inin Ssec, Wiliia 4h 41min Sidney Pearce 4h 4lmin 32sec, Flyini? Foi ih 41mm 52s ec, Flying Fish 4h 42min 20a«o, and Ariel 4h 43min 41sec. I Olinda, 18ft, 5min, £7 ... ... J Victor, 20ft, 3jjmin, £2 . ? ? 2 Ksmeralda, 22ffc, l^min, JE1... ... ... 3 Other Start4ro : Ellie, 22ft, 2}miri ; Latona, 22ft, ijmiti; and. Ida, 24ft, scratch. Latona did not ^together effect a good start, she being rather a tituvi uiiiclitb leeward of the line, consequently Biie nun a loiig way oil tlie lee of the others oa tho beat, to the islanu, and tacked when lMut irtidwiy to . that point, . as did also tilie arid liSmeralda. Lutoua stood on too fir. aud after throwing round, had to ease jar sheets before making the buoy, which was t'l round by Olinda, with plenty of room to spare Mtween herself arid the second boat. The order of the others was— Victor, Ellie, Usmeralda, Latona, 1 . Ina. Kllie's crew ran up an apology for a top wl, whicli p'robSblr accounted for her not carry S It from the start. aloft oii the reach to Taylor Ellie, under other cirausustances, might have ?iurod otherwise, as she appeared to have plenty of -}ecd in hfer. Olinda waB not interfered with onhor *iy to the flag mark, which— let it be suid to hor ''fit— she huccessruly jibed round a good mluuto a half aheiid of the others, which were not far iom one another, and which rounded the mark in ;oe .-ollowmg order.— Victor, Esmeralda, Ellie, Uloua and Ida. From masthead to water Surface -« was carried on tha final run, and I heed scarcely detail the Bails sported. An interesting 'Uish was witnessed between bho big boats, which '?lied to overtake Olinda beforo tha line was ttOB«ed. Before nearing home Esmeralda and Mctor opened out on the others, and both made an woit.ng race of it for second plaoe, Victor winnins. , 8 tnnes were' : Oimda 5h 2Umin 20secf, Victor 5h J'luiu 3Sec, Esmeralda 5h Slmifi 6^CC, Ida 6h £i2min I.atona5h 32mln osec, lillie 5h 32minasec. 