MOONSHINE'S" LAST LITLE JOB. Br SILAS SNKLL. ME. PEED EAT, sole manager, clerk, office boy and rouseahout of the local branch of the National Bank at Mooraloop, N.S.W., sat behind his office desk with his chair tilted back against the wall, and his heels hoisted up, lazily chewing the mitt of a cold cisar, and placidly day-dreaming. Mr. Fred Hay was a fair-haired, blue-eyed, boyish-looking manager, and he smiled with almost feminine sweetness at the thoughts that possessed him—thoughts mainly of a brown-eyed girl with thick, waving chestnut hair and moist, red, kissable lips. Those eyes, that hair and more particularly those kissable lips had occupied a good deal of the banker's attention of late. Business wasnever brisk at Mooraloop—nothing, in fact, was ever brisk at Mooraloop—but to-day the township seemed even more somnolent than usual. The side window of the bank on tbe left commanded a good view of the main and only street of Mooraloop—a street of few buildings, and as straight as a dog's hind leg. It now lay simmering in the afternoon heat, and not. even, a vagrant pig stirred amongst tbe dust on the neglected road. " Sir !" Ray started suddenly out of his delightful fancies, and assumed his best professional manner. A stranger was standing before tbe counter, a well-dressed, cleanly shaven, businesslike individual, not a bit like the bank's regular customers at Mooraloop. "Good afternoon to you." said the stranger, affably. " I am desirous of opening an account here. My name is Smythe. I intend starting in business in Mooraloop—general store, you know." lie spoke with a long, slow drawl, and all the time his keen, dark eyes were going over the place, not uuquisitivelv, but in a way suggestive of a mannerism in the man. Upon the counter under his hand, he held with apparent solicitude a black leather handbag. "Certainly, Mr. Smythe,"said Ray " Delighted to make your acquaintance." Mr. Smythe drew a key from his pocket, and opened his bag very deliberately. He slipped one hand in, and the next instant the bankmanager wa6 sta.ring down the long barrel of a bright new revolver, and the face of the man bohind it was set like iron, and a tigerish ferocity burned in his clear eyes. Fiel Kay was a plucky man, he thrust out his hand forward, and snatched open tbe drawer where his revolver lay.. The trigger of Mr. Smytho's weapon lifted ominousiv. and the eyes turned deadly. Ray was plucky, but he was not a consummate fool—he fell back a pace. " Put them up !" commanded the stranger, and Fred's bands went up over his head. " Don't attempt to fool with me, young man," said Smythe, quietly, but with vital emphasis, "or I'll scatter your brains against that wall. Back away towards your desk there, please." Ray obeyed, and whilst keeping him covered all the time with his revolver, the stranger clambered over the counter. He then drew a length of tough window cord from his bag. "Sit in that chair," he ordered. " With your back to me, please. Bring your hands behind. That will do nicely. Now move a fraction, or attempt a cry, and—" The pressure of a pistol barrel behind tbe manager's ear told him all he needed to know. Quickly, and as expertly as an old sailor, Mr. Smythe lashed his victim to the chair, so tbathe was incapable of even the '.slightest movement. After which a gag was drawn from the black bag, and deftly inserted between the young man's jaws. Then the stranger dragged Ray well behind the screen in such a position that he would be invisible to anyone entering the bank and left him staring helplessly at the window on the right, the blind of which was closed. Crossing to the other window Smythe adjusted the blind so that he could see anyone approaching the bank from the township side, and then, having arranged for a speedy retreat through the back part of the house, he went quickly but carefully to work to collect all the gold in the bank and deposit it in his black bag. Whilst the outlaw was fumbling with a bunch of keys at the big safe, outside, a young woman— a tall, slim creature, with brown eyes and a profusion of chestnut hair, and with cherry-red lips — stole a-tip-toe. towards the bank window farthest from "the townships .There was a roguish smile on the red lips and.,a jSbquettish light jn her brown eye as she crept" .to\the pane and peeped mischievously through -a frack in the blind. She expected to eee-a /pleasanter sight than that which met her glance, for her face went ashen pale in an instant, and the shriek that arose to her lips was only smothered with a great effort. She thought, perhaps, to see her lover dozing on his stool; what she did see was a grey face turned up towards her. a pair of eyes that met hers with an anguised glance and a form lashed about with ropes. The girl realised the truth in an instant, and her first thought was to call for help. Looking around she saw a big bay horse, with saddle and bridle upon him, standing amongst the saplings by the dog-log fence. "They are there now," she whispered. Then 6he did the unreasonable thing. She stole like a ghost to the front door of the bank and peeped in. Seeing nobody she crept yet further. She reached the counter, with a strange new courage in ber heart, but no idea as to what she wa6 to do to help her lover. She could now see the figure of a tall man in adark suit, kneeling before the safe, half-hidden by the screen. At the same instant hoi eye detected the butt of a revolver showing in the half-opened drawor on the other side of the counter. Swiftly and as noiselessly as a swallow she darted at it, and bad only just slipped to the floor again and hidden the weapon in the folds of her skirt when the stranger rose and confronted her. A savage oath was half blurted, and a fierce flush sprang to the man's face, but seeing only a pretty girl he controlled himself, and being as resourceful as he was daring he advanced towards her smiling, smooth- browed.and affable. "Can I do anything for you, Miss ?" he asked pleasantly, and with a,carefully assumed air of authority. ' The girl felt her limbs trembling, and her face growing pale and cold under his keen eye. " Mr. Ray !" she stammered. "Oh, our manager. He is out on the bank's business just nose, ^unfortunately; but if I can be of any assistance ijsba^lTae. most happy." "Throw up your bands.The often-heard formula came glibly from rtjjs^girl's tongue, but the revolver she pointed at'"' Smythe's breast quivered visibly, and her face bl/nched again. The outlaw breathed "n^pureg/; and snatching his six-shooter from his pocket' stepped towards her. There was a sharp report,'-aft/puff of smoke, and Smythe fell forward;' bis forehead striking heavily upon the counter. Be'"clawed vacantly in the air, his body slid along the edge of the counter, and fell heavily to the floor. The next instant the girl was behind the screen, cutting with a penknife at the manager's bonds, and a tew seconds later, when Big Brigly, from the Crow's Nest, came rolling in, he found Fred Riy bathing -the temples of an unconscious girl, and Gentleman Greoly, alias Moonshine, alias Smythe, bleeding upob the floor from a bad wound in the left shoulder. Mr. Smythe recovered to serve a life-6entence, and Fred Kay subsequently married a girl with chestnut hair, brown eyes, and red kissable lips. 