SERMON BY BISHOP CHALMIERS. REPLY TO CARDINAL MORAN. O0' Sunday roning Bishop Chalmors preached in St. S:viour's Cathedral to a large congroegation on "Tho Blessed Virgin Mary: the honour due to her," taking his text from S. Luke I., .4--" Behold from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed." The Bishop said :-The words of the text are, as you know, taken from the song of the Blessed irg'in Moary called Aciagngicatl. It is the Hymn of the Incarnation of the Son of God and the heart and centre of our evening service. St. Mary here places herl finger (so to say) on a startling con sequenae of the unique dignity bestowed upon hier by God her Saviour, that she shlould be the mother of the world's Divine Redeemer, and as such sihould live for over in the memory of mankiid. With the boldness of an assured faith i the promisec.s of God she surveys the future and predicts thie ex alted plane she is to fill in liauan history as the " Ohamber" where the Divine Word was united to human nature. " Ho that is mighty hath magni fled mo." Nineteen centuries h1vo passed away since then, and hero to-night we are witnesses to the fulfilment of her words. In a land then un knowsn to the world of civilisation, in a temple deodicated to the name of her Divine Son, we are met together to speak of the honour duo to her. Alase, that it should also be to controvert those falso and fiotitious honours which some Christian men have ventured to decree her. I determined, with God's help, to deal with this subject by way of supplement and conclusion to what I have previously said, for two reasons: First, because I feel the insuffi ciency of merely negative teaching. If it be needful to oppose error it is even more need ful to build up truth. If we iknow what we do not believe we ought to know with equal certainty what we do believe. Secondly, because Cardinal MIorau, with his customary recklessness of state ment, has deolared that we "display no senti ments towards the Blessed Virgin but those of enmity and hatred." What I have to say about tie honour due to her wil sufficiently answer that. Cardinal Moran seemns to me to have a terminology of his own. What he calls sentiments of onmity and hatred most sensible men would probably call sentiments of reverence and regard. But before I proceed with my propIer subject there are someni other statements of his to whlich I desire to cell" attention. I want you to notice his method of debate, how dexter ously he ovades the main point at issue, and dis tracts attention from it by raising small side issues, 'which to some extent are related to the main point, but do not materially affect it one way or the other. Takto, e.g., his outcry against my translating the Latin word ".Diva" by" goddess" in the inscription found on a picture of the Blessed Virgin in the Cathedral Church of Munich. He first endeavours to invalidate its witness to Roman Mary-worship by laying the responsibility for pioture and inscrip tion on the shoulders of some " fool" (to use his own word) of a German painter. Unfortunately *for this evasion, everyone knows that neither picture nor inscription were placed where they are without the consent and approval of the cathedral authori ties, with the Archbishop of Munich at their head. I might as well suggest that rome "'fool" of a sculptor was responsible for setting up the reredos which adorns the east wall of our chancol. Then Cardinal Moran adjures me to withdraw my render ing of " Diva" by " goddess " and substitute for it "saint" or "blessed." I am afraid that he has not set a good example in this direction by with drawing statements made by himself which have been proved incorrect; but in this instance there is no misstatement. He knows as well as I do that Divus dr Dira is equivalent to Deus or Dea, and that the primary meaning is "a god, a goddess, a deity." No coarse language on his part can alter that fact. But it is also an epithet given to deified men, deceased Roman Emperors, for example. It is also used by metonymy, or figuratively, of any being of extraordinary excellencn. When used as an adjective it properly signifies " belonging to a deity," or figuratively, "godlike divine." It is quite trueo that in Church Latin it is sometimes used as a prefix to the names of apostles and others, and may then be translated "saint" or "blessed." I question, however, whether this use of the word is not based on the false assumption that they are i" diil," or " godlike," because now reigning with Christ in heaven. But apart from this, when a word has more than one meaning its proper signifi cance in a particular place is determined by the context. What is the context hero? Tie inscription runs thus: " 0, Thou, who art alone able to turn away the wrath of the Divinity, O Dira, defend us with thy Virgin .help."* It is affirmed, observe, that St. Mary is alone able, has sole power, to turn aside the wrath of God from sinful men. This is what the inscription says. But what does Holy Scripture say ? It tells us that Jesus Christ alone has done and does this. Being now justified by His blood, we shall be saved from wrath through Him (Rom. v. 9.) And why is Ho able to turn away God's wrath against sin ? Because He is Himself God. Wereo He merely man He would not be able, for ' 'no .man may deliver his brother or make agreement unto God for him" (Paalm 49, v. 7.) No, nor is any woman able; however pure or blessed or ex alted she may be, she must " let that alone for over." But if, as the inscription affirms, she is not only able, but " alone able," what then ? She must be as the Lord was-Divine. Whore Divino power is asserted a Divino title is appropriate. I siy, therefore, that in this connection " goddess " is a legitimate rendering of " Diva." But let us allow, for the sake of argument, that Cardinal Moran's contention is correot. What 'then P The real question at issue is not in the least affected by a mistranslation of a Latin word. TIhe question is-Are attributes and powers as signed to St. IMary which properly belong to God and His Christ ? and are the nsame kind of prayers addressed to her, aned the same kind of hynmn sung in her honour, as are addressed to the Holy Trinity ? Cardinal Moran las nlever touched this question. IIo las not even denied that it is so. I will add another proof of it from Bernardino do Bustis, the reputed author of the " Oltico of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin," ap proved by Pope Pius IV, and still, I believe, used occasionally in Roman Clsurches. In his bookcalled " Mariale," speaking of the Blessed Virgin he says-" So great is ler glory that she oxeecdeth the nature of angels and men joined together as far in glory as the circumference of the firmament cxceedeth its centro in magnitude when she under utandeth herself in her Son-to-be, as His other self, clothed with Deity." Will Cardinal Moran undertake to explain thlis statement ? I want to say a word about another side issue: the ancient frescoes and paintings found in the catacombs and elsewhere. As far as I know, no one has doubted or denied the existence of repro aentalions of St. eMary and other saints dating almost (not queite) from the apostolic age, at any rate previous to the fourth century: what is doubted and denied is Cardinal Moran's inferences from them. In an English work by two Roman Catholics (Hosers. Northboto and Browlinw) t fuell account is given of them. Cardinal Moran has neserted that thleas frescoes and paintings prove that "honour and devotion to the Blessed Virgin hold the petno place among Christians then as it holds among Roman Catholics to-day." Hoehas asesorted this, but assertion is not argument, muchl less is it proof. He has not even tried to prove it, nor could ho if he tried. He might as well say thlat tl representations of St. Mary and other saints in some modern English Churches prove that we invoke them after the manner of Rnome. Now I will make an assertion: I assert that during the first four Christian ceuturies the worship of St. IMary as now' practised in the Church of Itome, and as upheld in some of the theological anud devotional works of her approred writers, had moither name, nor place, nor existence in tihe Catholic Church. Cardinal Newman tells us that " there was in the first sges no public and eaclemiastical recognition of the place which (in his judgment) St. Mary holds in the economy ofgroce."t Not only so, but Holy Scripture is ignorant of it, midnoitlherfrescoesnor otherpiotured representations of the saints, nor the writings of tihe groat teachers of Christendom give countenance to it. Car.linal Moran, indeed, has given us two quotations which he attributes to S. Augustine ao the end of the fourllth century. The one is--"Thou only hnast crushed allheresies, 0 holy mother of God!" The other is a prayer addressed to St. Mary. About these quotations I should like to ask a questiol : In what work of S. Augustion are they found ? Is it amnongi his genuine writings, or is it in sorme other writing, once assigned to his name, but whilch critical editors of the Roman Communion hare since classed as spurious? Perhaps Cardinal Moran may find it convenient to reply to this question. Should he do so I would venture to suggest that in doing it 'there is no occasion for any imputation of blad faith ; nor need he garnish his reply with any of those vulgar rhetorical pleasantries which he seems to think so effective. A theological dis. putant of his standing ought to be above that kind I intended to speak at some length on what Cardinal Moran calls " the bright and illustrious roll of Bishop and Archbishops . . . . men noted for genius, integrity, and learning, who have reonounedAnglicanism" and gone over to Renoms ; btt I find I must be very brief. Hoe gives a list of nine names-three Archbishops and six Bishops, who, during the last three centuries and a half, Iold sees in England, Ireland, Scotland, and the United States of America. Out of these wldely-scattered nine I couc.ot find any' evidence ewhatever that four became RIoman Catholics at all. Of the remaining five two woro educated as Roman Catholies, of lhomn Arclhbislhop Mtgrath, of Caslel, in Ireland, was oie. IIo hald been a Franciscan friar and had, asa tRoman Catholic, becn Bishop of Down. He .professed to join the Reformation movemnct, aed for fifty- two years, till his death, he held sees in the Reformedi Church. He died at the age of one hundred, and apparently in his last hours went back to Rome. For his scandalous misconduct in the See of Cashel he is described as a " wicked" Bislhop. This is one of the men said to be " noted for genius, learning, and integrity." WVo gladly make a present of him to the Roman Church. The one listorecally " bright and illustrious " name mentioned by Cardiial Moran is that of Archbishop Ussher, Primate of Ireland; It is news indeed that he died a Roman Catholic. His last year. were spent, and he died, in England, and was by Oliver Cromwell anecorded a public funeral in Westminster Abbhey. The service of the Eng lish Church was read over his remnains. After this I do inot think it will do for us to concede the Roman claim to be the only,'truo interpreter of history. One more point beforol pass on. Iam described by Cardinal Moran as being "jubeilant" when I find anything thabt may seem to tell against the teaching of the Roman Clhurchl. 'Io does not quite iunderstand the attihtdo of devout and iistraoted English Clhurclhmenn. It may be our duty, lwhen attacked by Roman controversialists and in defence of Catholic trulh, to point out the corrupt additions to tho faith and the superstitions practices current in tihe Roman Communion, but is as painful and unwelcome a duty as I know. We recogniso in her the largest section of Christendom. We admire her missionairy zeal, the learning, the sanctity and devotion of many of her members, her manifold forms of re ligious energy, her bold stand in the cause of Christian education. WVith the for nmal doctrinal statements of some of her authorized formulas we disagree; but for the per nicious errors of her practical and devotional system we feel the most sincere soarow, because we see in them the chief hindrances to any reunion of Christendom. Our attitude towards the Church of Rome is not that of rejoicing in her mistakes, but that urged upon us half a century ago by saintly John KSble : Speak gently ofur sister's fall, Who knows btol? gonr, love ntay win her, at our pationt call, Tile surer way to prove. I hope that all candid Roman Catholics will try and understand this. But it is more than time that I began to deal with onrpropersubject-"The honloumr due to our Lord's Itother." It nay be well to inquiro-first, if we can discern how the system of itary- worship now current in the Church of Rome came to grow up. "The works of Christian art curiously exhibit the progress of this perversion. ... . The first pictures of the early Christian ages simply represent the Woman. By-and- byoe we find out lines of the Mother and the Child. In an after ago the Son is seen sitting on 'e throne, with the Mother crowned, but sitting below Him.i In an age still later the crowned hMother is on a level with hler Son. Later still, the MIother is on a throne above the Son. And lastly, a PRmish picture represents the Eternal Son in wrath about to dostroy the earth, and the Virgin intereesor interposing, pleading by signifi cant attitude her maternal rights, and redeeming the worldfrom His vengeance." I quote this from a well-known writer.+ I cannot now enter into a discussion of the causes of this portentous develop mnoent of error; suftico it to say that it seems to have arisen from a gradual failure of faith in the perfect humanity of Christ. The virtues of the man-wisdom, power, justice, were ascribed to Him; the virtues of womanuhood-- purity, gentleness, love (equally essential to the perfect idea of humanity), were assigned to His blessed Mtother. I am not speaking by guess when I say this. From the thirteenth century at least some such par tition of thie Kingdom of the Eternal God and His Christ found favour with theologians. Johnl Gcrson, Chancellor of the Uni versity of Paris, speaks of power and mercy as the two parts or winloI tod'os Kingdom consists, and he affirms that " whilst power remained with the Lord the part of moroy was ceded to thie Mother of Christ." So Gabriel Biol, in his 80th lecture on the canon of the mass, " The Heavenly Father, inasmuch as Ho has justice and morcy as the moro valued possessions of His kingdom, retaininm jus tice to Himself, granted mercy to the Virgin Mother." In Alphonso Liguori's " Glories of Mary " we read-" Jesus, being no less our Judge than our Saviour, He must avenge the wrongs we do Him by our sins ; while the Holy Virgin, being solely our advocate, is obliged to entertain only sentiments of pity for us." And again-" The Father gave all judgment to the Son, and the whole office of mercy He gave to the mother." In a modern French devotional writerj we read-" We are very unworthy to draw near unto Jesus, and He has a right to repulse us because of His justice, since, having entered into all the feelings of His Father since His blessed resurreotion, Ho finds Himself in the same disposition as His Father to wards sinners-that is, to reject them-so that the difficulty is to induce Him to exchange the office of judge for that of advocate, and of a judge to make Him a suppliant. Now, this is what the saints effect, and especially the most blessed Virgin." You see on what a foundation of vain and false imaginations the wholo superstructure of IMary worship is built up. If these statements be true the invitations and promises of the Holy Gospels, the exhortations and encouragements of the apos tolio epistles, are one and all a cruel delusion. I thank God that wo have not so learned Christ. I thank God that we of the Church of England be lieve in a Heavenly Father, not an implacable sovereign, in One who Himself loves us because we love His Son, and we have believed that He came out from God. I thank God 'that we have been taught to believe in the comfortable word--" If any man sin we have an' Advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ tile liglhtcos. He is the propitiation for our sins," and " He ever liveth to make inter cession for us." But what about His Blessed Mother ? We love the mother for the sake of the Son, but we do not adore her. WVo honour her memory, but we do not implore her Virgin help. We regard her as a blessed saint, a holy Virgin. We pray for grace to follow her example of faith and poverty of spirit, of meekness and obedience ; but we do not set her up to mediate betwixt our souls and Christ. We honour her according to the teaching of Holy Scripture, the testimony of the' primitive fathers, the practice of theo Catholio Church in the first ages; but we do' not worship her. Year by year we celebrate her memory in the Festivals of the Annunciation and tho Purification. Weo record her blessedness day liy day in the Mtagnifica, but we do not call her meoditrees, or eo-redemptress, or the authoress of our salvation. We acknowledge her as the 'theolokes, whose incommunicable dignity it is to be the mother of Him who is God. We venerate in her those God- bestowed graces of faith, humility, and obedience which enabled her, under circum stances most startlitng, to submit herself unre servedly to the Divine will and to become a volhu tary agent in the redemption of the world. But, lest I should be suspected of exaggerating what the Church of England teaches, let me quote two brief passages from two of our standard writers. " We cannot," says Bishop Pearsoei, "bear too reverend a regard unto tihe mother of our Lord so long as we give her not that worship which is due to the Lord Himself." I now quote from Bishop Hall " How gladly," he says, " do we second the angel in the praise of her wito was more ours than His ! How justly do we bless her whom the angel pro nounced blessed I How worthily is she honoured of men, whom the angel proclaimed beloved of God! O blessed Mary, we cannot honour thee too much, who deifies thee not. That which the angel said of thee thou hast prophesied of .thyself : we believe the angel and thee. All generations shall call thee blessed, by the fruit of whose womb all generations are blessed." "I think there is no occasion for me to say more. I have sufficiently vindicated tlhe teaching of the Church of England from the wanton aspersions cast upon it, and I trust that I have shown also (to use tile words of St. Bernard) that " we only detract from the real ionourof our Lord's mother if. we invent or subslituto false and doubtful honours." Our hdarls' desiro, as peace-lovinig Christians, is that it may please God, of His infinite mercy, to heal tho .breoaclhe of Zion and restore, its wastes, so that throughout all the earth therb may be one Lord and His Name one. But we have alrb to remember that if we trust in Jesus Christ as our only Lord and God, our only Saviour, the only Refuge of our sinful souls, the Supreme Objeoteof our. affections, and our one Hope in the hour of death, we may not dally with any system of wor ship and devotion which seems to introduce a divided affection and a divided. confidence into our hearts. "Wo dare not, I say, divide our affections, our hopes, and our prayers between Jesus our Lord, true God and true Msan, and any other, even though that other ho His own holy Mother, whom all generations shall call blessed. For what saith tho Holy Ghost: "In none other than He is there salvation: neither is there any other Name than His under heaven, that is given among men, wherein we must be saved." (Acts Iv., 12). feor. F. v Robertsn--Soerimons , 2id series, xrlr. §M. Olier, touudor of tle Seminary of St. Sulpice. 