[HOWELRST PUBLISHED. ALL QUEEHSLAHD EIGHTS EESBjtFHD.] By MRS. J. SUXSTED, Author of "Dr. 3rimi ir'Arthnr," "Xa/Manj-Iiands," "A Stray of Old Cairo,'** &o; ) ATT.ni ST£VENBON,,yDu're, The-very man X wanted, to; see,*' exclaimed John Chap man, as lie shookiiands with; a~tall fine-looking man,.near the capitalof .Kew ZeaEn^ . • ""Ah!- anything hbw '"turned up then?"' niked his friend. "Tes; Ihaxejustrecdv^informationfrom. <nxr agent in Jlunedin to the effect that the Clarence, -with a mixed cargo on "board, leaves for Tasmania -next "week, calling at theTdac- ; quaries en route, to leave provisions for the people engaged in the seal fisheries .there. So,; • 2 jon arestiHinthe same mind about -seeing r theislands on your way home, this is just the very opportunity for yon." '"lly-Jovey how lucky, eh? Unt what sort • ■of craftiflshe, Chapman? Of course,I don't' anindronghing it myself, but my wife has to ' T» considered, yon know, and I Should not like ^ ler to he "uncomfortable:" " Oh, yonneed not be uneasy onihat score,1'; •replied Chapman, promptly, "The Clarence is; h smartveiael of about 500 tons-register, hand-. eomely.fiited wiih all the .mudern appliances j •for coihfort and convenienoe. Moreover, I; don't think. Mrs. Stevenson wonldlike-to miss I a sight of the Ifacquaris, even at the cost of-a little inconvenience:" ~~ ^ ".E0, yon areright there," laughed the fur ?! gfiant. ;j . . And it was settled off-hand that they would]; •Baffin the" Clarence,of which steamer Captain!1 Axelsoh was commander and part owner. Otto*Stevenson had only been married a little ! over a year. -Eiswife, besides being rich, was* young, beautiful, well connected, and very; \- much .in dove with her husband, who was in ; . .'tarn devoted to his gentle dark-eyedMay. . They had left England with a party of friends to "do" the Antipodes, and after ^brmsing about among the Eriendly Islands, mnd;exploring the marvels of Maomaod, they •were now.homeward hound, their friends hav ing preceded them. The desire to see the; ■\Macgiiaries and£hc seal fisheries was a .mere • whim of these "happy idlers, and as there was really nothing to prevent them from gratifying It, they sailed from the Bluff one glorious;! morning about the middle of ^November, bent upon doing so. -j But, "Thomme propose el X)Ieu dispose," .asalasl they wereto find to their coh ere that • voyage ended. The accommodation on The Clarence proved .... .all that could be ^desired. The captain was a *fme specimen of the hardy navigators who saw. . plenty "of rough service in the southern seas'in the-olden time. The Stevensons were the only •passengers, andSay was well pleased vnihher . .quarters, and also with the smart little cabin . boy—a nephew of Captain Aidson's—whose • k - /handsome appearance and bright' intelligent . vface immediately ."took The lady's fancy; so r Oscar was at - once assigned the part of special 3>age,"to~ihe lad's-great delight, for he wished .nothing better than/To fetch and carry for the Tovely girl whose gentle ways and -sweet voice \- ."had qiiickly wonhis heart. The time passed pleasantly,- "beguiled by many a tough yarn 'spun "by the captain, who possessed a never . filing store of such. " I suppose, captain, in the early whaling -days yon would occasionally . go pretty '.far; "south r" remarked Stevenson, one day. . " Aye, andsome narrow squeaks I have had' • 'among the ice I can tell ycu. "Why, X was •. once wrecked on a berg, and came very nearly being devoured by an ugly brute of a .Polar • bear, who chanced to shore the same'ihhospit ableqnarteis." "ByGeorge! how'did it nappen ?" "Well, it was a goodish number of years ago, when I "was mate of a whaler sailing in "these waters. SeaLThad got to be very" scarce ■ onthe.New.Zealahdcoast, and that year we; "Imd tried aB onr'usual haunts with very poor /remits.-.-Ourvessel was aVbrig, the Austral, anfi the. captain was considered one of the smartest skippers sailing these seas in search of seals and seal oiL We were down on our lock, 'and inclined to grumble. However, the cap* .tain had a consultation with the crew as to what was to be done, for he was determined not to go~backwith such a poor cargo. . " We all agreed with him, and offered to go wherever he liked, as he said he knew where there were furs and oil in plenty, for men 'daring enough to rim the .risk. '^Any.notion of going after them with -such vessels hs ours was unthought of amongst Australian sealers. We were a bold, devil may-care set of fellows, you sec, although I \- -believe a finer, crew' never trod a Ehip's,planks, mind yon. Anyway, we were all game; so we tripped anchor with a smart nor-easterly breeze, and the Austral just settled to hei*work beautifully, with every stitch of canvas draw ing. . " On the fourth day itcaroe on awfully cold and we had to. keep a sbaip look ont ahead for . 'ice from the mast head. (Inwards afternoon a liiaziness came up.over the southern horizon, ■ and spread over tjbe sky. We could not make out the reason of this, but the captain under • .stood it well enough; we were nearing the ice. "THiat night when! went on deck I was surprised by the change in the atmosphere. It had been cold and pretty dark before, but it had now doubled. ".The coHwas intense, and thedaikness -Bimplj awful.' It was posifcivdy painful to gtrnin Tour right,'to 'look ahead through the blackness of the night,' and M reckon I felt something- like .fear creeping over me. . "I went, forward, and was just raising my self bj "holding on to fhejibboom stay to get a long look ahead, when I was struck with the loom of-something which seemed blacker even ~than the night, and the next instant, before I had time to "frW a sound, I was all but thrown from my position by a shock. I did not fall, however; I held on with both hands to the stay, until I felt that what I stood on was giving way. "We had struck something with all the impetus,of a ten-knot breeze. I felt myself falling, and made a leap forward, grasping something cold as I alighted, to which 1 held on, you may he sure. - "Ituraed to look at the bog, whose spars seemed close to mefora moment, I 'saw the flash of light from the binnacle for an instant; the next, it was gone. "Watching the sudden disappearance of the brig, I had not thought of my own position; now, however, I put out my hand to gain a firmer hold, and grasped something deadly cold, and slippery as glass; the truth flashed over me in an instant, and the shock almost made me fall backwards. I was cast away, mid not on a rock or an island, but on an ice berg. We had nraagainst one in the darkness, 'and had been crushed by the contact. " The Austral and her brave crew had gone down with never a cry into the blackness of that frozen sea. I turned rick at the thought, and lost my senses. When I came to myself it was broad daylight, and as soon as I could muster-courage I took a survey of my position. I found to my horror that I had been "thrown upon a narrow ledge than ran round an immense iceberg. Above rose a perpendicular cliff of slippery ice,' below and around lay the desolate ocean, with mo sign of Kfe save a few birds. • % . " Believing myself doomed to a lingering death, on awful agony of despair came over me, -and I thought I should go mad. Housing myself, I managed at last to get on my feet, and holding on to the wall as well asl could, I •crept cautiously along to where there was a bend in the iceberg, round which I thought I might find a safer porition. I reached the -comer, and was about turning it, when to my dismay I saw, a few yards ahead, a huge .;Polar bear. He was sitting upon his bind quarters upon the narrow ledge, faced •me with a savage look in his • hungry, red eyes that made my blood turn cold. He .growled fiercely, and getting on his feet came "towards me. I sprang back, and managed to get ronndihebend somehow.. Of -course I knew I hadn't the ghost of a chance to defend myself against the attack of a hungry ■bear. However, I drew, my clasp knife, and waited in horrible suspense for the brute's -appearance, lie seemed a long time in comxi w, but his -great Eize made it no easy matter for him to get round the bend to the narrow ledge on 'which I was crouching. But at last he came, and my heart seemed to stop heating as I saw, .first ins black muzzle, then his white furred nose and red eyes appear round the < comer. I wanted to yell, hut I couldn't, as he hove gradually in sight like a ship on the horizon, and came on without ever quicken ing his pace. X knew my time had. come, and if the ugly brute had only made a spring the agony would not hare been half so intense. But, by George! not even the most oonrageous of men could watch such a death advancing on him like a funeral dirge without feeling, cowed. X dropped on my' knees and covered my face with my hands. I heard his^sbufSing tread on the wet and slip* peryice, and I thought I felt his hot breath on my face. Then I must have lost coacious ness. . " When I came to myself again, you ,may 'guess I was bewildered, "for 1 was in the ham mock of a whaling ship.- It seems the great weight of the bear had broken. the ^hin ledge of ice, and we had fallen into the sea tor gether.. I»uckily for me it happened just at the right moment, and I was picked up in sensible by'the boat. The dead bear wait seen floating near by." 