CHILDREN'S COLUMN. THE BEVERLEY GHOST. [By Jenny Moe Blukeslec.] Tile old Beverley place was haunted. Al least that is what everybody said, and whee "everybody)" says a thing is so of course it ic so, especially iu a little town like Elliston. T here certainly was a singular melancholy air brooding over this old mansion, although it had been deserted only for about five years. Tho heir to the property, young Henry Beverley, had gono ubroad ou the death of his father, leaving the placo unoccupied, and his Blay had been unexpectedly prolonged. The house was a stately structure of stone, and would seem a safe place in which to store the valuables that, according to rumour, had keen left lhere- old family plate, rich maho- gany furniture, and costly bric-a-brac Reports of all this had aroused the spirit of covetous- ness in thc breasts of at least thc less scrupulous of the neighbouring villages. A rumour, howover, that the late Mr. Beverloy's shade made nightly visitations to guard his son's possessions had probably so far kept away these would-be burglars, if they existed. Farmer ßagstock stood one August after- noon in thc doorway of Mr. Sinydio'a little store-one of tho kind that keeps thc whole range of necessities from muslin to mowin? machines. His thin saw-like features wore au expectant expression, and his eyes were lightened by a look of cunning and greed as he occasionally glanced donn the road. Funner ßagstock was not rich ID thhi world's gooda, and tho nat ure of his efforts to become so might, it is feared, damage his prospects in thc next. His patient, waiting was at last rewarded, for a long lank figure presently appeared far down the stree' evidently making for Mr. Suiylhe's establiubinenl. When this individual, known as Hoke Simpkius, mounted the steps the farmer greeted bim in a rather surly way. " Ben uaitin' long enough, I should think." "Couldn'tgit herc no sooner, 'pon my word," respouded Hoke apologetically. After a word or two with the talkative storekeeper Bagstock bestowed a wink upon his friend, dud suggested that tbey " walk down the road u piece." Hoke complied, and presently they left the highway and entered a small piece of woodland. Following the course of a brook for Borne distance they reached an immense oak tree, and seated themselves underneath it. The surrounding underbush and the oak's thick trunk concealed them from thc view of anyone who might chance to pass along by the stream. A short time before this James Stokes, one of the village boys, came down to the brook to try his luck, at trout-fishing. Thc afternoon was sultry and rather cloudy, and it was probable that the fish would bite if there were any there. But these contrary trout evidently turned up their noses at tho tempting flics, and at last he gave up in despair. But Jimmy would not relinquish nil hope of a "catch" Íet, so he wandered further up the stream, le walked quite uoiselcssly for fear of scaring the tish, and at last halted just at tbc back of a largo oak tree. Belore he had had time to cast his fly Jimmy beard the sound of men's voices speaking iu low, cautious toucs. Now, he was a typical small boy, and of a shrewd and inquiring turn of mind, so he dropped quietly down on the bank and listened screen- ing himself from- possible observation by getting behind a largeetump. Soon he caught a Bencence which made bim hold bis breath to hear more. " Waal," slowly said a voice which he could not st 6r«t recognise, " the only thing is we'll Imf ter break a winder. I found everythin' fastened when I skirmished round t other night." " It'nd make an awful racket breakiu' the glass, ' ("would be better to take a pane out, I reckon," answered the other man. Jimmy was quite certain that this sneaker was Hoke Simpkins. " Voss, it might," said the other, medita- tively ; " that big winder at the end of the ball." " Folks say there's piles o' silver and things worth a heap o' money. How I'd like to get holt on it 1" And Jimmy knew that Farmer Bagstock had spoken. " Don't see why we can't cut out a pane right nuder the ketch. Then we c'o raise the winder in a jiffy." " Waal, it might do that way," answered Bagstock. " What d' ye say to next Monday night ? That ain't too soon, be it ?" Hoko said he thought not. "Then," went on the farmer, "we want dark lanterns, and," with a chuckle, " I don't think un old mealbag or floursack Vd be onhandy. Wc could git there about nine, cut thc pane août, then go off fur a spell, fur if anyone was alookin' it Vd throw em off the scent. After a consid'ablc space we could sneak back aud git in. Thar, how's that for a schomc ?" tic finished triumphantly. "Fine," said Hoke admiringly. But ho added rather slowly, " Folks say old Bever- ley's spook's around there, y' know, but I ain't afraid, be you ?" " Spooks ! " laughed Bagstock scorufu'ly. "They ain't no Beeb thing. Ef there was they eouldn'l burt us." Both were rather silent for a morned, how- ever, after this brave speech, and soon the farmer suggested that they hod said enough for thc present, and might as well move on. They rose to leave their retreat, and Jimmy made himself as small as possible at the back of tho stump. As he was on the other Bide of the brook from the men, they passed by with- out seeing him, and were presently lost to his view. Thou Jimmy rose to bis feet, shook himself, looked urounil, and gave vent to dis feelings by a long whistle, and the exclamation, " Jiminy Ghrismns, if I conld only-" He stopyed short, seeming to remember that " discretion is the bettor part of valour," and that someone might be listening to hear what he was going to say. So be only walked away very slowly, almost forget ting to pick up his fishing tackle in MB absorption. On arriv- ing home he laid bis rod on the front porch, and, without lingering a moment, dashed across thc lawn, got through a hole in tho fence, and then ruccd across lots to the village store. He encountered bis bosom friend, Will Smythe, in front of his father's establishment, and greeted him excitedly. " Hullo, Bil) ? I've got something to tell Îou. Quick ! Come over to thc orchard ; can't wait a minute." Full of curiosity Bill followed Jimmy's lead, and they were soon tn their favourite haunt, an old apple tree. " Now," Baid Jimmy, " wait till you hear what I havo to, tell yon. Wilow ! It's immense !" Billy was breathless with interest, and Jim unfolded thc plot he bad heard. Will became as excited as his friend could wish, and ex- claimed : "Thc scoundrels! Can't we head them off?" " If we could only bit on something with- out letting anyone know. That miserly Bag stock ! Father always said he wouldn't trust him with a dime, and Hoke Simpkins would do anything Bagstock told him to. He's a coward, any woy." Bill was lost in thought. Suddenly he ex- claimed : " Hurrah ! I have it. Just tho tiling." In his eagerness he nearly fell ont of thc tree. When he managed to tell Iiis plan it mci with tremendous appUttsc from Jimmy. W hut cn mc of Will's bold inspiration remains to be Been. III. Monday evening was moonless, just the night for a reckless deed. Thc conspirators thought that they wore especially favoured. By nina both nore at thc .uiueticg-place, and repaired in silence to tho old .Douse. The night v ns one of thc kind that ghosts usually select for n promenade, ond this thought may have occurred to thc minds of thc farmer and Hoke. Each assured himself that such an idea was nonsense, but just thc same, this delicate subject wa» not mentioned. Tho window being found, Bagstock pro cecded to pr; out the pane. Theo both, after glancing cautiously about, stole away to Simpkins1 bouse, which was not far distant. It was fully an hour before they returnee? and viewed the window. AU was as they, had left it, and Bigbtock said in a lioe-rso whisper : " Now then, yon climb in first, * Hoke drew back a little. The howe, some- how, looked unusually dismal. " What you ain't afraid, be you ?" ejaculated the farmer. Hoke said, " Of course not," but for some unaccountable reason his voice shook slightly. He consented to be boosted up, and inserting his hand ip the opening, easily undid the catch and raised the lower sash. Both of them would have boen seized with consterna- tion had they imagined that but a shott time before other hands than their own had. made the samo use of this very window. Now, Hoke was an awkward youth, and in climbing over the sill his foot caught which very shortly deposited bim on the fleer, lins mishap added to his misgivings, but ho picked himself up and helped in the impatient Bag stock. They were now inside thc walls which sheltered thc coveted trcaurc. What to do next ? With the aid of their dark lanterns they groped along the hall, which ran from front to hack, as tu most old houses built iu tho coloniul style. Poor Hoke found his knees beginning to shake in a distressing manner. Auy corner might suddenly reveal something to strike them with terror. If he had not dis- carded his hat before entering it would have been ut present resting-on thc ends of bis abundant crop of hair. He was obliged ta catch hold of the farmer to steady himself, which called forth a growl from that quarter, for Bagslock was having all he could do to stifle Raine little misgivings of his own. " Where the dickens,' he muttered, " eau the things-" He stopped suddenly. The hall was wida as well as long, and they had now nearly reached the front- end. At one side sttod a large heavy chest, suggestive of riches stored, perhaps, in its depths. Near ic was et heap of furniture and rubbish. Bagstocfc had taken a stop forward, and almost had his hand on thc chest when his lantern flashed across some- thing. This "something" made his knees shake still more, his hair risc higher, and his eyes bulge out further than stoke's ever thought of doing. Scated on that very chest was an object in white, perfectly motion- less, its head evidently turned towards tho men. The farmer was transfixed with horror and what Hoke was undergoing at that moment may be imagined but not described. He only gave vent to a kind of howl, and dropped with a thud to the floor. Bagstock looked os though his shaky knees would oblige him to follow Hoke's example, when enddenTy thc figuse moved. It rose slowly, to its full height, raised one long arin, and pointing to the chest, said, in low, blood-curdling tones, " Yonder lies the treasure. Beware ! Touch it not, or, ye die ;" They waited to hear no more. Somehow they reached that window by a succession of bumpings and scrapings, and tinnily,, with: a Ïarticular heavy and empathic thump, Hoke ound himself on thc ground. Before lie could struggle up the farmer was on top-of him. After they had extricated themselves it dui not take long for both to put a good.half-mile between themselves and the haunted house. A rumour that two men bad nt temped to burglarise the Beverley House, bul nod been nearly frightened out of their wits by the famous ghost, and taken themselves off lu terror, caused much excitement in the village. The names of the two men no one seemed able to find out) but Bill Smythe and James Stokes had many a laogh in private over the sheepish look which the faces of Farmer. Bag stock au-> Hoke Simpkins alway* wore wrliea the subject of the burglary was mentioned; Harper's Round Table. 