"THE ONE MAID FOE ME." THE NOVELIST CHAPTER XXIX. A faint access of colour just tinged tho pale cheek of Huldah, and she sowed on for nearly half a minute in silence before she opened her lips to reply. How cool and trim Huldah always looked, Bethany was thinking listlessly — nothing seemed to ruffle her : her dress was almost as severely neat as that of a nun or hospital nurse. Basil, he recolleoted, when he first came amongst them, had once, in speaking of Huldah, described her as ' well groomed.' Yes the queer term fitted her precisely. ' About Diok, did you say, my pot 1 Oh, the business seemed to us so absurd altog ether — talking or writing about it would have been simply a waste of time 1 Wo forgot it as soon as possible.' ' Of coarse Dick Markham is nothing but an awkward good-natured boy — very much provincial,' remarked Bethany idly. ' Still there are plenty of honest men in the world somewhere, you know; and soma day, I suppose, you will marry, Huldah ?' ' Some women were never meant for marriage. I am one of them, darling.' That is not true, Huldah,' said Bethany, with a tired air. 'You will find the right man some day, or he will manage to find you.' CHAPTER XXX. Huldah at this time slept in a room adjoin ing Bethany's, so as to be near her always in the night; and through a large dark cupboard, saored to band-boxes, there was doors of communication betweon the two rooms. One night, when tho gibbous moon hung low in the sky, as Huldah was leaving her, Bethany called her back. Her father and cousin Liza, as was tbeir nightly custom, bad already kissed her, and was now gone to their rooms. Huldah too was then going to bed, had reached the cupboard door, when Bethany's voice arrested her on tho threshold and recalled her to the bedside. ' My darling, what is it V Bethany was sitting up again, her feathery golden hair all streaming about her shoulders, her forget-me-not eyes shining a little wildly ; but the light in them was one of joy not of fear. She put her arm round Huldnh'b nook and rested her forehead on Huldah's bosom. ' Huldah,' she whispered, ' I can keep it to myBetf no longer. You must hear it. For weeks — months — I have suspocted the truth — known it, I think ; but I have told no one. I have kept my happy secret. I have kept it all to myself. But now you may tell cousin Liza, and she will make father understand bow it is. Oh, Huldah Yes, it is quite true, Huldah — and— and Bnsil, when he knows, will come baok to mo now.' But August, with its mellow gold, slipped away Into September, and September in all its pensive glory, In turn faded into October —a gusty and gray October, with brown leaves frolicking along tho damp highway and stark boughs, cutting tho fierce low unset, naked before their time. Still Basil made no sign. The harvest-supper and dance had been held as usual at the appointed time in tho great north barn ; but Bethany, even as she Gad prophesied, took no part in the familiar scene ; for tho evening of the festival came ohllly and raw, with wild watery gleams in a windy sky, and Dootor Smith, when he felt her pulse, would not hoar of his patient's leaving the house that day, though he would now occasionally allow her to be carried down-stairs in her father's arms to rest a while by the fireside in the oedar parlour. Thither too the dogs made their way un bidden and bnaked in the fire-glow at tho feet of their young mistress ; Bang snoring aloud with his nose on his paws, and little Jinks catching rats as he sprawled and slept. And the leaden days went by — wont by — and still Basil made no sign. Some times in the dusk, when the sweet dim old room was quiet, and tho china twinkled on the sombre walls, and the shadows along the wainscot bobbed up and down, and the autumn wind, like a forgotten voice, cried in the wide blaok gullet of the ohimney, Bethany would stare into the red wood-fire and recall with a sinking heart Basil's last words— those last terrible words of bis which he had spoken in farewell — 1 If I am alive myself, and you send tor me I will aomo to you when you are dying— never Jjelpro I ' But bo did not mean it— of course he could not really mean it. He was deeply angered at the time, and knew not what he said. Ho would come to her quickly — as quickly as a human being could bring him — when once he should learn that she was indeed his own true wifo— the mother of his unborn child I And then she thought of Mariana in her moated grange and hor dolorous plaint of ' He cometh not,' which ceased not uithor by night or by day. 1 But weary as I am of wniting, I do not wish I was dead, like that forlorn unhappy creature in Tennyson's poem,' said Bethany, shaking her head slowly in tho red firc-glow, ' because Basil — tho old Basil— will surely come to me soon, and pardon the past for tho sake of the present. So the clouds will lift at last, and we shall bo happy together once more.' If tenderest care nnd over watchful minis trations had surrounded Bethany hourly in the days so laterly gone, the solicitude and ministering were redoubled now — if that were possible— since in had become known that her frail health was imperilled by cir cumstances unguessed hitherto, and that the time for her was approaching when sympathy and love are yielded ungrudgingly to a woman as hor natural dues. Hor father stayed with her whenever ho could, and called her fondly his own Tomtit ; Huldah was an angel in mortal guise, and cousin Liza almost one. As for Anne and Jane in the kitchen, they brought her posies from the dying garden ; while Snip, Bang, and Jinks, when opportu nity offered, slobbered her wax-like little band with doggy homage. It was so little that they could do, and they wanted to do so much. She was grateful for the tender loyalty of all, for Buffering had brought Bethany exceed ing low, and taught her a humility she had never known before ; but tho pain and the strain in the sweet blue eyes were very sad to see, the expression in them at times was so hopeless. Would Basil fail her in her oxtremity, after all 1 There came a night when tho wind piped at the key-holes and the blinds stirred ghostly in the romping draught. In the kitchen, according to Anne and Jane, lottere and winding-shoets appeared in the flaring candlo wicks ; and in the red.parlour the lamp burned dully one minute and gleamed up boldly and firmly the next. Once the door of a distant attic slammed and reverberated with a sound like a gunshot, and the hollow echo went rattling away through all the roomy passages of the old farm- house. It was some time in the small hours between midnight and dawn thatHuldnh, lying wakeful in her own bod, heard Bethany moaning and sobbing iu hers. She rose instantly ; and soon the weary head was pillowed on Huldah's shouldor. ' I have seon n ghost I ' said Bethany wildly ' Ho, no, ray pet; you've had a bad dream — nothing worse,' suggested Huldah sooth ingly. 'I will stay with you — shall II — until you feel sleepy again and then you won't be afraid.' ' It was no dream — I saw bim 1 I am cer tain of it, Huldah, He came nnd stood there at the foot of the bed,' said Bethany hysteri cally, 1 and I saw the ghostly orutches and all— distinctly. ' Yes, dearest, I know,' Huldah rejoined patiently, ns if she was reasoning with a sick aeliriouB child j 1 some bad dreams are very real— horribly real. Still, when tho morning comes, you know, as wo have tho daylight everywhere around us again, cheerful and reassuring, weunderstand then thatthey were only dreans — Ugly dreams — alter all,' 'Huldah, you are quite wrong. I had been dreaming, I grant. I was dreaming of Hestwood — our dear lost little Neatwood near Ealing common — and I awoke with a jump just as I thought that the cottage was sinking swiftly into the earth and I was going down with it. My eyes were wide-open then, and I knew that I was safe in my bed at home — at Goodman's Rest. I hoard the wind go galloping round the bouse, bellowing like a demon and tearing at the doors and windows. The blind Sapped and the tassel hit the wainscot j and I looked up, and he was there I It was only for a moment, though, and then he was gone, But, as plainly as I now see you, Huldah, I saw then the sorrow and reproach in Earle Thorndyke's eyes.' And Bethany wept heart-brokenly. 1 Oh, my little one, try to bo brave and reasonable — snoh things, believe me, could nevor be. Fanciful and superstitious people, with morbid imaginations 111 con trolled, will tell you impossible tales of the kind ; but no sane person — 1 ' You might preaoh until morning, Huldah gnd Jtm would not eonrlngo roti1 Bethany interrupted, moaning low and often. ' I have seen Earle Thorndyke, and he is dead. I know it. Ob, poor Earle I I loved him as if ho bad been my brother ; and Basil so loved bim too I' Huldah essayed to resume her wise remonstrance ; but Bethany, unheeding, continued hor lamentation. ' I understand now what ho came to tell me — I havo killed him, it is my fault I Tho blame and tho sin are all mine. He bad been grieving, Huldah, you see. Ob, I know bow deeply ho has grieved over — over Basil and me ; the severance, the breaking up of our borne, tho scandal tho disgraco I ThoThorndykcs, you know, are very proud. Crippled nnd weakened as ho was in health, ho oould not bear it — ho was not strong enough. The blow was too much, and it killed him. I am his murderess, Huldah— yes, surely I. It is I who have killed Earlo Thorndyko, no ono else ; and, ob, how thoy must hato mo, all of them, and wish that I had nover been born I' Huldnh for once in her life felt utterly powerless to create the sense of comfort eho so yearned to impart, As for horsolf Bbo could suffer and be strong, and, if necessary, meekly kiss the rod that chastened her. Tho wayward impulse and sensitive quick imadinings of a young untutored soul like that of Bethany's wore perhaps beyond the grasp of a philosophy at once so simple and unselfish as hers ; for of self tbore was not one particle in the naturo of Huldah Goring. In tbo morning Bethany was very ill. The fever and delirium returned — revived with threatening aspeot — and ruddy Doctor Smith, with puckered brows, looked exceed ingly gravo when he went up-stairs. One cry was for evor on her lips, morning, noon, and night— monotonously ; and, though she recognised nobody that was with her at any time, she importuned daily the aid of all alike. ' Find Basil for me, will you, and bring him here to me quickily — quickly, do you hear 1 I am very ill, you know ; I feel that I am. My bead is on fire, and the pain of it may kill mo. If 1 wore to die, Basil would be sorry ; because ho said that he would come to me when I was dying and if I sent for him, but nover before. So tell him that I am dying — you, father dear, or some one — and then he will come back to Goodman's Rest' John Goring, pocketing, so to spoak, his sonso of grevious wrong, his sturdy piido and his strong resentment together, wrote without delay a temperate letter to Basil. In brief, in his ' climbing sorrow,' the yeo man pleaded with the young man his son-in- law and uttered no upbraiding word. He asked hiin simply to be merciful for Bethany's sake, who oven as ho wrote was lying in the shadow of death, John Goring sent his letter to Nightingale Court, and Kemp the butler promptly forwarded it But it reached its destination a day too late ; for on the forogoing day Sir Henry Thorndyke, with Basil and Ronaldine had quitted Ems for England, bringing homeward with them the body of Earle. And at Goodman's Rest the heavy days went by, uncounted in the pain and gloom which bad taken up their abodo therein, no Basil coming in answer to Bethany's ory. Ere long, when the gathering shadows loomed thickest and her frail hold on existence was despaired of by those who loved her best, tho dreaded hour arrived unawares; and Bethany understood not, until long days afterwards, that the anguish of motherhood was meaningless for her. Born prematurely, the child never breathed — happily a dead blossom in this sad world. CHAPTER XXXI. We're young enough to wait, she said, Voiing enough to wait t Tho moon rays klistd tho jasmtno sprays Ahore the garden gate. But love Is tweet ana life is brief, 8aid ho, and ttrugo It Fate I So wherefore should we wait, sweetheart— Wherefore should we wait? 1 Thank you, Basil, And now sing 1 Good bye'— Whyte Melville's ' Good-bye.' ' 1 It is so sad, my darling.' ' Nover mind ; I am in the mood for sad things— life itself is so sad. Bug it, dear, ihg it.' And so to humour her he sang it. Falling leaf and fading tree. Lines of white In a sullen tea, Shadows falling on yon and me i The swallows are making them ready to Uy. Wheeling ont on a windy sky — Good-bye, Summer I Oood-bye I Good-bye I Both I a volts from far away I Listen and learn. It aeoma to say j All the to-morrowe ahall be ea to-day. The cord la frayed, the cruse la dry, The link maet break, and the lamp mttat die— Good-bye to Hope I Good-bye t Good-bye I What are we waiting for? Oh 1 my hoart t Kiss me straight on the brows, and part, Again, again, my heart I Whet are we waiting for, you and I? A pleading look — a stifled cry— Goud-byo for ever I Good-bye 1 Good-bye I The November afternoon was dismal and inanimate ; what feeble light bad graced the day was now declining rapidly. The garden trees were reeking with moisture and dripped audibly upon the shed wet leaves beneath. The river meadows in the dan perspective had not been visible senco the month sot in. Do you know, I sometimes think, Basil, when you sing that littlo eong of yours— not ' Good-bye,' said Bethany's plaintive weak voice presently from tho great old shadowy half-tester wherein Bbe lay propped np among the pillows, listening to Basil's whispered music, for it was littlo more — 1 that, if we had waited, say a year or two, before we thought of marrying, it would have been better for us both in the end ? I — I think I was too young, Basil — too young and inexperienced in — in worldly things to comprehend rightly, as a wife should, the seriousness and the reality of married life. I should have been evor so much wiser porbaps in a year or two, you know.' He had left his seat at tho piano and was kneeling by the curtain at the bed-bead. He locked his arms about her as he answered— 1 When you are well again ray darling we will help each other to grow wiser as wo grow older. Hand in hand, Bethany we will learn the lesson of our new life together.' ' I like to hoar yon say that, dear,' she said dreamily, then turned her lovely sad eyes upon him searchingly. ' Basil, do you honestly believo, then, that I shall get well V she asked. ' Of course I do— in time,' he told her, yet not perhaps so steadily or cheerfully as he tried. ' My dear one, I pray God to grant it, and — and I believe that He will. Betnkny, sweet, oh, you must get well, for my soke. Bethany, I love you. I want yon. I could not live without yon now. Darling, remember that— always try to think of that — and health and strength must suroly return, because, yon know, love is strong, as death, and why should it not be stronger i' She twined her fingers thoughtfoUy in his hair. How light and unsubstantial upon his head felt that gentlo caressing touoh 1 And to think that you have been ataying hero at Goodman's Rest for more than n week and that I did not know who you were until the day before yesterday I' She looked into his eyes very wistfully. 'I thought I should have known you dirootly ; for you wore nover out of my brain, Basil — never for a second ; sleeping or waking, the thought of yon was with me; and H uldah says I was crying for you constantly, I do not wonder, because I wanted you so, And did father meet yon kindly, dear t I used to bo so frightened lest he shonid be stern about it all — he is so fond of me, you know— and there should be a bitter quarrel between you I' ' He met me mora kindly than I deserved, I think,' Basil said, with bowed head, her fingers still wandering ovor his bair. ' But, dourest, wo will not speak of the past just now ; we will not talk of ' 'Yes, we will ; I want to speak of it,' she insisted. 1 1 am quite strong to-dny— stronger than I havo been for months. Doctor Smith told cousin Eliza — I overheard him— that wo might be together and alono to-day for Just as long ns wo pleased ; it would do mo good, ho said. And nobody will come up to disturb us for hoars they said thoy would not ; they aro all so vory good to me. You know, only yesterday, when I was wishing that yon could sing to mo up hero softly and distinctly, as you used sometimes to do in tho old days in the twilight down_ in the ceder parlonr, how prompt and quiet was father in ordering Job and William to bring the piano up-staira and place it on the landing outside my door, so that you and he might have no difficulty, ' then in wheeling it into the oorner by the fire-place yonder I I am rare that no one ' before was ever nursed or hnmonred by every- J body. It is almost worth while being ill, / dear, to find every one so nice and kind — is / it not 1 And — and — Basil toll mo— was tho J figure in deep blaok who camo and stood by f with yon by tbo bod on the day before yeator- / day, when I first began to know yon — was/ not that tall blaok figure Ronaldine 1 I am beginning to remember things clearly, yo7 know, and now I am aura that it wac she,'/ (TO B CQHTIJIVBD), / v. I 0 / 