FRIENDLY SOCIETIES. The anniversary of the tents of the Independent Order of Rechabites, S.A. District No 81, at K&punda;, was celebrated on Tuesday evening and Wednesday, October 29 and 30. On Tuesday evening an exhi bition of dissolving views illustrating Dickens's Christ mas carol, 'Slarlcy's ghost,' was given by Uro, IS. E. Alcock, D.S., with his powerful lantern. On Wednes day afternoon sports were held in Dultou Park, and tae juvenile members of the order regaled with tea nnr] i-irtL-o fs\ \i-Viieli full inctlna *t'ic rlAnn Af IVtsi evening meeting, held in the Wesleyan lecture-hall, Bro. Balchelor, D.C.R., in the chair, addresses were given by Bros. T. Oliver, D.D.R., WinwooU, D.S.J.T., and E. Alcock, P. U.C.It, bro. Winwocd also dis tributod the prizes won at the sports. Uro. Jells, P.D.C.R., gave the reading of 'Neddie's love,' illustrated by pictures thrown ou a largn screen. Views of statuary, and other pictures brought a large and pleasant meeting to a close. Tues. day, November 5, Eros. Oliver, D.D.It., and Wiuwood, D.S.J.T., attended by invitation of the tents at Balaklava. A large :and interesting meeting was held in the Institute Hall, which was filled to its utmost with an attentive audience, I3ro. Patterson, C.H., in the chair. Pianoforte selections were rendered by Sisters and Bros. B'ake a:^ Naylor, songs by Sisters Saint and Merchant. Qjp.; logucs by Bros. C. and P. Willmolt, a ro-.jip'. by Bro. A. Jan Ike. recitations by Bros. K. 3. j* ?„'„,,,! n Knowics, and Sister L.. Virgo. Br^; O'ivc'i^DD'R* gave an excellent address on ^ j-ttcrs forming' the word Bechah, pointing ouUd* 'advantages to persons who became mcin];-rt«5-tne Ol.der- Cra winwood a!soaddrcssP'iltQ.!r^:tin!?on the juvenile lcember ship, Ui'tj'n*;-' thoso present who were not m°:,,nors of a benefit society to unite then! 'Bslvw with this order, which was taking the lead a'urcig English-speaking people, and referred to tho increased benefits given to juvenile members. Bro. Winwood at the close of his remarks had the pleasing duty of presenting Bro. J. D. Virgo, secretary of tiie tents, with a beautiful framed emblem of merit pre sented by the juvenile members ; also a P.C.It. 's scarf presented by the adult members as a token of appre ciation upon the occasion of his marriage. Bro. Virgo, who was taken by surprise/suitably responded. Votes o? thanks to those who ? had assisted to make the meeting a success and to the district officers brought to a close one of the best meetings held in Balaklava. After the public meeting certificates ot niemberslup was presented to the juvenile members. A public meeting was held in the Institute Hall, Balaklava, on Tuesday evening, in connection with the Prospect of Balaklava Rechabite Tent. There was a large attendance. Bro. Olliver, D.1XR., and Bro. W. Winwood, D.S.J.T., attended on behalf of the Grand Lodge, and explained the advantages ol the order. Durinir the evening, on behalf of the adult tent a P.C.K. scarf, and on behalf of the jnvenilo tent ft nicely-framed emblem of the order, were presented to Hro. James !-,' Virgo as tokens ol the esteem in which he was held by the members. Bra- Virgo has occupied the position of secretary for several years. \ Our Wallaroo correspondent writes on Novem ber C:— The I.O, Uechabites finding their present hall not large enough to accommodate their in creasing membership have decided (o make con* siderable additions to the present building. 