OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. . Monday. There is a story told by a war corres pondent, who says that after the battle of : el-el- Kebir lie encountered an aged Turk, who had been serving with the Egyptian forces, and with natural professional in- stinct asked him what he thought of the situation. " God is great, and Mahomet is his prophet," replied the latter ; " you have got a bit on the way, but the end is far off." Practically that is the exempli fication of the past week's Parliamentary condition. Parliament is ever conserva tive of its historic traditions. To sit on municipal election day, agricultural show day and Cup day would be a violation of the dearest of them. I recollect how J laughed once when a debate was got up in order that certain members should pose :is being antagonistic to adjourning over Cup day, on the ground that so doing was a sort of consecration of the national gamble. Everybody, of course, knew that the motion would be negatived on the voices, and that we should adjourn all the same ; but the hypocritical spirit in which tho debate was conducted was one of the funniest of many scores of Parlia mentary experiences. An outsider stray ing into the House might have imagined that some of the protestants were in earnest. But I met them on the lawn all the same, with, 1 admit, one exception. So it will be this week. Of course, tho JJvUOw IllUiiU nUJWULii \J \ LL OllOti Uitj itlHI the Council for a week. How otherwise can members keep themselves in touch vritli influential constituents who want to be shown round ? Mr. i urner is credited with an heroic desire to sit earlier on Wednesday. Now if there is one thing stamped oil the memories of those who know Parliament best, it is that early sittings mean lesser progress. The pre sent Assembly is sitting earlier than most of its predecessors, and the result is that it is working shorter hours. Less time lias been devoted to the business of the coun try in this session than in any of its predecessors, when the House met at . 4.30 and sat on. I am not theorising ; the record of the figures is before mo. Slow work, of course, helps a t Govern ment, but Mr. Turner is too conscientious to desire slow work. His error is that his method is mistaken. Me is losing time by his effort to gain it. dut it is useless to discuss political con- flin flit-linn «if arc so far off, so let me turn to other themes. Among the strange mural and other of the memento mori in tho Melbourne General Cemetery there are two which, 1 confess, profoundly impress mo. The one is that to ' the memory of Lieutenant- Colonel Henry >ugustus Clarke, of the Victorian Infantry and Artillery forces, whose splendid tomb lies upon its exterior his helmet, sword, belts, accoutrements, and the motto of his regiment. < Ifttimes as I go to this tomb— ever garlanded by the latest flowers of the season — there seems to come to mc that the dead are not altogether gone when they preach from their supreme a stately example to the living. Another conspicuous record is that of Tommy Corrigan, which is significantly turfed over. < !nc associates this with that superb couplet in Gray's epitaph, that lovely concert of Iritz Greene llalleck's — Green he tho turf ab ivo thee, Friend of my early days. and better still, the delicate taste with which 1 rs. Corrigan lias inscribed — <) ! ami bciHNitH llt<; ni' f till mm :ire jxnil, Yerilv arc the ways of science great. Some months ago a cast of the footprints of the supposed tiger, which, like the Balaclava ghost, appeared to have con siderable powers of roaming, was for warded to Professor M' ov. He at once . said the marks were not made by any feline creature, but probably by a large dog, and the suspicion grew that an exag gerated dingo might be prowling around. The supposed tiger has been shot, anil turns out to lie merely a wolf. Of course everyone knows that the vulpine paw is similar to that of the dog, in other words that the wolf is a wild variation of the canine species. Science scores again. 1 don't know if you have heard the story about r. Gurr, one of the loved repre sentatives of ! .'eelong. It lias been on t-lic rounds so long that I fear it may prove a chestnut. Mr. Gurr is, as regards his head, a singularly polished man. No shaven priest was ever more completely shorn. Sometimes from the gallery we mistake his brilliant shining top for the diamond the roc went for as described in the Arabian Nights. One night Sir. Gurr was lecturing, no was recalling a thrilling experience which had happened to him self. and lie concluded l>y saying, " I assure you 1 escaped death by a hair's breadth." 'I here was a pause, and then a shrill voice from the gallery broke in with, " Say, mister, where did you get that liair ?" Can anyone explain the reason for the epidemic of violets '? Our city is literally scented with them. In the tram-cars, the trains, the street, the ladies wear them on their bosoms, in their girdles and hats, sometimes garlanded like bracelets on their wrists. At every street corner, and as well in the interspaces between them, the vendors stand offering really beautiful violets at a penny a bunch. If a lady sends you a gift it is always wreaths of violets. What is the reason that the violet is so puissant in this early and peculiar Spring ? Shortly T shall tell you something about tllQ mrf.llivmimfr nnf.tfi/vn nf Afr»e«£ifi Kilililf and Murray, ex- Railway Commissioners, who think they have been unjustly used in being deprived of certain pension rights. This may work up into the pro portions of a big case of the Speight v. Syme order. During the last week a rumor has been widely circulated with respect to one of the central figures of the boom period — and one who was in addition a prominent politician, was the recipient of a birthday honor, and was passed through a trying ordeal in connection with that same boom. The rumor is to the effect that by the death of a relative in Scotland, one of his family has come into possession of a for tune, estimated at something like £75,000. There is, of course, no means of verifying a rumor of this sort other than by inter viewing the gentleman himself, and one doesn't like to do that under the circum stances. His friends, of course, hope the now the court having granted him absolu tion. Many of your readers will, doubtless, remember " Professor" Kennedy, the mes merist, who created such a sensation some seven years since. At that time he puzzled even the medical faculty, and they were more easily convinced than the lay popula tion, who despite the evidence of their eyesight that "subjects" could be made to swallow rancid oil without any visible effect, could have their ears sewed to their cheeks without exhibiting pain, and calmly allowed needles to be thrust into their flesh were yet inclined to dub the whole exhibition an imposture. Still they filled the Opera House night after night. When the Professor left Australia he went to. England, where he not only literally coined money, but set raising a contro versy on hypnotism, its use and powers. On Thursday I met- the Professor in Swanston-street he havinsr iust returned. To use his own words he comes ' ' armed w|th a great accession of hypnotic power, " with which he intends to still further astonish Australians. During his absence too lie has been studying the methods of the French doctors, for in Franco hyp notism has been largely practiced in the hospitals of late years. Professor Ken nedy who has gone on to Sydney expects to appear before a Melbourne audience rm t'le middle of December. The cabled news that Madame Melba — or Miss Maggie Mitchell, as sho was known in Melbourne before her European artistic triumphs—still contemplates pay- mg her native land a visit, makes the latest news concerning the "Australian Song bird" acceptable. Papers by the latest mail report that she was filling the role of Miguela" in Bizet's opera, " Carmen , this is how one acknowledged critic A? m S 'ler performance : — " Madame . altogether has been delightful dur- mg the present season. She has main- tained her supremacy with magnificent case, and in each succeeding essay— especially in the novelties— added to her artistic reputation. Voice and vocal method admitted of no improvement. Criticism withdraws when they are under consideration." We in Australia are not accustomed to criticism couched in such superlative phrases, but we are none the less glad that it luvs been induced by the talent of an " Australian native," and in one of the most fastidious musical centres. Letters I continue to receive from South Africa speak in the highest terms of the prospects of the country. It is true that of late articles have appeared in certain Melbourne papers depreciating the Band. and warning Victorian artisans from journeying thitherward, but as against these is to be set the direct experiences of my correspondents, the latest of whom are themselves workmen, and men who are accustomed to work liard for their living. They in plain terms express themselves as more than satisfied with their " shift of quarters." Work is plenti ful, and living fairly cheap, as it should Ijo iii a country that is already producing 200, 000 ounces a month, ami is looking forward confidently to the not distant time when it will be turning out half a million ounces each month, what works so much in favor of South Africa is the vast tracts of country waiting to be opened up. The "cradle of the world" bids fair to be also We arc all looking forward to tho debut at the r'rinccss or the Ballarat cnntatrice. Miss Julia Wray, known to her family and her friends as Miss Julia i'leseltaub. : his talented young singer had not an assuring experience when she first appeared in our Town Hall, tho critics certainly did not "kill her with kindness." The advice, however, must have been useful to her, for on her appearance at the Princess in " Pinafore," for the Jewish charities, she scored a decided success. This eventually led up to her engagement by ' : essr.s. Williamson and Musgrove as prima donna in their Comic "pern Company on Miss Nellie Stewart leaving for England. Miss Julia Winy (in courtesy we must use her nom-dc-thcatre for the future) now makes her how as " Olnirette" in " Li Fillo do Madame ingot," and under auspices that are decidedly favorable. '"lie arrangements for the annual show of the Royal »gricultiiral Society of A'ic- t.H lip of. I'lninhMrf-An , - ..w.v. UK » IVIIUHglWJ,, arc complete. The entries received total 4170, and represent all branches of the agricultural and pastoral industries. The judging will take place on Wednesday, and on i lmrsday His Excellency the cting Governor will attend and formally open tiie exhibition. The show promises to he tho most successful yet held in Aus tralia. At an early hour on Friday morning a man entered the sleeping apartments of the nurses at the 1 hildren's ' I ospital. ( hie of the nurses happened to be awake, and, observing the stealthy movements of a male form, screamed lustily for help. The other nurses joined in, and the man beat a hasty retreat and, scaling a high wall, escaped. The police arc making inquiries. A communication has been received by the Government from Cape Colon', stat ing that a duty of 2d. per lb. has been imposed by the Legislature on frozen beef and mutton. the Minister of Agriculture has com- A» ILII U1B VGVL'LlllilClIb U1 1>UW Zealand with the object of securing a visit for a short time of their cheese expert to teach the people here the best methods of prosecuting the industry. An expert from Canada instructed the present New Zea land experts on the Cheddar principle, which has gained for Canadian cheese a high character in Europe. Some time ago rignor Bragato, our wine expert, was allowed to go to New Zealand to give in struction there in vine culture aiul wine making, and Mr. Taverner thinks what he asked would be a sorb of qniil pro quo. The Trades' Hall Council at its meeting oil Friday night condemned by resolution the action of the Legislative Council in 'preventing the Bill extending polling hours in municipal elections passing in time for Thursday's elections. Mr. Thorn reported to the meeting that a contractor having a t Jovernnient contract was work ing girls at sweating rates, one receiving 2s. "i.lil. for four clays' work. He asked was there a minimum wage for female work? ( I lie Chairman — "No.") lie thought tho Government should take steps to amend tho defect. The juvenile fancy dress hall at Govern ment House was largely attended, and proved a groat success. 