The Case of Mrs. Harefielo. TBy P.D.I [.Narratives under the above signature lire fur nished by a private detective in Hobart, and are the property of the Cr.irPEE. They detail actual experiences of the author, the dramnfia persone being well known ohorectere under assumed names.] When George Uarofield presented himself at the Melbourne detective office to report that his wife had left him three days ago, he was drank. But they took his report and her description in case of accidents. She was a plump, strongly-built woman, with fair hair and light eyes, wearing a grey tailor made dress and dark hat with two red poppies. She might have gone to Sydney to her relatives. They had quarrelled, but be never struck her or acted cruelly towards her. Sha was a. nflAninnn.(A wntnun n.nd might have suicided. An investigation of the Sydney ship ping offices gave me no information, and on reflection, determining that such a case was not for our office, I called upon him in Neill-street, Carlton, to tell him so. No one answered me, but I noticed that I was peeped at through a slit in the Venetians. So I walked to the United States Hotel opposite, to await someone coming home. The landlord was a, young man, who was not a little pleased with his recently exhalted position be hind the bar. Ue was as a matter of fact 'in possession.' He was of the music hall song and dance kind of young gentleman, and knew everybody and everything. To start him I told him of Darofield's scandal. As I expected be knew it already and laughed at my ignorance. ' My dear fellow,' I explained, ' it's nothing to me. I don't want to know. What kind of a woman was she ?'' '? A poor creature enough. She was as pale as a ghost. He used to beat her awful, knocked ? out of her. She looked like one of those arsenic eaters yon read about. Dark hair and eyes sunk in her head, Two front teeth were out, ? kicked down her throat by that ? ' ' I thought she was a fair, stout woman with light eyes ? ' ' Why you've copped the wrong end of the stick. That's the other piece. The one he turned his wife out for — his flash woman.' Ibis struck me as being a littlo peculiar. But I could of course now see why Harefield was so anxious to have the whereabouts of his wife made certain. Still it was not a case for us. We were too much occupied with legiti mate work to be made conveniences of by wife beaters. In the midst of my musing George Hare field entered. Cautioning the landlord with a look I passed into an inner room. He called for a glaRB of whisky, and after a few commonplace remarks left. As soon as his own door closed behind him I rapped for admittance. He opened it himself and seemed surprised at seeing me there, which must have been feigned, considering that not half an hour back I had been taken Btock of through the blinds. I stepped on to the threshold of the doorway, and then apparently remindful of his want of politeness he showed me into a side room. II was comfortably well furnished for a cottage, and there was a heavy oppressive odour of chloride of lime pervading the atmo sphere, which he explained was necessary to lay the unpleasantness of poisoned rate. ' Did you poison them ?' I asked care lessly. ' Yes— arsenic.' Then he gave such a violent start that I thought he would have slipped off the chair. He grew quite white to the lips and trembled visibly. Then he made things worse by saying ' Er — that is — vough-on-rats you know. It's arsenic ain't it?' And he looked quite frightened at his own obser vation. I turned the conversation immediately, merely remarking that it wa6 unpleasant, and informing him that I did not intend to proceed with my inquiries further, left him. He appeared greatly relieved, although ho made many protestations to the contrary. That very day I Inoticed that I met the same woman so many times that her face began to make itself considerably familiar. I was just noting the circum stance when I mat Captain A. ? of a steamer running to and from Launceston across the straits. . ' By the way,' I remarked later, us we walked quietly along Bourke-street, ' when you made your last trip did you notice a lady passenger who travelled alone, and was fair of complexion, fat of figure, and wore a grey tailor-made suit — hat with two red poppies P' He stared at me a little and replied that he didn't remember— yet stay, of course he did. She was awfully jolly and drank a good deal of wine. He could easily got her name if ho wanted it— ' And by jove, sir, that's the woman her self back again !'' and he pointed to that very woman who hod met me so fre quently in the morning. I took a hurried leave of him, and followed her homo to Georce Harefield's house. That afternoon when I made my re port, the cottage in Neill-street was placed under surveillance, and aftei wards I was on my way to Tasmania. My inquiries were simple That woman had stayed one night in Launceeton, and then had disappeared. She had brought with her to her hotel a portmanteau which she carried with ease, and which was recognised as being that day pur chased from a second hand shop. It was easily followed on board the outgoing steamer back to Melbourne. Had that woman not have purchased it at all, but have slipped on board without it she could have easily passed unnoticed ; but then she wanted to change her clothes. That circumstance did not puzzle me, Women as well as men can weat two suits. The landlord of the United States Hotel informed me that Harefield was drinking 'awful.' He was nervous and fldgetty and seemed beside himself. Them was something wrong. And what did that woman go to Launceston for P Where was his wife ? and why did he want to take a fit over the mention of the word arsenic ? I chewed the question over a good deal during the next few days, and somehow I couldn't get it out of my mind that George Harefield had poisoned his wife. But where was her body P He would have never dared ? but then that odour of the chloride of lime — people who are not chemists cannot make up quicklime, they always attempt it, but manufacture something else which gives evidence. And it may not be good enough to disclose the consuming pro perties of quicklime. One very dark and foggy night I found myself at the back of George Harefield's house. Space will not per mit me to recount the reason why, but as I passed there I saw the figure of a man climb hurriedly over the back fence and run. As he went I caught the re flection of AameB which burst the win dows of his house afire. I followed. Away along Drummond-3treet it went with me after it. It was not easy to follow in the fog, but full of thoughts that something was not right, I kept up the pace. That figure was George Hare field. A long and heavy pursuit brought us into Swans ton-street, and I made up my mind to arrest him on a charge of suspicion, when he suddenly disap peared. As if the earth had swallowedihim up he vanished, I stood bewildered. The Corporation laborers were cleansing the Btreet, and as they passed I heard the clink of a heavy sewer grating shut down into its slots. * * * A swollen and water -polluted corpse was dragged out of the river far down where the steamers moor. Lt was taken to the morgue. I recognised it as the body of George Rarefield. A woman with fair hair and light eyes Bwore to it, and so it was buried by Coroner YouU with an open verdict. ' Curse you,' she said to me outside the morgue, afterwards, ' I don't care what you make of it, but if it hadn't have been for you meddling in things which didn't concern you we would have been miles away from here.' ' And it,' jerking my thumb towards the morgue, ' wouldn't have poisoned its wife and set its house on tire.' And she said to me never a word. I do not know if George Harefield really killed his wife with arsenic o otherwise, for I tell you the story as it stands. He fell into the open sewer in Swans', on-street — a twelve by nine egg uhaped tunnel — and was drowned. That is how I lost him, and the facts of the case are as I state. You can pick out your own moral. It is on record that a Chinaman le oently loBt his impurtabiHty and forgot that:i)1and smile whioh jwiially covers John's faoe under the most trying cir pumitanoeB. HhjB nursa Lad just an nounced Jo himtbat the expected pledge of hie wife'aflevptipnhpidtttrjiea out to *b ttrp dau^l^re, ' _WJti S^esture as if wringing iPfowl'B ijwk.lie declared! ' Too muohee girlee t ling um neok in China,, Too much girlee cost him too rouchee,- allee ..tune want um niceolo.' He finally gave his wife a verbal divorce and left his humpy. ' 'Me likee you belly niuchee, bub n6 likee wifee to eetee two gurlee flllee same time! Ton belly good all time j no sooldee, muohee loud, HO say cuss words, and no dlink; muchee 1 Allee Same, me no likee two girlee allee same time 1 ' As soon as the police can recognise that: bit of yellow agony by his wife's description they will eerve the usual bit of blue for wife desertion. . Aocordikg to Professor Frasser the serum of the blood of a snake ' is an anti dote for that reptile's bite. Old Australian busbmen have always reckoued the fatty substance from the death adder a cure, whilst they also swear loyally to taking a 'hair of the dog that bit 'cm,' even though it be vitriolisad chain lightning. 