City Gossip. (BY GRAND FLANEUR.) To the fair and unfair section of the important community of Pirie, I beg to inake my bow, trusting that in future we will become good friends, and that my efforts to amuse, if not instruct, will be appreciated by the intelligent readers of ihe 8tandard. Of course, you have no unintelligent readers. To copy (positively for this once onl\\) the example of the daily papers, I will give the first item of news to the * Government House" party. Well, the new Governor has spread himself out to win popularity, and is succeeding in a greater degree than any of his predecessors. He never tires of any function; but it is a measly shame that the toadies should crowd him to 6uch an extent that he has scarcely a minute to call his own. Still, he seems to like it, so I suppose it is all right. Sir Thomas Fowell-Buxton has not the creamy tone of Kintore, or the polished manner of Sir William Robinson, but he is as practical as the whole box-and-dice of previous South Australian Governors put together. If you read his speeches you will agree that the above criticism is solid, bedrock truth- Some day you will have Sir Fowell— lease note that he plebeian Thomas is Sropped by his admirers, but I fancy he himself, does not care for the alteration —in t > irie,..iud it is safe to say you will pottoti to him, eve.- iiio>i-:h your admiration does not bubble over U-. Iho t xtcrr f an old Piriean, who. so it is said, chosen Kintore along one of your wharfs and presented him with a very ordinary walking-stick. Anyway, the new Governor has leapt into general popularity. In appearance, he is not unlike one or two Wandcarah farmers I know of—without, of course, the tanned complexion and the sandy blight. Stick him in a crowd and you would haul him out as a shrewd "cocky." One thing is tolerably certain, G< J vernment House will enjoy a serene air of peace and happiness (and morality during the Buxton regime. The Share Market is as dull as the proverbial ditch-water, and all the efforts of the leather-lunged crowd of brokers (many of whom are veritable " brokers ") cannot induce the gullible public to take the bait they so temptingly throw out. The Adelaide public hava been bitten so often that they are shy of the shindycates. and those who have invested are laying back for divvies.;' But in many instances they are likely to become blue-mouldy in waiting. A lot of the "sharebrokers" have gone back to their old game of hawking fish and wild rabbits, and it is a pity more do-not follow their example. Meeting your old friend. Mr. Thomas Magor, during tlie late Westralian boom, he tendered me the information that his week's work on the " Corner" netted him the nice little sum sf £200. " And I suppose that is more than you have earned this week," said he to me. But Thomas was always fond of his little joke Gejrge Magor, your ex-draper, so his father told me, is clearing his £100 a week out of a pub. at Hannan's. "All drinks a bob," said the paternal Magor, "and heaps of thirsty people." r The parsons have made a mistake, and it is not often they fall in. They chose a particularly unfavorable time to offer up prayers for rain, but the clouds have ohstinably refused to open their water taps. It is said the reverends followed Todd 's prediction on a falling glass, but -put of purs cussedness the glass rose in titiiBon with the prayers. Previous experience should have taught the skypilots that if Todd predicts a fine day, it Is a hroad'iunt for you to go out armed with a gingham and macintosh, and vice versa. According to Fenimore Cooper the Bed Indians roast their rain-makers when they fail to bring off the pool. But here we are pleased to think that we have so mortally offended the Divine P.eing, that a further season of punishment is to be meted out to us. It would never do to believe that the parsons could not bring off any event by the power of prayer, and Adelaide parsons can pray harder than any of their brethren under the sun. One joker—for he must be a joker, though his letter bears the hall-mark of sincerity—has written to the dailies pointing out that rain would not be desirable in districts whers harvesting Operators, me such as they aie, , are taking jlace. He would have prayers offered up 'or. certiin districts only. For instance, if Wandearah wanted rain and Crystal Brook jdid'^it. the parsons would have to define the limits by proper lines of demarcation. This is surely doublebankihg Providence, and would perhaps cause a strike in the celestial regions if adopted. The Dacre tragedy has caused quite a 8t : r in Adelaide, as it has the wide-world otvier. Still I would not refer to it here, Only to remark that- the landlord of the hotel the unfortunate coy.ple stayed at in Adelaide, tells Ui'J :'• r novo.- long and varied career, mei r. spoony" couple. Their billing and ciomg whilst in the hotel, was carried on to the verce of insanity. It is bad enough to board at a place with a young couple on their honey-moon, but when the "spoonists" have reached mature years, their public love-making is calculated to be nauseous to the least sensitive nature. What has the Libor Members evei done for South Australia?" I overheard a one-timesupporter of McPherson and Co. exclaim to a crowd at Moss' corner the other day. "What have they done besides &etting; £oo-l berths for themselves ?"- This poser did riot admit of an immediate answer, but eventually, one of the challenged replied : "Why, made it a fine cauntry." Yes." replied the first speaker, " They have made such a fine country of it that you can go about without getting wet." In another three weeks the talking shop on North.Terrace will shut up, ana so will the members so far as the floor of the House is concerned. But it will take something more than the closing of Parliament to stop the unceasing flowof talk of the average M P. The various constituents will soon be flooded with a deluge of speeches by members who want to eo back and by aspirants to legislative honors and pay who want to selfishly keep them out. You would have to uie a miscroscope to find any useful legislation passed by the Kingston crowd. Certainly good and useful measures have been introduced in the Lower Hou c e. but it has been a case nf slaughter of the innocents when the Upper Chamber got hold <of them. The ,Villitre Settlers a~e not a happy family, and the evidence given before the Royal Commission T rover that nriles- a man'*" is on his own" there is little hope of the -scheme succeeding. In other words, individualism must succeed cooperation, and then a rutin will have some ! inducement to labor. From my own personal knowledge of some of the «ettl«r^ J have no hesitation in saying thai they are neither able nor willing to do a day's work. Such a fact must be very consolatory to a " grafter." Any way, it has been a very costlj r experiment and the public ha* been asked to pay up and look pleasant. Slowly, but surely, the last taxation straw is being placed upon the poor taxpayers' back, and when the final one is dumped on there will be a firm but gentle " kicking." There is a limit to human endurance, especially where the pocket is concerned! A group of stranded play-actors is the faldest sight imaginable, and everyday at the Bijou you can see a crowd of hungry proa, waiting Micawber-like for something to turn up. The poor beggars were gathered together from the four points of the compass, under promise of a lucrative engagement; but the management went bung without the ghost walking once, and the "' professionals" are weeping and wailing instead of tarring and feathering the unstable boss. 