Sermon for Sunday. Tongues of Firo. Bt Rev, Dn. Talxaoe, ITaro ye recctvoil tlw H"ly Ghost.— Acts xlx. 2. Thu word "ghost,'' which means a soul or spirit, has beou tlogi-ndod in common purlanoo. AVo talk of ghosts as baleful ulid frightful, und iu a frivolous or siiper.stilious way. Bat my text speaks of a Ghost who is ommputcnt, and divine, anil everywhere present ; und 'Jl timos in thu Now Testament called tlio Holy Ghost. . 1. I shall in tho first pluoo spank ot tlio Holy Ghost /is Biblical iiitoi- prolcr. Tlio Biblu is a nuius of eoutrmllutliiiiH. an iilllrmntion of lmpos. sihihtios, nnloss tlio Jlcly Ghost helps us to understand it;. Tho Hi bio says of itseli , tliut tho lioripturo Is not for "private mturprota- tiou," but "holy men of God spake an thoy were moved bj thu IIolv Gliost. tint Ih, not pilvalo lntcrpictiition, but lloly Gliu it inter pretation. lhlc on yom sLudv tublo all tlio coiiuncnteiiLu ot tho Bible — Matthew Hem-y, and bcott. and Adam Cl.ukc, and A bort Barnes, and Busli, unci Alexander ; anil all the urulueulqgius, aud all tho Bible diction ines), und all the inujisof 1'alcstluu. and ill Iho later, national Series ot Sunday School Lcssouh : and if that ih all, you will not undordtand tho deep r and griindu me tilings of tlio Biblo so wall as that Christian mounUiinoti- who. on Sunday, morning, after having slutknn down tlio. fodder for tlio cattle, uomcs.into lus cabin, 1 takes up: lun well-worn Biblo and, with a prayer tlmt stirs the lionvons. asks fur tlio Hcdv Ghost, to unfold tlio. Book. No moio mirenson- able would . 1 1 bo it- 1 should tako- up t-hn Xiiroe , Vrenvpi -of Bt. -Potontbnrg, - fill jwhitod rin Ttiissmn; . ; ilud- say, '' fhct-o is no ' snnso In tins . newspaper, foi- .1 .cannot understand ono lino ot all its columns," .tUnir fori. any, minitp tako tip tlio Bible, and stvnthottt getting Jbifliv Ghost illumination as to its .meaning; Bay, '(This .'Book insults my .common sense. I cannot und l-stunil ir-; Awiiy with tfio incongruity !" . No ono but- the Holy Ghost; . vylio Inspired the Scriptures, can ox-- plain -thu . Scriptures, l' ully realise thnt. rind you will hb ns enthusiastic a lover ot - tho okl Book , us my venerablo friond who told mo . in Fhilsdolphiii Unit ho was-- reading tlioHiblv through for the tifty-mnth timo, mid it became more, , .'ittraottva and thrilling ovoit tnno he went through it. - - 2\. Next ooniiidor ttio Holy Gaost as a human roeonstrantor. AVo must, ho niatlo - ovor awim. Olirist mid Nieodoinus talked about it. Theo logians cull it regeneration. I do, not euro whjit r oil null it, but wo have to bo rocoiistnioted by tho . Holy- G limit. . AVo become now- creatures, bating what wn once loved, anil loving what we nncq hutod. It sin \vero :u. luxury, it must becomu a -detestation. - It wo - prcfoi red bad ii.ssoeialioiis, wo must jiroier good aHSOumtions Cn most eases it is sueli a complete nhungo that tlio world no lees tho diftorenco. and begins to, isle, " AVhnt has oomo over that niauf Whom, has ho boon with? What litis so 1 ntfeclod . bun !' Avhnt lias ransneked his ontiro unt|u-o.J AVhut has turned him square oboiitr" Tako two puitnres ot Paul : One ori tiio road to Diimuwus to hill tnu usulples ot Olu-Ist : (he other on tlio road to Oiitia to dlo. lor Christ. Oomo nearer home, and look at thu man who found his nhicf delight in it low.- -class of olub rooms, hiccoughing urouud thu (Mrd-liiblo, and then stiunbliiig down tho li-out steps after nudnighl; anil stag g-eriag hoinownrd : ami that sumo man. one week afterward, with his family ou the ivny to a prayer, meeting. AVhut bus ilonu itr It inust.bo n imuthiug troniondou-J. Tt mast he tlio IToiy Ghost. a. Notice, in tlio third place, tho Holy Ghost is tho solucer ot bruhun -hearts. Ghrisl calls Umi-lhe Conifin-ter. -Nuthiag iIimh tlio world so muoli want as com fort. . X'lio muse ot puoplo liavo. boun abused, mim-apre.seutcd, ulu-n-ted, tied iiboat, Rwiiiillud, bai-eff. AVhnt is ntodyd is balsam for the wounds, lantern ior dark roads, veseu-j irom maligning pursuer::, a lift trorn tiio unirUu elah of tombstones. Lire to 'most bus been a soiui-taihin.v They liuve not got, what tbey wanted. T'liey have not leiicbod that which thoy Btarteil for. Friiutds lietray,. ITeuitli be eomei jn-eeavious. whoa one most needs strong- muscle, and steiiMy nerve, and clear bran:. Out o I this imdieuco ot thousands uud thousands, it ,/ should ask till those. who liavo l.-cen unhurt in (ho struggle ot lito to stand uji, or nil steading to- hold up tholr right hand, not one .would move. Oh; how much wo iieuil tho IToly Ghost ns boin- lorter.- ..lis rouites tjio sweet Gospel jil-ouu-es to (ha hardly bestead. Ho assures ot merer niinglcd with tho severities. Ho oousoloa with thoughts uf eouilng release.. TIo tulls of n lioavun wlioro tom- is novar wept, and burden )s never carried, uml injustice is never sulierod. Cointovt for nil tho young people, who nru irnil- treated at. liomc, or loeoivu iivnittioicut .mconie, or nro robbed of their sohoollng, or lccpc back from positions thqy have oavned by tuo patting forward ot others loss worthy. Comfort for all thoso rnou and women tuldwuy tu tho path ot lito. worn cut with what- they liavo already gone through; and with uo brightening- future. Comfort for (hose nirad oiies iunid , many infir mities, ami who foul t.nemselvr.s tu .bo in tho wayiu tlio home or tliu business which thoy thonisolven os ubhshod with thou- own grit. il- Huly CUT L=i fort, I tl i „ .11; comes ill tho shupo of u soliloquy, Yon find vourseli tnyiug to yourself, . ' Well, I ought uof) to go on this way about my iiiotner's death, bho had suffered enough. Sho hud borno other people s burdens . long enough. J nm glad that father and mother are together m Heaven, anil they will ho waiting to greet us, audit will I::: only n little wlulc, anyhow, and God maker, no mistakes" ; or you soliloquise, saying, " It is hard to lose my property, 1 um suvo I worked hard . enough for jr.-. But God will fako euro ot us,- und na to tho children,, the monoy might, have spoiled thorn, and n-o flail that theso who harp to struggle for themselves generally turn out tho best ; and it will all bo well if this upset ting of our -worldly rcomirous loads iih to luv-iip treasures m lieuvuu." Or you soliloquise, saying, .'-It M'us hard to givo up that boy whon tlio Lord took lum,. I expected great things of lnm : anil; on I lioiv wo. miss him. out of tho honsq j and thero aio no many tnings Iluoma uurnss that make ino think of him; and ho u-aa suoh iv uplouoid fellow ; but, then, what im escape ho has made from tho (cmvtat-ions mid sprrown ...which, emtio to ull who grow lip; and it Is a grand, thing to.navo him sufo from all poii(iiblo iifirin ; and tltoio uro Ull lliosu .Biblo iironuses for paronls who (invo lent' cluldrou, aud wo- shall feel a drawing heavenward tlmt wo could not liuvo otherwise, exporionood." And after you have smd tlirft, you got tho relief which eomou froni un out burst of. tears, , I ilo not nay , to yon, us some say, , Do not err."- . God pity . puopio- in trouble- m-ho have, tho pai-ehed evcbnll, and tlio dry eyelid, njuil oaniiot: slinfl a tear; That makes maniacs. -. To GoiVh Seoplooiiours are tlio down of t.lio mglit asliefl with siiiu-iso. I ain so . glad you can weep;.., But you think- those things vou «iv to j-oureolf uro : only in)hloqiuc«. No, no. 'T hoy , oomu by the llnlv T-iboHt. '-tltlec, iiImi, tho Holy Ghost as the preacher s loiuloiuemcut. Aim und I have Itiunyn picaehot-ri Ciioyolupauilo in knowlrilgo, bijllinnt us un icoboig whon thu nuu "ml ton if, anfi with Ohottei-ilcldiun address, uud i'ln finical hntid uplifted with diumbitff big qnuugh to duziila an nsHombly, untl so sui-uhafgcd with wuau'ou- l.uy tlmt wliuu thoy left this life it ml, (lit ho suid of oaoli of them us Do Quinny said of uuotlier. that in tiio uot ut (lying, lie com- niittcd n inhlieiy, iilweondlng with n valuable polyglot diofmtiarv— yet no awakening, n eon- vol ting, or sanctifying result; while, iiomo plain man, with humblest, phi-awplng;, his been audloiices wliclinwl with religious iuflu- cueo. It was tlio lloly Ghost. AVhut n tisofill thing il. Mould bo jf oveiy mhustur would givo tho history of his s'linnns X tiill upuflho miiiisteo o; A merles to givo tho lustuiy ot oeimuus, for I hcllovc it will lUustiuto as iiothiiiir else can tho truth of that Soilptiiic, "Not hy might, nor by power, but by My Sqnrit, nulla thu Loid." On tliu Sub- bath of tho dodiciitibu ot ono ot our oliiiuhos iu Brooklyn, ut the morning service, ;i;:H soula slood up to' jn-o/evs Clitlst. 'J'lioy w.-nl the oimvpits of the Brooklyn- Ai.ailumy u) Music, whoio M-o lmd buen woidnpplug, "Thoieigip- tiou of so umiiy ini'mbers, and nmuy.'iif t'.iein liaptised by iriimorslnu. hud made it, an iiidnoun service, udihdi contlneud from half-pnat 10 In tho miutiiiig until half- jwt 9 iu tlio utt union. Irani that serviiw mo wont homo nxhuustcd ; bqi-nusq (lioro is nolhiug vt> ipfhmisljnjr ua deep emotion, A mensouger mos n:nt out to obtain 11 jgeneher tot tlmt night, but the wau-h Mnsmiuitet'esriidi ii< ull (he mlniMors Abcvt) rng.-iged for ;mnuo othor phii-l:. , A VJta no jn on, nation nt fill I'M' tfio , veiling RSjvlgo, exoept iho lqcddjie- i|i Ciuduq'a Coiiuordunee (ok- n texf, ivj)(l (;ejiiig almu>n toq Mcury jq vktiMtd niv f bpgiiu tlw Boniue, esyiufc aqfiibly while tuo opening uou„ was being sung, although boeaasa of tho sing ing no ouo hut. God hoard it: "Oh, Lord, Thou knowest my insuffioioncv for this service. Comedown in gracious power upon this people." Thu placo was Shaken -with tho (iivino presence. Ab far ns- wo could find out, over tour hundred . poi-son s ivoi-o oon verted that night, Hear it, all y/uuug men entering tho ministry; hour it, all Cln-isiauii workers! — it wis tho Holy Ghost.- - Iu tho Bocond Reformed Church of Sonioi--., villi), Now Jersey, in my bpyhood (lays, Ah. Osborne, tho evangelist, catno to hold a special Horvico. - 1 soo him now as iio stood iu tbb pulpit. Eofou" he announced liis text, and before ho hud uttcrod a word of Ins sormoa, strong man wept aloud, and it wus like tho day oi judgment. It was tlio Holy Ghost. lq 1807 tho .eloelrio, telegraph Wo strange massage.- Ono of . thoins roud, t' My : dear 1 " parents < will;--, -.rojoice : to hoar that i ' . liavo found,' i'poauO - with. - „ God." Anothor rend : " Dour Mother, — Tlio woik continues, aud I, too, have boon eonvortod." Another lead- "At lest, faith untl pence." In Vcr- inont a icdiglmis meeting win singing tlio liymu, "AVniting and Watching foi Mo." Iho sung rolled ou ou tbo night air, und a niun halted and wml, " I.wonde.- it thoro will bo unynne waiting and watching for mo I ' It started him heaveiiwud. AVliat nits it a Tile Holy Ghoat. In tlmt 1857, Jiiviioh' Hall, Fiuliulniplnu, andl'iiltouUtefit pruvov meeting. New York, tolegiaphrd oiir-li other flic rimuber of soiil'i tavoJ, and tlio using of the devotional lidew Tlio differctico in evangnlic.il usofulnrss w nut 10 much a. (lltfercni-o in brum, in eohol.ii- slup, or elocutionary gifts; as in Holv Ghost power. I Y'ou wilt not have nmoh suiptiso ut the oxtr.ioi.linary i.si-oci of Cliarleu G. Finney as n soul winner, if you know '.tliut soon after hisuonversuai ho mid tliHoxperianw. IIo huvh : ' As I turned, and was about; to tako a sout. by tho lire, I recoirod a tmptism ot. tho IIolv Ghost. AA'it, hunt, nnv expectation of it, ; with out. ever having tho- thought, in my mind tlmt. there: was any sueh thing for ruo; tho IIolv Ghost descended tijion mo in a mannor thus seemed to ; «o . .through me, liodv und soul. Indeed, it roomed to eomo iu wavos and waves of liquid -love, for I mould not express it iu nnv other way., It. soamerl' hko the very breath ot God. I can recollect, ciiiitltiully -tliar. it seemed to fun nio like iiniunnso wings. No worilo mm cxpross tho wonderful luvo that m-iih uhod abroad ill- mv .heart. 1 wept, aloud with .joy and love, lliwio wuves came over me, ami over mo, anil over me, nun itftcr tho other, until I recall I cried out, ' I shall die if thaw waves continue to -pins . over ruo.' I hoIiI. , -Lord, 1 c-imaot hear anv inore.' Now, my hearers, lot n"® '««( wltotucr clerieal or lav workei-s, get such a. Divine vi.stl it tiou u.s that, and wo could tulio tins world for God before tho olouk ot tho next eunturv binges I. AVhen a coloured trumpeter took his plaoo in, AVhitflold's audience, - proposing to blow tho trumpet at a certain point, in tho uorviou, and put everything into derision, somehow ho could not got, tho trumpet to Iiw lies, and at tha close .of tho mooting ho sotigut; out tlio prenwicr und uskod tor his prayers. It wus tnu IIolv Ghost. AA- hut wiui tlio matter with HodJev Vicars, tlio memorable soldier, when no mil. with Ills Biblo brloi-o lum in a tent, and lus dcinhng comrades cinne in aud jeered, saving, " Turned - Methodist, eh r' And another said, "You hvpocntu ! Bail ns .you were, I novor thought, vou M-ould eunro to this, old tul'ow." And then ho became tho soldier- evangelist ; nml when-, a soldier -in another regiment. Iinndvnan of miles awav. telegraphed nts aniritiml aiixictio.-i to Hedley A icars, snying. ' What shall I dor" Ahoars tolcgraphod us thrilling a message us over- Mont: ovor lno wires. " Behovu on tho Lord Jesus Christ, uml thou shalt Is: wived. AVhut pou-or was being foitr Jt was the "IIolv Gnofll. And what more appropriate r tor the IIolv Ghost, is it "tongue of fire." mid tlio elccti- ioitv that flies along tlio wit-CH is a tongue ot I no. ' AA'liosouvci-. whosoever, m-hosoevov will,, let. lnm come." May Coil turn on all tho eleotnu power into this Gnspt-l In-.ttei-y lor the hist Ircmouuiius niRSsage. ho that it limy tliedl through tins nsssinuiiigv, und through nil the earth I Just, six words will compose trio message : and .1 touch tho key of this Gospel battery i list six tunes, and Iky .message lias gonol- Awav! Awav it ilins ! nil t lie incawigo is. ' I-Jiivo you reeuivad the Holy Ghost, i ". 'I hut is, do vou tori I.fis power r lias Tie enabled you to soiroM- over a wasnaj lifo, and take lull pardon from tho onluified Christ, nud turn vournicu toward tho wide open git ids ol n welcoming- heaven? ' ' 