DICKENS'S CHRISTMAS CAROL. Mrs W. H. Webster has succeeded in adapting a drama from Dickens's "Christ mas Carol which compliesso well with the conditions of actability that its production at the Academy of Music last night made a really enjoyable entertainment. The story is well-known to readers of Dickens, and depicts very strongly the mental tortures of one named Scrooge, who is the victim of distinct miserly predilections, and who in a dream is taken by spirits through various scenes which show to him in vivid colours the beautiful effects of good-nature and a desire to help our fellow creatures and sympathise with their difficulties. The variety and coherency of the story are maintained in the drama, and the appro priateness of the lessons it conveys are emphasised, while the scenes are not drawn out to too great a length. Theassistance of the limelight had much to do with the effectiveness of the scenes, and those engaged in the depiction of the various characters did so well that the applause which they received was thoroughly de served. Old Scrooge appeared in his office in the opening rejecting the hearty Christ mas greetings of his nephew, Fred, and grudging Bob Cratchit his day's holiday. Thereafter the ghost of Christmas past ap peared in appropriate costume, and conducted him through the scenes of his boyhood and youth, showing him the utter folly of his greed of money and the true contentment experienced by ,those whose pleasures were innocent and simple. The ghost of Christmas 'present then brought before his vision the enjoyments partici pated in by his immediate asscciates and their families, their sympathetic feeling for the little cripple Tim, and their eadness at his death, which is contrasted with the effect produced by the news of his own supposed decease. The last scene showed the awakening of Scrooge after his visit to Dreamland, and the change effected in his character. There was a good deal of music introduced in the drama, which made the performance of a more pleasing character, and some very pretty tableaux; while a portion of the dialogue served to cause a good laugh, which, according to the theory that..laughing makes men fat, may be regarded as being equivalent to positive aliment, or, if not, at least as a tonic. Dickens was indeed well aware of this fact, and therefore much of his humour may be said to have been based on solid peptic principles. With regard to individual characters, all those engaged appeared to have been careful in their study. The attributes of Scrooge were strongly accentuat!e, and the ghosts of Christmas past and present deserve special mention because they maintained the consistency of their spiritual characters so well. Miss Webster sang " The star of Bethlehem" very sweetly, her sympathetic voice beinm heard to great advantage. the Garrison Band played selections during the evening. There was a good Lou:e, and it is hoped that the attendance this evening, when the drama will be repeated, will be as numerous as the object for which the performances were arranged merite. 