THE OPPOSITION LEADERSHIP. Who is the present Opposition lead er? Since being tricked into that gro tesque alliance with Sir Henry Parkes, Sir George Dibbs seems to have com pletely lost his political bearings, and makes no attempt to exercise any ac tive command. Sir Henry Parkes, af ter bis brief and inglorious leadership, has apparently given up the ghost, and the fortunes of the Opposition trouble him 110 more. Yet the old lead er does nothing to regain the position out of which lie allowed himself to he beguiled. Mr. Lyne, the next strongest man, has gone away to tlie Ultima Thule of tlie remotest cross-beneiies, and- -left tlie discredited party to its fate. In this emergency all the work and all the responsibility fall for the time being upon Mr. Copeland, who now discharges the duties of "do facto" leader. Ever since the coalition fiasco lie has led in every attack upon tlie Government,- and sustained the whole brunt of tlie fiscal fray. When the House went into committee on the Cus toms Bill, after ho had led an unsuc cessful stonewalling movement against tlie second reading, he took charge of the Opposition amendment, which was intended to capture the labor party, but was again defeated. All this time Sir . George Dibbs gave no sign. When the adoption of the report was moved on Tuesday night it was Mr. Copeland who sounded the Oppositon retrioat.and gave the order to retire and concen trate behind the Legislative Council. Again, when the Land Tax Bill made its appearance, it was he who rose to reply, and move an amendment which, if carried, would, have brought the Op position back to power. In naming. the select committee to which ho proposed to refer the bill, Mr. Copeland pronounced, with a cer tain comic vindictiveness, what was plainly intended for the epitaph of the unfortunate coalition, and declared its leader to have been a political wolf in sheep's clothing. His proposal was to have all parties equally represented on the committee, and in selecting mem bers from each side he named Sir I-Ienry I'arkes amongst the representa tives of the Government. A few days ago lie was the accredited leader of the Opposition, who sent him forth armed with a unanimous caudfis vote to slay them. And in that enterprise he had no follower more enthusiastic than Mr. Copeland himself, who, as soon as the raid fails, hands him back to tlie Go vernment as a man of theirs of whom the Opposition have had tlie loan, but for wbose services they have no fur ther use. As this was done by Mr. Copeland in the capacity of acting Op position leader we may take it as the final and formal wind-up of tlie dismal coalitioir syndicate. Sir Henry Parkes is sent back packing to where he came from by the disillusionised party which, on false representations of his strength, was induced to follow him to defeat, and Sir George Dibbs remains so dazed and disgusted by the shock of events that he seems to find it impossible to re sume his old position. Hence Mr. Cope land at the head of affairs. It is one. of the most intensely ironical chapters in our political history, but in all other respects one of the most depressing. Whether it finally solves the question of the Opposition leadership belongs, however, to the sequel. 