CHURCH AT BARNES' BAY. Yesterday afternoon the Bishop of Tasmania proceeded in the steamer Huon to Barnes' Bay to lay the foundation-stone of the church about to be built there. Some of the Church of England clergy accompanied the Bishop, and a fair number of passengers embraced the opportunity of taking part in the ceremony. At times the Weather was showery, but not sufficient rain fell to interfere with the passage to and fro, or during the proceedings, and a pleasant trip was participated in by all, the passengers including some from Kingston. On arrival at Mr. Lindsay's jetty, the visitors were met by the incumbent, the Rev. R. J. de Coetlogon. and the Bruny parishioners, who mustered in full force. An immediate start was made for Mr. Lindsay's house, where, besides the Bishop, the following clergy round : - Revs. Canon Finnis, Wayn. Hurburgh, and the incumbent ; Rev. Geiss being also present. A procession was then formed, the gentlemen going first ladies next, and the Bishop and clergy bringing up the rear, the hymn " Onward Christian soldiers " being sung: as a processional until the site was reached, which is about a quarter of an hour's walk from the jetty. The order of service then commenced, 1 printed copies of which were distributed, every one thus being enabled to participate in the singing and prayers, Mrs. de Coetlogon ably leading the choir. The incumbent opened the service, Cannon Finnis reading the lesson from 1 Cor. iii. 9. The Bishop proceeded with laying the foundation-stone after the Apostles' Creed, the following words being used : " In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this foundation-stone of a church, to be called the Church of St Peter, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." A very cheering address was delivered by the Bishop, who spoke most enthusiastically of the open hearted liberality of the residents In contributing towards the erection of their house of God, almost every one of whom had made it a point to be present that day. One gentleman had given the whole of the timber required. others willingly worked in various ways, while the ladies were very zealous in rendering all the assistance they could ; the result being that very little cash will be required, and a church seating about 80 people will soon be an accomplished fact. The Bishop most favourably contrasted the laudable efforts of the Bruny people with any other parish to the diocese, and during his term of office, of about five years, he had consecrated at least fifty churches in the colony. A very gratifying response was made to the appeal for contributions on the spot, and the amount collected was considered highly satisfactory. After the Bishop pronounced the blessing the procession re- formed, " The Church's one founda- tion" being sung on the return to where the refreshment tent WAS erected. Very great praise is due to the ladies' committee in charge of this department, everyone being loud in their praise of the quality and quantity of eatables and drinkables, not forgetting the characteristic courtesy of the ladies, who administered to the wants of the hungry assemblage as only ladies can. , Tfad return home was accomplished with good speed, and plesMBt trial was spent swJMsaTd is)- JCsssBsr« r0ofcsrifcfcltaB)diaW tito LtèÊÊÊÊmMÊiÊÊà^ÊmÊÊÊÈÊÊÊmÊÊmÊÊm 