Choice Stories. Pierre aiifl Baptiste. A €iirii»us Burglary* » By Beckles Willsok. I ONCE knew two industrious mechanics named Pierre and Baptiste. They dwelt in a xamshackle tenement at Sault aux Bèlœuil, where each had half-a-dozen children to support, besides, their wives ; •who, it is grievous to relate, were drones. They were only nominally acquainted •with that godly art commonly associated with charwomen. Pierre and Baptiste were hard workers. They worked far into the night, and, occasionally, the thin mists of dawn had begun to break on the narrow city pave ments before their labors would cease. No one could truthfully say that theirs was not a hard-earned pillow. Sometimes they did not toil in vain. It depended largely apon the police. It was early one November that this horny-handed pair planned the burglary of a certain safe located in a wholesale: establishment in St. . Mark street. On the particular evening that Pierre and Baptistebit upon fot the deed, the head bookkeeper had been having a wrangle with his accounts. * I can't make head or tail of this Î' he declared to his employer, the senior mem ber of the firm, 'yet I am convinced everything must be right. An error of several hundred dollars has been carried over from each daily footing, but where thé error begins or ends, I'm blessed if I can find out.' The fact was that the monthly sales had been unusually hea*jyi^iad"tipt»tPT5f" the balance had beep»*nîslaid. The head book-kejéfrfer sggtft upwards of an hour in casting upWxh the entries of himself an&Ms; subordinates after tlie establish ment had closed its doors for the day. * Then he went home to supper deter mined to return and locate the deficit, if he didn't get a wink of sleep until morning. Book-keepers, it must be borne . in mind, have highly sensitive organisms, which, are susceptible to the smallest atom reflecting upon their probity or skill. At half-past eight the book-keeper returned and commenced anew his critical calcula tions. Be worked precisely three, hours and a half ; at the end of which period he suddenly clapped his hand to his forehead and exclaimed ;— . Idiot ! Why haven't you looked in the safe for a missing sheet ? Ten chances to one they have been improperly numbered !' He turned over the pages of the balance on his desk, and, sure enough, the usual numerical mark or designation in the upper left-hand corner was missing. Page twelve, in all likelihood, had slipped into some remote corner of the safe. The safe was a large one, partially receding into the wall and containing all the papers, documents, and several day receipts in cash and drafts of the firm. The head book-keeper, in bis efforts at unearthing the lost page, was obliged to intrude Ins entire person into the safe. Fearful lest the candle he held should attract attention from the street, showing .out as it did against the black recesses of the safe, upon entering he drew the door slightly ajar. As he stepped in the tail of his coat caught on an angle of -the huge riveted lock ; the massive gate swung to as if it weighed no more than a pound, and the book-keeper was a prisoner. , He heard a resonant click—that was all. His candle went out. The book-keeper at the outset lost his presence of mind. He fought like a caged animal. He first exerted almost super human strength against the four sides of the iron tomb. Then his body collapsed and, not for an instant losing conscious ness, he found himself sitting in a partially upright posture, unable to so much as stir a muscle. It was almost at the same moment, although hours seemed to have passed, that the drum of his ear, now abnormally sensitive, was almost split into fragments. A frightful monotonous clangor rent the interior «f the safe. The book-keeper used to observe after wards that a single second's deviation of characteristic thought and he would have gone mad. Stronger minds in a parallel situation would have indeed collapsed. But a weaker man can never confront the inevitable, but clings more stubbornly to hope. They are only weak individualities who, in the act of drowning, catch at straws; As the book-keeper felt himself gradu ally growing faint for want of air to breathe, his revivified hope led him to deliberately crash his fist into the wood work with which the interior of the safe was .fitted, in secretaire fashion, one drawer being built above another. This gave him a few additional cubic feet of air. ■ As may have been conjectured, the noise which smote the book-keeper's ear was that of a drill. Although acutely discerned within, the sound was practi cally smothered on the outside of the vault. At one- end of the drill was a cavity, rapidly growing larger, in one of the steel panels. At its other end was a heavy, warty fist, part of the anatomy of Baptiste, the industrious mechanic. Baptiste held the drill while his comrade, Pierre, pounded it in. Soon the two burglars became aware that some sort of animal commotion was going on within the safe. It nearly drove them into convulsions of astonishment. Baptiste was so startled that he dropped the drill. 'It is a ghost,' he said. Baptiste was for throwing up the job uncompromisingly on the spot, but this proposal met with obstacles. His fellow workman, who was of stiffer courage, re jected it with scorn, as savoring too much of the superstitious. Pierre had a large family to support, he argued. He speke frankly. They could not afford to throw away "the opportunities of Providence. To his friend and co-laborer, the burden Of hiß remarks was :— ' Lâche! Go hon ! Tou make me tired wiz yer ghpsts an' things. Let's not have no beast foolin'—see 1 De job is com mence : AUnns F Thé upshot of this was, that Pierre and Baptiste went'back to work. At the third crack of ihe drill, Pierre crossed himself, and said . ' Baptiste, dere's a man in dat safe !' Both men grew pale as death at the veiy suggestion. Baptiste, for instance, was so frightened he couldn't utter à syllable. His tongue clove to the roof of Ms mouth. However, Pierre, as usual, was the first to recover. He applied his ear, .fixât to the lock and then to* the drill-hole. . * Hey, in dere !' he cried, yet not so loud as to .be teard on the side- walk. To this tbew came a faint «espouse—& very faint shout inôHlf; it sounded as if it were a mile away :— ' For God's sake give me air ! I am locked in here. Try and buret open the safe !' The two burglars did not stop to talk, bujjf'ènt at once to work as if their own |flS^c^pended-on the result, instead of tfapRiysterious occupant of the vault. In less than four minutes they had a hole, somewhat smaller than the business end of a collar button, knocked into the panel of the vault. Then Pieere and Baptiste paused to wipe the sweat from their brows. The man inside breathed. It was now that the pair began to muse on the dénouement. Could this be a member of the firm or an employé ? This hypothesis jeopardized the success of the night's adventure, unless, when they had permitted the prisoner to emerge, they bound and gagged him into silence. On the other hand thiB course would have an ugly look. If he resisted it might mean murder in the end ; whereas, if they did not let him out at all, they would stand no chance of profiting by the pecuniary contents of the sale. Besides, as the man could scarcely live thus ontil morning, they would be responsible for his taking off. ThuB reasoned Pierre and Baptiste. These were not highly comforting reflections, but there was still another and a better in reserve. What if «fter all the man were himself a felon 1 In that case they would have merely to divide the spoils. ' Hey, in dere,'cried Pierre, suddenly struck with an idea. ' What is de com bination hof de. safe 1' * Fifteen—three—seventy-three 1' came back in sepulchral tones. . It was evidently growing harder and,| harder to draw breath through the tiny ^tEusjü; transpired that at tbwHffpira tion of firteèn",lgeicoûds,*fh"e lock of the vault gave back the same resonant click it had rendered eight minutes previously. Thanks to the timely advent of Pierre and Baptiste it opened as lightly, aB airily, and as decisively as it had closed 480 seconds before on the unhappy accountant. The head book-keeper gasped once or twice, but without any assistance stepped oui: into the free air. He was very pale and his dress was much rent and dis ordered when his feet touched the floor. But his pallor quickly made way for a red flush at perceiving the two burglars, with the implements of their profession strewn around them. Meanwhile Pierre and Baptiste them selves stood transfixed by the Bheer novelty of the situation. Without any kind of speech or warning, or without making any attempt at bravado, the book-keeper walked deliberately to his desk and rang an electric call for the police. Simultaneously it seemed, for so rapid and quiet was the action, he opened a drawer, took out a small revolver, and covered both burglars with a fatal pre cision. As he did so he uttered these re markable words :— * Gentlemen,11 would, indeed, be the basest of men if I did not feel profoundly grateful for the service you have just rendered me. I shall always regard you as any right-minded man should regard those who have saved his life with im minent peril to themselves or, which is just the same, to their liberty. Âny demand in reason you make of me I shall make an effort to perform—bnt my duty to my employers I regard as paramount, I have accumulated a little money, and with it I purpose to engage the best counsel in your defence, which is certainly marked by mitigating circumstances. If, on the other hand, you are convicted ' Here the officers of justice entered, having broken open the door with a crash. [The End.] 