THE SPEAKER AT FRANKLIN. Mr B. S. Bird, M.H. A.., addressed a; meeting of the electors in the Public Hall on Saturday evening, 10th inst. There was (says the Mercury) a large attendance, including several ladies. Mr W. Cuthberfc occupied the chair and Mr Bird said it was customary for him to visit the district at or near the opening of Parliament. He could not say he waa sorry at not meeting them earlier, as he waB now better able to talk to them about matters brought before the House. The Treasurer in his budget speech . fore shado wed the tax on the unimproved capital value, and also the amendment of the Electoral Act, but he, Mr Bird, was not in a position prior to this to address them, as he, with other members, was only brought in touch with the matter by the bill only being put in hands list night. Referring- to the public works scheme, he said some years ago there were thousands of pounds to spend, but now the. time of lavish expenditure had gone by, and in many cases there wa3 not the need of it, as there were good roads, although there were exceptions ; and it was a great difficulty now to find fche funds even for necessary works, and conse quently local works, such as the jetty at North Franklin, would have to stand over for a time. As to the question of taxation, legislators they had not arrived at finality, la that district residents had felt the bur den of inequitable taxation for many years past, as all properties had been taxed to the fullest capital value, whilst other jeoureas of wealth had for many years esoapad taxation- This was amende! to a certain extent last session by taxing other sources, but at the same time the land tax was increased to Id in the £1, and ' though this year the burden would not ( ba so great, yet, to his mind, it was very far off being equitable. He had always held that as nearly as possible everybody's wealth ehould be taxed according to his ability, and he was strongly of opinion that whilst land was taxed to its utmost taxation should tcuch all kinds of wealth, as it was a serious thing to make one bear heavier burdens than another. There should be equality of sacrifice, and then every man would pay according to his means. He would not now, nor would he when in the House, speak as a party min, but in. his position as Speaker be had to look upon taxation proposals in an impar tial manner. S bill he wished that the present meeting should be ab'e to see the justice or injustice of every proposal brought before the House. The Govern ment professed that they were making the taxation proposals more equitable than heretofore. There was some confusion ss to the meaning of the 'unimproved capital value.' The Government meant by it that it is the price at which the land would sell if there were no. improvements on it. In the bill the owner would be called upon to assess the land and also the value of the im provements. All lands highly improved — such as orchards —would be let off lightly if the tax was to be on the unimproved capital value, and he could quite under stand that. Take, for instance, a property valued at .£5000, but of which the unim proved capital value was .£1000; under the Government proposal the unimproved value would be taxed at fd in the £1. In addibicn, if the owner was also occupier, and supposing the residence was worth .£500, they also proposed to tax it at 5 per cent., making the annual value ,£25, which would be taxed at Is in the £1. But now look at the anomaly. If the man did nob live on it but Jet it, he would be utuieu. uu LL- pay bULau tiuitH [lit) amount! Why should the owner if he lived on it be called upon to pay .£4 odd, and if he let it have -to pay .£13 12s 6d ? This illustration would show that the pro posals had not been carefully thought out, and certainly did hob show that every man should be called upon to pay according to his ability. Mr Bird al3o gave other in stances snowing the unfairness o£ the pro posed tax. He favoured taxation on the annual value of all properties, and thought all wealth should t-8 taxed. Continuing, Mr Bird said he did not know if any proposal would ba made to introduce a system oE taxation like that, ? if so he would b3 prepared to support it. If he was selfish he would Bay to his audience that it »wu«A wo UUU.C7! IV QU|/pU£IJ UllfcJ yfL C DOU U yi. l^- POSed taxation scheme, but he did not ask them to be selfish, as he knew they were prepared to bear their fair shnre of tbe country's burdens, but they ehould nofc be called upon to pay more. Mr Bird then spoke of the bills brought in to amend the coEstitution, and also to amend the Elec toral Act, and reduce the franchise of both Houses, and 1o! provide for a dissolution of the L gis'a'ive Council. He thoroughly oa^iiudu iug jj Lithuania, e»Lm Daiu. nw wu eidered that in, every democratic oouniry weTOeiiBkouid.be entitled tj vote as well as inon, and especially as women have to obey the Jaws they should have a voice in sendiDEf .their .representatives to Parlia ment. He concluded by saying how pleased he was to attend and have a talk with them, and was quite prepared to answer any questioas. Some questions having been asked and replied to, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr Bird for attending and p acing legislative matters before the electors. Mr Bird having replied, it was decided, on tbe motion of Mr Thomas, seconded by Mr Innes, to adjourn until Saturday; 17th inst, and that the hon. the Attorney General, hon. H. Dob'son, and the hon J. Watchorn be invited to attend. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought proceedings to a close. A CampbeiiIi-stbebt Ghost.— -In the dark hours of Sunday morning a young man was wending his way homewards past the disused burial ground in Campbell street, Hobart (states the Mereury), when he saw a tall, white-robed figure stalking among the tombs. He did not run away, but ' went for' the ghost, only t~- find that it was a young woman in her robe de chamhre, and in a sound sleep ! While meditating as to what was to be done he was made aware of a man similarly attired, who asked him his business in a rather gruff sort of ?way. Explanations followed, and it came out that the ghostly-looking figure waa the wife of a respectable artizan, who, missing her from his side, rose from his bed and went to look for her, and found her wan dering in the gloomy necropolis. While removing a hedge at Witheridge, Devon, a labourer discovered three huge earthenware pitchers containing a number of silver coins the size of half-crowns, dating from 1600 to 1680. 