THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1895. THE SEPARATION BOGEY. *? ' »??? The people in that wide and important dhitriot, of whioli Coolgardio is the ad miniatrativo centre, have loudly express* ed a desire for larger ropresontation in Parliamout. With this laudablo and patriotic ambition Bympathy has, from timo to timo, been exprossod in those columns nnd olsowhoro in tho press. But tho difllculty in urging tho fulfilment of those wishes of our fellow colonists has always boon that their registered voters have not boon sufficiently Humorous to ouablo us- practically to back up thoir domand, and tho chief reason why thero hna not boon a larger registration has beon that tho only placo at which a voter could resistor himself was a very long way off and was othorwiso difficult of ac cess. Thia obstacle, howovor, will shortly beromoved by tho now Electoral Bill, and tho-chaugo will tako placo quite iu timotoallowof a lai'go registration beforo the next session of Parliamont; so that, when tho satuo domand is mado, forti fiod by tho ovidonco necessary for tho granting of it, additionalParliamontary representation for ,tho goldfiolda will follow. From such a redistribution and from tho largo additions to tho voters' rolls in othor places, the pooplo of Coolgardio may fairly look forward to tho ohonges in tho Constitution of Parliament for which thoy have olamouxod. It is also possible* that as tho rosult of chouges in tho olectorato, many porsous now enjoying a qualified ?prominonco may disoppoar from the political scone aud bo replaced byothors more to tho taste of tbo enlarged elec torate. Meanwhile tlio Government havo boon liberal to tho goldfiolds in ox. ponding upon thorn thoir full proportion of tho publio moneys which, thoy need tobo remindod, aro not wholly subscrib ed by thomsolves. Thoso facts and tho conclusion basod upon thorn, aro protty fairly understood and accoptod by most reasonable pooplo both at tho seat of Governmont and in Coolgardio itcoll1. Tiiafc conclusion is that the Coolgardio peoplowill bewiso to leave the matter of thoir rights to f urfchor representation to tho Government. During tho luafc fow months, Jiowom*, Coolgardie hna usurped tbo functions of the imagina tion in tho body politic, and has dreamed wild droams. Tho imagination is the special proporty of youth : its chief delight and its cheriabod joy. Bo ing tho youngest member, so to speak, of our community, and a vory vigorous and promising young member too, it is quite natural that Coolgardio should furnish us with youug men who oca visions and old men who dream dreams. Thoro havo boon a suooeBBion of thoao, including tho ' Golden holo,' and the 'jewoller'B shop,' (followed by Lord FingaU's tolegrapbio announcement of ruiu and his soriptitious disolaimor of wealth), and the Afghan cry. These as well a9 tho ordinary and natirral pbenomoua of rich mining diflcovorieB aro put boforo us in tho language of a poetry calculated to appeal to sentiment or inflame cupidity. Thelatostof these imaginings is tho idoa of Separation which chiefly differa from the others in boing first introduced to us in tbo bogey form. So far as its manufacturers can bo credited with intontion, it is meant not to create pleasure but to ezcito alarm. It would bo wrong, howover, to attribute a serious object to tbein« vontors of this grotesque ghost, painted, though it bo with throo wholo chauuoa of an Act of Parliamont which it bears ? on its speotral bosom, Tho child who protonds to frlghton its grandmother with a vertical soction of a ruBhlight onclosod in a hollow turnip, does not really oxpoot tho elderly lady to fall down in a fit, but is quite sntisflocl with the fictitious horror embodied in an oxolamation of ' Oh that dreadful boy again 1' And so tho Coolgardie pooplo will be quite satisfied with astonishing us after the sarao mild fashion, aud . winning our aoknowlodgomont of thoir \ invontivo cunning. Those who aro ). best acquainted with tho ways of tho juvonilo mind toll us that tho riotous gamo of mental ' mako-boliovo' is ; tho chief joy of early youth, and wo would not have it othorwiso. Only it ought to bo confined to youth and, when it extends into tho political sphere it should bo confined to Coolgardio and to youthful Coolgardio only. Tho timo will come when our principal goldfiolds town will be older and richer, and in publio affairs moro oarneat and sober-minded. In tlie meanwhile it is well that tho youthful caprices of Coolgardio should not infect thooo who are unabto t- put forward the exouso of immaturity ; for ? otherwise Wost Porth, with its 0,000 in habitants and its 2,000 voters, would begin to picturo itself as having a claim to bo a Boparato colony, with it own little Parliamont, and its own little Agent-Gouoral sitting in the ' Privy Council. 