! Wesleyan Charcli ' Rev. J. E. Moulton's Visit. Rev. J. E. Moulton, Principal of New ingtpn College, and one of the ' big guns'' of the Wesleyan Church, spent several' days in Milton during the week. He con ducted three services on Sunday and lec tured on Monday evening. Morning and Evening Services. The Sunday services were largely atten-. ded. The morning sermon was addressed to the Church, bused on the text Romans vi. chap. 5v., illustrated by facts in history and botany. By personal union with the Lord Jesus, our old bad life was crucified, and we lived a new, Christ-like life by His divine power. His was a living death, free and premature ; sp ours was to be a death unto sin, a dying life and a free.gift to God. g| .The .shadow. of- Gethsainene :ahd the Cross- ™ came to us all if we would receive it. . - In the evening the rev. gentleman dealt with the parable of- the pnodigal son, looked at from the elder brother's side (Luke xv, chap. 31v.), teaching .the lessons — 1, that it was a dangerous ? doctrine to teach that we can«ee life, and get right by and by ; 2, the elder son had no old sores to torment himj' and no ghosts of a former bad life to frighten him and spoil the pleasures of eld age ; 3, it was a .matter'of great 'difficulty to break off old, habits, ahd'sins ; and 4, the elder son had a rich reward 'for .his life of obedience— ' all that I have is thine.' Sunday-School Anniversary. On Sunday afternoon Mr. Moulton con ducted the school anniversary service in the church. There was a large attendance of children, the pupils of the Wesleyan Sab bath-school being augmented by those from the Congregational school. A good muster - of parents and friends also attended. The rev. gentleman addressed his remarks prin cipally to parents, pointing out to them the desirability of shielding their children from the dangers, allurements, and snares of the world. His remarks were based on the text, Hebrews xi. chap., 23rd v. : — ' By faith Moses, when he was born, was hid three months of his Barents, bueauso tliev ' saw he was a proper child ; and thpy were not afraid of the king's commandment.' ' He explained the circumstances surround ing the birth of Moses — the decree of Pharoah that all the male children of the Hebrews should immediately be thrown into the Nile. But Amram and Jochcbed, regarding Moses as a goodly child, and believing him destined to something nobler - than a sacrifice to the Nile, carefully hid him as long as possible, and when this was no longer practicable they placed him in the groat river in an ark carefully prepared against all dangers, from which he was rescued by Pharoah's daughter. Applying the story to the present day, Mr. Moulton explained that it was an inexorable decree that our children should be thrown into the river of the world, with all its dangers and evils. Every parent regarded his or her offspring as a most goodly child, and therefore the duty devolved upon parents to hide their children from the contamina ting influences of the world as long as pos sible, preparing them by Christian example - and precept and the forms of religion against the time when they would have to do battle against the storms and currents and dangers that would meet them through out life. Lecture on Tonga. On Monday evening, in the church, Mr. Moulton delivered an interesting and in structive lecture on Tonga and the Tongans. . Having had a residence of upwards of 20 years in the islands, he was thoroughly conversant with his subject, and sustained the intetest of his audience for an hour and a half, at which time he had only got well started. The weather had been threa tening all day, und tiie night was very dis- i to agreeable, so that the attendance was not Tpst large, %it those who^entured out were' amplyvtepaid,% The Mayor (Mr. J. Latta) presided. The rev. lecturer explained that the Friendly or Tongan Islands were situ ated some 2000 miles east from Sydney, and 1200 miles northerly from New Zea land, in the tropics. The group consisted of a great many islands. He explained the physicalcharacteristics of these. Some were due to^ubsidence, or the disappearing in the remote past of ^portions of a long strip of land extendirig'frpm the Antarctic regions ; others were the %ork of the coral insect (or flower^as he called it) j others, again,1 were the^ result rof volcanic action.. He^ gaye »? graffuc account 'of . the birth c f an islanlTvMchhe witnessed. A submarine volcano, suddenly erupted, , belching forth larva for some time, and leayiug.au island two iniles long and 40ft' high where. previ- ously had been water, and the island had since grown to four milei long. The soil was extremely fertile, and the indigenous products many a,nd varied. These the lee* turer detailed, giving, particulars of the yam, banana, bread-fruit, date palm, and other products of the vegetable and fruit kingdoms, which -were wonderfully prolific. The facility with which the natives could obtain all that was necessary to amply ius tain life was one of the greatest curses to the country, for it engendered idleness, and idleness led to many evils. As remarked by King George, Providence would have been kinder to them had He beenleas kind ; for undoubtedly what should have been a great blessing proved an evil. .And here the rev. lecturer had a tile agaiaat the socialistic reconstructed of society, who ?toe dndrous of securing « uniformity — n6 rich or poor, but all with a sufficiency. In Tonga he had set* this dead level of uni formity, and his experience of it was un satisfactory. There were no rich and no poor, and there was no iseentive «r stimulus to effort ; this stagnation was bad for the people. They wotdd be tetter tt there were rich and poor: this would arofae them to effort and activity. The Tongans were coffee- colored ptopt*, of considerable intelligence, being possetsfd of great brain power. He did not, however, place them on tTiesame intellectual level as the whites. He explained the manners and customs of the people, their social life, And family relations. ' The language was dealt with at some length, the lecturer stating that he himself had written down 16,000 words. The language was expressive, and more capable of conveying the feelings and stn timents than was the Anglo-Saxon. It was older than Hebrew, and there was now no doubt that the Tongans were descendants, of Urr of the Chaldees, the language being the ancient Chaldean. The music and the poetry of the people were discoursed upon, the lecturer explaining that chords un known to Europeans could be detected in the music of Tonga. He gave several vocal efforts of native songs (the impression left upon the hearer being that it was a fortu nate circumstance that the chords known to the Tongans were lost to us). Altogether, the lecturer explained that the Tongans were an interesting people, and there was very much more that he could say that would be entertaining and instructive, but time did not permit. An opportunity to resume the subject might present itself again. On motion by Messrs. H. Rauch and R. Pearman, a hearty vote of thanks by acclamation was accorded Mr. Moulton for his lecture, to which the rev. gentleman briefly responded, concluding by proposing a courteous vote of thanks to the chairman, which was warmly accorded. The Bene diction, by the Rev. R. Johnston, concluded the proceedings. 