BOOKS FOR THE YOUNG. Messrs. Blackie & Son, of London, Glasgow, and Dublin, who are among the foremost of the publishers who cater especially for young people, have furnished us with samples of this reason's juvenile litefetare,- accompanied by a catalogue which show? that tbeir entire selec tion is "a very extensive ope. Bojsandprls arc both well served, the former with thrilling adventures and the latter with stones of a quieter and more domestic turn. There is in fact an all but unlimited choice, which might prove a source of embarrassment to the bbfie?olent parent or guardian but for the circumstance that he cannot go far wrong in his purcliase, since the pabii?bers have tons fcriioyed the retmtation of issuing nothing but wholeSSiEft ?no f entertaining literature, The youngsters are odftafe to be pleased, and if their spirit of emulation^ flred at all it will be in the right direction. G. A. Henty, a voluminous writer, as he is an old favorite, is this year represented by several worts, two of which are to hand. In A Knight of the White Cross' be takes his readers back to tlio middle ages, and enter tttiite them withan account of the proweas of the famems Knights Hospitallers of St. John. It is afinostorv, capitally told, and embe?ishtdby a dozen page aiusttatkms. "TbrouKh RusEian Snowa,*:by the sam? sarlior, retells the dreadful story of Napoleon:a insane expedi tion td B??a in 1812. Th<J historical interest of the tds is enhanced by an exoeilent map, while eight flluSfcrations servo as aios to ihe youthful hoagiaatioa, .Ihv Gordon StabU?i. sadther exceedingly -popular wnter ?for boys, has dts*rfad his favorite grounds of adventure in the Arti?d ***?-<? on the?oast of Africa, and in "For Uiep* liberty " tas writtena talerf the Civil Warm AmetM?>nl?6l. His hero, an English youth, ie nnfortunately on the wrontr side in the quarrel. However, his adventures in the army, and those of *is friend Kenneth in the navy, furnish a sort of dirhted interest very gratifying to the young reader in whom nautical and military tastes are combinea. Hugh St. Legers "Hal low'een, abof," is ? tr?? mL Bto? r of adventure at sea, *m*elli9hed like the previous volume with BcveraJ riJusta* tions. UisathraiinKstory which may cap irtateevto oMer folk, for thesimpleandforpiMe etyte ii?parf? a sort of verisimilitude even to the incident of a derelict on the high seas haunted by a ghost The ahistratMMas, by H. J. Draper,- are remarkably good. A story which tragirt specially to appeal to Ans traUanbay* ''His JFust Eane*rojv by Arthur Ferrea, ?aoWB what c oapibfl time ? lad may have on ah Australian ea?*te.?tetooii in rounding up .wild cattle, Qtr'riiig buck* jumpers, and hunting kangaroos. Anotheratory" of colonial interest, illastoated, like the tore coiije volumerbj-PercySpenceis entitled "The Secret of the Australian Desert," and is by the well-known Australian writer. Ernest JFavenc, whd draws his inspiration from the records of Leiohardt's oxppoitiDa; In this story amuse ment and instructioii *&. combined, for no one can Bpeak with better authority on fto Bubjeet of Australian explojrarion than Mr. Faveno, who couples wim faa knowledge an exceedingly graphic Pjai. "AMumcil Genius," by the author of "The Two Dorothys;" is t, modem story of the adventures of a talented young violinist whom eocces in no way ?po)l*j Ac fllufitrations are t> JV H, B?ooh.^^"For the Baie of a Friend" is S'-tale ?l Maboaree school girl life by Marftsret 'Farter, who ' does Justice ttr the ? vivacity, tstteetueet, tod desemes? df Australian girls. The etoryia flluatrated byGi O. Hannnohd, who also sup plies *the jdfetures for GersSdine Modeler's r *Pr6ud IBsB Sydney," a young Udj wte by dint of long striving overcomes habits Of s?4-" nsnness and folly. A difierent girl is '"^Tllriil^iyte,' >>wno?e career ?? narrated by W. L. Booper. H&1 bnettJng Bin is disobedience, which brmgs Bef Sato numerous scrapes, and which she docVttti* overcome till she has a. narrow escape from drowning. "Ore illustrations aretrv Harold Copping. "Tie?aUorFortnne,"by Charles Pearbri, is ?tale of London Hfe, and ehoWB how an^tected?treet Arab came info posseesion tjf a BfaahgebedOestbya sea captain. From the -first page M the last there IB romantic adventure and incident iij abctnd?tice. The works, which range from 6s. to la. Sd., are issued in a variety of attractive cloth bindings 