ACT A POPULI. ? — « ? By The Flaneub. Poor Parkes's humiliation is now complete; his cup of sorrow is filled to the brim and even slop ping over into the saucer. In his recent pamphlet of concentrated envy and double-distilled spite entitled 'The Reid Fraud,' he led off by saying, ' My object is to lay bare the character of political quacks, tricksters, and hypocrites,' and then with wholly unintentional but particularly pertinent fitness he began to write a chapter all about himself and his alleged claims for ' 'olding hoffice.' That egregious blunder, as regards his real intentions, was bad enough, but later on he unbottled the vial of his stale satire, and dipping ins gooee-quil therein, he wrote : ' Politic.il leaders are not fashioned after the model of Mr Reid. ' Give a youngster a show' (a3 Mr. Reid requested) is not a stirring watchword for free men, particularly when the younyster in question is a short, portly, bald hevded gentleman of over 60 years of age.' The inference which Sir Henry wished us to draw, of course, was that free men would follow none but a strong, stalwart, vigorous young chieftain like him self ; one with ' Hyperion curls ; the front of Jove himself {front is remarkably appropriate in this case); an eye like Mars to threaten and command,' and a ' purty ' nose, the supercilious cock of which seems to defy the firmament of high heaven itself But Sir Henry's vainglorious attack made against the Premier on the score of his being on effete old buffer of half a century of years has just been triumphantly beaten back by the welcome an nouncement that there is joy in the house of Reid, for a son is born who is the very image of his dad, and who, if he is given plenty of time and Benger's food, will yet prove himself to be ' the chap to save the country.' It is a matter of some regret that the portly George didn't order triplets while he was about it, because, triplets are very fashionable at present, in fact no respectable family should be without a sample, and the arrival of a whole family at once would have beaten even Parkes's record, and (to copy from the Premier's last speech on Federa tion) ' completed the glorious work of Union.' Two men were riding on a tram the other day, and one of them, apparently for want of something more interesting to talk about, carelessly observed, 'I was over at Jenkinson's place just now, and I see he's got one of those talking machines at last.'' 'What— a phonograph ? ' exclaimed the othtr. 'No,' said the first man calmly; 'its a wife.' - ' Good 'Eavens ! ' shouted the second man «' What in sulphur did Jenky want to get a wife for?' 'Oh, bust me if I know,' returned the first man, with a yawn ; 'he grubs at the Corfee Palace, and he has a nigger to make his bed and slush about the house, an' hanged if I can see where there was any necessity to get a wife.' Then there was a long pause, during which both men appeared to be doing a lot of hard thinking ; but at last fehe first man seemed to settle the problem decisively by leaning over and remarking in a sort of confidentir, whisper — ' I have heard that Jenky has had the gout very bad of late. Praps he wants some 'un to nurse his lame leg and make his gruel.' It is satisfactory to find that some practical use has been found for a wife at last, for the subject is one that has given rise to a deal of serious discus sion of late. Some idea of the awful extent to which the trouble raged can be formed from the fact that it impelled that nice young M.P., Dowell O'Reilly, the champion of Woman's Rights, to break out in a bad attack of poetry, and after describing the terrible misery of the man who hasn't a wife — Froczied forehead, ' Beird. o' bristle', Pants horrid, Worn to whistles, Cuffs and collar Eunni g liofc. Hungry— holler- Dreadful diet ! the dainty Dowell depicts the celestial bliss of the man who, being a practical and economical sort cf cuss, 'borroivs a razor' to 'clear his chin for amorous action,' in order to ' woo and win a dear distraction.1' Possibly it may be the Parramatta fashion to kiss a girl with your chin, just as the Maori's salute each other by rubbing their greasy noses together, but I would respectfully ask the ladies what do they think of a champion who describes the heavenly joys of the honeymoon in such a slap-bang style us — Sc ittered rushes ! Ga,? carousal I B'oomsand blushes ! Tender tousle ! Why the thing is simply shocking, and I hold that Georgie Porgie Reid will be wanting in his duty as a Premier and a papa if he does not at once appoint a Royal Commission to sit on O'Reilly and ascer tain if he isn't as dangerous on land as a mano' war skipper is at sea. Coming back to the great question, ' Why do men marry?' however, Mr. O'Reilly with bruta^ plainness puts tke matter thus — Hearts nttm he % Grief ffon-s Pauts patch ol. Buttons on ! There you are, Iadie3 ! There's your doughty champion in all his repulsive nakedness, so to speak. He ' clears h.13 chin'— with a borrowed razor, too — and woos a trusting maid and wins her from her dear old home simply in order that he may have some one who will stick buttons on his shirt and half-sole and heel his pants for the sake of her bare bed and ' tucker !' Tnlk about harem life — why it would be a Sunday-school picnic all the year round compared with the pant- patching slavery to which the ruffian O'Reilly would con demn the sex he professes to champion. And as a fitting climax to his Armenian atrocity, he puts his soul-smiting sentiments into verse as well. We have been suffering severely from an epi demic of clever women of late, and one of these — Doctorina Emily Ryder, has declared that j'oung wives make the great mistake of doing too much for the first husbands they get. That, however, is a rather ambiguous assertion. Mrs. Maybrick did too much for her first husband— in fact, she did for him altogether — and, as I pointed out last week, some of the most famous of the world's women tuo ceeded in, killing their husbands with kindness in a similar stealthy style. What the Borgias and Brinvilliers did quickly and neatly, but intention ally, is, however, done slowly and nauseously, but unintentionally, by the young wife who knows rto more about the glorious science of cooking than a bandicoot does about bimetalism, and it was very nice on the part of Doctorina Ryder to add a rider to her most valuable discourse to that effect. 'I asked for bread and she gave me a stone,' sor rowfully murmured a poor tramp as he walked off loaded down with the first batch of bread the \ ? young wife who baked it gave him. And the still [ ' more unfortunate husband, overhearing the tramp's complaint, feelingly replied— 'Never mind, old party. It's a blazing good job for you that it wasn't some of her patent indigestible indiarublei: custard pudding that she handed out instead of that, comparatively speaking, harmless bread. I've got to eat the lot — and even smile as I eat.' And the tramp, touched with pity, said—' By gosh, I'm sorry for you ! But why the jumpin' Jasophat don't you go an' borrow a gun an' shoot it ?' Turning to the other side of the subject, I find one Mrs. Mayo has been lecturing to girls (as if they didn't know !) about the sort of boy— O that they ' should marry. Mrs. Mayo seems to have approach* d the question side-ways, like a billy-goat going to war, and pointed out certain signs by which girls - may detect the men whom they ought not to marry. Amongst other subtle suggestions the learned lecturess said, ' Ascertain does the man practise the Golden Rule of doing only unto others as he would wish others to do to himself? Ascertain does he delight in vul gar jokes about mothers-in-law or old maids? Does he tease his sister till the tears come into her eyes ? Does he call the servant-girl a 1 slavey ' ? (It seems his parents must keep ser vants.) Is he well-informed on all the gossip about the latest dancing-girl or music-hall singer ? Does he shove the cat off the rug the moment he wants to stand in front of the fire ?' That last combination just about takes tho cake. Does he favour the dancing- girl — does he kick the cat ? Next week I will lecture on ' Women a Man Should Not Marry.' One of those women will be the green goggled old party who talks through the crown of her hat, and another will be the strong-minded wo man of any age or colour who is caught chasing a mouse round a room with a broom. According to Mrs. Mayo's dictum, about the worst man in this city to marry to- day would be Editor 'Jim' Hogue, for speaking on the irre pressible Dean case the other night, this ruthless ruffian said — | ' If Dean had attempted to poison the motherin law we could have understood it, and there would have been some rational theory to base his guilt upon. But that he should poison his own wife-^— Impossible !' It affords me great satisfaction to be able to add that the gentle James, who talks so coolly about the ' rational ' act of poisoning a mother-in-law, is not eligible for marriage just at present. He is already .uumeu — very muun married, indeed, for twins were born to him not very long ago, and if the Theoso phical theory of re-incarnation is correct he will b j fitly punished for hi3 awful assertions just made by being turned into a mother-in-law himself at a future date. . - Dean, by the way, is likely to get a fair trial at last, for it would not be easy to select three better men than those just chosen to investigate his very peculiar case. When the Premier mentioned that three experts were to be chosen I had considerable fear for the issue of the case, as it occurred to me that Judge Windeyer might insist that the only trio capable of correctly sifting the subject out would be his shady friends, ' Geordie,' ' Josephine,' and ' Cissy.' Some one seems to have put arsenic in ' Cissy's ' chocolate creams, however, and she must have passed them round to her two accom plices, for no-one ever hears anything about them now, and Mrs. Mellon appears to have faded away altogether, to the unspeakable sorrow, I presume, oi: the ubiquitous old party who was always on hand when the fair Witch of Waverley fainted and was never tired declaring he could see her 'lower limbs ' shrinking before his very eyes. Apropos to 'Cissy's' chocolates and the fierce discussion which took place as to Avhether spirits could eat or not, I may remark that there is Scrip tural authority for saying they can. In the history of Tobias (which contains in a few lines the very best advice ever given on the momentous matter of marriage), the angel Raphael, having dined with the family of Tobias, revealed himself and said, ' I seemed indeed to eat and drink with you ; but I use an invisible meat and drink, which cannot be seen by men.' ' Cissy's' food could be seen by her friend. — and they had to pay for it as well. What sort of a spineless, soul- less bowel-less creature is this Mayor of ours at all? Every time he comes to the front he comes backwards, as t were, and whenever he opens his mouth he is not content with putting one foot into it, but he must poke in two, and the greater part of his pipe-stem calves as well. The more I hear of him the more I am reminded of the tale told of an American tenator wiio while slangwhanging an opponent said. . . . . . — ____ — 'Gentlemen, there is a theory, pretty well sub stantiated by facts, that a death and a birth always occur simultaneously, and that the spirit of the dead man enters the body of the new-born child. Now, I have carefully investigated the record of my blatherheaded opponent, and I find that when he was born no one died at all.' And I don't be lieve anyone died when Soapy ' Sammy' was born —unless it was the Kiama Ghost. When Mayor Lees first donned the Mayoral robes he seemed willing to allow the Town Hall to be used for anything from a Governor's banquet to a dog-fight, but the row raised when he favoured Harry Foran's request to be allowed to orate therein, made him so deuoedly careful that he would hesitate now about letting the Hall even for a Boyne Water ceremony. In response to the powerful deputation which requested the use of the Town Hall to advocate the re-opening of the Dean case, slippery Sammy gave such a half-hearted con sent that it was worse than a straight-out refusal, and furthermore, he had the colossal impertinence to actually instruct the people how they should conduct themselves in their own Hall. They were not to make any harsh reference to either Judge or Jury, and in addition this self-appointed moral censor insisted on madifying the 'language of the rssolutions so that it would, not offend the sensitive ears of that polite society in which our mushroom Mayor is at presenc tolerated. As a combination of ignorance and impudence this would be very hard to beat ; but his Worship rubbed it in when he afterwards declared that he would not preside at the meeting in question. This wa- ??nthing less than a positive refusal to do his duty as Mayor, and it is just about time that Mr. Lees was taught that the business of presiding overthe. Sydney Municipal Council is vastly different irom that of running an Orange Lodge, or cleaning out the Kennel of the hide-bound Yellow Pup. It is said that the Mayor gave as the reason of his refu sal to preside at the ' Dean' meeting ' his disin clination to aid in bringing pressure on Bench or Executive.' If that is true, it was the crowning mistake of all, for only a few weeks before Mr. Lees made one of a deputation which endeavoured to bring enough pressure to bear on Bench and Executive to secure the release of his old political mentor and brother lodge-worker Francis Abigail. The less Mr. Lees explains about his Mayoral con duct the better, for, like a muck-heap, the more it is shaken up the more it — well, the more it ' offends the olfactory nerves,' as Sammy will elegantly observe when he receives that knight hood bauble which Lord Hopetoun promised to 'see about' as soon as he had time to call on his friend Queen Yictoria. A great deal of something worse than rubbish has been let off of late — principally by women— con- cerning the alleged necessity which is said to exist for mothers to encourage the discussion of question able subjects in the presence of their daughters on the plea that ignorance is not innocence. Our mothers and grandmothers seem to have got along all right without this ' inestimable blessing,' and there is no earthly reason why the daughters of to day should be more enlightened as regards the doc trine of dirt than the old- time .. women were. Luckily, the old-fashioned womanly woman, is still in the majority, and one of these recently.' told the following story, by way of showing the effects that, in the majority of instances, this undue freedom of 6peech is likely to produce. A certain girl having the misfortune to be born into an ' advanced idea' family, was in the habit of hearing the lives and surroundings of her elders freely criticized, and was kept well posted in the world's wicked ways in general. What was the re3ult? Before she was twelve years of age she knew considerably more than two fools and a mad man could toach her ; she had forgotten more than her grandmother ever knew; and she was suspi cious of theconduct of every woman she sawor heard of. One day her schoolmistress asked her 'Who was Moses?' and she promptly answered, 'He was the son of Pharoah's daughter.' ' Oh, no,' cor. rected the teacher, avIio was not an ' advanced,'' but merely a stand-still sort of woman — 'Oh, no, Moses was not the son, but the adopted son of Pharoah's daughter ; she found him in the river Nile.'1 ' Yes, so she said,' replied the premature woman ; 'but that little fairy tale about him being hidden in the bulrushes won't go down with me !' An unjust suspicion of woman's actions and a ready assumption of the very worst motives far them were the only lessons this child had deducted from the knowledge imparted to her before her mind and experience were capable of receiving it. Byron wasn't far wrong when he said Avomen should not be asked to study anything except religious books and cookery books. 