FICTION. A Live Ghost. (Continued.) ' What has Van Eyck been doing tbese two years !' Tom asked pre sently. ' Loafing, as usual, and making love to Miss Nesbit.' ' Has that occupation Been suc cessful ?' '.Slow but sure, those say who pro fess to know. There are bets — bad form, those bets !— that Miss Nesbit will be Mrs Yan Eyck before Christ mas. Keep cool, my boy,' Wynne added, with an odd change of tone, and a glance across Tom's shoulder to wards a man who was approtfffhing them. Tom rose. The newcomer Btood stonestill. Eor a moment they Btared at each other, with a gaze of such en tire mutual comprehension that words were needed merely for its disguisB. ' Alive, after all the weeping and wailing for you is ended ? Yery in discreet, Mr Stuart,' Yan Eyck ex- i claimed. I ' You evidently did not share the general belief in my death.' ' I rarely share a general belief, even in matters which concern me more deeply than the rumored death of an acquaintance.' 'This rumor took the form of a cable gram sent by a servant whom you recommended to us.' ' I stood sponsor for the fellow's cooking, not for his veracity, or his sanity.' The short sentences, sternly swift as the firBt passes in a duel a la mort, ceased sharply. Daring another long moment neither man moved — a mo ment in which Tom fought a nobler battle for Mabel's future happiness than ever knight of old waged for his lady's name ; and the adversary he conquered was his own fierce desire to strike his clenched hand against Van Eyck'a sneering smile. ' Good, night, Wynne,' be said, rather breathlessly. ' Being a ghost, X am inspired by the weli known ghostly liking for solitary prowling.' Without further word to Yan Eyck he walked down the room, followed by Wynne. 'Right. you are,' that gentlemau murmured, rejoicingly conscious of having escaped complicity in a plot. ' I doubt whether you could prove any thing, and rascality, unless proved, seems, like blackguardism. Clever rascal, he is, eh ? Neat,, that hint about the cook's sanity. Breakfast with me to morrow, at 10, my boy. I'll hunt up two or three old chums, and we'll drink to your new lease of life.' Yan Evck was turning over an eve ning paper when Wynue passed him again. ' Has Stuart been interviewing his disappointed heirs?' he asked lan guidly, ' or did be lose his manners in Africa ?' 'He has had a curiouB experience.' '1 should like to hear how he enraged my very peaceable cook.' ' He sayB the cook had no cause for grudge against bim.' Yan Eyck shrugged his shoulders. ' That is a statement which few will believe, even though a man returns from the dead to tell it,' he quoted, cynically. Then he rose. Ta ta, Wynne,' he said, without offering his hand — perhaps because Wynne's remained rigidly pendent. ' I sail in the Majestic to morrow, due in Scot land next week for the August shoot- ing.' ' Scotland ! Capital idea. You couldn't do better,' Wynne declared and went to dinner chuckling softly. ' Tom wins, by Jove, after throwing down his cards. And there must be one woman yet as constant as Pene lope.' Tom Stuart, however, had not thrown down his cards. Though he had resolved to leave unaccused the man who bad by such ingenious treachery won Mabel from him. He owed it to her to write her of his re turn, and of his unchanged love, not mentioning Van Eyck's name per haps. As Tom walked swiftly along a way that had used to be the way to Paradise, there drifted across the tu mult of his thoughts some lines which thrilled him wondrously — There's a time in tbe lives of most women and men When tangled threads would grow smooth and even If only the dead could know just when To come back and be forgiven. Was this ghostly coming back the ' just when ' ! Surely he would not Iobb the chance of it ! Mabel, of course, would be out of town ; he could get her address from the caretaker left iu charge of her house, and she should have his letter before seeing Yan Eyck again. . Yery bleak and black the tall house looked as he rang— darkly different from the brilliant welcome its lighted windows had been wont to offer him. ' Her address, is ! She's here herself — come into" the City for a couple of dayB,' the caretaker replied to his demand, then vanished in haste to finish one of the perennial meals of her class. The drawing room, despoiled of curtains and portieres, yearned before him, a dim cave, with an atmosphere redolent of linen furniture covers in stead of mouldy stone, and into its depths he stumbled. Yes, she was there, rising tremul ously from the shadows, white as the vision she believed him to be. ' Tom ? Tom ! Is this dreaming, or dying !' she whispered, awed but not afraid ; not afraid, because love, thank God, is mightier than death or fear of it. With this thanksgiving he took her in his arms, and forgave the rest of the world its treachery and its forget- fulneBs. The End. 