Fatal . Scliopl Panic. ExcitinejDetails. . ; A sad calamity ocoured' on the night of December 6, in u schoolroom in, an, outlying district of 'Belfast by wliiob' four obildfen lost tlieir lives, und about ,30 'others : woro more or less ' injured,'" (says tho ' Daily C/iron(ele)., t It uppears that it' performance:, entitled, :",The Costumo Reoitivl1' wiis briug. 1 given by/ a company who Btyloa themselves Gcoi'go Arthur and Co., aiid aS tlio prices of iidmissi- in ranged from Id. to 3d,, tho building, whioli , is capable of seating about 400 people, wus crowded, the groator portion of those presont.beiiig oliilciron. As tho pcrformanco procoedod someono tuiiied out tlie gas, nnd n panic ensued, resulting' in a stimipedo for the stuiroasq. Hero tho audience got jimmied tooother, tlio majority of tlio.-o in front falling headlong to tlio bottom of the 9tuiro iso, and tlio others coming pell-moll on the top of tlicm. A torriblo .scone ensued,. Hie smaller children being trampled upon iii the attempt to roiteli the exit, wliioli wot found to be closed. YVlion un ontranoo. waa'offeoted by another door and the light turned on, it. was found thai four of tho ohildron' were already dead, wliilo a largo number were in an utterly exhausted state. The names of the children who woro suffocated uro Dennis Dwyor, aged 6 years ; Eiuly M'Koown, 10 years ; John Connor, 8; Annio Campbell, .. 7. Another littlo girl, named Maggio,. was terribly injured, her lifq being despaired of. There were four ohildron severely injured, their names being YVilliam Killough, Thomas Fallooii, John D -horty, and Jqsopli Cussjdy. These wero nil taken to tlio Royal Hospital, where thoy remain under treatment. The representative of a news agency yesterday morning interviewed a number of people who wore present when tho pnnio occurred. One mun iiunicd Peter Gassidy, of 65, Cyprus strco , who took his little girl, four years old, to tlio show, says : "Thero was a rush by the popple bohind for tho door, und then tlio children in front got terrified, nnd scrambled over every thing, trying to got to tlio door too. I was towards tho front, and I picked up biy little gil'l and put her in tho room behind, out of, tlio rush, und wont tho longtli of the stairs to try if I could find a light anyliow. Thero inuqt liuvo boon a liorriblo crush ' oh tho stairs at tbo time, though I oould not see. Til1 women and tho poor children were shrieking and soreamiiig. At the time the gas went out I did not hear anyone sliout-ing ' Murder,' or Ghost,' or ' Fire,' ; but thero wus plenty of shrieking ' Murder ' and ' Hoip ' afterwards. " The children, ran over each other, nnd tumbled ovor tho forms to got to the door, and somo oftlieglussin the windows wns smashed ; but I don't think thut anyone was hurt in tho room. " It waswlion they got to tho stairs that tho misohiof began." Another eyo-witness suys:— "Thoso who had boon ublo to struggle to tho bottom of the stairs .wero thrown down and trampled on, and thoy becamo heaped in a mass ut tho door, piled ono on top of the other." Several hearty roading scones wero witnossed when tlio little hoy M'ICeown, of 8 Dunlewy street, wits don- voyod lioine. His mother wiih completely over come by tlio occurrence. A littlo girl named Rose Tuggart, was removed shortly after mid night to her own homo iii Linden streot. She is about 1 4 years of ago, and ut tbo time .of removal was in an almost hopeless condition. Tho constabulary authorities are closely inves tigating the affair, and tlie Lord Muyor of Belfast has visited tlio scone. Tho Central News says:. A girl of 18, named Nowell, who wcis at tlio show with two young sisters, took th'oni by the liand when tho lights were put out, and, making for the stairs, found liorself iu tbo middle of tho crush. Sho is a strong young woman, and battled bravely to savo her sisters as long its sho was able : but ultimately bbo fainted, and wliou extricated was still in an unconscious condition. Her sisters wore, however, both uninjured, owing principally to lier efforts on thoir bolmlf. Annio Campbell, ono of tho deceased, was not identified until yosterduy morning. "When extricated from tlio crush life was found to bo extinct. On her forehead extending back to tho top of the head was a large scar, and she was nlso much bruised about the body- She wus earned into tbo houso of u woman named Trninur, eloso to tlio school, and a description of lier was told from ono to another, _ but although numbers of peoplo were admitted none of tliom could givo tlio least oluo to her identity. Amongst thoso who saw lier wero n number of teachers. Finally n littlo girl said sho believed tho body wus that of AiinioCump- bcll, and tlie hitter's mother wns ut once summoned from Milford street/close by. Mrs. CumplicU said sho thought hor daughter was playing in.the street, hut on going into tho room where the body lay, she ut once identified it. The scene was n most pathetic one, and all those prosont wero moved. Tho mother uppeurod dazed, and repeatedly uttered words to tlio effect tliut slio novor imagined her littlo girl would ho brought to lier lifeless. She then broke down, and her piteous wailing only ended when those around offered to convey tlio body home. Tho sad affair has produced great excitement iu Belfast and the neighbourhood. 