Our Family Ghost Story. There are things in earth and sky more than our ! philosophy ?Understands, and one of these our household saw ; And I say to you who read, this is solemn truth indeed, Howe'er it seem opposed to nature's law. We were ' moving' one fine day to a house not far away, And the youngest of the familv went firs!;. When we others followed late — they stood cluatered by the gate So pallid that we prayed them ' Tell the worst.' It appeared that down a crack in a floor May peered, and back She started, for an awful thing was there : 'Twas a hideous blood-shot eye, with a leer of cun ning sly, Whjch stared at her with a most malignant glare. Poor May shrieked out in fright, and indeed near swooned outright ; The others came, and made by numbers bold, Each in turn peeped down the crack, and the dread ful eye looked back With an aspect that in words could not be told. But every one agreed it was very vile indeed (Though difi'ring in opinion on its hue) ; Full of evil far too great to be found in mortal state, And destitute of head and body too. It moved, or so they said. Indeed, Grace whispered 'Don't tell the others, but I almost think Though I can't be certain quite — that for me it has a spite, For when I looked it gave a horrid wink.' Then we looked and saw it too, and we found it ghostly blue, No tint at all of any earthly sky ; And ife leered up in a way seen in man would make one say — Very drunk roust be the owner of that eye. Then standing close together, we asked It loudly, whether There was anything It wanted heard or said, And we paused foi a reply, and Flo said she heard a sigh, But to us there seemed the silence of the Dead. Well, we could not spend the night in that state of dreadful fright, So calling in a carter from the yard, We said that down the crack something was, we wanted back, Would he raise the board for half-a-crown reward. Would he ? Of course he would ! And his word he soon made good, ' ? ' For yawned a chasm where the crack. had been ; While we stood a trembling crew, dreading much ffunv uuguu eii&ut;?, And what unearthly thing might next be seen. Till our boldest little Clare with a would-be dauntless air, Stepped forward, and we followed close behind ; All peered down, but light of day had scared the eye away, And not a trace we ever more could find. And our carter said ' Good Lack,' there ain't noth ing down this crack 'Cept this bit of broken mirror, do you mind. ? ' ? O. B. 