RICHMOND. j Mrs. C. Houghton is in town again for a time. Mr. Richard Ezzy, senr, has gone away to MiJ^horpe, near Orange. The tender of A. Peterson, ¿"13,8/- has been accepted for repairs to the North Richmond Public-school. Mr. W. A. McDonald", late of the Bank of N. S. W., Richmond, is now treasurer to the Queanbyan Hospital. A moonlight concert is to be held at MOB. J. Ezzy's, Kurrajong, on Wednesday evening next, in connection with the Church of England. Mr. tírnie Huxley, the well-known crack rider, son of Mr. I, Huxley, was in Richmond last week, and is looking in the very pink of condition. Some Richmond residents are en deavouring to arrange a trip to St. Albans about the 23rd February. The outing should be a pleasant one. The Mayor of Richmond shook hands with the ghost the other night at the School of Arts entertainment. He says that that ghost was a rather substantial one. Those who ought to be " in the know" think that either Mr. Ridge or Mr. Hough will top the municipal poll on Saturday. Great interest is taken in the question as to who will be Mayor. Mr. L. Pitt, son of the genial George Matcham, junr, of that Uk, went away on Tuesday to Tasmania, for a holiday. Mr. George Woodhill leaves for the " tight" little islandais Saturday. The work of erecting the Hawkesbury Agricultural College is satisfactorily pro gressing. The College buildings make the ¡ place look as though a small township was growing up over there. The Building on the corner of Windsor and Bosworth streets, at one time occu pied by Hary Fong, is on its last legs, and will surely come a cropper ere long. Harry ought to thank his stars he is not in it now. Mr. A. L. Hough quite astonished the natives on Tuesday by the eloquent manner in which he-as a candidate for Municipal hours-spoke. He should make a valuable acquisition to the Borough Council. A visitor to Richmond and Windsor last week was Mr. G. Leggatt, of Eldo rado Station, Louth, near Bourke. Mr. Leggatt is married to a Hawkesbury native, and his wife has just purchased a property from Mr. Stanford, on the Comleroy- road. The Hon. Minister for Mines and Agriculture, Mr. Sydney Smith, who is to open the Floral Fete on Friday next, in connection with St. Peter's Church of England, will be tendered a luncheon at the Royal Hotel, by the committee of management. Yarramundi folk naturally object, under the Local Government Bill, to be tacked on to a financially rotten municipalty like Penrith, and are petitioning to have a shire or division to their own little cheeks. Yarramundi is growing, and a goodly number of new faces are to be seen in the locality of late. Owing to there being this week such a demand on our space, we have had to hold over a very readable account of Principal Thompson's trip up North. Mr. Thompson travelled 55^ consecutive hours in train and coach, without stop ping 20 minutes at any one place. A number of cattle belonging to Mr. G. Bowen, of Bowen-mount, were being driven over Richmond bridge on Satur day, when the rails were down on account of the flood. Sixteen of the animals jumped into the river and swam over to Enfield side, whilst one got under the bridge and was drowned. At their union sale on Saturday last, Messrs. Hough Bros disposed of 60 fat cattle, 25 stores, io horses, io pigs, poultry, furniture, and sundries, all at satisfactory prices, save the poultry, the market for which was dull. There were fully 300 persons present, despite the fact that races were being held at Clarendon. Mr. Wm. Dunstan, of Kurrajong, re cently spent a pleasant week with Mr. J. Blundell down at Peat's Ferry, fishing. They caught several sharks. Mr. Blun dell who was a heavy looser by the flood, will go to live near Peat's Ferry shortly, as he has a farm there,-the farm owned once by Captain Peat, and after whom 