POINTED PARS. Tiie Govetmnont sit— north of tho Lyne. ' "A now Justico "'—Sir William Win- doyor. Lyno, londsr of iho Opposition is out of his latitude. Miss Itouusvoll, Dcoming's delight, has imiriod n rich Cnnndian. Tho talking horso of Fitzgerald's . now circus was foaled at Bathuret. A 6on of -Dalloy -will 'shortly ho ndurittcd to tho bnr. That SuHIohl caso will yot priivo a iniscr- tblo miscnriingo of justieo. Gambling in still rampant in tho strcots of Sydney. Evidently tho evil is irrepres sible. : i.' ' " The hieroglyphics in tho-" Chineso Her ald" nvo likened to tho footprints of n drunken fly nftcr ko hns crawled out of tho inkpot. " " ' " It is really tiino that somobody inter jected that ho is . satisfied with' tho Win- doyor verdicts. ... Onco upon u tiino' thoro was a . politician nnntod Farkcs. Where is that groat states man now.? It. Hi. Mciighor,isnot in n hurry to mako his iimiden spoccli in Piu'lintnont. ' 'flint is lit joasta good sign. . ... . r; - r- ' ; iv Tlio " Sunday Ttmos " hns omluiod moro libel actions than any journal so ith of the lino. A lietling matt in ICing-stroot, Sydney, lias Hoycr boon known te pay out except to tho polieo ntiil a bribed bully. Froinici' Forest, of Wostralia; is an unto- cmt. . Bibbs is only a mild dictator com pared to lntn. 'l'lmtMount Itonnio bnstnocs looks blacker daily. Tlio Govornmont mako no oITort to weigh tho frosh testimony available. Tlio liquor tiiido in Molbou.-no is in a very bad wnv. Never mind; tlio liquor trado has put not a few of its patrons lu .ii had wny in tho past. Tho " browor " hns got Ills wish at last-, and nearly overy hotel in N.S.W. is within his grasp. Hut ho finds it a caso of " tho dog. nnd . tho shadow." - " Toby Barton's brothor, " G.l!.'', is lnon- tionoil ns tho flrst editor of thopnijacUsl " Australian Times." Ada Colloy, tho Auctraliou soprano nmy prove a socond Madamo Mulha. She is a native of Sydney. ' Why did Lyao wilik out of tlio Chamhor wlioii Oppositionist l'rioo was speaking and a quorum was asked fur ? Mr. Eddy woiikl uaver mako a politician. IIo is too sensitive uml is iu moral droud of criticism. ... . Tho biggest ndvorliaing quack " dootor " loft tho " profession " with a fortuno long ago. His peculiar business is now curriod an by a uinii who'hss not tlio ghost of u diploma. ' ' Commissioner Eddy proiosts ho never loukod for n job, wliilo nwny. IIo will ac cept that £3000 a year without any incrcaso whatever. Jaw Bono Nuild throiitenod to " speak at length " tlio other night; and a groan was heard from every quarter of tho llouso. Anothor . torrihlo ..thing, happoned — the chainbcr cleared in no tiino. 11 Now Zciilaiul 'is not tho huppiast hind nndor tho sun, notwithstanding Woman's siiffriigo anil otlior doinoiratio oxporiinoiitr. riio ostimated dofioienoy for next your is £130,000.;. '"J Frank Cotton, tho ono-iimo singlo taxor, now Biippnrts exemptions, j But why should not Cotton chnngo tho lliroad ns woll ns any otlior positivo politician ? Tho opinion of Mr. McMillan on 11 o policy of tho' l'roniiar would ho interesting. The ox-Tieasuror intcrviowed in Melbourne rofitsed to ho drawn. \- Whon tho division hell rings tho Labour memhors filo out of tho dbimho-mom and crowd tho Ministerial heuehes When the voto is tukon thoy innocently inqu're the point which was boforo tho Houso. It is uttorly and nbsulutoly impossihlo to understand Iho loading rambling articles in tho matropolitau pross nil tho subject of land taxation. Xlicorios bavo boon ominci- utod until tho gontlo rondor doos not kuiiw whether ho stands on his lioad or his heals. Mr. See savs ho is not sanguino ns to the rosult of tho futuro. Evidontly' tho ox- Tronsnrer thinks thn Govornmont will last and his return to tho Tr'niury wiil bo in definitely delayed. This is lloid all over. " Tlio country did veto for what I nskod." Now tho ot.uulrv wonders what tho douco th'jy did voto for. When Euffaimg nnd recovery rotrihulioii sots in. .-'. Lifo in N.S.AV. under tho British Flag— Quack: doctors ponmttcd to nmrd ii' iho coming, lnco: , by- thousands. Justice is sti.uno 1 nnd moil hnugod and fills ly im- jnisoii'.d. lhiboiy nnd eoriiijitien remain Imgatollo. ' Immorality of tlioimost modern onlor is rampant! . 'Gainhling nnd drinking oil /lA . Adultoriilinn of spirits,' foods, etc., quito an' ordinary business. And still wo keep l'ie M.'sl'. and n Parlimnont Hois' at a cost of over £iiO;flflO n year to make laws. ; Mombors hnvo their oyes upon tho Public Works Committco billots. Thoy nro woith £10 or more n week each, which with tho wnlcomo £G n week innko political lifo worth living nnd general oleotions bonrahle. Mr. J. C. Noild waxed vory iudignnnt with tho Govornmont nnd voted against n clnuso of tho Land Tax Bill, declaring ho would do his host to defeat tho bill in "an othor place." Then Mr. Itcid coaxed him quietly, nnd tho lioroio meinbor npolugisod to tlio Premier tliroo times without a pause. ' a - i' ; ; ' A distinguished Hivino .o'uro scandalisod Sydiioy by assorting a largo proportion of tho singlo young women of tho city " stoop- oil to folly." So violent was tho upheaval against him that ho had to resign his ' in cumbency. Now qualified modical' men dcchirollint the young woinnnbood of tho metropolis is boing ruinod body nnd soul by qunck experimentalists of tho Sheridan calibro. Whilo unfortunnto civil servant and cin- ployoos aro hoiug " sucked " roinoreplessly tlio room of Enginccr-iii-Chicf B. E. Hiok- ton, lias just bcon newly dccornted with a carpet which cost this distracted country £60. But this is only a small oircumfer- onco. i M.L.A. C'nun imagines that tlio pross is a too forwaixl dog, and ho wants to tio him- solf on its tail to frighton it. Funny, hut ompty cans always mako a doal of useless noiso. ' . 