'BOUT TOWN. (By 'A Ghost.') ' But that I'm forbid 1 could/a tile unfold whose lightest word would harrow up thy soul.' — Shakespeare. - The storming has begun. General Ashton on Thursday evening took up his position on the hustings ; entrenched him self behind a table and glass of water, threw up the usuaL parliamentary earth works. and bringing hia AehUm*Bc»ry George gun to bear, blazed .awav io a desultory faehion fur about too hours, j Interviewing him he Gaid, when be first | jnined the army, he quire bubbled over ! | with iho prodigious enthusiasm usually seen in newly awakened converts, the freshly reclaimed booser for epcresaive preaching was not in it, and when he steamed triumphantly into Sydoey a year ago, it was with the undoubted conviction that hia ono idea gun (he didn't know at the limo what a wnni out second-haud uffairlit was) wauld io Ida hands deal auoh execution that ere this he would be ? well, perhaps, Premier. But no, and I felt for him, as he eaid it slowly and dis appointedly u He saw clearly that they rpould not get great reforms bat by slow and painful stepB.' After ''tea' potting one arm.aod spouting oat with (he other ' for twelve mouths, he had oome to the conclusion that other fellow^ had brains, and no matter how - unanswerable his owq bogie seemed'tn hiuaself, when he pressed it with all the dloqueoce of his, fi-ry untrained jrntare they {the other blokes) only looked at him in a dull and ud sympathetic manner, and proceeded' with *tiie --business pf the country. And now here*s- the whole I'-u'ly thing to be done over again. As I left him and the scene of operations that Thursday evening I could uot not help thinking how much it was to be regretted that the Premier had not proposed in (he late Parliament that a committee, enneisting of the honorable member for Bay (with power to add to I his knowledge of - practical politics) be formed' to reform the Upper House. This would have saved the country's time, and a whole oolooy of heart-burningB, ^eliminations, &c.; Bnt never mind, t% Jimmy,' take no notice of the 'Ghost,' you're ' owre young yet,' and there ib plenty of time for your (political) life and ideas to expand, so thut next time ' you measure swords with the best of them,'1 you uny coma nff *better. Go light on. Il has been asserted thai reverenoe and devotion are attributes conspicuous by their absence in the average Australian natives. It may be so, but certainly the devotion and worship of one man for another, when-found in this degenerate age, fifle me with soft feeliug* akin to pity. When J saw that that speech was to be printed, although a day late, and honored with a 'special edtition,' I could hot help thinking seine of the delay I had pcobably beeu caused by time spent in hand shaking1, mutual admiration, adulation, and other forms of hero wor ship Wny not immortalise it and its author by sending a copy to the Suicide Club in New York It would certainly kill any fellow stone dead to read it right through. [This is a coarse attempt at wit, with ^which we have no sympathy. — Ed. Whilst all this has been going on the gone of General Newton have been boom ing in the distance. Each party is making forced marches, although in opposite directions, and a great and decisive buttle is fortnightly expected. General Newion 1 is expected here, this Mrnday evening, and it is said he has a numerous followiug. More about him anon. How we shall miss him this election. I meau tha -l cop ' as run utiia last lime, i^e'a going away, aud we .weep ; not be cause our chance of being run in again is increased or lessened. Oh, dear 1 no nothing of the sort ; but because he has always been a square straight cove, never afraid to do his duty, and never less than a man wherever you met him. There's a line of geugraphy not printed in the English versions which places the towns In this order— Hay, Ufill, and Booliijal Now. why not have seot to— —well, yes. of course that would be abusive language, and he'd have you for that quick and lively. Good bye Senior-constable, we are ; sorry to part with you, but keep on being a man and you will always possess the : respect of a 'Ghost,' and the confidence of the people of tfav. It is supposed to have been an Irish monk who, when visiting the continent said u it was a wine dispensation of Pro vidence which had made all the big rivers run through the big towns.' Now this same dispensation has been made manifest in our raidat, and we have the Murrum bidgee. Ou its silent gliding waters the youth of Hny are wont to be bend their backs and harden their muscles in the evergreen manly sport of rowing. But this harmless recreation is not allowed to proceed in peace, and the spirit of Mr Ac -cksis vexed within him, That horrid Eagle Eye' is eternally fixed upon the water, aod a crew can't take a spurt from the sheds to the brewery without meeting with a whole bundle of coarse epithets and abuse fn-m thie same 41 Eye,' Well well, Mr_Acocka, you rowing men most be thin ekinned ; don't you know that all these kinds. of sports' produce their bar rackets. Why, these pretty little remarks which yon refer to are all meant by the writer for, pats on the back, and at most what be calls '-slingih* off9* If we our selves only had an arm or a leg that we , were game enough to exhibit unclothed to i the public gaze we should be awfully ] proud to see ourselves referred to in Jhe I paper(bat not by ' Engfe Eye.') j Yes, I tried, hut could not get in the first ni^ht. ^ There wasn't a ghost of ^ ah.ow-.at aijytof . the.iront^dftorss wirbout 8 ticket,-' Even 'the old' Press ' dodge wouldn't work, and ihnugh I/put on ah air - of ^reat importance and mentioned all the newspapers I ever beard ofjfrom the Hay Standard do^u to the -«Jjandon Timet, it wuuld not come off Oh, splendid pertin acity, a briliiaotidea struck me. Seizing a bundle of clean linen in Tom king's I rushed round to the back door of the stage, and muttering tomelhing about chorus girls,. L oad all but squeezed in | when Prufe^or Andrews, with a wave of ! his baton, quickly dispelled me over the back fence. V Oh, keep him (away from 1 me Father G&snaad; or I shall do him & frightful injury ' Aha 1 but I got in the second night. 'Not bars of brss* or triple steel 'l''couM have kept me out. There waa a streak of orchestra all along the front of the atage, and up on one end there was Thompson, with the brewer's bi# fiddle, but he.ltsd sawn about, two feet off one end' of it so as to be abie to sit down and play; Spacn won't allow me to say «U the nice things 1 thought about the performance ; but this I feel pretty certain about, there isn't twn towns be tw«tei« hereat.d Sydney that with all local talent- can give a better peifmraaoce of ihat B&nm; opera They did not get thnt ten .Quid, Per* baps they were like 4 Gobo ' and (offered co'im o l;tw ; anH t ieee alderman *»ie above the ci- niiiion 'erd- uiu't they?- Well, if I .were «h»yt I would now write the Hate payer.-1 AsMicta'iuii (the same that gathered up these baJf»er&wiis; awhile back) and, offer to do the job for them for five quid* it would mean a ooople of driuki apleoo every week any way. Then if that Asso ciation could get Sholto on the same lay, there would be a corner in law — a Burt of huge monoply, which would so frighten the nlderm»n that they would commence to see if there were any dangerous places about for fear of being sued about an acci dent. Why at the very same mooting as they refused the ten quid, they offered a bloke .five for some metal. 