A. LIFE SENTENCE. a CHAPTER XLULFCONCLM J By A.DKLINE SKRGEA.NT, uthor of "JMobi'. Wife," "Uod'wF»lw G " ner » 1 with inS.it. u| that h. had p«rhap« ..id a. littl. t<£ I'Then didh. .end for her?" .k.!!" 1 h e w /?!' M unoon«oiouc when way atTk. L^.' 1 " 6 « lhat hi ' ^ w ^ " * " " ? , 0 U ! He went and » H ? ^ " POOf Hubert was ilL" 1 d j: j o J» »<lHte understand. If Hubert h8r whal tight had sha 40 oomeT" • V^?® «»y well ask that. What right, indeed t An abominable thing, I call it, for wenwood a daughter to g3 and nurse one of ?? » ?»y Don't grieve about it, my darling ! « Hubert waa led astray by her wile* for a little time you may be eure that he will be sihamed of himwlf before very loner. He hat a good heart and will not let you go; he IOTBB you too sinoerely for that, I am quite eure. So you mu<t not fret." " I don't; I shall not grieve—ia that way, unole," eaid Enid, gravely, but with perfect oalm, "You mean that Hurbert ears* for her, and that ihelovei him too?" "I don't know what she doe*," aaid the General, with a rather ominous growl. "I only know that there was some entanglement —understanding between them—a flirtation, -1 daresay—young men are not always ao careful as they ought to be—and perhaps the girl hai taken it leriouslyl" " Poor girl,"said Enid, uftly, "I am very lorry for her." "Sorry? Sorry forWestwood's daughter? Enid, you forget what is due to yourself and to yonr father. Do not speak of her. Forget her; and rest assured that when Hubert is better be will dismiss her with thanks—if thanks are neo»uary—and that we shall soon see him here at Beeohfivld again. And, my dear, when he is better I will put no further obstante in your way, if you still desire the— the engagement to go on." "Ton forget, Unole Riohard," said Enid, very quietly, "that there was no real engage •nent," She bad always maintained to herself before that there was one. He looked at her with wonder. " Bat, my dear, there was a sort of understanding, you know; and Oonnie always eaid that you were so fond of eaohother." "Oonnie did not'know," Enid answered eoldly. Then she withdrew herself from the General's enoiroling arm and rose to her feet. "Ton have not told me yet,unole," she went on, " what news you had from the doolor this morning." " Oh, nothing f reeh!" said the General, in rather a guilty tone; and then, as she pressed him, he explained further. " Yon see, my dear child, we thought that this Miss West ought to go away, because none of M oan go to see Hubert while she is there—if for no other reason, beoause she is that man's daughter; and I srrote to the doctor to enquire whether Hubert oould not do without her sow ; and he •ays, No—that there would be danger of a relapse if she should go." " Then of bourse you will say that ehe mutt be asked to slay nntil Hubert is better, ancle." " Do you think BO, my dear F' "Certainly." "But it is naturally very painful to you, and to all of us, to think that Hubert's recovery is dependent on that girl. I call it positively degrading?" oried the General, crumpling up bis papers and rising from his seat in a sudden fury. "It is painful—yes," eaid Enid, with a heavy sigh; " but I suppose that it oannot be helped ;" and she turned away, eo that he might not aee the quivering of her lip, or the tear that rolled down her pale oheeks as she said the words. She went out into the oonservatory and sat lown amongst the flowera. She bad been Ao proud to show the General how much she was Irart; but, as a matter of faot, she was very deeply wounded indeed. Her affeotions were not bruised—she had never oared for Hubert IO little in. her life; bat her pride had received k tremendous blow. Even if he had only "flirted" with Cynthia West, as the General had suggested, the flirtation was an insult to the girl whom he had asked in marriage. Indeed, it aeemed worse to Enid than a grande passion would have teemed ; for her readings in poetry and 6otion had taught her that a genuine and passionate tovesometimesoaused people teforgettheolaims »f duty and the bonds of a previous aSeotion. But the General had not seemed to think that anything of this kind existed ; although the faot .that Hubert's delirium oould not be quieted except in Dynthia'a presence showed, even to Enid's innooent eyes, that some strong sympathy, some great mutual atkrao kion, united them. If it were eo, Enid asked herself, oould ehe blame him? What had she herself done 1 ? Had ahe not given her heart away to Maurioe Evandale, although her word waa plighted to Hubert Lapel? But then, ehe eaid to herself, she had never professed any groat affection for Hubert; she had not taken the initiative in any way. He need not have asked her to marry him—he night havo left her perfeotly free. She felt indignantly'that ehe had been trifled with— that he had asked her to be his wife without oaring to make her so, and that he might perhaps have trifled in the same manner with Cynthia West. If that were the oase, Enid Vane said to herself that ehe should never forgive him. He bad profaned love itself—the holiest of earth's mysteries — and ahe resented the aotion, although ehe might gain by it her own freedom and happiness. It was even possible that this gain might be denied to her; Suppose, when he was better, that he oame baek and claimed her promise, repudiated Cynthia's attempt to earn hi* gratitude, and explained hie oonduot in suoh a manner that no fairminded person oould refuse him credenoe? What, then, could she do? Enid felt that the might not have the etrength to tight againtt him unless Maurioe were at her side; and Alaurioe had, unfortunately for her, been suddenly summoned to the north of England to attend his father's deathbed. He had left Beeohfield with many fears for Enid'* welfare, but he was of course obliged to go, and had BO opportunity of declaring himself to the Genenl'as a suitor for Enid's hand before his departure. For the moment, therefore, Enid was quite alone, and, seeing the net in whioh she was caught—a net of fraud and triokery and lies—her heart failed her, and ahe felt herself helpless indeed. She was in far more danger than ahegnenedt for Mrs. Vane looked upon her as a deadly enemy, and was resolved that ehe should never have the ohanoe ef oonflding what ehe knew to another person. From what Hubert had eaid the girl had made up her mind to tell him all when onoe she was his wife. .To tell Hubert was what Oonnie was resolved that Enid should never do. She should sever marry Hubert or any ether man; sooner than betray Connies eeorets Enid Vane ehould die. The white still woman with the brown eyes and yellow hair was ready to faoe the ohanoos of deteo- ,tion—ready to take her own life, if neoessary, rather than see her plans defeated and herself diseraoed. With Enid out of the way, she might not be safe; but ehe would be safer than she was v now. She took note, however, of the warning that Parker had given her. She had been going too fast ; she must be more careful in future. She must prooeed by suoh slow degrees that Mr. Ingledew himself should be deceived. And she must ohange her plans also; for she 'ound that Enid no longer touohed the ooeling irinks that were placed beside her every night —the girl said that she did not care fer them, and sent them away untouched. But surely there were plenty of other ways ! Sir. Evandalehadaaidafew guarded words to Mr. Ingledew about his treatment of Miss Vane, and his remarks had oaused the surgeou to send a simple tomo mixture instead of the loothing draughts whioh had formerly exoited iome surprise and even indignation in the reotor'a mind. He did not believe in these soothing draughts, for he soon elicited from Mr. Ingle' dew that they had been made up in confor mity with Mrs. Vane's view of the case rather than aooording to what Mr. Ingledew himself thought neoessary; and a word from the reotor, whose medical knowledge was really considerable, oaused Mr. Ingledew to change hit opinions very ipeedily. At the same time tonias, like other things, oould be doctored ; and, as Mr. Evandale was out of the way, Enid's welfare lay, for the time being, at Connie's mercy. She began to suffer in the old way—from iizziness and nausea and pains for whioh ehe jould not aooount; with an utterly inexplicable weakness and languor, different from all her former symptoms. Perhaps Mrs. Vane had altered her treat ment. At any rate it was oertaic^that some my»terious factor was at work stealing the girl's energy away from her, diminishing her vitality, bringing her, in short, to the very gates of death. And so insidiously did the ivork prooeed that even Parker, who had had luspioions of her mistress, scarcely noticed the advance of Bnid'a malady. There were no more fainting fits—nothing definitely aNrmintr ; but day by day the girl grew weaker; and no one noticed or guested the reason why. Enid's nights were restless ; but ehe had not been disturbed einoe Connie's return from London by the white figure whioh she bad seen at her bedside. She sold herself that Maorioe was right—that her nerves had clayed her falae, and that the appearance had Seen a mere phantasm of her imagination. She quite lost her fear of ••eing it again; and, lthough ehe had held no further conversation •with the reotor after Mrs. Vane'e arrival in the house, she was reassured and strengthened by the remembranoe of his words. When she awoke in the nighttime now, she knew no fear. And yet—it was about three weeks after the beginning of Hubert Lepel's illness—her heart gave a wild leap when she opened her eyes one night and saw in her room, by the faint light of a glimmering taper, the ghostly figure of a woman olothed from head to foot in white. She stood, not by the bedside, but by the mantelpiece, with something—was it a medicine phial ?— in her hand. What the visitant was doing Enid could not exactly see; but ehe started up; and at the movement the white woman turned and showed her faoe. Enid uttered an exclamation—a sort of gasn of terror—for her worst fears were realized. The phantom whioh she had dreaded had come to her again in spite of Ntaurioe's promisee of aid. He had forgotten to pray for her, perhaps —the ohtldish notion crossed her mind that perhaps beoause of his fcrgetfuluess the ghost was there. But was it a ghost—a phantasm of the senses, and not a living woman after all? For the face whioh inet'the girl'e eyes was not one that she could easily mistake—it was the face of Constance Vane. 