EtECTMIC SPABKS. j [Correspondence intended for insertion in this uuluuin must have niuie aud ad Ircss of wri'er attached, but not for publication.] Another fire. Look out for St. Joseph's, Calvery's petition didn't come off. Oh, how those taris did disappear. Football meeting Monday evening. A pleasant send-off to Mr. J. J. Eastick. Mr. Quinu, J.P., ou the training of children. Successful farewell gathering to Mr. A. , E. Quick. The Wesleys were out in force on Wed- . nesday night. Have you sccured your tickets for St. Joseph's concert. Tlie orchestral selections at the Wesleys concert caught on. Quarterly Variety Entertainment, St. Joseph's School, 29th. Ventriloquism extraordinary at the Orange concert nest Friday. Boundary-street tea one of the best we've been at for a long time. The moonlight trip down the bay much enjoyed. Waiting for the next. Oh, tor a drink from that teapot. Ah, Alick why were you so bashful ? ' ' ; , Tilings to be almost given away at the 'r;; After 'Hark the drum' there was a call, not for Mor-ricc, but for Moore, W. Tbe Health Officer's Report, in another columu, is a bit of interesting reading. Somebody said, when E.P.E. had ceased sneaking. ' Well, isn't. !ib si. fnnnv man. The toast of the Press had a good reception at the Eastick farewell. Much obliged. Cheese, butler, ha'ns, and all colonial produce at most reasonable r.ues at the sale of gifts. Cr. Malcolmson thinks that the Health Officer's report ou the Sewerage question is all bosh. A beautiful variety dance will take place at St. Joseph's School Hall on Friday next. Some talk of a big debate on tbe open — lagoon — iu abont a fortnight. Going to wake 'em up. A lively meeting is anticipated amongst the debaters at the C.C.H. on Tuesday. Not dtad yet. The Boundary-street Anniversary was a great affair. Things should look up there after this. If much more if said about the lamp in my street, the evil-doer will have bis own lamps filled up. Yes, the biscuits were very nice, nearly as nice as the young ladies, but where did tliev come from. Bob, old fellow, you made a good stage manager, but they must get you a loug floccer next time. Tiie run out from the Lagoon pier to the Xelson on Saturday last was the quickest on record. Tlie Member out for a ride the other day. He may be a good member, but he is hardly a gcod rider. It is next Friday that St. Joseph's ! School children will unfurl the flag, under : command of Captain Hoye. ] The lady securing that young man at the Boundary-street Wesleyan Church is sure to to have a Good-win. A West Port resident says tbat where there is a lot of smoke there must be something at the bottom of it. Mr. E. Rawlins the veteran cornet player will also appear at the Orange Lodge concert on Friday next. The old general made a rattling good spcech, notwithstanding he had been growling bass for an hour or so. We should think that the man who sang *' It always comes round to we ' was pretty well always in Currie. Tlie Mayor is a jolly good fellow, but when he is speaking in public be wants a few elcctric sjiarks infused into him. Dolly didn't have her revenge on Wednesdav night, but we trust she'll Im'P it nut r-n What was the matter with the bride groom elect last Sunday evening, tha$ he would not come forward to respond ? Hairdresser. — If you cau't make the hair grow, just have a spider painted on the top of his head to keep the flies off. One of those ' wanderers ' is not so easily pleased as the other. He is rest ing ou his oars, surveying the prospect. That Scotch yarn sounded awfully like au Irish one E.P., and for the life that is within us we couldn't tell the difference. A hint to the ' light-luachers.' Don't count your chickens before they're hatched, aud always give '? wanderers ' ' time.' Mothers don't forget tbe sale of gifts at the Seamen's Institute, articles of wear ing apparel for children and adults below cost. Another of our belles taken away from the Port. We will have to put a tax on bachelors coming here to take our best girls away. Who are the Labor Party bringing out for the Council ? Is their secretary qualifying himself '? Hardly, it must be the president! Mr. R. O. Thompson says it was Ho worse for the A.S.B.. to suffer sudden death than for his (gas) works to suffer gradual extinction. E.P.E. says they have quality on the own statement' tbat E.P.E. Jtas both quantity and quality. Dick Kernick in trouble again. A con stable is to him Jike the proverbial red rag to a bull. When he sees a shiney hat he must go for it. Where was the young man that should have been at the concert ? It was said ' He wanted to stay home with her ?mamma. r ree translation. Don't be frightened wlim you hear the guns on Tuesday next. It won't be the Japs coming, it will be the Governor leaving, and may good luck attend him. Don't forget darling to go down the town pier to-night and hear the concert given by the light-lunchers, and especi. ally to watch the conductor as he (hops) round. We congratulate the ' light-lunchers ' though one of those '? wanderers ' evidently found ' bondage *' very sweet, as he walked out of one Btate right into another. Another treat for the Port. The nigbtsoil contractor is to Marshall his forces half-an-hour earlier in the evening auu unisn up nan-an-nour later in tne morning. We have heard from Mr. Thomas | Hopkins- He is still alive after all his | travels, and trusts to soon he restored to health. He wishes to be remembered to ! all inquiring friends. Detective Coleman gives a graphic description of the investigation in con nection with the finding of the body at South Melbourne. No thanks, we would rather not reproduce it. What learned man took up a subscrip tion, and when he handed in the money he was ninepence short. The dog must liave run away with it 1 Oh no, it went in three of M'Cracken's deepest. Some good little boys at the Court on Monday. Their parents said they never, no never, did anything wrong. Of course smashing some valpableplate-glass with road metal was a mere nothing. Miss Katie Shaw just came on to say good-bye. , This was very improper indeed. We couldn't think of it. We don't want to say good-bye yet, wo hope to see a lot more of this young lady yet. That was a most obliging young man who stepped forward to turu over the music, when he suddenly found that ths pianiste was playing from memory. The laugh that ensned nearly caused him to turn over the piano. Tho manager of the Gas-works, Mr. R. O. Thompson, speaking on Thursday night, said he would not say too much for the gas, as we saw too much of it. We find that the general complaint is that wc don't see enough of it. That reserved South Gallery at that concert was supposed to 1-j made of xudia-ruhber ; when any more girls wanted to get a seat it contracted, but when the P.O. staff wanted a seat it expauded. Girls will be girls. Our great aud only Bismark is anxious to have a band on Eight Hours Day. He intends to be a marshal aud bestride a nsble animal for one day in his life. — If anyone will lend him one. He will have a baud somehow, even if its only the band off his hat. He says he was a poor singer in the Faderlaud. Can a good and financial recliabite see ghosts ? We thought that such uncanny tuiu^a *y ure dccu uuij uj pcicuus iu nuow young man was coming across the beud ] when a white apparation stood suddenly in his path and thereby nearly took away his breath- The sight quite sobered him, and notwithstanding all his assertions to the contrary, we have it on good authority that the ghost was ouly au old cow. ' A Friend ' has sent us the following ' practical joke ' : — ' The latest we hear is that a couple of S. and A. is going to be married.' We don't know whether this friend is a friend of ours, or a friend of the happy couple. We don't know either where the practical join comes in. It's our opinion that it's a rather serious matter getting married iu these times of Income Taxes and general depression. We would inform our frieni that , marriages are generally advertised after i and not before t_e event. j 