OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Mondav. Our ..latest war scare seems to have \- fizzled out.' There weren't no ghost, there fore he couldn't walk. Loitering in the lobbies last week, it was amusing to find how indignantly aetinite in asserting that they had never been " embraced " and approached ; they didn't even add, " We wish we had." There have been whisper ings and mutterings among the doubtful ones ; there always are on the second session, but they haye ho objective point to rally round. People chaff me still about my October prophecy. Well. I have noticed that sporting tipsters are not always right. Bub I have still vanity enough to believe that liad Sir James Patterson remained in the House, there would have been a sudden bolt from the blue at the close of the session. Even now the Government will not be wise to wo into the House too frequently, without having the joker handy in tlie Adult Suffrage Bill. It can't get through this session, but the Corner will expect a reconnaissance in force. There is a cartoon in the " Sydney Bulletin" representing the Prodigal Son, the Land and Income' Tax Bill returning f.vim the UDDer House to . the author of its being, the portly Premier, the latter, a«hast, exclaiming, " Why, Billy, my child, I wouldn't lia' known yer." The »eneral idea is that the like fate will befall the Factories and Shops Amend ment BUI here, if it is ever considered by the Council at all, of which there is but poor prospect this year. . Should it. pass committee and be reported, Mr. Peacock's nuery will probably be, "Can these dry bones live?" : That lazy Council, which has been sitting throughout the session an average of about four hours per week, will' pro bably he shortly M; the fore with the annual plaint that they wpn't abear being rushed with business just before ,Xmas. People arc asking, why they didn't pro ceed with the Customs and Excise Duties one last week. It will be a big worry, ' and involve much sacrifice, to get the Parliament of 1 895 ' into recess. At the hour of writing, I confess I don't very clearly see how it' is to be done, save under the promise of an early, meeting next year, especially as it is whispered that the Council " intends to seriously amend the Mallee.Bill,. - Do you not notice .'just when there seemed a dawn of hopeMneK.boiw' sud denly the federation cause "appears to slacken. We have, been for years striving to induce New. South Wales i to enter the federal part. The instant she . does so there is an all-round '.droop away. The other colonies are .like chicken's moulting the feathers they have before, with so much cackle fluttered in the witid , , Lord and Lady Brassey-—please remem ber that high authority, ordains the. name should be pronounced as. if spelled Bfacy- —are evidently social democrats.. They walkabout our streets unescorted, or. tour to and fro on the tri. or the bi.y' and thank coodness, they, assisted by the Cyclists' Association, have killed that hideous rational dress costume. All the female pedallists you now see about wear, .tlie skirt. I have not seen a knick for so long that I have come to regard it as a dream phantasy. But it must, be , ad mitted that Melbourne' crowds exhibit :bad form in their efforts to gap eat the! Vice regal pair. When they visited the! G-P-0. last week, the crush in, Bpurke and Elizabeth streets was so great, that the police had difficulty in keeping passage waj'. When Lady Brassey was observed to enter a draper's shop in Bourke-street, the crowd outside so blocked , the street way, that she was compelled to escape by the back door into Little Bourke-street, not altogether a nice thoroughfare for a lady's exit. I . repeat' this" is not merely bad form, but vulgar form.. , . ; You will have noticed that the prosecu tion of Miss Ethel Greene, for. what was pronounced by the magistrates!tq be but a trifling and technical breach of the Factories Act, proved to be a society sensation. The reason, was .that. Miss Greene is well known iu social circles, is a daughter of Mr. W. H. Greene, who was one of the Commissioners, of Railways, with Messrs. Speight and Ford, and was abso-; lutely a guest at the house of a . lady of \- distinguished title at the time when notice of proceedings was served upon her. I want to ask all visitors, to Melbourne not to omit to visit our Botanical Gardens ! One of my articles of faith has always, been that the Sydney 'hardens were, the most beautiful, the Geelorig next, yvitji Adelaide well up. I have seen all of fcliehi and very, many others. But I fancy the Melbourne ones this spring eclipse alL I'liey are just " fit and in condition to start for a championship record," which I believe they would secure, for never hitherto has the Melbourne Botanical looked in sucti pink of condition. It is one mass of bloom and brightness of foliage, with lovely vistas and lawns, on which the eye'lmgers.rwibh that sense of coolness and resb'.which 3 one feels on reading a perfect!, po'ein,. in the melody of which no discord . jars!'.:" -is, a visitor to that real bower of beauty three and four times weekly you may conceive the enthusiasm I feel when I request country visitors to town to share in my delight. r ; ..;! , , , .: . Once upon a time, in the "ijoue of literary work, I had to write each month a sort of snap-shot re view of every, book and periodical- that came to the colony — our mails then came monthly— for a lead- mg weekly and a magazine, under the heading of " Book World.", ... During that experience there was "developed .Dicks; shilling editions of ' Sliakspeare, Barns. Byron and other poets. It was nasty hut cheap paper cover, badly , sewn, duty looking type and numerous, errors. f.Xanr speaking of the early editions ; I have not seen a Dicks for years. : With this ex perience ' in remembrance, judge my.- as tonishment when, a few days ago, I was introduced to the ' " Standard" Library. This consists of some forty qr. fifty volumes .of the works of the best authors and authoresses in English literature, bound in crimson cloth, exquisitely print-' ed, fit to adorn any gentleman's book case, many of them illustrated, guaranteed, correct editions, and published at one shilling per complete work. Comparing value with price this " Standard" Library is, I think, the cheapest publication I ever came across in ". Book World." It ..occurred to those of the com munity who. make the welfare of our youth of both sexes their principal care, that far too much license is allowed them in the matter' of listening to court cases, many, of wliicli have a distinctly prurient character. -More than once an attempt has been, made, to have them excluded, anu.'" , as everyone; knows, . their Honors have nower to clear the courts whenever thev thi to so- ®ufc tiere are oc<4ions .iv-h?? the sfcely care to exercise tii?" 'rPe,rhaPs .8 now suggested, -lyso, hat these StashoS 1 bercd that many newspapers .'lna " I their profit to publish tlie reports, 7 | salncious divorce cases, in full, and , I this-is so there will be little fco_ be gaiie I in preventing young people being preset? I at trials, the details of which fclicy call 1 obtain, and served up to in a manner most I acceptable to their ' palates. In order, | too, to make the rule absolutely com- I pulsory it would be necessary to have I fecial legislation dealing with the sub- i ject, and this is hardly likely to_ commend I itself to - a community that is already I Prone to complain, at .the superabundance | grand-motherly law making. That we I should have an outcry against tlra liberty i f the subject is likewise 'a certainty, so I that all our purists can hope to accomplish ra 18 to draw the attention of our judges and Is police magistrates to the desirability of S keeping their youthful audiences within 3 ® iwest possible limits. , S The appointment of Colonel Gerard m niith to the Governorship of West Aus- H tralia has for a wonder been greeted with S SUfaction by the majority of the best '; -j ®nglish journals. Therein West Australia m, must deem itaelf lucky, for tire in«rl £1 up all that: whh un- V'oty of the" gentlemen SnJi J l -en Sfc to ruIe over the ius- tohan colonies. ; This ig what ««rrnth»8ays busiW116?®1 " excellent man of pqsmess, and has, enjoyed' a long and 'wide | Poetical affairs, so that he K pecuharly fitted for his particular post. His apppratment will be pobular in Aus- mvhl v6 fMion will.be felt that KLK tI?erlain does not follow the ex- w. P'edecessors at the colonial office by limiting his choice for such posts co a new groove. " The Princess management is alreadv actively at work preparing its Christmsi pantomime, the title of which is " Djon Djon, whicK by:the-bye is the name of the special Bpgey with" which Japanese mamas frighten their children into good behavior The cast, is to include Hiss Florence Young, Miss Madge Russell/the talented dancer from the recent .Gaiety Company, and Mr. George Lauri. r. »V. Barnes, the well known artist, is pre- paring the sketches for the dresses of the Amazons and Corps-de- Ballet, and the costumes I understand are to be more than ordinarily novel and " gorgeous " Mr. Barnes, it will be remembered, pre pared the sketches for the i ustraliau iird Ballet, to be produced at Drurv Lane theatre next year. . Kehersals of " Djon Djon are in active progress, and, as I have said, the Princess management pro mise us something very good for the Pan tomime of 1895., Mr. Oourtice Pounds, the new tenor, who has . arrived under engagement to Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove, will be certain to prove a decided acquisition to Australian musical circles. Busiuess took me to the Princess Theatre a day or two since while Mr. Pounds was rehears ing for his colonial debut on Saturday night in "The Gondoliers." The new tenor has a beautiful flute-like voice with a good range, evincing signs of careful cultivation, and of a timbre that is certain to prove acceptable to Melbourne play goers. Mr. Pounds also comes with the reputation of being the best stage dancer in England, no slight advantage in comic opera, -t'hat we want now is a first class prima donna, for though Miss Wray is making rapid studies in her profession, she is hardly strong enough yet to fill the post_ of " first lady" in our principal comic opera company. 