LITERARY AND THEATRI CAL GOSSIP. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, April 26, 1895. Mr. G.W. Anson has the leading male part in Mr. G.W. Godfrey's comedy, "Vanity Fair," due at the Court Theatre to-morrow. Mrs. John wood returns to her old house to play a middle-aged lady with pronounced ideas concerning the rights of her ccx, and Arthur Cecil ib also in the cast. Business has tallen off in the better parts of the St. James's Theatre to nothing since Osoar Wilde's arrest, and the last nights of the "Importance of Being Earnest" are con sequently announced. H. A. Jones's "The Triumph of the Philistines" will take its place on May 11. "Delia Harding," at the Comedy Theatre, calls for no detailed description, as it is a failnre unworthy alike of Sardou's genius and Marion Terry's exquisite art. The plot turns on the hopelessly improbable sacrifice of the Heroine, who to save her brother from im prisonment for shooting a rascally gambler swears away, her own f-tomntpr, declaring it was whilst he was. coming out of her bedroom her1 brother winged-the wretch: ";Presently, when she loves a young baronet, this idiotic untriifli rises up in judgment against her, and^threatens to ruin her life. The brother she saved is dead, and the villain wants her for hniiself.' . Delia pours out a glass of " cold piAm'/to endill, but the villain kindly drinks it DyJii?cident, and 'also <oIe&TS; ncr charaoter. The piece i?H?hocking stuff. ?'?;'? Gehrje.iit. Sims and ?Ceau Ealeigh have broo^ Dai 613 times to the StniocU'Sn place Off^?irii''|fcgi??^?r^^.W'^'lTO"ll'""*Jl''*lr'*lg farfl?, .-Itjs from beginning to end is " Fanny." Starting with ready-made compli cartait?^lijS 6pmneE3 of *J? piece is to .dear op a mystery instead of to make one. The piece is called " Fanny? after a fyoung person who does not appear, having ended her mortal career six rpiontfas'; prior to the lifting of Xhe curtain/ Her sister Flo, however, is mas querading-aa "Fanny" for the purpose of drawing an allowance made to the departed by Professor Bixley—per his friend ?"Briea.., Fanny was -a. bar maid, -who marriea the professor but separated from him when a -doubt arose as to whether her first.husband was really, dead. The captain who _pay? the allowance has never seen Taany, and the professor is equally ignorant of the person of .sister FJo. Toucan imagine the upshot whan, they all meet) the processor 'having in the meantime married again. When poor Bixley hears from O'Brien that his .first wjfe : stalhexists -aed,has turned up, hin-tiftilwii'ftf^iinrnt^thlrrin an'ijicougniou?ly serious turn.. But the oomic element speedily Bupervene? and the piece bustles merrily along once more. -"-Fann.T,<' of comse, is bowled out in the end* twit uot-before ahe has afforded us agood twq boms' pure amusement . . lE'aArthtojAwVoew farce, with which Mr.^Weeddn Gros6mt?i Tia?'commenced his managerial career at the Vaudeville is an oUa ?6(2rt3<iof funny ideas. To appreciate." The Ladies' Idol" one has to see it, far to adequately describe the adventures -of the oomic singer, who&is; -Joseph 'Wet- at - home -and Lionel Delamerein society, mixed up with the search for a iwiftgi^g baby, aiid'.tsbe pursuit of & disap- Flpj mul 3. jftfflii 'ilAfrfiiiiiliin*6 in? sti~ *"? *t*i The piece serves its 'purpose well—that is to Bay, "?ThejiajjljpgMdol "? amuses tie audience and brinA'Jag?Hier full 'houses. Mr. Gros sinith^plijJsJMamere, tin ladies' idol He has . "with^patbpfictonch." Jtotaie purposes of his busingie he au feHpretend to be a bachelor, be ran after, and his -wife, *io reWping to make a fortune for tie baby by skirt flajirmg, pretends to be a single ladv^A^ 'deception- which encourages many adnfirei?, whose different methods of paying her . conrtmake many laughable scenes. The little of DeuVmereAndhis wife,however, are better imagmedtii&ndescribed.; The piece will un doubtedly ,be picked up by one or other of the Australian entrepreneurs before many days are gone by. . Mr. J. Maclaren Cobban's "Avenger of Blood" is a fair sample of itt sort, tie., the Bensational fitory writtesi for newspaper pur poses. A. young Moor, whose father has oeen treacherously -imprisoned an. infamous potentate, yclept the Bae&a-Ben-Auda;, follows the latter to London, when be is made Ambas sador to the Court of St. James, and by various devices frightens him out of his wits. The'first idea of Mohammed, as be is called, is to km the Basha, but after a careful Btudyof British methods be decides that it will be at onoe more civilised and mordefiectytato.inake his life "utterly "imserable. Ben- Auda's own dishonest cupidity delivers lin into Mohammed's hands, and, after some excit ing. captures and escapes, the Basha is irre trievably disgraced, and the young ??m and his father regain the Sultan's favor. A new novelist of the school of Stanley "Weyman has arisen, who promises to take a leading place amongst preseat-day historical romancists. This is Mr. S.Levett Yeats, and his story is called "The Honor of Savelli." I hax?iiioJiesitation in pronouncing this book qu&gjttnral; to either "Lady?otha' Tor" Under £WQtjS" Kobe," and can recommend it strongly mS all who enjoy a "stirring, well-constructed', well-told tale. The hero, Savelli, is an Italian wiJHipr of fortune in the sixteenth century, and the first chapter,shows him the victim of a shameful cbrispiracy,-nSrich deprives nim at a How of honor, knighthood, and fortune. £He. could save himcglf at the . expense jof'* -lady friend's good- name, but,.-sup ported Jby*? Khmtx^-kd approbation from the lamous Chevalier Bayard," who happens to look lon at ths trials he deounes. This ww^i|? to the reader ultra-chivalrous, as the. duchess find 'he were perfectly innocently However Savelli is utterly Tinned, and ir*Tia.tigitig . Jus Muna - ?^?Jraq . Jug vaV/uMHOaffh piany adventures to Florence, wiiamjfiti'asip appears likely to starve a readySTOrd Enables Jumtopreserve thelifeof MachiaTOHL>The treat man,4akes up Donati {a* te.jiow c?IJe fumself) fiends him on asV--4|iuiorta|it tnission^o Some.,. There 1? temporarily. 30ms the household of Cardinal D'Ambofte^'-and again meets the great .Bayard. A conspiracy (to dethrone the~Borgias is afoot ?nd needless Jo Leay.-i our hero 'throws- foiw?lf into It - eon amore. This portion of the Btqryiwillihe found absorbingly interesting, us. Try/id pictures are given of Alexander Borgia, wicked Pope, of his still jnpre^ infamous' son Oeeare, 'ana of the notorious Ijucrezia. 3Cbe-'deseripfcioD. of t AlAxflnder*^i tWholyfsther,!!^ roinsd,? hasseldDin been' equalled, for : ghastly 'power,-in'historical fiction. Bat,<arjl hagiabyaayiag, tie book' Seats coniinuesTo write up tojte jeVel of ei oa&eucebe; hasabriUiantfutinebefore him. _ Those who,; missed "A Drama in Dutch' in the 2-yolnme Jfonn may like to rnnlrri its - aoquaintino?iri<aieapE;%altidn. i^The "scene, is laid in the Dutch oolony iin-Londo?, and the story has to do with toe rivalry of a father with -las ankM>wn?o?. ~ftter-Tnr-£rjk i? x struggling tradflpnan with a young wife and child, towboramkpa?sionatefydCTofea. He goes over to Holland to arrange the details of a new business, and when he returns bis wife and child have disappeared. The little woman whom he believed devoted to him was in reality a selfish, luxury-loving cat, <mnd bag ran away wi& .iS well-to-do* city cleric. The bSowwelf aiAJkgs *e6o; b£ for-Ja-enftr year* be! hamlyfcoksmta woman.' Then the daughter of his dearest friends begins to grow into his heart, and he recovers the joy of living. The. girl likes him, and but for his in explicable hesitancy to propose he might have been married to her _a year before the crisis OCCUXB. ? TjMft^wpian WJth-tbITOII J¥ftl gu-rs parentealre on Peter's side, but her heart is on young Martin's, and when' Peter reoog nises this fact he gives way. "Are you sure P<ket^£lave ?jjlmilf' J?Ho jet' go ifir )nma. fore nimJiiiFhtMk ttetohvte fife^fuH oz * unsatts fied yearnings and relieved bat by few oases. Etta loved another. What right had .he to stand in the way of her happiness? Twenty one years before hiariife bid bees wrecked and held W fate in mo iron .'grip, while the endless years of a lifetime stotohed before him.' Stta, n%e'.sai(| > . "I will help you/:- Pfter makes money mattes all right for*he ypnag couple, kittle gneesiag his successf ulMlHb9wlb?t?i? lieioln^ for. One expects a denouement every moment to wards the end, as Martin is just like bis mother, and if Peter saw the lad he would probably j?COgnise him. But he carefully, avoids''him. At the last, just as he bas'leftj all thafejnakes life worth living, and is standing on the deck of an outward-bound steamer! in ir^nntaJ, moral, and physical Hm-Vn^Hi, Peter lights a cigar. "After you with 'that match, sir,'1 says a young voice, -which seems to have a familiar sound. Too j depressed to feel much curiosity, Van Eijk nevertheless looks round, and as he does so the match flickeixout - JHe *an consequently merely discern a inan^s form. £t>|a^hersnd< son remain strangeu in -this world, and never guess how close they have been to discovering one another. ? Frauds Thompson, one of the "little blue bardlets," Tirhoee di?oovery %he world owes to Mr. John Xane, is about to btees ub With a new -volume iof verse, entitled " Songs. Wing to Wing: an Offering to Two Sisters." It contains a single poem rnnning to something under a hundred pages, and will be got up uniformly with the same author's book pub lished in 1833. Since July, 1862, when the Dickens novels passed into Chapman & Hall's possession, that firm have Bold in Great Britain in various forms 700,000 copiee of " Pickwick." This of course takes no count of the scores of cheap editions published by other firms since the copyright lapsed. One way and another I should think quite a million "Pickwicks" have been dis persed in these isles. A New Zealander, who found the " Sermons of Courage and Cheer," by Dr. Brooke Her ford, published by Green, Essex Hall, Essex- Btreet, Strand, which I recommended you a year ago, of the utmost help and encourage ment, asks me if I can name another volume of the sort equally suitable for the family circle. It is not easy. The majority of such collections of pulpit utterances are either painfully dog matic and doctrinal or tiresomely common place or perplexingly profound. I did, how ever, by chance come upon some remarkable sermons the other day, though whether the book is easily obtainable now lam not sure. It is called simply " Sermons by the Rev. Stop ford Brooke," and was published in 1867 by Simpkin SAarshall, when it r&n; through several editions. This was of course before Stopford Brooke left the church, but the ser mons are not in the least doctrinal, in fact any and every description of Christian ought to find them faelpfuL I do not, to be candid, like Mr. Brooke s later manner or matter half so well as these earlier and simpler discourses. London, May 3, 1895. The lady who has attained such popularity of late years in middle-class Scotland as Annie S. Swan is now the wife of Dr. Burnett Smith, a London medico. She was brought up in Midlothian, about twelve ttl^*l^ from Edin burgh, and most of her youthful acquaintances and surroundings figure in her books. Michael Mainland in "Maiuandof Laurieston" is ad mittedly her father, and her mother was lovingly limned as the' Mistress of liintlaw in "Carlowrie." Miss Swan's literary career commenced very unluckily*. She fell into the hands of the Charing Cross Publishing Com pany, a notorious firm, whose methods of prey ing on the budding author were ultimately exposed in Truth. They took her story "Upe and Downs" on the half-profits system, with the result that her grim and rather tight-fisted parent had to pay up £45. Naturally he thereafter viewed his daughter's literary labors with disfavor and advised her to devote her energies wholly to domestic matters, fortunately the cirl'e second effort, the popular "Aldersyde," was brought out by reputable people, and its instant success assured her future. Miss Swan, or rather Mrs. Burnett Smith, has now been writing seventeen years, yet is still quite a young woman. "Shiela she think? her best book. It was written at Aumtree, in the Highlands, and is perfectly true to life. Over "The lost Ideal1' the author expended in finite pains, but it had not a quarter of the success of "Homespun," a short story knocked off daring a summer holiday, of which 50,000 copies have been sold. In an interview with Mrs. Hodgson Burnett in the May Young Woman the genesis of "little Lord Fauntkroy" is related in rather fuller detail than we have seen it before. It seems that whilst Mrs. Burnett was recovering from an illness her'son Vivian's quaint childish chatter with Mammy Prissy, the household's black cook, and other servants and visitors amused her even more than usual. She took to musing how he would comport hinmrff in the society of a Conservative English noble man. Then she thought, "ITI write a story about him. m put him in quite a new world and see what hell da" "How," she reasoned, "shall I bring a 'small American boy into olose 'relationship with, an Ti^giwJi noble must live with him. talk to 1 show "him his small unconscious Republican mind.'' Then came the idea of a son of a younger son separated from his father because lie had married a poor American beauty. The inter mediate hens must die out and the boy of die mesalliance come into the title. Then Mrs. Burnett decided that "Vivian should >be he— Vivian with his cuds and his eyes and his friendly little souL He should be little lord something or another, and finally it was Little "Lord Fauntleroy. An old black aunty's esti mate of the young original deserves quotation. "Dat chile," she said, "he suttanly ain't like no other chile. Taint jest that he's smart smart as they make 'em. If s snmp'n else. An'-he's the freniiest little human I ever seed, he suttanly is." Mis. Burnett wrote " "Cattle Lord Fauntle roy" in six weeks. It took the civilised world by storm, remaining to this day the most popular book of its school, save perhaps "Little Women." Mr. Vivian Burnett, sow a young man of 18 at Harvard, has as the original of the little lord en dured lionising to an unendurable extent Ty% England snch a position would have been trying. ?? In America it amounted almost to persecution. People write to him for his autograph, pester him with idiotic questions, and introduce him to their friends as Lord Fanntleroy. "Np'wonder the poor boy groans at the very mention of his prototype. Lady Gwendolen Cecil, whose ghost story in a recent number of Slaekwood excited approv ing comment, is the author of die clever but gnm satire entitled "The Curse of Intellect," recently published by the Edinburgh firm. Lord Salisbury's youngest daughter has evi dently inherited her full share of the family brains. All the worst faults as well as the brassy brilliance of the National Obttreer under W. E. Henley are now to be found in the New Eeview. Fortunately, however,, we are only called upon to read the latter once a month". In the April [number, yon may remymber, a Superior y?vmgmn.nHi?pna??H tyihianira BatisfaC tionof lan Maclaren and S.B. Crockett. In the Hay issue Mr. Veraon Blackburn bludgeons "William Watson, John Davidson, R. Le jGalbenne, Norman Gale, and others. For no pontemporary minor poet has he indeed a word of sincere praise save Mr. Francis Thompson, an obscure Bodley Head bardlet, whom few butsdea tiny ring of speciauste know any thing about. Mr. Blackburn's style is "fine and large ?' one cannot say a word against his w?.nTM>y But .his matter consists of destruc tive hyper-criticism and cheap sneers. To find too much fault with Davidson aad Wat- Bon' would be to give himself away. Yet it is plain that in neither can his blind eyes-see virtue. Le Gallienne, Mr. Blackburn flatters Irnnadf, he can "dispose of in three lines." We?, I do not myself think great things of this writer's vase. But it is honest work that thousands understand and enjoy. Can as tnuch, X wonder, be said of the lucubrations of the Henley- cum-Whibtey gang? ; "The Vengeance of James Vansittart" relates the punishment which overtakes Diana Charteris when to lift her family out of a slough of money troubles she mines Maurice Vansittart, a moral and physical weaklingTbut the heir of a millionaire. Hardly is this sacrifice consummated than through a com bination of circumstances it wouki spoil the story to ii?iii??*a -Maurice finds himself a beggar, and Diana discovers that she has beeo defrauded. The blow falls specially heavily as the girl loved a man now rich who could nave done for her relatives all the wretched. Maurice promised to do, and made her happy into the bargain. For tunately Diana's moral fibre is really fine and she makes a gallant and successful effort to do her duty by her ?husband. How it is rewarded I leave you to discover. Anew novel entitled "Old Mr. Tredgold," by I£es. Olipbant, commences in the June Longman's, and the same month will see the beginning of Bhoda Broughton'e "Scylla or Cnaxybdffi" in Temple Bar. In the May Young Man I note an interest ingarticleon Mr. Quintin Hogg's magnificent philanthropic, and educational work at the Polytechnic On the books of tbi? in stitution there are now 15,000 members and students, and it is almost as difficult to secure entrance to some of it? clubs within a club as to be put down for the Traveller's or the Badminton. At present 3,500 young fellows are attending the afternoon and evening classes, 600 of which are held between Monday and Saturday. Mr. Hogg, who was an Eton boy nimnfJf, believes intensely in the moral innuenoss of p"l?*** and athletics. As he very truly Bays, "afellow who keeps him in good training for athletic exercises cannot be nurraUy bad. That is what I want to get people to see." The Polytechnic has always been worked on this principle, neither religious nor educational matters being permitted to usurp the proper periods for physical exercise. The Youtn Man also contains a very fair article on Ibsen by W. J. Dawson, and some observations on sensational preachmg'by Dr. Parker, which are more pertinent than "K'fttr of that fearful Philistine's deliverances. The manuscript of White's "Natural His tory or Selboroe" was Bold for £294 at Sotheby's last Friday, when a fair set of the four folios of Shakespeare fetched £416, the third, which is the rarest and was a fine copy, realising £280 i A first edition-of "fiobin&on; Crusoe" (all three Darts) was knooked down for £7% the Tennyson "Poems of Two Brothers" £16, "Vicar of Wakefield" (first edition) £66, and Milton's "Poems" (first edition) £42. Forthcommgbook?inoludeanovelbytheHon. Mrs. Uenniker (sister of the Lord- Lieutenant of Ireland); "Othello'sOconpation," byM?ry Anderson (not Mrs. Navarro); "The Heart of life," byW. H. MaUock; Hollingshead'e "My Lifetime; 11 ?td "The Convict Shin," by Clark SobbsU. 