Kerrigan Literary and Debating Club, ESSAY NIGHT. The ordinary meeting of the local Debating Club on Tuesday evening at the Beading Boom. Mr H. B. Lysagkt, Vice-President, occupied the jhair, and there were thirteen members present. The Secretary being absent, Mr Lapthorae was requested to act as Secretary, pro. tem. Before proceeding to the business of the evening, the questions for debate at the next meetings were brought up, and the following gentlemen were appointed to open and reply to the debates; Next Tuesday, "Should the Franchise be extended to Women," affirmative Mr Malin; negntive.Mr & Teame. September 3rd, "Should Capital Punishment be Abolished," affirmative Mr B. Fry; negative Mr W. C^eggeiy, Junr. ., -The'names of the esBay-writers were then placed in a hat, and as they were drawn, the writers Tead ibeir own production. The firstessay drawn was "Friendship " by .Mr E. • Laptborne. The subjeot' was - dealt with in a moderate sense, the--essayist- expressing the opinion that the quality of friendship was preferable to the passion of Love. Mr Malia dealt in a semi-humorous manner with "Attractions," dealing the many phases of attractions, with their good and bad results. Mr J. Valentine read a paper on " Osmospheres,apycho-physiologio8l conjecture." He propounded a theory that the sense of smell was existant among humans, whereby they could tell the presence of individuals without utilizing the other senses. The theory was well sustained, and appeared quite rational. MrDrohan attacked the supernatural in an able .paper on "Ghosts.". He deilt with the superstitious element in mankind, and denied the possibility of the immaterial visitant: Mrs Drohan contributedan admirable essay on "Wordsworth and Nature." This paper vras read by Mr Drohan. It pointed out the admirable character of Wordsworth's works, and the wonderful acquaintance the poet had with nature. Tho essay was brightly illustrated by suitable quotations from the works of Wordsworth and was highly appreciated. Each paper was subjected to mild critioism by members, but there appeared to be neither ground for much diseusBion, nor was there any marked desire evinced by members to be scathing. The Chairman thanked the writers fer the trouble and care they had taken in providing the evening's enjoyment. Mr W. M'Lellan was elected a member of the Club on the motion of Messrs Fry and Valentine. Mr Drohan said a few words welcoming the Bev. H. Addams-WiUiams to the meettog.: Mr Lysaght having thanked Mr Malin for Mb kindness in preparing.and providing the room for the evening, the meeting then closed. 