Tie False Beacon. |: A STORY OF THE SlSA. I BY COLONEL ABTHUE L. ilESEEVE, It bid fair to be a wild, rough night along] ' "the New England coast, 1 All day the sea had been moaning as though in pain, troubled with a wild unrest. As the sun went down over the cliffs to the westward, I the moaning increased and the shy grew darker. Wild scuds came in from the water, and, torn and ragged, went flying away over the storm, beaten clilto. Half-hidden at the foot oi one of them was a rough hut or cabin of stone. So much was it like the parent rock beneath which it was built that one might pass it by aud hardly perceive it, unless it happened that smoke was curling above its roof. The night in question two men stood in the doorway, gazing ont upon tne water. Both were, men of upwards~of. fifty years of .age. Their garb and tanned faces showed that they were fishermen, toilers of the sea or along the 1’or some minutes they stood without speak ing, and then ho who seemed a little the elder broke the silence by observing : “It is time that I was off to the light. It won’t be long before I must have the lamp trimmed and burning.” “ Which one, Abram ?” “ Why, mine to bo sure.” “ Why not try mine to-night f” “ Because I see no game out on the water.” “ Bnt you can’t tell what there may be. In an-hour from now the wind will be blowing great guns, and will be just right to throw a ship on the rocks.” “ I’m afraid to play this game too often. If we should he caught, short shriit they would give us. Our necks would not be worth a Wisp of straw.” “Nothing ventured, nothing gained, Abram.” “I know that; bnt I, for one, ain't ready to: have my nock stretched for nothing.” “ But we ran little risk. There will be no one out in the storm that will 6t>on be raging to give us away." His companion shook his head. “You are not sure of that. If they had any suspicion of us, it would be just such a night as this bids fair to be to pay us a visit. If they should come and find a light out on youder brag, while mice was out, as I said before, our necks would eoou feel the halter drawn about them.'7 Abram made a motion as though he would depart. His boat lay down beneath the cliff, andit would take but a few moments for him to run out to tho great rock on which the light house stood. “ Don't hurry, Abram. You’ve plenty of time yet. I will go down to the boach with you as soon as I make everything safe here.” “ Where’s Huldah ?” “She went down to the village soon after noon. She ought bo have been hack a long time ago. Something must have kept her longer thanusual.” He closed the rude hut strong door of thi cabin, and prepared to accompany his com pamon. Ife meant, if possible, to have bin agree to the devilish deed he contemplated. The heads of the two men disappeared unde; ■the cliffs. Hardly had they done bo whei another nppeared on tho sceno they had turnei their backs upon. It was a'young woman who seemed to spring up from among thi rocks about the cabin like some ghost-liki shadow. Approaching the door she threw it open, and passed within. A fire of driftwood was horning upon tho rude hearth, and approach ing this, ehe held out her hands to the geuial warmth. h Bnt she only remained here for a moment. The next ehe was at the one window that looked out over the sea. The men-were not in sight. The rocks hid them from her view. What shall I do ?” she cried, in a tone that' rang through the room. “ There will be more mischief to-night. I heard part of tho conver sation, and I know that Sam will bring Abram round, so that he will not light his lamp to night. Then the false beacon will be lighted, and if a Bhip comes Bailing this way.it will be cashed upon the cruel rocks. Oh, to think that the same blood runs in my veine as in his! But sometimes I think that ho cannot bo my uncle. There never could be two people more unlike than we. I hope and trust that my father was not like kim/* Onca more she was silent, watching to see tho boat of Abram start out over the water, the surface of which was already becoming agitated by the rising breeze. At length she saw it, and a little later the head of her uncle appeared above the rocks, t she murmured to herself. . * * knew what had passed between them since they went down over the cliff. ” The wrecker came up, aud a look of surprise and suspicion flashed over his face as iie saw her through the window. “You back?” he said, as he entered the room. “How long have you been here ?” “ Only a few minutes, uucle.” “Had you come a little sooner, Huldah, you would have seen Abram. He has been over from the light to make ns a call.” It is just as well, since I don’t know as I cared to see him. There is something about the man that always makes me distrust him.” Sam gave her a sharp look. ^ “I thought you were good friends,” he “Wo don’t quarrel, uncle.” “Ho thinks a good deal of you. Sometimes ■ I have been afraid that he might win you away to the light, and leave me alone here.” “You need have no fear of that. I had rather find myself at the bottou of the sea than to he in the company of a man whom I dis “ Abram is all right, Holdah.” “He may be for you; hut if he is not a villain, I never saw the face of one.” Huldah went to the doorway. The wind was rising fast, and already the old ocean began to murmur with a wailing sound that rose every moment, Boforo midnight she felt sure that a tempest would be abroad ever sea and laud. \--She gazed steadfastly for several, minute, on the„scon»-boforu net^ "as though looking for some one. Then, with a disappointed look upon her face, she turned, and commenced to pre pare their evening meal. Sam had seated himself by the hearth when he first came in, but now he rose, and went out of doors. Tho rising wind or the roar of the sea made him nervous, and he found it im possible to remain in one place. Huldah gave another glance out of the window. “ What shall I do if Edwin does not come?” she said to herself, in a low tone. “ Some thing tells me that Borne awful thing will happen this night unless it can be averted. When uncle and Abram put their heads together they mean no good. I’m afraid the false beacon will be lighted to-night, and the true one left in darkness and gloom.” It did not take her long to prepare their re past ; then she called to her uncle without. He came in and took his scat at the table, bat he seemed to have no appetite. Huldah also appeared to bo in the samestate; and when, a few moments later, he again went out upon the rocks, she rose and commenced to clear away the dishes. - He did not remain about the cabin, hut took his way over the crags. The girl shuddered. She well knew where he was going, and what was his errand.’ He was going to light the false beacon, which had lured more than one ship to destruction npon the treacherous rocks. He had hardly disappeared when the sound of .footsteps fell upon her ear. She gave a quick start and turned her face in the direction whence they came. She saw a young maij hurrving towards the cabin, springing from.jrock ;to- roclc. A little later he wasjat.the.doorway,! and had clasped herein his arms. Oh, Edwin, I’m so gladjyon 'have'|come!” she said, in a tone that showed she meant what she said. “ And I am glad to he here, Huldah. But what has happened that makes] you unusually glad to'sce me?” “They mean harm to tnose who may he along the coast to-night. The false beacon will he lighted, and a strong sain may he dashed to pieces on the!rocks!” “ How do you know'this ?’ •' Abram has just gone Irani here out to the light. When he and my ancle put their heads together there is always something wrong.” “ Well, we will watch and see what they are up to. If they kindle the false light on the cliffs it will not bum long. If it goe3 out, then Abram will light his lamp. As soon a9 it comes dark, we will see what Sam is up to on the shore. ‘We both can run his light for “Edwin, what should I do without youV” she said, as she nestled closo beside him. “Rather, what should I do without you, Huldah. You are the apple of my eye. I hope the time will soon come when £ can call you my wife.” W ith a hand in each other’s they sat by the window, over and anon casting their eyes out over the cliff to where the false beacon had lured ships to their destruction. All at once a flame showed itself on the rocks. The young m&n; started to his feet, and strode out through the open doorway. “Be careful, Edwin,” cried the Toice of Huldah. “ I will,” he answered back. Old Sam was heading over the treacherous fire he had kindled. He had not a thought that a human being was near him, until he felt a hand laid upon his shoulder and ho was thrown violently hack upon the rocks. “Villain! What are you doing:” cried the young man. ‘ ‘ People have said that you were a wrecker, and now bore is the proof. It would be serving you right if I should dash you down over the cliffs to your death. It would be only serving you as you would the helpless voyager.” “ Have mercy! I am an old man. You have caught mo in my vile act: but don't turn me over to those who would place a rope about my “ You deserve it; but for the sake of one dear to me I will koep your crime a secret. But it is on condition that you leave this region at “To-night?” “ But Huldah r” “ Sho will be cared for. Go to Gorling, aud stay there until you hear from me. If you haven’t money in the cabin, I will send you some. Then drop out for ever from this little world that has known you.” The villain slunk away iu the darknesB, and Edwin went hack to the cahin, but not until he had seen that the true light was ablaze as | As soon as tho storm was over, Edwin rowed out to the light, and later he reported to the keepers that their man was gone. It was not long before Edwin made Huldah his wife, and the secret of the lights was shared | between them.—“ Weekly Budget.” 