[NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ALL QUEENSLAND BIGHTS RESBB7ED.] « ITTY'S GHOST ■* k JS. True Story MADAME FILLONEAU, Author of "A Warm Welcome," "Cmnnnsiantial Evidence," Ac., Ac. AEI0TJ3 GIRLS, four m all, were collected roand a. cosy bedroom' fire one night late in the* autumn, bent, to all appearance, on hair brushing. I say to all appearance, because ': not one of them was using her brash,' their minds being entirely given op to-the task of oat-talking each other. They were eagerly discussing "mesmerism," "hyp notism," and " willing" in their several forms, each one having some example of successful or unsuccessful seances, whioh seldom failed to provoke a merry laugh or an astonished ex clamation. Prom "hypnotism" to ghosts is not'a very far cry, and the conversation soon tnrned upon apparitions. Gradually the lansrhs ceased, and the tones grew lower, and the girls seemed one and all seized with a' desire to sit very close to one . another, and one actually acknowledged that, had she been staying in an oldi house, she would have felt very creepy! "Butquite new houses have ghosts some times,"said a tall fair girl, the hostess. She was absently poking all the soft parts ^>f the fire, and had not spoken modi. Her assertion was met by a chorus of disapprobation.. - "Then it must* have been .built with old materials." „• " "No respectable; ghost would patronise* a new house.". . " Have you ever heard of one, Clara?" Clara dug* her poker viciously into an un resisting piece of coal, and then put it down to turn and look at the last speaker. - "Yes," she said, "I have heard of one, and it is quite true too—for I know - the people to whom' th e thing happened • so doyou, Maggie, *' —to her neighbour—"you know Mr. and Mrs. Wardlaw and: their tittle girL don't yon!" • V-; ' ; • ".Yes! of course I do!" reptied Haggie. "But do you mean to "say they have a 'ghost story belonging to them! I - should have thought them the last people to indulge in such things/'. * : "Exactly!" said Clara. "And that makes it all the more curious. I will tell it you if you like; it is not bo very long." * The others assented eagerly to the proposal, and settled themselves to listen attentively. Clara leaned hack in her (hair, and thought for a moment or two, and then began: " The "Wardlaws came hack from Indiam couple of years ago to settle in England. Mr. ; Wardlaw was in the civil service, hut had retired. He is an ftnrfc nf pgrwin. Mrs. "Wardlaw is a practical, busy tittle woman, whose mind is not given to running on any subject which does not concern her family or her house. They have one little girl, who was then about five years old, and who is just the sort of child you would expect of such parents, that is, not at all fanciful. I tell you this, you who do not know them, as yon ought to understand how impossible it would be for. such people to imagine what I am going to tell you. They came to London, and after a good deal of1 searching, which took them about a month, they fixed upon a brand new house in South Kensington and furnished it. This took them another month. Finally they moved into it. The first two or three nights went by quite as usual, and the house seemed to be most satisfactory. | " One night, However, as Her nurse Had just finished putting the little girl to bed, the latter exclaimed, 'Why, there is Ayah, standing by your bed, nnrsie. Why does she not speak to me ?' The nurse turned round startled, think ing the ehfld might be half asleep already, and said decidedly, ' What nonsense, Hiss Kitty T there is no one here.* "<Ah, but she is there,' answered Kitty, 'She is looking at me, Hut she looks quite iU, and as if she Has been crying! Poor Ayah.! There! 'She is gone now.' "The nurse, amazed, went over and soothed the child to sleep, who, though surprised, did not seem frightened, and nurse thought she must have been talking in her sleep. So strong did this impression become that she saitf nothing about the matter to her mistress the next morning. The evening of the next day, while she was undressing Kitty, the latter suddenly said, " * There is Ayah again, nursie, don't you see her? Look, she is just by your bed again,' and the child tried to get out of the servant's hands to go towards the spot. But nurse held her fast, for she thought the little oue must be ill or her eyes affected in some way. " The next day she told Airs. Wardlaw, who was much alarmed on the child's account, put ting it,down to ~ some affection ot the eyes or tbo nerves. They took her to. the. doctor, bat he declared that he'could find nothing wrong about her. She appeared to be perfectly weU | in all respects; still ereiy night she saw the J Ayah. They put her in another room, but it j was no use, tie figure constantly appeared to - her. One night she said r " 'Poor Ayah looks so ill to-night, nmsie^ she is leaning against the bedpo&f;:? "Thenurse privately objected to theghoat - choosing her bedpost to leas against bnt nothing would bare made her say so for fear o£ - exciting its wrath. "The next night the child said, 'Ayah is not there to-night, nurse. I am afraid she must be too ill to come.' Nor did she ever appear again, and (he child soon forgot all about her. Bat Mr. Wardlaw, who was. much exercised in his mind by* the carious occurrence, made a good many inquiries in Tnflia, and this.is what he heard. The Ayah who had attended Batty in India was devoted (o her, and felt the part* - inc most dreadfully. Some time after the Waidlaws left she was taken ill, and finally. died. During all the time of her illness, and particularly towards the end, she spoke con—" tinnously, whether conscious or when in delirium, of the child she loved so much, and hers was the last name on. her lips when she died. ' . "Now, as far as could be made out, the ~ time of the carious appearances to the child in ; England coincided with the ezid of the Ayah's ' Alness,' and the only, explanation possible of the whole affair is that the intense wish of the woman, to see her little charge caused her to appear to the Iatter's bodily eyes. The ap*/ paritfon was never, seen by anyone hat the *, .child, who had no hesitation in calKng her nurse's attention to it, and who always con* ' sidered that the woman she saw was real.. Once.the poor Ayah was dead she appeared no * moire. It is the child's perfectly unbiassed \ testimony that makes the story so very curious and so wonderfully worthy of belief." Sera. 'Clara stopped, and .for a moment there was sAence..'Thensomeoneasked.:-'. I suppose they left that house?" - "No,"answered Clara.' "They are in it " still. Before the apparition ceased its visits they began, to think of quitting it, which was - not easy,, as they had just furnished it and signed a long lease ; hat when the ghost gave • up coming and no-one seemed a penny the. - worse- for having heard of it, except'the ser vants, who left.almost in a body, they just stayed on. Kitty has almost fo^otten the occurrence, as they are verycarefulnevcr to mention it before *her. They always call it 'Kitty's Ghost.' "■ . .f* It was altogether her special ghost. It bad nothing to do1 with toe house," cried Maggie. "I don't think 'yon have proved your assertion that ghosts are to be found in new houses, C3ara. This one followed the inhabitants into if; which I don't believe any ■ properly.brought-np English ghost would hare done."' A. general laugh followed this testimony to the antiquarian habits of ghostly visitors; and the girls rose to separate. . "I)on'f dream about the Avah!" said Clara,.. as she bade them good-night. "I think it' was so friendly of her to come and visit Kitty. . I should Kke to have a private, particular : visitor of that kind; one would feel so superior to the rest of the world:" A superiority that I, for one, don't covet in toe least," answered Maggie. "Nor does anyone really, I believe. . Heavens! Clara, what is that ?" and she pointed to the aid of the long passage where a white figure, holding a candle, .was to,be seen advancing slowly towards them. The girls huddled close'to- . gether and looked breathlessly at toe thing/ when a well known voice said, in reproachful tones, ' "Really, children, yon sit up to disgrace ful hours. Do you know that it is really one o'clock ?" A burst of laughter answered the speaker, and Clara said, " Yoa have nearly frightened us out of our wits, mother. *V7e have been felling ghost stories, and you, in youy white dressing-gown, looked very eerie in th* distance. Do put ou a dark one next time yo^ come to look us up." , [the eto.] Cupid is as busy as Santa Claus these days; First Bootblack (Christmas Eve); "Say, Jiimmy, does yer believe in Santa Claus?" Second Bootblack: "Naw." First Bootblack: " Den lea me dat stocking yer got on yer lef* leg, and DA hand it hack in de morning."— Bazar. " There's a song in the air, there's & star in too sky; There's a mother's deep prayer, and a baby's . low cry. And the star rains its fire, while the- beautiful.. —J. G. Hollakd. , 