Wallsend Jockey Club Races- 1 [Bt oub own Reporter./} I The Wallsend Jockey C!nb Chrisbmas meeting concluded on Saturday, when for sn off day there was a very satisfactory attendance of the publio, fully a thousand people putting in an nppenranoe, Tbe meeting, wo are glad to learn from the capablo and obliging secretary, Mr, Cowchor, will be finan cial Huocess, but we fancy it would havo been more po if tbo second day's racing had followed immedi ately after the first, because clashing with tho Sydney meetings on both days could not but be detrimental to tho club, And again when the condition of the times is taken into consideration it is too much to aBk owners of country liorBes to spend three or four days in the town oven with the prospect of having a cut in at Newcastle on the following week. Horseracing is an expensive sport for owners to follow, and where tho prizes are smoll, it iB unwise to overburden those who support tho meeting with unnecessary expense. Tho fieldB throughout were miserably Binall, and tho chances aro that the intervening day between the meeting combined with the character of the prizes had nn injurious effect upon tho nominations, so that it would bo worth while the committee giving this mntter its consideration when tbo ntxt merry meeting comes round. As regatds the nrrnngements for carrying oub the meeting, they were as perfect as could be, tho officials being all well up to thoir 'duties, and nothing occurred to mar tho hnrmony of tho gathering. The starting was effected by Lloyd's machines, and was everything that could bo desirod. There waB no delay nt tho post, and tho fields wore invariably despatched very evenly. This is the first occasion at whioh tho starting machine has been used at Wallsend, nnd judging by the success achieved we should think there will be no reversion to the starterfs flag, which is now played out. The oourse was in excellent order on the both days, notwithstanding a heavy thunder storm on Saturday morning which might hnvo been expected to affect the track. The club was fortu nate in having dodged two extremely hot days in ChristmaB Day and tho Friday following, but the hoab nevertheless was oppressive enough to be unpleasant, more especially on Saturday when the atmosphere was very muggy. There wore six events on the programme each day, and all wero run off to timo hb per programme, an important matter whon visitors hnvo to catch a train or train. On the first day a special train waB run from Newcastle, timed to oaboh up-country trains, but on the second day only tha ordinary trains woro run, so that Maitland aports mon wore unable to reach bhoir homes until after ten o'clock at night. This is not so satisfactory as oould bs wished, but the railway nuthoritios say it does not piy to run a special train on the off day, and that settles tho matter. Tho racing on Saturday was very indifferent, three out of the six raooa being vory hollow nff&irs;, whilo the rosb wero nob muoh bettor. Australian, a smart-looking bay gelding by Tho Australian Poor from Rod and Biaok (imp.), a mare whioh ran well in Mr. JameB Mayo's colours a fow years ago, Bimply made hnoka of those op posed to him in the PUttsburg and Maryland Han dicaps, in both of which ho was handicapped at 6at. 71b„ tho half-stone penalty ho earned for tho soaood race not being a ciroumstanoo to him. Lyoness was woll backed for the big event, but she lindn't tho ghost of a show with Navotte, another of tho 6st 7lb division, who novergavo any thing a ohonoo, ond .won hard hold, after leading all bho way, by half a dozen lengths. Tommy Allinghnm, nn upcouubry jookoy, rodo tho winnor. This is a good lad, whose horsemanship was favour ably commented oh through tho meeting, and ho justified the good opinion expressed of him by his fiiends boforo tho mooting commenced, for he rodo five winnois and a sooond out of seven mounts, and was unplaced in tho a-illing hack rnoo. Ho is a quiet, unnsBuming lad, n vigorous ridor, has a oool head, and in a good sbablo wquld be worth his weight in gold. In bho Hack Raoo So.unuB brokn down badly. This rnoo foil to Duokonficld, against whom n protest' was lodged, nnd sftorwnrdB withdrawn. Lindua won tlio Selling R«o oom fortably for Mr, Lillymnn. A protest was entered ngni'nsb hor for running nb tho pony mootings undor anothor namo, but after hearing ovldonoe tho protest was dismissed. The Final Handioap of .£20, for whioh thoro wore but throo stnrfcora, foil to The Shipper, who wiib fnvourito nt 2 to 1 on, Jnok tho Robber, 7st 101b, nnd Julius, Gsb 111b, filling tho plao'oa. Tho sovon furlongs book lmin. B4Jaocb. In tho Solllug Hack R-ioo Somnus brolco down badly. Mr, Judge, who sooina bo bo fond of cripples, bo oamo bho ownor of Proctor for .£8, Tho rnoo boolia for bho mooting woro vory woll gob up by Mr, Pogonoulti, and woro moro up to dabo thnn is gonornlly tho oaso at oountry mootings, Thoy oon taiuod tho podigroo of every horso nominated, nnd 011 tho sooond day tho results of the first dny'a running. 