THE COLONIAL VOICE OF THE FLYING DAY. I suppose when old stories are reproduced, the reproduction is intended to excite our sympathies, our pity, and, if these virtues fail, our hilarty. I suppose that mjr habitual stolidity prevents me from experiencing any of these feelings. I read them or listen, to them without a heart-string being strained or a muscle moved, and like the proverbial water dripping on rock, I am impervious to their effects. The latest that comes to me is this: A benevolent and enquiring old gentleman, spectacled and with bland voice, asks a country lad whether he attends Sunday-school? Yes, sir, every Sunday." " What do they teach you there ?" " To be good, Sir" " Were you ever baptized my boy " Yes, Sir, once." " Are you sure ?" " Yes, sir, quite sure." " How do you know ?" " Because I've got the mark on my arm, sir." Evfen when this waa a new story, there was nothing in ifc. Any little urchin might call snch things as vaccination and baptism by their wrong names, and therefore I cannot understand bow a leading journal can publish this as one of its bits of facetice. There are very many people who objpet to the one as much as they do to the other. An M.P, in'a neighbouring colony, and who is not unknown in South Australia, has experienced much pei-secution at the bands of the authorities, because he would not have his children vaccinated, whilst the efficacy of the baptism of infants "is questioned by those who practise baptism on those of maturer years. Those tvho do not believe fri either,"we must regard as out of the pale. I wiiuessed rather an , amusing incident last cricketiugsea^on, during a matqh played between two schools. The members of the in-team were seated on the ground discussing the merits of their respective churches. B-omanism .was represented as well as almost every brAnch of 1 disunited Protestantism. All claimed theirs to be the best religion. At length, one youngster got up on his legs iwith a paunican of water in bis hand and told his mates that it WPS nonsense arguing when there was : a Baptist present, and he wonld quick:ly prove to them that, his was the best, Thus saying he threw the contents of the pannican over them, and was off before his school-fellows had recovered fix>m their surprise. A cerrespondent writes to- one of your contemporaries to inform it that " This is the age of sex equality," aud on South Australia devolves the regpoqsibility of setting an example in science and progress, that the nations of the earth will turn .towards her for knowledge, as they did of old to Greece.: . The reason for this liigh-faluting is that ladies were not allowed to fee present at the gay and festive feast when-the late Railway Commissioners were banquetted. The writer thinks that their presence " would semi-prohibit smoking, and not as a moral check on the free use Of wine." I do not know much abont tbe women of South Australia. They may be better than the rest of their sex, but I have visited countries vyhere women, the best in every sense, openly smoked their cigarettes, and I don't suppose they objected to a little vin ordinaire. Sex equality in England at the present time has made smoking a common practice in the best society, and one has onlj to read* the iMedical Journals of to-day to become acquainted with the fact these' same' women are not as abstemious as they should ba If then sex equality is to seat women at public banquets, why _ should they not take advantage of jsuch equality by do^ng as they see men dj). They imitate our dress, they talk our slang. They play our cricket and football. Why should they not take to the seductive _weed, and _the exhilarating di-ink served at'a public banquet, give . us" post-prandial speeches, aiid join in soprano and contralto tones to the music of " For he's a jolly good Fellow." I see no reason why they should not do all these things, for is not." this ihe age of sex equality." A most shocking offence has been perpetrated in Ho barton, within ,the last few days. A traveller from Melbourne to that city brought over a suit of clothes to ohlige a friend, had a customer for it.: The authorities became somehow acquainted with this act of dishonesty, pounced upon the delinquent, confiscated his clothes and fined him £25. This sort of thing ia one of the stepping stones lo Federation. During the last few mouths the three colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, aud South Australia, have lost by death :hose for whsm their citizens have monrned. New South Wales possessod m its Governor, a good, thoughbarmlessman Victoria's loss is as well that of the English speaking race. South Australia has lost a gentleman. Jsbme time ago, Charles Cameron Kingston had a difference with C'nafft y Baker. C, C. K., want-'d to fight, at uied himself with ^revolver, betook hi in self to, Victoria; Sqriare, •and £t;indiug -oppnsVJe t6 liis -opponents oihee, challenged him to come out and shoot. Baker's time for lunacy had not yttt^arrived. -- Kingston's time for revenge came.- We all know that everything comes, or should come, to the man who waits. The occasion was Mr. Hawker's funeral. Baker, as President of the Legislative Council should have occupied a foremost position .in a public ceremonial. Taking advantage of some decision on etiquette which had been given by the Secretary of State for the Colonies some twenty years ago, the Premier placed the President of the Legislative Council in a place inferior to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly In spite of the solemn occasion the Premier grinned with delight Etiquette bad done what the pistol hud failed to do, and eagerly did lie gaze at the President's carriage taking its assigned position in the funeral cortege.' But the -grin was soon changed to dismay^ The carriage was empty. The horse and carriage of the President had been humiliated, not Sir Richard Baker. That gentleman, who "bad-been the late Mr. Hawker's legal adviser, took his proper place in the procession and left Mr. Kingston^ as be could not bnry petty spite ovei- the remains of the dead, to ctew'the cud of bitter discomfiture. - And as I stood by the grave of the man who had sp.ent so many of his best years in the service of his adopted country, I retreated within myself, I was seized with melancholy, I found myself filled as'it 'were, with -phantasmata, with the illusions of the past, and memory immediately recalled some lines which I- had lately read : — With violets blue and violets white She stands thin clad in the misty Tain, Her child_-like face, with lines of pain, Pale in the dusty light. The odours "float up ' from the' fading bloom And linger Taint on the spring-time air, As sweet and sad as dear despair Borne of love's fateful doom. Why is it to-night^ as I see .her eyes, A yearning look in their depths of blue. The flow'rets take the crimson hue Of winter Tsunset skies i" Ah. there, as I pause, whilB her fingers thin Bind up a tiny bouqnet for me, My thoughts go out far oe'r the sea, - Hushed in the city din. From out the dank mists of remorseful tears Her face so wan and llerhair of gold ring back dread phantoms, weird and cold, Ghosts of my buried years. 