Wllfiiul Prejuilce. BY ".THE IDLBBJ ^^OwiNd to the insanitary condition of some parts *of St.-Kilda, it is suggested that the famous marine suburb should be called Scent Kilda. .../v. ? ' #, SOME wives of New South Wales politicians who have been studying the'free railway passes list just published in Sydney, are surprised to find that they were " on the railways " at a particular date. # * ' . .. ^ ; DURING last fortnight Mr. Brunker had 500 appli cations from persons desiring to be made justices of the peace. There are now about 12,000 applications to be considered by the New South Wales Law Department. # #, # . . V MB. Outtrim, M.L.A. (Victoria), says that in his opinion a policeman would do as well as a guard of soldiers at the gate of ? Government House Grounds. Possibly. But if it comes to that, why have even a policeman? Why. not keep- the gates locked and make visitors come in by the back way. # # TKB New Zealand Commissioner of Police has issued a circular, in which he condemns the practice of members of the force belonging to football and athletic clubs, it having been found to interfere considerably with discipline and ; duty. It is noti fied that in future no leave will be granted to enable; members of the' forcd to play football or travel with football or athletic teams. , e , Bod's Peerage is still recording the career of Sir George Kingston, who died at sea on November 26, 1880: In Dod's Peerage, Baronetage, and Knightage for 1894, generally recognised as a standard work, Sir George Kingston's present place of residence is : given as " Adelaide, South Australia." In Who's Who, another " authority," Sir George Kingston is returned as still living ^at the age of 87. # # # THE Chinese may smoke more opium than what is good for them, and have; a weakness for gambling, and be willing to work under Trades Hall rates of wages but they can be generous when they like. The Chinese team which won the tug- of-war against the Hindoos at the Fair held recently in the Mel bourne Exhibition Building, in aid of St. Patrick's Cathedral Building Fund, returned half their prize money with the request that it might be accepted as a donation to the Cathedral Fund, and devoted the other half to charity. , ? ' - , # * Bv the death of Sir Edmund Leechmere, Baronet, a young New Zealand girl will become Lady Lech mere. The late baronet's eldest son was in Christ church a few years ago, and married a daughter of Mr. T. Samuels, of Sumner, New Zealand, and by the death just announced he succeeds to the baronetcy and the estate. The present Baronet Sir Edmund Arthur Lechmere was born in 1865. There is one child issue by his marriage-Ronald Berwick Hungerford, who was born in New Zealand in 1886. The Lechmere family is very ancient. Originally from the Low Countries the Lechmeres acquired from William the Conqueror a grant of lands in Hanley, County Worcester. , . * * . OWING to a difference of opinion between the legatees' concerning the' management of the news paper property left by the late Mr. Samuel Bennett, Mr. Alfred Bennett has sold his fourth interest in the Evening News and the Town and Country Journal newspapers for J£90,000. Messrs. Frank and Cris topher Bennett and Mrs. Henniker-Heaton are the purchasers. Mr. A. Bennett has been in sole charge of the two papers for the past 17 years, since the death of Mr. Samuel Bennett his father. In con nection with this matter it" is reasonable to expect that Mr. J."Henniker-Heaton, M.P., for Canterbury, in the British House of Commons, will, now be a more frequent visitor to Sydney. . , # . * SOCIETY according to a Sydney correspondent is not largely represented in the marriage statistics of New, South Wales for last year. With one or two exceptions, the Sydney society girls who were single at the beginning of 1894 are single still. They are not in demand. So far as they are concerned, no body is the victim of delusion. Every bachelor in Sydney knows perfectly well that the money that is sufficient to beep himself is not sufficient to maintain a society girl as well. On the contrary, he is the subject of a deep and unalterable conviction that it would require four times as much to keep the latter as he finds necessary for his own needs. Assuming, therefore that he has an income of £250 a year, he is certain that he could not afford to marry a society lady upon less than .£1000 per annum. Hence, the young ladies who figure in society papers do not marry. Men flirt with them, give them presents of flowers, pay every attention to them, but they will not be tempted into making them proposals of mar riage. Their fathers use cuss words, and their mothers wonder what has come over the young men, but that does not improve the situation a bit. And onwards towards the shelf the young ladies, usless but expensive objects, steadily proceed. it1 # FOB many months past a tiger of the largest size and most ferocious type haa been supposed to be infesting the wilds in the vicinity of Tantanoola, South Australia. Mr. Riddoch, a member of the South Australian Parliament, recently came across two Afghans, who said that they knew all about tigers and that they would engage to make a search for this one on the conditions that they should be supplied with two.horses, two rifles, and .£5 worth of provisions, and if they captured the tiger, a reward of .£100. The conditions were all agreed to, and, probably, by this time, the Afghans are eating tinned salmon and'drinking, bottled beer in company with thetigei*. It might be as well to say here, that the tiger in question seems to confine his prowl ings to the Debatable Land between Victoria and South Australia. Sometimes it seems he makes incursions into the latter colony, but he never ventures into Victoria- probably because he is afraid that the customs officers would bail him up to pay duty. They are a very artful lot the inhab itants of the Debatable Land. Quite a number of things can be done there openly, which could be done nowhere else-illicit distilling, for instance, and most certainly smuggling. The old English smugglers used to keep a ghost to frighten people away, from their haunts. The denizens of the Debatable Land are satisfied with a tiger. # # # Mix O'Rell concludes an article on the compara tive morality of the English and French in the North American Review thus :-"Oh my dear Anglo Saxon friends, do take it out of your heads that you are more moral than other people! Be a little modest. Try to be satisfied and comforted by the thought that, probably, you are not worse. You have performed wonderful achievements. You are little by little securing all that is worth having on the surface of the earth. Do leave us something our character, for instance.You push us aside in every part of the globe. It would really be so kind of you not to take away from us the hope that one day we may have a little corner in the abode of the seraphs. I know the West End and the East End of London; I have seen Argyle- street, in Glasgow; High-street and the Canongate, in Edinburgh, on Saturday nights; I have visited the dives of Chicago, the dens of Now York and San Francisco j I have seen the gambling hells of Denver and the rest. I have seen Paris in all its nooks and corners, and I really cannot make up my mind that Anglo-Saxon land scores in the comparison. Everywhere in every shape or form, immorality and vice are detestable, and I condone them neither in the French nor in the Anglo-Saxon. To show that, when the French man is immoral, he is not more so than the Anglo Saxon, but differently so, is the only aim of these remarks. THE death of Mr. Joseph Clarke has again thrown " Cliveden" into mourning. This will be the third winter that bereavement has befallen Sir William Clarke's esteemed family. Mr. Clarke was the third and youngest son of the late Hon. W. J. T. Clarke, M.L.C., and was born at .Newtown, near Hobart, on January 1, 1835. He managed his father's Tas manian estates for some years prior to the latter's decease in 1874, when he succeeded to large estates in Tasmania, South Australia, and New Zealand. Since 1874 Mr. Clarke had resided in Toorak. He married in 1860 Caroline, daughter of his uncle, Mr. Lewis Clarke. Mr. Clarke gave many liberal dona tions to public institutions and charities, notably iioOOO to Trinity College, Melbourne, and a similar amount to the Anglican Cathedral, Melbourne. Mr. Clarke left one son, Mr. W. J. T. Clarke, a barrister, residing in Melbourne, 