CURRENT NOTES. Kx-Cousciiaor Alfred Serpeu,, of Nuimw.-uling, Victoria, is a gentleman who is exceptionally careful of liis soul. We do not blame him on this account—it is, unfortunately, not a very common attribute to councillors in Victoria nr elsewhere—but Mr. Serpell's anxiety about the welfare of his immortal part induces him to pay a very doubtful compliment to his late c ^leagues—to insinuate all inference, in fact, that no man who had any consideration for his soul would consent to remain a member of the Nunawading Shire Council. Mr. Serpell has recently taken a much-tobe-lamented step ; he has resigned from the body he so long adorned, and his intelligent resolution on this point was so quaintly put that we cannot refrain from publishing a portion of his letter:—"Gentlemen,'" he says, " I find that late hours at council meetings, and the, to my mind, offensive mid disorderly conduct that often takes place, Iwve a very bad effect on my body and soul. Therefore, I beg to tender my resignation as a councillor," etc. # # • * U is to be hoped that for the future the people of Box Bill, whom Mr. Serpell repre- M iii ed ill the Nunawading Council, will bo very careful whom they send in to that body, and spare no exertion to secure the services of a gentleman whose soul is not too susceptible to i lie bad influences of unparliamentary language mid late hours. A sensitive soul is an unfortunate attribute to a councillor, especially a shire councillor. There are gentlemen who have no few for their souls even in Parliament. They oi.uld perform the duties they had undertaken, even though there were a prize-fight on the floor of the House every night; and if hon. members employed the language of the cattle market in expressing themselves, they could yet preserve their souls in a fair average condition of righteousness. But, of course, a councillor like Mr. Serpell is quite justified in getting out of temptation's way if he finds the influence of the men with whom he is called upon to associate at all likely to jeopardise his chances of future solvation. * # * * However, it appears that the members of the Nunawading Council are not all thin-skinned, ;m<l bear their late colleague no malice, even if !»' lias left the world to infer that councillors of Xuuatrading are prone to lead good men astray •mil jeopardise their immortal souls. The council shown at least one Christian virtue in reluming good for ovil, it having resolved to .-.end letter under its own particular seal to Mr, Serpell, "acknowledging the valuable serv ices lie has rendered to the shire during the six ye irs he has represented the Box Hill riding." Tii is is turning the other clieek with a vengeance, mid probably the retiring councillor will be sorry he was not a great deal more caustic m his remarks, in which case he would assuredly have been presented with an illuminated address and a silver tea and coffee service by the grateful councillors. Phouably, so far as the general public is concerned, the departure of Oscar Wildevfrom I'n 1 dock on Saturday last to Bervethe sentence "i two years with hard labour imposed upon !ii:u by Judge Wills, was the last scene of all in it strange eventful history. Not many people will regret with the Justice that the sentence eujild not be made heavier, not because the punishment is in any measure adequate to the unspeakable crimes of the accused, but from 'ho knowledge of the degradation to which the jury's finding commits this man, who a few Jiort weeks back was an object of admiration and envy to a large proportion of the people of every country in which the English language is spoken and read. The punishment the judge was empowered to inflict is trivial to that which must follow Wilde through life. If the prisoner's attitude in the court during the days of his last trial is any criterion, it is very evident that not all his extraordinary cynicism, nor his great affectation of contempt for the opinions of the vulgar, can render him indifferent to the contumely that must follow him wherever he goes henceforth. In fact, it would appear that Wilde's appearance of arrogant self-sufficiency was merely acloak under whichhe sought to hide an abnormal sensitiveness, the resultof extraordinaryconceit, and he was simply crushed when he saw at last that there remained no means of escape from the consequence of his iniquities. He lias been a notoriety hunter all his life ; for the future he can only evade obliquity and the loathing of iiis fellows by oue course —a course that must have suggested itself to him before this, as it has suggested itself to hundreds of thousands who have been interested in following his case—the use of the poison bowl or the " bare bodkin." t It is very satisfactory to know that the vigorous Ministerial Retrenchment Committee has got its eye upon the Government Printing OBice, and that Mr. Vale and his remorseless colleagues have been overhauling that extraordinary institution with a view toputting the retrenchment brake upon it, and modifying its wild career to a great extent. After prospecting around amongst the archives of the office, and knocking the dust off a few scores of bosses and sub-bosses, the committee finds itself in a position to conscientiously recommend reforms in the management of the State printing works that will result in a saving of £13,000 a year. The amount of money that has been squandered in this office may be remotely understood when it is known that after the cost of it has been reduced one-half during the last four or five years, there is still room for an enormous saving like that recommended by the Retrenchment Committee. It is a comfort to know thatwhereotherGovernments were satisfied to draw a veil over abuses, Messrs. Turner and Co. prefer to draw a Vale, and the results are usually edifying. The supervising staff at the Government Printing Office was proved to be ridiculously large, there being eight bosses to every one found needful in a private establishment—in fact, every employe seemed to be a boss, barring the office boy, and he was said to have intentions of asking for a rise in consideration of the fact that he bossed the cat, and she had had kittens in the waste-paper basket, and thereby largely increased the number under his control, and greatly complicated his duties. The wages paid to the employes, too, are much above the union rate, a fact that has led to a great deal of discontent and friction in private printingworks, where the employers, not having the Treasury behind them, were unable (o pay princely salaries to compositors whose cupidity was fired by the successes of their friends in the Government Office. The materials used by the high-flo w n officials in this department, too, are costly out of all reason, and the plant is expensive in urn portion to its antiquity, which is great. On the whole, it is pretty evident, in spite of the savings made and those to be effected, that the Government would be better served and would be greatly in pocket if its printing work were done outside—as nearly all other classes of Government work is done—011 tender. A stbike of foster-mothers was threatened. The Ministry had resolved to decrease the weekly allowance paid to those who take wards of the State, and bring them up. The ladies concerned were indignant, and it was suggested by one of them that they should "resign in a body." Members of the Government would, in that case, have had a choice assortment of boys and girls thrown on their hands, with the task of finding homes for them. Five shillings a week for boarding and clothing a growing boy or girl was surely not over-payruent, and a reduction to 4s. looked like niggardliness. It may be called an un-four-tunate proposal. The foster-parents are, in nearly all cases, very poor people, and tliey undoubtedly perform a service to society in taking the children into their care. Surely this is a piece of retrenchment policy that will well bear abandoning altogether. A Ministry with a Foster- father in it might be expected not to deal thus hardly with the foster- children. The Chief Justice, in dismissing the petition for divorce in the Timms' case, lias been good enough to give what might be called a " direction" to married men as to their marital duties, and a somewhat remarkable piece of information to married women as to their conjugal rights. His Honor said :—"Nothing was more certain than that between married people each was entitled to the society of the other, and each was entitled to have that intercourse with the other which it was intended that every well-organised person should have with the other sex when married—that the husband should have with the wife and vice versa. If a husband refused this to a.wife, lie certainly went a very loug way to disentitle himself to any relief in that court. If the wife had not that advantage which marriage entitled her to, it was by no means unnatural that she should go elsewhere, and the husband in such a case had only himself to thank if she did." Every man who has a wife of his own, or of somebody else, knows how that wife expects to be kiseed at parting in the morning when the breadwinner or loafer upon chance sets dut to pursue his daily avocation. At night when he returns murmuring to himself that it is sweet to know there is an eye will watch his coming and let out the cn respondent by the back-door, the wife expects the simple tribute of a kiss. She is entitled to it, and, in the language of the Chief Justice, "if a husband refused this to his wife be certainly want a very long way to disentitle himself to any relief from the Divorce Court." It might be that the husband comes home tired in the evening. He may have had business cares or pecuniary troubles, or lie may have been principal in a prize-fight, tramway accident or other diversion, which has caused his countenance to assume a shape in which a display of affection would be a hollow mockery, anil a kiss more painful than a surgical operation. The wife might claim the advantage of a fond embrace, a loving kiss. "If," says the Chief Justice, "the <vife had not the advantage which marriage entitled her to, it was by 110 means unnatural that siie should go elsewhere." * * * * This may be admirable and not unnatural philosophy, but we fear that the adjective, " moral," will not be attached to it even by the most advanced wives who practise it. The commercial traveller, for instance, who is necessarily away from the companionship of his wife for a week or two at a time, is likely to feel uncomfortable over this latest dictum, of His Honour. The commercial traveller may be a very " well -organised person," but circumstances over which be has no control may prevent hiin kissing his wife. It is true that lie can send by daily postcard the X X X X X X that adorn the letters of young people, but these tributes are not, as a rule, sufliciently satisfying to married persons. I11 the instance which we place before His Honour of a well-organised commercial traveller being absent from his wife being unable to convey his warm kisses, even by registered letter, to his loving spouse, would His Honour suggest that she should "go elsewhere?" The very suggestion should take the wax out of His Honour's moustache and make the hair grow over his forehead, if only for the purpose of standing on end. E^We have attempted to be funny 011 this subject, and we have failed. Let us look at the serious aspect of such an extraordinary dictum. The Shiels Act has done much towards making divorce easy, but it never went so far as suggesting what the Chief Justice does—an excuse for marital immorality. The advanced woman may, in her yearnings after " something fresh," seek politics as an opiate for the want of her husband's caresses ; but it is scarcely in accordance with tlio iitness of things that wives shuuld lie told that if their husbands do not hug them properly they are entitled to seek the arms of outside bears, liven Dr. Lloyd, of North Melbourne, would scarcely go so far as that well - organised Sir John Madden. "Let not ambition mock their useful toil,' -we might say of the New South Wales Political Labour League, if we could be certain that it does toil, or that it is useful. It is, at any rate, determined to curb the ambition of its Parliamentary representatives. Its platform, as just •agreed upon, contains a stringent provision that "no Labour member shall.juin any Ministry, unless a majority of that Ministry is composed of Labour members." This is a sad waste of words. It might just as well stop after the first word "Ministry;" for011 these terms no Labour member would stand the ghost of a show of getting into any Government whatever. It is obvious that a Government will never consist of a majority of Labour members until Parliament itself consists of a majority of Labour members, and that is not likely to be the case for a long while yet. We wonder che P.L.L. does not go further, and say that no representative of its august self shall sit in Parliament at all until it can return a majority of mtnibers of Parliament. No doubt the country would be benefited by such a resolve. The strong desire£t present ruling in the Australian financial and-speculative mind is either to float on the Loudon market or sell to the British public anything that' there appears to be the slightest ^chance of ^floating or selling success fully. We do not admire this eagerness to part with our good. Wri'ugs: if they are not good so much the more reason that they should not be offered to the British investor. Wo have been much discredited in the past by the flotation of wild-cat financial and mining schemes on the London market, and hope that we may be long kept from a return to that era of blow, boast and deceit during which period Australia's financial credit and honour were left chiefly in the hands of a band of shallow, over-sangniuft, almost unscrupulous men, who were working for their own ends and pockets, and nearly succeeded in destroying Australian credit, as they did succeed in most instances in ruining themselves. We always look with suspicion upon any eagerness displayed to part with good things; it is too much opposed to human nature to merit our confidence. If our gold, silver or tin mines are first-class investments, why should we be so eager to 6ell them to speculators ? If our mines are bad, why endeavour to palm them off on the poor investors of poverty-stricken Europe ? It is neither wise nor charitable. We are never done mourning over the heavy interest that is being sent bow to money-lending England, Are we going to Jm to the pile of gold which is being annually ehif^d by handing over the pick of our gold and silver mines p 