METHODIST DISTRICT CON- 1 VENTION. RECEPTION MEETING. In connection with the Methodist District Convention which commences in the Williatn-strcet Wesleyan Church Bathurst this morning at 10.30., a reception meeting was held in the church last night. There was a fair congre gation, earnest addresses were delivered, and singing and prayer were heartily indulged in. The chairman of the con vention Rev. W. G. Taylor presided, and Revs. C. E. James (Bathurst) ; F. Onesbury (Orange); R. W. Laverty (Hill End) ; H. Wheen (Sunny Corner); and Messrs. J. Tremain and J. Hine took part in the proceedings. All the ministers announced to attend the con vention are expected to be present to-day. . The chairman said the convention was to bo no ordinary gathering. Ho would like to emphatically impress upon them that at the beginning of the convention they must clearly and definitely bring themselves into touch with teachings of the Holy Ghost. They would meet, not to transact business, not to argue fine theological questions ; but to gain a mighiy spiritual influence to enable them to return to their different spheres of labor full of faith in tho Holy Ghost. He urged upon those present to make strong efforts to be present at every meeting of the convention, and to pray earnestly for strength be fore attending. He hoped the outcome of the convention would bo to foster m their hearts a whole-hearted Christ-like enthusiasm to win souls to God. At all such gatherings at which be had ever attended, he had seen some crowning point in which there had been a glorious awairening lor unrist ; ana ne had the impression that the coming occa sion would see a mighty baptism for the Holy Ghost.. They, the pastors, in tensely lodged for an old-fashioned and Pentecostal revival, and he urged upon them to foster a spirit of expectation for a big blessing at the Convention. He heartily welcomed all the brethren in the name of God, and was anxious that they should enter into the glorious work of the Convention with heart and soul. The Rev. C. E. James said if they attended the Convention with the dyna mic force of the Holy Spirit in their hearts, theireffortswouldresultin increas- ing light for the knowledge of tbe glory of God being spread in Bathurst. Though many other brethren from dis tant parts of the country were unable to be present at the convention, there was, from the banks of the Darling to the fringe of tlie Blue Mountains, a circle of prayer in which they could all spiritually take part. There were evidences in the district of a great revival in God's work, and the gathering of the different Ministers would result in their mutual spiritual benefit which would fill them with an enthusiasm for Christ such as they were never possessed of before. He also extended a hearty .welcome to all members of the convention. Rev. Mr. Duesbury, in the course of an earnest address, impressed upon all who were to take part in the proceedings of the convention to attend with a firm purpose of endeavoring to fully realise the nower of - the Holy Ghost. He urged them to give up their whole souls to Christ. As a frigate in the dangers of a storm showed the larger vessels of a fleet to a harbor of safety, so the coming convention could let into their hearts tbe spiritual light which would guide them to the Lord. He felt gratified that the light of God shone in his circuit, and gave instances of the glorious work that had been performed there in bring souls to Christ. Rev. Mr. Laverty also.spoke earnestly and trusted they would all gain great spiritual blessing from tbe Convention. He spoke of the necessity of earnest prayer for strength and tact in dealing with the hearts of men. He urged duty nnd a fuller consideration to God ; com plete acceptance of His guidance, and then all would be well. Mr. John Tremain spoke of the necessity of coming to God with open hearts to recoive His bleesing. They should not attend the Convention in a critical nnd complaining spirit against the various speakers, but in order to gain individual blessing. Rev. Mr. Wheen said it was a glorious thing to hold a Convention which would be attended by brethren from all points of the districts to meet unnst. rie spoke earnestly of the necessity oE their cultivating a spirit of sincerity in religious exeicises. He also gave in stances of the increased spread of reli gion in his circuit. Prayers were offered by Messrs. G. Whalan and J. Hine, Mr. Taylor pro nounced the benediction, and the meeting closed. The Convention will commence at 10,30 this mornjng with a special session for ministers. ? 