PORT WAKEFIELD. April 12. The Rev. A. D. Bennett, who baa completed his three-year term in the Fort Wakefield Circuit, preached bis farewell sermon to a large congregation in the Wesleyan Cburch on Sunday evening last. Basins; bis remarks on the Apostolic Benediction, " Tbe grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and tbe love of G-od and the communion of the the Holy Ghost be with you all.-Amen," the rev. gentleman delivered a powerful and appropriate discourse. On Wednesday evening last a large number of the congregation and members of the Christian Endeavour Society met in the Lecture Hall, which was nicely decorated for the occasion, and taodered a farewell social to Mr. and Mrs. Bennett, who are shortly leaving for England for a holiday. After various games were indulged in refreshments were banded arauDd, after which Mr. Job Morris (Society Steward and one of the "Vice-Presidents of the C.E. Society) iu well-shosen remarks referred to the work of Mr. Bennett daring his term, and on behalf of tbe Christian Endeavour Society presented Mr. Bennett with a nicely framed illuminated address and a gold C.E. fcadge. The Secretary (Mr. C. E. Hewett) read the address as follows '* Port Wakefield. To the Reverend Augustus D. Bennett. Reverend and Deai- Sir-We, tbe members of tbe Poit Wakefield Christian Endeavour Society, feel we cannot allow yon to depart with out placing on record our hearty appre ciation of your untiring and zealous labours for our Society. You have ever been assiduons in tbe discharge of the various and onerous duties as President of our Christian Endeavour Society. We pray G-od to abundantly bleBs you and vour esteemable wife and family, and to crown your labours with great succes*. Yours in Christ, on behalf of tbe members. Job Morris end E. A. Hewett, Vice President; Clement E. Hewett, Secretary. April 10th, 1895." Messrs. S. Sleep (Senior Circuit Stewart), A. Sandercnck (Society Steward), and tbe Misses F. and and E. A. Hewett spoke iu eulogistic terms of the work of Mr. Bennett and wished bim and Mrs. Bennett a happy and pleasant trip to the old world and a safe return. The Eev. A. D. Bennett, who was tBken by surprise, feelingly and gratefully acknowledged the kindness as expressed in tbe presentation and the sentiment expressed, and stated tbat during his term the membership had increased by 50 after allowing for re movals and deaths. The sum of £35 had been paid off an old circuit debt of £100 of eight years standing. In addition to this a debit balance of £20, which was on the circuit when he took charge, was also liquidated and he was leering a clean balance-sheet for his successor. Fort Wake6eld Church Trust on which the debt had increased from £820 to £350 owing to accumulated interest and current expenses, was re duced to £330, and interest and current expenses were met to date. He urged all to rally around his successor, the B.e». A. Gremar, assuring them that if they did so both the spiritual and financial interests would be conserved and success fully worked. the engine np about 300 yards from the spot where deceased threw himself down. He was struck bj the cow-catcher. Went back to where the body eras. Did not know the man. Was travelling at the usual speed. By the Police-The place where the the engine went over deceased would be about 4 miles distant from Moonta. J. Dean was driving at the time. Identify the bod; of deceased as being that which . the train went over. By the Jury-Believe from his attitude that he threw himself in front of the engine. Deceased was 5 or 6 feet from the engine and about 30 from the witness. By the Stationmaster-It was not pos sible to pull the engine up within 25 feet. Openfefi the sand box immediately on ap plying tbe break. The railway is enclosed by a six-wire fence. Should ssy that any one found within the enclosure would be trespassing. John James Dean, stationed at Kadina, engindriver on No. 1 down mixed train, gave corroborative evidence as to bis mate calling his atteution to having run over a man, and to shutting of steam. On going back found the body of deceased 21 yards from tbe bush where first seen. Was the first to go and view tbe body. The top of deceased's head was cnt off and one of his legs broken. Have been driving for five years and never bad an accident before. William Crightonj of Kadina, railway guard of the train, deposed-The first in timation he had of the accident was the whistle to put down the brakes. On ar riving at Moonta be reported the matter to the police. Richard Pbelan, Sergeant of Police, stationed at Moonta, stated-Was at the railway station on Saturday morning on the arrival of the No. 1 down train. Last witness reported that a man had been killed at 130 mile post. IW statioomaster (Mr Risbv) having made arrangements for tbe engine to stop, he (Mr Risby) aeconr panied him to the scene of tbe accident. On errival foaod the body of a man lying at the foot of the embankment 12 feet higb. The body presented a striking ap pearance, both arms and one" leg being broken and the top part of the skull cut off. Noticed a tree on the embankment and tracks about one yard from the tree ; also a depression of the ballast, and two yards further blood and brains scattered about for 22 yards to where the body was lying. Constable Riley joined witness, and when the body was identified as that of Phillip Costelio, sewed the body up and took it to deceased's late residence 200 yards distant. Tbe finding of the jury was-" That de ceased came by his death on Saturday morning April 13, by throwing himself in froat of the- engine while suffering from temporary insanity." 