St. Peter's, East Maitland. SERMON BY BISHOP OF MELANESIA. To-day, being Ascension Day, the nsual services were held in St. Peter's Church, East Maitland. At the morning one the preacher was his Lordship the missionary Bisbop of Melanesia, who is staying at Bishopscourt, Morpeth, during his brief visit to this nart of the country. The congregation was but small, owing no doubt, to no public announce ment being being made of the fact. The clergy present were bia Lordship the Bishop of Newcastle, his Lordship the Bishop of Melanesia, who was accompanied by his chaplain, the Rev. Percy Willliams.Jand the Ven. Archdeaon Tyrrell. The service was the usual one for the day. The prayers were said by the Archdeacon. The Rev. Percy Williams re.id the lessons, and in the Communion office the Epistle and Gospel were read by the Bishops of Melanesia and Newcastle respectively. Ascensientide hymns were used. The Right Rev. Cecil Wilson chose as his text Heb. x., 12 and 13 — ' But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God ; from henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool.' There were two points of time, the Bishop said, referred to in the text. The first was the time when the Saviour of the world gave His life upon the cros3, rose again, and sat down on the right hand of God ; and the second, after a great interval, showed Him expecting, waiting, till His enemies be made His footstool. He was waitinar till that dav in which all those who opposed him and were still kept from him might be His enemies no longer, be brought to His feet He did not hate His persecutors — those who placed Him upon the cross ; the Pharisees and the Sadducees ; those who stirred tip sin and eatan to hate the Lord Jesus. There would be a great day when they would be made His footstool. Christ was now interceding for them. He was expecting, waiting for the day when people should be turned more completely to him, and be His enemies no longer. He was pleading that sacrifice upon the cross offered so many hundred years ago to take away our sins. They were about pleading that sacrifice, and should rotnember He would be pleading it too. He was waiting, expscting all to come to hi* feet. Whilst He was doing that what hsd He proposed for His C'wurch to do. Did He leave any organisation to be the means of bringing the world to His feet. He had said to the Apostles that after the Holy Ghost had come upon them, they should be witnesses unto Him both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samnna, and unto the uttermost part oP the earth. They had their work to do for Christ — to bring all lands to His feet. That was what they were to be doing in the interval between the times mentioned in the text. They were to be workers for Him— to be witnesses for Him. They should never be satisfied till all were brought to His feet. Though the Aspostles were sent oub unto all the world, and the church was commanded to work in the interval, still many did not see it to ha their duty. He was sure the whole church did not see it to be their duty to evangelise the world. In the old days, when the Apostles were sent out into world, they went with such quickness and energy thnt within 40 years after Christ h-id ascended into heaven, the whole of the known world had had Christ preached to it. They had St. Paul going to the world round the Mediterranean, into Italy, mto Spain, and some said even to Britain. Others took the Gospel to India and Persia. But now, after 18 centuries had gone by, there was still half the world — over 800 millions of people — who had never heard of the Saviour. In the past they had not seen it to be fchrsir duty to make Him known. How many of them had set out to bring tho heathen to Christ ? How many of them felt it their duty to make disoipleB of all nations ? Instead »' uucit icoiiug iu a, uuoy, id naa oocorae a matter of sentiment; and therefore ij; was necessary to have lectures, meetings, and so on. He hnd seen many dark places pf the earth last j^psr. He hac visited places where the church had beon working for the laBt 45 years, and many were still involved in gross darkness. He hud considered there was great darkness in a large town in England, where le was working when the call came to him ; but it was nothing to the darkness in these lands. He instanced the island of Malayta, 1200 or 1300 miles from there. It was bathed in blood, fighting all the year round, cursed with cannibal practices. The children were killed so that it was impossible m some places to find a child born in the village, and when one was wanted to work he was purchased from other places. In this island there was a little Christian village, and the heathen people surround in^ thorn had been trvincr for month to month to wipe them out, but God had protected them and at last their enemies had gone away. Last ye*r when he visited the place ' in November, they wondered whether the little settlement had been destroyed, and they feared greatly when no one came to meet them. Their heartB .were glad dened when presently there came to them some simple-minded men and women, clothed and clean. These were the Christians. They had not been scattered. The reaBon they had not come to meet them was that when they arrived in the early morning the people were just assembling for wor ship. These 78 Christian men and women were settled in an island 120 miles long, and all the rest of the people in the island had been trying to kill them. There were many such islands. Yet it was eighteen hundred years ago that Christ had com manded them to go into all the world and be wit nesses of Him. The reason was that they had not seen it to be their duty. It was only recently that the interest was growing. What was the Australian oiiiiwoli Aninrr fnr +.Vinir lipA.(-.Vif-n — for f.he aborigines at Bel'eac!er Ker, the island natives on the sugar plantations, the Chinese, and the New Guinea mission, where there were only two clergymen and two laymen. They had not seen it to be their duty to win these people to religion. He referred to all that required to be done in the otder civilised parts of the world. There was too much of the undenominational feeling abroad. People said it would be all right if people lived up to their lights. Christ eaid all these people must some day come to worship Him— come to his feet. To those who said let them alone, he would say did not Christ die for them. Was not the scene pictured by St, John in Revelation to be brought about of all peoples, nations, and tongues appearing before the throne and praising the Lamb. It waa from this feeling of undenominationalism that when a man offered him self to go th3 heathen his friendB tried to dissuade him. In 1841 when Selwyn came out his friends said he was a madman. When John Coleridge Patteson offered, his friends tried to hold him back. Only about 30 yet had left their njxncs ttnu uuuiu out ui luo uuuluu uu jluijtucoic*. So it was when they were asked to give money, people said what a pity it was to let the money go out of the country. The lesson they needed to learn was that of self-sacrifice. There were some 124 churches and schools in these missions, and the natives labouring in them gave them examples of self-saciifice. Men left their own island where they were living in pease, and stood by themselves in a foreign country among people of differentreligion One was mentioned in such circumstances who had a price set on his head. He had been labouring there without succesB for years. Eight yeara ago when Bishop John Selwyn visited there, he came to him and said : ' Father, thsse people will never become Christians; take me away.' Thebiship said ' Shall we kneel down and ask God it they are never to be Christians.' When they rose from their knees the native said 'Father, I will try again.' That man had been working there 11 years now, and instead of the people trying to kill him they all tried to come to the village because it was a peaceful one. There were many such examples for them of Belf sacrifice. They had an opportunity of doing something that day in con tributing to the support of the mission. He also urged the taking of a missionary paper and having their sympathies aroused in the cause, and so forward the time when they would be brought to Christ's feet, and all be included in one fold under one shepherd. The offertory was in aid of the mission. A cele bration of the Holy Communion followed, the Bishop of Newcastle being the celebrant, being assisted by the Bishop of Melanesia and the Ven. Archdeacon Tyrrell. 