VISIT OF THE BISHOP OF 3IEL BOURNE. His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne the Rev. DK Goe, who, with Mrs. Goe, is at present on a visit to this city, conducted service in St. Paul's Church yesterday morning, the Von. Archdeacon MacOullagh reading the Isssons. The bishop selected for his text Acts, 18th chapter, 2-lth and 25th verses—" And a certni.u Jew named Apollos, born at Alexandria, tin eloquent man, and mighty in the scripturcn, came to Ephesus. This man was instructed io the way of the Lord, and being devout in spirit, he spake, and taught diligently the things of the Lord, knowing only the baptism of John." He said that although Apolloswasan eloquent preacher, he had not at the time mentioned in llie text received the spirit of the Holy Ghost. Apolloa only knew of the baptism of John, who said, " I in ieed baptise you with water, but there conieth One after me who will baptise you with the Holy Ghost." Aquila and Pris cilla, who had previously seen Paul, aud through his teachings understood the doctrine of the Holy . Ghost took i Apolloa into their house and expounded ! to him more thoroughly the way of God. And in a very short time he too was filled with the Holy Ghost, and so was then enabled to. "mightily convince the Jews, and that pub licly, showing by the Scriptures that Jesus was Christ.1' The bishop remarked that the little bit of history which was contained in the chspier from which tho text was taken, ex emplified how church work should be carried on, without any jealousies or bickerings, by the laity and clergy. The glorification of Christ lud the extension of Bis kingdom should be their paramount desire. He was pleased to see the united efforts that were being put forth by the Anglican churches in this district to make the approaching diocesan festival in aid of the Bishop of Melbourne's fund a big succese. He explained that the object of the fund was to provide for the spiritual requirements of those people who were residing in sparsely populated portions of the colony, and expressed the hope that the members of the different churches in the diocese would continue to use their utmost endeavors to promote the success of the under taking. In the afternoon his Lordship officiated at All Saints' Church, and administered the rites of confirmation to about 115 persons, the majority being young people. Fifty-three confirmees were from All Saint's, and the remainder from St. Paul's, St. Peter's (Eaglehawk), St. Mat thew's (Long Gully), St. Luke's (White Hills), and St. Mary's (Kangaroo tflat). The Bishop preached at All. Saint's in the evening, when the church was crowded to, its utmost capacity. The Rev. J. Garlick and Mr. Rettie assisted in the service. . The preacher took for his text St. John 7th chapter, 17th verse—"If any man will do His will he shall know of the doctrine whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself." He commenced by referring to the mental activity of the present age, and remarked that through the increased facilities which had been afforded for education during late years various ques tions of public importance were >iow discussed with as much interest in the factories aud, workshops a3 in the halls of learning. Amongst the questions which were freely discussed was that of religion, not only in the daily news papers and magazines, but amongat all classes of the community. . In fact lie ventured to say that the subject of religion was never pre viously discussed to Buch an extent as it was at the present time. What w.ts wanted, however, was to see that this activity of thought was directed into a proper channel. Many people made a great mistake in thinking that the sub jectof religion could be ditcussed in the same way a3 astronomy, geology or a philosophical question. Something more than mere education was required. There were mysteries in con nection with the Christian religion, such as the Trinity in Unity, the Atonement, etc., which would never be thoroughly understood on this earth because the finite cannot possibly understand the iufinite. But with their Bibles for a guide they could obtain sufficient know ledge to eoable them to hold communion with God, and if they would only go to Him in simple faith, they would bo received into _Hia fold, and after death they would be received into glory. The Bishop will administer the rites of con firmation in St. Mark's Church of Kugland, Golden-square, at 8 o'clock this evening. 