TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. HT"Nonquam Dormio." For a thoroughly enjoyable afternoon's racing IT would bp extremely difficult to improve on last Saturday's experience at Cauifield In consonance with the perfect weather the attendance was something marvellous for this most distressful'' country; the presence of Sir John and Lady Madden adding "tone" to the vast assemblage of Blood, Bone and lieauty. Mb. Skit. Miller's liaak performed ejually as well under her 101b. penally as she had done on the preceding Saturday : and such was the faith of the punters in stable intentions that they laid 12 to 1 on heras against nine others " like water." Koisold I Xewminster—Zuleika) finished within a couple of lengths of Mr. Miller's big " raaking'' filly •. whilst Archie Yuille's Dux (by Gang Forward our of imported Theresa) was third a similar distance behind Kobald. I liked the style in which Dux performed; seeing that, getting none too well away, she was coining along splendidly towards the fag end of the journey. Thf. Messrs. Miller set most folks " guessing " over the nomenclature of their yearlings ; but uiethinks they have veiy aptly named the Carlyon —Queen of Nations filly, ivbo finished "absolutely " in the Second Sapling Stakes. She is named lerne, and if she don't " earn " she is not likely to have too much attention paid to her racing capabilities in the Mill Park establishment. Drones are at a discount there ; they believe in working bees. The parties behind Corncrake (9.3, including a :Ub. penalty) got a nice price about the aged son of Brandon and Pattie, who had performed but indifferently at Sandown Park (with !).ll) so recently its the 3nth July. On Saturday neither Ripple" (10 0), Sylvan Prince (10.5), AVoonoke (11.1), nor Billy (H 10) appeared to have the ghost of a show against him at any portion of the mile and tliree-quartBr journey. Corncrake is evidently a wear-and-tear sort of customer, possessed of " whips of pace " as well as jumping ability ; and the chances are he will annex a few more events at the " illegitimate " game ere our handicappers thoroughly gauge his true strength. Diiino (13 3) starting at 2 to 1 against a field of Fourteen others won the four-mile Steeplechase almost as easily as "kiss-hand" in the record time of Eight Minutes Sixteen Seconds ! There's the taJe of the Cauifield Grand JTationa! of 18!)o for you boiled down till it could be placed inside a nutshell. From the time the weights appeared I fancied it was a " dead cert." for him until last Thursday. And then I Wavered in My Allegiance. And do you know what caused me to waver ? Going in to George Mayger's Victoria Hotel, in company with Messrs. T. P. Power and Brand, we met Jem Barbour with his face bandaged up, and looking as if he had recently passed through a threshing machine—the result of a spill off the steeplechaser No Name at Sandown Park. Ui'ON inquiring how he felt, Barbour replied— " Oh, I am all right! There's nothing much the matter with me !" But, when the three of us came to consider things, we arrived at the conclusion that Jem Barbour was not in the condition a jockey ought to be in to contest a four-mile Steeplechase against such formidable opposition, and we immediately cast around to find something more reliable. But we failed to discover it; alheit a sneaking regard I had for Geometry was fully justified by the bold front Mr. E. Manifold's iive-vear-old daughter of Euclid and Uascony displayed right throughout the journey. Hut There Was Only One In It right throughout the piece. Jim Barbour mightn't have been in the best of nick, but lie was in quite good enough form to steady the favourite behind Jligh'jorn Sccond, Romsdal and Knebsworth in turn till about nine furlungsfrom home, when he let hiui out, and a bartje royal immediately ensued 'twixt him and Rim&dal;, the pair clearing away from the others. Short and sharp, but very decisive, was the struggle, and just before reaching the home turn Baibour threw the first of his backward glances to see where the nearest of the opposition lay, and then sailing along at Ins own sweet will -hut nevertheless keeping the pace up still —lie siv»pt past the post a comjiaritively easy winner by two lengths from Kumsdal, who in turn was a length and a-half in advance of Geometry, the only others to finish being Highborn II., C'ampaspe and Songster. Tiikhk were l'«o Ebullitions of Public Feeling connected with the race. The first found vent when J. 13. Brewer came down "a purler" with Baltoro at the second obstacle after the start. When it was found that he didn't intend to remount and pursue the field the hoi jjolloi, who only a few days before had howled themselves hoarse with delight at his successive glorious victories on Eminalea and UoseBtem, turned on him like a set of faithless curs, and saluted him with all sorts of jeers and opprobrium. The outpourings of the multitude exemplified the Seamy Side of Human Nature with a vengeance ! The Popular Idol had become Too Successful; and those who had been most abject in crooking the pregnant hinges of the knee were the very first to revile and "sling mullock " at him on his downfall. Th k second Ebullition transpired when it was placed beyoDd question that nothing save a bolt from the blue could prevent Daimio from winning. Then there arose in the bracing air admonitions of "Oomo on, Jim !" " Bravo, Jim !" and so forth, until the Messrs. Gibson Brothers' steed had passed the winning-post, when the pent up feelings of those who had up to that time had not given tongue swept all before them, and the whole scene became madness. On a limited scale the din of acclamation reminded me of that glorious Tuesday afternoon in November, JKflO, when Carbine romped home in advance of 3S others in the Melbourne Cup; the simile being the more complete seeing that both " Old Jack " and Daimio put up records. Romsdai. ran a great horse; so did Highborn )I. and Oampaspe. The New South Wales style of going (rifeht-handed) evidently affected Highborn prejudicially; as I noticed him continually running down his panels with the evident intention of bearing to the right. Oampaspe experienced a severe knock at. the third fencn from home, whilst Knebsworth was unfortunate enough to come down at tbe very last jump. The Actress was early out of the hunt, being nearly half a furlong behind ere a mile had been traversed, and eventually pulling up. The fence where Baltoro stumbled upset the prospects of Floater, Reckless and Joi, whilst at the third of the treble opposite the lawn Cerberus and Dart turned turtle; Medicine bottling-up ^oing round to the back. Daimio's Smin. lOsec beats the previous best on record (Dondi's 8.33) by ITsec. Fob many months past it has been maintained as a strict tenet of racing faith by the disciples of the Hon. G. Davis' Cambria stable that Our Jack (a four-year-old colt by Sheet Anchor from Dalliance) was a " Dead Cop " whenever his party staked on him. And when " it looked that way " for the Oma Handicap, of five furlongs, the disciples aforesaid cast their bread upon the waters in full and certain hope of it returning again augmented ere many minutes. And so it did, but musiy and rotten, Our Jack being evidently " .Tack " of the transaction. The winner turned up in Mr. J. O'Brien's five-year-old gelding Mainstay (by Mainsail from Maggie Lauder), who carried Kst. 3lb. and won easily from pony Pickles (7.12) by half-a-length; Maluma (G.lb) being third; the time being lmin. 41sec. Our Jack carried S T in the person of J. Stevenson. And don't you forget it ! '1 he devil's number (13) faced the barrier for the Moondah Handicap, of a mile and three furlongs, and nothing daunted by their previous experience the Disciples determined that as it wouldn't run cornbeef and cabbage on the Sunday they would content themselves b.y having a mouthful or two of Damper (7.0). This suited the Tullamore (7.10) coterie down to the ground, as they were enabled to back the Robinson Crusoe—Kathleen gelding down to !» to 2. To make success further assured, Damper's stable companion, Buhallow, was despatched to the front to ensure a pace; a mission which the Sheet Anchor—Duanita colt performed all too faithfully, as he set such a gait for a mile and-a-furlong that nothing could live alongside him, it being only below the distance that Tullamore could get on anything approaching terms with him, a desperate struggle home eventuating in a head victory for Tullamore, with Damp;r three lengths astern, followed by Lena and King Orry; the time being remarkably " slick " — namely, 2min. 20sec. Tullamore has only 7.8 on his back in the Caulfield Cup. Starting off with an altogether Erroneous Impression that the maximum penalty to be incurred for the Melbourne Cup is Fourteen Pounds (instead of Ten) Tuesday's Age. makes that its foundation upon which to erect a rather verbose superstructure decrying the system of Fixed Penalties, in favour of allowing incompetent handicappers to Tinker and Botch their appor- tionments up to within, say, a couple of houis of the race. According to that system Only a Few Privileged Individuals out of tbe tens of thousands present would know for certain what the animal had to carry in hie second venture on tbe same day. The " He-handicapping" Business ., bad a terrible bole blown through it when Tim Swiveller won the Cauifield Cup, and the Y.R.C. handicapper immediately rushed to the conclusion that His Handicapfor the Melbourne Cup would be Completely Spoiled unless he rehandicapped the gallant Tim Fourteen Pounds Heavier than his original apportionment. When Tim was disqualified for the Cauifield Cup the 141b. had to come off again, and yet the ex-hurdle-raeer couldn't finish within " Coo-ee" of the winner, ltehandicapping ! Phaugh ! Let owners, trainers and the public know exactly what each horse has to carry. We don't want any Star Chamber business about the transaction ! The executive of Sandown Park have submitted another programme on approval for a race meeting to be held at their conveniently situated trysting-ground on Tuesday, 27th August, full particulars in regard to which will be found on the opposite page. It's risky work attempting to pick them for the Victorian Club Races at Cauifield next Saturday, but here goes for a try, anyhow :— Two Year Old Handicap.—Rill, Raak, The Bright Eyes. Hurdle Race.—Rosestem, Corncrake, Trio. Victorian Club Handicai'.—Marshal Ney, Damper, St. David. Stekpleouase.—Mon Ami, Romsdal, Campaspe. Fj.tino Hand)cap.— Bain Marie, Fortunio, Tinstreain. Messrs. Humphrey Oxenhara and "TbeCount" still have to chronicle tbe X10O0 to 1 double on the " two Cups " going swimmingly, amongst multitudinous other transactions thereanent, the following standing out prominently :— 5000 to !> Alpine and The Harvester ">000 to 5 Alpine and Dreamland 5000 to 5 Alpine and Preston 5000 to 5 Devon and Atlas 5000 to 5 Devon and Preston 5000 to 5 Devon and Kirkby 5000 to r, Duhallow and The Harvester 5000 to 5 Duhallow and Daiupei 5000 to 5 Duhallow and King Orry •WOO to 4 Devon and Portsea. 