The Broken Net. By Bev. DE. TAiiti.aE. X believe in revivals. The great, work of saving1 men began with1 three thousand people joining the church in one day, and it wfll close •with forty or a hundred million people saved in twenty-four hours, when "a nation shall he !born in a day." But there are objections to •revivals. People are opposed to them because \- the net might get broken; and if by the pres sure of souls it does not get broken, they take •penknives, and slit the net. " They inclosed a 'great multitude of fishes, and the net brake." 1\. Some people make an objection to re jvivals of religion, that those who come into the church at such., times do not hold •out; as. long as there is & gale of .blessing, they have their sails up: but as soon as strong winds stop blowing, then they drop into a dead calm. But what are the facts "in. the case? 2h all oar churches the vast 'majority of the useful people are those who are ^brought in under great awakenings, and they bold out. • I have noticed that those who are brought into the kingdom of God through revivals, have more persistence and more determination in the Christian life than those who come in under a : low state of .religion. People born in an ice "house may live, but they will never get over \ the cold they caught in the ice-house. A can- ; non ball depen Is upon the impulse wi tli which • .itstarts, for how far.it shall go, and how swiftly; and the greater the revival force with ' which a 'soid is started, the more far-reaching and far-resounding will he the execution. 2\. But it is sometimes objected to revivals that there is so much excitement that people mistake hysteria for religion. We must admit that in every revival of religion there is either a suppressed or a demonstrated excitement. .Indeed, if a man'can go out of a state of con demnation into a state of acceptance with God, or see others go, without any agitation of son], 'he is in an unhealthy, morbid state, and is as repulsive and absurd as a man who should boast he saw a child snatched out from under a • horse's hoofs, and felt no agitation, or saw a man rescued from the fourth story of ahouse on fire, and felt no acceleration of the poises. - Salvation from .-in and death and hell into -life and peace and heaven forever, is such a tremendous thing, that if a man tells mo he can look on it without any agitation, I doubt his Christianity.. The fact is, that sometimes excitement is the most important possible thing. •In case of. resuscitation from drowning or freezing, the one idea is to excite animation. " Before conversion we are dead.; It is the busi ness of' the church to revive, arouse, awaken, resuscitate, startle into life. Excitement is • had or good according to what it makes us do. If it make us do that which is had, it is bod excitement ; but if it make us agitated about ' our eternal welfare, if it make us pray, if it make us attend upon Christian service, if it make us cry unto God for mercy,, (hen it is a good excitement. It is sometimes said that during revivals of re ligion, great multitudes of children and jonng people are brought into the church, and they do not know whatthey are about. It has been my observation that the earlier people come into the kingdom of God the more/useful they are. Robot Hall, the prince of Baptist preachers, was converted at 12 years of age. It is supposed he knew what he was about. Matthew Henry, the commentator, who did more than any man of his century for increas ing the inter est in the study of the Scriptures, . was "converted at 11 years of age; Isabella Graham, immortal-in the Christian Church, was converted at 10 years of age; Dr. "Watts, whose hymns will be sung all down the . ages, was converted at 9' y^ara of age; Jonathan Edwards, perhaps the mightiest intellect that the American* pulpit ever pro duced, .was converted at 7 years of age. After that father and mother take an awful 'responsibility when they tell their child at \- 7 years of. age, "You are too young to be a Christian," or, "You are too young to con nect yourself with the church." If during a revival two persons present , themselves 4s candidates for the church, and the one is 10 years of age and the other is 40 years of age, I will have more confidence in • 9he profession of religion of the one 10 years -of age than the one 40 years of age. ! Why? *Ehe one who professes at- forty years of age has •forty years of impulse in the wrong direction to correct; the child has only ten years in the .Wrong direction to correct. Four times tenure forty. Four times the religious prospect for the -.lad that comes into the kingdom of God and frito the church at tea years" of age, than the Qian at forty. I am very apt to look upon revivals as con nected with certain men who fostered them. Feople who in this day do not like revivals, 'nevertheless have not words to express their admiration for the revivalists, of the past—for . they were revivalists—Jonathan Edwards, John Wesley, George Whitefield, Fletcher, Griffin, Davies, Osborne, Knapp, Nettleton, and many others whose names come to my mind. The strength of their intellects and the holiness of. their lives make me think they would hot have • anything to do with that which was ephemeral. Oh! it is easy to talk against revivals. Oh! I am afraid to say anything against revivals of religion, or against anything that ?looks like them, because I think it may be a on against the Holy Ghost; and you know the ~ Bible says- that - a -sin against the Holy Ghost snail never be forgives, neither . in tins worid nor the world to come. When I am speaking of excitement in re vivals, of course I do not mean temporary derangement of the nerves—I do not mean the absurd things of which we have read as trans piring sometimes in the Church of Christ; but I mean an intelligent, intense, all-absorb ing agitation of body, mind, and soul - in the work of spiritual escape and spiritual rescue. 3\. Now I coma to the real, genuine cause of objection to revivals. That is, the spiritual coldness of the objector. It is the secret and hidden, but unmistakable,- cause in every case ! —a low state of religion in the' heart. .. Wide awake, consecrated, useful Christians are never afraid of revivals. It is the spiritually dead who are afraid of having their sepulchre molested. The chief agents of the. devil, during a great awakening, are * always unconverted professors' of retarion. - As soon as Christ's work begins, they begin to. gossip against it, and tako a pail of water, and try to put out this spark of religious influence, and they try to pnt ont another.spark. Do they succeed ? As well, when Chicago was on fire, might someone have gone out with a garden waterpot frying to extinguish it. . a . Tbo difficulty is, that when a revival-begins^ in a church, it begins at so many points, that while you have doused one anxious soul with a pafi of cold water, there are *500 other anxious souls on fire. Oh! how much better it would be to lay hold of the chariot of Christ's Gospel, and help pull it on, rather than to fling our selves in front of the wheels, frying to block their progress. 4\. But I think, after all, the greatest obstacle to revivals throughout Christendom to-day is an unconverted minis lay- We must believe that the vast majority of those who officiate as ministers are regenerated; but I suppose there may float into the ministry .of all the denomi nations of . Christendom, some men whose hearts have sever been changed by the. grace I of God. Of course they are aU' antagonistic to revivals. * . _ How did they get "into the ministry? I Perhaps some of them chose it as a re I spec tabic profession."*. Perhapsr some* chose I it as a means, of livelihood. Perhaps some i of them were sincere, but were mistaken. I As Thomas Chalmers, said he had been ! many years preaching the Gospel before his | heart had been changed, and as many ministers ; of the Gospel declare they were preaching, and had been ordained to sacred orders years and years before their hearts had been regenerated. Gracious God, what a solemn thought for those of us who minister to the people! With the present ministry in the present temperature of piety the world will sever be enveloped with i revivals. While the pews on one side, cry for | mercy, the pulpits on the other ride must cry for mercy. Ministers quarrelling. Ministers frying to pull each other down. Ministers struggling for ecclesiastical place. Ministers lethargic, with whole congregations dying on their hands. What a spectacle! Aroused pulpits will make aroused pews. ; Pulpits aflame will make pews aflame.- Every body believes in a revival of trade, everybody likes a revival in literature, everybody likes a revival in art; and yet a great multitude can not understand a revival in matters of religion. Depend upon it, where you find a man antagonistic to revivals, whether he be in pulpit or pew, he needs to be regenerated" by the grace of God. | I could prove to. a demonstration that ; without revivals this world will never-be I converted,, and that in • a hundred or two hundred years without revivals, Christianity will be practically extinct. It is a matter of astounding arithmetic.. In each of oar modern generations there are at least 32,000,000 children. Now add 32,000,000 to the world's population, and then have only .100,000 or 200,000 converted every year, - and how long before the world will be saved? Never— absolutelynever! Wc talk a good deal about the good times that are coming, and about the world's redemp tion. How long before they will come ? There is a man who says 500 years. Here is a man who says 200 years. Here is someone more confident, who says in 50 years.'What, 50 years? Do you'propose to let two generations pass off the stage before the worldas converted ? Suppose by some extra prolongation of human life, at the next fifty years you should walk around the world, yon would not in all that walk find one person that you recognise.' Why? All" dead, "or so changed that you would not know them. In other words, if yon postpone the redemption of this world for fifty years, yon admit that the majority of the two whole generations shall go off the stage un blessed and unsaved. - I tell yon the church of Jesus Christ cannot consent to it. Wo must pray and toil and have the revival spirit, and we must straggle to. have the whole world saved before themes and womennowin middle life pass off. 