WIT AND HUMOURB Faith-" D m't you love the early pets3?" Morton (managing editor of a masgsn'e) "Yes, Ido; they're all dead." , . Poet--"Has the editor road the pl?c I left here yesterday ?' Office boy-" I guess so, air ; he's sick abed to-day," Wife -" There comes that .tramp I gave some of my' bscuits to the other day." Husband-" Impossible! This must be his ghost." He-"I am ambitious to go before the footlights." She-" Then, you had better run along before papa comes downataire. Clara-" He has proposed three or four times and I don't know whether to accept h!m or not." Maude-"I woull. Suppose he should stop." Judge-" Were you ever up before this court?' Everett Wret- " Can't say, judge. What time do your honour git up ?" Mrs MeBride-"John, dear, why are some grocers called green grocers!"' Mr McBride-" To distinguish themnfrom cash grocers, dear." "Oh, I am awfully worried., Iwalk in my sleep." "I only wish I ?oulddo it.1: If I could I'd still-have my-job on the-police Tough-'I wants dczen egg;, an' Iwants 'em bad ace !" Grocer-" Go to thatgrocer across the street. Everything he keeps is bad." "Can't you trust me ?" pleaded he; "No I" decisively she said it. She could trust no one; you see, Firm she clerked for didn't credit. Mother-" That notepaper is certainly quaint, .but are you sure it is fashionable ?" Daughter-" Oh, it must he. It's almost impossible to write on it." Pertly-" There is one thing I have to say in favor of the wind when it whistles. Dull head-" What's that ?" Pertly-" It never whistles popular airs." Customer-" What in the world is that unearthly howling overhead '' Cierk (smiling)-"Theor is a painless dentistry establishment upstairs, sir." The judge-" I hope I shall not see you hero again." Prhionr (who is arrested we "-Not see me? Why, yer ain't goin' to resign yr-position, are yer ?" The husband (bitterly)--"I wish I had known as much before I was married as I do now." The wife-"So do I. You m~iht really have amounted to something by this time." Mrs Logwed--" Have you any idea what is meant by the fires of love, dear 1 ' L ng wed-" Err-those the husband builds the first three months after marriage, I sup pose." Mrs Sargent (knowingly)-' It is said that the Lord never made two women a'iko." Sergent (tartly)-" Of course he didn't, or you would never hear of a man getting mar ried twice." Preacher-" Every man must some day ssttle his account with his Maker." Tailor -" I wish you could impress Mr Palmer with that idea. lie hasn't settled with me in'about two years." Teacher-" Can any of you tell me why flannel is comfortable in winter?" Bright boy (in new underwear)-"It makes yeb bitch about and wriggle around, and the exercise keeps yeh warm." "I'm a little worried about my wife, and would like to have you run up and see her.' Doctor-" What are her symptoms ?' '" She L allowed me to leave the house without ask' ing for money." Little Ethel-" Why is It womens i* s always complainin' about the hired girl 7" LittloDot-"Oh. that's just so folks will I knew they ian afford to keep oned, 