SHORT STORY. A Strange Adventure. ei k" Mother, what shall we do?" "As true as iheCven's sky is above te, Iihnda, I don't know I" Mrse. Gordon tnembled and olung to her Stepldaughlter with eonvulstve enagrena . Ithoda etrnd quite still, and lifted her fI?o towards the tlliotien of starn thll, tiangnld the firmlament above, it woe a etill, feoty. October night, with a Irovio lfragrance of dead leaven in the air, and the gibbnne moon hung low on the edges ofel th horizon, ahedding a lspctral light on the bleak land. Mr. .Gordon Iot] romne home laten from the market that night,. jitnglire the mnevy in hit ponkets. Ilto ad wallked into the Ilttle wingetd room, whoe a log or two hoerned on the htearth, and a dip candle only made 'darknest vi ibth. Mrs. ood roet by thl table darning etockings, and t aitda, rittitg y on a low. woodel htIot at herIc , t was rPad ing aloud to her from it drift of tmanutrript pages that lay in her lap. " At it again l' "ahl Goardon with an in tensity of quiet nealite, that lounded il hiln voice as plainly as it gli:ted, rlnom hin eyee. " low many times, 'd lilke to know, have I forbidden thin sort of thing 1 Alh I I tinder. stand. Yont didn't expect mn ro Ue entlil midnight. You wns goin' to have it all your own way. Of all ereated thirngs, I do Iatn and doepiae hypocriter. What have you got to any for yourself, eh ?" .Mrs.(licrdln ue- ttrad nothi?g; the needla dropped from her hand as if it had been paralysed; at e grew deadly pale ; but R]hoda valiantly epoke up. "We are doilng no harln , lather 1" elm said. "No harm I" shrilly repeated tho mirer. "But I say you are doing larm. You're wasting my candles, and disobeying my orders, nod fooling away say tiul, for your time is mine, ain't it ? And it nin't the first time you've done it, nor yet thoe second I And I ain' going to stand it, notanother minute Clear outI Get out of my house, you two women I l've warned you often enough belore I Now I mean to teach you what it meana to disobey my com. mands." "Father l" aried IRhnda, "you wouldn't turn us out of doors at this titte of night?" " Wouldn't I, though l" grimly retorted the knotty- featurcd old an. " You'ttll ee whether I would or not. Go I Stepl" As lhe spoke lie heold the door wide open. A dealt of air rushed through the room and blew out the froble light of the candle. And so, in the sullen, . windy dark, the two women eantle out, to return no more. Ithoda Gordon had been mieerablo until her step.mother catoe to the heomoetrad. She hal longed for kindnles, sht htad hungered for sympathy, she had craved veon the merest look or word ot noticn ill that solitary house, where money.lmakingl was the Moloch which swallowed tip till elde. Mrs. Gordon and her step.daughter had loved each other fondly and tenderly. It was to her step. mother that lRhodal ventured to read tile eflu sione of her artive and imlaginative brain, and Mrs. Gordon listoneed with eager ad. miration and loving sympathy, to the utter rage and oontemptfl the antrmer. "Women are made to work," said lie, "not to write. I'll put a stop to this sort of nonsense, or 'll know the reason why." And thin was tio beginning and end of the domestio diflerenoe whiuo had culminated in snloh a sorrowful tragedy. Mr. Gordon eame ti)olt into thes Iitalion, mixed his glass of toddy, and went to bed. " It'll be a good lessolt to 'eta," hla gaid, And lIre. Gordon and lthda gazed into eaeil etlmr'a mal,, frightened aet n. "Motller, don't look so deadly white," said RIhoda, courageounly. " \le'll go down to thee old hlanketrnith' shop, and kindle a lire there. That, at least, is my own I" (The old blackoanithe'a s oep dewn the road, with Ilit thistleigrown iteal ofl land in its rear, head been willel to ltbodea'e own mateor, anld thellnc lad deoeunded to her; a sorry inheritance, with its roof eaten by nosees and lonay, its foundattion ettlillng with every winltr. No one ehad occupied it for years, for Ithoda's means were inullli. cient to altn the Iectn.eery repairs, nd Mr.. Gordon had not hteon elew to declare tllhat " not a sltellingl of his should ever be tequan deredl in patching up that old rat- hlee I") "Leot it tumble down," said iee; "and then sell the land at uottion, for what it'll fetch. That'e the only thing to do with the proplerty." IDreiteny as the spot was, however, it at least tellrded a ll hller frnet the chill and damp of the night; tned Ite.od wa ns hbartily glad when she hatnd k:imilll it bluze of dry sticks on theli large, unued hearth, no that Mirs. Gordon could warm her unerbleold hanldes. "Look, mother I" sheli cried, findly crush. ing the frozen dew front Mrs. Gordon's heir; the old place in lInite comfortable, now that we have managed to get the dooer Phut. ln't it lfunny, the idea o n little eheltnut tree growing rilght eroas them three. hold? It ecomed almost wicked to break the branolhe away, as I wan forced to do I And by and by I'll lspread my shawl over the dead leaves in the earner, and--Ol, wheate' that ?" It was very stran?o they had not seeon it hefo)re, yet it certainly tmust have been there all the timet, the igture of a little, old maen, nil in butternut brown, eitting by the fire. lie was dressed in a quaint, old-faehinoled utyle, with kne.lhrereaher, and a quetue down hli back, and wan holdlng his hands over the hlaet o with a nort of ravenous eangrneR e for the warmtl. Itoe was no little, and so pale, and hi teeth chattered nso in his shrivelled heaed, that tRiod'tls momentary in. dignation died away at once. " I hope I don't intrude," said the little old man, with the dopteeating laleetto of ego. " But it's cold, very coid, and I haven't nean a fire here bufor in a quarter ofl a eon. tury." Ithoda looked hard at him. "Do you live near here, sir?" eho asked. Trit little old man nodded. " Very sear," said lee. " I ned to knew your Grandlather Grupp. A hard.working man hle was, anud the bet hand at a horse. shoe in theo ountry round. Ah, yes I I knew him I" Mrs. (ordon pulled Sh.oda's sleeve aur. reptilioaely. " 1 thlin thle poor, old oreatnre Is a little oraey," said she. "But let linl stay, let Intnl stay arld warm himself. tIe nan do no lharm to any one, poor, halftfamsleod oult I"' And still the Man l It rowne talked steadily oa?, his hands spread out over lthe ire. "Did hte ever tell you aboutthoe briekl" said tei, " the eriok tllat was buried utnder thit very henrthtsonne Not a alay brink, ney avr, hbut brick ol eoll I Not a great, big thnl euhael as they lpult in thie anglo c a ehoue, ither, but a little, grentceel pertt of a brink, tlhat it would mate a einer'a heart leap witlhin hli to hantdlo. It wasne yor Orand. Ifather (iruppl's whin. lie was a pecnulinr old man, a very peculiar old man. Ehll did hd ever tell ye abeout thle brick?" "I tnveor aw ll him, air," said Itlhodat, theldly. " Ah, trIe, very tro," said the little old man. "Yiiou lnan't anlways keep trake of tIte. And it wae a deald erut ahboult the brik bhStwee llli anold n,. lIe hatd lmande a grent deal mlrue elnlt'y than follks hlad lly ideaon cl, anld thlit was hi, way ol teLhing tare oii, lo enulre, I many depoend upol you anet to nlentltla is?'" S eI tdon't uuderlntoed you, oir," eald Itholas, hier veius ollIled wit it u ertin et oe, ltd, in thle sante llmlletOnlthe ithlenl t Ilrown looked -ta tarnhietd little silver wattch which hulng at hit eido. "e, It's lato," anld he, ' later cnan I hand anl idea oe. Good tceltlt la rline, I lope henren't tntreudel I ( ioo eveningt1e SIt was laInte the next nuornina when IIr ls. Gordon ald ed Itca leoankd lt Mr, (ltiddhlllg' door liud ihlthe?n hilo The old matt, thl iearectr neigUoor LO uu c aoectca rorge, turned panc. "It' IBen IlBverstraw I" said he. " Old loin I oversotraw, who has itren dead and bilied in the little churchyard back of the forioei thleir, ory yeFarl I I naid to play rcrdil with you (Orandfather (tropp, Mi s Iildy, ainly a night, after tih forge was but niu al(] folks upporsed e\,r ubody was abed A'r atlnoRep My faintr i aiw dcI?rihb d hi tu t io l niotny ia tini0 , n i drt little i 1rmnc , in wiron' toehe"n, witho black rilk sioikinpg iaold kneo hrl tcheI, it I1iueun hanrgirg down hire aImk, and ia lerid of orilcn at hi, fCon. lFolkon ,id he wao in leaigue with thle Evil One. 110 wanl't a igood tnesweinlt, for yourl (orndfather (iGrOpl, Anyhllow. Yen, yoH I 1 1:' been dead lull belty yeeoe, aotd ni)he lo er." A' Itt that il neonrenrl?" cried l inoda. ' It wan no 0ghol t thli t d e Haw. It wao 0 liltl, olldtifa ihonelled traveller, wlho wa cold Ldul I rid, artd came in for a littlr ret,." " Did yor see him coleo in?" demanded 'N )." audwcred Ilhoda. " Did you sehe hil go out ?" And again li'cda lan her oncther wore corntlelled to answer int thoc negative, lie neii gone. That was all they knew sbout it. " Ah l" said nolghbor Gidding, " I thougoht ro. iS'Ipoo we just oall my Hun Abrlam and the hired man, with a crow-bar or o, and Iiry up that thero old heaortohtone? I P'rhiapnr t won't do no good. Certainly, it won't do l0o harnl I'" They pried up the nunken, old stone, ano th(re, ndero thir cornirr,ews ia ternishedi bioick of rold-olf olid gold, welded totethler an only a lhilled workman in motalh could have weelid it I All thio happened nyear nen. A handromn, modero residence now tanira wllero oone tio forge lighti gleamed -ullcoly ouIt eupon the nighte, and lthoda ciordonu--married to Alvan Gidding--livo there with her step. mother.. Fari er Gordon would fain have patched up a piece whei n his daughlor blo eao so un. ,xpeoctdly an heiress, but Itoda abso. lutely de?lined a treaty of any sort, whatso ever. " Meother and I suit each other," she said. " WVu never have ouited you. Things are better an they are." But to this day, the wiseancre of the neighborhood can never agree about the Little Man in Brown. The idealists set the whole thing down as a well-authonioeated ghost story. The proetical members of soci. y call it a dream, a fnoy, a mere fig ment of tihe imagination, oddly pieced on to a forgotten story. Ilhoda and her mother, them.elv.e, do not know what to think. And touriete octen leave the train at Grupp'e Forgoe atlion, anid come nlrueI thI fields to look at tile uOnken tomlrnlono which marks the last resting-plaeo of 0opituitn Blnja?nin lHaverstraw, who died June 8, 18, a30, nd it friend, Olcber Grupp, buried bloeo at hia side. "Ite very strango," they say. " Very strangoe, indeed I ltally, there is no acounl ing for such things." Tole wise prove, and the foolishl confess by lther conduct that a life of employment in the only lifo worth leading.--Paley. lier up hope in had times. W\e have the aslne snl aond sky and stare; the same God and heaven and truth ; the same duties anld the tsame helpers. lope thou In God. Dr. Goodell. " Txo chief secret of comfort liea in nor aoflering trilles to vex us, and in prudently cultivating our undergrowth of small ploa. surea, incoo very few great ones, alas I are ole on toug leases. 