GENERAL ITEMS. The captain of a large steamer was once fillmgrip -his crew ,for a long voyage when a seaman came up and said, " I want to sail, with you sir." " All right mny man,"''replied the captain. "Where have you sailed before T'. "P. and O., sir. Australia." " What countryman 4" An Oirish man," was the ready response. "Well you must get a character." The discharge was obtained, and as the Irishman was presenting it, another seaman came up, and said he wanted to join. " What line were you on before I" asked the captain. "Cunard, sir." " Whatcountryman ?" "English, your honour." " All right. Go for ward." Shortly after, as the two were swilling the decks in a heavy sea, the Englishman was swept overboard, bucket and all. Unmoved, Paddy finished his job, and then went to the captain's cabin. " Come in," responded the officer to his rap. " What's up now " "Do you remember Bill Smith the Englishman and Cunarderl" queried Pat. " Certainly, my man." "You took him without a character 1' "I believe so; what of that 1" "He's gone overboard with your bucket." Referring to exercise, this is what a writer says on the subiect :-If we put forth our strength of body or our powers of mind inordinately, without taking needed periods of rest, they will break down ; but, on the other hand, if we do not exert them at all, we lose them quite as surely. An unused muscle in time becomes inert, and the sameis true of all our faculties. Beyond a certain point, to save them means to lose them up to a certain point, to spend them means to increase them. Fifty years ago, Mr Robert Giffen tells us the working masses of the United Kingdom, amounting to 9,000,000, earned in all about £171,000,000, or £19 per head. The working masses now, amounting to over 13,000,000, earn about £550,000,000, or nearly £42 per head, an increase of much more than 100 per cent. When the increase of earnings from labor and capital is compared, it is found that the increase from capital is from £190,000,000; to £400,000,000, only, or about 100 per cent; the increase from the " working" of the upper and middle classes is from £154,000,000, to £320.000,000, or about 100 per cent, and the increase of the income of the manual labor classesis from£171000000 to £550,000,000, or over 200 per cent. In amount the increase due to capital is about £210,000,000, to labor of the upper and middle classes?£166,000,000, and to labor of the'ranual-labor classes £379,000,000-a total increase- of £755,000,00. A writer says : 'Spend wisely. Look most to your spending. No matter what comes in, if more goes out, you will always be poor.- The art is not in making money, but in keep ing it. Little expenses, like mice in a barn, when they are many, make great waste. Hair by hair heads get bald, straw by straw the thatch goes off the cottage, and drop by drop the rain comes into the chamber. A barrel is soon empty if the tap leaks but a arop to the minute. In clothes choose suit able and lasting stuff, and not tawdry fineries. To be warm is the main thing; never mind the look. A fool may make money, but it needs a wise man to spend it. Remember, it is easier to build two chimneys than to keep one going. If you give all to. the back and board, there is nothing left for the savings bank. Fare hard and work hard while you are young, and you have a chance to rest. when you are old." "Presentiments love weak places, hence they flourish among weak-minded people-not necessarily weak-minded persons by nature, but made so by a diseased body. An almost infallible cure for presentiments, however violent, is plain food and plenty of open-air exercise. Who ever heard of a healthy outdoor day-laborer having a ' presenti ment' in the pursit of his occupation ? The fact is a veritable fact, a tangible reality. ' Root, pig, or die !' is his ever living ghost. Presentiments do not exist except in connection with one of the following things-a weak mind, a diseased body, and idle condition of life. 'Loafing' and gluttony are the great originators of this unfortunate condition of mind, and its almost certain removal follows temperate eat ing, combined with physical activity." The ' take-it-out" systemso prevalent amongst some tradesmen and their em ployds was quaintly illustrated to me recently by a carrier. In rendering his account, amounting to a few pounds, to a " knight of the cleaver," he was politely told that he would have to " take it out." The carrier, after duly considering, replied ,-" Well, I don't know how I am going to' take-it-out,' unless I feed the 'osses on meat, as tlhe old woman and I only eat about three shillings' worth during the week." During the war of the Revolution, while the American and British armies were contending in Pennsylvania, General VWashington was in the neigh bourhoodof Marietta, Lancaster county. General Lee, with two or three aides de-camp, rode in advance, and stopping at a wayside inn informed the landlord that General Washington and his staff officers would quarter at his house for the night. " Here, you," said the genius who presided in the kitchen to General Lee, ignorant of his rank in the army, "just go out to that woodpile and split an armful for me. I must1 hurry up this fire, or I cannot get a good supper for General Washington." The officer, enjoying thejoke, obediently I tookup the axe, and soon the chips were I flying in all directions. He was busily working away when nWashington and 1 his staff rode up to the tavern. " Why, General Lee," said the commander-in chief, "whatintheworldareyou doingl" "Oh," replied Lee,. lifting, his hat, " I am helping the maids in the kitchen. General Washington and his officers are coming here to supper to-night." Both Generals burst into a hearty laugh, in which their companions joined; and even the landlady, who had set the General at work, enjoyed the joke after she had recovered somewhat from her mortification. 