OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, April 26, 1895. The Agents-General, Sir George Grey, and a very large and influential gathering of city magnates met under the aegis of the London Chamber of Commerce in Cannon-street Hotel yesterday afternoon to hear the New Zealand Treasurer, the Hon. J. G. Ward, deliver an address on the commerce and finances of that colony. In the course of his speech Mr. Ward took occasion to remark on the depression in the Australian, and to express a firm belief that it was but temporary. The rumor that Sir William Cleaver Robin- son will succeed Sir Malcolm Fraser as Agent- General for West Australia seems almost too good to be true. Sir Malcolm is a capital fellow and a " genuine rough diamond." But "rough diamonds" have become almost too numerous amongst our antipodean repre- sentatives latterly. The polished article would be a refreshing change. South Australia's determination to look after the inscription of her own stock has reacted on New Zealand in a very curious way, enabling the Hon. J. G. Ward to effect a great financial stroke, which but for Mr. Playford's hint he might never have achieved. We know now (at least I do, for the news is as yet a profound secret on this side) that the New Zealand Treasurer's mission to the old country was a loan of the conventional million and a half, and that he came himself to negotiate it in the hope of securing specially favorable terms. The difficulty, no doubt, in the way was to find an inducement suf- ficiently powerful to persuade the Bank of England and its financial allies to throw the great weight of then backing and prestige into the scale and to lend active assistance. South Australia's departure supplied the requisite suggestion. Even the Old Lady of Thread needle-street could not afford to see the mag- nificent sum per annum paid by New Zealand for the inscription of stock vanish into thin air without wincing. At any rate we may, I think, fairly infer that when Mr. Ward notified the intention of his colony to follow Mr. Playford's lead and have the work done cheaper elsewhere, the governors remonstrated. "Wll," the Treasurer would say, "What good have you ever done us. We pay through the nose for your supposed counsel and countenance; what have we gained by it? Had you at any time helped us genuinely in our financial operations the position would be different." To this one supposes the bank replied, "Well if we haven't helped you in the past we will in the future. What do you want!" Lengthy negotiations followed, and finally the bank and its friends guaranteed the success of a 3 per cent, loan, the minimum being fixed on terms (I do not know the exact figure yet) extraordinarily favorable to the colony. Of course this is a great financial stroke on the part of the New Zealand Treasurer, none of the Australasian colonies having ever before achieved a 3 per cent, loan, and providing the bank are as good as their word and make the issue a success it will mark a new era in loans and conversions. "If New Zealand can fix-up a 3 percent loan, why shouldn't we r the South Australian Government may presently enquire. "Well, I suppose you could, would be my reply, "bat there w?uldbe a risk {unless you hadsdme'big bank behind you to get itxmaer written)o£ ft fiasco." Mr. Playford'e retraction otiascnptidn business, which had by virtue of custom become a banking perquisite, has naturally excited hostility, and if only to prevent other colonies following South Aus tralia's p?nj3? the banks would like to give your colony a SnancuU slap in tbe face. "We may be able to show Mr. Playford presently >vb are not such ciphers as he reckons/" o -leading broker remarked to me rather viciously) tad no doubt the next issue of a South Australian loan win be made a trial of Btrniujlh between the Agent-General and the bankers and brokers. On the other hand in estimating New Zea land's coup one must not overlook the heavy price they are payingfor it The Bank of England have reduced their changes for the inscription of stock £100 per million, which means ? saving of £5,000 a. year. Bat if the plan of transferring the work to the Bank of New Zealand had been carried out the colony would lhave saved not £5,000 bat £15,000 a year. Need I point out thia takes some of the cilt off the 3 per cent gingerbread. Mr. AlmrMWftir WyHie, B.Sa, -winner of the Angus Engineering Scholarship at the Univer sity of Adelaide in 1832, tenable for three yean at £200 per annum, after a successful couree at tire Central Technical College, South JSensington, csd pupilage to the JSlectnc Con* stroction Company, London, Jias just' gained the post of chief engineer to \he Corporation of Wal?all,-Strife. He haa to erect there an installation of- lelectric: light and remain in charge. I may.add that Mr. Wyllie is & man of exceptional ability, aitl hie career is really a great credit to himself and to the M"'"^? University. He bad hoped to have returned to the colony as contemplated by the donor of the scholarship, bat he found, when jnst ready, that the Adelaide Corporation was not pre pared to adopt the electric light. The ommefl of the Adelaide University seems to be in a fair way to/nuke a pretty hash over the appointment of a classical master to that institution. Why after retaining Pro fessors Lamb and Wilkras to act in conjunc tion with the Agent-General to select a likely trio oat of die English applicants for the £600 post they should deem it expedient to have before diem all the applications is beyond one's comprehension. The three recommended were Messrs. Edward Bendy, Middleton, andSomers—aU'Cambridge M-A-'s, and each well worthy to be classical master of Adelaide University. Of the three, however, it was expected that Mr. Bendy would find favor. -'with - the council, for he ' not only combined intellectual capacity -with a splendid physique and a of a particularly high ffoaritjrfa<r. and the warm admiration of Mr. David Murray. Mr. Bensly's friends; I may remark, are somewhat self for £600&.yeaf, and think that a man of his attainnieuWobuld do much better at home. At present he' is studying in Italy, and will remain there pending the councus decision. So far as the English applicants are oonoerned I do not Gee how the council can go beyond the three men indicated, for I understand that when the Agent-General received the request to forward "the rejected applications lie 'had 31xgm3v "unfit fettdc to tho unlucky ones their testimonials, tc., and had only retained justthe forms of application. The council can Bcaroely make a selection upon these alone. [Mr. Bendy was appointed.—Ed.l It win be a long time before Sir James S'ergnsaon oan shake his reputation free of .the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile fiasco. At Manchester last week, when addressing his constituents, he was asked "Whether fee stability and prosperity of the Empire de pended on the promotion of bobble com panies ?" To this the right hoa. gentleman replied that he never belonged to a babble company. As to the New Zealand Loan Company, he was glad to take that opportunity of saying that there was nothing be ever did as a director which, with his knowledge at the time, he did not believe he was right in doing. When he became a director of the New Zea land Loan Company and the Bank of New Zealand they were institutions of the highest standing, and were doing an immense amount of good. From Australia he went to India, and on his return he was asked to join those companies. Times had changed, owing to a fall in the value of property, and loans of 40 per cent., on the value of property had proved unprofitable. He was not going to desert the companies though be was a Minister of the Crown at that time. He continued to do his best for them, but he regretted to say 'he was a very heavy loser him??df by having had to pay thousands of pounds in calls. He only -wished he had been able to pay enough to compensate anyone who had lost under his management, but he had nothing whatever to be ashamed of. The small consignment of South Australian fruits per P. & O. steamer Rome proves pretty conclusively that grapes and pears will not stand a prolonged sea voyage, but that apples carefully picked, packed, and carried can be landed here fresh and blooming. The Rome fruit consisted of but six cases of grapes, five boxes of pears, and 24 of apples. Of these the grapes and pears and 18 cases of the apples were consigned to Mr. Burney Yonng for sale, the remaining sir cases of apples being sent per your commissioner to friends of the exporter. The pears and apples were at once put into the hands of Messrs. N. White and Co., of Covent Garden, for disposal by auction. The apples were put up on Wed nesday afternoon, but the pears, alas! were " entirely unfit for publication." There was not a sound bite to be got out of !the five cases. For electioneering purposes they would have been most effective, but for any other purpose they were quite useless. In fact the men who opened the cases for your Agent- General's and Mr. Young's inspection Candled them gingerly as boxes of dynamite. The pears, I understand, were originally fine specimens of the Beurreclairgean variety. Whether this species is specially tender or no I have no means of judging, but I may remark that Sir Edwin Sinitn managed to bring some pears from Adelaide on the occasion of his last visit home which were not only sound and eatable on arrival, but in every way grateful to my palate. If I remember aright Sir Edwin's ex- periment was made with a variety called the "Winter Cole," and the time of their arrival would be about June, I fancy. Regarding the apples—the 18 cases comprised four varieties, viz., Ribston Pippins, Cox's Orange, New York Pippins, and "Melons." The first named were well selected as to size and packed as they shonld be, but had not carried parti- culariy well. They sold at 8s. per case. The Cox's Orange were also remarkably even as to size, but turned out rather soft, as did the Melons. The Kew Yorks opened up in grand order, and realised the very satisfactory rate of 12s. 6d. per case. The prices made on Wednesday, I may remark, are hardly a, fair criterion owing to the smallness of the parcel. When the Austral's shipment is auctioned we shall be able to judge much better, both as to the carrying capabilities of different species and the buyers' estimation of their values. Probably the consignment will be divided for sale between Messrs. White and Messrs. Keeling and Hurst, of the Monument Market. The latter firm have charge of the Rome parcel of grapes. These will be sold some time to-day, but having inspected them. I anticipate very miserable prices. They have not carried at all well; in fact, the very reverse. The first case opened contained a black grape, packed in small boxes, eight to the case. At the best this grape, whatever its name, would not make a good price here, having neither size nor flavor to recommend it. The, grapes in the case in question, however, were in bad order, the surface fruit of the bunches being shrivelled for the most part ("wilted" some people would call them), whilst the under grapes were partly rotten. And the white Doradilla cases opened up in very little better order. This grape also has no pretensions to class, and in my bumble opinion has nothing to recommend it above the ordinary Almeiras, which we can buy at 6d. to 8d. a pound retail throughout the winter. These Almeiras, I may mention, will keep good for months in barrels filled with cork sawdust, such as was used for the Adelaide consignment, so it would seem that the varieties per the Rome failed to stay the distance from one or other, or from a combination of these causes:—(l) They were packed too ripe, (2) were packed too tight, (3) were carried at a wrong tempera- ture, (4) are not endowed with the necessary keeping qualities. From my own observa- tions I fancy reasons Nos. 2 and 4 had more to do with the failure of the consignment than anything. But in conclusion let me remark I do not believe that South Australia can suc- cessfully supply the home fruit market with soft fruits of any description. The apples privately sent were lying in the same ware house as the grapes, and were opened for Mr. Yonng's inspection in my presence. First came a Case of Dunn's Seedlings. nicely packed, and good level-sized fruit, all of which had borne the journey well. This is on Apple which should command a very good price, providing condi- tion on arrival is equal to the trial case and the flavor is on a par with the look of the fruit. The second case opened was marked "Cleo- patra," and though packed naked, i.e., minus paper, in ti-tree, the fruit-was in fine order. Evidence of careful picking and selection was disclosed by the regularity of size and freedom from blemish in the fruit in this case also. Next came a case of "Jonathons," a beautiful red-cheeked apple, which made me long to fellow the example of someone who had handled the boxes prior to ware- housing, but Mr. Young refused to "look the other way," and I remained honest. The " Jonathons," a close inspection showed, had carried splendidly, and, as in the preceding cases, each apple was like its neighbor as peas in a pod. I have seen some hundreds of bushels of Australian, Tasmanian, and New Zealand apples opened up, but never a case which contained better conditioned fruit than this one. If the exporter's "free list" is not quite "full op" I should prefer "Jonathons" to any other, on the score of appearance alone. As to flavor I am as yet ignorant 'pon honor! So good all round were these "not for sale" cases that I am sorry they did not find the way to the saleroom. But I understand from Mr. Young that the Austral's consignment, which should be to; hand almost immediately contains several cases of each variety from the same source, which will be for sale. Providing they are equal to their predecessors these cases should make very good prices, especially as Tasmanian supplies are not coming to hand in first-rate order. Amongst the goods Mr. Young has received lately for disposal on this market is a consign ment of about 7 tons of tinned mutton from Mr. I>. Conrad. Your commissioner has intro duced tiie meat to Beveral people in the trade, and his report is that it is in nioe con dition, well packed, and suitably labelled. Xbe meat when turned out seems a little dark in color, but has an excellent flavor. As yet, of how Mr. ConnuTfi enterprise will b8 nw&rasd.; The British housewife has at present a wonderful variety of tinned'viands to'ohooge from, hut turned mutton is not often seen nowadays in metropolitan shops. It has gone outof fashion, which is not to be wondered at seeing the low price of the fresh (frozen) article. But there are plenty of people who won't cook unless they are compelled to do so, and to these llfr.* Conrad's mutton will perhaps take the place of "a long-felt want," providing it can be retailed at a low rate. I wish him evary success and promise to recom mend his wares to my friends. In the currant Golonia and India there appears an excellent .portrait of Mr. E. Bumey Young, together with an appreciation of your produce commissioner^ Barium to South Australia in connection with the wine industry. Message* of congratulation from Australia and the United States were received fay tie venerable Dr. Martineau in large numbers on the occasion of his 90th birthday last Sunday. I nave referred to she ttinftiiiifttmrflff of this interesting anniversary at some length in "LandonTable Talk^but may give here the aged and yet mentally vigorous divine's reply to his weUwishem fiesays:—"The gracious and affectionate terms of your resolution move me too profoundly for any adequate -reply. In the retrospect of 90 years them is a pathetic mixture of gratitude for ample opportunities and humiliation for 'in significant performanae?. The habitual pres sure of die latter is the only cloud that overhangs jay declining path. 'My friends—as if they caoght sight of the shadow and understood it—try to assure me, as they gather around me at the close of my last decade, that the labor of so many Mason* hag not been all in vain. If to some fewaoubtlw meaning of life has indeed become cteazer.tt? pogiibalti?? nobler, its sanctities deeper, its im mottality sutaTj through the wmplft veport of lights for thus joining ins in love—be it only to two or three brethren in spirit* and children afHfr." The appointment of Archdeacon Farrar to the Deanery of Canterbury will, I imagine, put an end to his projected lecturing tour in your part of the would. To be candid, I don't think you miss much. Dr. Farrar is, of course, a show preacher, and one of the Broad Church's principal pulpit orators, but his style is too florid for my taste. Anyhow, despite his squeaky voice and audacion? eocen trictties, I would 50 times rather hear your present visitor, little "dot-and-go-one Haweis." You wince as he begins, bat the excellence of his matter soon makes you alto gether overlook his manner. Sir Henry loch has, I heard it stated yester day on fairly good authority, been offend and refused the Governorship of New South Wales. Of literary Watsons there Beent no end and if Philistines get confused amidst their various identities 'tis unreasonable to carp. Everyone of oourse knows William Watson, the poet, and —some hope—our future laureate. _He is a Dicky-Sam, otherwise a Liverpudlian, and so at the present is the Bevd. John Watson, aliat " lan Maclaren," who was duly dined and re spectfully worshipped by the Authors' Club last night. llaicolmWataon, the playwright, should be f?Tniiinr to you as the author of "The Pharisee " and other successes, and all oolonists are proud to own the New Zealand novelist, H. B. Marriott-Watson. The litter's friends like best the early work he did when J. M. Barrie played Damon to his Pythias, and the New Zealander himself was the trusted friend and counsellor of scores of good fellows. That was before be took up with the d&actent; clique, who swear by (and let us hope occasionally at) Charles Whibley, and wrote ?ft?m?l storyette? for that quarterly sink of sex-maniac abominations, the Yellow Book. Finally, I come to the last, or rather latest, of the literary Watsons, a lady about to bring out a volume of vorse en titled " Vespertilia." She was erstwhile known to the select public who reush the great works of the Bodley Head bardlets as Graham B. Tomson, but having linked her life to that of the author of the "Web of the Spider"prefers now to be called Rosamund Marriott-Watson. The title poem, if I remember aright, recently appeared in one of the magazines. I was somehow under the impression that good Mrs. Besant and her bamboozling allies, the Mahatma?, did not make manT converts in your part of the world, but an interview with the returned lecturers in tbe Chronicle rather contradicts this view. Mrs. Besant says indeed the colonial Theosophists were sufficiently numerous to organise into a section, and that they and the Knglish section .are backing her demand for an explanation from the wily W. Q. Judge of the sorry conjuring tricks and petty fooling exposed in the Weit mimter. Mrs. Besanrs attitude towards the latter journal has undergone a somewhat strik ing change. She is now grateful to Mr. Garrett (author of "Isis Very Much tin veiled") for giving her an opportunity to defend her seeming insincerity and gulli bility. The lady can bear the insinua tion (never really seriously advanced) that she dishonestly connived with Judge to deceive robustly credulous disciples, but the suggestion that she, too, was completely fooled by that apostle touches her on the raw. Mrs. Besant wishes us to know that she got her first positive proof of Mahatmas in 1889 before she met the wily Judge at all. From 1889 she both saw the Master frequent! v, and he talked to her, taught her, and told her what was to happen. This prophetic ghost, for example, forewarned Mrs. Besant of her comrade Brad laugh's death, which occurring somewhat suddenly would otherwise have come to her as a terrible shock. A sceptic suggests that, after all, far the earnest way foe Mre. Besant to justify at once her oommonsense and her Mahatma would be for the latter to give us through her mouth sundry sample prophesies. If they came off we should be greatly impressed, and might even be convinced. But the Queen of Theosophy shakes her head. ."If they believed not H. P. Blavatsky and her miracles, neither would they credit my Mahatma and his mighty works. We should be mocked at." I thought that quite possible myself. You may have noticed that in one particular all spirits, ghosts, familiars I and Mahatmas are alike. Though they can and do prophesy the most as tonishing facts to their disciples, and though the disciples are constantly boast-! ing of (their fulfilled predictions, they.never give outsiders a chance of conversion. It is always after the opera—l mean the prophecy—is over ] one hears about it. Moreover, when a too i enterprising shade does venture to prophesy! publicly he or she or it comes to grief, ortener than not, like a mere mortal. On dit, a cool ness has arisen between Mr. Stead and his Julia owing to this up-to-date spook having with lamentable confidence tipped Cloister for the Grand National The Beuieu of Rcriewt staff loyally stood by the office ghost, and backed Mr. Duffs mare. What happened when she was taken mysteriously ill and Bcratehed deponent knoweth not. I suspect, however, the dupes of Julia's sportive fancy! used unreport?bJe ezpressions. So the wily old lmperator of impresarios has "tfSged 6 Mr. Kederick Villiera, the Admirable Crichton of war correspondents, on his way home from China, and you will hear all about the Japs and their njthong customs before even tfae Savages da ;Mr. Vafiers is, or was, a capital lecturer, and ahoold Chmo- Japaneee matter fall short he has half a score or bo of other campaigns to draw upon. A reform for which our persevering Henni ker Heaton has long agitated is about to be adopted by the Bost-Office, and henceforth the date stamps on all letters win show the hour the mail is dispatched in plain figures. Sir Bobart Hamilton, whose long illness terminated fatally on Monday hist, was a man from whom at one time much was expected, but just as his career seemed blossoming he buried his talents in the Tssmanian vice royalty, and when he returned our politicians "knew not Joseph." Hi-health Bupervened, and at G6 the ex-Governor and Under-Secre tary for Ireland lies dead. Sir Robert had any amount of pluck and showed it incon testably. Acting on the advice of Mr. Patchett; Marto Xady Sberbrooke has prescaited the: Brtbsh Museum with a?e rare files of tie Jtha newspaper, published in Sydney, IS4W. I Theprmripafartielesare initialled with their! writer's names in pencil by Lowe himself, whKi—apart Eromotieroonsiderations—inakeg the Tolnmea nniqas and very vauahle. ! 