THE SKIRT AND THE DANCE. You remember, no doubt, how the Reverend 'Ingoldsby' Bar ham wrote:— What Horace says ia, Ehea ! fugacet Ami Labuntur, Pastime ! Postume: Years glide away, and are lost to me, lost to me. jVow, when the folks in the dance sport their merry toes, Taglionis and Ellslers, Duvernays and Ceritos, Sighing. I murmur, O mihi prateritos ! It is evident that in those days it was not considered any more improper for a parson — and Barham was a very good and religious man ! — to attend a ballet than it was for the twelve-year-old heiress to the throne of an empire — ' whose morning drum-beat following the sun, and keep ing company with the hours, circles the earth with one continuous and unbroken strain of the martial airs of England ' — to do so. But stage dancing was in the ' thirties ' a high art, and 'high kicking' was entirely unknown. It is still an art in France and Italy, but in those countries the long skirt — that is, a skirt which reached below tbe knee — in which the Taglionis, Ellslers, and Cerito* of half a century ago danced, has been gradually growing shorter and shorter, until the lower portion of a modern danscuse of the classical school looks very like a spinning top. To Kate Vaughan, now the Hon. Mrs. Wellesley, must be credited the reintro duction of the long skirt. She was the originator of what is called the 'skirt dance.' But Kate Vaughan was an artist, and did not use her long skirts to hide poor dancing, as most of her imitators do. The skirt dance of to-day bears little resemblance to tbat dance with which Kate Vaughan delighted London, and which received the approval of Marie Taglioni herself. The skirt dance has become very vul garised, depending largely upon its sensa tional effect in the use of the conventional dress. The great fault to be found with skirt dancing, even w ?n performed by its best exponents, is that it is utterly impossible to express the passions by it. It therefore lacks the highest element of art. Very different are the Spanish dances in which Carmencita so wonderfully expre-ses love and hatred. Among tbe most grotesque so-called dances ever seen in this country was that known ha the 'kangaroo dance.' There was not one iota of art in it. Always in search of a new sensation, the dance-luving public was next treated to tbe ' serpentine dance.' Where the ' dance' came in it would be difficult to say. All M ss Loie Fuller, it-s inventor, does is to twist an enormous amount of long flimsy sk'rts in a most dexterous manner. With the aid of electric lights she manages to produce a remarkably pretty effect ; but to call it a dance is absurd. And now we come to Miss Lottie Collins, who combiues the song, the skirt, and dance in a manner essen tially English ; for there is no womau in the world who can sing and dance at the same moment in a way an English variety actress can. One admiring critic wrote of Miss Collins : — ' As to the deservings of this strange success by Miss Collins, it is a pleasant fact that she is wholly fcee from the slightest vulgarity. She has none oi tne wanton qualities ot tne sKirt- dancers and high kickers. Her exploits are fun gone mad, very riotous, but with no lapse into unseemliness, and with nothing in all its abandon of foolery to be condemned as indecent. There is much of dramatic art in her whole performance, moreover, and it merits the attention it has commanded. ' There ia one point. t!j_whieli_Mifi« Collins . differed essentially from herimitators.~TEe young woman she represented — and as the words of the song show she should repre sent — is a hoyden, but a hoyden who is a lady 'by birth and education.' Her imitators madeMiss 4 'Ta- ra-ra Boom -de-ay' not 'a belle of good society,' but a vulgar wench. The skirt dance has passed through the sacred portals of London society. We are, therefore, sure to have a good, deal of amateur skirt dancing. For our fair readers who contemplate learning it we give the following recipe for the outfit necessary, as given by a decided authority. ' You take very thin crepe de chine, allowing thirty yards fulness at the bottom, and then you gore it to nothing at the waist, accordion plaited. Of course, that needs not to be said. The bodice is what is known as a Nautch-girl bodice, fitting the figure like a glove, and may be trimmed and braided to suit your taste. From the throat there should hang several long streamers of white ribbon. The erepe de chinc should be specked with spangles to give a weird, sparkling effect, when you catch up the skirt and twirl and twist it to do the bat figure, the angel figure, the fairy figure, the bacchante figure, and all the rest of the figures, which may be varied to suit your particular style and skill. ' But now we come to the piece de resist ance — your tights. Don't blush, dear girl; you must wear them, and they must be what is known as the combination tights, and be grey in tone, which will work up best under the glare of the limelight. White kid shoes complete the outfit. But, ah ! if you only have a pair of dainty feet, and shapely limbs, and a good supply of audacity, you can work wonders with this outfit, provided always that you have a good man at the limelight. ' That is absolutely essential. Indeed, the frill dancer is at the mercy of the lime light man. He may make or break her. He may make her angel look like a ghost, and her bat look like an angel in distress, and her sprite look like a widow with her emotions aroused. In fact, as some one has said, the limelight man ought to get all the applause. This, however, is putting it a bit too strong, for a frill dancer, after all, is like any other dancer. She must have grace, abandon, archness, strength, flexibility, and audacity. ' Some ladies will have a cold chill run over them at the thought of seeing their daughters expose their limbs in a frill dance at private theatricals. But these glimpses are so brief, so fugitive, so indis tinct, so flashlike, that after the serpentine dance has been concluded, you can't make sure that you've seen anything.' We object to the use of the word 'limb' when 'leg' is intended, but otherwise the recipe is good. Fair readers, learn tha skirt dance, and save the poor, overworked male the trouble of waltzing with you ! It would be ' so awfully jolly don't you know,'' for his blast-ness to sit and watch you gracefully manipulating your skirts, while he is chewing the cud of content ment. ^ Try it '. A society girl who is an adept in the skirt dance will, we believe, prove the belle of the season. — Lazyland. \V idow ; Do you think marriage is always a failure ?' Bulfinch i 'Always a failure ! Well, I should say not. Why I know a case where a wife fairly idolises her husband, and be— why, he can't keep away from her a minute.' Widow : 'Bless me ! How long have they been married V Bulfinch : ' Nearly a week.' Jolly Hostess: 'What wore you men laughing at in the other room?' ' Your husband has been telling us such a funny story, but (blushing) ib won't bear repeating.' Jolly Hostess : ' Which one was it, dear V' Swell ; «♦ You haven't a very good assortment of ties.' Dealer:' No. I don't have any demand Business is dull, and I'll have to quit any how, I'm afraid.' Swell : ' You won'u if you carry the right kind of ties.' *? Dealer: ' What kind ¥* Swill; 'Advfrtaihr ' i 