GONE. A STORY OF SOME TEARS AGO. BY KATHARINE S. MACQUOID PART VI. (Continued). There was no sign of any one in the lonely place. Elsbeth held her lantern to the ground when they reached the spot where she thought she had left Jack struggling with his assailants. 'Look, mother,' she said, ' see where the ground is torn, and look at the foot-marks farther on. Come down this way, mother,' the girl cried as she went on, holding the lantern alose to the ground. ' Eh! my mercy, what is that ?' They both stood listening, holding their breaths with terror, for each of them thought she had heard a groan. 'Robert, Robert !' the mother cried. She was more anxious for her husband than for theyounger men. It seemed to her that Bob might have rescued Jack, and then gone over the moor with him to see him safe on his way, but her husband would not have done that; he would come back to reassure her and Elsbeth unless something had happened to him. For an instant the silence seemed deepened after her agonised cry had rung through the air; then a groan sounded close beside them. 'Eh, show the light, lass!' cried Mrs. Filey. ' Here, here; hold it this way, my bairn.' But before the feeble lantern-light: had found out the spot, the clouds had drifted from the moon, and the moon light fell pale and clear on a bulky figure, only a few yards beyond the two women. Mrs. Filcy snatched at the lantern and held it close to the face which was turned towards the bank. She drew her breath through her teeth, but she did not cry out 'Eh, lass,' she said, ' 'tis what I've been fearin'-'tis father.' PART VII. DOUBTS. A year has gone by since that sad night when Elebeth and her mother found Farmer Filey lying senseless in the gully. They went back to the house and roused the cow-man, who slept in an outbuilding beyond the farm, and who had heard nothing of the disturbance. With his help the two women managed to raise the stunned man, and to bring him home. But he was ill for some weeks afterwards, and the doctor said the blow on his head had been so severe that he had had a narrow escape of losing his life. Jack and Bob had disappeared as completely as though the earth had gaped and swallowed them; but the cutter outside the harbour had also departed, and the feeling against the press-gang became stronger than ever in the town of Eastborough. Mr. Mitrhison was reported to have expressed himself very strongly on the subject; John Walker was, he said, a man not to be readily replaced; he was in every way a loss to him, and he would be wasted as a common sailor just at this time when naval engagements were frequent, and so many superior men had lost their lives. 'Well, he's sure of promotion,' he added, 'though when a man has been bred to the merchant service he sel dom takes to the navy.' 'There's small comfort in that, I fear,' said Mrs. Mitchison; 'poor fellow, and poor lass too! I drove out to Filey Farm and saw Elsbeth yesterday, and eho is just a wreck, poor soul.' This was true, and now, some months since Mrs. Mitchison's visit, Elsbeth's round pretty face was still thin and pinched, and her rosy colour had left her. She was very silent too, and this greatly depressed her father. The mother pined for her lost son, but she had to rbuse herself, or the cheerfulness of the home would have been completely clouded. Mr. Aislabie, from the mill on the moor, half-way between the farm and EPaetborough, had shown much sym pathy with the bereaved family; and little by little his visits had become, first frequent, and then regular, so that at this time, just a year since the catastrophe, he used to appear about twice a week and smoke a pipe with the farmer. To-day Mr. and Mrs. Filey had come to the door with the miller when he departed, and they stood looking after him till he had climbed the side of the gully and stood on the moor. 'Eb, but he's a fine man,' the farmer said. Mrs. Filey sighed. 'He's far gone on our Elsbeth,.poor lad,' she'said. 'HKe'd mak' her a good husband. Nobbut he's mehbe a trifle older than the lass is; but that'll not count 20 years hence.' Mrs. Filey's eyebrows were raised in mild surprise. 'Are you meaning that you would wish to.see Elsbeth give up Jack? Eh, but I am surprised at you, Robert.' There came a flush into her usually pale face, and the farmer looked un easy. He raised his thick red eye brows, then let them fall again, pushed out his under lip as if to take counsel with it; finally he plunged his iiglit hand into his upright shock of hair, and stood with his mouth open. ' Well, lass,' he said slowly, after thinking over her words,' why should our bairn.nut marry t' miller? He's not forty yet, an' he's a decent, God fearing lad; an' he keeps a civil tongue in his head; an' he's as thrivin' an' well-to-do a man as ye'll find a miller to be.' 'I dunnat say-ye nay,' his wife an swered, ' he's all you say Robert, and mebbe he is more beside; but how can a lass that has promised to marry a man take back her word an' pass it on to another, afore the first lover has gi'en her back her troth ? Nay, lad, it wad not be just or true, an' you know our Elsbeth is true an' honest as t' day; besides,' she added in a matter-of-fact tone that contrasted quaintly with her words, ' how could she bear to think of sweethearting an' marrying, wiv t' poor lads, mobbe, lying in a foreign prison, or wounded in a hospital wiv newt but foreign vittils to eat.' ' Whisht !' the farmer had become impatient, 'you women-folk donnut understand men-folk. I have telled you this, lass, many's the time, an' more especially about sailors. Bob is bound to come home one o' these days, if so be his life is spared to him, but, mind ye, lass, there's no saying the same about Jack. It's as likely as not he'll hey fancied another lass, an', in that case, he will keep clear of Eastborough.' Mrs. Filey drew up her head and a slight look of scorn settled on her comely face. ' Eh, Robert, wad ye' her the lass set the pattern of forgetting him? Elsbeth is too like her father to be un steadfast. I hev telled you many's the time that you donnut study yer Bible snow; gif you had, you'd per ceive how 'twas the women 'at set the pattern for steadfastness. They was last at t' cross an' first at t' sepulchre. Nay, my man, nobbut I'm willing when Jack gives her up that Elsbeth sud not go on wearing t' willow as if she was forsaken-like; but, what I say is, let him give her up, an' if he's a living man, he'll not do that, Robert; so now you know.' The farmer shrugged his high broad shoulders till the drab coat on them seemed to touch his ears. 'Hev it your own way,' he said. 'Dang it, lass, you donnot think I speak to please mysel', not I. Hev you taken notice o' the dear lass whiles she comes in aff the moor? I met her yesterday an' her face was as white an' pinched, an' her sweet eyes was scared-like as if she'd seen a ghost.' 'She's on the moor now, poor soul!' her mother said. The farmer made no answer. When he had once taken an idea into his head it was difficult to dislodge it; he felt sure his child was unhappy, and he thought, though he kept this part of his belief to himself, that Jack Walker was dead. He was more hopeful about Bob; a young lad like that would have less chance of finding means of communicating with his friends than Jack would, for the sailor could make himself understood in more than one language besides Eng lish. Well, then, Jack being dead, the farmer argued, why should his darling waste the best part of her youth in a vain expectation of her lover's return when there was an honest, personable man like the miller willing and eager to take her ?-a well-to-do Jnan, who could give her all she had been used to and more, seeing that Miller Ais labie's grandfather and father had been well-to- do men before him, and each of them had had only one child, so that there had been no dividing of the substance which each had left behind. But the farmer did not think of persuading his daughter to take this course; it only seemed to him that if his wife would see the matter as he did, Elsbeth would naturallyfall into the same views, and she would, in the end, accept Miller Aislabie. Farmer Filey walked towards the moor, smoking his pipe as he went, with his head sunk on his broad chest. Away inland, when he looked up, he could still see the miller, now a mere speck on the brown and green stretch of moor. Spring i~as close at hand. She had already wakened the brambles from their winter sleep; the bilberries had begun to show tender green leaves; and here and there a plot of fresh grass made a vivid contrast to the grey white of the bent beside it. There was,- however, no springlike hopefulness in the clouds; they hung low, a brooding, monotonous grey canopy stretching as far as eye could reach on all sides. It was a trifle lighter towards Eastborough, and the farmer turned to look in this dired tion. The sad grey look of everything depressed him to-day. A figure was moving towards him, but it was still too far off to be dis tinctly made out. Presently he saw that what had seemod to be one figure suddenly appeared as two, and one, the smaller of the two, was evidently hurrying towards the part of the moor where he was, while the other stood still, against a background of far stretching country; for the busy fishing.town was completely hidden by the swell of rising ground on the moor. He knew that it was Elsbeth who came hurrying towards him. So heed lessly did she cnoe that every now and then she stu,? ?!nd over the grass tuesoolks among the heather. The farmer, slow to take in a fresh idea, was rapid in acting on one as soon as it came.. Something ailed the bairn. He hurried to meet her and looked be yond her at the other figure. It was now moving, but in the direction of Eastborough. ' Father, father !' Elsbeth cried, and stretching out her arms she hurried wildly on across the heather and fell sobbing into his arms. ' Mah bairn! whisht, then. Tell father what has. chanced; Who was yon ?' he cried. 'Who'll hey been skearin' ye, dear lass ?' all the while rocking her fondly in his strongarms; But he only got inicoherent words in answer to his eager questions. ''Twas the face,' the girl shuddered violently, ' the wild face !-Oh, father ! 'Tis a lass I've seen at Eastborough. I did not call the face to mind afore. She cursed me and threatened me! She says Jack lies at the bottom of the sea. Oh, father! father!' PART vImI. 5ELF-BETRAYED. The lowering sky had brought the storm it promised, and the weather had cleared. A few days later the fishing-boats came in laden with iris hued mackerel and dull grey codfish, and 'there was plenty of stir on the Staiths of Eastborough. Not only the holds were full of glistening fish, but the decks were laden and slippery with them, and were low in the water as they slowly entered the harbour and made their way to the landing-place at.. its farther end. There were handsome faces in the gang of women that stood ready, some shrouded in woollen shawls, others with pads on their tangled locks, ready and waiting on the steps that led up from the water to the quay. In the boats below the blue-jerseyed men and boys were busy filling the baskets the women waited for. Besides the actual fish-carriers, who slowly mounted the steps each in turn with a basket on her head filled with glit tering, lovely-hued .fish, there were groups of women and also of men watching the proceedings, while a little way from the edge of the quay, on a space flagged with large stones, stood the fish auctioneer, with his book and pencil in hand, adjusting his speo tacles ready to begin the day's market. In a few minutes the finest fish had been emptied from the baskets'upon the broad fiat stones at his feet. A certain number of fish, however, were carried farther up the Staiths, where a supply of barrels, some empty and others filled with salt, showed that here was a preserving store. Hetty Graves stood among the group of lookers-on. The old fish wife with whom she lodged was laid up with rheumatism, and Hetty had come on her behalf this morning to buy ling and haddock for the curing process chiefly carried on on the other side of the harbour--a process at which the old fishwife was an adept and Hetty no mean pupil. It had been remarked among the .women that ever since Jack Walker's disappearance Hetty had dressed more quietly, and had been less seen on the quay and the pier than she had been formerly. But not one among them dared to say as much to the tall, strapping young woman; she was too well accredited with the possession of a quarrelsome temper and a violent tongue. So to-day no one ventured to comment on the grey whittle that shrouded her head and shoulders and hid her red gold locks. And now the largest boats had un loaded, and at the sound of the auc tioneer's voice the crowd moved away to the fish- market. He was announcing with much superfluous energy that a dozen fine mackerel lay before him at threepence the lot. 'Look at them,' he said; 'see them, Solomon Simpson, if ivver you looked on the likes o': eik beauties, glittering till heaven's light seems to lie on the pavement. Eh! will no mother's son of ye better the offer.' Old Matt Thorp had been trying to make up his mind; now he gave a hitch to his trousers. 'I'1 gi' a halfpenny on't,' he said. 'Fourpence,' Hetty Graves called out in a clear, masterful voice, that made Matt as angry as if she had slapped his face. He had made ip his mind to secure those mackerel, and as he looked at Hetty he felt sure she would go on with the bidding if he tried to take the lot from her, so he let it go. 'I'll flout her for it, saucylass!i' he muttered, for Matt was as fond of having his own way as Hetty was herself. (lo ~e continuni.) 