TOPICS OF THE DAY. Special articles on men and topics of the day are attractive features of the " Weekly Times." The Interesting Hketoit contributed by our contem porary's special' representative', at' KI- donttlo Is very nccuptiihlo In connection with tho pni;e of capital views and por traits' of the Bceno of tho recent catas- tropho and of the men, "women, and children affected by It In one way or another, There are threo or four note worthy articles on agricultural sub jects; "More Light on Lucerne," from the pen of Professor Jlrown, Is full of practical Interest. Mr Angus M'Nnugh- ton contributes a valuable article on horses, and Mr J. J. Wilson continues Ills excellent papers on "Flax Culture." Theso articles deserve to bo very widely rend— ns they will be in tho "Weekly Times." Tlio members of the Women's Chris tian Temperance Union ure anxious that the public should not misunderstand the attitude the Union has taken up with regard to thu protection of chil dren. At u meeting of this organization held at its rooms yesterday, this matter of child protection was discussed at length. The 1'resldent explained that to punish offenders, ami to show sym pathy for the youthful victims of out rage, were not the sole objects of the Union; they also wished to obtain pos session of girls who had been reared amidst Immoral surroundings, with a view to placing them In purer homes. One other object which thu Union had nt In-art was the cultivation of chivalry I among men hy the distribution of suit able literature ami other means, so that I women might he protected from wrong ami degradation, and that the law of purity might be inude equally binding on men as on women. Preparations on a very elaborate seale are being made for the Midwinter Fnlr and Japanese Festival which Is to he opened hy Ills ICxccllenoy the Acting Governor at the New Hall, Bank and Montaquo streets, South Melbourne, on Saturday evening noxt. Thu Church cf H.J5. I'eter and I'aul, at South Mel bourne. still carries a considerable debt, and It Is to reduce this burden that the fair lias been inaugurated. The com- , mitten have met with the heartiest re sponse on all hands, and when the doors of the New Hall are thrown open on Saturday evening, those who will avail themselves of the chance of being present will see how the efforts of the ladles have bocn rewarded. By the kind permission of Major Henry and the Rev. Father Kennedy, 8.J., the St Ignatius Cadet Corps and band will re ceive the Acting Governor at the hall on Saturday evening. Tho fair will re main open for a week. Thos. II. Fleming, ag-d 3&. residing at. 7 Durham street, Albert Park, and employed by the South Melbourne Gas Company, was. admitted, to the Alfred llospltttl last night, suffering from In juries to the head caused by the slid ing door of the retort house striking him white he was closing It. Phillip "NValsh, oged 31, was also admitted with severe burns on the legs and body, caus ed by the tent he was sleeping In at Nnln rritfOilni' fir, nil TtiPfldfLV nlubt. Mr Charles Arnold, the well-known and clever actor, leaves Melbourne to day by the h.h. Therinopylu., on a pro fessional visit to South Africa. Mr Arnold has completed a lengthy and successful tour In Australia, unci pro- j loses to ruturn nn the completion of his engagement at Capetown. Mr Arnold's services have been secured for twelve month's hy Mr Donnmlccl, of Capetown, and at the expiration of that term he will proceed to Loudon to uugment his repertoire -before returning to Mel bourne. Mr 'Robert Cowlam -Barrett, J.P., died very suddenly at his residence, pQBcoe Vale, Inst evening. The de ceased had just arrived In his buggy front, town, and expired soon after en tering the house. He was nil ex-Mnyor and councillor of Fleinuglon, and some 'years ago stood for West Melbourne, but was defeated by Dr. Maloncy. He has been chulrman of the local bench for some years. At the General Hessians, before Judge Chomley, this morning, the following personn pleaded guilty Walter Faw- cctt to three charges of receiving, David Curtis and WllUam M'Clollnn to house breaking, and George Harris and Wil liam Williamson to receiving. At the Fitzroy Court to- day. In a debt case over a pair of boots that were alleged to be a misfit, the bench, tu satisfy themselves, ordered ' the defen dant' to put the hoots on and walk across the court. lie did so, to the amusement of all present, but us he nppcared to suffer great pain, the jus tices qhncludcd that they wore rather tight, and dismissed the case. Thomas Nolan, of 331 Bntmiwlek nt., FRzroy, was beforo tho local court to day,. charged with using his ptemlses for betting purposes. Inspector Gray, after thu accused had pleaded guilty, told the bench that on 19th July, Water PoIIcq Constable Watson took Rcverel bets from defendant. When the latter him how ho got on the previous Satur day. "Had had luck." returned the defendant. Watson returned after wards with Constable O'Brien, and tax ed Nolan with mnklng thu bets, and he denlod having done so In the shop, but admitted butting on the footpath. As It was defendant's second offence, lie was fined fO, with 10s costs. William Dcvciiport was charged at Carlton Court this morning with In sulting behavior. The case was before ,the Court yesterday, hut the presiding magistrates disagreed and Dcvenport wns remanded until to-day, Evidence was given by Henior Constable Collnn- dcr und Constable Barr to the effect that defendant and another man were In Faraday street shortly before ono o'clock yesterday morning, and Dovcn- port was calling out "Ptrtlcei" The de fendant, who . Is, engaged theatrically,, slated that ho was only "rehenrslng," hut the Bench Imposed a fine of Bs., in default, twelve hours' Imprisonment. The fltio was at once paid. George ITnll, 27 years of ago, wns ad mitted to tho Melbourne Hospital Inst night snoring from fracture of both knee caps. He wns riding on a meal, cart' on the Flcmlngton road, when lie fell on to the rond. For passing a valueless cheque upon one Daniel Collins, a man named Fred erick J. Spencer wus sent .to gaol for three months by the Prahran Bench this morning. Mr. H. M. Gooch, J. P., was congratu lated by the Mayor (Cr. Thomas Lux- ton) and Councillors of Prahran this morning upon his appointment as a Jus tice of the Peace for New Houth Wales. room at the Town Hall. Tho national testimonial to w. G. Grace is mounting into thousands of pounds, hut that agreeable fact Is noL sufficient, says our London corre spondent, to sntlato the enthnlasm of his tidmlrers, who insisted on' giving him a banquet on Monday evening, at which that noble patron of sport ami Gnlcty girls, the Duke of Beaufort, pre sided, No doubL It was a sort of counter - balancing factor to the gay and festive Duke that the Bishop of Hereford nttended the banquet, and snld many complimentary things about Grace's prowess no a cricketer. W. G.. In responding to the toast of his health mentioned that during the whole of his guy cricketing career ho hud never known more Interest and oxoitemcnl about the game than was manifested during SloUUurt'h recent Australian canipalgn. By winning three Lest matches out of five, in the face of ad verse Influences of colonial hospitality, Stoddnrt's team had nobly upheld the honor of England. Mr Duncan Gillies committed Vic toria to a handsumo subsidy to the Im perial Institute, Houth Kensington, and now (says our London correspondent) he has the satisfaction of hearing It described In the House of Commons as "a cross between Cromorne Gardens nn they wci'ei and Burlington Arcade as It Is." "liivorybody knows what Cromorne was, and most Ixuidnncrs know that Burlington Arcade is the afternoon re sort of'.thc most stylish of tho London demi-monde. 'Ho It Is to bo hopjd that the peopto of Victoria nro delighted with Mr ,G11Uch for so kindly . subsi dising this Institution on their behnlf. The "Ht. James aazette," commenting on tho debate In the House, says that "It Is a scandal that an Institution founded with so much pomp und pride can be spoken of, with some degree of Justification, In such terms." The fact is that the Imperial Institute, as origi nally projected. Is a colossal failure, und the people who arc running It and who had hoped to secure sinecures for life in It, are resorting to tho most catch penny nnd despicable devices In thu vain hope of making It pay expenses. It Is hound (o be taken over by the authorities of tho adjacent Houth Ken sington Museum before long, and all thu thousands that Its energetic secre tary, Sir John Homers Vine, wheedled out of the Australian Governments might Just as well have been thrown into the Pacific. Amongst Items of literary news (says our Ignition correspondent) the July number of the "Century" should be rent! hy Australians fur the sake of the "Personal Recollections of Hohert I Louis Stevenson," contributed by one | of his oldest friends, Mr. Kdimiud (iosho. They are full of new and ex ceedingly Interesting anecdotes of the brilliant novelist who speul the clos ing yours of his life in Hutuoii. "An Australian In China," hy that adven turous ticelong boy, Dr. G. K. Morri son, is tt new book issued from the house of Horace Cox that every Aus tralian ought to get. It gives some souud practical advko to Intending tourists "In China. For hismnec, "if you wish to (ravel <|uiVkly in China never be In n hurry. Appear uncon scious of nil that is passing, never he Irritated ut any dcluy. and assume complete Indifference even when you ure really anxious to push on. Emu late, too. that leading trait In the Chi nese character, and never undctstand anything which you do not wish to understand. No mnn on earth can Is? denser than a Chlnnnmn when he chooses." Dr. Morrison says he has seen girls In China who would bo wjn- sidercd beautiful in any capital luwn- rope. Speaking ns ono who has (ra velled through iKith Japan itod China, tho young (icelong doctor declares as un Impartial observer tluit In every feature the Chinese woman Is superior tu her Jnpuucse sister. The'ferty-lhlrd volume of the "Dic tionary of National Biography," Is sued by Smith, Kldur nnd Co. yester day (writes our London corros|H)iident on 27th June) Is chlolly noticeable for the best account of the remarkable career of Charles Stewart Purnell that has yet appeared in print. It Is un signed, Imt Is evidently written by somebody who has hud inside know- ICUgU UI IIIU Mllllllllg lUCllll'Uin ut iui- iicll's public life. Two old Melbourne politicians— Sir J. F. Palmer and Cap tain Pauley— also figure III the volume. It Is stated that Palmer, the president of Ibe first Victorian legislative C'ouu- ell, bad us n great uiiele the famous painter, Kir Joshua. Reynolds. Al though a medical umu who had pre scribed .for some -years in lxmdou, Palmer took to manufacturing cordluls and selling wine In MeUtounic. Geo. Pair, In Ills day the greatest of Kng- Hsli cricketers, and who captained the All J'Juglaiid Klcvcu that visited Aus tralia in JS0JI, Is glso noticed. In theso days of tremendous hitting nnd treble- figure individual' scoring, It looks funny to rend that Burr's best score in Victoria was sixty at Bullumt. Tho hero of the race of tho horse less carriages (says the " Dally News" Paris correspondent) Is a M. Levassor. He passed .through the Porte Maillot gate yesterday at one o'clock, after a fifty hours ride, siting besides Ids en- glue-drlver. The motive-power was jxitroleuui. The Octroi men were on the look out, and feeling like the turn pike tniurlii "John Gilpin." did not try to stop his vehicle, which bore the number live,' The driver steered straight up to the jury, whose foreman was M. Georges I forger, deputy of the Heine. A grant crowd had assembled. It cheered the first comer with lndes- crlhlc enlhuslusnL The victor was the worse for the long-sustained ef fort, His eyes were bloodshot, und his face drawn and covered with, it thick coat of dust. Though In first, M. Le vassor .cannot be awarded a first prize, because his carriage has ouly seals for two. It. Is a sort of steam- gig. The second carriage came In late in the evening, and bclug a four-place one gels thu flrsl prize, Tho Theatre Ruyalvlo comfortably AIM every night, tho attractions. o£ a Sailor's Knot proving a great draw. The piece. Is very cleverly acted, and tho staging Ib exceptionally fine!, The stage nlcturen of Wanning Old Htnlrs, Old Stepney Church , and Uic deck of II.M.S. Dauntless are wonderfully well prc- Fonted. The piece will only be atftg- cd for a few ovenlngB more, as Mr Bland Holt has furtlier'noveltles In view. Thoso of our readers who are Interes ted In football, will bo plenned to learn that the "Weekly Times" devotes half a page thin week to tho portraits of the captains of the Junbr football teams; They are from very good photo graphs, taken by Talma, the clever Bwanston Htraet artist. The annual plain nnd fancy drctm ball of the Fitzroy La Mancotle Cricket Club will tnke place In the Exhibition Mall Brunswick street, to-morrow even ing. Tho hon. It. W. Best, Minister of Customs, has consented to attend and distribute the prizes won during the past season. Included In the evening's entertainment Is a may-pole dance, which .will- pe' performed by twclvo couples In fancy costume. . Frizes will also be awarded during tiie evening for the best dressed ladies attending. Com petent Judges of feminine attire will decide on the points of superiority. Eleven football captains, and yet "No ghost !" There Is no portrait of "that ghost" in the " Weekly Times " this week. Our contemporary bus been caught napping. A good ghost, even of a central umpire, la worth a football captain or two any day. Mr T. A. Rogers, J.P., of Trenlham, acknowledges the receipt of a largo, parcel of clothing nnd iKiots from Mr Hobart .Huffy, of Mansfield ; also par cels -from Mrs Cnnn, Blackwood, and front Mr John Vale, Melbourne, for settlers on the Phwnlx settlement.- JJi has llkewlne received ?f0 hi nek currant cuttings from Mr Wm. Grlbbhte, Black- wood. The nvhililitnn nf tvmt.1t nl I)./. Charities' Carnival, In the Exhibition Quadranglo yesterday, was' a remark ably good performance, and deserves special mention. Mr. Nelson Cham bers, of the South Ynrra Sale Yards, rode three horses, two of which were perfect warrlgcls. The exhibition of genuine horsemanship was. In the opinion of mnny good Judges present, extraordinarily fine. Mr. Chambers wns only unseated twice, and then only when the hbrse bucked himself down. Ho long ns the horse kept on his legs nothing could move the rider. An ordi nary busli saddle was used. RrndHhaw'B Guide to Victoria, with railway map, for August. Is to hand from Messrs Stillwelt and Co. hi this Issue tho railway time-tables and Post Office Information are revised to date, together with a complete list r.f places to which Post Oiflco loose bags are de spatched, a list of the consuls, the dates of puhlln holidays from July. 1S95, to Juno, IfiOfl, and the times of high water nt Wiltlanmtown for tho months of August and September. 