CARDINAL MORAN AND BISHOP CHALMERS. On Sunday last Cardinal Moran further replied to speakers who had dealt with the subject of the union of Christendom. That portion of his address which was devoted to sermons by Bishop Chalmers which have appeared in these columns is as follows : The special, purpose of my address to-day is to offer some remarks on those criticisms of my lecture which refer to the unity of the Catholic Church. This unity of Holy Church is so perfect, so com plete, as to win the admiration even of those who are most hostile to her. It is a feature of the Church of Our Divine Lord most clearly traced for us in the Sacred Scripture. The Redeemer poured forth the most solemn prayer: " Father, keep them in Thy Name, whom Thou hast given me, that they may be one as we also are. And not for them only do I pray, but for those also who through their word shall believe in Me ; that they all may be one, that the world may believe that Thou hast sent Me." (John xvii.) Thus it is His decree that all the faithful should be linked together in the closest bonds of unity, and that this very unity would be an abiding proof of His Divine mission from the Father. The apostle repeatedly dwells upon this gift of God. His epistle to the Ephesians in par ticular may justly be styled the gospel of the church's unity, so repeatedly does he dwell upon the various details and manifold perfection of this gift of God. In chapter the fourth he reveals one special purpose for which it was divinely given us, that we " be not tossed to and fro and carried away by every wind of doctrine in the wickedness of men, in the craftiness by which they lie in wait to deceive." So also from very early times we find in the Creed the profession of faith: "I believe in one holy Catholic and Apostolic Church." These words were not a mere historic statement in refer once to her past and present life. They were an attestation that these essential attributes of the church would be her distinguishing features till the end of time. Hear how the early Fathers voiced this invincible, ever-unchanging character of the Church. St. Alexander, of Alexandria, in the beginning of the 4th century, writes-" We con fess one and one only Catholic and Apostolic Church, never to be destroyed, though the whole world should wage war against it." St. Athanasias declares-" The word is faithful, the promise is un shaken, and the Church is invincible, though the gates of hell should come against her, though hell itself and the rulers of the darkness of the world therein be ant in motion." And rSt Anlrnhm?e " The Church no doubt has her change of seasons, seasons of persecution and of peace. Like the moon she seems to wane and fail, but yet lives on ; clouds may overshadow her, but she cannot die." St. Chrysostom asks triumphantly, " How many tyrants have laboured to destroy the Church ? Reckon up their fiery furnaces, their raging beasts, and their whetted swords. Where are they now? They have failed; they are given over to silence and forgetfulness. Where is the Church ? Living still; she outlives the very eun in splendour. They and theirs have perished; lshe is immortal." No less beautifully St. Augus tine writes-" This is the holy Church, the one Church, the true Church, the Catholic Church, which wars against all heresies. They may battle against her, she cannot be overcome. All heresies went out from her like useless branches cut off from the vine. But she remains in her root, in her vine, in her charity. The gates of hell shall not conquer her." (?de ytnbolo, serm. 1., cap. 6). The Protestant Bishop of Goulburn, Dr. Chal mers, admits indeed thatineffable advantages would accrue to the world from the unity of the Church, but looking to his own Anglican communion he cannot find there a single shred of such unity, and hence he contends that unity is impossible. Tihe Redeemer prayed for unity, he says, but this is not a promise that the Church would be one. I do not iknow that his Lordship may expect to reconcile such a theory with the divinity of our Blessed Lord. He who prayed is true man like unto us, and hence He prayed to enhance our merit and to be a model to us, but He is at the same time true God, and His prayer cannot but be heard. "Thou always hearest Mre," are His own divine words addressed to the Father. The prayer for the unity of the Church offered in the solemn moments that preceded the sacred passion is not only a pledge and promise of unity, but it further intimates that such unity is a priceless heritage, a heavenly gift, the outpouring of an infinite love and mercy. It was to give effect to that prayer for unity that our Saviour after the Resurrection gathered the chosen disciples around Him on the beach of the See of Galilee, and choosing Peter from among the rest addressed to him the memorable words-" Feed My lambs, feed My sheep," that is to say, " Be thou the visible shepherd of my whole flock ; lot all be obedient to thy spiritual rule." The Holy Ghost on the first Christian Pentecost came to abide in the Church thus perfected in unity, and thencefor ward the mystical body of Christ, which is His Church, can no more be divided or cease to be one than Christ Himself. This unity it is that makes the Church invincible. It is her aureola of glory. It links the faithful of to-day with the Apostles and glorious martyrs and all the great saints of every age. It binds idto one the Church that pur sues the paths of trial and pilgrimage hero below with the Church that exults triumphanut before God's throne in Paradise. (Applause.) His Lordship adds : As a matter of fact the unity of the Church was broken when the Greeks went into schism and countless souls were torn away from the communion of the See of St. Peter. Hero again his Lordship's theology is at fault. It was foretold by the Redeemer that heresies and sehisms would arise. In the nature of things, gifted as man is with free will, pride and passion would rise in revolt against God's Church. The Greeks went into schism in search of liberty and pride of place. They have found instead for a thousand years degradation and bondage. Schism does not. in any way destroy the church's unity. You cut a diseased branch from the living tree. The tree does not cease to exist; on the contrary, its beauty and fruitfulness are the more enhanced. len may war against the Ten Commandments, but thalt will not set aside these divine precepts. We need no better proof of tihe divine vitality of the Catholic Church than the fact that throughout the course of centuries amid all the assaults of heresy, of false science, and of schism she has never ceased to ceast forth from her com munion every form of error that would eook to cor rupt the deposit of the sacred truth confided to her. No matter how powerful the sovereign may be, or howsoever prized the people, the Catholio Church will sacrifice everything sooner than allow a single particle of the heavenly doctrines of morality and divineuo faith to be imperilled. Here another remark must be made. The Catholic Church, no matter what enemies may assail her, rests calm and unmoved, conscious of her divine mission, quickened as she is by a divine life and guarded by a divine power. With a confidence that no efforts of demons or of wicked men can overcome, she relies on the promise of Christ that He would remain with her all. days, even to the consummation of the world (eatth. xxvii., 20) ; that against her, founded on the rock of Peter, the gates of holl would neyve prevail (latth. xvi., 18) ; that the Paraclote, theiSpirit of all Truth, would abide with her for ever and teach her all truth (John xiv., 10). The Church areated by our. Blessed Lord cannot cease to enjoy the assistance thus promises} her, she can never fall away from the truth ; not tmerely in the days of the Apostles, and not merely in the first cir eantqries. but at all times. and till the end of time, she is the .! pillar and ground of truth." (I Tit. iii., 15). The PFathear hurto nevcrceasod to attest this distinctive feature of the Church. They proclaim that here is the tradition of the Apostles, and the possession of truth. Never can it be said, writes Tertullian, that any teaching of divine truth was falsified by her till some reformer came to her aid. St. Cyprian and several other Fathers repeat that she inundated with the light of God, and pours forth her rays over the whole surface of the earth: ish is the bride of the Lord, ever pure and iiyi0late ; she is guided by God, and is unconquer able' it is Rasier for the sun to become extinct than for the Church to cease to impart the lessons of divine truth to man. (Applause.) A diffticulty which many Of my critics have in. eisted on may now easily be explained. Additions, they tay, have from time to time been made to the ancient creeds, and all these additions inay be said to Ie compondiated in the creed of Pope Pius the IV, Which since the Council of Trent in the 16th ountiury had been regarded as the standard of faith in the dictholio Church. The answer, I say, is plain. The Church is not a lifeless dr stereotyped phantom, but a living reality perpetuatiqg Christ's prqsence and Christ's voice upon earth. The Holy Ghost did not take His departure from the Church after the Council of Chalcedom in the fifth century. No'; He abides in Holy Church for all time and teaches all traith. It in the mission of the Church to con demn the ho?eties that may arise from time to time, and net her seal upon the divine truths that are assailed ?ythem: The tricths which she thus con firms are embodied in her decrees and become part of the Church's creed. When heresies assailed her teachiig in the fourth century her bishops assmuibled in Council and condemned their errors, and thus the Nicean Creed has come dewo ' to us. By the' same authority other hermies were condemned in the 12th, in the u4th, in the I6th century. The infallible authority of the Churah is for 11 days, even to the end of time. From the assaules of error each reigious truth that is copmbated .becomes more clear, more definite. New light, nes oridence is added to it, and it s proePeted to tie faithful., ?Jt onoly in its fulness and integrity, but elo in its lbarop~y witl? the other teachbings of faith. Thus it is, as St. Gregory the Great has written: " The umore the world draws near to its end the moro latvishbly will the stores of eternal science be opened unto us." A Protestant writer not long atgo it a paper entitled t Islife worth living fi" regards this feature of the Catholio Church as tharotcnristio and Divine, "HeCF doctrines as she one by one unfolds them emerge upon us like the petals of a half-closed bud. They are not added arbitrarily from without, but are developed from within. When she formulates in these days something that has not been formulated before, shle is no more enunciating a new truth than was Newton when he enunciated the theory of gravitation. (Applause.) Whatever truths, hitherto hidden, she may in the course of time grow eon scious of, she holds that these were always implied in her teaching. But the picture of the Church thus far is only half drawn. She is all this, but she is something more than this. She is not only the parliament of spiritual man, but she is such a par liament guided by the Spirit of God. The work of that Spirit may be secret, and to the natural eye untraceable, as the work of human will is in the human brain. But none the less it is there. " If we would obtain a true view of Catholicism we must begin by making a clean sweep of all the views that, as outsiders, we had been taught to entertain about her. We must learn to conceive her as a living, spiritual body, as infallible and as authoritative now as she ever was, with her eyes undimmed and her strength unabated, and the new dogmas that she may from time to time enunciate, we must learn to see are, from her standpoint, signs of life and not signs of corruption." Many of my theological critics have found a special diflioulty in the two detfiuitions of doctrines of faith which mark this nineteenth century of ours, the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin, and the Infallibility of the Pope as authoritative head and teacher ,f the Catholic Church. How, they ask, can this be reconciled with the unity of the faith F But those reverend gentlemen should bear in mind that the definition of a doctrine only adds the seal of the Church's authority to. a tenet which has alwvays formed part of the deposit of divine truth. Such tenets are like the gold which, no matter how pure and. perfect it may be, cannot lecome the current coin of the kingdom till it receives the impress of the sovereign. Many persons appear to be quite at sea regarding the diligent care with which the Church proceeds in defining a doctrine of faith. Talke for. instance the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception. Six years before it was defined 4 circular was addressed by the Sovereign Pontiff to all the Bishops of the Catholic world in the East and in the West requesting them to set forth the tradition of their respective dioceses regarding the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin. Letters of similar import were sent to the heads of the universities and colleges and the superiors of the various religious orders. More tijan 800 answers were received, which were subso queutly published in about 40t thick volumes. It was found that pastors and people were practically unanimous in their desire that this long-cherished doctrine of faith would be solemnly defined. (Ap plaure.) At the invitation of the Popelio no fewer than 300 Bishops proceeded to Rome. The Ponti fical Bull of definition was submitted to them, and each sentence and each word examined in dehtail. At length on the 8th of December, 1854, in St. Peter's Church, in the presence of the assembled Bishops and 1000 priests and 40,000 of the faithful who had come from all parts of Italy and Spain and France and Germany and other countries, the Holy Father solemnly promulgated the decree sanction ing de a doghia of faith the doctrine always believed in the Church that the Blessed Virgin by a special privilege of her divine Son was exempt from the stain of original sin. Seldom was a scene more solemn witnessed in the Christian world than when on the promulgation of the decree the To Deum, ihtoned by Pius IX and caught up by more thqn 40,000 voices, re-echeed through the aisles and pcondrqus dome of St. feter's. It will be seen by our advertising columns that a second sermon on "The Blessed Virgm Mary t' will be delivered by Bishop Chalmers to-morrosy (Sunday) evening. 