(Btc €,\jn‘c$?5. I'HURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1895. For many weeks past we have been pestered with circulars denouncing the custom of a number of country news papers . in publishing “ advertising supplements.” This circular airs its petty grievances in very strong lan guage indeed —in fact it has aired them so strongly that it has started a hornets’ nest in the shape of the directors of the Country Press Associa tion, who are taking exception to the unjust aspersions cast upon their characters by these libellous publica tions. When tlie circulars were first issued accusing several of the provin cial journals (ourselves amongst them) of publishing city advertisements at prices detrimental to the interests of country clients, we were asked by the leading business people of Tungamah if such were true. To the charges we gave an emphatic denial. Since then we have discovered that the “ Anti Advertising Supplement League ” is composed of one individual and the print referred to is the outcome of pure vindictiveness, and an attempt to work upon the ignorance of those at a distance. Of course it has been noticed that on the majority of these some what remarkable publications there is the advertisement of “Messrs D. and S. Reids’ cheap literary supplements.” This fact speaks for itself. We need not make further reference to this “advertising dodge” ourselves but refer our readers to the following article taken from the Gippsland Stan dard of the 4th September. The Standard says: — “A rather unique publication has been introduced to country enterprisers hy the proprietors of one of the literary supplements; the - title under which this interesting stranger has jailed into the provinces being the Coburg Leader —suggestive, of course, of the old name Penlridge, from which the new title was begotten because of the objec tionable associations thereof. But let that pass. What these supplementary venturers or adventurers desire to impress upon business people in provincial centres is—the desirability of compelling country pressmen to patronise their literary supplement in place of the sheets which at present accompany the majority of provincial newspapers. The chief argument in support of the present attempt to secure a huge monopoly is that coun try journalists encourage Melbourne traders and town rivalry by publish metropolitan. advertisements. But as we are opposed to the " no compulsion, but von must” regime which Messrs S. and D. Reid are attempting to compel their aforetime constituents to subscribe to, we decline to relinquish the plan.of playing our own game in regard to the question of what par ticular supplement we publish. As to the re-hash of matter from Melbourne weeklies, of which these supplernen tatians prate so freely, we may stats bli-ifc the Standard supplement is ns innocent of the soft impeachment as j were the interesting sheets of the • eighties, for which we paid away scores . of pounds to S. and D. Reid and Co. j It. is an old and sound proverb that ( teaches us that one tale is good till * another is told ; and although we have , nothing whatever to do with the sup plements of other country newspapers, upon which the Coburg Leader enp might be placed with fair chance of fitting, we do say, in our own behalf, that there is no occasion for alarm on the part of our subscribers and adver tising supporters, whose best interests we shall- continue . to look after and ■ hold sacred without any assistance, or gratuitous ad vice,- from the aforetime publishers of the Standard ■ literary supplement, and ■ who seem intensely desirous of renewing our business and financial acquaintance.” We have much pleasure- in heartily endorsing the remarks of our contem porary. The prints which are .now being extensively circulated through out this district are making a moun tain out; of a mole-hill, arid merely trying to curry favor with-the country business people and newspaper pro prietors,'; with the view, of securing patronage for its own trashy sheet. It is a clear case of “ one word for the business man," and half-a-dozen- for themselves.” The next ordinary meeting of the Tungamah Shire Council has been post poned from the customary dale, Monday next, and will be held on Wednesday, 9th: October in lieu thereof. The alteration was made as a convenience to councillors,; contractors, and the general public who take an interest in show matters. We feel sure that the many friends of Mr. G. H. Nethereott, formerly manager of the local branch, of the Bank of Aus tralasia, will be pleased to .hear of: his success in the “ Golden West.” It will be remembered that some twelve months’ ago Mr. Nethereott was transferred- from Victoria to Western Australia, where he was Appointed to the post of accountant in head office, Peptli. Recently he: pro ceeded to Cooigardie to take charge of the branch of the bank there during the illness of the-manager, and was so struck with the importance of tire field and the oppoiv tunity afforded in business pursuits, that lie decided to devote; his attention to business: He therefore resigned his posi-r tion in the bank (with which lie had been connected for; many years) and entered into partnership . with . Mr .J. Howard Taylor as a inining_ahd gerier.J share broker. The linn have.offices . in .Gool gardie and Kalgoorlie, Mr, Nethereott being located at the latter place. Referring to our late citizen’s departure from Perth the “ West Australian ” says “ Mr G. H. Nethereott has severed his connection as accountant to the Perth branch of the Bank of Australasia, and has left Perth for Cooigardie, -where he enters into partnership with a well-known local resi dent in the business of a stock broker. Mr Nethereott has made many friends in Perth, who, while regretting that ho has decided to leave them, will wish him success in his new career. Apart Horn his excellent social and business qualities, which should recommend him to the townspeople of Cooigardie, Mr Nethereott, as a good all-rouud cricketer, should receive a hearty welcome in cricket circles on the goldfields centre.” On Saturday last a football match was played in the ReciTatioifRcserve, Botialbv between the Bsnalla F.C.. and a combined team from St. James, Duveuish and Goorambat. The result of the game was j a win for the homo team by 5 goals 4 beiiinds to 2 goals 0 beliinds. The best players for the winners were Richardson, B. Briggs, Southern and J. Headland, while'for the combined team good form was shown by Boles (2), Hooper, Flynn, Mullins and Barlow. Flynn, as usual, played- a good game, being, as a matter of fact the best player of the forty. For Benall-', Bernie. Briggs scoured three goals, Duflk-ld and Headland kicking tile other two. The goals for tlie combination were kicked by Mullins and Flynn. Mr. Murphy was an impartial field umpire. An interesting service took place iti.Sb. Paul’s Church, Eurda, recently, when the infant daughter of Mr. aiid Mrs. P. Emmett, of St. James, Mas christened. A circumstance of the ceremony was that Mr. John DeBoos, the child’s great grandfather. was present, as also were Mr. and Sirs. Charles DeBoos, the grand parents. Mr. aiid -Mrs. John DeBoos have more than reci ived 'the blessings of the Psalmist, in that they have seen their children’s children’s children. The morning train from Melbourne, which is due in Benalla' at IT.30 did not arrive till after 1 p.m. on Thursday afternoon. The reason of the delay was that the engine, attached thereto broke j down at Donnybrook and a relief locomo tive had to be despatched from Melbourne to bring the train on. In consequence r.f the accident the Yarrawonga train was delayed fully and hour, and being the first day of the Yarrawonga show much inconvenience was caused. The Devcnisli annual spring show will be held on Tuesday next-, 8th inst. We have not been favored with the customary notice or prize list, and: therefore cannot give any particulars in reference to the arrangements made for tlie convenience of exhibitors. Any information can, how ever, be obtained on application to the secretary, Mr P. L. M'Oallum, Devenisli. On Tuesday morning the protracted drought, which had been causing much uneasiness to farmers in this and many other districts; was broken, and steady, soaking rain fell throughout the day, continuing with increased- force during the night. ! A large number of points also fell yesterday morning. The down pour, will prove, of incalculable value to the crops, which, on account of the dryness of tlie season are somewhat backward. Farmers are naturally delighted, and hopes are generally expressed of a good harvest. Below we give the rainfall as registered in Tungamah for the past week as follows:—October 1st, "51; 2nd (to G p.m.,) ’35 ; total 8G points. Since 1st January. 14in 17 points. The rainfall for September amounted to 43 points, totalling 13'31in for the 9 months, as against 22 54in for the corres ponding period last year. Number of wet days for September 5, and for the 9 'months. G5. Average rainfall for the month September T94in; for the 1st 9 months of the year 19 inches. Tlie Cobram Agricultural Society held its annua! sprng show in the society’s grounds Cobram, on Tuesday, but in consequence of the heavy rain which fell all day, was not quite so successful as last year as regards the attendance. However, exhibits were up to the usual standard, and otherwise everything passed off satisfactorily. A robbery of golden quartz occurred at Beu&lla; on Saturday night. A prospector named Murphy lately found a reef in the vicinity of the Lion mine, three rich speci mens of which he kept in a mattress in his hut. Ho went into Benalla on Saturday night, and did not return until Sunday morning. After sweeping out his hut he found that the specimens were missing from the mattress, and leported the matter to the police. Black trackers were immediately despatched to the scene, and they found plently of tracks leading from the hut to the road near by. Owing, however, to the hut having been swept out it was impossible to establish a trail. A great many persous were in the habit of visiting Murphy at his hut, but only one or two knew of the existence of the specimens. We have received a letter from a cor respondent signing himseif “Demitrius,” in which the writer advises the electors to at once select a gentleman to oppose Mr. Kennedy M.L.A. at the next election as he considers “ that a change of repre sentation would be advantageous to the interests of the respectable and better class of people in the electorate.” We think that the tone of the letter is quite uncalled for,—reflecting seriously on the actions of our representative, and also upon those who supported his candida ture, therefore we inuat decline to publish it. At the local police court on Monday, before Messrs T. Carbarns and J. Foil, J’s.P., Shiels Bros, sued Gunn and Tuttle for debt, £7 10s Gd, goods sold and delivered. Gunn being insolvent, the plaintiffs desired to garnisheo monies said to be owing to Tuttle by the Shire of Tungamah. Mr Tricks, the. shire secre tary, however, gave evidence to the effect that there were no monies owing to Tuttle personally, but to the firm of Gunn and Tuttle. The Bench finally decided that the issue should be tried before the police magistrate on the 8th inst-. The same decision was given in the case of Henry Roberts v. Gunn and Tuttle. Costs, £1 4s were allowed in each case. “Johonny ” Wallace, M.L.C., is a real friend to quite an army of decrepit men and women. His unostentations giving absorbs in small silver about £10 a week. Every Saturday morning a big band of his pensioners flock to his Collins- street cham bers to obtain their allowance, while on week days several can always be seen awaiting his appearance. “Is it your turn to-day ?” is the only remark he ad dresses to them, and their affirmative answer quickly brings forth the desired coin, and they depart happy. His dis bursements in other charitable channels are very large, and altogether it is reckoned that £1000 a year dosu’t cover this item of generous expense. Wallace is reputed to have over a million to back up his mining investments. He never traffics in shares.—“Punch.” We are requested t* draw the attention of our readers to the advertisement of the Caledonian Society, announcing the numer ous specialties in connection with the bazaar, to be opened on Wednesday next, and continuing until Saturday evening. Further particulars iu connection with the bazaar will be given next, issue. Mr. Ernest Hosking, the only and original spiritualistic exposer, conjurer and ventrilo quist, is animnced to appear in the Mechanics’ Institute on Saturday evening with a peep into spirit land, promising two hours good fun to his audience. He can give-the spiritualists points in the matter of ghost raising. In addi tion to his own personal feats there are those of his clever assistant Mr Arthur Williamson to help him with his amusing programme. Wo are pleased to state that considerable interest is being taken in the entertainment, and it is .intimated that the following gentle men have consented'to aet rs a committee: —lievs. II. M. O. Fowler, J. A. Taylor; Dr. Connell, and Messrs T. Carbarns J.P., Jno. Fell J.P., J. M. Ward, W. H/ Tricks, and J. 1\ Byrne. Mr; Hosking will also appear in tlie St. Janies Hall, St. James, on Monday. All who wish for a real good evening’s enjoy ment should not fail to attend. The moderate charges of Is. lid and ;ls: will be made. Presbyterian Cimreh services for next Sunday are as follows:—Telford, 11 a.in., Burramine, 3 p.m.; .Tungamah, 7.15 p.m. Evening lecture, “ Elijah.” Part III. Rev. J. A. Taylor. , . Bible Christian Church services for next Sunday, are as follows :'—Dcvenish East, 11 a.inf,.Rev. -EJ J./Hoban. •• -Devenish 3 p.m., Mr C. Kerville. Tungamah, 7.1o p.m., Rcv.,:H. M. C. Fowler. 