KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XI—(Continued.) Lady Cecil looked at him, and laughed outright. Amaze, consternation, horror, were actually pictured upon his face. ''What! another! Upon my word, the plot thickens rapidly. You, too, have known Miss Herncastle then in some other and better world ? Is she destined to strike every gentleman she meets in this sensational manner ?'' " Miss—what did you call her, Lady Cecil ? Good gracious! I never saw such a resemblance. Upon my sacred honour, Lady Cecil, I thought it was a ghost !" ''Of course—that's the formula—they all say that. Whose ghost do you take her for, Squire Talbot?'' ''Katherine Dangerfield, of course.-- Poor Kathie. It is — good God !— it as like her as ---'' the squire pulled out his cambric, and wiped his flushed and excited face. ''I give you my word, I never saw such a resemblance. Except that this lady has darker hair, and yes— yes, I think— and is taller and more womanly— she is---- '' again the iquire paused, his consternation only permitting dis- connected sentences. '' I never saw anything like it— never, I give you my honour. What does Sir Peter say ? He must have noticed it— and, gad, it can't be pleasant for him.'' ''Sir Peter has been in a collapsed and horrified state ever since she entered Scarswood. Oh,yes he sees it—not a doubt of that. Miss Herncastle is like one of Wilkie Collins' novels — the interest inten- sifies steadily to the end— the 'Man in the Iron Mask' was plain reading compared to her. Really, if she keeps frightening people in this way, I greatly fear Lady Dangerfield must send her away. A living ghost can't be a pleasant instructress of youth.'' ''She does not seem to frighten Sir Arthur Tre- genna, at least,'' said Squire Talbot, beginning to recover from his sudden shock. ''And so she is only the governess. I never saw such a resemblance — never in my life. What would Edith say, I wonder, if she could see it ??'' ''Edith ?" ''my sister, you know— used to be Katherine Dangerfield's bosom friend and confidante — married now, you know — Devere of the Plungers— and gone to south of France for her health. Gad ! I don't think it would be safe to let them meet — she's nervous, Edith is — took Catherine's death, poor girl, very deeply to heart ; and if she came suddenly upon this —this fac-simile, by George ! of her friend, I wouldn't answer for the consequences. Never saw such a striking resemblance in all my life.'' And then they whirled away in their waltz. How strange! how strange! Lady Cecil kept thinking. Perhaps that was why her eyes rarely wandered from these two at the table. No one interrupted them. It was a most pronounced flirtation. Even Captain O'Donnell declined the request of his hostess and the earl that he should go up and speak to his friend. "By no means," he said, with a smile; "that can wait. It would be a pity to interrupt him--he seems so well amused." It was Miss Herncastle herself who broke up the tete-a-tete. Sir Arhur had become so interested, so absorbed in his companion and the pictures, as to quite forget the flight of time. Women never forget the proprieties, les convenances, in any situation of life. She arose, Lady Cecil still watching her her with a curiously set and interested expression, spoke a few last half- smiling words, and hurried away. Like a man awakening from a dream, she saw Sir Arthur rise. No, Lady Cecil, you never succeeded in holding him spell- bound in this way, with all your beauty, with all your brilliance. Then from an inner room she saw the tall chasseur make his way through the crowd, and approach. She could even hear the deep mellow tones, ''Tregenna, my dear fellow, how goes it ?' Then with a look of real pleasure lighting up his grave face, she saw the Cornish baronet clasp the hand of the Irish soldier of fortune. Was there anything in the sight of the cordial hand-clasp of those two men unpleasant to the sight of Lady Cecil Clive ! Over the fair face an irritated flush came, into the brown, bright eyes a sudden, swift, dark anger passed. She turned away from the sight to her next partner, and for the rest of the night danced and flirted without intermission. Her laugh was gayer, her eyes brighter, her cheeks rosier than any there had ever seen them before. Bright at all times, some touch of feverish impatience and anger within made her positively dazzling to-night. The ' festive hours' drew to a close ; the guests were fast departing. The music was pealing forth its last gay strains, as for the first moment she found herself alone. No touch of fatigue dimmed the radiance of that perfect face; that starry light gave her eyes the gleam of dark diamonds ; the fever rose-tint was deeper than ever on her cheek, when, looking up, she saw approaching Lady Dangerfield on the arm of Captain O'Donnell — Sir -Arthur, stately and dignified, on her other hand. Her brilliant ladyship was vivaciously insisting upon something, the chasseur laughingly but resolutely refusing. ''Oh, here you are, Queenie !'' her ladyship impa- tiently cried. ''What an inveterate dancer you are becoming. It was fatiguing only to watch you to night. Perhaps you will succeed where I fail. You and Captain O'Donnell appear to be old friends ; try if you can prevail upon him and overcome his obstinacy.'' '' To overcome the obstinacy of Captain O'Donnell I know of old to be an impossible task. But to please you, Giuevra ! On what particular point is our Chasseur d' Afrique obstinate now ?'' ''I want him to leave the inn at Castleford, with his sister, and come here. The idea of stopping at an inn— a lady, too-- preposterous ! Sir Peter insists, I insist, Uncle Raoul insists, Sir Arthur insists— all in vain. And I used to think Irishmen the most gallant and yielding of men— could not possibly say no to a lady if they tried. I shall have another opinion of Captain O'Donnell's countrymen after tonight.'' ''You will come,'' La Reine Blanche said, with a glance of her large, luminous eyes, that had done fatal service ere tonight. Few men had ever the moral courage to say no to those bewitching eyes. ''You will. Our motto is 'The More the Merrier.' We will do our best not to bore you. Scarswood is a pleasanter place than the Silver Rose. You will come—I wish it.'' '' And nobody ever says no to Queenie,'' Lady Dangerfield gaily added ,'' her rule is absolute monarchy.'' He looked down into the beautiful, laughing imperial face, and bent low before her, with all the gallantry of an Irishman, all the debonnaire of a Frenchman. ''I can believe it, Lady Dangerfield.. - And that La Reine Blanche may have the pleasure of a new sensation, permit me to say it--for once. To pleased Lady Cecil--what is there mortal man would not do? In this trivial matter she will, however, let me have my own obstinate way. If the Peri had never dwelt in Paradise, she would not have wept in leaving. I may be weak, but sad experience has taught me wisdom. I take warning by the fate of the Peri." His tone was very gentle, his smile very pleasant but his will was invincible. The velvet glove sheathed a hand of iron ; this was not the Redmond O'Donnell she had known — the impetuous, yielding lad, to whom she had but to say 'come,' and he came — ' go,' and he went. Was she testing her own power ? If so, she failed signally. As he turned to go to the cloak-room she heard him humming a tune under his breath, a queer provoking half-smile on his face. She caught the fag end of the words : For the bird that is once in the toils, my dear, Can never be ought with chafl. That half-amused, half-knowing smile was still on his mustached lip as he bade her a gay good night, and was gone. The Irish Idyl had been written, and this was its English reading. CHAPTER XII. THE BATTLE OF FONTENOY The small parlour of the Silver Rose looked very much today as it had done this day six years, when little Mrs. Vavasor had been its occupant. A trifle dustier and rustier, darker and dingier, — but the same. And in one of its venerable, home-made armchairs, under its open front windows, sat another little lady, looking, with weary eyes, up and down the street. It was Rose O'Donnell, the captain's sister. She was a little creature, as petite as Mrs. Vavasor herself, of fairy-like, fragile proportions, a wan, moonlight sort of face, lighted with large, melancholy eyes. Those sombre, blue eves, under their black brows and lashes, reminded you of her brother ; the rich, abundant brown hair, that was but a warmer shade of black, was also his; otherwise, there was no resemblance. In repose, the expression of that wan, small face was one of settled sadness ; at intervals, though, it lighted up into a smile of wonderful brightness and sweetness, and then she was more like her brother than ever. She wore grey silk, without ribbon, or lace, or jewel; and she looked like a little Quakeress, or a small grey kitten, coiled up there in her big chair. She was quite alone, her delicate brow knit in deep and painful thought, her hands clasping and un- clasping nervously in her lap, her great eyes fixed on the passers-by, but evidently not seeing them. ''This is the place,'' she said to herself, in a sort of whisper ; ''this is the town, and Scarswood was the house. At last — at last ! But how will it end ? Must I go on to my grave knowing nothing — nothing — whether he be living or dead ? or am I to find out here ? If I only dared tell Redmond — my best brother, my dearest friend — but I dare not. If he be alive, and they met, he would surely kill him.'' An inner door opened, and her brother, a straw sombrero in one hand, a fishing-rod in the other, came in with his sounding trooper tread. ''Rose,'' he said, hurriedly, ''i did not mention it at breakfast, but I was absent last night. I met an old acquaintance, and he insisted upon taking me with him. I spent the evening at Scarswood Park.'' '' Scarswood Park !'' It was almost a startled cry, but he did not notice it. ''Yes, Scarswood Park — place some three or four miles off — belonging to Sir Peter Dangerfield. Didn't see Sir Peter— saw my lady, though, and — here is where the interest comes in. She insists upon your leaving this hostelry and becoming her guest.'' ''I!'' '' Yes. I chanced to do her some trifling service the other day — absurdly trifling to make such a fuss over — and she insists upon magnifying a mole hill into a mountain, saying I saved her life, and all that. She is really the most hospitable lady I ever met — wanted to insist upon us both pitching our tents in Scarswood. For myself, I declined, and do so still, of course ; but for you — I have been thinking it over, and am not so sure. This isn't just the place of all places I should choose for you; perpetual skittles in a back-yard can't be agreeable to a well-constructed female mind. They are going to call today ; and if they insist, and you prefer it, why, go with them, if you will.'' 'They — Sir Peter and Lady Dangerfield, do you mean?'' ''No; Lady Dangerfield and her cousin, the Lady Cecil Clive. By-the- by, I neglected to men tion that I knew Lady Cecil and her father, Lord Euysland, years ago, in Ireland. They're very civil, and all that; and if they insist, as I, said, and you prefer it ? '' Her large eyes brightened with an eager light. 'There can be no question as to my preference, brother ; but if you object to it in any way ?'' ''Oh, I don't object. I would just as soon —sooner, indeed — you went, as you insist upon staying in this place at all. I shall remain here, and, run down to see you every day until you have had enough of Castleford and Scarswood. And, now au revoir for the day— I'm going fishing.'' (To be continued.) 