THE END OF THE COAL STRIKE. Tho anuouiicoiuoDt which appeared iu our columns yesterday that all strikes in the coal trade have been de clared "off" will nrovo a xrffiUl'yinir piece of news to every section of the community. It indicates that the reign of reason is about to bo restored ill our industrial world, and that the dis astrous rule of the professional agita tor is coming to an end. No one will derive any satisfaction from the fact that the strike has failed to accomplish the object for which it was undertaken The pity of it is that there was never any chance of the men obtaining what they were lighting for. It is not be cause they are now beaten iu the strug gle that tho end will lie welcomed, but because they have at last seen the wis dom of looking the position fairly in the face, and making the best terms they can with the inevitable. Iu the best of times a coalininer's pay is none too high for the work he has to do; at present all must admit that it is de plorably low. Had there been the sha dow of the ghost of a possibility of raising it, the strike would have had some justification, and public opinion would not have allowed the long-drawn out sufferings of so many loyal-hearted men to go for nothing. From the start, however, it was a forlorn hope; a strike, not against the tyranny of capi tal, but against market conditions, which rendered capitalists, as far as the working of tlie mines was concern ed, worse off than themselves. The same conditions which forced down the value of the miners' labor smote with a still more destructive force the property of the mine shareholders, who, iu many instances, were finding capital and machinery to keep the work going without a penny of prolit. and sometimes at a distasrous loss. To strike agaiust this was as sense less as it would be to strike against tho multiplication table, with the view of compelling twice two to produce more than four. At Greta for tho past twenty mouths miners have been walking alio lit in idleness, trying to compel the mine- owners to pay a hewing rate which the market price of coal did not yield. In other places the same thing has been going 011 for longer or shorter periods, while all the time, iu face of the idle men and rusting machinery, the price of coal, instead of improving, has tended rather the other way. What happened was that minors elsewhere appropriated the market which those of New South Wales foolishly gave up. We have no monopoly of the world's coal trade, which, in spite of all that strike or lock-out can ever do, will al ways follow tile wake of Hie lowest, price current. This it lias done, and while tlie men have been on strike, and the pits idle, as a protest against re duced values, the world has been tak ing its custom elsewhere. Iu addition, therefore, to the loss of actual earnings 'while the strikes lasted, there has been a saerillee of trade from which both owners and miners will now have to equally suffer. The only way in which this can be won back is by a sympa thetic and intelligent pulling together between Hie two parties interested. The miners have had bitter proof that to add one penny to the market value of labor by striking is as impossible as for a man to add one cubit to his sta ture. If the owners attempt to pay it they must charge it on to the coal con sumer, who simply declines tlie bar gain, and suits himself elsewhere, so that, in place of there being work for the strikers at higher rates, there is no work at all. This is the invulnerable fact against which the miners, under reckless, and often self-interested, lea dership, have been persistently dashing i heir heads. As long as that suicidal policy was pursued their condition, as well as that of everyone dependent upon the prosperity of the coal-raising industry, necessarily went from bad to worse. Now. however, there are signs to indicate that the men are placing themselves under wiser guidance. This is one of the most hopeful features in the colony's present, outlook. The les sons of experience have been dearly bought, but when once they bring right home to the men the fact that every ton of coal the sale of which is losL to the culouy means the price of it taken out of their own pockets, there will bo a valuable return. In the meantime, with a steady deter- I initiation on botlt sides to forget tlie past, and face the future with a sym pathetic, united front, the worst may not prove so bad as it seems. That the miners, who were never overpaid, must submit to reduced rates is, for a rime, at all events. Inevitable. But as Hie price of their labor is lowered by the reduction iu tlie selling value of coal throughout the world, so is that of everything which coal helps to produce. Thus, if tliey get less money, it will go farther. When this fact is taken into due consideration it will be found to heavily discount the real loss sus tained by their diminished cash earn ings. If the steamship owner pays the miner loss for hewing his coal, he carries his goods to hint at a lower freight; tlie miller charges him less for making his Hour, aud so on in the ease of every article produced by tlie aid of coal. It is against, these reduc tions, as a matter of fact, Halt the miners have recently been striking with such unavoidably disastrous ef fects. A bettor understanding of the universal interaction of industrial con ditions, however, may be confidently expected to outcome from Hie general sufferings, which ignorance of it Is thus seen to produce. As showing the growth of confidence in the awakening common sense of New South Wales labor, \vc were able yesterday to pub lish the fact that, the directors of the 1\ and O. Company had decided to try the experiment of docking their great licet in Sydney. This, in conjunction with the return of ilie Newcastle miners to work, will give an important stimulus to local industry, the effects of which must be immediately felt. It will be for the good sense of the com munity to take every advantage of these favorable developments, when au early clearing of the outlook may be ' looked forward to with well founded hope. 