CARDS IN CHURCH. Thn following curious article is taken from r an English newspaper of the year 1773, and is there called the "Pe'rpetual Almnnaes or the Soldier's Prayer Book," by Richard Lane, a private soldier belonging to the 42nd regiment, who was taken before the Mayor of Glasgow for playing cards during divine service : The sergeant commanded the soldiers to church, and when the parson read his prayers and took his h:, Ibhose who had a Bible took it out: but thins oldier had neither a Bible nor a see Common Prayer Book, but, ptlling out a pack Snt of crd., he spread theIs out before hims. li wel first looked at ros card, and than at another. She The sergejnt of the company saw im an del e 1;.uurn, put up the cards; this is no place StO for them," tuf "Never mind that," said Richard. Sct When theervice was over, the coastable took act Richard prisoner and brought him l.lam ..- -.. Mayor. 52sa ".'Well," said the Stayor, " what have you: hat brought this soldier here for?" " For playing cards in church." Pdt " Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself ?" dui o Much, sir, I hope." "P" " Very good: if not, I will punish you more than ever man was punished." whi "I have keen," said the soldier, "about esi r weeks en the march t I have neither Bible nor boo Common tI'yer Book , I bar nothing but a onmmor pack e' ards, and I hope to satisfy your worship o?C'he purity of my intentions." lt " Very good," said the Mayor. Then, spreading the cards before the Mayor, pre se began with the ace. tite " When I see the ace, it reminds me there is. m, out one God. arr " When I see tbs deace, it reminds me of Father and Son. tine " When I see the trey, it reminds me of a E athehr, Seon, and roly Ghost. hay " When I s?e the four, it reminds me of the four Evangelists that preachedvis.:-Matthew, t Mark, Luke, and John. ent " When I sea the five, it reminds me of the a vre wise virgins that trimmed their lamps.' the Thore were ten, but mve were foole and' were me ent out. ins " When a woe tbo siex, r?. ratedc me tat in, the ox days 1de.Lord mad heaven an earth. the " Wh. Isen the seven, it reminds me that n the seventh day God rested freem tbe works ' fHe had made, and hallowed it. W " When e see the eight. It reminds me of the ba eight righteoun persons Qat were saved whesn Ly: God drowned te 'wor?d, v., Soash sad Il USitU wife, his three none amn ~oir wi.-C. spa " When Pe ,a shanine, P reminds me o tbhe to nine lepere that wen cleoseed by our Saviour. son There were ten, but pine never returned thatko, trel "When I osthe thert it reminds me at the len Gommandernte, which God handed town; a to Moasra oen a ate o stoe. . * ?,hee eo ,; er Ktogo it romindsr me of the great nmgqt Heaveen, which sr 'it Almighty. the "'WLhe I sr the 'e3 ras it r'eenludamej -t 'na'siir iS yft ietewnr' `wao t t a cmaa. ; ,.e oa ? ar. BrSt hrougt with her lt.y bry, sea ted bfty girls' a? dressed in beys' a;pare. tWi tn, Sclcmvn to soet which 'were gir.c. t= im c ores .enD tfr waterr e:. so weekash tren eate the grisl wnsbed ?o tabc tlbow, and the COC cry only rt tho w-iiat so King islomon .oat by, " We?ll, sand ta mayor, "on o have given i aecription of every cars. n the pack excp CO S.ha h that ?" asked the eidler. en * The K.ave," said the mayor. ' ' " I wIl give yo' bru'aur diverniptioen o that. S it you wil noat be angry." " t will ?.t" said the so.or. "ii yeo wil' m t term m(. to be a knave" n ' Well," aild the eol re to great' Sbrought me her" at " ddo noo rnase aid the mayor, "'whtkcr Se Is the gnatesiknave, but I know he's the. C' teettoot" 1( , .When Loaent hew am isye iet . pad.. g " n cotinuea the soldier, "I lod three hundrel. h Sand siety-flve-as many as there ar days in I.h~ r . When t count the number of eards in a. r, pek, fiend there as iftytwo-e many 1 as ther are In year aud I find four s'ite t.. the umber ot weeks oin the month. or I ind hohe are twelve piture cards in tae fI- pack, representing tleh ]u-ahr or nonths In the year ; and, ooueting the tricks, I finod ter-i : teen- ?a curaber of weeke a a qoarter. ,o yoen see, sir, r.y iaek iO cards serves for a , Biblei, Aranac, and Commor. Prsyer Book to me. Mo.,-- 