^TEl)feTCHEift)P tik A TOWBE. 'The tourist1 'or viuitor who ascends the 'uplands which command the city of ?Dublin on the north finds below him a Ujteasant if not an expansive panorama. 'From the -^reen pastures, froui the ''winding roai.1, through the interstices '?of the hedge rows, he will- catch glimpses of the city lying in the distance below, with its cupolas and spires and ?chimneys peering al»ove the mist, which, ?as a rule, enshrouds the course ? of ihe 'river whereon it is built. If he be of a '-contemplative turn of mind he will speculate why it is that wherever men 'make their- habitations it would seem as 'if the first1 result is an attempt to hide ?themselves anil 'their operations -from 'the view of all eyes which' regard them -from a lofty standpoint. For where ? soever our kind congregate together, : particularly after the moile 'of -what -is styled civilisation, there in to be seen 'the eftort to blot out -the «kies-^-the ?attempt, as it -were, : to* obscure' the sun. -And his eye will range towards the west, and there, where the prospect 'becomes more fair the more it is : removed from the haunts of commerce, 'he will find curiosity aroused by a peculiar construction that rises from an ?ocean of foliage like the funnel of some mighty steamer, resting in the calm of 'ruin, in a tranquil sea. On a bright ?day it shines like a bright up- shooting ray ; on a grey clay-it-stands as a dim ghost. Fittingly so, ?indeed, ifpr% a tower in ta' place of ghosts is and holds its melancholy post as captain of the ? regiment 'of minor monuments that await ih'Glasnevin die summons of the ?herald Gabriel to crumble and release 'their dead! In the highest, the only chamber of ?that beautiful monument I found 'myself with -some interesting com ; panions. 'Here, as in most other things ? appertaining to this valley of 'tears, 'it 'was necessary to descend in order to ascend, 'to stoop to conquer in point of ifact. 'One'tnust first-go down1 the steps which fall from between the tombs of DrJSprtttt of iJightiRefuine^tt'ne, and Tom Steele dubbed '-Head 'Pacificator ' by his bosom 'friend O'Connell, and ?cherished in the memory of the admiring ?tii pcUoi under 'the exceptional title of ??' Honest.' Then when the locked r-gntes are opened you enter'the tomb of 'the Liberator himself ; you «te the ?casket ^Chidii contains bis mortal (remains through the 'trefoil- shaped ?apniture of -the monument in 'which it rests, you -peer 'in to the side vault and ?contemplate the ?coffins of those of his ?nearer relatives 'who 'in his company ?enjoy, let us hope, *he peace that lpass«th understanding:; 70a wait a «uToment while the cueieflian tortm back ?the lodk of still another gate $ yen pass ?along a gnusage growing £radUB% -dimmer ; you grope for the bottom-df a ?tiarksome Udfier-sttiir, and, perhaps, {pause to 'recollect thousands of tons of granite tare above your head, rising «ky wards for 150 feet in the formation ?of *flie O'Connell Monument, which you . vipwed from the now distant uplands, a ghost or a moonbeam as suited the ?hmnonr of my sovereign lord the sun. To those unused to keep all the muscles of the body exercised the ascent is toilsome enough. Owing to the [narrow compass of the round tower the 'ladder-stair is necessarily steep, and 'impetuous youth is as much in danger 'as hesitating age in its ascent. Step by -step, 'naturally, you go up, holding '-the 'balustrade and remembering, ?always' remembering, that if you sway ; backwards tor Bliss your footing in the : intermediate glooms, your friends can 'revel in the xaottrnfnl glory of the fact : that you broke your neck within the tialtowed walls whichngrateful country raised to mark1 the resting placerof 'the ' immortal Dan.' Ladder by ladder up 'you gt», Sometimes in tenebrific anxiety, Sometimes In *H 'the confidence that springs from the enjoyment of light. You can pause if you like, and gaze out of ' the side windows which yoo ;pass only at odd tiroes; you must bear in niind you are Hot in an exhibition tower; ytfu rtrenot hVan Wrral struc ture 'gracing a 'pleasure ground. No, you ate in a tomb, -if you will in the outcome of tire human extravagance, the human 'affection, the human pride, the human self- glorification, call it what you will, but you are in a monu ment that proclaims 'to ttfi -'who'corne fend go, who pass and repass, 'that it stands 'and defies the hurricanes bnd the lightnings for 'the sake of 'a few stoneweight of embalmed bones that lie senselessly underneath. |-erbaps4t is better wtit permit your mind rustriritb such a dim corridor of thought. Say, if you will,' Eyeing the blocks of Hrtie stone which form : the 'inner Hnitfg of the 'carven granite masses without, th£t this*is a vanity of vanities, and that all is vanity ; think, if you list, what a dread cta.tte'tfatod rush and 'Con- fusion there will be 'when 'the spirit rushes back into the 'skeleton below, and tells it to arise and come with' it' to judgment, and together they fly out from the ruins of this shattered pile ; yea, muse on all the fearsome mystery ? of death. As I said, before I drifted into ' musing myself, through the kindness of that most genial of final-bed makers, who smiles away the rigidity of the attendant skulls and makes the cross bones nothing more than the suggestive insignia of a supreme authority, I ascended the O'Connell Monument in the company of some friends. It ?was anoteworthy day, the anniversary of a gretrt public mourning, when all that remained of a great public 'leader was committed to the earth. But, truth to say, while the fact lent considerable interest to our visit, were ?there never a politician, living or dead, there was enough, When we reached the topmost chamber and looked out on the expansive scene immediate and i-emote, to rouse interest and excite admiration. But before we con templated the beautiful view, we rested and chatted quie'tly *ot some recollections and facts appertaining to this tower, and the place which its presence at once signalises and adorns, From this topmost lobby, we can look down one hundred and fifty feet, and, were we perched aloft with the crow we saw when we entered, sitting placidly on the arm of the stone cross which crowns the edifice, -we would -be one hundred ami sixty 'five feet above 'the ground below, and exactly the same height over the top of Nelson's Pillar in Sackville Street^ owing to the elevation of the land in this locality. 'It-is a great trophy, 'this monument to departed worth, a gallant attempt to secure immortality of remembrance. 'It is a costly effort, -*ix thousand five hundred ^pounds having been expended on it, and 'from a design -by 'the cele brated Dr. Petrie. And 'yet how difficult it is 'to find 'even the most glorious records -correctly 'recording. Far 'below us lay -the coffin, bearing the following inscription in Latin : — 'Daniel (TCdnnell, of Ireland, the Liberator, to the «ea*tof the Apostles joUig, on the 16th Say, 1847, Tit 'Genoa, fell asleep in the Lord, having lived 73 years.' This 'is Repeated oa the =slab of -Kilkenny 'marble Wbitlh ?covers =the tomb, -and yet -it ?» not correct. It may be a trifling matter, ?but -Daniel O'Connell was born on August 6, 1776, and therefore would ?ndt'be?2 years of age still tbe'8£hdf August in the year of his death. IB is grandson, -Daniel, -also of Derrynane Abbey, % toaVritftets did not pracetve ?the -error till it was too late ito- cwretit, and consequently there -h 'rematts. However we agreed, ?sage rooks as we were, to vote -&u; 'down * trifle, and ?turned car ttumiion to otter things. We founfl-wftasfnetion in remembering %hat Ifce stately tower in which we stood was itself Irish to the backbone, it I may use the term, and that its splendid blocks had grown and slept in the Coolcullen quarries ages and ages, before there was a -people to be liberated or a hero to liberate them. We turn to the eastern window, throw it open, and looked forth. Most beneficent Creator, what a vision ! We beheld the emerald miles stretching -o the blue, shimmering bay ; we ta*1 undulating acres of foliage, imitating 'for the pleasure of the winds, the soft tumrnu of midsummer tides, we. gazed at Ireland's Eye, lazily blinking- at us in a half-light from afar; the gold denuded furze seemed sleeping ''lazily on the motherly breast of Howth, and we' voted the whole vision a sbrmon from a touching chapter in the open book of God. Glancing thither we saw the yachts afloat like gulls upon the wave hitherwards, and the 'white stone of the Poolbeg Lighthouse, the granite of the Bull breakwater, the sand- reaches of Doliyrnount ; the roofs of Clontarf saluted our eyes nearer and lower still, and the city lay dozing in -Sabbath rest, its various domes and spires pre-eminent to our inspection. We did not tell each other whfet we saw, we mutely revelled in the ?vision. And how many aspects it had, how varied from various points. At one window we looked out up on'tnore 'than one Leinster county, at another we gateed upon the distant bills of Ulster, ft Was my intention whten I originally ascended to describe the scene, but at 'the first look I codkpre ?hended at once the impertinence of pretendtfcg to execute such a task. To tafce note of 'the 'scenes which 'sur rounded -us for mites would be in efeect but to make all 'things noteworthy conspicuous by their absence. So we cbrftetited bunie'lves by lounging out at the deep- embrasure'd windows, con templating the mtiititude of tomb stones far below, andispeculating as to the particular spots ''where rested the friends whom each ©f 'Us had lofed, lost, antfH'aruented It was not difficult to distibguish the atones that retired their hSaHs above the graves of cele brated iwtti the nation Hod known and taotfrnta. We b'6uld fix the corner1 to which :from 'English -soil the bbdy^of ;he great ' orator Curran was ''WKhs ferred in 1837, and where it now lies I under the classic sarcophagus copied from the tomb of Scipio Barbatus. We distinquish Che sods that co^er'the bones of the 'great sculptor Hogan and of the illustrious scholars Donovan and O'Curry. We view in succession the monuments that mark the sleeping ' place of Gray, the journalist ; of 1 Sullivan, the play actor' ; of M'Oabe, j the Cardinal ; of Burke, the murdered . secretary ;? of Maher, the pious te«n-j .perance refornfferif of— *but stay. | No stone marks the /grave 'of . f*arnell, the statesman. Ae^e leoked ' down upon it from our. giddy 'heiglit' of vantage it 6eera'ed a :pity if a stone should ever wound the tender bosom of mound that appeared so loving and so lovely with all its memorial tributes of affection, and regret distinguishing it on this particular day. And as , we watched and pondered, and I 'luxuriated in the surrounding glories | of the living world that smiled above t the remains of its departed inhabitants, the wind freshened up and brought us the hum of approasbing human concourse, the slow refrain of music, the tapping of horse hoofs, and the , measured tramp of feet. It was the procession coating out from the City of the Quick, to honour the memory of one who slept 'in the City of the Dead. As it came nearer we could distinguish the 'heaped-up wreaths upon the funeral catafalque, 'rolling slowly after its six jet-black steeds; we noted the reH cloaks of the civic ?represedtati«es,'th« several provincial contfrnge'tits, 'the delegates of the various 'tratles, and the members of many societies. Then we glanced again towards the distant hills. The clouoV Vere trailing their garments mournfully in slow progression along the -saddening earth, t&e; wind hissed in Very asperity, the emn withdrew hltnself behind * melancholy veil, and ihe sea beyond sickffffw! and tadeA from our gaee. Howth wrapped herself :in a raWttrning cloak of mist, the -spires of *lie city vanished like ghosts into ttwiligbt, the treetops rocked themseitves with Sorrowful sighs, the desfl natch moaned from the dense crowfl etrtering the grave yard, and suddenly Ae Heavens b*rst in a frenzy ol'4ear8«box«e the Universal gloom. Had 'we see* to beastJifol vision from tho'tdpof this Irisli round tower, or lhafi we slept =and dreamt it ? We descended in'iotlieTtorab, and re gained the Valley n£ Tears once more. ? There is a story of a Soutch minuter whose phjrsibua ordered tiim to drink beef tea. The next d»y, when the 'doctor called, the' patient eottpkined that the new drink made him mofc. ?' Why, sir,' Mid the doctor, ' that vnti't be. I'll try it myself. ' As fie spolce be poured tome of the tea Intu ?sViltet *ai set it on the fire. Then having wanned it, he tasted it, smacVeAnis lips, *nd Midi 'Excellent, excellent (' 'Man,1' said the minister. 'U that the way ye imp it!' 'Of oouise; .what other way should it be suppitf It's eroelleot' 'It may be guide that way, doctor, but try it wi' the cream «?* aogsr, man. Try it wi' thai ?ud «ee tKW ^e like ih' 