THE VOICE OF THE DRUM. The poet Heine deolared that he had a talent for . dramming in every : limb : and In his feet to a:remarkable degree. > It was early cultivated by .a valiant Frenoh drummer, long, quartered ip the qnaint town ofDussel- dorf. whohad been: with the Emperor Na poleon in, most of. his campaigns;,,. He:jbad,>: as Heine deolares. the face of a fiend-, and a: heart like an.angera j a eniaUi mobUs faoe, a 1 fearfuhblaok! inriuetaohe,! under whtoh1 his red Hps curved proudly, while hiB eyes shot fiery glances on every side. J. , T Little fellow as I was (Hemo says), wa9 for' ever chained to his "side; helping him polish his buttons and ohalk his white waist coat— for M. Le Grand was not indifferent to pleasing the eje. 1 followed him to guard, roll-call, and parade ; there was nothing but rattling of Arms and fun. . M. Le Grand spoke only a little broken German, but he could express himself per fectly on the drum. For example, when I did not know what the word hberte meant he beat the 'MarseiUaise, and 1 understood. .. . « In the -same way he taught me the story oi the late events. It is true I Could not follow the words'.; but a9 ho drummed' away all the time I kriaw what he meant to say. You comprehend the story of the storming of the -Bastille, the "taking, of the Tuileriea,, etc;, if - you know ' how the drums beat while it happened. . ! ... - Years afterwards, while isittmg beneath a' tree arid dreaming of the past, J. heard behind: me .the confused sound of voices, bewailing 'the fate of the poor Frenchmen, who had been: taken, prisoners in the Russian War and sent; to Siberia, and there detained for several. .years after peace /was declared. Raising my eyes, I beheld these unfortun ates of France on their way home. Bare want stared - through every /rent m their tattered uniforms : deep, plaintive eyes looked from their wasted faoea ; but, sore, tired, and mostly lame 88 they all of. them were, they had ' a 1 sort ; of martial stride, and, strangely enough, A drummer with his drum staggered, at the head. . With an inward shudder I thought of: ; the tales of soldiers who, fallen in battle by day, rise from the field at night, and, with ; the drum at ' their head; march onward to their native land. And truly the poor French drummer looked , as if he had: risen- from the grave. He was a.mere . .shadow in a dirty, ragged cape, a dead, yellow,- face, with a great moustache hanging sadly over rthe shrivelled lips. ''His eyes were like burnt- out coals, with' hardly a spark still living ; — yet by one of these sparks I recognised 'M. Le" Grand,! the: old drummer I had known as a boy. i . He know me, too, and drew me down upon the grass ; and there we sat as we used to do in the old times when he taught me Frenoh "arid modern history on the drum. It vims the "same old driiiri, arid I could riot. but wonder how he had saved it from the greed nf the Russians. He began toi driim in his old way, with out speaking 8 word. But though his lips were pressed sadly together, his eyes spoke all the more plainly, as they sparkled with triumph, while he drummed .the old marohes. The poplars near by treiribled as ho rattled out ' March of the Red GuiUotine.' As of old; he drummed the struggle fbr liberty, th'e battles,. the deeds of the emperor; arid it seemed as if the drum were a lining creature, rejoicing to utter its inward delight. Once more T: heard the canon's roar, the whistle of the ballets, the orash of battle ; I saw the Guards brave in death, I saw the waving flags, I saw the emperor on his horse. But a sad tone crept into the joyous' notes, the dram-heats gave forth cries wherin the wildest trinmph and the deepest woe were strangely mingled. " It was _ a triumphal march and a. dead march in one. Le Grand's eyes stared like, a ghost's, and I saw in them a great white field of snow Btrewn with corpses. It was the Battle of Moscow. ; ' I would- never have' believed that the stiff bid drum could give such melancholy cries as M. Le Grand riow drew from it. It was like drumming tears, and' .-riow they sounded lower and lower, and sighs came from Le Grand's hosoiri. like sad echoes. _He grew weaker and riipre ghost-like ; his hands shook with cold; he- sat as in a . dream, drumming in the air and listening to the far-off voices. And then at last he. turned' on me a deep, deep, imploring look. I under stood him. Ana then his head fell forward upon bis drum. M.-Le Grand never drummed again in this world, rior did his drum ever give out another sound. ' Never should it serve an enemy of liberty to beat a-slavish tattoo. I had under stood Le Grand's last imploring look ; I drew my dagger and thrust it through the head of the drum. 