A VICTIM OF TWINS. [By C. M. Thompson.] Mr. and Mrs. Prescott stood on the piazza at the side of their cottage by the 6en- watch ing the twins. Standing with their backs to their parents, these young gentlemen were proudly regarding a gigantic backinet at the end of their tennis court. Directly behind the net was a small grove of scrubby pines, which in the twilight showed merely as an irregular blotch of black. Dressed alike in suits of white flannel the twins appeared against this in bold relief, like white silhouettes. The back-stop which the twins were so proudly regarding was, to tell the truth, rather shaky. They had somewhere found an old fish net, which they bad nailed to two poles. So ? ?', much of the work had been easy ; but the task ? \ of setting the poles upright in the ground had ?% been long and difficult. ? -: When the uprights were finally planted, and - their bases abundantly bolstered with rocks, ; they appeared desirous to fall into each other's % arms, like long-lost brothers. A tennis ball ^ driven swiftly and accurately into the centre 'M of the net would undoubtedly have brought --i them together. But the twins thought their ~ work perfect. S Mr. Prescott casually noticed that one of the v) boys had his bauds in his pockets. -;; 'Tell him,' said he to his wife, 'to take ;fi his hands out of his pockets.' ? j| ' Is it Max or Mort ?'' asked the mother. ;^ ' Oh, I don't know !' said her husband. | 'Neither do I,' returned his wife. They =; both laughed a little. , . , '1 'Why did you let them get those ridiculous :| white suits f asked Mr. Proscott. 'In that Jb dress it is impossible to tell them apart.' j| 'They've got on different colored neckties, |i said his wife,- , . ?3 'Well, ask them to turground.' . ;j; ' O boys !' called Mrs:*Trescott. — :| The twins turned with precision, and facedt ;| their parents expectantly. The one on the left :| wore a blue, the one on the right a red scarf. /.$ The one on the right was Mort, the one on tha . -| left was Max. ?! 'Morton,' said his mother, 'take you* ;M hands from your Buckets !' V| Max tittered as Mort sheepishly obeyed. * 'M Then both came forward. M 'Boys,' continued their mother, ' your }|f father and I are going to drive over to the '?% Blakes' this evening. Maggie is going out too. Do you think you can go to Ded quietly at the proper time?' ' Yes'm,' said Max. *'Of course,' said Mart. A few minutes later, as Bhe and her husband ?were driving out of the yard, Mrs. Prescott caught sight of the servant leaving the house. 'Be sure and be in by 10, Maggie,' she called, 'Mr. Prescott and I will not return till late.' ' Yis, mum,' said Maggie. At the moment, a lank pedestrian was walk ing lazily along the road. By a -certain added Bejf-consciousness in his gait a close observer might have guessed that the brief dialogue was not without its interest for him. This was Styggles, a man whom an uncharitable father had without remorse christened Hodijah. His father, Hodijah said, had taken a mean advantage of his youth. 'I've hearu,' he added,- of . men with an elephant on their lianda, and I guess they was sorter em barrassed ; but I'm the only man I know of 'whose father made him a birthday present of two (Elephants. Seein* I've got to drive them two elephants — one of 'em Hodijah and t'other Styggles— tandem all my life I guess I may be excused f'm doing anything else, ez the work is wearin'.' Consequently Hodijah was the most com pletely shiftless man in the not far distant village where lie lived. When he could not avoid it he did odd jobs about -town ; but for the most part lie loafed. _On this particular evening Hodijah was on his way to join some cronies who were going out in a boat ostensibly to fish. Until Mr. and Mrs. Prescott had driven by him he walked as if on his ' way to the bedside of a dying friend. Then he began to loiter as if it \- had suddenly occurred to him that his friend's name was Methuselah, And as he loitered, he thought. '' 'That ere city chap that jest drove by,' he said to himself, ' was a mighty slick- lookin' feller. Guess they bant been sutferin' much up where he lives fur a meal of victuals. Haint £t all they've got, most likely. Got so much on hand prob'ly they have to feed cold roast chicken and mince-pie t' th' pigs ev'ry mornin'. fVouldn't be surprised a mite if that was so. 'Why, my soul and body, it's a sin and ehame,' his thoughts went after some wander ing ; ' there aint no sense in pampering pigs no sich a fashion nohow. I guess 'twould be doin' no harm if I sh'd kinder git ahead of that feller's pigs. 'Taint likely they'd keer; not havin' no partie'lar pref rence for roast chicken, bo far as I knows on. I guess that city feller'd jifit as lives feed 'em on plain swill, jest for once. It 'ud be a pity forthem pigs to have dispepsy, and I ain't goin' to all&v; it nuthor ]' concluded Hodijah, in a warm glow of philanthropy as he thrust an enterprising leg over the fence. As be landed on the other side he gave a startled 'Ugh!' Then he laughed. The ? laugh came when he discovered that the white thing -he had stepped on was nothing more harmful than a piece of linen, blown probably ?from the ProBOotta' clothes line. 'I guess there aint nothing white that wouldntscareme all ter flinders in the dark,' lie' reflected. 'They do Bay there aint no sich m thing as ghosts nohow. Mebby there aint. There aint likely to be none in this here orchard anyhow. Ghosts aint constituted right for eating apples — not accordin' towhat I'vehearn tell, though per cont'ry, green apples isn't likely to do 'em much hurt nuther. Anyhow, I'll resk it,' So saying, Hodijah elunk in among the trees of the Prescott orchard, there to await the proper moment for his contemplated attack upon the Prescott pantry. The twins, like the good boys they were, went to bed at the liour of nine. Once in. bed, however, they thought it no 6in to enjoy a vigorous if brief pillow-fight. Then they lay quietly for a little while ; but presently Max rolled over and whispered in Mort's ear : ' 'I'm awfully hungry. ' ' So'm I,' said Mort. ? 'There's pie in the pantry,' whispered Max. 'Go get it,' said Mort. ' No — you get it,' said Max. 'No, j'ou get it,' whispered Mort, 'I got it last time.' Max, considering the argument valid, slipped out of bed, and encouraged by the softly spoken 'Good for you !' of his brother, began feeling his cautious way downstairs. It was intensely dark. Max, however, knowing the location of every article of furni ture in it, made his way quickly without noise or accident to the door of the kitchen. Here he began groping for the knob ; but grasped instead something rough and woolly. The. next instant he received a blow upon his head which first made him see a dozen rockets bursting in air, and then have the sickening sensation of failing down, down, down. Then he lost consciousness. ' Hodijah had given the blow. Pie in hand, he had started to leave the kitchen as Max had started to enter. Frightened by the sudden hand laid upon his coat, he had dropped his plunder and struck out fiercely in the dark. The blow, the result of a blind instinct of self-protection, had knocked Max senseless to the floor. With the oppressive stillness that followed the noise of his unseen enemy's fall, a new terror entered the heart of Hodijah and held it still. Was he whom he had Btruck down in the dark, dead? Hodijah did not dare to stir. He felt himself held fast in the impalpable grip of that horror which walketh in darkness. Then an overpowering curiosity invaded him to look upon the face of his victim. He felt it rise in his heart and spread itself through his rigid body until it fairly trembled in his finger tips. Dominated by this morbid desire, and wholly against his will, he began to. fumble in bis pockets for a match. While he himself was filled with an insane hope that no match was there, this curiosity, like the alien will of a mesmerist, forced him to feel in one pocket after another until at last the match was found ; and its will, not his, compelled him to strike the match and turn terrified eyes toward the face upon the floor. It was the face of a young boy — and it was white and beautiful. In the brief space, during which the match flamed up, every line of that still face was burned into Hodijalrs memory as if with a brand. In a second more wild remorse filled his heart, mingled with fear. He arose and fled. He had entered the house by one of the long casement windows which opened from the sitting-room upon the piazza at the side. To reach the sitting-room he must pass through the front halL Thither consequently he rushed, care less now what noisorhe made. With an increase of panic he perceived that a soft light pervaded the hall. Casting his eyes upwards he saw a eight which froze his blood. There, on the landing at the' elbow of the stairway, stood the double of him who lay white and still in the room beyond. One hand of the figure rested lightly on the etair rail, the other held aloft a small caudle, the pale light of which dwelt mysteriously in the folds of the long white robe that fell in straight lines from the youthful shoulders, gave strange glints of gold to the auburn hair that crowned the head like an aureole, and caused the dark eyes to shine with a brilliancy that seemed supernatural. Indeed, under the soft flame of the candle Mort looked the angel of light which his mother thought him— sometimes. To the pitiable scamp, a prey to superstitious terror below, he was a visitor from another world, whose beauty made him the more appalling. Hodijah, in fact, found meeting a ghost as discomposing as his fondest fancyhad painted. He felt cold about the roots of his hair ; his spine seemed ice, his blood a glacial stream. | He had no strength in his knees. His eyes bulged out. His feet seemed fastened as with rivets to the floor, and he trembled. The two stood there a moment gazing at each other. Naturally, Mort was the first to recover his 6olf-possession. For him the en counter held little that was terrifying. He was not, indeed, quite sure that what he saw before him was a gawky fellow who seemed badly scared, though in the dim light it seemed to be. Anyway, if the intruder was frightened, he reflected sagely, why should he himself be? So to make suro, he put out one white foot, and with questioning eyes stepped down one stair. The movement was too much for Hodijah. With a gurgled yell he sprang into the sitting room, crashed through the window, cleared the piazza at a bound and sped toward the grove of pines at the rear of the house. Mort, stopping to comprehend no more than that the enemy was in full flight, uttered a whooo of victory. ' Come on, Max, come on !' he shouted, and plunged after the flying Hodijah. The candle went out. Mort flung it away. His long nightgown bothered him, but like a racer who girds up his loins, he gathered it about him and away.! so excited lie scarce knew what he was doing. Certainly in this moment he was an odd figure of a ghoBt. The frightened Hodijah ran wildly on. Once he looked over his shoulder. There behind him followed the white figure, and seemed to his heated imagination fairly to fly over the ground. Indeed, Mort was close upon bis heels. . With the energy of despjur Hodijah re doubled his pace and ran for his life; where he cared not, until — ugh ! what clinging horror -was this in which he felt himself tripped and j fallen and hideously emeshed, as in some ex aggerated spider's web ? Mort saw the burglar crash headlong into the tennis b«ack-net — then poles, net, man, all came in onp confused heap to earth. Whoop ing an Indian Mort circled about the sprawl ing and kicking man ; then he darted upon him as a spider darts upon a fly, and in three seconds more had him so thoroughly wrapped up and enveloped in the net that escape was impossible. Finally, to make assurance doubly sure, be sat down— a solid ghost ! — pluinply on Hodi jah's neck. From this novel resting-place, to an accompaniment of gasps and gurgles from beneath, he began hallooing to his brother. 'Come on, Max,' he called, 'I've got him !' Max, on recovering consciousness, was at first decidedly dazed. He did not know what had happened to him. He felt that the floor was hard and that his head ached ; all else was a blank. For a minute he lay quiet. Then, feeling a little stronger, he raised himself upon his knees. In doing so, his hand came in contact with the pie which Hodijah in his fright had dropped. At this be began to remember. He had come downstairs after pie — yes, '.hat was it — and had fallen, or run into something hard. Then it occurred to him that his brother must be growing impatient, and he got up to go to | him, pie in hand. As he did so he heard Mort shouting outside the house, and, full of sur prise, he made bis way to the piazza. There he dimly made out a white figure sitting on a heap of something dark, and heard his brother's voice calling — ' Come on, Max ! Help me hold this burglar.' The wcrd ' burglar' cured Max at once of all his pains. In his excitement he no longer took count of so small an ill as a headache. 'I'm coming!' he shouted. 'Fm coming !' 'Sit on his legs and stop his kicking,' said Mort, breathlessly, when his brother arrived. 'There, that's it! He's all right now, 1 1 yes. Just think, Max, we've caught a burglar ! I guess father won't laugh at us | any more now. My ! won't he be sur prised ? I wish I had that pie, just the same !' ' I've got it,' said Max ; and the boys began munching the pie, Beated tranquilly on Hodijah's back. As they ate, the boys talked. 'I'd iike to know where you've been all the time, Max ' said Movt. 'Why, I ran into a door, or something, and it just laid me flat. I didn't hear anything till you called. Say, where'd you find the burglar? Was he in our room? My, if I'd seen him !' ''Twa'n't in the room,' said Mort. 'I heard you tumble, but didn't think anything of it. Then you didn't come back, and I was afraid you were eating all the pie. And I met the burglar in the halL You bet he was scared, ' though !' Hodijah, who had been lying still for a few moments, collecting his scattered senses, now spoke. 'Be you fellers both alive J' he asked, doubtfully. '?? Wel!- I ?Iatherguess wo are !' said Mort. Wai,' said Hodijah, 'I'm mighty glad on ' it— you kin bet your bottom dollar on that without much resk, now I tell ye.' He heaved a sigh of unutterable relief. 'What does he mean ?' said Max to Mort. ' I m sure I don't know !' said Mort. ' How comes it that you two fellers look so consarnedly alike ?' asked Hodijah after a pause. ' We're twins !' said Max. 4i 'Oh, ye be, be ye?' muttered Mr. Styggles. (Say,! lie resumed after a moment's thought, 'ye needn't be off'rin' mo none of that pie, cause I don't want none.' Soon the moon, which rose late that evening, flooded the grounds with pale light. Mr. and Mrs. Prescott, driving into the yard, saw the two white figures in the tennis-court. ' Mercy on us !' said their mother. 'Boys,' said their father sharply, ' what _ areyou two doing there in your nightgowns ?' 'Sitting on a burglar!' cried Max and Mort. — Boston Youth's Companion. 