THE MUTINY OF THE MARLOWE. ' Grandpa,' said Ralph Irons, as he looked up from a book of Bailor yarns that he had been reading, ' were you ever in a. mutiny V The old weathern-beaten bead nodded assent. Down went Ralph's book. ' Oh, grandpa, please tell me about it,' the boy exclaimed, eagerly, ' for your stories are always better than printed ones; besides, they are a great deal more interesting, because they are true. ' ' Von deserve to hear tbe story, lad,' said Captain Nelson, with a pleased smile. *' if only to repay you for your compliment ; so here goes. 'One July morning, when your mother was a slip of a girl, I was hurried on board a West Indian bound steamer and sent to the island of Jamacia to bring back to London, via New York, a Bchooner belonging to onr honae that had lost, the captain and entire crew with yellow fever a. few weeks before while lying in harbour after discharging cargo. 'The Marlowe was a very old -fashioned vessel, and bad been built for a naval service, bat had been sold and converted into a merchant schooner; and a clnmsy old hoi she was, with high sides, apple bow, and a square stern, in which the original ports had been «J lowed to remain. 'On my arrival at Kingston I foand it impossible to obtain a whi'e crew, and even the better class of negro seamen in the port declined to ship on a fever-stricken vessel, &o; for a week I tried in vain to man the Marlowe. At last I ran across a mulatto who commanded a miserable little half-decked schooner that cruised around tbe islands in a small trading way, and who offered to find me a crew for the trip, provided I would give him the position of mate and pay bi-» passage back to Jamaica. This I agreed to do, and two days liter I set sail for New York with the most villainous-looking gang of blacks ou board that I ever saw. ' Before we had been twenty-four hoar? i.t sea tbe trouble commenced. The crow were .lazy, dirty, and insolent, and gave me to understand by t he way ia which I hey responded to orders that they pmpnwri to run the ship. From the start I a as obliged to ose forceful measures with the men to maintain discipline, and once I told ihc mute, who was a horn pirate, that if he valued I. in yellow skin he would iimi. u-n.-k when I Hpoke to bim, and would keep his impudent tongue hove to. He gave me an ngly look, and after that spent all his rime forward with the men. *' Well, matters went on from bad to worse for more than a week, bnt still no serious out break had occurred. We had carried a fine breeze of wind right along since leaving port, and by my noon observation on the tenth day out I made the Marlowe to be in 40 degrees north latitude, and in 73 degrees wesL longi tude, therefore I was only about sirtv miles cast and south of Sandy Hook, and had the wind not died away to a calm just after the eon crossed the meridian, I would have counted upon being at anchor by nightfall. 'All that afternoon we broiled under an fog shut us in. Not caring to keep the light eafls on the schooner during the night, I sang out to the mate, who was sitting on the fore-batch, to get in the flying jib, and to lower the main topmast stay -sail. The crew went about the work in a surly way, mutter ing one to the other, and after lowering the sails they left tbe stay-s&il; bunched ou tbe main-hatch, and slovenly passed a gasket around the flying-jib ; then they reseated themselves, with the mate in their midst. My blood boiled. I jumped from tfae poop deck, and made mv way forward until I stood before the mate, who had risen at my approach. ' ? Have that flying-jib properly stowed, and send rone men aft to make up tbe stay sail !' I ordered. 44 'The flying-jib is stowed,' said the mate. '?That was too much for me. I made o, quick grab at the mutinous scoundrel, turned head, aud pitched -him down through the open forecastle hatch. When I turned to enforce my orders I saw two of tbe negroes lying out to stow the flying-jib, while the remainder of the crew were running aft to the stay-saiL ' About an hour after this a faint air, just south, but the fog remained as dense as ever. Twelve o'clock bad just been struck, when one of the men called to me from forward, saying that there was something that looked like a vessel ou the port bow. I quickly rrade my way to whe^e the lookout was standing, and, the better to see, I stood on the bulwark-rail holding with my left hand to the forward Bhrond. Seeing nothing, I slewed round to step down on deck, when tchiz went something past my ear, and I received such a staggering blow on my shoulder that my body swung outboard, my grasped relived, and as I pitched bead fore most into the sea I caught a glimpse of the mate Btaudinc bv the shroud. ' As I rose to the surface I felt myself being drawn in along the counter of tbe vessel, and the next instant my head struck against one of the rudder- chains, which I grasped. Just over me a shadow projected, which I realised to be the open shutter of one of the Bquare after-ports- I got one leg over i he chain, then steadying myself againBt the rudder-post, I reached up, seized tbe edge of tbe shutter, and putting out all my strength, I lifted myself on the wooden ledge. After listening a moment to make sure that no one was within the cabin, I crawled through the port, and passed into the hold through tbe trap- door ia the steward s Btore-room. Knowing that tbe crew believed that they had been successful in sending me to the bottom of the Atlantic, I determined to remain where I was an til I could mature some plan to escape from my would-be murderers. 'Several hoars after I had entered tfae hold a good breeze commenced to blow, as I could tell by the motion of vessel and the sound of water rushing past the sides. Af er a time I heard a voice hailing on deck ; then the vessel's progress was checked, and some tiling bumped up against the schooner's side, after which orders were given in a strange voice, and the Marlowe's way was resumed. With a thrill of joy I realised that a pilot had come on board. Hastily making my way ont of tbe hold, I mounted the aftercompanion way stairs, and appeared ou deck just in time to hear my treasure of a mate explaining to the pilot that the captain bad accidentally fallen overboard and been drowned the night before. When he saw me the mate uttered a shriek of terror and fled forward, believing that I was a ghost. I gave the pilot tbe story in a few words. ' That »iternoon, when the Marlowe sailed into the harbour of New York, flying from her main topmast-head & signal signifying that there was mutiny on board, I had the pleasure and satisfaction of seeing my precious crew heavily ironed aud carried off on a United States revenue- cotter that had hurried along side.' 