MEMS ABOUT MUMMERS. The Brisbane Courier, writing of "Ma Mie Rosette," says that Miss May Pollard has greatly improved both as an actress and as a singer. In November next the opera " Mari tana " will be fifty years old. Pollard's Liliputian Company have added " La Fille de Tambour Major " to their repertoire. Allan Hamilton has gone insolvent. His Circus and Water Pantomime gave up the ghost on Saturday week. The Esty-Marsh Concert Company are giving farewell operatic concerts in the Sydney Centenary Hall. Vocalists —Miss Esty, Mr. Marsh, Miss Ida Osborne, and Mr. Robert Cunningham. Miss Athena Claudius has made a hit in her performance in " Youth " at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney. Mr. J. A. Gardner, the well-known young violinist, has opened a School of Music at Salisbury Buildings, King William Street. Mr. Gardner began his musical career by leading an operatic orchestra at the age of 16. He has since occupied a similar position with the " Morocco Bound," "Gaiety," "Cinderella," "Royal Comic Opera," and other companies, and has gained encomiums from Leon Caron, Granville Bantock, Ovid Musin, and Madame Camilla Urso. As a com poser Mr. Gardner has evinced rare merit, and his " Ave Maria " sung at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral by Madame Caron evoked the warmest approval both on the part of the press and the public. Several others of his compositions will shortly be published. When Lady Kintore was at Government House the young violinist, at her invitation, appeared before her, and gave an exhibition of his musical skill, which so greatly pleased Lady Kintore that she pre sented him with an album containing photographs of herself, and her family, and many of her friends, together with views of the mansions of the Keith Falconer family. Mr. Gardner's school is now open, and he.should meet with much success. " Roy " writes : — " The Everard boys (5), Fauikners (3), and Archer brothers (4) were in the past frequently the subjects of eulogistic notices from the two dailies for their excellent anthem and solo singing at the Cathedral, but rarely, if ever, have Christ Church solo choristers had a pat on their back. This should be remedied, as the North Adelaide church has boasted of as many sweet boy singers at St. Peter's, and at present there's a clever thirteen-year old in the choir who, with very little training, would rank as the equal of Arthur Everard at his best. The lad is Master Bobbie Jones, son of our local Commercial Bank Manager, and only that it would have been very much de trap to have done so, the large congregation in Christ Church on Sunday evening last would have encored his sweetly sung anthem solo, which was only too short. The little fellow sings expressively, yefc .clearly and naturally, for straining after effect is a thing as yet unknown to him, and which his mentor, Organist Packer, should be careful to discourage." Cissy Loftus (Mrs. Justin McCarthy)! has been doing a lively " tom-tit" dance in the musical comedy, "An Artist's Model," produced in London in June. Letty Lind taught Miss Cissy the dance, so the latter's imita tion of the steps should be genuine enough. The Music Hall managers have now refused to allow Miss Loftus to reproduce any of the songs being sung by their artists, as her mimicry business is being carried too far, and star artists are beginning to object. Billy Elton opens in the Criterion Theatre, Sydney, in "The Guv'nor," next Saturday. It is to be hoped that he will meet with better patron-1 age than was accorded him in Ade laide. Elton has been down on his luck ever since he left Australia to go to the old country. His experiences in England were not fortunate, and when he brought "Morocco Bound" to Australia, accepting a low salary and a percentage of profits, he found that the piece was a frost, and that there were no profits to divide. Since then he has visited all the capitals, and it is about time that the wheel of fortune turned in the right direction. Elton made a mistake in leaving the Comic Opera Company. The public, always ungrateful, have practically forgotten him, and Lauri now is king. John Leete denies the statement that he intends to bring one of Harry Rickard's companies to Adelaide. The last experience at the Royal was not enticing enough. Sarah Bernhardt doesn't think much of Duse's Camille. " Between our selves," she says, " if you must have the truth, I thought her a little bourgeoise for the part." Speed, Delohery, Craydon, Holland, Slade Murray, C. R. Jones, and T. C. Callagban, playing recently at Hudson's Bijou, are now at the Empire, Sydney. * Mr. W. Knick, the stage manager of the Adelaide Harmonie Society, has had copies of the drawings of costumes for "The Grand Duchess" which he received from Germany executed, and they have been remark-' ably well done by Mr. Kasper. The Harmonie Society have fully made up their minds to eclipse last year's pro duction of " Madame Angot." The dresses will be particularly handsome, and the dancing promises to be ex ceptionally good. Billiard Champion Roberts has visited India eleven times, the Cape twice, Australia three times, New Zealand twice, and America once. He has been down all the famous mines in the world, including the De Beers, the Broken Hill, and the Dutch Langlaagte at Johannesburg. The B. & B. Company will be in Adelaide with a fine repertoire at the end of the month. New pieces are " An Ideal Husband," " A Woman of No Importance," "The Masque rades," "John a' Dreams," "The Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith," and a number of others. 