God Chastenetli in Love. Bt T.tTg Bey. C. H. Sfubceox. fa fhp man Thnq rfrMfAnasfc, O 1/jri, and teachest him out of Thy law. teat Xhcumayest give him rest from the days ot ad versity until the pit be digged for the niched; lor the Lord Jehovah will not cast off his people. Trfn Be forsake his inheritance. Bat Sudsmenfc shall return unto righteousness, and There are times when the wicked seem to have it all their own way. This is called the realm of justice, bat we are not stand ing now before the judgment seat. God permits things for a while to be in con fusion. They who are highest with Him are often lowest with men, and those for whom He has no regard seem to heap op the treasures of the world till their eyes stand out with fatness and they have more than heart can wish. Let no child of God be astonished at this. It has : often been so. It has been the great enigma of the world. Children of God have sat down and looked into it, bat it has been a great pit to look in. They have sighed over it, hat their sighs have not altered it. So it is that often the wicked triumph, and the servants of iniquity delight them selves in the high places of the earth. The righteous need * not wonder that they suffer bow, for it has been the lot of God's people all along; and there have been certain times in human history when God has seemed to be altogether dead to the sufferings of His people. Too remember the martyr age and the days . when, the Covenanters were hunted on the mountains like the partridge. Ton must not wonder if the easy places are not yours and if the hard sentinel duties should fall to your lot. It is so; God has ordained it and so it*mast be. To-night, to comfort any here who have begun to worry themselves because things do Bot go with them as they desire, I have selected fins text, and I pray the Holy Ghost to use it in a comforting way. 1\. first, I should ask yon to notice that God's children are under tuition. Other children may run about and take holidays, go into the woods, gather flowers, and do very much what they like, but God's own children have to go to school. It is a great privilege; but they do not always think so. Children are not always good judges of what is beet for themselves. Ko doubt we would like to play the truant' too. * We should be very glad to put up our school books and quit the school-house and go out ourselves* and -wander ,at our own sweet wills. Our Hcavenlv Father will not have it so, because we are His children, and therefore He will have us pray and wait that high destiny which comes to us hy-and-by. JTote how this tuition is described. The very first part of it is chastening-—*'Blessed is the man whom Thou chastenest and teachestas if the chastening were the primary part. of teaching—as it it occupied so large a share of it that it was put • first. '/ > Our teaches us to set no store on worldly things. ~ We easily acquire the things we possess,. It.is a veiy difficult* thiag to handle gold without its adhcriig 1* your fingers, and when' it' g^ts into' Hie pure it news much grace to preveht" its getting into the heart. Even children can soon grew into idols, and our wealth and our comfort may make us forget God. I never knew afflic tion make us do that. But when the gourds are taken away the am shines on us. How often has. God. shaken all the leaves off our treoyand then we have seen the heavens which we had not seea before I By hying this and losing that^ we are made to feel how unsubstantial are the things of this world: that all. the things . we possess perish with the using, and are such temporary fleet ing Joys that we cannot hope to fill our hearts with them. Ho we not also learn by affliction our own frailty and our own impatience ? We are won derfully patient when we have nothing to suffer; we are all great heroes when there is no fighting to be done. Stretch some men on a bed of sickness for a week or two and see whether they would be able to hector at the rate they do now! O yes, we find how \- great our weakness is when the rhastcning hand of- God is made to fall thick and heavy. Ho we not then learn the value of prayer r I mid to this friend. "Do you not pray more under affliction than before?" "Ob, yes," be said, "I greut you thai trials give new life to prayer." Do we era- pray in such dead earnest as when everything teems to be amWny from undfu* our feet, when our sweetest cups are'foil of bitterness? Then we turn to God and cay, "Show me wherefore Thou con* tendest with me." I do not think we pray with half the mrnesmess in onr prosperity as we do in our adversity. But I might talk on far ever about the sweet uses of adversity. Many of you know by ex perience that chastening is a great way of in structing us, -t*id ifsuy want most experi mental and best .wgnnimancf with the word of God, they must look to those who know the furnace and its burring heat. Artrl if you notice, dear friends, the rod is not without the Word. I call jour attention to that "Blessed is the man •whom Thon chasteneth and teachest htm out of Thy- law. "The rod and the booh go together. The rod rises to the booh, the book explains the rod. We must have them both if we would'grow. The Word of God is our school booh—our primer—and when we get advanced in grace it will be our highest blessing. When wo are chastened we look to it for comfort: we torn over its pages to find a passage that fits our case and ministers to our necessity. Have not you found it 60? When things go very easy, the Word has seemed a dead letter to you; but when the waves are up, the spray is over you, you are wetted through and through, and fear that the deep will swallow you up. then tou look to the words of God; and when their inexpressible sweetness comes to your heart, then yon can indeed fed that God has taught you out of word how the two things go together—" Whom Thou chastenest and teachest out of Thy law." 0 Lord, go on with the law if Thou wilt go on teaching us, for we are slow to learn. According to our text, God himself is the teacher. He is not satisfied with giving ns the book and smiting us to call our attention to it, but He Himself teacheth us. Was there over a teacher so foil of wisdom, a teacher who understood his duties so well, a teacher so altogether m? t of the arts of tuition? Was there ever a teacher so efficient—so able to apply his lessons to the heart itself—so full of power to give understanding, as well as to make the thing dear to the understanding when it is given? Happy people who have God to be their teacher! Happy children, though when the school-bell rings yon are half inclined to stay away with other children who do not be long to Him1 Yes, happy are you if your days are spent in occasional whippings, and your lessons so badly done that they bring the rod upon you. " Happy 2s the man whom Thou chastenest and teachest him out of Thy law." 2\. We have had God's children under tuition. Now let us eee them when they are so far educated. He has chastened them and taught than for this purpose * that He may give them " rest from the days of adversity on til .the pit he digged for the wicked." What! chastened to give us rest? It breaks our rest I Yes, I know it seems to do so, but in very troth this is the way in which God gives rest to His people. Our wTl is very stubborn, and when we are chastened at first we kick like a bullock unaccustomed to the yoke. But by degrees we fed that we must bear the yoke. We then go a little farther and fed. we ought to bear it. By-and-by the yoke begms to fit our neck; we come even to love it. I. have often had to notice the Lord's tender ness to man in the time of need, for He gives him peace when nobody else does. This very day there came to the door to see me an officer of the Italian Army, of considerable rank, and he spoke in very good English, but I cannot tell you all he said. ."Wby&ould; yon come to see mer" I asked him.* He spoke of xne as if I were a great man, I assured him he was greatly mistaken, for I was nothing of the kind; and when we walked along, he mid, You are the greatest man in all the world to me. I was a Catholic, and a bad Catholic too, and I did not know anything about the Lord, and was rapidly becoming an infidel, when £ met with a sermon of yours iu Italy which brought me liberty and peace; and," he said, "I must come and tell you about it." And then he quite cheered my heart by letting me see how much he knew about the Lord. 3\. Then our third point is this: God's children are still dear to Him. Notice that the text says, "The Lord wfil not cast off His people, neither will He forsake "His in heritance." He will not cast off His people. Sometimes you are cast down, but you are never cast off. "Others cast you off, but the Lord will not cast off His people. Sometimes you are cast into the furnace. Yes, you may be cast into the furnace but not cast off. Metal put into the fornace is not thrown away; had it been thrown away it would have been left on the heap with the slag; but as you are put into the furnace and with the greatest heat that can be made it is that He may take away your dross. The Lord will not cast off His people- Lay hold of that to-night. The devil has casts-off, but God has no casts-off. Sometimes He takes the deviTs castaways and makes, them to be His own, and when He has done so once they are Hh people, and die Lord will not cast off His people. And then it is added, " Neither wQh He forsake His inheritance." He knows them to be his inheritance. He has bought them as inheritance; He loves thezn as His inheritance, and He will never forsake them as each. 4\. This is the fourth point: God's people will be right in the ena. " Judgment shall return onto righteousness, <mi^ all the upright in heart shall follow it" Judgment has gone away just now, but there is a reason for it Judgment has gone away that it may try the faith of God's people. It does not to-day strike down the profane nor slay die hypocrite. •Judgment has gone out of the world for a while, though it watcheth and recordeth all \- things; but' we may trust an absent Saviour, -for he willeth not the death of any, but that they will tun to Him and live. Judg ment hath gone up to the throne for awhile, until the wicied shall have worRed out the fulness of their sin—until the pit be digged for the tricked. Do not he in a harry, child Of God; God has timed Bis absence and judg ment. Ton shall hear the trumpet soon; yon shall hear the sound of* that telling you that the Day of Assize has come and the judge has come to tight all things, to punish all iniquity, to reward all virtue. Judgment shall return, we cannot tell how long it lingers but it will come. Christ will come. He shall judge the earth in righteousness. Well, when He comes all the upright in heart shall follow it. All the people of God in glorious procession shall follow it as they receive the u Well done, good and faithful servants "— following it as they wear their crowns—nay, cast them at the foot of the throne. Saints will follow it, going with the chariots of judgment from their concealment shining forth as the Son in the kingdom of their Father. They shall come from the places where slanderers banished them and show their faces again, and God shall be glorified in theai. Now you that love the Lord, be not in a hurry for all this. Leave your cases in the dear hands of Htm that will jodgo ngbteonslj ere long. 