IN CRIB-TIME—HANNAN'S. "Three months of tbieand I'll lie like n rake," I said, putting on my coat. 1 Lad ]>eeu striking all the morning in nn illveutilated shaft, aud bad lieeii perspiring profusely. " Give up working for wages, aud come out prospectin' wid we/' said Mat, " and I'll fatten yer up loike a man wid a syndicate." " Fatten we prospect ! Wb.it on !• Eice, dried apples, bar coo, and a perish once a week." "And water, me son," said Mat, calmly, as lie struggled with the damper, " And water, for it's what you dhriuk makes flesh, not wlrnt ye ate. Did oi niver tell yiz what hapi>ened to me and Cockney whiii we were prospectin' below Billy Billy." He had not, eo I asked him to now. " Well then, bear in nioind there's water and water—though it's poor stuff at its beet. There's this condiuscil poison, which is only cold slitmiie wid a dash of salt in it for flavour. Then there's water out av a tap, wliicli some misguided divils fancies is dhrinkahle ; hut best av all, there's soak-water, which is the only comfort the AJwoigbty left in W.A. whin he cursed it. For it's the condinsed water that pulls ye down, ine son, and it just shows you what water is whin coiidins!ng takes the strength from it—wboile whiskey is refoined, aud— " " Come to the yarn, Mat, and open that tin of meat. What, is it—steak and onious ?" " It's labelled Beef and Potatoes, but it resiinbles putty and sawdust. Well, as 1 was say in', Cockney and 1 was out yonder wid six months' tucker, and we got on a gully wid small patches of foine gold, which we worked for some eight weeks. There was rocks to the south-west, and in sinking wc found plinty nv water thrickling through the rotten granite—foine water, wid a thick whoite sediment that made us think we had milk in our tay. But one day a qusvre thing happened. I had been onwell for some toime wid a pain in uic intayrior and a scarcity uv breath. I was bending over iue sieve whin all av a sudden Homethiug wint snap. " Holy Margaret," sez I, " I've burst a blood-vessel," and I waited for me collapse. But, me son. it wasn't a blood-vessel but my belt. I had grown fat widout noticing it, and the belt had l>een thrying to restraiu me oxhuberant proportions. I took off me shirt— which I hadn't done for over three months—and bedad there was rowls of fat standing out all over me, that I hardly recognised me ould carcase. You see, being on gold a man has no time to look at hjiuself, and I had grown loike an alderman widout knowing it. But I wasn't going to have that divil av a Cockney laughing at uic. 4 "Shtxip," sez I to him; 1 you're worse than mo," and ho was. For I suw a little rouud ball av a man coming out av his clothes loike a Christmas duff out av its cloth, and I expinded nil my breath wid laughin'. We stood there liakid, laughin' at wan another for half an hour, whoile our shirts stood up l>esoide us, stiff as cardbouvd, wid the dust and the sweat nv three months' dhry-blowing. " Race ye for a uioile," sez I. 4 4 It's the water," sez he. 1 It's the loinie and iron and potash in that soak- water." We remimljered how our appetites hud 1»een growing, and how quickly we were going through our tucker. " I'll have a wash," sez Cockney. 4 What for sez I. " Can't you wait till Sunday V" But he always was a masher, so 1 allowed him to waste half a pannikin. And, by dad, whin his face emerged from the red dust that covered it, I hardly knew hiui—his cheeks were all pink and whoite, and, barring his beard, no three-year old ever looked fresher. " 1 wonder if oi'm loike that, Hand me the lavatory," sez I, and I took the pannikin. 4 1 Old man," sez Cockney, "you're ten years younger. All your wrinkles are filled out, and there ain't a crow's-nest visible. It's wonderful water." 4 1 It's wonderful muddy water," sez I, correcting him. " But we're a pair av mousthrosities, all the same, Cockney." Well, we wint on dhrinking that water, and gettiu' more and more outrageously fat, aud we each av us developed a enore that brought the crows cawing round ns before daybreak, to know what the divil it meant. At last our tucker was done, aud the day before we started for Coolgardie I seed Cockney cutting four poles. " I'm going to peg out that soak," sez he. 4 4 4 What the ructions for," sez I. 1 There's no reef there." 4 1 Something letter. The regulations provide for mineral leases. I'm going to see if I can't take up a lease for mineral water. Wot price the Great Westraliaa Flesh and Blood Producer. I'll li&ve; your portrait on every liottle, Mat—before aud after taking." It was a mad idea, but Cockney pegged out the soak, and stuck his notices, and all that noight he talked av fortunes made out av pateut medicines. We started next morning, and about midday fell in with a mob of blacks, and I got down to ask them where water was, for Cockney wanted to keep what was iu the bags to have it analysed and float his patent medicine company ou. But whin I asked an ould one-eyed blaggard where 44 gabby " was, the villain swelled himself out, and pointing to where my lower waistcoat buttons would have !>een if I wore one, he actually had the audaciousness to laugh at me. Then the whole mob did the same, laughing and jabljeriug aud swelling out themseives. But whin an impudent slut av a gin stretched out her arms as though she would embrace me, and scramed some* thing which tlie.v all took up, I felt more disgusted than ever I'd ln.'cn in my loifc. 4 "Coineon. Cockney," so7. I, 4 I'm not going to made n laughin' stock by the ugliest women in creation," and we trotted off and left them vcllin' insults licliind us. "I say, Mat." sez Cockney, "if we're so funny to niggers what'll it be like when wo ride up Bailey street r" That was a covundhrum. 4 1 Cockney" sez 1, "after tbim black gins I wouldn't ride into Coolgardie by dayloight for hundred ounces. What o procession we'd make, you aud me, wid our protrul>erances bursting over our saddles, wboi we'd cause a bigger rush than Loug Mick's slug." "They'd think we'd l>een prospectiu' a restaurant," sez Cockney. So we thried to think av the liest way av creeping in widout excitiug too much glory, but that noight at ten I was taken bad —rale mortal bad. I was doubled up to my knees wid pain, and presently Cockney was taken bad too. He was wor*e than me, and prayed me to shoot him. It was poisoning by tinned meat we thought, and at last we broke up camp, trying to got iu tn Coolgardie us quick us we could. Day broke as we came by the bore, and, like a pair of ghosts, we tumbled out nv our s.iddles at a tent marked Doctor Something or other, and routed him up for something to slop the pain that was clawing our vitals. 4 4 Have ye any of that, water wid yo he, when he asked us what we'd been atiug uud dhrinkiug, and I told him about the sunk.' 4 4 'Old "ard," says Cocknoy, rousing liimself at this from where he was lying doubled up on the Doctor's tucker-box. "It's me pegged out that soak, and don't you try to jump it ; it's my discovery. I'll get Gnv'ment to build a railway, and we'll have hotels an>l lodging-houses, and till the skinny people will come there to net fat and •'' " One moment," sez the Doctor. "This i* a specimen from the soak :" for Cockney had brought chips av all the rocks " Yes; the water comes through that, and it's a natural tonic, Doctor, and it's mine." " I'll tell you what it is," said the Doctor. " It's decomposed arsenical pyrites, and you're both sutloring from arsenical poisoning, because you've left oil' taking it. Swallow this at once." And we did uud muj'h more, and the Doctor swallowed most av our gold lieforo we got thp poison out av our systems. <i. To the k< Champion*,"-- I am pleased to see that the proposed union of the Shorthand "Writers' and Typists' Associalions has been Accomplished. Singly, neither Association was effective. An illustration of the degree to which a strong association is required. My brother, a boy fourteen years old, applied for a situation as office-boy in the ofllcc of a firm of solicitors, and on calling was informed by one of the partners tlmt they required a boy who had matriculated, was a fair shorthand writer and, if possible, typist us well. To such a one his firm was willing to pay seven shillings and sixpence per week. My brother, who possessed two of the qualification!* mentioned, did not secure the place— by uiy advice. I see that the forthcoming number nf the Champion is to be enlarged and to cost threepence. I wish the clmnge were a permanent one.—L.S.W. [On enquirv it appears that the solicitors referred to above arc Messrs. Meudkll and Cameron, from whom we should he glad to have a contradiction or an explanation— En.] Frederick Engels left his library and £1000 to Messrs. Heiiel and Singer, two of the leaders of Socialism in Germany. The books, which filled twenty cascB, were 6cnt from London, but were seized by the German Customs House officials for some technical infringement of Customs Law. Messrs. 13euel and Singer had to appeal to the Supreme Court before they got possession. In a letter written shortly before his death, Kngels wrote to Bebel, informing him of the legacy, aud added, " When you get the money, see that it does not get into the hands of the Prussians. When you sit down to discuss the best means of utilising it, drink a bottle of good wine to my memory." Sound advice in order to get a sound decision. The case of the boy Walled, convicted at the General Sessions of stealing a sheep's carcase from the Richmond Ice House, of the value of 4s., is another shocking example of the flagrant and utterly hopeless stupidity of our honorarium magistracy and the system of law they lual-adminieter. Walleb was found guilty by the Richmond Uench and should have received a slight sentence and a well administered caution ; instead of which the H.M's. reinaudcd him for trial at the Criminal Court. This necessitated a judge with his six attendant policemen, two warders, a crier, clerk, Crown prosecutor, two clerks, defending counsel, another clerk and 12 jurymen. The trial lasted t^p davfi, cost this bleeding country nothing short of £50, and developed the incipient criminality of the boy. All this over a 4s. carcase. Comment may not be needless, but it ccrtainly seems futile. A day spent in the Criminal Court will convince any man with his head clear and his eyes watchful, that the present system of empanelling juries is a disgusting travesty of justice unworthy of even the squalid and contaminated female who holds the scales of l^aw for this province. The clerk of the court calls out the names of the men summoned to act as jurors and as they file past eounsel for the accused scrutinizes them. Every man who looks at all intelligent or cleanly bred is "challenged " by the aroused at a signal from his counsel. The Crown prosecutor sometime* challenges, but the aggregate result is that the twelve good men and true are the twelve prize fatheads of the bunch. Then the clerk swears them, with the assurance that the prisoner is to be tried before his God and his country, and that they, the jurors are hia "country." After which the disgusting farce proceeds. The saddest thing is, that nobody is shocked into protesting. Tn succeeding issues will appear at intervals a series of articles by Mr. K. W. 3,. French, the well-known surgeon-dentist, of 28 Collins-street. These will not only be of interest to dental students but they will give information that will be of use to the general reader. Scientists who peer into the fut ure foretell a race of men which will be bald, nearly blind and almost tooth- Jess. However that may be, it is certain that the present generation is suffering even more than it fully understauds from diseased teeth and their consequences. Mr. French's contributions will aim at removing the ignorance which is mainly auswera.ble for one class of evils that afllict civilized num. Many admirers of the late Richard Proctor, particularly those who remember his lectures here, will welcome the collection of papers just issued bv Messrs- Longman. It is entitled Pleasant irai/s in Science, and the name is a happy one. The writer's versatile miud and wide range of culture is seen in the variety of subjects treated. Polar exploration, the phonograph, sun spots, man and hiB cousin the monkey are all discoursed about in an easy cursive style. Proctor was a man who never thought himself above his work, and when he undertook to popularise any branch of science he gave of his best to the task. He gives a sly poke to those learned authors who will use technical terms and unfamiliar measurements, setting their readers a little sum in reduction on every page. Would that the hint were likewise taken by those penmen who persist in setting a little exercisc in translation every other line. The Political Committee of the &.D.F. is desirous of seeing some definite organization in certain of the the electorates, at present misrepresented by Conservatives, with a view of contesting the seats at the next general election. Anything like deecnt organization is impossible, if only attempted during the two or three weeks preceding a contest, nor cau any general propaganda work or adequate discussion of the more burning questious of the hour be accomplished within the same limited and busy period. The Political Committee of the S.D.F. is willing to assist to the extent of its power, and does not make a st?<e qu'i hoh of the programme of the S.D.F. It simply wishes the more advanced thinkers of all shades to unite iu securing more advanced representation. The committee suggests as specimen electorates, where something should be done, those of the Eastern Suburbs, East and West Bourkc, Albert Park, and East Melbourne.' There are others, of course, but the convener of the Committee will be glad to receive communications from dissatisfied electors in any of these divisions with a view to some organised action. Every Westralian town will soon have its Yoshiwari. Japanese women are swarming westwards, and plying the most ancient of all professions for all it is worth. Gcraldton, out of a population of 000, has 200 Chinamen, 53 Japs., and 22 Afghans. It will soon be a case of " The Australian must go! " 