POINTS— PERSONAL AND POLITICAL. Sin Henry Parker Is forming a " Federal Party." It is to be a combination of dllletantes— of theso mon In colonial politics who are to saoriflco tho pressing dally needs of tho oolony to tho phantasy of Australian Unity. Thore are men, no doabt, who thiols it Is posstblo that a stato of society, iinh ma la nlotnrMl in I mblnn Renl >n_ 1 » utoiilil bo m pleasant a tho Satnroian golden age. They hope to too it, and In their own way are trying to establish It. Bat they aro striving for tho unattainable. Mon ore patenting every second week flying machine. Other are again wasting their euorgy In the exploration after perpetual motion, flow many thousand, within the memory of thii generation, have after long pursuit of ehimera dropped by the wayside, faint and broken-hearted. Those who are oow chasing the " wandering firo" of Federation know not how far off le the goal. It may, like the will-o'-tho-wisp, look wltbtQ measurable distance, but the closer one gets the further it is off. Forty years ago, Qavan Duffy believed Federation within tho domain of prautical politics. Other oolonla) states men then thought that a fow yeara at tho most ould witness its consummation, To go only a few years baolr. In 1890, Sir Henry Parkos believed that Federation would Immediately follow tho Sydnoy Convention. Bveryone koows it it further off now than it was then. And, probably, it h a good thing for overy colony in Australia. Federation when it oomes — and that will be when thepeoplo understand and ask for it — will need not the trumpeting of cert-tin politicians. When the oooasioo is ripe, it will become a popular aspiration, and until then it is a simplo waste of time and energy attempting to boom it, Mr. Held waa right in refusing to allow the fiscal question to wait upon Federation. Sir Henry sahordimted ' Freo Trade to Federation, with the result that Sir George Dibbs "soeaked in ProteotioD," | There le no doubt that the fear that some of the ' reconstructed Victorian Btoka would not be able to meet their engagements has hid so nethlog to do with the stringency of the New South Wales money market. Binkera have kept a curb roin on, anil that they properly forecasted, ovonts now happening aro evidenco. The direotors of one bank are endeavouring to arraogo with their Scotch depositors to take less then 4J per sent. They say they cannot earn it. Aoother institution —the t olooiitl Bank of Australia— has obtained leave from the Victorian Supreme Court to oall a meeting of creditors to have their scheme of arrangement modified in certain particulars. The affidavit of the general manager set out that in consequence of the great fill in the prices of all kinds of produce, and the contioned snritkage in tho values of real estate, it has been difficult to realise securities, and tho bank would therefore, in hit opiuion, require a further extension of time within which to pay off its deferred deposit receipts, other than those provided for in tho proposed new sohemo of compromise. Tho current rate on fixed deposits for 12 months now being paid by the banks of issue in Viatoria was 3 par cent., and owing to tho enormous reduction of its busiuess tho btiuk was, in his opiuion, unablo to pay moro than 2J por coat, on its deferred deposit receipts. This is all very good as iar as it gocs. bat will the bank, after getting givn equal conceseions to its debtors UrSunnoalnir a man who borrowed £20,000 from thl ta„k when tho price of produce was higher, nncE '7 or g per cent for It, asked that nwiog to A. shrinkage tho internet might be reduced to 5 poifconti woufd the bank agree to hie request 1 It is l0 i,. fe.rod that the reply wuubl be a threat to fat..!,,.. Yot what is sauce to tho bsok should IA, ,auc8 t0 it, debtor. I "Rolf Botdrowood"— Mr. T. A. bLw„0_ |,al resigned from the Civil Service. Ho tu„ _i„»n „„ hie P.M.-ohip at Albory, and inrT'j, t" |B futnro devote hlm.olf to writing bo/t, E„„ii,h publi, hers will now toko almost snytl ft' them. His "Robbery under Arms" w&ssogreut; a success that even " A Sydney Side F -Li n Sphinx of Eaglehawk" wore aot Ppted. Mr. Browoo is remembered in these parti 'an(1 h|, old friends will be delighted to hear « t »,jB further rucceases in tbe world of letters. Tl iey hope that eroloog.omethlug ovon better than/h(, h,.t bonk \- A Modern Reformer "—will pr/OT8ll ,nm hi, Prn' % »y- ;'»;y ""< b«/miiitere.tlog to state that most of "Robbery Arms" was written io the police magistral of th, old court house, in Macquarie-strV Dubbo, Corti William Beresford, who was recently married to the Duoheas of Marlborough— widow of tho wicked duke— waa In Sydney a few years ago. He has, like most of tbe "mad Beres- fords" led a rather lively life. Though only 46 years of ago, he has had his collar bono cracked eight times, had his nose broken in a hoy's fight at Eton, four or five concussions of the bruiu, and a hundred smaller luxuries in the way of sprains aod bruises He won the Victoria Cross while serving with the 9ih Lincert— the regiment to whloh in 1807 ho was gazetted. His wife whoa she married (he Duke of Marlborough was the widow of an American millionaire, one Hammeraley. 3o Lord William ie her third husband. The Melbourne Cup entries nnmber 140, and already betting on this— the bendlnap par exoel- lenoe of Australia— has already oommenced. The horse hacked for over £1000 are Taranaki, Atlas, The Harvester, Raeaalf, Quiver, Trentina, Dreamland, and Bub Ray at 1000 to 10 to 1000 to 30\. Doubles for the two Cups were laid at 1000 to 2, while for the treble 2000 to 1. A friend has suggested that the hestdoulde to Invest In la Devon for the Caulfield aod The Harvester for the Mel bourne Cup, They have a ghost up Singleton way. The manifestations aro, if the reports published be correct, much more sensational than those of the far famed Coalbaggie ghost. The Singleton wanderer from spirit land only shows up at night and aoc'iinpanied by an illumination. The Coalbaggie spook only showed himself one one occasion, when he took the form of the " big mouse." If he loesu't go oue batter than the Singleton fellow be had better retire from the business. Mr. Eddy evidently does not Intend that his name shall he bandied about In Parliament. He has informed the Premier as muoh, and this Is probably tho reason why Mr. Reid has not proceeded with the Bill for tho -increase of his salary. All sorts of rninour have been current daring tho past few days. One io to tbe effect that mr. rwy nas ueeu engaged to manage ino Victorian railways at £8000 a year another states that the Mikado of Japan wants him to boss the railways of that Empiro ; while a third says that ho bus boon offered a very responsible position by a English Company. The general opinion, how over, is thut ho will nut again come to New South Wales. Tho colony willhe tho loser. The will of Joseph Clarke, son of millionaire Clarke, and brother of Sir William Clarko, hoe just been proved iu Victoria. The testator died on tho )7th January, 1895, his will being dated 19th February, 1889. The real estate in Victoria is valued at £44,800, und tho personal at £132,000. He leaves au annuity of £2000 to his wife, Caroline Clarke. He leaves the whole of his property in Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia to hi oldest sou, WUllam J ha Turner Clarko, und his property In Tasmania and Now Zealand to his other soo, Lewis Alexander Clarke. The last named son having died since the will was drawn, by a codicil dated 14th May, 1894, the testator leaven the property which would have gooe to Lswie A'exaudor, under the terms of the will, to his eldest son, William John Turner Clarke. As the property ir. New Zealand and Tas mania I twloe as muoh as that possessed in Viotoria, the heir may be said, to quote a Yankee phrase, to i>a " well heeled." 