THE PIRATE TEN A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "The Golden Hope," "A Sea Queen," "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Frozen Pirate," "The Death Ship," " The Good Ship Mohock," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. * All rights reserved.] Chapter XIX.—{Continued). Mr. Masters, passing out of the cuddy hv way of the quarter-deck, gained the poop and stood at the lee rail clasping a backstay, with his gaze fastened upon the magnificent lights shaking and feathering under the sun astern. Da- venire caught sight of him, but pursued his dignified walk to and fro without giving him ) heed. They were singing a jolly song .in the cuddy, a rattling good song with a hurricane chorus for a dogwatch in the north-east trades outward1 bound with a shipload'of home-siclc hearts. Masters did not seem to hear the chorus, yet it should have fitted his mood. The'two lines the most distinctly roared out were :— ■ ■ Then cheer up, Sani, don't let your spirits go down, There's many a gell that X know well who's waiting for you in the town. - On a sudden Davenire, breaking into a grant of a laugh as though, some fancy bred of the song had tickled him, crossed the deck. " Our find this morning don't seem to have giyen you much soul, Sam," said he. "The chaps want to sing you into sweeter spirits. Why do you bother yourself and us about the women in-the boats? You don't kill this sort of cattle with paper knives do you ?" "I'm all right. What's wrong with me ? I was glad enough this morning. One can't keep one's jollity fixed as though it was a weathercockyou can nail, " said Masters, fold ing.his arms and turning his back upon the sea to lean against the rail. • Davenire thrust his immense hands into his breeches pockets and listened to the singing with a half smile and a face crimsoned by the light. . '. "Since Shannon didn't walk in his sleep," continued Masters, "what on earth was his object in going to the flying jibboom end and howling there? On the very eve of the attempt—it might have been death to us." "He answered you below," replied Dave nire, looking at him without turning his head and speaking deep with sudden sullenness. "He said he wanted to clear the after deck—what for?" "What a fool you are?" exclaimed Davenire, stiffening his figure and looking Masters full in the face. '' What' do you mean by that ?" said Masters, letting his arms fall. The big man grinned a grin that quickly vanished.'- The bright light lay dull upon the wine-glazein his eye, but he was by no manner of means tips}'. "There's something happened," said Masters, speaking steadily. Unhappy _man ! his brains..were fossilised by years of liquor; there was nothing in an afternoon's drench of champagne to stagger 1dm; '' which Burn and I, of sill 'the fellows, know nothing about. I insist on my rights as one of you. What's this secret?" • "Ah"! 1 what?" rejoined Devenire, with a slow exasperating'smile. He was too big and dangerous a man for the light frame of Masters to meddle with and he knew it whilst he sneered. .■■■< - "Does it concern Miss Mansel?" Masters asked. " Dash it, go below and ask Caldwell for the story. He hasn't got my tenderness of con science and memory," answered Davenire, swaying with uncertainty upon the heave of the plank and often with his hands buried in his breeches pockets inclining towards Masters as though he would fall upon him. "It was understood that there was to be no foul play, nothing murderous, you know," said the young'fellow, speaking with a (pale face, ' 'in this plundering job. If you mean to tell me——" " "What?" exclaimed the other,_pulling his hands from his pockets and folding, his im mense arms upon his table-land of chest. " Was bliss Mansell made away with by any of you ?'!. .. The rousing'chorus of "Cheer up, Sam," swept through the skylights and died out over the sea in the wind. "What' right have you to question me in this fashion, pray?" said Davenire, with a dull flash in; the glaze of his eye like a signal of lightning and storm in a hot corner of heaven. " Whatever _ happens' benefited you,' anyhow —left you with a free conscience and the privi lege of finding your share of the booty without any rust of blood upon it: Hey! Ain't that enough for you ?" He rolled his big form as though he was going to throw himself into a fighting posture. "Did Caldwell do it V " Go and ask him, you " But whatever the ugly word was to have been Davenire swallowed it down, contented himself with lookingit, and strolled off to windward with a haughty gait of conscious booziness. Then, launching aft, he planted himself alongside William, on legs wide apart, and seemed to listen to the singing in the cuddy. Masters watched him ; , presently he walked to the foremost skylight and looked down at the fellows sitting at the table ; his face was deadly white with passion, but it was not fear. The first man his eyes fell upon sitting imme diately under the open frame was Mr. Dike Caldwell. They were singing some other chorus just then, and Caldwell, with' ivine reddened'eyes lifted to the skylight, and red lips stretching and gaping as he sang, was keeping time to the air with an empty glass. When he'saw Masters looldngdown he nudged Weston and both stared up, continuing to sing andt grinning. Masters walked to the com panion hatch. " Bouse some of those chaps up, will you ?" shouted Davenire from the wheel. "They'll be getting drunk and lying helpless in the cabin.' Tell them the breeze is freshening. You can't send champagne bottles aloft to furl royals." ' . Masters heard without heeding and entered the cuddy. Trollope was in the act of rising. When he saw Masters he exclaimed— " Here's Sampson with a face as cheerful as a skull.": " A death's head for this table," called out Shannon, in a voice broken, by falsetto notes— "'Tis time we should be reminded of our mortality." "What do you want with me that you stare like that?" said Caldwell, looking up at Masters,, who had walked to his side. Then turning to Weston he said ,very audibly, "Has he gbne mad ?" "It was understood," said Masters, in a voice 30 strained as to be a pain to the ear with its tension of nerve and stretch of passion, "when we engaged in this adventure that there was to be no bloodshed. Caldwell, you murdered a.girl. Burn," lie almost shrieked, "I have found it out from Davenire; that's the secret; the rest of'em know it* This villain murdered a poor helpless girl.'' In silence Caldwell sprang to his feet and lurching back aimed a- blow at Masters; the heavy fist caught the young fellow on the side of the head and knocked him with a stupid look on his white face against a cabin bulk head. But for the swing of the ship at the instant of that blow it would have been fair between the eyes and a crusher. ' "None of that; not amongst gentlemen; not in this time of luck," yelled Trollope, seeing'Masters pull off his coat. "There's wine in this. Sleep over it. Turn in, Masters, You're no match for that man whose soul in wrath is a fiend's. Turn in." 1 Breathing hard and fast, with a look of hellish mahce in his scowling black face, Cald well _ was waiting to^plant a second blow— Waiting till the other had freed his arms. The rest, seeing what was to happen, sprang from their seats and, clamorous with wine and good intentions, tumbled between the two. "This isn't the Highway, Dike!" shouted Cavendish. • " Clear out, Masters, and cool your blood at the head pump !" bawled Shannon. "If it's to be business between you let us remember' that we are gentlemen!" said Hankey. " Isn't he a little particular for a man who left his knife in a baker's body at Ballarat and forgot to call for it?' roared Davenire in thunder through the skylight. _ " Ho was in love with the girl," said Burn, heavily elbowing Caldwell against the table to keep him off his friend. " You can't fight in this way. He's no match for you, Dike—d'ye know that, that you keep all on squaring ? He'll give you satisfaction—hey, Sam ?—we re all men of honor." j " I'll fight him with. my fists—I'll fight him .with handspikes—with pistols—I'll kill that savage beast with any weapon he chooses to ;name," screamed. Masters, whose ear was bleeding. •. . This was a sudden tragic reality; it struck , into the fumes in the men's brains and cleared them as a blast of wind shoots smoke from a room. '' Who says Sam was in love with the girl ?" exclaimed Captain Trollope. " He didn't know her before we sailed and he may have spoken to her twice since." "He mustn't call names," said Hanlcey, looking darkly through his coal-blaok bristling, whiskers at Masters. "Savage beast is, tall language north or south." " A savage murderous beast," cried Masters, " to throw a defenceless girl overboard—you black-hearted dastard ! I say, you fellows, think of it; a young girl helpless, in the grip of that ruffian—d'ye see the pic ture, you fellows—Shannon there howling at the jibboom end to make a clear deck for this murderer." "I say, Trollope," exclaimed Caldwell, grinding the words out of his swollen throat through his teeth, " I'll not kill this mannildn with my hands; it shall have a chance, I'll shoot it." "There were two in the. job," roared Davenire in the skylight. "I was t'other, Sampson." • "You shall answer for it, you butcher, when I've done with him," answered Masters, levelling his fist at Caldwell. .Davenire, framed to the waist by the sky light, swayed, hands on his hips, with a sudden roar, as if he would split his sides. "I suppose it must be as you say, Cald well," exclaimed Trollope, eyeing Masters with a face of cold contemptuous pity. "Masters, turn in, man, and sleep it off," cried Shannon. Making no answer, Masters stepped straight into Iris cabin, the door of which . he shut be hind him. Shannon laughed, imagining that the young fellow meant to carry out his re commendation. Some of the others stared at one another a little oddly and blankly. Cald well stood by the table, leaning upon it, breath ing heavily. He looked up at Davenire and exclaimed-— "What does the whelp want to bully me for? It was done for the general good—for his good therefore. What was _ the woman to him ? Or is the whining idiot tired of his life?" Just when he spoke those words Masters emerged from his cabin. He may or he may not have heard the speech of the gloomy black-browed man.' He grasped his revolver, a portly weapon of six barrels, and swinging those sinister muzzles depressed to the deck, he said to Caldwell in a cold voice and with a pale but .steady face, "I am ready for you whenever and wherever you please." " Oh !" said Caldwell, with a violent start, while a distinct tinge of green sifted into the color of his cheeks. "If you are ready and want Trollope, I'll leave you to make the arrangements whilst I go and load." He entered his berth. Those who watched him did not observe that he exhibited that steadiness, of air which they might have ex pected at such a moment in a man of so de termined and fierce a character as Dike Caldwell. "They must have it out on the poop," said Trollope to Shannon and the others generally. "But I say, Masters, what d'ye want to go shooting around on a sudden like this for? What happened was an unholy, horrible obli gation, I admit, but it had to be done. Not every man would accept such a burthen of memory. Icertainlywouldn'tshoot the friendly hand that's helped us to this issue." "I will, though," said Masters, quietly making his answer more emphatic with an oath, " and if he doesnot do for me I'll do for" Aimhe cried with a wild stare up at Davenire. "Good God ! man, was there ever a more un manly murder? Don't you see how the de-1, mons managed it ? They dragged the poor girl from her bed. Did you throttle her?" said he, looking up at the skylight. "I admire the uses you put your strength to," he added with a scorn beyond words in his worn, faded, yet handsomo face. Davenire withdrew his huge shape in silence and silence also fell upon the rest of the men till Caldwell appeared. He had taken as long a time again as the other in loading his weapon, a piece exactly after the-pattern of Masters' ; when you pulled the trigger the barrels re volved"and for. convenience and_ precision it was about as good to take aim with as one of those memorable blunderbusses which Hankey had committed to the deep. "Where's it to be, Trollope?" said he in a low . voice, , hanging his head, which obliged him to lift his eyes to the tall man lie addressed, so making the full countenance _ repulsive by undue exposure of what the lids were ever wary to conceal. Such a slow sullen dusky, eye as it was! like a drop of ink'ripon red blotting 'paper, with all sorts of fed veins radiating from-the pupils. Those oye3 might have incarnated'his memory. They had the very look of scores of inhuman, out of the way, brutal desperate experiences. "Better fight it out on the poop since it must be," said:Trollope, speaking with irrita tion as though. to a sudden prompting of dis gust. "Twelve, paces, I suppose? Signal, a falling handkerchief. Where shall I find a piece of chalk?"• . That was quickly got from under the break of the "poop where, the .-black- log'hoard was kept ana the whole body of the men mounted the steps, .every.manjhute. . "It-seems a thousand pities,", burst out Burn, affected^ by the [glorious sunshine and the noble inspiriting wind/into which he had stepped, " for two of our., lot to start shooting like this now that' we're through 'with the job." . - . . Masters glanced "at him with a determined eye, but held his peace. , _ Trollope ruled a line with chalk and walked twelve paces from it along the weather deck, then stooping ruled off at his toe, and so the two fellows had their ground-ready.- Davenire towered beside the skylight, looking on -with a grim fed face. The others: broke into little knots, not choosing perhaps to mass them selves as though they had assembled to 'wit ness an execution. The splendor, of the after moon was now upon .the barque's quarter, so that the one who faced aft must be at an enor mous disadvantage ;" this ' had not been con sidered, nor was it perceived till .Trollope placed the men. But before/'the'b objection could be remedied by a shifts of ground .Wil liam at the wheel called out— "Are you two gents a-going to let them pis tols ofir ' "Yes," said Trollope. "Are you afraid of noise?" " Somebody catch hold of this wheel," said William. "I never shipped for no blooming target."' There was a dull sound of laughter when it was perceived that William stood as good a chance of being shot by the man looking aft as his opponent. ' : "Wemust chalk for you on the quarter deck," said Trollope, > "the light's altogether unfair up here." " ': They went down the weather poop ladder, Masters leading, Caldwell closing the file. Trollope measured.. twelve , paces in the lee gangway. - This was the . best place for the proposed murder; the elevation of the cuddy front protected the sight from the great glare on the quarter;;.,there,was .shelter here too from the wind, for the flash of it under the main trysail (main trysails were then carried) cleared the rail above the head and left a. sort of gentle eddyings such as you get under the lee of a parapet even-when it blows great guns. ... j Just at this time the head/and shoulders of | Harry showed themselves in .the forescuttle. He stared like a ghost, one eye'bound up, the other flaming amazement. - What was going on he wondered ? He counted ten men and two of them had pistols. They were in the lee gangway," where they bury the men at sea. By Peter!•' lie thought, T believe they are afraid of'being caught and -hanged; and- tivo oVn' IVli-kv-rr + K<-» nflvrnio' • Yr»a-'vmf. > fin^ are'going.to.blow the- others' brains^out and then execute themselves. What- will.-they ^do with , ma?, What'1 with-William?'''^He"stared rigid with alarm, a mutilated* biutVpf'\a'.''iriahi concealed to, his armpits in; that 'forescuttle... '[How many shots?" said^Burn,'-standing beside Masters whenThe men had been placed. "As many as 'will'kill that scab," said Cald well obliged by the constriction of the muscles of his jaws to hiss the words. " Oh, no, we don't want any massacre here," exclaimed Shannon, who was looking on with an uneasy face. "I vote for one shot only. If this miss let them shake hands." 1 "Stand aside, Alec," said Caldwell, motion ing Burn away with his pistol. The spectators of this duel grouped them selves upon the main hatch clear of the most distracted aim, as you may suppose ; Trollope pullqd out a white handkerchief and held it UP- ' " Are you ready ?" Said he. "Ready," said both men in one breath. Masters turned his handsome decayed face up with an instant's look of appeal, of adora tion even, then his eyes went to his opponent; Ac in that pause stood rounded in the back like' a cat stretching itself; he was hunched with savage resolution. The spirit, of murder was in his scowl; in his gaze, in the set of his lips. You feared foul play as you watched. , Would he anticipate the fall of the handkerchief by one second . of time in justification of .his looks? The'foam was simmering softly as if swirled from the bow like one white arm,of a swimmer, and ran in the brilliance of sunshine itself to the wake. .How distinct was that shrewd song of salt in the deep silence that was upon the men, now that Trollope, looking from one man to the other, held up his handkerchief ! AH sorts of birds seemed to be singing "in the rigging, from' the shivering trills of the lark high up on the trucks down to deepening wood-notes of piping in topmast. and .lower shrouds where tne wind was splitting. The handkerchief dropped from.the hand of Trollope; the revolvers blazed in the same instant; the combined noise of those old fashioned. pieces was louder than the report of a four-pounder.' Masters sprang backwards, exploding a second charge right into the deck, then let fall his pistol. He made a flourish with his hand to his heart, looked round to Burn with a smile, and fell on his face. Caldwell, hunched, stood unhurt.. "Is he dead?" Baid Davenire anxiously. Burn tenderly turned him over. The young fellow groaned twice and with that second groan expired. "Youplugged him with a barbarous fine aim, seeing what sort of ground it is," said Trollope to Caldwell, as he knelt by the dead man, " Look here." He put' his fingers in a hole in the cloth exactly over the heart. 