CATHOLIC NOTES- Miss Diana Vaughan, once of sinister fame, the recent seceder from " Lucifer worship," has not yet been received, as somewhere reported, into the Church. She has, however, sent 200 francs to the Archconfraternity of Our Lady of Victories, to be used on behalf of poor pilgrims to Lourdes who are members of the Confraternity, and whose prayers she asks for. Much importance (according to the " Figaro ") seems to be attached to this lady's proceedings, for Monslgnor Lazaareschi, who represents the Holy See at the Anti- Freemasqnic Congress of Italy, has celebrated a Triduum of thanksgiving at the Gesfi "for the graces vouchsafed to Miss Vaughan." At the close of the Plenary Synod it was reported that Monsignor Verdon, who has been Rector of St. Patrick's College, Manly, since its foundation, would leave for Rome next year. We understand (says the " Freeman's Journal") that the Monsignor is officially to represent the Australian Church in the centre of Christendom. Hitherto the president of the Irish College, Rome, has unofficially acted as "the friend at court" for the Australasian Hierarchy. In England there are now three high commands held by Catholic Naval officers, viz.. Superintendent of Portsmouth Yard (Admiral Fane), Channel Squadron (Admiral Lord W. Kerr), and Superintendent of Chatham Dockyard (Rear-Admiral Andoe, C.B.). It is with deep regret that we announce) (slays the " Tablet" of 2nd November) the death-of tbe Rev. William Wilson, priest of the diocese of Birmingham, which a few days ago took place suddenly at his mother's residence. Upper Park-road, Haverstock Hill. Fr. Wilson was a convert, and' was ordained at the same time as Mgr. Walter Croke Robinson. wlw>. we understand, was a ck»e personal friend of his. A fact which lends pathos to his death is that his mother, who for vears was a confirmed invalid, expired just two days before her son. Mother and sofl lay dead at the same time in their residence at Upper Park-road. It is thought that the shock occasioned by the death of his mother hastened thai On the day prior to his ^ ^ ^Vil^n^celebrated Mass in his private chapel. , „ , Few people (says " United Ireland > know that the original enclosed the remains of the liberator during the transit from Genoa to toeland is not in Glasnevin. The coffin was changed when the tomb was constructed in May, 1867, and a new cmk case for tbe shell substituted. The original Genoa coffin is at present in the studio of Mr. John Early. >-« 1 Camden-street Messrs. Early ana Powell were contractors for the tomb and tbe old coffin was given Into their charge by Mr. John O'Connell. of Den-mane. It has since remained in Camden-street and has been religiously preserved by the late Mr. Enrly ana the present Mr. John Body. The lid. which is of cedar, bus been cut by order of Mr. O'Connell, of Derrynane, ana fff»mi made out of It for the writ of the ew«eflwsaMe Clare c^iecttqo. On the coast of Merionethshire, near Harlech, on the seaward side of a bed of submerged peat stretches in a southwesterly direction a long causeway of stone, called Sara Badrig. the causeway of St Patrick., which is traditionally believed to hate been "used by St Patrick on his embarkation to Ireland." The vitality of this tradition, though the place iu question has been for many centuries under water, and can only be examined at extremely low tides, testifies, as so much else in North Wales and North-west England, to the deep impression made on his fellowcountrymen by the vocation and career of tbe Apostle of Ireland. The Catholic movement in Germany, judging from its Preas, is, according to the "Printer's Register," making continued progress. In 1880 the number of Catholic journals was 124; in 1890 it was 269; it is now 305. In these few years tike daily papers have nearly doubled, being now 109 against 60, tbe original number. In Prussia they have more than doubled, being 61 against 27. The Rhenish provinces and Westphalia •lone count 143 journals. It is proposed that, those engaged in Catholic journalism should celebrate next January " the third centenary of St. Francis of Sales, tbe first Catholic journalist." The first day of the legal term, in accordance with ancient custom (says the " Tablet"), a votive Maes of the Holy Ghost was celebrated in the quaint old seventeenth-century church of St. Anselm and St. Cecilia, Lincoln's Inn Fields, for the benefit of the Catholic members of both branches of the legal profession. This Mass, the Messe rouge of Continental Catholic countries, has of late years become one of the features of the commencement of the legal year. The function is a simple one, lasting only half an honr, but the music and singing by which it is accompanied renders it extremely attractive. The following is a telegram, under date Auckland, 18th November:—"Archbishop Redwood is expected in Auckland shortly for the purpose of meeting the local clergymen in connection with the appointment of a Becond Catholic prelate for the diocese, Bishop Luck being in delicate health." The cause assigned for the appointment of a Coadjutor-Bishop is one that will be generally regretted. The "Freeman's Journal," Dublin, eites yet another testimony, and that of the highest medical authority, to the efficiency of nuns as nurses. Dr. George Plunkett 0 Farrell, Inspector of Lunatics, recently paid a visit <Sf inspection to die Longford Workhouse, and we find in the summary of his_ report, the following passage:—" In the Lohjfford Workhouse all the patients got a liberal workbouBe dietary, and the condition'of ihe inmates showed the care with which tbrf sisters supervised the pauper attendants in the dischuge of their duties." 