Pimpler's Mangle. (by a practical ibon-mouluke j Oar profession is nothing like it used to be. What . with public woshfiouses and steam laundries, and people scrubbing their clothes at home for fear of catchiog the influenza or something else if they send them out, I declare to you that honest mangling is a poor living for a bard-working woman. Folks are that particular and independent there is no pleasing them. When I first Btarted in the business with mother we expected the clothes to be brought to as; but now, if we don't take the tronble to fetch them — and nothing extra for your leg wear and shoe leather, mind yon — off they whisk tlie lot to one of those places where they mangle tbe stuff by machinery, and what they can't rub out they will drive. Ah, there's nothing like a pair of honest Brm6 to do justice to a sheet or a counterpane, and two waters will my dear mother give every piece, no matter if ebe has to Btay rip all night to do it. Because we take' home the goods in a barrow, and can't drive up to the- door with a cleaner's van, of coarse we are treated as if we were dirt, aod the im pudence of them young fellows who work in the City, and lives in the top parts of lodging-houses, is past belief. Only a few weeks ago I took two-and- sixpence worth -of 'smalls' that we bad washed and ironed down to a woman we. have acted well by fur years. What happened ! My "young man lodger,' says she to mother, I tell's- me he can't wear bis collars V ' What's the master with 'em,' says mother, ' p'raps his neck's swelled, or his chin ain't high enough np to suit 'em.' ' Not at all,' says the proud, thing, quite short, you've' pirt too mnch blue in 'erii.' ' What odds is that !' replies -mother, who will always stand np for her rights if abe has to die in the workhouse for it, 'ain't the boatrace coming off! It'll save him the price of a favour, and he'll be able to afford a bit o' -meat with his Innch, which he cao well do with, by the looks of him.' And then she throws orir money at us, and says with her nose in'the air as how she means to send her things to the Penitentiaiy in future, being cheaper, and to use ber own words, 'the pillow slips not lookinjg as if they were sides of ham, smoked up a chimney.' 'Which it's very little ham yon ever have for breakfa-t ' says mother, ' and nobody cao accuse me of furnishing a lodging-house on borrowed money.' So she slams tbe door in our faces, and we loses our custom arter a seventeen years' connection. And that is the way civil-spoken, -hard-working people are oppressed because they will not be treated as beasts of the field. The more I see of them laundry-vans with the blue-pointed panels the more 1 bates the eight of 'em, though never partial to vans, preferring an omnibus even up to Hampstead, which is very refreshing -and. quiet, especially on a Bank Holiday. ' Live and let live ' is my motto, and I have no patience with tbe mean parties that buy a mangle for three or four pounds and keep the bread out of honest folks' months by eating it them selves. Nobody can accuse as of being overpaid. I remember the time we could earn threepence a dozen for tbe large and the small, all in together, but now i they grumble if yon ask twopence, and, if they pay you that, mostly throw in table-cloths and countetxtanes. And as for washing — blern your hearts, half of 'em don't know .what it means ; so after they have a quarter wrung the clothes and dried them in a sooty back yard, they expect ns, not only to mangle 'em as flat as Salisbury Plain, bnt to make 'em look as white as the Marble Arch. My sheets was all of a crinkle,' says one ; and ' £ think you must have mangled my husband's flannel shirt with a hay-fork,' saya another — that sancy and impndent that yon feel tempted to smother 'em with their own stockings. Mother often says how sorry she feels I did not go in for the drama when younger, haviog had a beautiful opening offered me at a respectable music-hall with a commission on the sale of pro grammes and nothing to do daring tbe I day except for three or four hours in the evening. Washing, mangling, and clear-starching might beprofitablc, mother thinks, on the deserts of Africa, though I have doubts myself, through hearing that they were not very nice about costumes there, and tbe savages £ see at shows the most dirty vagabonds possible, as yon can't fancy partial to antimacas sars in the drawing rooms. But there, ' what is to be will be,' as the man said when he pawned tbe children's boots and drank the money. And then those I foreigners that come over and parley voo in Lei Xieicester-sqnare and there abouts, with the shop- doors wide open and starching away under your very nose, letting everybody into the secrets of the trade, and no more knowing how to use a copper-stick than I do a fire- engine. A nice thing in a Lea country I — and the poor man with a barrel-organ I not allowed to play, while Italians with I pianos can grind no for ever, with a I parcel of small children alongside kicking up. disgraceful. ' No crushing,' is what X saya, though myself in the crushing line as far as linen is concerned, hnt I always a -moist eye for the down- trod, and known to , cry over ' Uncle Tom's Cabin , to that- extent as to need starching a full-dress shirt three times. Tt'e a hard, world . for a poor woman, I which, if I were in Parliament, uo but tone would I allow to be put on any- I -thing, preferring pins, though awkward |nt tames if you catch the; point nn- I expected. The post-cards that come to 1 our house abont buttons is. snfficient to turn your hair grey. . - ' How much a year do yon get from the bntton-makersf writes one man— a fellow in the pork- packing line ; and thinking becomes him. ' There isn't a button left on my ; flannel vest,' says another. A third one drops into; poetry and pats, in print letters on the side of a card, that I thought the postman wonld have' I burst himself. wXtti laughing oyer : . . Be kind to the button, \- Whatever It But now yriukea horror I And terrorta trie. ' . I Mbftrwobiahave given Mtnfaorror if I sbe poyld h»ye got at hun.- ' Yqu pught to transport 'jbprJfottoitF Bay,' 8ys | an tindrirtiiktir, Jictg to "lift'thedepres- she said he meant Australia, where Uncle Joe went forty years ago to find a gold mine, and was locked np for stealing timber. You_ can never rell what wounds even a button will open op- It may not be Christian, bnt Btill there is consolation in knowing some body worse off than yonrself. Ou the right-band side, lower down, lived Mrs. Fimpler, who, as she said herself, might be ridiog in her marriage iu Hyde Park this very day, along with Stock Ex change merchants and big brewers arid tbe other cream of society, except for having been married when qnite young, ' and not knowing her own tnind, though a good scholar, and wonderful at working samples, wkich are not fashionable nowadays, yet quite furniture to a parlour if hung near a tea caddy. Pimpler was a marble masbri, and has been known to pick up tbree-aud-thirty shillings a week when at fnjl work and off drink, and- the statntories busy in I tbe cemeteries. ' He was no fit match for me, my dear,' the poor - woman baa declared many a time with tears io ber eyes, when peeling the onions for dinner, Pimpler being a Yorkshire-man, and therefore fund of stew. Bat there — what's the good of repining, and fanlts was made to be looked over. And Mrs. Pimpler sometimes admitted she might have done worse, for nobody could ever Bay she did riot pay twenty shillings a pound, through trust not being the rule in oar neighbourhood. Pimpler always lamented having no relations with money to help him, but said he was glad . to turn his baud to anything that would bring Id -ao hooest penny. So one day he finds a purse with a heap of money in it, and, instead of going to the police and making a bother, he says he sees the hand of Providence among the gold, aod goes and bays a 'secondhand chain mangle, ' What is the good of that V says Mrs. Pimpler. ' Why, if you've got any . sense,' answers her husband, quite nasty, ' you ought to earn a pound a week at least, and bo able to make provision for me when I'm oot of a job.' There was a feeling among the carters' and paviors' wives in our street that a mangle was not exactly respectable. ' Much more respectable than owing a score to the tallyman,' exclaimed Mrs. Pimpler, arid that settled most of 'em. Tbe mangle arrived in a cart, and Pimpler stayed home from the yard for a week in order to put it in position, while bis wife went round the district hunting np families likely to send clothes — and to pay for 'em. Tbere were no stones to fill the box with at first, but Pimpler's friends came np in a body one night' with a regular load of chippings from the tombs, and soon loaded it. Mrs. Pimpler said they most have loaded them-selves first, f»r they broke two china ornaments, smashed the backs of the kitchen chairs, and stole a tobacco jar which was left as an heir-lonm 'by her grandfather in con sideration of her haying allowed him an ounce a week io the work-bonse for fifteen years. We had oar regular 'customers, aod Mrs. Pimpler setting up did no harm to us — not, as mother said, that she ap proved of a woman doing anything to keep tbe bouse over the head of a bulking man, and wanting t-i know what gnod it was being married unless you got somebody to maintain you. I do not thiuk there was much mangling came in, until Mrs. Pimpler lowered the price sod degraded .the profession. As fur starching, she was no good at all, ber nerves being upset and her temper cranky, through constant turning the handle. Then Pimpler, thinking be was at liberty to do only three days' work in a week, grumbled terrible at the rattling and the clanking and the gro ining of the chain, after having a fight with the landlord, who wanted to raise the rent as the mangle was doing mischief to the foundations. 'Can't I beep what I like in my own house !' says Pimpler. 'Gh, of course,' says the landlord, chaffing of him ; 'I wonder ynu don't let apartments to a few young steam rollers, or perhaps .1 should enjoy a menagerie.' Then the neighbours made a fuss because, when forced to do the work at night — after her own washing- days or attending thepo'ice-conrt through being summoned for the pnor-rstea — they said they couldn't sleep, the houses being that, lath-and-plaetery that a breath would almost blow down the party wall. Still mother and me would have been friends with her, except, as I say, that she began to understand. Tbe tea-cloths and dusters I don't complain about, but when it came to the other departments that woman aggravated a saint. Why, for two pence she. wonld iron and starch a full well, there, it makes my blood run cold to think about it, though the weather ia that warm that the flies is like the plagues of Egypt,and enough to try the patience of Jonah. I mast say that Pimpler was always one to stick np to the rights of tbe working man and for putting everybody on what he caljed an equal footing — which is pot, as ,1 understand, the same sort of footing my brother Harry had to pay fur when anorenticed to the cas-fitter's, and came home, much the worse for drink, which, as he said next day, was owing to his signing an icdemoiture sgainat frequenting taverns, and faiB feelings overcoming bim. Pimpler was particular strong against the House of Lards and couldn't abear the sight of ! a private carriage, because it remirided him that the "working man had no carriage where be - might smoke a clay arid soothe himself. I remember one night he had -a tremendous argument with tbe jonrney-man gardener next- door. ' Why ain't I better off f . says he. .-. ' How should I knowf says tim gardener ; ' I ain't a Christy miriistrel, am IF 'Bacause them swells has got the money 'what belongs to me,' says 'Pimpler. And tn'nch good may it do" ?em; says the gardener. Never mind,' , saya Pimpler, shaking his head ; ' the time's coming. / : We ' shall show you- something wheri it comes off;' 'What comes offF sayB the gardener— a hoes, raoe !' ' Yon know what I mean,'sbqats Pimpler, 'arid yoa kriow ws- shan't haVe- to wait mncfa 'longer.' ' W»it for what I" says the gardener. : ' For theliesolation "it Pariiamerit,' answers Pimpler. t Then . the gardener ape -and calls him "a dangerous hollyhook,' and , . tfesj Abasing tsach other would! immobmeidhtowa in a .minute! coming ont of the front door. He'd rather help himself to a half pint,' says tbe gardener, walking off. Not that each remarks were becoming from a man who lies in bed the best part of Sunday morning, and reads newspapers most of the afternoon. I never took to gardeners, tboagb io tbe mangling line themselves, and a lawn roller at work being a most beautiful eight to make yon sorry tbere is only grass and nnt clean calico beneath. Still, we rhall never have a'l'-we want in Chip world, ae tbe pick- pocket said when be found tbe watch was a copper instead -of a gold one.- Next day Pimpler stayed home from work because be had been insulted, and, as he eaid, a man could nut settle down to manicle labour with an insult banging over bim. His wife was busy banging out the clothes in the yard — not by any means a suitable place for drying, the particles from tbe dye works and the soot from the jam factory giving tbe sheets amixed dameon and currant appearance. It -was a stormy night in summer, which never Bhallbe forgot. A thunder storm had broken ont in real earnest, and the rain was doing a great deal of public washing in the streets. Mrs. Pimpler was io desperate distress, her husband having disappeared in the morn ing, leaving .not a trace behiod. She had almost -walked her legs off going rorind to the poblic-faoaees be was most respected at, thinking he might have tBken refuge there — being a high- tempered and retiring man— to reflect upon the daily increasing wickedness of the Honse of Lords. One curipus effect of the Peerage was to make Pimpler very thirsty, and quite reasonable, too, for anger is parching, and dries tbe throat marvellous. He never came home to tea, for hot liquids without alcohol made bim bilious from a child, and the epirit of freedom, he often said, couldn't be 808tatned on sloppy messes. How the news leaked ont I can't recollect now, bnt as it was a leaky night, with the water running down the abates like fonntains, perhaps that had something to do with it. I -was on the point of going ont . with onr barrow when tbe storm broke, and a mercy it did, for tbe trouble I had with those flounces — tbe young lady going to a ball next even ing — was. something to tell of, and ber ma, a most particular person, though only a shoemaker's daughter before marriage. If I bad been caught our day's mangling and starching must have become pulpy and useless ; for, although people are often simple enough to be caught iu the n et themselves, they will never allow a similar liberty to the clothes-ba-kct. Mother was broiling a piece of flat-fish on the gridiron for sapper, and a delicate acrobatic flavour pervaded tbe boose nntil it smelt fur all the world like a chemist's shop. Suddenly in dashes a neighbour, with a dripping umbrella trailing over the floor, and gaspB, 1 There's a warrant out for Pimpler !' Yon mixht have knocked us down with tbe clothes-prop; hnt mother, whose presence of mind is wonderful, says, ' Heart alive ! What's he stolen F It took some minutes for us to got at tbe truth of it, and then we found that Pimpler's master, the statutory, as they call him, had gone to the cemeteiy that morniog, opened hia office, and dis covered the desk was broken into and the money due for paying the men's wages taken away. He makes a roll- call of the hands and they were all there except Pimpler. Bo he goes up to his house to inquire for him, aud bis missis says be came home late the night before, got up before she was out of bed, and hasn't been seen since. Well, we waited half an honr for tbe rain to t-top, and mothersaid she was burning toknow more about it, and, as life was too short to bear grudges for ever, she would just run down to Pimpler's to Gad oot what his wife had to say. Poor Mrs Pimpler was in tears, and in the middle of three dozen to be delivered without fail before noon next day- The mangle was groaning as if in agony, and tbe chain seemed to have felt tbe effect of the thunderstorm, for it squeaked just the same as the ghost the rector told about at the penny readings: — I mean the one that used to gibbet in tbe streets of Rome. Mother was hardly io the place five minutes, and Mrs Pimpler, what with turning the handle aud crying, cou'd tell nothing whatever that was worth knowing. Her ' brute of a man ' was gone, and left her with only the end of a leg of pork and a crust of Dutch cheese in tbe bouse. Just as she had got to that point a county-court sum mons sort of knock comes to the front door, and Mrs. Pimpler drops a blanket she had folded clean into the grate and covers it- with cinders. But mother, having her wits better under control, goes to the door, and iu walks a police inspector, with a constable. ' Where's your husband !' says the inspector in a gruff voice. ' I wish, I knew, sir,' says the poor woman, all the more flurried over the accident to the blanket. ' Come out behind,' says the inspector to tbe constable, pulling up the kitchen latch and 'walking 'through the passagp. Mother, thinking it well to keep a watch upon them, peeps through the blind and sees the policeman casting the rays of a bull'e-eye lantern abont. Presently in they march again, and the inspector says, ' What is the heap «»f stones out side forf ' Stones, Bir,' sobs Mrs. Fimpler ; I don't know anything about stones, except some hoys have been throwing 'em at the monkey.' ' There's a whole pile of 'em,' says tbe inspector, 'and they may be put there to hide something.' ' Oh, no, sir, I'm sure not, blabbered Mrs. Pimpler ; ' the only stones in this place are in the box of tiejipingle. ' What, the mangle you've besn a-torning, eh !' asks the inspector, f Yes, sir,' sayB she, aud as which my -poor husband bought and paid for. At that instant a fearful groan, enough to curdle every drop of blood in your body, breaks over the place. Mother clutches hold pt tbe mantiepiece ; Mrs. Pimpler sinks into a chair. ' By Jove be'ain the matigle 1' cries the inspector. Qaick" as lightning the policeman opens the lid. Aid then rod in the face and half suffocated, was Pimpler ! '.Obj you took nut jhem Atones to make room for your self; toy bonny boy ' says Mr. Inspector . 'Haul' him up, Dick, we'll find him better aCrotnmodation, And a good deal morp aKA' Oat Jhey drags the. pdajBoa- facad Fimpler, tarns him upside down, hO'tri tmesk, and rattles money from Mtoter tiilnks it » mercy they did not take her, but off they carries the other two ; Mre. Pimpler in spite of her shrieks, and charges her with being an auxiliary after tbe fact, and only lets ber gn after detaining ber two bonrs at tbe station. Pimpler bad six months next day, and hie wife has gone home to her friends in the country, the - mangle and the furniture being sold in distress fur rent. As for innther and me, we are giving np tbe profession, for as sure as we shove onr noses outside the door the children holloa after us, ' Who put the man in the mangle F Trade has fallen off entirely through tbe scandal, and to-morrow we are tak ing down, our old card and replacing it with a new one—' Pinkins Done Here.' —Dooly Tdegr&ph.; 