my Apsrrs 'AitvEmwtitifc- , , DX OEOKQE DOWSlKfl IIP '.TIES. The following inoidont is u atrfefly tru'\ account of an adventure that happened to my aunt, more than fifty years ago, in thn yjt,y . of London. Wo woro all gathered around tho Chriafc man firo, and, no was our wont, after tho fen-' tivitios of tbo day, wero telling-ghost Btorioa. weird and (jhofltly tales on that ovouing. Oni . thin particular night our Ami* Alioo was proBout, and after coma persuading, con sented to tell ua uouiothing that happened to her when a girl ' Whnt I am going to tell io not a ghoot, ?'.;? story. It is an ndventtiro that bofell me manyj '. yenra ago, when ' Burking ' waa a co-.:imon crime. No doubt you all know wlm that means, as a crbo occurred not long i ,;o in ? Baltimore. For thoBO who do not undi ''?-? \ . ' I will oxplain. 'In thoeo dayn tho opportunii.'a ol j ? ? ouring bodies for medical exposition anil instruction were limited. Tho students and profeaaorB woro therefore oompalled to resort to all sorts of underhand moans, suoh as robbing churchyards and riding tombs. But bodies could uot bo procured fast enough ovon by aueh means. Thero now nppearod a man who invented a plan for whioh ho beaamo notorious. A fellow called Burke. Thia wrotch would biro nomo ruffian to steal up behind a man or woman uud throw a poworful atiokinp; planter ovor hia viotim'a mouth. Strangulation would shortly onsuu and tho murderer would then tako the body to aomo medical college and sell it for a high; price, as it would bo free from all fracture. This was what we understood by 'Burking.'j and, alas 1 it accounted only too truly for,! many of tho mysterious disappearances in thosn days. ' We wero living. at the timo ol my adven. hirn in fhn Vinrirf. nf thn ' ATn.'irrn Rntiwlnn.1' One night father and I wero left alo::a in tho house, tho roBt of tho family having fjono to visit somo friends. We were talking together;, in his etudy, when he suddenly remembered! that he had an important communication toi * give to my uncle. ' ' Oh, ohild. I am sorry thoy have gono ont?' he exclaimed. , ' 'Why?' I BBked. ' ' Your uncle should have got that letter without fail to- night, and now it is impos sible.' ' ' Cannot I go ?' ; 111 Absurd I No, child, under no oiroam.j Btanaes.' ' ' Oh, but father,1 1 oontinued, 'youknc ? it is not far to unolo's, and the streets S'O lighted all the way. I must go. I shan't ha more than half an hoar; nothing on eat h oan happen to me.' ' I am afraid I was rather fond o! br.v ing my own wny in those days ; for go 1 did, with tho parting admonition, 'Do i't stay at your unolo's, but hurry home,' ring ing in my eats. ' My unole's house was about a mile fr im ours. Thore were two ways of getting tc it ; one, by a road, although it took longer, was, woll lighted ; tho other was by a oross- :ut through numerous small atreot and allo\ ? . ' The night waa oold and damp. Aft c a brisk walk I reached my unole'a, gave my message and tho valuable letter, and was about to go when ono of my cousins, rur.iing up to me, said, — ? . . . ' ' ' ' Oh, Annie, can't you Btop nminn'.c and see my new dress?' ' ' Woll I'll stop ono minuto and no lev jer,'; I replied. i ' But one minute waa prolonged to two, and two to three, and still I lingerod. The new dross wa3 aolabsorbing n- topic- that it had banished my father's words entirely from my mind. I do not know how long I should] havo stayed had not my eye at last caught sight of the clook, and I bow to my dismay! that it was half-past nine. The parting! words of my father oamo to my mind, and I1 was heartily sorr; for my thoaghlous dis obedience. ' ' Oh, girls, I rnuat go 1 don't say another! word I Good-by.' ' Throwing on my cloak and p-'~ rng my, hat, I rushed down stairs. I alino.?. tan now; in my haate to make up for lost time: Suddenly tho thought, ' sinoo you are bo late,' why not take tho short out V came to my. mind, and I acted upon it immediately. ' ' 'Thero wcro only a few people :n thai streets as I walked home, and they seemed to' got fewor aa I approached what had beenl pointed out to mejas ' Thieves' Alley.' Past, gloomy littlo shops, which Dickens goi marvellously describes in hia great v/orka,, and past numerous odd turnings, I berried.'. Through ? Thieves' Alley,' quiot as a n? luao,! I etolo. I had passed the worst r- -,v, I! thought. -; ' I next oamo to a street bounded or both; sides by dilapidated houses. The pirn ? was.1 oo silent that I heard the coho of n-, own} footstops. I do not know what it wi. -, but) a foeling of impending danger so fe!! 'iporjj my mind I stopped and listened Th treev{ waa silent and deaertod. I orept aloe: with) eyo and car Btrainod to catoh the f ateBfr sound. I bad reached tho middle ? - the. block when I heard a step behind n ???. Be-i fore I could look around my arn i were seized, and a terrible woight was j messing], into my back. I tried to aaream bat my! throat seemed pnralyzad with fright. I was in the hands of one ot tho ' Burke ' gang 1' Ho had been lying in wait for me, arid would1 kill mo I ' Oh, the horror of that momont ! I shall never forgot it. Tho ruffian ttoa began to . draw. my arms together. I saw hii purpose, ?Ho wanted to hold my arms with one hand, so that with tho other he might put tho dreaded plaster on my face. S iddenly a thought— it waa God-given came to my mind If I oould wren oh my arms free at the. moment he would hold thom with his one, hand I might oaoape. Slowly he brought' my arms together. His powerful hand was, already grasping my wrists when, with atl! tha nervous pission ol diBpair, I threw my; two iist3 baok over my Bboulders, and struck, the villain lull in tho lace. An oath, followed by a fall, was all I heard. I flew. Girls oan: run aa well aB boys sometimes. Z -t horror ?! the wretoh waa following mo. Footsteps! rattled on tho pavement behind. I tore on, but my breath was going. My pursuer was| rapidly approaohing, Btill I reeled on, wheni — rapture never to bo forgotten — I Baw a 'peeler,' (that was what they called a poliec-l man in those days) approaohing. Tho foot-! etepa behind me stopped. I waa s^ved t I 'I gained tho highway and rei.ahed ouri house. In order to gain the insti.at atten-j tion ot thoae inside, I thruat my arm through) the front window. Thero waa a oraah, arfd I: fell fainting on the steps. Father c tms run-j ning out and carried me in, wherj after a time I told him all. 1 ' That ia my adventure ; ana in conoluaion, my annt continued, ' 1 trust no onn of yon will ever have to undergo anoh «a ex perience,' ;.| Tom Campbell once told an amusing; story of an incident that had happened to him in a small country inn when travelling in Scotland. He had been stopped by tho weather in tho afternoon, had dined, and in -dulged himself with a toothpick to whilo away the idle after-hour. v , Enter chambermaid : ' Sir, if you please, aro you dune with the toothpick ?' ?' Why do you ask ? I suppose I raay pick away as long as I liko?' , , ' Na, na, ye canna due that, sir, for it be lungs to the club, and thoy hae 1-een me! amaist an hour 1' The following story o£ Sooirb. puipifc ?.ritioUru uscJ io be told by ai. eminsnt Jivins : A clergyman in tho country had \ stranger preaohing for him ono day and n jeting oil, beadle, said to him : ' Well, Saundere, how did you like wa oormon to-day ? ' ' I must say, sir, it was ratvr over plain -iriil simple for tno/ 1 like time so 'lions best that jurubies tlio..joo(lgc'iiii'ut ami confounds ihu acuse. Oh, i?iv, T never saw mk that could ''?SM HD.ia -*raj:l' »i that.' Prince Bismarlc is t»n nw-S clccoratei ma-i in liuropt'. ?'?Mii'mild ho ovjrnapcBr wear ing inHitfula of till tliu orders eoiierred upon him he wonld »««Rmblc an Oriental priuoe. , 