METHODIST UNION. DEMONSTRATION IN THE LYDIARD STREET CHURCH. A united demonstration, on behalf of the Methodist Union and under the auspices of the Methodist Federal Council, was held in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church last night. There was a large attendance. The Hon. D. Ham, M.L.C., presided, and there were also open the platform—The Rev. W. H. Fitohet, 8.A., president of the Wesleyan Conference; the H«n. J. S. Larke, from Canada; the Hon. R. Baker, ex-M.L.A.; Mr J W. Kirton, M.L.A.; and the Revs. S.! Knight, R. Philp, C. Tregear, G. Netherway, L. Walton; W. Hamilton, F.. Siuden, and Xbos.. Adamson (Melbourne), Previous to the meetings Mr C. Eyres gave an organ recital. Afrer singing hy the choir and congregation, and prayer by the Rev. W. H. Hamilton, The chairman delivered a brief and inte resting address. He expressed his pleasure at being present at a meeting which had for its object such a high and noble aim. The emanations from Rome sought to show that the Pope desired to press upon the people the necessity of union, and these emana tions were evidences of federation. He had watched with great interest the tendency of the Methodist denominations towards fede ration. One could not help but note the kindred feeling which had grown up through the exchange of pulpits, the services in con nec'ion with the Evangelical Alliance, and so forth. This was not a forced growth, but was a unity of spirit which had existed for a long time, and a feeling that in the interest of the churches to which they be longed, and their works and aims had but one object. Be felt that that there must bs no coercion in this matter. Up to the present the mother had held out her hand, and was courting her children back, but they must not bein tnogreata hurry and so, uniting in haste, repent at leisure. There must be an rquit able basis laid down for the bringing about of the union—which all parties could receive as perfectly acceptable to them. There were difficulties to.be overcame, but he hoped they would have no place in the church that was to be. Finance, perhaps, was a lion in the path, but must bs.driven out of the way. Church doctrine would not be touched, but the status of ministers might be altered. But where there was a will there was a way—(hear, hear) —and in the name of God would they triumph. (Applause.) The Rev. W. H. Fitchetl, who was re ceived with applause, said—l am strangely s-ized as I sit here by the sense of one figure—one face that beyond any other I would were on this platform to- night. lam thinking of my dear friend—the dearest friend 1 ever had, or ever shall have—James Campbell, the shrewdest, the most generous heart, the loftiest spirit that ever came, even from Ballarat. (Hear, hear.) And I can just think that in a meeting like this, and on a subject like this, how James Camp bell would have stood here and pleaded. . 1 suppose it is the genius of the place that brings up James Campbsll’s figure to me, and I can scarcely go on for thinking of Tennyson’s lines— “ Oh, tor the touch of a vanished hand, And the sound of a voice that is still," But now I think it is very felicitous that we are holding a Methodist union meeting in Lydiard street, Ballarat, because I learned from the newspapers the other day—l know too much about newspapers to think they are always sources of unalloyed troth, but I believe no this occasion it is true—that Methodist union in a sense had its birth in Lydiard street, Ballarat, 20 years ago. I l»arn that in 1575 a petition was sent out from 75 leading representatives of this church. What wise men they were I I was telling them in a very happy social meeting wo had that- what Ballarat thinks to-night all the clony will think te-morrow. (Bear, hear.) In public afftirs 20 years is only like the difference between to-night and to- morrow, and we are just coming tn think to-day what Ballarat thought 20 years ago. And I have been thinking, would to God our con ference —I must not speak blasphemy against the conference and hint that members are anything else than infinitely wise—if our conference had had the wit, the insight, and the resolve, and had 20 years ago accepted the memorial sent from this church—what a blessed history we should have had, and I undertake to say what a different position Methodism of all names would have been in to-day—With a united church, with a single policy, with single flrg, and look at thn money we should have saved the churches,. To-day they re present liabilities that we should not have created—the waste of God’s money, and the waste—the tragical waste—of God’s m"n. I would start my speech there by asking you to think what Methodism would have been to-day if we had done what Bal larat had asked us to do 20 years ago. Imagine it! gentlemen. If we were a great Methodist family, as the Church of England i->, a unit with a single policy I If we were, as the Presbyterian Church is, a single com pact church I Following up the illustra tion, imagine the Church of England broken into three or four fragments, competing with each other, and divided against each other, would not the moral authority of that church be incomparably lessened? I would to God, I repeat, we had united 20 years ago. All the difficulties of this time would then have ended. And I might almost make my speech on this key.” Proceeding, the speaker remarked that it did not in the least lessen his pleasure at being present by know ing that a good many of them did not in the least sgree with him on this topic. It was poor work—tame work—preaching to the converted. There was an inspiration in talking to people who did not quite agree with you, if you'only had the assurance that they were intelligent and honest men— that they were not men who had eyes and saw not, and ears that heard not. They might differ in intellectual glance and might biok at things differently, but in pur pose, in heart, in purity of motive and in singleness of eye the men who did not see with him were—he would not say on the same standard as himself, but that he would sit at some of their feet. Over people’s minds in regard to. this great question there ap peared to be a film of misapprehension—of blank mistake—tnd he would tike, in clear ing the road for himself and those to follow to try and lay certain ghosts and apprehen sions. Many people read a great deal which ' led to them believe that they wore trying to bring about a revolution—a sort of ecclesiastical earthquake that was going tn sweep in all their churches and change the whole ecclesiastical land scape. And then it was believed that it was a revolution in a hurry—on tha trot; that they were going to rush the thing through. They were exhorted, “Don’t hurry us; give us time,” and-time enough would be giyen. First of all, this was no revolution at all, supposing it came tn pass. Supposing they woke on the morrow morn ing and found . themselves encircled in Methodist union ?- Dickens drew a picture in one of his -characters of a man who was being courted by a very strong-minded lady, and whn confided to a friend his apprehension that some fine morn ing he would wake. up. and . find himself married against his will, and almost without his knowledge. And some of the people present might wake npand find themselves methodistioally united without having time to think about it. (Laughter.) Supposing they did wake up and find that by some beatific miracle which bad come from the Heavens—it would not come up, he was. sure—the churches were united, what would happen to them in Lydiard street? Why, nothing at all. There was going to be no jumbling of circuits in ad vance, no alarming transfer of debts, no up setting of ministers. A great many people imagined that Methodist union meant the creation of a great and melancholy procession of surplus parsons the clerical unemployed without any visible lawful means of support—a procession of ghosts, as in Macbeth. (Laughter.) He would not go round the corner to find a softer word, but that was blank nonsense. There conld be no change of circuits at all until union came. And when the united church arrived, as it was. sure to arrive— (applause)—it would boa church with a con stitution, and it could not make a change except in accord with that constitution. If the Primitive Methodist and Bible Chris tian friends only shut their ears, and the Wesleyans considered it a confidential state-; ment, he would tell them that the constitu tion of the united church would bs exactly the Wesleyan constitution. Would that bs revolution ? There woujd be no change of circuits. That would not come from above as an act of des potism, but from below as an act of choice, and there would not be a change any where except the circuit wanted it, and asked for it through its quarterly meeting aiid the district synod. (Applause.) No reign of lawlessness nr a general Scotch haggis; no transfer of debts, and no surplus ministers, Gominonssuse was not going to migrate from them ami qualify them for the Kew Asylum. Every minister who had got a circuit and salary to day woutd retain it. No doubt the salary, was not quite so big as they wouid like, but it would do, as they gat three meals a day. They were not like Fharoah's lean kine. A great many people were exceedingly alarmed because they were holding these meetings, Bnt he said that Methodist union was not a question for ministers only, not a question for church’ courts only, but demanded the judg ment, the conscience, the imagination, the sympathies, and the enthusiasm of their people. (Applause.) And did they not think that the leaders were doing right in taking them into their oonfideucr? It was a household matter,' a family question. They were talking like brethren about this thing. They were not going to take a vote of those present. At his own personal wish no resolution would be proposed there because it would count for nothing. Their vote would not carry the matter right away; but the people should be with the movement. Nothing would be done in tha dark. Somebody had defined marriage as a leap in the dark, but Methodist union would not be such. They would have all the facts before them before the final de cision came. Conference must decide that, and when it did come to decide it, unless it were carriad by a two-thirds vote it could not go through at all. All things would be done us a groat church would do them—delibe rately, and with ample knowledge; and what was better, ho hoped it would be done, like Christian men, on their- knees—in the key of prayer, waiting for God to lead them; and he had an inspiring sense that in this matter the divine guidance went before them. They were being led by God. Some men said, “ Why raise this question He thought God had raised it, and that God had put it before them as a test. He was speaking now to his Wesleyan, friends—his own particular fiock. But-a man's..enemies were often in his own household, Us'every married man know. (Laughter.) He be lieved that the persons most desirous of the union were those in the Wesleyan household. He would say this to them—“ The metiindist church is pledged to the eyebrows in this question of union.” It was not an arguable question, -for it was past the stage of argument. On the minutes of their general conference—the single authoritative legislative body they had—they had sent out an invitation to the brethren of other churches, and stood pledged to it. But there was something that counts with Christian men more than the mere question of social honor. That was conscience, and he said, without the least hesitation, that in this wholeqneation of Methodist Union the Wesleyan Church, whatever individual opinion might be, stood pledged by its con science to this thing. They had affirmed that union would be for the glory of God in the extension of His Kingdom. This did not settle everything, but it din settle the spirit in which they should look at all the diffi culties. Thoir own Victorian Wesleyan con ference in 1893 passed a series of resolutions, the first of which ran like this—“ That in the judgment of this conference the organic union of the Methodist churches would be for the glory of God in the extension of His Kingdom.” When a church said that a thing was for the glory of God, it should see the difficulties and should be eager to find some way to surmount them. After pointing out that there was no essen tial difference between the various Methodist denominations, and tracing the history of petty differences which had led to disunion in the past, the speaker remarked that it was said of the Church of England with some truth that their external unity had internal division behind it; that in the 39 articles there were a dozen creeds; bnt the Metho dist external disunion had, practically, unity beneath it. In Christ’s Church there ought to be no social distinctions, for the church which made much of social distinctions was losing the key note and the water-mark of Christ himself. (Applause.) The question was God’s business. It touched God’s honor; was for God’s church and for God’s glory and should be settled. He urged them to remember it in their prayers, and to pray for the Almighty to lead them to that point where they would know and do God’s will; and what was God’s will would be accom plished in his church. (Applause.) The Hon. J. S. Larke, in coming forward, was most heartily received, the audience rising and clapping him. Ho said he appre ciated the heartiest of all the hearty welcomes which he had received in these colonies. Some of these present and the ancestors of others left the old lands and came into these plains studded with gold. His people's ancestors left tha same land and went to the land of forests. Both had grown together and strengthened under thewiseguidanceof aoom nion mother had developed in all elements of national life. (Hear, hear.) Both had become recognised powers in the earth— Australians under sunny skies, and they in a colder clime. He came to them, not only as the subject of a common Queen and as a descendant of a common people, but also with a higher relationship—he came belong ing to a common church—(applause)—and desiring in the highest degree the good of that church. The example which Canadian Methodism had given was one of some im portance to travellers intending to reach a common point. It had been ohjsctad that the example of Canadian Methodism did not apply to those colonies. Ho naked—“ Why did it not apply’” Not only were they of one common blood; not only were they men of like paaainns, but they were placed in like circumstances. They had all the diffi culties Australians had, and more. They had to deal with a church that was Episcopalian in its government and policy, and had a bishop at its head, and they knew how much churches with bishops attached to them. They overcame that. They not only had these little ecclesiastical differences, but of policy on political matters. He did not know how strongly people were attached to their parties in this colony, but in Canada that was a very serinna matter to overcome. One section of the Methodist Church came from the United States, many of them were Americans, and the Canadians charged these men with being disloyal to their Queen and country, at the same time saying, “ We can’t unite with these people.” They found they had make a mistake. In Canada they had to overcome a national prejudice, and they did it. Australians had nothing like that to face. The Canadian people had got just as many prejudices and infirmities of judgment as they had, and more of them he thought. They onuld not see an inch further ahead than those present could, and he was not sure whether they onuld see as far. After point ing farther the greater difficulties experi enced in Canada, the speaker said that there they had come to the conclusion that they were wasting money and accumulating debts. One of the funniest things to him was that the Australians objected to go into union because of their debts. They went into union because they had debts and wanted to get rid of them, (Laughter.) They had very heavy expenses, and wanted them lightened. The people in this colony oh j-oted to union because it was going to in crease expenses. Here union was objected to because it was feared there would be a loss of members. The Canadians went into union because they were actually loosing members and wanted to get them bank again. The Canadian people thought exactly as the people here, and right up to the hour of uniting could not convert some of the brethren, ao had to go into union over their heads. Here it would have to be done also. The speaker interestingly defined the classes of people who opposed union, and remarked that there was one section who said union was a goad thing hut they were not ready for it. JThese people gave reasons against union, and uttered a long stream of objec tions, whereas they should have turned and helped it. It was an excellent thing that this indication was not evident here. But those men who objected conscientiously, when they did go into uninn did all they could to make it a snooess. Of this class of men the speaker gave an interesting in stance, and said that he was enabled to take this position, that in giving his opinion of union in Canada he spoke the opinions of United Methodism. Referring to the diffi culties in the way he observed that perhaps humanly some of the ministers might be placed in a worse position, but every Methodist minister made some sacrifice for the glory of God and the good of his church. (Applause.) No man got to heaven without sacrifice. The speaker went on to point out the uni formity of policy between the Methodist churches, and remarked that if any man thought union would stop him putting his hand in his pockst, let him vote against it. He told them of Methodists who had gone to the Presbyterian, and were lost to Methodism because their particular class of Methodists bad no church in the place .were.they lived, With.uninn there was no excuse for there men. By union unneces sary officials ' were done away with, and more money was sent to tho heathen. And -not only this; they were, in dis union, offending God. They were turn ing the churches into club houses, gymnasiums for the young, lecture rooms on health, and so on. These things were all very good, but they were not the work of the church, which was to save soul". Aft»r dealing at length with the steps taken towards union In Canada, the speaker quoted figures to show that the membership of the church had greatly increased after the various denominations were united. Con tinuing, Mr Larke said:—You talk about a question of finance. It is not worth con sideration, God nover led his psople in any direction without opening a way for them. The waters of the Red Sea did not part until the people began to move. 11 Speak unto my people that they go "forward,” and then the watere parted asunder, and they passed over dry shod. In worldly movements I say 11 see your way clear," but . when God points the way, go, and He will make the way clear, for you. . . . . The question has been likened to marriage, but it is not that. It ie a whole family relationship—a mother calling her child back again, tho child wanting to get back to the family roof tree. Ooa of the most beautiful passages in Scripture is when the father rushed up to welcome the prodigal son; but there are no prodigal sons here. May God bless Methodism in this country, and enable you to see as we saw—that it is a good thing for the people of God to dwell in unity. (Loud applause.) The Hon. R. Baker, ex-Minister of Edu cation, remarked that tha addresses already delivered comprised the whole question, and that there was no necessity to talk further about it. He had travelled the length and breadth of tho country he onoe represented— about one-third of the extent of the colony, and a tract as large as Ireland—and could speak of the difficulties encountered by the people there in connection with church affairs and the undesirable disunion that existed in that land. Mr Baker addressed himself to the question at some length, aod sat down amidst applause. Mr J.-W. Kirton, in an eloquent address, expressed hie entire sympathy with (he movement, and was warmly applauded throughout. The Rev. F. Sinden moved, and the Rev. R. Fhilp seconded, a vote of thanks to the chairman and speakers, and, on tho motion of Mr W. Coltman, J.P., seconded by the Rev. G. Netherway, a similar vote waa ac corded the nnited choirs, who during the evening capitally rendered tho anthem, “ Awake thou that sleepest,” ami “ The hallelujah chorus.” The proceedings terminated with the benediction. Before the opening of the service the visitors were entertained at tea in the Dana street hall. The Rev. Geo. Netherway, on behalf of tho Primitive Methodist Church; the Rsv. Sinden, Primitive Methodist; L. Walton, Free Methodist; and Messrs R. Baker and Gen. Smith, briefly extended a welcome to the guest", to which the Rev. W. H. Fitchett and Hon. J. S. Larke responded. 