SPIRITUALISM. By J. P. Nisbet in the "Pall Mall Budget." The traditional season for ghosts is just over, but since spiritualism was invented we have never long been without com munications of some kind alleged to reach us from the next world (if "next" be in this connection the proper term}, and so it comes that Mr Maskelyne, the eminent conjuror, has just been raising anew the old difficulty about ghost-clothing. So it conies, further, that I am constrained to offer a few words of criticism upon Mr Maskelyne. As I understand from a spiritualistic friend that thero are spirit rapping and table-tilting seances he'd in London every night, though the outside world is not permitted to hear of them, and as, moreover, spirits are now allowing themselves to be photographed, and in America are learning to deliver their messages through type-writing machines, the subject is not without its actuality. Of course, it would be very shocking if spirits,especially those of eminent men or ladies wlio had never been on the stage, were to appear without garments, unless they took the precaution of wrapping themselves up in a phosphorescent cloud; hut theexistenceofghost-clotliing docsnot strike me as being at all the crucial matter that Mr Maskelyne supposes. It is merely anuuimportantciroumstauce oftheappari- | tion. It does not advance the theory of impostnre or trickery by so much as a hair's breadth ; because, scientifically, it is no. more wonderful or incredible that a spirit should wear clothes than that it should appear in the shape of a naked human body, stout or lean, tall or short. Would Mr Maskelyne be less sceptical if the spirits were naked ? I imagine not. No more should I. In fact, if a demand arose for unclothed apparitions I have no doubt'but that it could bo supplied. Mr Maskelyne seems to regard the clothes as an oversight on the part of the early spiritualists, who thereby gave themselves away, and, by setting a fashion which Mas lasted, stamped the whole theory and practice of spiritualism up to the present time as a palpable imposture. Now, the oversight may or may not he a faet, but it certainly does not render the appear ance of spirits more difficult to accept by the sceptical. Whatever may he believed as to the nature of " spirit,"- it has never been asserted that it was a sort of in tangible something filling up the whole mould of the body withiu the skin, like gas in a balloon. For my part, I could believe in tho existence of spirit-elothes just as readily as that, and so, I doubt not, could Mr Maskelyne. Ones you go beyond the plain every-day experiences of life, it really does not matter how much you ask people to give credence to. The "swallow" of the average man for the marvellous is practically unlimited. Take the question'of luck; for instance. Most people believe in luck of some kind. A thousand examples might be given, hut one o_r two will suffice. The opal is said to bring ill-luck to its wearer. If lie engages in some commercial specula tion lie will be unfortunate; his partner will go bankrupt, or tho company will; never iloat. Now consider how many unjirovable, nay, wholly impossible assumptions are involved in this supposed actiou of the opal! Admitting that some mysterious emanation could proceed from the stone and so affect vour brain that you would act in busiuess without your usual perspicacity, how is it to be supposed that your wearing of the opal its distinguished front somebody else. tvearing.it will affect the persons with. whpiu yon stand in business relationship ? Suite as incomprehensible is the beneficial influence supposed to be exercised in one's iffairs by a horse-shoe nailed up over the loor. It matters not to the faithfulwhether ;he article is genuine or only imitated. The influence is understood" to reside rather in the form than in the substance of the object. In either of those cases, where is the smallest, conceivable link of jausation ? There is none—absolutely none. Yet thousands of people, shrewd md well informed enough in their way, believe in the ill-luck of the opal and the good luck of the horseshoe. Mind you, I am uot denying the effect of lucky or unlucky things, the virtue of charms, and the like. That the anticipated effects do, in maiiy cases, come about I am prepared to believe. Such beliefs would hardly have subsisted so many thousands of years in the world without some shred of foundation. They have all the same sort of basis probably as the faith . cure. That is to say, an idea once implanted in the mind tends to work out its proper effects through the cerebral mechanism. But that is ueither here nor there. The victims of popular superstition know nothing of such subtle psycho physiological processes. My point is that they ascribe, to certain objeets a power' which they do not understand, and which is scientifically inconceivable ; and that where the occult is concerned there are absolutely no bounds to be set to the credulity of fairly intelligent people. How little, then, can the presence or the absence of clothes matter when it comes to a question of ghosts ! Those who accept apparitions as objective realities will not be deterred by such a trifle as soul-garments. Par more difficult are the fundamental conditions of spiritua lism—the . everiiucreasing number of spirits that must either be confined to tho atmosphere of the earth, or that, having the power to explore the depths of space, still choose to crowd this small planet. These conditions I do not believe the spiritualists have thought out; but then, what sect, or creed or party cares to think out everything J Two brothers, in partnership, well known both in Threndneedle-stz-eet and ■ in the sporting world, wore each on the .look-out,' for a -brace' of pointers.' A " doggyV relative was entrusted with a "commission by the' senior partner to find him what be wanted, and price was to bo a secondary consideration. The. junior partner went in search of a " perfect" brace of dogs on his own account. He found them—at least, ho thought he had —and he paid a stiff price for them too. They were as handsome a brace of dogs as any man could wish for—to look at, but they proved utterly useless in the field, and all the representations as to their being thoroughly broken turned out to be untrue. The junior partner was very wrath, and lie postponed shoot ing the brutes only in order to see whether <?r pot he could recover some of his money. It is, perhaps, needless to say that he failed to do so; but he met that " doggy" relative, and, without going into details, told him that ho—the junior puvlncr— had a very handsome brace of pointers that he wanted to "et lid of; they were quite useless to hum ■" Sell them for whut you can get," said he; "and keep all yon get over 10 pounds for yourself." The "doggy" relative agreed to these tcrips, took the pointers away, and duly paid the 10 pounds next day. In the course of that week said the senior partner to the junior, " Coiue home with me this evening and have a bit of dinner; I want to show you a lovely brace of pointers I have bought, and I will sond you home in tho do»cart after dinnor." They went home to gether, and, those "lovely" dogs being paraded for inspection, the junior partner felt bud, and all bo could articulate was, " Great Scot! whut did you pay for ■theip '?" Explanations followed, and thou the torpor partner felt bad. That "doggy" relative had simply trans ferred the pointers from o>>e brother to the other! ' " " ' 