EXPRESS MESSENGERS. HOW THEY WORKED IN MUDTOWN, The Capital of Barataria. A MODEL POST-OFFICE. Bicycles Bent Horses— And tlio Peace ful Citizen O'cts His Letters Delivered Up to Time. A HINT FOR TUB G.P.O. Yon may not find tlio name of Mudtown in any of tlio later worts of distinguished Europeau and Asiatic visitors to the groat and growing oolony of Barataria. But all the sumo, Mudtown was no slouch of a plnco. "Wo had upwards of a few thousand voters on the electoral roll, oxclusivo of those who used to sneak out of the coinotory on polling days and vote early, and sometimes several times, for the candi date whoBe agent was cleverost at elec tioneering and resurroctioneering. There wore numerous fino buildings in the capital alliu the latost stylo of architecture, deco llated within and without, and nearly all ornamontod with tho newest and heaviest kind of imported mortgage as a topping-off touch to fho tout ensemble. o e Wo had a railway system of proved and pronounced efficiency, and every mile of it and every ongiuo running on tho rails was decorated with a mortgage. Our police and military and Civil services wore perfection with a large P, and the pay of nearly all tho officials was marked with a mortgage boforo the ghost walked at the latter end or the early beginning of each month. In fact, a proposal was at one time seriously made by the oldest inhabitant to change tho name of tlio metropolis of Barataria from Mudtown to Mortgagoville. Oh, wo wero fin-de- siedle and up to date down our way until the oldest inhabitant, who was a peaceable and not too progressive citizen, went away to foreign parts to enlargo his mind and develop his ideas, ho said. He was away about a year, and returned a / riotous and incendiary innovator. o o « Ho wanted all our systems altered ; evon our constitution altered. Ho used some awful language when referriug to our legislators, of whom there were two variotios — the framers of tlio laws and tho unframors of tho samo. Some of them wore not so corrupt as others, he said, and many of them wore moro bo ; but the whole legislative outfit was, ho reckoned, about tho most old-fashioned and cumbersome ou earth, and Barataria itself at least a hundred yours bohind tho rest of tho world in tho march of progress. Ho spoke dis respectfully of tho State and disparagingly of tho statosmon, and wroto long letters to the papers denouncing the Government ns a woouon-headed idiot with two loft lege . and a capacity for nothing oxcopt swallow ing its principles and hauling them up every now and again with its teeth when cbaHongcd to show that it ever had any. # # It was out of this last effort of tho oldost inhabitant to educate tho people up to tho standard ho considered necessary that something vory nearly approaching a rovo- | lution arose 111 our heretoforo peaceful j country. His letters wero posted to tho various papers, and I10 usually mailed them himself, knowing that an editor will always opon, evon if I10 does not road, acom- munication bearing evidences of its passage through tho post. Tho first of his com munications did not appear in tho Mudtown Monitor. lie waited a couple of days, then ho waitod on tho editor, who wel comed him witii cordiality, for I10 wits a solid man and did a lot of advertising. " You wroto to mo," he said, when tho oldest inhabitant had mudo his complaint. " Well, my dear sir, I never got tho lottor. Where did you post it ?" "At tho Post- offico." " Strange— vory strange. Whondidyou mail it ?" " Day before yesterday." "But, my dear friend, don't you think you are a little impatient. The letter has not had lime to roach us." "Not tinio? How tho long timo ought a lottor to take to get hero from thero ? Tho putrid post-offico is only 300yds away. Why, if I stuck a feather in my mouth and climbed up to the top of tho tower I could fly down here insido of lOscc. Not time be ." Ho was a profane person. "Probably," commented tho oditor; "and if you had droppod it in tho stroob some boy would most likely have picked it up and delivered it here in ten minutes. But you seo the system must be re garded." "Oh, condemn the system," snapped the O.I. " I'll send my lotters by a boy for the futuro. And if the missing letter comos to hand before we die don't publish it, because it dealt with the voto of a legislator, who has since eloped with his wife's half- sister." "Eh! Hero, give us the facts. I'll mako a sensation of that." " Eight; I'll post them to you." " Good Lord, no 1 Wo go to press at 2 o'clock to-morrow morning." "Well, that's all right. I can liavo it roady in an hour. It is how 10 o'clock - this morning. I'll post it by noon, and you will gob it by the' 3 o'clock delivery." " Not much. I'll send a boy up to your office now, and wbon it's roady send him off and tell hipi to travel." " Don't trouble, I'll tolepliono when I'm ready." necessity for a eulvort at Carrol's Crossing being in progross. At 11 o'clock next morning, worn out with legislation, ho openod tho door of his suburban villa and kickod the morning papers over a missive 011 tho floor. It was the telegram dis patched the previous night. On the hall table was a note from his wife, who had returund to her mother at Mangloton, intimating that her brothor, who weighed . 13st 91b, would call in a week or so, and ; oudeavor to induce him to disclose the name of the creature for whom ho had nbandoued, ero the last quarter of tho honeymoon liad dimmed, tho woman I10 > had sworn to love, &c.; Or Jimson would telephone to his better half that Johnson was to accompany him to dinner, and requnst her to provide some thing special, as Johnson was a valuable client. (This service was arranged for tho special convenience of suburban dwellers, the message boing 'phoned to the local < telegraph office, and thence dolivered at telegraph rntos as a telegram). Jimson and Johnson reached the homo of the for mer four hours after tho despatch of tho notice, to find tho telegraph messongor just leaving tho place. Mrs. Jimson, in toars and dishabille at tho foot of the stair case, and nothing to oat in tho establish ment hut some cold pio and half a rooster, which Jimson himself had referred to tho previous day as being older than Way man's cockatoo, which old-man Wnyman proudly boasted he had brought from tho Capo with him in 1S27. am Of course those were accidents, and sometimes did not happou. Often letters and messages woro delivered, at distances ' of as much as ten miles betweou, the samo day. On such occasions the local papers printed puff paragraphs which were copiod by the Mudtown Monitor, and the in habitants banquotod the chiof of the Po3b Office and presented him with valuable articles which lio could pawn when he boenmo tho rejected instoad of the olocted of his constituents. «t There was also a parcels post sy stom in tho Mudtown scheme. Under this, persons desirous of transmitting presents, such as flowers, fruit, prosorvos, &e.;, gonorally wished they had not been seized with tho dosire. Flowers fade and fruit decays, and prosorvos put up by one person are often pub down by nnothor. Undor tho P.P. "Tolophene? Don't attempt it. You'd, go to the instrument and ring up, and get us in about half an hour ; then you'd ask; the business office to put you ou to me, and .in twenty minutes you would bear someone say, ' Yos.' That would be me. Eight ou top of this you would hoar » sound liko B-r-r-r-r.' That closes you out. Wo are cut off. I don't know what you would say, bub I can imagine it — though I am somewhat religious. You would spend some momont3 in profane reference to my self and tho Monitor, and the telephone and the post- offico, and all that therein is, and then tear up your article and take out your advertisements. No, sir. Wo'll work this thing down fine with boy labor. Let mo manage it my way." am Tho post-office at Mudtown was a noble, structure, with slits in the wall in which letters might bo placed. " Posted" is tho correct term, or "mailed." Tho process was a very simplo ono. For instance, Brown wishod to inform Jones, who lived, say, a mile away, that ho dosired to meet him at 4 o'clock that afternoon to consider an investment involving thousands of pounds. At 10 o'clock in the morning ho droppod tho letter iu tho slit and it bocamo then tlio property of the chief of the post- office, who, under tho Barntarian system, was at liborty to open, and if ho pleased, detain it. As hosomotimesdid. Of course JoneB might got tho lottor, and of course he might not. It was oven hotting either way. eoo Or Smith, the lately o\Qctod and latoly married legislator, at ten minutes to 8 p.m. wired his wife that tho House would probably sit all night, a long dobate on tho systom of Barataria, faded flowors and dead fruit, and brokon preserve jars and crushed bonnots, and soilod dress goods were regularly delivered a few days, aftor due date. It Jb beyond doubt that our postal system was oxcellonb as n system. Ia addition to a dome on tho P.O., which was higher than the Tower of Babel, thore was a pillar at tho cornorsof most main streets into which lotters could bo dropped. Thoy wero mostly taken to tho P.O. to be sorted out for delivery, but at times wore a trifle late in going through. Out of the cloaring of these boxes originated the ancient Bnratarian expression, " From Pillar to Post." But our luueli-travelled oldoat inhabitant said tho Gystoiu was too blanked systematic for him, and ho wrote numerous letters to the Monitor, signed " Vigilant," nnd " Vox Populi," and "Subscriber," and " Nomo," and " The lottor that nevor came," &c.;, pointing out that if smart delivery woro roquirod, tho up-to-dato citizon would oither send his letter by a parcels van, or take it along himself. Other correspondence traversed his views, and argued on his criticisms, and at length from tlio ranks of the patient and the long- sufferiug BnratarianB aroso ono who, without making any fuss or writing any lotters, or attempting in any way to inno- vato Mudtown, arranged the difficulties, and placed our postal system alongsido tho leador3 in tho procoasion. Ho hung out hiB shingle, tho " Mudtown Exprosa Mossongors," nnd advertised that he would deliver letters, parcels, fruit, flowers, clothes, nnd tinware; send for wraps in wot wenthor and for whiskies in tho thirsty hours of fchd day; cail tho doctor, or make that interesting run for tho necessary old lady who is at times wanted in the best regulated families, and will continuo to be wanted until tho Now Woman causos lior efface- monfc. Ho would send _ for forgotton keys or papers, deliver suitable messages on occasions when reputable citizens woro compelled to sit by tho bodBidoB of sick friends, and generally remove every exist ing disability of communication. 'The idea caught on like a bull pup to the conclusion of a cat, and Mudtown was happy. Tho oldest inhabitant was ban queted, for ho fathered tho idea. "Vox Populi" and tho rest wroto long letters approving tho anti-postal system ; even tho interrupted course of true love ran smoothly, and tho lengthy drought broke up. Barataria bad its skates on, and was going to the front with a rush. Smartly- uniformed boys on the beat of bicyclos raced through thoatroets bearing messages, packages, &c.;, from point to point, tho telephone fell into disuse, tho telegram was rarely seen, tho parcels po3b was unbhought of, and letters wero only sent in tho uinilbags to plac03 far from the metropolis. The revenue wont down like a runaway elevator, and the lieart of the chief of the Post-office was as heavy as a piece of lead. Thousands of lotters, &o.;, were delivered weekly, and tho passage of the bicycled messengers through the stroets, their bolls clanging like the gongs of the fire-engines, was the signal for a general seatteratiou of the slow horse- traffic and some smart foot work by pedes trians. The head of tho Post-offico began to grow through his hair, and the desirable ness of doing away with the system was seriously debated in Parliaiuont. » o This brought tho Minister to a head. Tho proposal worked like a linseed poultice on a blind boil. Ho stamped his feet. The public no longer stamped their lotters. Ho stamped again. A postage stamp. A slave entered. " Bring mo tho traitor who is trying to ruin the country," commanded the chief. And the slave went, to the State House and told Parliament the Minister wanted to see it. After a now slave had been appointed, which took somo weeks (the appointment having to bo decided by the Executive) the chief of tho Express Messengers was brought before the Head of tho Post-office and threatened with a fine of .£4000 unless he at once closed up his business and re moved his bucket from boneath the milk works of the- Stato cow. " You are 'defrauding tho rovouuo," said the Head of the P.O. " You aro carrying unstamped letters. You are intorforing with the concerns of tho State. D your messengers. I will do what you are doing. Begone! Hoof it! Got a move on. I will have the system, and the work is to be done my way. " But the public, sire," vontured the messenger, humbly, " the public " " The public bo d— d," roared the head of the P.O., " and you be d— d ; got out." "Well, I'm d — d," commonted the mes songor, and he got out. bo Then tho system was restored, and the quiet and decorous postman and telegraph boy and telophonoer returned to thoir dutioB, and tho triumph of tho systom wna complete. Barataria slid back to its old place in tho rear of the procession, for tho chief of tho P.O., after delivering four express messages in fourteen days, roported to tho Parliament that tho public did not know what it wanted, and was no more in need of "oxpress messongora" thau an omu was in need of a pair of skates. And Parliament gavo him soveral loud and prolonged cheers, and went on with tho consideration of a moasure, introduced by the hon. mcmbor for Logan's WatorholO, having for its objoct tho extermination of the paddy-melon and oilier poisonous plants. 