Mora's Prayer. BY A. <!. HALES, " SMII.KK." In a pretty little cottago close to Manly Beach, facing the glorious Sydney Harbour, a young mother sat by a child's bed, holding upon her knees a tiny, blue-eyed, golden-haired baby girl. The lamplight fell upon the mother and the child, who formed a perfect picture of domest ic beauty. The matron was in the radiant bloom of womanly maturity. Her lace was not faultless in outline, but it was the face of a good woman \- a woman who could be trusted with a man's honor under any circumstances. The. forehead was too high for feminine loveliness, but it lent dignity to the mother and the wife ; the large darkbrown eves were windows out of whose unsullied dept lis a loyal soul glanced fearlessly upon all the world. The greatest libertine that ever lived could not have looked upon that fact; and not have felt that one at least of Cod's creations was above the reach of bis craft, for even the worst of men feel when a pure-souled woman stands before them as they do when loitering | in some grand cathedral aisle, listen- ; ing to tin 4 deep tones of an organ | pealing forth the masterpieces of earth's greatest musicians. The : mother robed tin' child in her little snow-white bed-gown, and then the i baby knelt at her knees, and burying her pretty face in the mother's soft j hands, she clasped her rosy fingers and prayed : and the burden of her | prayers was for the father far away j on the Coolgardie goldfield, facing hunger, thirst, privation, and perhaps even death, in that waterless wilder- ! ness, that he might win gold from the soil for his wife and baby girl. If angels have ears, and eves, and hearts i surely that sweet, low lisping voice, so weak in physical force, so strong in simple faith, must have moved them to teiiderest tears. As the little one, the absent digger's absent, darling, sent her quaintly-worded petition up toward the great blue skv where she believed the great Cod of the universe dwelt, the mother's eyes filled with liquid love, and she knelt by her baby and pillowing the curly head upon her ! shoulder and incircling her soft yieldi ing form with one other own shapely arms , she too, lifted up her own voice in prayer, asking the (!od of her fathers to look down in mercy upon the brave bread-winner so far away amidst peril and privation. The lamplight, fell upon the pair of : bowed beads, tie. 1 gentle half-subdued light kissing the glossy locks of both, and lingering around thein like a halo of peace, and puritv. At last the mother arose from her knees, the goldi n head lav heavily upon her shoulders, the tired eyes were half closed in slumber, but the pretty pouting lips, that looked like two love kisses lent by 11 (Hins t<> a n eart lily sister, niumured in broken prattle, '.Mama, (iod answers prayer.' It was the lesson the mother's lips had taught from the day the baby tongue had learnt, to talk (iod answers prayer. Out in the western bush far away to the north east of Peak's Find out of the track even of the most daring eunel equipped prospectors, a man was standing, looking up to the stars. A strong man, b ti t as only the athletes raised and trained upon Australian soil can be built, strong as an Fuglish squire, but lighter, quicker, keener in mike and shape, built, for speed, for power, for endurance, broad in the shoulder, narrow in the flank, full in j the throat and neck, deep in the chest, long and smewv of limb, a. man over j whose head thirty the years had scarcely rolled. What, was he thinking of as he stood looking towards the sky not of gold --curse the gold, the yellow tempter that had lured him onward until he stood face to face with an awful death, hundreds of miles inland from the coast line. Mona,little Mona ! How the name glided on the swollen tongue and baked and bleeding lips. He looked down at his feet, ; there in the dry sand he had scooped a hole an hour before sunset and laid the last of his mates to rest to keep the body from the jaws of the pack of wild dogs that, scenting death, had followed them during the day, and were even now howling round his camp. One by one his horses had given out, the blacks had speared his camels a week before, and for four days no water had passed the goldhunter's lips ; death had laid his mate out cold and stiff at eventide, and now he was alone lost in the bush Christ have mercy on the wanderer now, nature will have none. Little shame to him that bis stout heart faltered ; the tears that Idled his aching eyes were no slur upon his manhood. Every limb was trembling with weakness, his head reeled, sense and strength alike were leaving him, yet one thought remained. " Mona, Mona," came again from the lips now red with blood that his clenched teeth had drawn ; it was the name of his wife, tin; inline of his child. Then reason left her throne. He laughed, tore the clothing from his emaciated bodv, and hurled the fragments from him, and plunged forward in the sand, as though cleaving his way with the strong strokes of a practised swimmer through the blue waters of the Sydney harbor ; then he called aloud to comrades of other days, shouting to Harry Searle, Peter Kemp, and Jim Stansburv to join him, laughing in that mockery of mirth which comes to those who perish in the wilderness. Then the madness passed away for a space. He saw the moon come fo'tli and shine down upon him, and be looked upon the nude limbs and knew that the end was near. Yet a thought came to the, flickering brain, "Cod answers prayer." A hundred times he had heard his wife whispering those words to the, baby Mona in the happy days gone by. He who had never prayed since boyhood knelt and prayed to (iod for succour, not for his own sake. Still the cry was " Mona, Mona,'' even as reason again trembled to its fall. The dingoes' savage howl mingled with the digger's prayers ; perhaps that was why the recording angel who always answers prayer did not catch the maddened father's last sad appeal for help and pity, but he did not catch it. What form is that which speeds ghost-like and swift across the sandy desert, where only the dog weed and the spinifex grow, and snakes and vermin thrive. A lonely prospector mounted upon a fleet earned is guiding himself by the stars. He knows his course and goes onward without wavering, and his path leads him within eye-shot of the kneeling man. lle wheels bis camel and rides forward swiftly, rnstinct tells him that help is needed by that lonely wayfarer, out in the far-reaching hush with neither horse or dromedary picketed or hobbled beside him. The gold hunter looks up, his finger is upon the trigger of his revolver. He sees the succour so near at hand, and, with a groan, murmurs 'Mona, Mona, it is the lust madness, (Jod does JK>( ans \ er prayer.' The cold barrel of the revolver presses his broad chest, the tired linger tightens on the trigger, and as the rescuer's camel drops on its knees almost, at bis .side, the night's winds carry onward the crack of the d-'athdea.ling weapon as the poor tivmbling body falls fa.ee downwards upon the grave where his mate is lying, Quick I v the si,ranger's water-bag i- at his parched lips, slowly the ebbing tide of life streams back, and n as*m com : s to tin; bewildered biain ere it is chilled for ever, as the western skv brightens for a moment before nieht, sets in. ' Mona, my Mona,' is the last, sigh that leaves his heart, and with that well-loved name upon his lips In? hands hack his miner's right to the Great Warden of Creation. 