TALES OF OUTLAWS. rCOPYMGIIT. VIVID AND REALISTIC' PICTURES PXST. Selected, from the Diary and the Correspondence of an Old Colonist. SHE GRIM CAPE GOT- LAWS. i (JjY SEVEN' FARTS.) PART II. ' Phillips carried a pistol, and with the strength of despair efforts were made to get -at' it; but- without avail. A dark mist swam before his eyes and soon the struggles of the strangled man became less. Not so the grip of Stuart, for the time he was a maniac, and the one idea which possessed him with such terrible persistence was to kill the man whose throat he clutched. It was nearly ten minutes later when Hodgson, with one of the assigned ser vants and his daughter, came with lights to search the garden in quest of Phillips, and only then did the tall form of Stuart rise up from the ground and look about. The figure on the ground was motionless', and the black ened features, wide-open, staring ieyes and protruding tongue told but too surely the fate which had overtaken Constable Phillips. . 't Stand there, you scoundrel, or I'll fire. I'll put a bullet through your un- worthy carcase if you attempt to run. ' away 1" cried Hodgson as he advanced to the spot and thought the figure he saw was that of Phillips. \- The motionless man was silent, and as the settler flashed the light on his lace he did not at first recognise him. The 1 close-cut hair and shaven face made a very great difference in the ap pearance of Stuart, but as soon as Amy saw his face she knew who it was. Al most at the same moment the dark figure on the ground was noticed, and after kneeling beside it for a few seconds the settler rose and said— . "This is a bad job, Stuart. The fellow is dead, and I suppose you have done.it This means death to you if caught, and I'm sorry you let us see you here; Get away as quickly as you can unless you want to ruin us also." " Ah, I forgot about that !" exclaimed Stuart, waking. as though from a leth argy. " Of course, what a fool I am. What can I do to prevent harm now? He deserved "death, you know, and I'm not sorry my. hand dealt it out, but I see how awkward it will be for you, Mr. Hodgson. I'll give myself up and that will save you." - — . . "You- will not Why should -you place yourself on the hangman's hands for a wretch like that ? , If you have any regard for me, don't do what you say." >' i It was Amy Hodgson who spoke, and her demeanour showed, how firm she was in the resolve. T-Ier eyes fairly blazed with determination and she' cast a contemptuous glance at the still form on the grass. There was neither re gret nor compunction in her manner. "You must save yourself, and I will give you all the help possible. . Perhaps you will be able to get away from the 1 colony, and in the meantime can you not get a safe retreat in the ranges. You know that great Tier in the Eliza beth-- Range well, and I will, try and keep you in food," the girl said, coming to his side and whispering to him. The love of life was strong in the breast of the young man, and lie speedily realised that it. would not.be \- wise to surrender without a . struggle. He knew the ranges well, but the soli- tude of the life which he must follow \vas more, feared by him than human foes. Even at the moment he recol lected about Ayers, and a desperate re solve entered his mind. . The assigned servant had been at once sent back to the house by the girl, and he could trust her and her father to the ut most." ... ..... '? I.wjllitake to the bush," he at length said; "but I must try and get my friend at the station .to go with me. If I put -.on the cap and jacket of this, fellow," looking down at the body of Phillips, ' " I may' be able to carry out a pian ; I have formed to liberate Ayers. At any rate, it is worth trying, and even , if I fail there will not be much lost. . Better the scaffold than, a solitary life in the bush, afraid. to go. to sleep lest capture ' overtake one. It will be best for ypu ! to say that I killed this man, Hodgson. If not, suspicion may point, to you and v. the situation wiil be made worse. .You can state that I. escaped. It will be .better, for, all of us." . . v ! , - The. settler was certainly in an a wk- \- - ward position. .He did not clearly see what was best io be done at the moment. There was no doubt his own position was not. an enviable one. .It .-.went' against his- grain to tell the "''biboitiesthal.,' Charles. Stuart had 'iriurdered Phillips, .and if be did not. bo \- so suspicion /would . point .to. himself. ! The body being found in his garden after the insulMo his daughter, and the. well-knqwn fact that he (Hodgson) had' ! denounced the constable a/tnqntjv.pre- yiously .would all.teU agaiqst bim.'j " It's a bad case, '/he said, in a help- . less sort of a way. ' Why . djdnH . y.ou ... .try,a'nci keep yoiir bands, off, !o.r;''stop; % short before .you . wen t ., .to ' th e ' end '/ / Nothing but trouble and ruin will come /of it, ,I'musurev „,Yo.u foust' get 'away! at , once, ,and I suppose JTI ba ve to the'staiidn arid'tcU thc authorities the. -. story." » > .... . -r ... - ' .... '.'Give me .two ..hours,. IVill you ?" '. asked 'Stuart. ' -. ; - . -' ../ ?'./, j; :i lL!!/!'!7!!vr! ' ./',/eitlVer ,under/ld$/ririd1 key; bnbtarting hg ri . i n" a.' lovVe. vqi ce . ' / ' be spoke to the girl, toe pu.tporb pf, J.be conversation being his visit to the station .and,, alsp „a, request- that... she would ,.prepa,rp;thjm— -jjf returned — a few articles!. of clothing, some, fopd, tjnder.-box, qnd other useful things, for a bush life. . 1 , It was some time before, the father and daughter left him, but as soon as they did Stuart removed the uniform jacket and cap from the dead man' and donned them. He also took, the pistol and ammunition, and though the coat was rather small for him, it was not very noticeable at night. The daring scheme which he. proposed to put into execution was .of, the most dosp.erate nature, it might work, but. the chances were terribly against it unless the offi- cials at the station were, neglectful, The young man meant to. personate Constable Phillips, though he was not at all like the dead man. Stuart had a pretty fair knowledge of the station and its regulations, and he meant to turn it to account. At -night few of the -con stables were on duty as the warders had the fclons.under lock and key. A por tion of. Phillips's duty, was to go round the cells and dormitories about nine o'clock and see that everything . was safe.: As a. rule he did the work alone, and the keys were given to him for the purpose-by the chief warder. Without delay Stuart made away from' Hodgson's farm to the station, which he reached in about an hour. Walking boldly to the outer office he asked the warder, in a voice not unlike that of Phillips, for the keys as he wanted to take his usual round. They were handed to him without a word, and then the young man directed his steps, towards the prisoner's, barracks where, of course, the great danger would be: The first difficulty which confronted him. was the locale of his .friend, Ayers. Of course through the machinations of the dead constable, the convict after his punishment had been removed from the position of servant and placed in one of the gangs. That included his transference from the hut to the main barracks which were rather extensive. Luck was decidedly on the side of Stuart, . A couple of warders were in the long room, but not a constable- was to be seen. As the latter would, of course, know Phillips at a glance. their absence was almost providential,, and, with more than usual assurance, Stuart began operations. One after another the doors were .opened, and his keen glance wandered around in search of Ayers. In the third dormitory the convict was found, and in a low tone Stuart told him to dress and follow him as the chief wanted to see him.' The first look which the convict gave - was enough to satisfy him of the identity of his visitor, or rather to give. him the impression that the constable was no ' other than Stuart. . He considered that ; hisformer friend had joined the official: ranks, and a sense of. satisfaction filled- him as he reflected that he would have at least one. man. at the station, vyho' would treat him fairly/ Leading the convict out the massive; door was shut, bolted and locked and' the trap thro.wn open! .. Walking boldly up. the long room with.Ayers following, the two warders were passed and the- barracks left. The, keys were left with; the chief warder, and then the two men: headed in the direction of the officer's; quarters. When a sufficient. distance had been traversed Stuart extinguished the light,! and said — " I suppose you know me, Ayers ?" : " Yes. What does this move mean ?" came the answer. . . ! " That you are free to escape, if yoq care to. I've killed Phillips/and mean' to take to the bush. Will you . go . with me ?" . t t The proposition was a rather startling one, and ninety-nine men out of a huh-, dred would.-' have- refused acceding tcj the request. The life of a bushranger was scarcely a whit better than that of a convict, 'and often it was far. wbrse/ It usually led to the grave, and unless a man had potent reasons for making such a change lie rarely took the step; . , There whs . no hesitation, ' However) about William Ayers. His mind. was formed in a moment. ! "Yes," he,. answered, . chiyaltohsly; " I'll go with you. "'I can't be .worse' off in the .bush- than here, and .-I'm glad you've put that, scoundrel out of the way. . You '..have', saved me . the . job, ' Ayers fiercely concluded,., / " Let us get down. by the wharf and then cut across to the ,faWn of I-Iodgr son. . I've made arrangements to get a swag . there, and it is on our way. to the Tier. We'll not be noticed along the river-side, and you must get a change, as soon "as. possible." . r . In five minutes the two. men were clear of the station, and Tone of the simplest ' yet ' boldest. !..esciipes ,qv;er planned anil carricd'out'. on /tliq.. island had been achieved. Of course it gave rise to an official scandal and " Ayers's Escape," as. it was. termed,, was ' the means of completely altering cer'tain!of the, regulations in the' disci pjine , of the prisons ; r.7;,, .' Aitired in tfie!cbriyict clotpqj .as .be was, care had-to be takeniby Ayers' not '.to be,. seen', but the. risk;'!was a/slight .ope as . th"e two., menjspe'eif.lffhe station behind a.n.d!. headed -'fpt: 'Hbdg-; son's farm, iy was/reached witHiii the' ' hou'r .atidVtfifeJtlel'jW&Jfqun; point'!. of taking statiop. .It." would be fully ..two hours before he would return, 'and. that -\vas considered quite, sufiicient.start 'for "the .fugitives..;, 3'he, settler, did Nqpf remain many moments with the'twobut se't off o'n!his hateful mission! ' " " . Nl,iss'..iHpdgs;9n Ijijd.j.npteendle since her sweetfieaVt ieftj- thbugh 'her heart misgave her that he .would not re- turji.. He hadbriefly told.berdf his in- hop&less; "to carry to success... .Glpomjj; <t|;-th'e future w'as the /girl .'could;! steely .'.re- \- s t roae ' lip ' ' t o'fc ji e. " h/qm est'y , ' aV? ! is h e wasAmazedtbsee.tbaL was suppbsed.to beMdefiloclthtl! fe'e'y. ! was 'witfi"fitni; .! " r" ':p: minbtes, and.tben the ; wo -yyagp tyhtch had bbeh':prebared "were brought our. There was food enough to last nearly a month. with that which could easily be obtained in the bush. Two muskets and; a. plentiful supply of ammunition were' handed; to Stuart, and with the other articles quite a.'< suitable .kit was gathered. . .. '-T will see ..you, this day fortnightiat the-f BlackiFalls/ near., the-.Tier, /and bring -, you further,, supplies," the , gjrl whispered to Stuart, . . "Be very, careful, or they may follow you. You must be as cunning ps a foxj" said the man,,... .. . , ,, , , .'iLdop't see, 'how, they can' suspect ine, but I yirtil take care not to lea'd'.a'ny!- one to you. Perhaps' I may be a, day or two later than I say, but! you'll know there is good cause, for the delay if "it should occur. You must get'a'way now, or' danger may come," Amy said, and in a: few .moments the fugitives were leaving the . farm-house and heading due. west.- . - , ...» The-, three assigned-scrvants . were well disposed towards Stuart who. when working with ; them ..had shown , every kindness that lay , in bis power.., , In fact only_one of them/.was awai'p.of tjj whole paifttcufare.relatin'itojtli'trstEy' of the night, and, he was .hot '..'disposed to be loquacious on the Subject. "He would rather far have assisted' the young man to escape.thah.have led the pursuers on his traqje. It was nearly eleven o'clock when Hodgson reached the station, and ye commandant was . considerably, astbja- ished at the story he had to tell., . "Why, inan," he said, ."Phillips -.was on duty an hour- or so since. How could he have .been, killed, when you say ? There must be some mistake. Here, Stevens, -go ..and-tell -Sanders I want him." Sanders was the head-gaoler, and that official informed his chief that Phillips had paid the usual visit of ex amination about half-past nine and .re moved one of the prisoners. " Removed one of, the : prisoners, eh ! .Who gave him authority, .to do that?. Who; did he remove?" asked; the chief, suspiciously. . . , . . "No. .841, sir- ..1 concluded he.had authority from you as lm generffily has, and, of course, did not interfere /as I' had' no right to do so, "...answered the head-gaoler, . , , "You should have seen the order-at all events. I .don't quite make this, out. I-lodgson here says Phillips was' killed. to-night, about eight o'clock, and if so, it was his ghost you must have seen." . , .... .. "I didn't see him myself, sir. \Vilks and Jones saw bim.1' . "Send them to me at once. There is something wrong. Don't delay a" minute !" exclaimed the commandant.'" In a very short time the two turnkeys : were in the presence 'of their-chief, and -when they began to explain- the per sonal; .appearance of the supposed " Phillips" the .head. of.the civil, der partment jumped to his feet, with a half- suppressed oath, and.started to pace up and down the office in no'aimableframe of.mind. : . . . , .. . . . . ; " Who do you suspect of killing Constable-Phillips ?" he asked Hodgson at last. - - . - .. ".I am sorry to say I suspect no one, for I- know who the murderer is. ... That.- misguided- -Stuart killed, him. ; We. .caught him just, after, the constable was dead, but he got away before .wp q.uite; knew all that had happened " answered the farmer; reluctantly. "Ah ! That is pretty smart work. Why, he only got out of gaol this after noon.' What was Constable Phillips doing at -your place, Hodgson ?" asked the- chief.-,. . - .. . ... , I don't., .know,. $ir. bjy daughter. ,was coming through the garden, about ,dusk' when he, intercepted her. and be haved very badly! , He wanted. fp fpr(qe her into promising to. bucqnic his wife, but she managed to, get away from him and ran screaming to the house. Her cry must .have, attracted the attention of Stuart, for' when welsparch'cd tlie'fil'acc with. lights to, try- and secure- Phillips .we. found the copstgblc, cleacl apd my late workman, standing over 'the body. Hjidid not.deny his guilt, , but madeofj" as quickly, .as possible,, an d_ I ichew 'it would he .useless, to attepipt hi capture myself," replied the settler. " '-'Yes ; he is a po.wgrful.. ruffianj and your. I.ilc, would- not: be worth much - if you came, to close grips tyith jiinv ..-He cannot get' far qway, .anji .we'll, spon. run; hiqi .dowq, . D.ut wfo" <ld'j'hay& come here to-night under the guise of Phillips ? Why, surejy to goodness the scoundrehwould, not haye-had-the cool daring and cheqk to personate the con stable and liberate Ayqr?? .Yet, , con fusion! it must. be.. ; Of course, I, see it, now. He was sailing ,ip the same boat with the.convict and wanted copi- pahy in the bush. Well, it is the cpolestr-thing I. .iiave ever-.. heard rpf, and there will be a deuce of a_row when the .news/gets, Ao headqparters. ... What on earth' were sy op. 'feljQ.ws! thinking about not to know whether1 or not 'it was Phillips you saw- in th.C; long. room ? You,knp.w. ho hq a.beard/.iind.the man to-night had not," ho added, turning to the turnkeys.- .- ' , ",1-Ie, mjght hayp, shaved during the v rtday, /gir, ; and'! wq . dpn'l naty tj>e .jgon- ! -stables' very-jwelk:- Tndee'd,: we' fiad no suspicion. at- all,- He -had the-, master keys, and that wqs procif cnougH for us, 1 asir.-- /Besides, -ho had.oq/Uqtforni," .re; . vplied'one;of. theitaert;,. ), I . ". Uniform,- eh . k Where could -he-get , .that/?' .qucrjed thechief. -;7,, "A ! He!- might 'have; returhedi'.tb-.ithe body of rPhillips:Knd taken some of his clpthes ,whiip ,L >vas. getting', ready to come here," suggested ! Hodgson." v"y y? ThtS'whs',quite p6ssible'aiid 'probdlble i action .wasfriecessnry'a .'party wasvafonce fitted ' .out> and /ordcrcdi- to prbeeed > io'nthe ; cqffimin'd bf. Heniyir ahd'. the/i'piirtiy i <prbof ibait vthe/mis'sifigtiniforrn'/'ihad i s bfe'hniTysatq'i'efifepHitbMberatibnoi 1 don vich ' ( .-William 'Aytrs. - 1 ( -r I j. 