DYNAMITE FOR SHARKS. ——— THERE are not many ways of de- stroying this hated and dreaded sea-tiger. To harpoon it needs a practised eye and a cunning hand ; moreover the vessel should be at anchor or becalmed and the shark stealthily moving within reach of the harpooner's muscle. The lump of beef or pork, the large hook con- nected by a chain to the line, the adroit paying out of the bait in the true spirit of malignant coquetry— these are the old fashioned and still enduring devices, which have been the reason of many thousand of the sailor's abhorred enemy giving up the ghost, and then returning lo the deep in mutilated fragments, to serve as food for other sharks. But, unhappily, this method of fishing is not sure. The creature often escapes after gorging the hook. To make his destruction certain it is necessary to blow him up ; and this has been performed with such great success as not only to entitle those who undertook the business to the applause of the sea- faring world, but to invite earnest imitation of whenever opportunity suffers imitation to be possible. The story has been thus related : A ship was lately laying off Port Natal, when several huge sharks, some of them exceeding 15 feet in length, were observed sweeping under the vessel's counter and along her sides. A hook was baited and thrown overboard, and was im- mediately swallowed by one of the biggest of the sharks, which quietly cut the line with his teeth, taking no further notice of it. The follow- ing stratagem was then hit upon —: The breast of a buck that was rather ' high,' and the fitter bait in consequence for sharks, who cannot be regarded as very nice in their eating, was weighted that it might sink ; and inside of it there was placed a hand charge of gun cotton, the whole being connected by a wire with an electric battery. No sooner had the venison reached the water than the shark made straight for it, but just as he opened his mouth to swallow the bait the charge was exploded, his jaws being completely shattered. The monster turned on his back and sank in the bay. Here is a satisfactory assur- ance that there is one shark less in the sea, though such is this fish's extraordinary tenacity of life that, had the shark not made a sure death sign by turning on its back and quietly sinking, the blowing away of part of the head would not have persuaded those who knew the creature's vitality to feel sure that he was dead. Cut a shark into pieces, and like fragments of the everlasting worm, each piece will go on pulsing with a hideous instance of life. ———— 