The Country Pulpit, j ' Wc have an advocate with the Father.'— 1st John II., I. Quito a number of preachers begit tli-'ir tei'.uuim by saying that their text in the most bnr.utiful, or one of the most bi au'.it'ul to be found in thepnges of Holy writ, and the reason if, that when n passage oF scripture is choai n and studied prayerfully it seems to get brighter and more lovely' as we turn it over aud exnmino it, till at last we be come so absorbed with it-that all others for the time are eclipsed. But if it is possible to compate one text of scrip ture with another, surely tho one be fore UBwill tnke a conspicuous place! TCe have an advocate : An advocate is one who pleads, an intorcessor, one who embraces tbe cnuso or interests of another and acts as mediator. Just as Aaron pleaded with God to spare the people who wero plagued for rebellion, he stood between the living and the dead and made an atonement, so the plaguo was stayed. St. Paul was also nn advocate when he was before the Eoman Governors ; there be stood flit!) stretched out arms and earnestly pleaded tbe cause of Christianity. But the Lord Jesus is tho King .of advo cates. It is ho who is mentioned by St. John as being 'our advocate with the Father.' On the cross ho pleaded for sinners, and now in Heaven. He is tho one who not only gave himself for us, not only paid the sacrifice for our transgressions, but is still pleading for us, that we may 1 e forgiven,. ' abun dantly pardoned,' and filled with love, humanity and nil goodness. But what, influence haB Jesus with Almighty God? We know that an advocate of tho Supreme Court of our country must have certain qualifica tions to enable him to act. An un qualified person would not have the in fluence before the court that a Barris ter would have. Much higher then would be the qualifications for an ad vocate before our God ai.d Creator in such an important case as the forgiving and saving of Binners. Christ Jesus willingly came amongst us, lived in a human body, was subject to tempta tions and passions as we are (yet with out sin). He knowingly took our punishment upon Him, poid the debt, made an atonement ' once und for ever ' and ' set us free.' — John III., 36. In that mighty sacrifice Josus paid for all the Bins that ever had been com mitted and ever would be committed. All the unlawful, hateful, murderous, and filthy crimed of fallen humanity were centred upon Christ. Is it any wonder then, in the agony of darkness nnd bitterness, that He should cry, ' My God 1 My God! Why ha-t Thou forsaken me ? ' Tho wonder is that the very angela of Heaven did not burst through their boundary and carry off their King from such a scene ; but no, ' He must finish Ois work.' So now He is our Intercessor at the Throne of Grace, and God the Futher will bear His pleadings, ' for the Fathev loveth the Sox' ' When J have erred and gone astray .. Afar from Thine and Wisdom's way, And see no glimmering, guiding ray Oh Saviour plead for me.. Whenever we have en important, law case, we naturally seek the advice and help of tbe best lawyer ; and it is necessary for ub to put our case very plainly before him. It will not do to beat about the bush ; we must tell him all ; even our own mistakes and faults must be told honestly, if we wish him to exert his influence on our behalf at the Court of Justice. And so it is with Christ ; He is our friend and advocate. There is not a case, however small, that ho will not win if we confide in Him, believe, and confess ; for we are told in tbe Epistle to the Hebrews — 'He is able to save to the toteemost, all that come to God by- Him, seeing that Ho ever liveth to make intercession for them.' The Scripture Bpeoks very decidedly upon this matter, and. shows that our Heavenly Father wishes the way of Salvation to be made plain to the ig norant as well aB the learned. The coldest hour of our life is when we have no one to confide in and trust ; when our sorrows and joys have to be borne alone, and every one seems dereitful and unfriendly. Likewise' i the warmest hour is when we can pour i out our hearts to some faithful friends, without any fear of ridicule;; and re ceive from them warm svmuathv and loving advice. How much more beautiful is it to confide in One who has always loved us, and who has the power to help and save us I What great encouragement those have, who are willing to give up their sins, and stand out on the side of Christ ! We know you are in bondage to sin, and you cannot break your bonds ; but you can do this — ' Look unto Him ;' Jesus says ' If ye continue in my word. . . . ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.' When we have been again and again engaged in secret sins, He has implored the Father to forgive us, and give us the chance to turn and live. ' Souls of men, why will ye scatter, Liko a crowd of frightened sheep ; Foolish hearts why will ye wander Prom a lovo so true and dcop ?' There is auother advocate at work, be- J sides JeauB ; Jesus is our advocate i with the Father, but the Holy Ghost i is God's witnesB and pleader with us, 'Proceeding from the Father and the Son, He pleads with us to turn and love our Maker and Eedeemer ; to throw off our coldness and hypocrisy, and repent. ' Oh Lamb of God that tnkest away the sins of the world — tuke away the sins of this parish and bring us back to God.' Amen. Mr. Willis wants to know from the Treasurer in the House whether in view of -the warlike events in the East the Government will introduce legis lation at once to prevent Japanese im migration into New South Wales. 