THE PROPOSED CHURCH UNION. THE DOCTRING OF THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION. In St Paul's Church last evenig before a crowded audience the Rev. W. C. Sadlier disoursed on the above subject. His text was :—"Stand last and be not held again under the. yoke of bondage.” Galatians v i (Doimy Version.) The lamachcr B aid lhls;orobiog fortnight* I spoke to you on »W subject oflbp proposed union of tbo Itom&n; and Anglican Ghurcboe, andelatcd tbst befo,* wo as Anglioans can unite with the Rom., Church two very Important.changes mutt taU Elaoo.: L Woropgt reverse the decision of iZ [oformatloDjftod 2. Tho Church of Romo must reverse her decisions-sioob the Reformation In the matters of tho Immaculate Conception of tho Blessed VirgiuMory and the offioi.i Infallibility of tbo Pope# In, briefly r » ferring to tbo .former I used tho f 0 i' lowing words It was on.-tbo 8th Decor,,' her, 1854, a year, memorable in tbo his’ lory of Bendigo, that Pope Pia B ix 0 » bis own responsibility added the nor) oriiolo of tho Immaculate. Conception to ttm Creed of the Bp.man Church. The doctrine of course. Is thpt tbo Blessed Virgin Mary A s mother of ont Lord, was sinless, a docl’rioc which is not only not scriptural, but absolutely denied by , the. ancient fathers to whom the Romanists themselves appeal/ a, I have boon invited To produce proofs of tbo statements made In this passage, I shall p j aco before you the evidence on which they wero based and incidentally show you what value wo are to attach to tho assertion that matter of the articles of the Roman Catholic Creed.is unchangeable." I shall now proceed lo show you from Scripture and from tho onoiCofc fathers that the doctrine of the sinlossdoss of the Blessed Virgin Mary is untenable. That there may |>o no confusion X shall classify the pa s . sages selected under different headings, end that there may bo no groat advan tage lo myself X shall make all u, 0 quolaiions from soriplure from, tbo authored Roman Catholic version, of the Bible, and as for tho quotations from the fathers, do., [ shall give you tbo translations of tho passim solcolod, while X shall place the original* with directions whore to And them In bracket? bo that limy m«y bo verified, It U a well-known fact that many of tho -smallest dolails in Uic life of tbo Lord Jesus are foretold in tho Old Testament., Even the bobavlor.of the Gontilo soldiers ,00'the, day of tbo crucifixion ia given in .detail in the Psalms—“They divided my garments among thorn and upon my vesture limy oast lots.” Now If tbo Holy Spirit thougbt .it good for us to have the prophecy of so minor a matter wo might'fairly expect that He would reveal in tbo Old Testament so great and paramount doctrine o.a tbo sin lesinoss of tbo Blessed Virgin , Mary. But what do wo, find? Not a single pas sago from beginning to' end that can bo honestly construed into a prophecy of the alleged immaculate conception. X merely mention Ibis in order that I may restrict your attention to tbo evidence of tho Now Testament alone. Now in tho New To?- lament the evidence is’of two kinds :-L Passages In which it is. directly stated that all bavo sinned, whore it is evident that Christ alone is not included; 2. passages in which the Blessed Virgin Moryls dealt with specially. Under the. first beading wc have chiefly the testimony of St, Paul; and so wo read, “ All have sinned rind do need tbo glory of God” (Romans Hi. 23). Again, “ Where fore as by one man sin entered into tbo world, and by sin death ; and so death passed upon all men in whom all have sinned”(Romao3 v. 12). But what have those to do with the einleBsoess of the Blessed Virgin Mary? Well this, that if you can show that Bt. Paul’s propositions are untrue in a single instance you prove that St. Paul while under the guidance of the Holy Spirit made a mis. stake. Hence cither the doctrine of tbo Roman Church is right or St. Paul's is wrong. Again in n Cor. v., 14.15, wo read, “Pot the charity of Christ prosseth us. Judging this that if one died for ail, (hen all wore dead, end Christ died for all. That they also who live may nob now live to themselves, but unto him who died for them and roso again.” On this passage let as facer what St. Augustine, Bishop of Hippo, about 400 ■A.D., says, “All, therefore, are dead in sins without ono single exception, either original or voluntary, whether by ignorance or by knowing and not doing what is right,” This is tbo candid opinion, of a saint quoted as an authority ;by Roman Catholic writers, and recognised as a father in tho Roman Church; and 1 have quoted bis comment hero for the double! purpose of explaining tbo meaning of the passage and at the same time of showing bis real opinion of tbo universality .of sinfulness. Yet other passages might ha quoted; but I think that there is sufficient proof in the foregoing that all, without, a single exception,- have sinned against God. Now let us turn to Chose passages which con cern the Blessed Virgin Mary more im mediately. Looking ■ into tbo Roman Catholic Bible we read (he Song of Mary in St, Lube, I, 47; “My son! dolh mag* nlfy the ' Lord and my .spirit hath re joiced-in Qofl my Saviour,” So than the Blessed; Virgin -bad a Saviour; but ac cording to the Roman Catholic doctrine she bad no sin at all, and so they know the spiritual condition of St. Mary belter Mary herself. But which are wo to boliovc? St. Mary ia A.D. 1, or Pope Pius IX in A.D. 1854? In the next verse wo have “For behold from henceforth all .generations shall call mo blessed,” and-this calls for two remarks. In tho Roman Catholic version there is a note 00 this verse to this effect: “Let Protestants examine whether they are in any way concerned with this propbcoy.” To the average Roman Catholic this would convey the impression that, wc call the Blessed Virgin. Mary by some other name. But surely I do not heed to re mind you that we have sung her famous hymn “The Magnificat” in our evening services for centuries, and devote two special days lo the scriptural feasts of. “Tho An nunciation,” and “The . Purification” of tbo Blessed Virgin Mary. The Implication in the note of course is. very clever, and very facile. Bub is it honest ? Is not. honesty tho first : necessary characteristic of a commentator ? Bat now, Why is the Virgin blessed? Is it because of her immaculate conception? Not at ail ;.for if tbo doctrine were true wc wonld have some statement of it here. Tbo reason is given in the 45th. verse, “Blessed art tbou that hast believed because those, things shall be accomplished that were spoken to thee by the Lord.” f So then the cause of the blessed ness was at that time dependent on the fulfil ment of God’s word, and was, still in tho future ! Lot me now turn;your attention to tbe well known words of , ouc Lord to His mother at The marriage in <Caua .of Galilee. You will remember that at the feast, tbo wine having failed, Mary said to our. Lord “They have no wine.” In roply Ip this our Lord useda stereotyped question which .occurs oino times altogether in. the .Roman Catholic Bible, In eight of these (Judges XI, <12; m Kings xvii,,18; iv Kings III, 18 i ■ U.ParaUpotucnoo xxxv, 21; Matthew vm;, 29; Mark i, 24; Mark v, 7, and Lpko vm, 28), tho question is translated in tbo authorised-English version .of the Roman. Catholic Bible as “What bavo I to do , with thee?” . Whereas in the case before us now, aUhouRb-tho same words in tho original, the question- is-.translated,“What is it to. mo and to Thoo?” and a note is added in :whioh there ia v an. .attempt made to lone down .what is irapliedJn the question. I shall .not give my own comment on this passage,but lask you to listen to.St- John .Chrysostom, who .flourishpd aboat A,D. 40d. ,; In his homily on this passage (St. J6hn n,4) ho remarksBat whon sbo beard: that John bad': come on Bis ecoount, and that he had bornosuoh witness to Him .as . he ; ..did,;-and: that, Ho hid disciples,, after. ■ that, she:'/ took: conflden® and palled.. Him and said; when they, wanted . wine ‘ They baye no wino-’ .; Fyt she .dosircid bothfco and through .heraonfco render. hbreoTf Jmpr© conspicuous; perhaps,,, she .hadsome human, feolingj like His • brethren, when % they -said J'Shoir thyself desiring to gain credit from His - miracles, ; Therefore he answered somewhat vehemently ‘ Woman,*\vhat have I lo do with thoo?’ For: where .parents cans# U P impediment pr hindranoo in things per our ; boundon duty to give way, to Ihem, and there is; great danger m hot dping so j but when., they require any thing .unreasonably.-j cause;' hindrance in any spiritual matter it ia.unsafo to oboy. Anil therefore Ho answorod so ..in this place ajid -; Again elsewhere, ‘Who .is. ray mother and who are my brethren ?’ because they did; ;hot think :.rjghjUy’.,'id!f; T-RBrn, ■ and she because...jsho had borne Him claimed ac cording . to thp custom of ; . other. motiiors To direct .■Him /in-,- all . lbings when she .ought to . have, reverence dun d. .worshipped Him. .. > J . ; v.V-:». - . is the reason wby PCp rebuked heir- 00" that Occasion, ■ Wditihn, >vhnt' do with .theoP instriiotingihec for tho fuluro not lo do tho like, because though' He was vary careful to-honor His: mother, yet Ho oared much more for the salvation y( . her- ■ soul, ■ and for the doing good to the many ; for which Ho took mpon Him the Roah: -(Homily on John ix. 4). ; Now turn to St. Matthow xir, 47-60, wbiph .tolls its own : 8tory-:—“And one said onto, Him, Thy mother; ond Thy brethren Btahd withoat, Beeking -Thoo.' ” Bat He anaworiDg him that told him',' and said, Who J& my; mother.and;who nro my. brethren i And sfrotchingJorlh His 'hand: towards His di8ciploS :XIo 6aid,.‘Bobold roy mothor and my brethren. .'.For whofloovec shnU do*: the w«U -ot,, my;.. Father that- is -in-* heaven he ;is.,\\.my .brother-and/sl8tor..aud-‘raotUor, Hcio molioo' that to our Lord- an something c do <so? : v Look. again;- ■ W o -ilnd The • .direct atntjunont, “ Whosoevoi shall do lb® w»U of niy Fathei, bo is* my brother and leietoyapd^ofchef.^iHtbiWfaVQrablctotbo aiolossnoss of thp Virgin It simply os a reminder v thRt f kho.wft8:n ) o6:to:int^rteM;Tfith'Hlir.i7ork, ,A. ;,belt^r v given./ to our -iii: Tiuko,'oci' 27, 2s; “ And ifcoarao to pass. as Ho spake those things,' .A " >’ from the - crowd,' . lifting bp; her’ vdico said:to-Him’ic Bresabd is the womp that.faoro tkco and tbo paps that gavolliosuok.,-. 'But ( He'siud; - i; Yea, -vath.br, blessed'arb tbey.wbo hcftr.tho ’word of' .God' i and ikcop ' why did • not/our Lord* At thisoxclnnmlioogiva us some word to on lighten us on tbo doctrino.of /immaculate con ception?' Wbnt moro; favorable opportunity : could possibly have boon. ' afforded to Him for ddingso? Yet there is-not- a singlo facc be yond?;tblBfrtbot -Mary was- ; blessed in baring such a fcon, and thohearors and , keepers of the 'word'of God" woroblotsed in their bearing nndkoopihg. - We bare then bore the , state ment jtbaV Jesos -granted'- that' Mary /was blessed,: and this -grant is only what St. Elizabeth,.the mother of St, Jobn| Baptist,and wbnt we all aa can make And noir ihat I must draw lbo scriptural- evidence to a.Close, allow mo to place before you the -passage in which for. thp last lime in Scrip ture: wo voaddffchoßlcssod Virgin Mary. It is in Acts 1.-’ :14. “All those (the Apostles) wore' pbraevcriog : .-with , one ' mind’ iii prayerj with’ the women and Mary, the mother of desua and with His brelborn ” Fromlhia time forth-she is hot mentioned in scripture.,. No mention of her is made in tbo rest of-the Acts,'nor in .tbo fourteen Epistles of JSt. Haul; nor in tbo Epistles of St. James, norin-tho Epistles ofthe alleged first Pope Peter,-nor in the Episllcs of St. John,' nor in the- Apocalypse. So closes on her the “word-ofGod that :cannot bo broken,” so .‘closes'the story of her wbo' is “ Blessed among women,” so the swdol, trusting, ■ honored, highly-favored,’Blessed Mary Is left: in the ■attitude of J prayor, and-so in God’s name, wo Uavoher. * ' \- Turning how to the.fathers lot us hear whet they have to -say about the nature of the Blessed Virgin. Ae in. the scriptural argu ment so hero, I shall place the testimony be fore you under the headings which I .hove already set forth. Tha l - Christ alone was with out sin is proved by the following passages Here Is wbnt Origon who nourished about A.D; 230 says “No ono therefore has over avoided'tlid snare, for ‘All have sinned,’ as it is written. And again as the Scripture saitb, There is hot a just man upon the earth who has done good and,bath hot sinned. Therefore' our Lord and Saviour Jesus' alone bos not Sinned, hut His Father madb Him sin for us ip order .that being in the likeness of sinful, flesh, for sin He might condemn sin. Ho therefore cable into "those snores, - but Ho; alone could* not bo entangled in them. Again bear St. Ambrose who flour ished about AD. - 374:—“'Of' all that, are born, of woman the , Holy Lord Jesus was the - only one who' did not exper ience tbo contagion of earthly corruption by means of the novelty of His immaculate birth, and by His Heavenly majesty repelled it.” (Works of St. Ambrose, vol. I, Bono dicture edition, 1300 B.) Ip addition to the. passage already quoted, bear what St. Augustine ’ of Hippo, who flourished about ,A.D. 400, says:—“Ho alone was born without sin .... whom tho Virgin conceived hot by concupiscence of the flesh, but by tbo obedience of the She alone could prepare tho medicine forour wound who pro duced an offspring without tbo wound of sin.” To complete the evidence- at present on. this point, I shall therely givo you brief extracts from four of the Popes, some of whom arc how canonised saints of. the Church of Borne. 1\. St Loo the Groat, Pope of Borne (AD. 440-461) says“ Therefore tho Lord Jesus along omoog the sons of men was . born innocent because Ho alone was conceived without tbo pollution of carnal concupis cence.”' 2. St. Qelhsius, Pope (AD. 492- 496) says:—“lt belongs to the Immaculate Lamb to have no sin at all.” 3. St, Gregory the Great who sent tbo monk Augustine to England about A.D. 698, and was Bishop of B6me at that, time, saysHO (i.e. Jesus) alone was born truly holy.? 4. And lastly Pope John IV (AD. 640-642), says:—“lt .is folly and blasphemy to say that man is with out sin, which none can bo, but only the mediator of God and men, tho plan Christ Jesus who was conceived and born without sin." ' Having thus given you the above proofs of the doetrino that Christ alone is-without sin, I shall now pass on to some of the fathers who declare the true nature of the Blessed Virgin, and when 1 have given these I think I shall have given you quite sufficient evi dence, for my statement a fortnight ago. First,, however, allow mo to give you a tow extracts from, the writings of St 7 Epiphanies, who flourished about A.D. 370, .to show you tho exact position-which tho Blessed Virgin Mary took in the church in his day. Hero is what bo says “For neither is Mary a"doity, nor deriving her body from heaven, hut by man and woman.” Again—“ Woman, what have Ito do with thee? Lest any shbuld think - that the Holy Virgin was a being of superior excellence, ho palls her woman ns if prophesying on account of thoso divisions and heresies which, are. to come on earth, in order that no one by admiring' the Virgin in excess.may fall into the folly heresy.”- Again bo. goes on. ini fcho ,aarao, passage.;— t, For..if He -does not.will tbo angola to bo worshipped, bow. much more her who was'born of Anna.- . . born.. not differently from (be nature of men.” -Yet "stronger statements are made by St Augustine ip proof of the sinfulness of the nature of tho Blessed Virgin Mary. Writing against tho Pelagian heresy, he says : “Therefore Ho (Christ) alone who was made .mao while still remaining Qod,bsd : no sin, nor did Ho overtake the body of sin, although born from a motbor of sinful flesh.” Again, in another place ho says, “Mary tho Mother of Christ, from whom He took His flesh, was born of tbo carnal concupiscence of her parents; dot.so, however, did she con* ceivo Him who was begotten not by man, but by the Holy Ghost. ” And in explaining, the meaning of Psalm xxxiv. ho s»ys / “Mary sprung from Adam died because of sin.” We -leave. St. Augustine now' and pass to St. Bernard, who lived about A,D. 11,16, and who Is an acknowledged father of tbo Boman Church, Writing against the decision of tbo Council of Lyons, be expressed bis surprise at the institution of tho : now-Feast of the ■Conception, and enters a protest against over bbnoring the Blessed Virgin- Mary. In this protest he says, “ Whence them is the' sanctity of her (ho., Mary) conception? . . , (sc. Nowhere.)... . . Unless, perchance, someone may . say that she was conceived by the Holy Spirit. and not from-' map, - but that, up to this 'time’, " has been unheard of.” And again 'he says, -The Blessed . Virgin . . : . . was cleansed from original sin by ; the- grace 'of God.” But hero is lho. strongest statement of all, written by a it is-ail/the more valu able.;;. Pop© Jonoebn t XII , wlio flourished about-A.Di 1207 -year, in bis. second sermon Feast of tho Assumption makes tbo fojlbwlng astounding comparison: “Eve was produced without sin,but she brought forth in sinj ’ Mary avas--produced in sin, but ;sho .bcpught fortb withoot sih.”‘ And how add for the last whoso testimony I shall give you ..tqmightjho name of St. Thomas Aquinas about A’rp; 1255, -And this is' his view of the. nature of-tho Blessed Virgin Mary— if tbo-- patents of tho -Blessed Virgin wore: cleansed from original-.' sin nevertheless the Blessed. Virgin ponlraoted .original sin.” . ,Since T have finished tho-evidence, for tbo present, on Which I made the statement that tbo.-doetrino of tbo sintossnoss" of the Blessed-Virgin is not only not scriptural but unpatriotic, follow roc to, say that if any ’of you- have; any further need of help l 1-shoir bo-glad io give it yon. To ibis testimony I might bavo' added a groat deal more. For instance, I might have traced the ■ development of the doctrine- in the Cburob of Borne-and given you some account , wf bow it.became in dogma at last; of bow St. Gregory the Groat end- St, Auselin -give, roasons wby .Bti Mary could, not have boon without sin ; of 'how . Pope Sixtus IV, A.D. 1471; tho Council of TrenLAD. 1546-63; and Pope Alex. Vlti AD. 1655, loft the matter on. open question.; of how tbo Dominicans and Franciscans,wrangled over it for three hun dred years; of the • history bn which Popp PiusJX foundedthe dogma;.of how ho gives as the first ncoof .cff its existence the Feast of the GonCopilpD, which was first instituted in the twplftb -cenlary, and which St. Bernard vigorously ppposod; of bow tho same Pope Fiusl&'amhigoonßry and inaccurately-refers to, the decrees of Pope.Sixtus.lV and Alexander VII; and finally of bow tho dogma was received < when oh tbe'- Blh Dfioomber, 1864, It was fuldod as ft, now artlolo of faith id (ho Itomon Creed, contrary to the Creed of Pope Pins IV, which was, published by the Connoil of Trent “Neither will; 1 over: take - d’r. inlcrprot tbo scriptures otherwise than according to the Unanimous cooecnt of the fathers,”' Bub I do not add: tbls'losttmony just now, because 1. may. have some favorable opportunity at an early date. -Meanwhile, lot roe-, entreat jydu in the name of the roost holy Trinity/ 'whose feast we celebrate td-day, to “Stand fast in the liberty wlidroWUli Ghriet- beth rahdo you free,’ and be hot egCin dnlanglod In the yoke: ofbondago." / ; 