-Mit anb ^xtmor. He — ' I was coming home frommy club last night when I saw a ghost 10 ft. tall. Sur prised, eh?' „ She— 'Oh, not at all. I wouldn't be at all surprised at anything you saw coming home from the club.' Florence— 'How did that daub of a pictare Nellie received for a birthday gift impress ? *»- a —.:».!? _ -* it^wtt ^xroli -arli *»ti T finished painting it.' Tom— ' You look awful blue. I suppose.it's because of Miss Maybelle's having rejected you?' Cholly— 'Yes; I can't help feeling sorry for the poor girL' She (on her voyage)— ' What is that place down there?' He— 'Why, that is the steerage.' She— 'And does it take all those people to make tbe boat go straight?' Mr. Shortly (4 ft. 8 in.— to Miss Beauti)— 'Yes, I am proud to say I am a self-made man.' Miss Beauti's little brother— 'Why didn't you make more of you while you was at it?' To the Beat of His Knowledge.— Purchaser (bringing back his purchase) — 'This dog is tae most ferocious beast I ever came across, and you said he was as gentle as a woman.3' Dealer m Canines—' That's straight. My wife's the only woman I know anything about.' Tramp — ' About a year ago I came by and you gave me an old vest. You may not know it, madam, but there was a £5 note in that vest.' Lady of the House — ' Mercy ! Have you brought it back ?' Tramp—' Not much ! tve come for another vest.' 'Now, you must not let this go any fur ther,' said Watts to McDavid after retailing a choice bit of scandal. 'Oh, certainly not,' said McDavid. ' How did you happen to hear it ?' ' My wife told me. She is just like any woman — can't keep a secret, of course.' The Prestidigitateur— He was an artist afc sleight-of-hand, a song-and-dance lady, 'she. They met at 1, they loved at 2, they married at half-past 3 1 A brief brief dream of wedded bliss, then she criticised his tricks. They wrangled at 4, they quarrelled at 5, and parted for ever at 6. No Longer Living.— 'How do you do, Mary? Where are you living now f asked a lady, upon meeting in the street the former servant of one of her friends. ' Please, mum,' replied the girl blushing, 'I don't live any where now. I'm married to James as was the coachman, you know.' Solved at Once. — Teacher — 'Give me the solution of the following problem: — Two pedestrians start from the same point, the first going at five miles an hour, starting_at midday, and the second at four miles, starting half an hour later; where will they meet?' Small boy — ' At the first hoteL' Dumps — 'I'm glad I am living in this age, notwithstanding all this talk about future pro gress.' Crumps — 'How's that? 1 thought you were a firm believer in the millennium.' Dumps — 'Well, here's a German statistician that nas knocked that thing sky- high. He calculates that 3,000 years hence there will be 220 women for every man.' One False Note. — A visitor to an art exhi bition reports that he saw a countryman stand ing before the bust of a woman in a collection of statuary. The woman -was represented in the act,, of coiling her-ihair, and as the visitor came up the countryman was saying to him self. 'No, sir, that ain't true to nature; she ain't got her mouth full of hairpins.' Mrs. Tiptop — 'I- am sorry you were not at my reception last, evening.' Mrs. Higkup (coldly) — ' I received no invitation.' Mrs. T. (with affected surprise) — 'Indeed? It must have miscarried. I had among my guests two foreign counts.' Mrs. H.— -' So that is where they were ! I desired to engage them to wait at our dinner party, but the agent told me they were out.' Just Like a Man. — Mrs. Stocks— 'If we move into that 'cheap house we shall lose caste.' Mr. Stocks — 'Dont care if we do. It's the best we can afford without running hopelessly into debt, and besides it's a comfortable place at all events.' Mrs. Stocks — 'Huh! Just like a man. Only so that you can be comfort able and pay every little bill as soon as it comes in you don't care what the world thinks.' When a certain well-known comedian was 'starring' in Edinburgh his landlord, who seldom attended any public place save the kirk, asked him if he would oblige him with a 'pass for the playhoose.' This favor was readily granted, and the 'glide mon'' donned his best black suit and witnessed the come dian's two greatest humorous impersonations. Meeting his landlord the next .morning the comedian asked how he liked the performance. 'Weel,' said the Scotsman, 'it. pleased me vara much, ye ken, and I conseeder you .played unco naturally ; but heigh, mon, I had a hard matter to keep frae laughing.' -'; Chinese Hostess — ' And what did you-think of that country called Britain ?' '? Chinese Traveller—' The half has not been told;: They are more barbarous than even the* '/wisest priests of Buddha had supposed. The British husbands compel their wives to wear a deadly harness of steel and whalebone, the fiendish contrivance being laced so tightly that the poor victims can scarcely breathe. In the course of a year the vitals are pressed so closely together that the sufferer dies in great agony.' Hostess — 'JBut what is this forf Traveller — 'So that the brutal husband can go off and get a younger wife, of course.' 'A year or so ago,' .said a young man to a friend, 'I spent a few weeks in south-coast watering-places. _ One day I saw a machine which bore the inscription ' Drop a penny in the slot and learn to know how to make your trousers last.' As I hadn't a deal of money I thought an investment of a penny to show me how to save the purchase of . a pair of trousers would be small capital put to good use, so I dropped the required coin in ^nd & card appeared. What do you .suppose it re- ' commended as the way to make my trousers last ?' ' Don't wear 'em, I suppose.1' 'TSb.' 'What did it say?' 'Make your coat and waistcoat first.' An amusing story is told of an Oxford undergraduate who was so cocksure that he had passed an examination he bad recently been in for that Be did not trouble to go down to the schools to get a testama, but asked a friend to do so for him. When the Mend got there the cupboard was bare; there was no testama for his self-confident friend. He therefore brought back word to bis friend that he had not satisfied the examiners, as there was no testama for him. His friend, being very indignant, tsaid that he should certainly write to the examiners and inform them that they must Vye ploughed him by a mistake. So ha wrote the following letter s— 'Dear Sirs — Ifearin my recent examination* you must have ploughed me by 'a mistake?? . After a few days he received the following^ reply: — 'Dear Sir — Tbe examiners 'WBseaV,' their compliments to Mr. ? ^ and ^begf t$P ', state thatiie 'was »lougi»4 bj * £»atf t9MWv. 