PEOP1LB SAT —- Australia ttos down in tho dumps; Oa cricket eho felt very Eorc, Oct now she is oat of tho humps. Australia is f clix onco more. "Xho third match bus just dono sbo 'trick, T?"o rul feel uiach sweeter than hosoy. ? Of ttoo it just comes in tbo nick. And grand for tho fnturo gate money. Tbct the unspeakable Xurk lias pro voked Gladstone into a speech. Thv-t thero is r? real Scotch tliistlo in Tiluittancl. Thsro is also Gillies, SLP. That Cresd, MX.C, is trying to tnist tho lion's tr.il. The lion does jioi eesra to trouble much. That the thermometer is credited ?R-itli hariug a good deal to do with test cricket matches. Also beer. That tho cable service was inter rupted for 3 few days. Tho oacred causo o£ truth did not suiter. That liord Kintoro has ssid farewell to Adelaide. The ceremony was characteristically inexpensive. That eenso got the better oE folly in tho contemplated miners* strike at Newcastle. That the Premier is to open an agricultural show to-day. "Who shorra fet oxen should himsolf be fat. That the?ritish farmer is threatened by Australian egga. So is very frequently the Australian politician. That the Sydney journeymen tailors are on strike. Tho commercial travellers' clothes shore , nooign of it. That neither an election meeting, a danco, or a lecture will bring the Belmont people out. IVhy not try a dog fight ? That it is as hard to toll who will bo tho new Railway Commissioner as it is to tell who will win tho Anniversary Handicap. That in Seono they hear tho Mus vrollbrook baud through a telephone. Bistanco has a modifying effect on nil annoyances. That Eomo of the women who passed frea on tho railways a3 wives oE Ms.P. may havo been wives, but vrero not wives o£ legislators. That the Maitland paper lias a story about "dropping tho Shah." This will bo followed by ono about" Parkes dropping the II." That coffeo planting 13 going on at tho Clarence. Tho coiteo will bo handy to most people to mix with chicory. That it the Emperor of China had taken tho advice of the Inverell- Argus afc first ho would not now bo in such a fix. That it cost Manchester £6000 to entertain the Queen for sis hours. So that Singleton got Duff pretty cheap for 19 hours. That according to a Sontli Coast paper buttermilk is not sufficiently valued. TiTet tho paper gets along irith milk and water articles. That the Tenterfieia Star would liko to Eec the hotels closed at 7 p.m. But everyone does not got his keg full so early at tho Star. That the 31arrurundi Tines thiuke we have nothing to do. "Well, reading the Ti:nes through is surely a hard graft, and wo have to do thst occasionally. That the railways do not quite entirely belong to tho people. JDis tingtiished visitors and wives of mem bers havo a good share in them. That tho Slarquis of .Lome is 3 member of a houso decorating arm. Well, he i3not regarded za a decoration hj tho house into which he married. That the Ceepwater Jliner has discovered 3 two-headed calf. Keally sone-headed caltseema to havehitherto suited it in 3 literary sense quiio well. That the only question on which a Parliamentary majority is certain in Victoria is payment of members. Xtluch the-same in iXew South \Vale3. That I>ibbs will be Agent-General and livne leader o£ the Opposition before long. Then one of them will be where he thinks he ought to bo. 3iuc which One. That evangelist 3l'Jfeill returned to Sydney in. time for a poultry lunch with tho T.31.C.A. His Master and 3\. wholo company put up with a few loa.ve3 and Sshes. That the O'Sullivan, M.P., is publishing his aquatic experiences. 2t is plem-anS to know thai at leant one member of Parliament washes himself regularly. That a new sect ha 3 arisen in Sydney, "The Stewards ot Truth." 2?o connection with politics, rr.co tipping, or dramatic criticism, it i>s needless to cay- That tho Scono Advocate has under taken to settle the Corean war. With the Quirindi Gazelle busy on the question, foreign affairs are being properly attended to. That the Glen Tnne3 Guardian has discovered a real ghost. " ~So t surely," and we ask tho question without any desire to give offence, " Xot tho ghost oE er-AI.P. Hutchison's hair?" That a Sydney clergyman has beeu lecturing on tho beauty and folly of spiritualism. Most people have seen plenty o£ the first. No one had been previously introduced to the second. That a man in Ilobart accidentally ehot his wife in the jaw. "We are sorry for the man 3nd sorry for tho vrife, but as tho accident happened perhap3 the jaw was tho best place for the bullet. That Stoddart's eleven are to play again in Armidale. Only th3t it ia ?wicked to bet the Express would back the local team i£ the London Spectator ?wanted to plank its money on the Suglisliaien. That after February Ist mean time in Now South Wales will be that of the 130 th meridian oE East longitude. Pernap3 so; but tho meanest time wo know -was made by a horse wo backed in a race and lost on. Tost Tom Slattery paid that £1000 into the Treasury for Dibbs and Dibba's colleagues, and J. Kidman and i>. Hordera afterwards helped to recoup iirn. This is what Sydney Truth says, and is probably as unreliable as ?ny other statement which, has been mjlde abonfc tho matter. j 