WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1885. The times have changed or there would have been a much longer and a much more animated discussion in the ' Assembly yesterday than actually occurred on the Government proposal to refer the suggested Glenrowan Hedi, line to the course Railway Committee | 1 Practically this proposal means the endorsing of the report of the joint com- I notice flush ing the further proceeding with lines in the mallee district, and it is surprising that this abandonment has not been discussed Great weight attaches to the argument of the committee so far as the large | and general extension of railways in the mallee district is concerned But there are special claims for oxton STOUT in more instances than one class, if any railways at all are to be made in Victoria the Birchip extension seems to have an overwhelming case. The. settlers are prepared to guarantee both interest and working expenses, and Mr LASCELLES IS willing to make large concessions in the way of the surrender ' of mallee blocks to the state for some mont purposes and such offers are by no means to be lightly passed over bush mallee lines as this might reasonably be considered even if other railways are authorised elsewhere As, regards other lines, no doubt the Glen Rowan cockspur has special claims for | an investigation, for we think that its construction has been recommended by every committee that has ever sat The Government has still large funds available for railway construction, and if reproductive lines can be found, it is bound by every consideration to apply, the money to the purpose of for which it was borrowed, so that the pleads for delay in making the reference were futile Doubtless we are at a transition stage, but before the House is asked to decide upon the Glenrowan Red pro forma, before the committee can have time to report, Parliament will have before it both the report of the joint committee on the narrow gauge question and also the morn important report of the Railway Board, w Fri It will doubtless have something to say as to whether the money on hand should be in nt on now branches or on cheapening carriage on the existing lines it is to be noted that Mr M'I OLL spoke of districts which, following the Birchip example, are ready to provide the land for railways and to (guarantee both interest and working expenses Mr M'Coll spoke as one having authority of these localities exist, should not offers be in vited from them 2 On proceeding with the tariff, it is gratifying to state that substantial re- ductions in excess of those proposed by the Government were made in the long list of items under the head, " Carriages " and conveyances," lb the instances in which the Tariff Board and the Government proposed a 20 per cent, reduction the House practically carried 20 per cent. more. The one exception in which the Government carried its reduction was, however, an important item, namely, four-wheeled buggies, which are extensively used, and as the majority was only a one-vote majority, 1 the hope may be entertained that later on the general reduction may be made to apply to this class of conveyances also. There is no reason at all why the four wheeled buggy should be an exception to the large reduction rule, and should be placed in a small reduction class of its own. On the whole, however, solid work has been achieved in this direction. The boon of free vehicles should not be far off. The carriage makers are eager to meet their customers, and are ready to rely on the desire of those customers to patronise the well-tried local article, and the boon they ask in return of free raw materials cannot long be denied. The tobacco debate was opened by a plaintive statement from the American Cigarette Trust which is pulling the strings here, and which is making its member puppetS perform at pleasure, Its position has been misstated. Of course. The position of the ring is always misstated. We regret very deeply not being able to give particulars of the errors into which the critics have been led, but the figures communicated to the Minister of Customs are "strictly confidential." All that is allowed to be known is that the president of the' trust does not draw the big sums popularly attributed to him. His income from the trust is authoritatively said to be not more than £130,00 per annum. Poor maligned beggar ! We are unaware at the moment whether the president's income was ever stated to be more than this in any of the columns of The Argus, but we hasten with apologies in advance. It seems to be expected that the hearts of hon. members will be touched with remorse when they hear that such a man-a real president of a real American trust, with a real Melbourne monopoly should receive no more than this sum, and that no one will willingly cut into his earnings. Still it is edifying to contrast some of the figures : Per Annum. | Drawn by president of Victorian trust £30,000 Paid by trust to Victorian labour £1,830 This last item is not, we believe, disputed, and the former is officially supplied. What will Mr. OUTTRIM say to these figures to-day 1 What will other mpnopoly-puppets and revenue grabbers say? In his remarks Mr. BEST called attention to the amount of the wages paid by the tobacco factories as a whole. Well, there are 580 hands employed in the tobacco factories in Victoria, of whom 157 are females, while a large proportion of the males consist of youths. The average wage of boys and girls, men and women, in this trade is not supposed to exceed 25s. per week, especially when " short time " is allowed for. Thus the expenditure on labour in the factories does not exceed 228 000 per annum. The account therefore stands : Subsidy by the state ... £1 10,000 Paid, to labour ... '... £38,000 What becomes of the balance ? If the state paid the whole of the wages earned by every man and woman and by every girl and boy, labour, could not possibly suffer, and the community would gain £100,000 per annum. In New South Wales the tobacco trade is heavily protected, but the revenues drawn under the two scales of duties were in 1894 : New South Wales.£283,013 Victoria. 220,34!) Excess New South Wales £43 5-1 This 13 an excess of £800 per week, and under the duties across the border the tobacco grower flourishes more than he does here The factories flourish, and the American Trust is content to exist though it has to face competition This example makes it self evident that we can adjust our duties without injury to any industry, and can match ally benefit the Treasury Why should the Treasury he bled to please the p)uppets by the men who often sibly speak for the tobacco grower, but who really play the game of the president of the trust with his £30,000 per annum 1 A thrill of compassion and of pride would pass through every leader of yesterday's terrible tale of missionary tragedy in China The compassion would be unaffected No one so callous but he must be touched by the cruel fate of girls on the threshold of life and full of ardent and generous feelings Death can scarcely take a more terrifying form than when it is threatened, far from home and friends, in barbarous fashion, by a yelling, fanatical crowd, incapable of pity, and exulting in torture, and this was the death which Miss HAIIIUH"- SAUNDERS and Miss J-LI/AHLTII SAUNDERS and their five companions had to face and to endure A violent and sudden and painful death is the lot of many, but the heroism of those young people is that they were well aware of their peril The faith has a long list of mail tyres both in China and Japan and the letters received in Melbourne from the Misses SAUNDERS show that their evident peril was well understood by them, that more than once narrow escapes had brought it vividly before them, and that the girls were content to brave all risks in the service of their cause. The history of our race has pages of these noble incidents for every generation In every age and in every china Englishmen are to be found ready to die without boasting and without display for their faith, for their home, and for their country, and Englishwomen are cast in the same Christian and the same imperial mould It is this fearless and devoted spirit that gives the British people their position as the conquering and the governing race of the world, and we can feel a pride, even if some times it be a melancholy pride, at each SUCCESSIVE proof that this animating spirit is as strong in the Australian as in the parent stock The Eldorado miners, spending their last homes in the gloom and silence then livin grave, not in vain learning, but in writing messages to business affairs for those they were leaving, were one fine type of the face The men who faced death in the mine to rescue their comrades wore another So was the fireman who was lowered into the burning hold of the vessel to snatch a state if possible from death And those Victorian maidens, doing their noble work, for less amid growing danger, never dream ing of leaving their post, volunteering for one of the "forlorn hopes of Christian missions, stand high on the list. Their lives and their deaths are evidence that in these southern lands the British race has not lost its spirit nor the Christian faith its power. A wave of enthusiasm has passed over the Christian world for missionary work in China. Scarce a nation and scarce a sect but what is represented there-and, as we have said, the tragedies are numerous though this Ku Cheng massacre is one of the worst on record, and is the first which has come home to us. But since the terrible slaying of the Roman Catholic mission at Tientsin the tale has gone on. It is claimed that the Chinese Government could do more to protect the missionaries than it actually does, and Mr. HENRY NORMAN, in his volume on the Far East, strongly takes up this position. He complains that the great powers do not insist as they ought upon due respect for foreign rights, his explanation as regards Great Britain being that the Foreign Office has been dominated by the idea that China may be of use to us as a possible fighting ally in the event of Asian complications. This bubble has been pricked by events as well as by the writer's pen. But it can scarcely be said that Mr. NORMAN proves his case, nor is it possible to give missionaries much more protection than they now enjoy. He gives the instance of the recent murder of the Swedish mission at Sungei, when the mandarin who was one of the instigators of the crime received a series of distinguished honours from Pekin ; but a good deal of pressure was exercised in this case, only, as it would appear, the Pekin Court was somewhat afraid of its viceroy. Last year certain British missionaries were murdered at Nanchang, and though the Chinese offered reparation because of the fear of bringing the British as well as the Japanese down upon them, yet it is evident from the narrative that a few soldiers, who possibly had nothing to do with the crime, were executed as a whitewashing arrangement, and that no really responsible person was ever touched. Cowardly armies, ruffianly mobs, disregarded or evaded edicts, are said to be the signs of a failing and a falling state, and the central Government of China has to face all these symptoms. Not only is its will to protect foreign missions to be greatly suspected, but also its power. This massacre of English women will test the question, for it stirs the national blood, and the demand we may expect will be that justice shall be real. Reparation is a miserable business in such cases, but it needs to be enforced. The question is re-opened how far women should be sent upon these services of imminent danger. The position in China anywhere outside treaty and protected ports is probably more perilous for the missionary than in most admittedly savage countries. The " foreign devil," says Mr. NORMAN, is despised at sight, not merely hated, but regarded with sincere loathing and contempt by the mass of the Chinese population. Those good people who assume that the English are welcome in China, and that the Chinese are pleased to learn of our Western civilisation, are, he declares, grossly and painfully mistaken. And he quotes authorities for the statement that, while the Christian missionaries undoubtedly make genuine converts, and are thus nobly rewarded for their labours, yet, on the other hand, their presence has increased and is increasing the ferment of angry passions and of racial ferocity among the rabble. Such a situation will not deter enthusiastic missionary effort. But it does add force to the recent criticism that China is not a field for the labour of women. We have to remember that in war the general neither occupies untenable positions, nor yet does he send non-combatants to the front. The line has to be drawn somewhere. No one, it may be supposed, would send women to the Ashantees or to Dahomey, and if the Chinese mobs in localities where the Executive is weak are as barbarous as the African savages, and under even less control, that situation has to be realised and admitted. India has shown a field where all the energies of the missionary women can be successfully and happily employed. The question how far they should be pushed forward in such a field as China is one for the anxious consideration of the churches. The Royal mail steamer Orient passed Cape Borda at 6 20 p in yesterday She should arrive at Adelaide early this morning, and the mails will be delivered in Melbourne to morrow morning A number of bills were under considers, tion in the Legislative Council yesterday Mr Balfour obtained the recommittal of the Width of 1 area Bill, but failed in an enden i vour to pass an amendment providing that the weight of a vehicle should not be con ! Bidcrcd in calculating the load to be carried, j an amendment which he explained was moved in the interest of wood carters, many of whom would be thrown out of employment if the bill became law in its present form After passing the Tni sadly ' Societies Actnnrj s Bill through committee 1 and finally disposing of the J Trust Bill and the Married Woman s Property Bill, the Council rather late in the evening came upon an unfailing topic of discussion inn Licensing Act And piling Bill, consisting of one HOII carry clause, introduced by Mr Levi, to enable the transfer of houses train I inferior to superior houses Mr Lillimur, Mr Melville, and other r opponents of the measure endeavoured to secure an adjourn- ment of the second reading debate on the ground that the bill was merely a ski If ton, and the necessary amendments were not all drafted, but failing in this the will known coffee palace north shanty arguing nts were reiterated once more Mr Melville de instituted the measure a Levi cum Brunton j coffee palace reconstruction measure j Mr. David i ham in a flight of metaphor, declared that Mr Levi in introducing it in sembled " n honest in the path with her eubH behind her Burn honesB," ,oliser«edMr I it/gerald demurely, This four sets of class , there is only one clause in this Wil' live normally, after the President has forbidden a second motion for a Ijourn ment, clearness rising it as "follows, the bill was n at a second time and committed pro far as he Council then adjourned until the 20th August Mr Cuthbert when questioned in the Legislative Council yesterday on the money ' j lending transactions which was ventilated at the inquest upon the unfortunate man Mnahiter, who committed BUICI le ItitiIj gave virtually the same iiiiHwir us and made by the Attorney beauties in the Assembly the Government had not yet come pal ted inquiries into the ail air ntl 1 must only three trips to i units tim oftener if some fraud wire disclosed the question of li painting so as to protect men from their own tolls as regarded the contracts the) enter d into had not his n con stirred by the Government in connection with the case On the authority of the commissioner of police, Mr Cuthbert OIHO assured Mr O Davis that he was right in supporting street betting to be on the increase in Melbourne The suppression of gambling shops and') caused tina and the "move, on clause, which was the only remedy that could be put in force, was quite inadequate to cope with the evil Mr Davis received the intimation with profound disapproval, and adjured the Government in view of the approach of the Spring Race Meeting to take some other steps to abate the nuisance Tilt Legislative Assembly enjoyed a slightly varied programme yesterday Questions were more than usually interesting and when they were disposed of a snappy debate followed on the proposal to refer the Glenrowan to Hedi railway to the Standing Committee Mr Is ino Isunca was next in evidence He wanted to bring on the bill to extend the hours of polling in municipalitieS at an earlier date than was fixed last week, but he arrived just too late to give notice of a motion to that effect He had to ask leave to put in the notice, and Mr McColl, Mr Staughton, and Mr McLellan exercised their right to object, refusing to concede an inch to an obnoxious bill Mr Isaacs appealed to the Speaker to declare the matter urgent in view of the nearness of the elections and Sir Graham Berry promptly consented The notice was their on Members were then free to discuSS duties, and they dealt with carriages and other vehicles, including bicycles, moreing reductions all down the line, in some instances going much further than the Government proposed About 10 o'clock j tobacco was called on, and one of the most important debates of the series was launched by Mr Beat in further explanation of the Ministerial scheme He mentioned that while the Tariff Board proposed that the duty on imported leaf should be 2s per pound instead of Is, is also proposed that the present excise of 3d per pound on manufactured tobacco and cigars for home consumption should be abolished Ministers, on the other hand, did not propose an) increase on imported leaf, but would make the excise on manufactured tobacco and cigars 6d per pound instead of 6d as at present Further, while the Board proposed that locally grown leaf should be chargeable at Is per pound, the. Government decided not to propose any duty, but to leave the article free Instead of, as was originally proposed, making the excise on cigarettes 2s for machine made and 9d for hand made a uniform rate of la Cd would be submitted Under the first proposal mere hand made, than machine made cigarettes would be sold, and the Government would lose revenue In this connection he read a letter from the representative of the American Cigarette Company to show that the profits were not nearly so large as he stated a few weeks ago He estimated that the alterations of duties would yield £10,000 to £17,000 a year on tobacco, and £7,400 a year on cigarettes After Mr Outtrim and Mr Graves had contended that the proposed increase on exciap would ruin the local growers the debate was adjourned The House rose at 11 o'clock Different customs obtain according to law in dealing with Customs offences The man in the street has been asking why Rosenfeld Benjamin, and Co should have been criminally prosecuted, while other delin quents were dealt with by the Minister Mr Maloney echoed the general interroga- lion in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, and Mr Best made an elaborate and interest mgreply for wilfully and knowingly making false entries offenders are liable to fine and forfeiture of goods but not to imprisonment The making of false declarations in respect of drawbacks is equivalent to wilful and corrupt perjury, and liable to punishment by imprisonment. In the event of clerk or employes making a wrong fal declaration the employer is deemed to have committed the offence, and made liable to line but not imprisonment If in this last-mentioned matter the offence were made wilful and corrupt perjury, as was now contemplated, fewer clerks and employers would be found offending Then as to particular cases, he mentioned that in the Rosenfeld, Benjamin case the charge was conspiracy to defraud, which was not an offence against the Customs law but against the general law. It was very difficult to institute and substantiate such a charge; the department must have the benefit of the services of an informer. In Kilpatrick's (Thomson's case there was no evidence of conspiracy, and therefore no ground for criminal proBe cution. Thomson was guilty of fraudulent evasion of duty, and he (Mr. Best) could not help himself. Only a fine could be imposed, and he fclttlmtthe interests of justice would be as well served if he dealt with the case as if he instituted proceedings in the police court. In M'Ilwraith's case he had to accept the confession of a " miserable dupe of M'Ilwraith junior," who was bounced into making the confession, but in that case imprisonment could not have been ordered. Nor could that course have been taken in Rowland's case. In any instance where evidence could be obtained to justify criminal proceedings the department would be only too anxious to take action, being determined that honest men should be permitted to live in the community. % A railway proposal is as ever an apple of discord in the Assembly. When Mr. H. R. Williams moved yesterday that the proposed line from Glenrowan to Redí be referred to the Standing Committee on Railways members pricked up He explained that the line was recommended by the first committee, but in accordance with the report of the present committee all lines previously recommended were to be referred to this committee for further consideration. The line was estimated to cost £62,00, and the department had £1,000 worth of material available for the work. Once the proposal was launched other members cut in. Sir John McIntyre who has been a persistent advocate for the Shelbourne to Llanelly line, moved as an amendment that all lines recommended by the first committee but not constructed should be referred in bulk to the present committee, no preference being shown for any particular line. Mr. Mason seconded the amendment, and warmly urged that the South Gippsland lines already recommended should be constructed. The Premier as I warmly begged the House not to repeat the , old mistake by trying to force too many i lines through at one time. It was for the Minister to take the responsibility of select 1 nig the best line for reference to the com , notice, and as far dB his judgment was a j guide the Glenrowan to Hedi line was the best among those proposed. Mr. Mason, being a free lance for the moment, could not contain himself at this heresy, and suggested corrections with characteristic vehemence, i 'I he Chairman of Committees interjecting was too much for the House. It was not necessary for the Speaker to interfere, how ever members turned his pet formula, "Inter ' ejections are disorderly," upon him, and lie I was silenced. After the Premier's remarks j Mr. Langdon supported Sir John, and Mr. ! Rogers suggested that the committee should not he asked to report on the line until it had dealt with the narrow gauge question j Mr. Levien put this idea into a motion for a adjournment, and after Mr. Murray, in a quizzing mood, had asked who was the oracle behind the proposal for the Glenrowan to Redí line, the House dealt with the matter. It rejected Mr Levien's motion, also Sir John M'Intyre's amendment, and I then agreed to Mr Williams s motion This i made it easy for Mr. Gray is to go outside and chuckle He was the oracle CtirnugcB wait on win ela On the first I item in the tariff discussion for the i venture. namely buggies for without tops £12 each (now £111) Mr M Coll resumed when li lift off on Thurs- day, and mond a reduction to £7 100 The committee divided and Mr M Coll was beaten by one vote only -10 to SI He will try one, in No xt he move ed that hansoms and 1 Sierra Via with tops HIIOIIIII | be mine I From £20 to all the Ministry pro 'plainest The Usurea 10 were struck out by 40 to II and li inserted Next oinnibiiBoa uni coaches The Govi men at propeR it was 'to reduce from 3 LO to E U Mr M Coll mu id £2) The war li) 10 to IS It bouches I roughness Ac wire n faced from 6 Oto £10 iiH profusely) the Com sums of without el ulleiiL,! The miscellaneous list of parts would have been attacked by the same in number but his most powerful ally (Mr Hamilton, found he could not go further with him, and the venture failed Munotera carried their items, all being reductions When "breaches were called oft there was a contest Ministers following the recommendation of the Tariff Board, proposed a reduction from 2; to 10 per cent This was another instance of where private representations were made to members of the board after the report was submitted Mr Bromley told the House that he had been interV Jews! The board advised a reduction believing that bicycles were not made here But a man facturer had revealed himself since and Mr Bromley in his interest moved that the duty should remain at 25 per cent. Mr. Best was not surprised to find another member of the board ripping the report to pieces but he stuck to the recommendation, and told Mr Bromley that if certain parts not made here were admitted free the local makers would do very well with a duty of 10 per cent As the machines were coming into very extensive use and as they were largely used by young men of the working classes he thought the proposal to retain the present high duty was unwiSe Members were up to date on the bicycle question, some of them just to the point of indelicacy Sir James Patterson mentioned that improvements in the making of the machines proceeded very rapidly He had endeavoured to import them but lost money flic bicycles were obsolete by the time they were landed And the House blushed to hear Mr Longmore give the reason tIon were before your time, Sir James you ought to have arranged for riders with divided skirts Mr McLellan of course, saw an opportunity He was against any duty on bicycles, and hoped that in the end of the year every boy and girl would have a first- class bicycle "Nothing gives me greater pleasure than to see a handsome lady coming down the street on herbie) de at 10 miles an hour, and taking such liberties with her legs as I am afraid to mention he was not pressed to particularize Mr G Downes Carter was against bicycling The young men of to day are hollow cheated, hang their hands in front like kangaroos, and stoop Wh) ? Bicycling and footballing explain Now,theoldfeliow8Äatechcsls They throw their shoulders back and walk erect. They had not been bicyclists and footballers Each Style was illustrated by the hon member, and the House agreed that the exhibition was good, though the theorising may have been questionable Mr Murray twitted Mr Bromley good naturedly about his proposal, but the joking was not appreciated On the contrary, Mr Bromley looked diggers Mr Hamilton, who is the chief authority on wheels, opposed his colleague in the corner, and approved of the reduction He allowed how vast the bicycle making industry had become in England, and consequently how certain it was that our makers could never hope to compete with the home factories Ultimately the Government proposal was agreed to by 50 to 20, the minority) consisting mainly of the labour party and some other members, including the Geelong free tectionist, Mr Higgins The question of providing accommodation for the sick poor was raised yesterday in the Legislative Assembly by Mr Prendergast who called attention to the report of Dr Molloy), resident medical officer of the Melbourne Hospital tothccffictthatthutinstitu tion was " literally packed The Premier explained that the doctors report applied only to the special accommodation of the Hospital for infectious cases He (Mr. Turner) hoped to give the House an opportunity this session to deal with the whole question raised in the meantime he had arranged with the committee of the Bendigo Hospital and Bendigo Benevolent Asylum for the reception of deserving cases There were many which were not deserving Little discussion took place at the half yearly meeting of the Bank of Victoria held yesterday and what there was turned chiefly upon the possibility of the directors paying off a portion of the deferred deposit receipts before they actually fell due 'The Link hilling over £1,.00,000 in cash lying idle it seemed to several shareholders that this might advantageously be done and some of the 4J per cent interest paid on the deposit receipts thus saved, especially as the chairman (Mr Edward Miller stated that all the deposits which had so far fallen due and been met had been left in the hands of the bank. The chairman said that under the scheme of reconstruction this idea could not be carried out, the directors having our ports or to pay off all extended deposit receipts for whatever period pro rata, but it transpired from a remark of Mr. G D Carter that legal opinion is divided upon this point The board, however promised not to lose sight of the suggestion Exception was taken by one Bhnn holder to the non payment of a dividend on ordinary shares although there was a £10,000 balance of profit to be carried forward to next half year but this decision, it was explained had been maturely considered, and the chairman reminded the meeting of the necessity of beginning to build up a fresh reserve fund At every bank meeting held just now directors and shareholders unite in congress lutions over the fact that the national ledger has at last been balanced, but there appears some divergence of opinion as to where the credit for the achievement is due The shareholders of the Bank of Victoria who met yesterday are not unnaturally come need that it belongs to one of their own directors, Mr Downes Carter, a great deal more than to Mr Turner, and they were not backward in expressing this opinion Mr F Lloyd declared it would be a serious in justice to forget that the heaviest portion of the work of restoring the financial equilibrium of the colony had been done by Mr Carter, who had left comparatively little for his successor to accomplish Mr Carter sat modestly silent, but not so his fellow shareholders, who adopted this view with accorded " Hear, hear The Railway Inquiry Board yesterday took the evidence of Mr A Phelan, as the representative of the Signalmen s Improvement Society, and afterwards devoted some attention to the preparation of its report On Friday and Saturday the committee will visit Korumburra and Port Albert for the purpose of examining witnesses, and on Tuesday the members will proceed to Ballarat, where evidence will be taken at Craigs Hotel at 3 p m Prahran is at last to have a new railway station. The dilapidated condition of the present buildings has been an acknowledged fact for some time past, and it has only been owing to the straitened condition of the departmental finances that a new structure has not been erected The commissioners visited the station yesterday, and found the accommodation on the Chapel street, side of the line in such a state of disrepair that they determined to June it r built in brick at an estimated cost of about 2000 The Looking office is to be removed nearer the end of the platform, so as to do away with the necessity of two entrances to buildings in the western of Melbourne platform side will merely be put in repair and repainted The annual show of the v Victorian Poultry and Dog SOCK to at the old man I ml ting will begin to die. an 1 remain open until Saturday night It promises to he the finest display ever sun in Australia what will certainly attract ling gatherum 1 exhibits will he st age I early in I J I L Eng Blvml 1 be ample ted by in II 0 A special van for the net launching of the artists billed for the show will be attach little StOnm trim this morning from Britain Bench, and this mu committees will be afforded by the 11 111 trim on the line on Saturday i vi mug when the show ck t an interesting point on the one in II of trespassing on land was out riding I had Supreme Court feet rise I find Mr linnT Hood the Burwood Hull ling and in a ment Society and the 1 her Park S others Among Association will tin an article on Mr Dinisiuttli olWhltthBcn I inn r is a thodcfinhmt Hu 1 plaintiff's son 11 r I c ii I damages for to points It as I if I do it in court and had ii I in tra t old 1 in 4 in the Whittlesea district which 111 J said he'' ' The fund was sure to len a mark '-on if it was said and roads were all out for ugh it, and it was fenced, with swing gain at H e en Is of the fences 1 Little who on and as" adjoining land olnimcdtht right to master the plaintiffs land, and his servants did BO and caused damage, for which the plaintiff opened £19. The action was previously tried in he County Court, where the plaintiffs were nonsuited on the ground that the consent of a mortgagee of the building society had no obtained to bring the action he was Court, however, on appeal held that the action could be brought without the consent of the mortgagee, and it accordingly came on for trial again yesterday. After the evidence was heard. Mr. Justice Hood gave a verdict of £5 for the Building Society and offer the Settlers'' Association, stating that, he gave those sums in order to determine the right of the' plaintiff to prevent outsiders from going over the property. Mr. A. H. Davis, in structed by Messrs. Smart and Walker, appeared for the plaintiffs and Mr. H. Barrett, instructed by Messrs. R. S. Anderson and Sons, appeared for the defendant. A suit to recover large penalties from a borough councillor for sitting in a council while he was supplying goods to it and doing work for it was heard before Mr. Justice Williams in the Supreme Court yesterday. The plaintiff was Mr. Thomas Holland, of Port Fairy, hotelkeeper, and the defendant Mr. K. IreIaiid,of Port Fairy, contractor, builder, and timber-yard proprietor, and both were members of the Port Fairy Borough Council. Mr. Ireland was first elected as a councillor in August 1891, and was re-elected in August, 1894\. Plaintiff sued defendant to recover £3 see or £50 per day for 70 days on which he had illegally sat as a councillor. It appeared that defendant supplied goods and did work for the council, and was paid for doing so on four different occasions, but it was contended for the defence that the value altogether was only £20, that the goods were merely such as the defendant sold in his business, and that the work was done by his men. Mr. Justice Williams found the facts as stated on the evidence given for the plaintiff, and reserved for the Full Court the power to draw inferences of fact, if necessary, from the facts stated in that evidence, and not inconsistent with those facts. He also reserved for the opinion of the Full Court the question as to whether judgment should be entered for the plaintiff or defendant 5 and, if for the plaintiff, for what amount. Mr. Pigott, instructed by Messrs. Klingender, Dickson, and Kiddle, appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Irvine, instructed by Sir. Rowling, for the defendant. Mrs. Lucy Edith Kilpatrick yesterday applied to Mr. Justice Holroyd, in the Supreme Court, that the action she had commenced against Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co. to recover damages for the loss of her husband, who was second engineer on board the steamer Alert, owned by the defendants, and who was drowned when that vessel foundered off Jubilee Point on the 28th December, 1893, might be postponed until the next sittings of the Court, Mr. O'Hara Wood, instructed by Messrs. Gaunson and Wallace, appeared for Mrs. Kilpatrick and Mr. Coldham, instructed by Messrs. Malleson, England, and Stewart, appeared for the defendants. The case was tried in February last, and a verdict was then given for Mrs. Kilpatrick for 2300 as widow of the deceased and for £100 for her infant child ; but the verdict VVBB afterwards set aside by the Full Court, and Mrs. Kilpatrick then commenced another action, which should have been heard yesterday. An affidavit by) Mrs Kilpatrick was read by mr 0 uara Wool to the effect that she had not the means at present to go on with the trial but expected to be able to find them by the next sittings of the Court if the hearing were postponed until then Mr Coldham on the other hand, pointed out that it would be useless to postpone the trial, as the plaintiff could not BUCCI ed after the finding of the Full Court which decided on general crown Is Healeosaidthattheplaintiff had not pay the costs of the former trial, and it would not be fair to the defendants to allow a fresh trial until they were paid Mr Justice Holroyd then consulted one of the judges of the Full Court who heard the case and on returning to court said he found that the decision of the Full Court was that the verdict was against the evidence It was possible, however, that further evidence might be obtained and having regard to the fact that Mrs Kilpatrick was suing as an executrix and not for her own benefit only he thought he should not shut her out from the chance of obtaining a verdict He is therefore postponed the trial until the next sittings of the Court . in action was brought before Mr Justice Houses in the Supreme Court yesterday by Mr R S 'Whiting as administrator of the estate of the late Thomas Cathkin, the younger of Melbourne deceased, to recover 173 15s from the Mountjoy Lorne Estate Company Limited, money alleged to be due to the plaintiff by the company It appeared that in July, 1890 Gafhkin procured for the company a loan of £10 000 from Mr George Washington Charters, of London for a term of five years, and the company agreed to pay Guflikin 1 per cent per annum on the amount of the loan for procuring the loan and for remitting the interest and principal of it from them to Mr Charters in London Guflikin died on the 9th February, 1891, and from that date till Junuor), till the defendants paid 'Whiting as his administrator, the 1 per cent but afterwards refused to pay anything more For the defence it was contended that the contract was one in which Gilfillan was to receive the 1 per cent per annum as a reward for receiving the interest and principal from the defendants and remit ting it to London, and that at his death the agreement terminated On the other hand it was submitted that the original agreement was that Gafiikin was to receive 1 per cent for the whole term of the loan Mr Justice Hodges held that the contract was practically one to pay £500 to Gafhkin by instalments extending over five years, and was not merely remuneration for his services in n getting money to London He therefore returned a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed Mr Goldsmith, instructed by Messrs U Taylor Buckland, and Oates appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Topp instructed by Messrs Abbott, Eales, an 1 Beckett for the defendants One of those domestic differences which have been a fruitful theme for the imagina- tion of the novelist came before Mr Justice A'Beckett in the Divorce Court yesterday. The petitioner in the suit was a Mr Wm Scott a civil engineer, who practised his profession for many years in India, and who yesterday) sued for a divorce from his wife, Frances Scott, on the ground of her desertion so long ago as in this" it appeared from his story that up to the moment of her leaving the house she had never given him any indica- tion of her intention to go, nor was there, so far as he knew any reason why she should have taken such a step She had gone to spend the evening with some friends, and as she did not return her husband made in quarries which resulted in the discovery that she had taken steamer for Calcutta Some correspondence afterwards passed between the parties, and Mrs Scott lived for a time at the house of the petitioners brother, but so far as appeared from the evidence no adequate reason was ever given for her action In course of time her husband lost all know ledge of her whereabouts and matters ear assisted in yesterday's notice Asked as to the wiles means of support the petitioner Bill that she was posatBaidot landed proPerty in India, On this Mr Justice A Beet ett remarked that the most direct way of ascertainingMra Scotts whereabouts would have been to have inquired of the Rents who managed her property However Motor liiBtite Williams had decided to dis- pense with racial Hcrupo in the case he your 1 knit the decree TRIAL Afiw alleviations for the amendment of «". stating I icciiBingAct were put forward "lativel) at the monthly meeting of the rial j tor) of Melbourne South on Monday farm" when the Rev. D Gordon pro II and his ( imprelieiiBive Bear me of remain in dealing) with the li nor traffic J ntoiiriiBo 11 ) the favour with which his resposible abolish gricers hedges was re court Mr Gordon next advise that the "sale) ment of barmaids should be entirely prohibited as there was reason for believing "it to the allurements put forth by) these young women a vast amount of wine, was directly traceable Further »«KSfatioM were that a provision should be inserted in the act setting forth that no I person under 18 years of age coul i legally be supplied with liquor that the sale of liquor at cricket and football matches should be a prevented, and that all hotels should be closed on election dujB A peculiarly in genius plan for discouraging drinking was re vealedinaproposalthathotelkecp-rsshouldbe compelled to remove all screens in front of their bar windows, and that these windows should in all cases be made of clear glass, so that persons drinking at the bar could be readily seen and identified from outside It was resolved to call the attention of the General Assembly s temperance committee to the fact that the measure was now before Parliament the question of further action to be left is i til that committee At the meeting of the Council of Agricultural Education held yesterday members strongly resented what were alleged to be greatly exaggerated statements recently published by a contemporary on the labours of the council and the condition and efficiency of Dookie College, which is under the control of the council A resolution passed by the Dookie Agricultural Society was read condemning the articles in the strongest manner because of their untruthful and misleading statements and expressing on behalf of the farmers of the district their appreciation of the management of the Dookie, College and Experimental Farm A resolution was adopted authorising the chairman (Mr Levien, ML A ) to take steps to have the staff ments made in the articles publicly denied in the interests of the college A deputation was received from Ballarat, which asked that an agricultural college should he established at the common at Ballarat, and also one from Koroit, which suggested that the public reserve at Tower Hill should be used for that purpose It was stated that if the deputations could arrange for the transfer of either of these sites in the event of one of them hung chosen by the council as a site for a dairy school, it would consider the applications with others that had been received Muli reference to the strictures passed by the Bendigo Advertiser, published in our columns yesterday, on the superannuation of Mr A, H Grainger the inspector of mines, and the appointment of Mr A L Ronaldson from outside the public service, the secretary for Mines states that Mr Donaldson though not legally enrolled in the public service has been for years in the employment of the department is insp stores drills, and his appointments Mr Grainger's successor has led to the combination of both positions and the saving of the salary of one officer i the alteration made by the Minister of Public Instruction in the system of distributing the grant to technical schools will keep the vote within £10000 a year, instead of running up to the 000 as hitherto It is likely that the alteration will also lead to the closing of some of the schools in the suburbs of Melbourne if they do not show satisfactory work According to a return laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly last night the Railway department during the first six months of 1895 give employment to 2 031 | men in constructing and regrading lines an 1 casual work generally in the engineering branches Of this number 1 351 men were labourers engaged in day work, and there were BSC other labourers ( employed on piece work The Public Works department gave employment during that period to 138 men, and the Mines department to 108 Mrs Conolly read a conversational lecture on Moliere and his times to a very limited audience last night in the Alucnamui Unfortunately the lecturer appeared to be unacquainted with the proper management of her voice when addressing a small island of p runs in a spacious room full of echoes, and as she spoke in low and costs di acid tones to the manuscript she was holding in her hands much that she said was quite inaudible She was understood to sketch the I nding incidents in the life of the dramatist and to indicate the general character of his comedies the history of the French stage was touched upon and the state of dramatic literature in England, Italy and Spain at the time of Moliere was also given d at Some illustrative readings were lil ewise given from the Afimnthrope but it must be candidly admitted that, whatever may be the literary merits of the lecture, Mrs Conolly failed to do justice either to it or to herself by her monotonous and ineffective delivery of it Under the title of "A Citrus Fair,' a novel extra men will be opened this afternoon by His Excellency the Acting Governor in the town hall The exhibition, which is being conducted under the auspices of the Mildura Horticultural Society, will comprise specimens of the fruits grown under irrigation as well as dried and preserved fruits of every kind, olives olive oil and kindred products The interior of the Town hall has been completely transformed by the erection of handsome trophies in the from of pagodas hung with oranges and overly 000 of these have been used in the decorations One of the largest exhibits on view will be that of the Earl of Ranfurly), who holds a const derable extent of land at Mildura and shows a magnificent collection of oranges lemons and citrons A committee of Indies has undertaken the management of the refreshment stall which will be situated in the final of the Victoria Coffee Palace opening upon the Town Hall Very complete arrangements have been made for daily concerts in connection with the hair, and the leading vocalists of Melbourne will as sist in the musical programmes to be presented under the direction of Mr Auniist Su de Special prizes in connection with the I air have already been awarded for the best exhibits of Australian wines and brandies and most of the Victorian wine grower as were represented There were two classes one for dry and one for sweet wines and a prize of £5 vas offered for the best in each class The judges were Messrs H M Gooch I C N Cooper and I P Kaeppel Both prizes were won by Messrs. L King and SOIIB the Chatinih 'tahbilk Company running second in each case In the dry class the winners showed Hock Reisling, Hermitage, and Sans signor, and out of a post Bibil 200 points they were awarded 194 In the sweet class Messrs kit and Sons were awarded 179 points the Chateau 'Tahbilk Company was Second with 171 points and Messrs A Mueller and Co third with It J points The judges said that the same were of exceptionally fine quality, and equal to any that they had ever been called upon to test As evidence of the improvement in general trade in the United States Bradslrecla states that reports from 75 cities east of the Rocky Mountains show that more than 227 important manufacturing concerns lime re lighted their fires since the beginning of April, furnishing employment to £3 000 people, and that the danger of 178,000 industrial employes have been advanced within two months an average of 10 per cent This advance was given voluntarily to all but 25 000 employes they struck for higher wages, and received them. If the currency muddle was out of town the wage-earners of the United States might look forward confidently to a period of prosperity under the present reduced duties The Oxford theatre underitB ne«vmanage ment, was opened last night before a large audience, and the programme presented seemed to mci with the approval of those present, Mr Will Whitburn a clever skit tell, the Suburban Ghost, being especially enjoyed At Ina second orchestral concert which is to take place next Saturday evening in the Bijou Tin ntre Professor Johann Ki use will introduce to Melbourne audience the sea earth concerto of Spohr The sixth and eighth son centres have already been played here, but the famous seventh, which by man) is run kid as this composers greatest concerto is unknown to the concert platform of this city Madame I live v federalism will contribute two numbers and Professor Marshall Hall has again offered, his services as conductor The plan of seats will be open at 10 this morning. The student and military drama, "A Sailor's Knot was witnessed at the Theatre Royal last night by a very large audience, but the romantic story of peace and war must be withdrawn on Friday evening On Saturday evening an entirely new mode drama, entitled Saved from the Sea, will be produced for the first time in Australia, and will need to introduce Miss Elizabeth Watson who has recently been engaged to play had In Mr than 1 Holt's company The piece is said to be full of incident and Rome startling stage n artistes will be presented His 1 Excellency the Acting Governor Lady) Madden and the regal mart) visited the Princess's theatre last evening to witness the production of "The Amazons 'The piece which seems to displace the versatility) of the complaints most admirably), was played with excellent effect and Miss Lulu proved herself a worthy successor to Mrs Hough in the part of Lady Noelene in motor Rosalind who with her two sisters supply the motive of the comedy) The Ann one can only be at stated tonight To morrow night an i on In the night his next Saturday i The Importance of Being in I unrest will be produced for the last time in Melbourne In response to him at an u a lo 1 is a conn life for India to relieve the Alma Canon Tucker and Dr Stroiglroin tim liability they time li cam i In con noticing the list Helier A Miner Settlements A of time received the following g -millionth Guinea -Rev Dr htroi recollected his life Mar Union result of his J Cornmeal»! Hong, 1 9s. (6d, Land Mortgage. Bank, Os 6d , employes Lincoln, Stuart and Co 13s , employes Chambers and Seymour 106 , Anon is collected by Mrs A H M Lordan, all 179\. collected by Mrs. H) nee Hills On collected by Mrs Gavin Brown LI (additional) Total, £12 11s 6d We have received the following donations -For the South Broken Hill Mine Relief Fund £1 18 from LOL for the Melbourne Hospital Self Denial Fund 6s. 6d stomach for the land for Mrs Miles, of Drouin 2s 6d collected In a hot season The come red of the. bill in aid of the Malvern charities to he held at the Prahran Town hall on the 14th report that there is a continued nutt steady de- mand for tickets and at a inciting to be held on Thursday the) anticipate been in a position to (finally close the list. Complete and adequate arrangements fornlar"cattendante a of being, made in order to avoid any possible inconvenience from overcrowding The council of the Nunawading Shire at their last meeting decided to call for tenders for cast-iron pipes required for the scheme adopted by them for the supply of water to Iron Util The advertisement will be found in our Tender column and tenders are to be in by the 12th Inst. A visitors to Messrs George and George s establish , mont yesterday were my stilled by the pro lue tion of music from an Apollophone violin i suspended against a wall Selections from the great ! composers and popular melodies were played with I charming. effect and many conjectures were made as to what funds influence guide I the invisible bow and produced such music The 'Apollophone will be placed in its position every) day from Ham to pm and from till 6 every afternoon, and is well worth a visit of inspection Messrs On mo v and Kell) will sell by auction, at the penal establishment, Pentridge, to do), quantity) of unserviceable stores TO-DAY'S ARRANGEMENTS Victorian Poultry) and Dog Society a Annual Show, Exhibition building, 10 a m Railway Standing Committee Meeting, Parliament house, 11 a in St James's Building Society Meeting-, IOS Collins-street, noon Legislative Assembly) Resumption of Paris! Debate, 3 30 p m Australasian Building and Investment Society Meeting, 446 Little Collins street, 3 JO p in Broken Hill Water Supply Co , Half yearly Meeting, 39 Queen street, 3 30 p in The Acting Governor attends Arbor Day, Prince's Hill, 115 p m Mildura 1 fruit show, Town hall, afternoon and evening Address by Mr Purves, Q C, to the Law Students' Society), Athenaeum, pm Institute of Engineers, 352 Collins street, 8 p m Lecture by Mr S Mauger, "Work and Wages," Democratic club, 8pm Law List -See Law Notices, page 6 Auction Sales -See abstract, page 2 