Springwood. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) Glorious weather has prevailed lately with a seasonable temperature, something like what we ought to expect in February. Very little rain lias fallen since last report, the total for February being 4 inches 59 points. A number of our people patronised the Nepean District Show last week, ana a few of the exhibits from Springwood obtained prizes. Mr. Bayner ap pears to have been very successful with his fruit exhibits, having got first prizes for clingstone peaches, and baking apples, and second for collec tions of dessert apples, collection of baking apples, and second of Shepherd and Co's special prize for: best collection of fruit. Mrs. Wheatley was awar ded first prize for her apple jelly, and Mrs. R. Webb second for her damper. The man missing from his tent near Faulconbridge appears to be exercising the minds of the people hereabouts. On Sunday last Constable Tate, with a party of about 20 volunteers were out for some hours all over Faulconbridge gully, but did not find any trace of the man. Then on Wednesday last someone reported seeing a man airing a blanket just near the tent, but this apparition was not seen again so far as we can learn. We know the spooks have been bU3y of late down Sydney way, and sup pose one of them has come to the mountains for an airing. If this missing individual is here, what does he live on ; "for so far as we can discover, no one has supplied him with food, and there was none found in the tent. If he is a ghost that explains "it, but if he is of flesh and blood, he is playing a cruel joke with us. Meantime we'must only wait for some further manifestation of this mysterious business. These high-loaded teams, nob only cut up the road, but it appears they operate in another un pleasant direction. One day last week the electric staff.was out of order between here and Linden, and also between here and Glenbrook, causing much inconvenience and delay to the traffic on the rail way. The breaks were caused we understand by the connecting wires being caught by the teams at both sides of this station. The telephonic appar atus was also thrown out of gear for a time. The petition for altering the name of this Shire has been 6ent into the Local Government Office It bore the names of a great many residents of Springwood and Lawson. : The .Committee for the relief of the young chil dren of the iate Charley Wilson have not. yet got in all their" subscription lists, When they have they intend convening a meeting of subscribers &c.;, to decide what shall be done with the money. Meantime the three youngest children have been handed over to the Government to maintain, and another child-a girl of 12 years of age-.has.got a situation as nurse. Mrs. Cranswick, wife o£ oar Incumbent, had a narrow escape from a serious accident last Friday, She had left the parsonage in the sulky, to drive to the station to jneet Mr. Cranswick and the Primate who were coming from Lawsori by the afternoon train. After proceeding a few yards she noticed something was wrong, and she got out of the sulky to see about it. On oxamining the headgear of the horse she found the animal had not got the bit in its mouth, so she took off that part of the harness to make it right again. No sooner had she done this than the horse galloped oil with the empty vehicle, and Mrs. Cranswick was either knocked or fell down-in the road,-bnt was most fortun'ately unhurt. The horse wont full tear down the road until it came to the gates of the goods shed, against which . itjcollided, smashing the vehicle very badly. The animal being freed from the wreck by the collision, ran through the station yard, when George Tuthill clutched one of the dangling traces and managed to pull the beast up. A cricket match is to coma off here this Saturday between our club and Emu. The latter are likely to include Howell amongst their players, so some tall scoring may be anticipated. One or two errors in last week's letter required correction. Mr. Harwin (not Harrison) is the name of the officer who relieved Mr. Melville, the station master, during his holiday. And in the report of the. concert, the song " Happy Moments " was credited to Mr. Williams; it should lmve read Mr. Rowling. Kindly correct. LATER, The mystery attaching to the individual who was missed from his camp near Faulconbridge, was solved on Wednesday evening. He re-appeared, and, gathering up his tent and belongings, departed for "fresh scenes and pastures new." It appears that he is a free distributor of religious literature. The labour and anxiety his peculiar peregrinations cast on our constable and those who assisted in searching for him, did not meet with Christian recognition, as he stole quietly away without even a " thank you." Thursday proved one of the hottest days this summer, the shade temperature running up to 90 degrees. 