THE MINUET. ( TIU.NSI.ATGD FROM TUB FRKNCU OF GUI D1S MAUPASSANT.) " l ean support great misfortunes \vith equanimity/' said Leon Bridelle, tin old bachelor, reputed sceptical. " Wlien a soldier on the battl8-field I stepped over corpses without emo tion. The cruelties of nature or of man inspire horror and indignation, hut they do not give that contraction :>f the heart — that shudder which we iieel at the sight of certain small but touching incidents. What anguish equals that of a mother when her child is taken from her — that of a man whan death bereaves him of his mother ? Their "torment is violent; it rends and overwhelms, but thev recover from those catastrophes as from ieep, bleeding wounds. Whereas ertain meetings, certain things, lalf-seen but understood, certain ecret sorrows and misfortunes 1 waken in us a world of painful '-. hough ts, which abruptly push ajar he mysterious door of :inoral suffer- ng — suffering which is compli- ated, incurable, deeper because of is seeming mildness, more painful uicause of its .impalpability, tenaci- ius in its unreality, leaving in the -onl a shade of sadness, a drop of bitterness, a sensation of disenchant ment, which we are long in casting off. Memory constantly recalls to me two or three things which others assuredly would not have remarked, but which penetrated me like sharp, incurable slings. x You will not, perhaps, understand that I yet re member and suffer from impressions -o quickly conveyed. I will speak to you of but one; it is of long ago, hut as vivid as if of 3'esterday. I am now 50 years old ; then 1 was \\-oung and studying to be a lawyer. Somewhat sad and dreamy of temperament; imbued with a melancholy philosophy, I had no taste for noisy bar-rooms, brawling companions or coarse women. I was an early riser, and one of my greatest pleasures was to walk alone, about 8 o'clock in the morning, in the nursery garden of the Luxem bourg. Oh, that garden 1 It seemed to have been forgotten by a previous century, and was as lovely as the soft smile of an aged woman. Thick hedges, unceajjihgly trimmed to prim precision by the gardener's shears, separated its narrow, regular paths, and here and there were parterres of bright, blooming flowers, boarders of shrubs as exactly ranged as a band of collegians out for a walk, lines of magnificent roses or regiments of fruit trees. A whole corner of this delightful grove was inhabited by bees. Their straw houses, skilfully arranged on planks, opeued to the sun doors as large as a thimble, and all along the paths -one met Their buzzing, golden tenants, solo owners of that peaceful spot and its long, tranquil walks. I went there almost every morn ing and read, seated on a bench. Often I -would let my book fall upon my knees to dream, to listen to thev sounds around me, and enjoy the infinite repose of that garden of a by-gone day. Very soon I perceived that I was not its only early frequenter, for I often met, face to face, a strange, ; little old- man. He wore shoes with silver buckles, a long,, snuff-brown coat, a lace frill instead of a cravat, and a remarkable gray7 bat, wide- bri mined and fumy that made one think of the deluge. 1 lie was thin, very thin, angular, smiling of aspect, bufwith swift facial contortions. His keen eyes were constantly agitated by a con vulsive movement of the eyelids, anrl he always carried a superb gold- headed cane, ... The old fellow astonished me at first, then 1 began to grow greatly in terested in 'him. I looked for his coming, and followed him from afar, stopping at the turnings lest he should perceive me. One morning, believing himself alone, he began a series of Bingular movements. First, a few light bounds, then a low bow. Next, he cut with : his frail legs quite a sprightly caper, and then he began to turn briskly round and round, skipping, frisking, in such a droll way, and smiling as if to an audi ence. Then he. curved his arms, assuming graceful postures, twisting his slight puppet's body, and salut ing space with innumerable' gestures at once affecting and ridiculous. He was dancing. 1 stood looking at him, so. surprised at his curious actions, that 1 began to doubt the man's sanity. But suddenly, he Btopped ; ad vanced as actors do upon the stage, bowed «nd retreated with smiles and comc-dv kisses, that he threw, with nis trembling hand, to two rows l trees before, .him, then with the ut most gravity, he continued his pro menade. From that day I observed him attentively, and each day he recommenced his strange perform ance. 1 experienced a great desire to fepeak to him,' and, after having bowed, I risked saying : " We are having an exceptionally fine day." I He returned my salutation. " Yes, sir ; the weather is quite jwhat we used to have." A week later we were friends, and I knew his history. He had been dancing master at the Opera, in the time of Louis XV.: his beautiful Caneiwas a present from the Count jle Clermont; and when we spoke j»f dancing, he grew enthusiastic to such ari extent that he talked with out ceasing. 1 \- One. clay he confided to me. " I married La Castris, sir. I will pre sent you to her, if you wish, but i»v.e en ly comes here later iu the day. This garden, 3-011 see, is our pleasure and our life. It is all that is left us of the past. It seems to us that we. could not live if we had it no longer. It is so old, so unique in its beauty, is it not ? The air that I breathe here seems as invigorating as It was when I was young. My wife and I pass all our afternoons in this spot, but 1 come in the early morning also it is so lovely then." We separated, but that same after noon I returned to the Luxembourg, and soon perceived my friend cere- mouiously giving his arm to a little woman, very old and all in black. With courtly formality he presented me to her. She was inded La Castris, that famous danseuse who had won adulation and love from king and princess, who had been courted and worshipped by all in that gallant centur3' which seems to have left in the world an odour of love. We sat down on a bench of stone. It was the month of May. Flowers perfumed the air, and the bright sun shone through the leaves, bathing us in warmth and light. There was no one near in the garden. From afar came the sound of passing vehicles. " Tell me, will you not/' said I to the old man, " what was the minuet?" He started from his seat. " The minuet, sir, it was the queen of dances, and the dance of queens ; but it no longer exists. Our kings are gone ; the minuet has gone with them." Then he commenced, in pompous style, a long, di thy ramble eulogy, of which I understood nothing. I wished him to describe the steps, all the movements and attitudes of the dance. He-: tried, brit became con fused in . his description. .„ Exasper rated at his inability to make his meaning clear, suddenly/ he turned; towards his aged companion, sitting. : silent and grave on the bench, j " Elise, if you wish, it would be very j good of 3Tou, we will slrow this gen tleman what it was. Will you?" She glanced anxiously around-, then rose, and without a word : placed herself opposite him. Then I saw a sight I shall never forget. " Tho3 advanced and receded with .childish affectation, smiling . at o,ne another, bal an c in g, bo vv i 11 g, tr i jpp i.ii g ; along' like two old dolls set' in motion b3r rust3- inacliineiy, some what out of order, but constructed of vore b\T a akil lful workman. And I watched ibctn, my heart strangely, moved, all in)- . being 'oyer-; whelmed with p'rbfound' -melancholy." I seemed to see an .apparition — mournful, yet ludicrous— the old- fashioned ghost of a dead centuiy. L wanted to laugh, yet was read3' to cr3r. " ' ' ' :""J All. at once the3. stopped. They had finished all the figures of the dance. For several seconds , they! remained standing, face to face, smiling in. the most exlrao.rdinary way ; then"; th 03- kissed each .other; and I heard a smothered sob. Three, days later I left the capital for a provincial tour. i never saw them asain. When I returned . to Paris, two 3'ears after, the nursery garden of the Luxembourg had been destroyed. What became of them without that cherished spot of other daVs, With its . winding paths, its close-clipped hedges, and its odour of 'the past ? Do thej7 wander arouiid our modern streets like hopeless exiles ? . Or are |t hey dead, and dancing, perchance, a fantastical minuet — two comical ghosts — among the C3'press trees of soine cemetery, flitting up and down its tomb-bordered paths in the moon light? Their souvenir haunts me, besets and tortures me ; it is a wound which never closes. I cannot tell whj. Undoubted', 3"ou find me ab surd. 