POOR JONATHAN. ONE CHRISTMAS ON QUARRY HILL. His mates always spoke of him as " poor" Jonathan ; not, we believe, that he was any poorer or less fortunate than his companions ; for, truth to tell, they were all poor enough. Gold was scarce just about that particular corner of golden Bendigo, and only that divinity which shapes the ends of the digger kept the Quarry Hill camp from striking tents and seeking " fresh fields and pastures new." The "poor"_ then, us applied, to Jonathan, was simply a prefix thrown in to imply respectful sympathy with him in regard to his domestic environments. Some two years before, Jonathan and his wife Susannah had made their way: to Quarry Hill with all their earthly pos sessions—a dray and two horses, some baggage, four children, and ' a basket of carpenter's tools- With the tools (for. Jonathan was by trade a carpenter, • a most respectable calling by the way, if we go into the genealogy of trades) he bnflt' him a house. A house ? Well, perhaps now-a-days, if the ghost of the dwelling in question could be made to appear, it might bang between two opinions. ' One would proclaim the'struc ture a tent, with slabbed sides, while the other would as stoutly, maintain that it was a slab but, roofed with canvas. -a At any rate, the story runs that at this period of his history, in the year of grace 1So3, Jonathan Tborogood built a" bouse on Quarry Ball where his wife Susannah received boarders from among those diggers who had not forgotten to hanker after the comforts of a home. Yonder srnall enclosure, white with pipeclay no, I forgot—a highly orna- mented iron railing has replaced the irregular wooden fence which surrounded the spot where Susannah was put away to sleep in less than nine months after her arrival on Quarry Hill. A. marble slab too has taken the place of the little wooden cross, and only the noble old wattle remains to recall the story of. Susannah Thorogood's husband's 'eaily life to the white-haired visitor from the metropolis. When Susannah died, Jonathan's - owii sister. Meiia, had swooped down upon' his forlorn, little household, and taken right-hold 'knot only of Susannah's* never ending, never beginning, because1 always continuing labors, but of Jona than himself and his four unkempt - chil dren, whose spiritual condition she set. herself promptly to improve! - •* - 'c It cannot be stated as a fact that Miss" Thorogood's presence bad cast a glooin over onr hero and his little household, hut it did happen that '"from! the "day .of" that lady's advent there " was/id more* spirit left in. Jonathan,*; and -thongh'^he, smiled often enough in a melancholy kind of a way, his laugh was missed in the camp. ... . . .--l-wuc And so, " poor " Jonathan I :•'< "f , The children soon learnedvtb;;feantfiSr aunt, for Uiss Th or ogoo d, dots rmined * to - train them up on purelylSmpturai'Juite; the rod held pronounced swuv in Jonathan's household. . - ; Our story introduces Jonathan'seated on a tree-stump, balancing on his knees a tin dish filled with- potatoes, which he,-" with the assistance of his oldest girl T.^,, .was engaged in paring. Jonathan smoked his pipe gratefully" as he .pared the potatoes. Melia 'hail caught him at it in- her Ktcheu and at once braced herself, as the" war horse scenting the battle afar off—for . Melia waged unceasing war with tobacco—and poor-Jonathan incontinently flea to Ids city of refuge, the tree stump ? whither the attacking party seldom cared to pursue Mm. 1 - . . : " If Jonathan don't feel bisself' fit for man s worlc " she used to say, " least-' ways he can fetch an' carry fer mesas' do a odd job here an* there to help keep a roor over them children's heads.'? r . . V Jonathan was startled - from .. his reflections by a shriek from bis sister- and looking up, he beheld , her flying iteare arruea with a broom, in full "career" after the retreating form of the oldest-:seion of-" his house. "Hi,. Jonathan!" she shouted shrilly, "Jest von come' here a mnut; an' you, Liza ! you lazy bag o rubbish, you ! take them taties ad'"" peel em right-away. An' you Ike: go n see's the fire all riglft in the kitchen. Go right now!" she repeated impatiently, with a sigh which carried a groan in its hollow depths. Jonathan taking ids pipe from his mouth proceeded reductanily to obey his sister's summons. I hain't left anythink unfixed, hev I Melie ?' he asked . deprecat-' ingly, regarding his sister . with" that peculiarly beseeching expression, so often to be seen in the. eyes of little children and dogs. " 1 didn't say as ye had,'.', she replied, snappishly. " I called ve here" to see the mischief that there Johnny hev been up to." ;' • r - - - : f-'u. little chap,. muttered Jonathan his eye wandering, from the instruments or justice in Ms sister's hand, to the belt of blnegnm bnshes- beyond, from whence proceeded sundry sobs and moans; pathetic enough to harrow, up - the'* paternal feelings, as . embodied'" in Jonathan. ' " Poor little chap indeed she exclaimed, " I believe, Jonathhii; you sets them children up to defy mej'' " Beg pardon, Jlelie, for conterdietin ov'e, bat I all'ys does tell 'em as you be nior'n a mother to 'em." • k -- " Worn a mother to 'em 2 Ye "may well say that, / Jonathan Thor'good. Though I do say it "What on earth-'ud become o' you an' them niisfbrtunate children but fer me, the Lord only knows/' Here she tossed her head with a sniff and her little red, snub hose, took on - a yet deeper "tinge of satisfaction; and excitement, combined. * Miss Thorogood was a maiden ladv of by no means uncertain age, as "the white fuzzy ^ fringe of hair Deeping- from beneath the confining twists of an'old red woollen sealf; worn as u'sovefei°Ti protection against colds iu the head," neuralgia, etc., bora palpable and un blushing testimony. *' n" -Irf- m—tu, A1 3 An' jist supposm'" she went on; "I'd a gone an' got married? nothin' cn'd a saved "them children -from Thin bodyan' sonl, but no! I always said'as 1 I'd never marry, no, not die best man as : ever stept! an'thank goodness 1'vekep' ] my word I, Not but what I may as .well I be bothered with a man o' me. own,-as ] have the worry of another woman's hus- l band an' children shifted o' iuy sboulders," she added as an after thought. "Weel ilelie," put in Jonathan, ] roused to a mild show of resistance." T "I i told ye not to undertake the 'last:'I knowed'twould be too much fer 'e." • . "Ye3 Jonathan Tliorgood, ye ;;jfs£ wanted to bring a strange woman in "poor Susannah's place,.but I says no I says whilst them poor motherless offsprings has a aunt to bring *emup decent an' keej> a restraining eye oil; their father, Jonathan Thor'good's house don't see no -stepmother waHriiP in the door-" Jonathan stifled a sigh. " Thank ye kindly Melie," he said. _She watched him as he slowly retraced his steps, mingled contempt and admira tion shining in her glitseriDg grey eyes : admiration.for his stupid honesty, and contempt for his • utter laziness) and unresisting submission to the thrusts of 1 l?ate. : " "Wonder,?' she mused, '" what makes im soinnercent an' patient like? there isn't one o'- them children but ;'ud give me more impudence in a day than he'd give me in a lifetime. Poor Jonathan ! " she concluded with a sigh. About a lifilr-a-mile from Jonathan's house, and securely sheltered from Miss Thorogood's penetrating vision by the intervening growth of blue gum and ! wattle saplings, slumbered a deep, dark j pool. This waterliole beld special at- I tractions for the infant Thorogoods for ! reasons which will commend themselves' j to every young and enterprising mind. They had been strictly forbidden to play there; tradition had it that a man had j been drowned there, and that his body still lay at the bottom. Then a black- i bird had its nest in the branches of the ' tree which grew on the very edge of the upper bank, which, was steep and rocky, and the tree inclined itself so temptingly over the water 2 And, oh ! how delight ful it was to climb out on the branches and count the blackbird's eggs, and watch your reflection in the water! Johnny and 'Liza did all this, they climbed out on the sturdv limb and ' acquainted themselves with the blackbird, it's manners and habits, and but for a lamentable circumstance, to be herein after related, one of them might have come to great estate in the realm of natural science. I am sorry to record that on this very branch while peeping with heads toget her into the nest to count the leathers as they came on the haby blackbirds, many cruel and bloodthirsty plots were formed for the immediate extermination of their aunt. i ifl'iiey were only babies you see, of eight and seven respectively, and had not got so far in their catechism as the Sixth.Commandment. Passing that way in search of the cow which had strayed with her calf, Jonathan overheard a bloodcurdling conversation between these twoyonspirators, which.'eansed tmn to for get the errand on which he was bent, to light his pipe and, absorbed in deep reflection, make his way home, bent on " having it out with his sister." "You see this yalla mark here ?" Jonnie had remarked pointingto a fad ing bruise" on bis forehead, " well,' that's where she caught ine with the iron buckle on daddy's saddle-girt, and there's black marks on my back, I know there is, fer it hurts awfuL" : Tin goin' [to . show daddy what she 'erdown an' I didn't doit. " She's, a debbil, an' ,1 wish'fc she were dead." = Let's get her to - come down here, an' we'll push 'er in :an' drowned 'er? s: . " When I grow to be a man,. I'ingoin'. to buy a gun an'shoot'er." " I would'nt wait fer that, it takes too long to.grow up."„' y , ii £1 ■ : Jonathan's pace became'slower as he drew near to his, sisteris - vicinity, the hopelessness of His enterprisechilled him,. .dud for th'e'fiifst time, .the posabiHtrv-thaf ' Melie' bad not even one' tender; chord in allher hard nature to appeal toy "struck ■himlwnth a kind of consternation ^ H L " Poor Melie," he soliloquised, slowly -shaking his heaiLyJ "[She ,rbe!ia most sing'hir woman, so brimrum' full o' the low; p' God, that she :can't finii ;rnnm tn "er 'eari for the love o' anythink else." ; ; In;the" iiio'stsepish' soitl therehabides 'a [capacity for pure'nh'adMtefated iniselfish ness, which only shows", itself when some special circuuistaiiee .or!* objectT.callsr for its mani^stafion.! And;Miss Thorogood's! selfish unselfish love-for her brother's : ^ouugest, chadr^elly^;made;her harder, rand'-more'-tmju^ ;:to,'Lh'eL "oider JcMldreir .than she wonid hUve[l)eeh'had she been ab Jonathan thoughfc,- incapable of loving anything. " i.0 . ——— . ; When, therefore;" Jonatharftimidly ap proached, her. and told'her that.he wished to have a* little "serious' talk"1 with her about .the - chill'un,; she - bristled , up,* •defecting at"once, in ihVsimple request a ■slight to her favorite.-.-;.- - - -- ■" ; " Well," sHe said,what's now ? Ls any ov 'em sick f " v ' "No no, Melie; leastways net real sick like, but there's 'Johnnie'now." he .went on, a bright ideabaving. occurred ±0 him, suggested by her qne«tion; " he -hin't; not jto 5say ; over; strong5Hand." I "thought maybe ye'd make allowances like fer his little ; failin's; an'.'not wallop firn so dreadful hard till-he be* more abler like to bear it." V yi, : j" There!", ... almost ... shrieked ; Miss Thorogood, "Xknowed.their father'd be the fust to give theui-.unfort'irit children a helpin' hand to laud 'em on the ,gallows![but my conscience is1 clear-2 if [ever w6ihah'"'d6iie her duty I've '"dime [mine. an' nothin' you. can say, Jonathan Thor'good, 'ill stopme doin'.iny best to train 'cm up in the way-they should "o. Spare the rod an' spile the child; says !he seripters! I'll do neither.' Ah' of all -the stubborn e b'ys; in t this* world that Johnny's the worst''' - "ButMelie " "Why on'y this, moruin'," she,went on, needless of her brother's" remarks, " that cruel little monster throw'd little felly off the stool, j'ist fer the sake ov hearin' the po' little thing cry 2 An'he done it right afore, my own■ eyes • too 2 But, my word! be; won't do: it' > a°in" though." -" = That evening Jonathau-sat.at the door of his habitation and Job'nny - nestled beride.Mui,,,-:, .„ „ - , . It Has: "been said that the little one's whom God sends his Aaigel to -gather for transplantation -to-'the - 'Gardens of Paradise are., touched, "by .the,hand - of Jesus, and so" niade-unfit; for.- companion— ! ship with earth's; "chndrem:"=,.;Thus, per haps,hs' explained the' pathetic "interest, the wistful inquiring of -little children, " who flutter through-their, little day all too soon," into the-uusearciiable thhi"s of; Gcd , ~ ~ "'Daddy,'.', .inquired-'Johnnie, -softly bieaking the. silence which wrapped them " " Is God. always beatin'.,the children up there to make 'em good-? " Course not, sonny." "Well, then, AiinrMehe savs thatGod hate? ine.leause Tin sub a - bad, bov,-- an' he's goin' to punish me,.worser to "make me ofCMjd.'' _ _ " Johnme,"- • udmoiushed ■-** Jonathan solemnly, " don't *e go for to believe no sich yarn. - There be something "in 'the Bibloabout. little chili'n, but, -somehow, I can't zegactly ree'leet where 'tisan I've forgot the-words,- ; but-.1 fenoiv it. means sometlnn' aboutBttle. 'uns.":-;'-? -sji'eebh' Jonathan was grasping liis' ;head.,-.with ..his .hand . and. would assist memory to cast up the required information, from her buried stores.-'-' -i.Jy 1'- ,i!; " Tell 'ee,^ what., Jonathan, observed" brightly after'."a: .pause; ' '• We'll, go [over to Jacob's teetbyT^-by,yand;be'Ul find out whatthe words.is".; Jacob do know -a powerful lot about the Scripture; an' iio mistake." _ J " J " Daddy," whispered Johnny,;" *'spose you come with -me;-to'Sunday school,' : to-morrow ?"' „ _ Tor sure I iviil,.-.sonny,-- wonder-1 [never thought on goin', afore,- but I'll go along anVsee Jacob just now, an* go you into bed sonny, an'-don't-'ego for to 4ret, an' rwqrrit yer little'; .'eart-like f'this' yen" ■■-. cm; \- .-Three o'clock on the . following after noon (Sunday) Jonathan having dutifully washed up " after dinner.prepared, with little- Johnnie, to 'set off.. for Sunday school. Jacob Jones, a very illiterate; but godly old. man, beld a kind of religious service" on Sabbath afternoons in an old disused hut.. Am his;; congregation, colisisted al most exclusirely of, children, 'with here and there a woman thrown' in; hs''called; the meeting -a 't Snnday School." and' there mustiiave been .wet ayes aiiibng the heavenly- , hosts, when - - the Becordiii" angel - described;-bow; - Jacob - mighty strove, spelling. word - for 'word, ° Iris rough finger; following the lines; to read and commitrto r-memory a chapter from the bible, that he might" " get through " on the1 Sabbath without-much stumbhng, and make plain to'His [hearers God^s i hoimdless love; and pity for His crea« j.tur'es." • Many of; the diggers were engaged in w^hing their clothes in the little creek wlfieh ran hard by the old sfah con ) ventiele, wlrile others, in groups of threes and fours, amused themselves with card i playing on the grass; for in the matter of Sunday observance, the' digger is a law [ unto himself, but the nature of their , employment did not prevent many of | them from taking their pipes from their mouths,_ and aiding the worshippers within right lustily when Jacob raised the hymn tuue. Behold, then, Johnny and his father seated hand in hand in the most incon spicuous corner of the hut they could find, waiting expectantly for the en lightenment which Jonathan knew was coming, forbad ho not asked Jacob, quite privately; to t4eay summit about wbat ! was in the bible- consarniu' little children," jist to please little Johnny like/' ne nad said. And had not Jacob, delighted with the labor of love appointed him, spent the greater part of the previous night in finding all the places in which children were spoken of in the Word and thinking out Mid going over and over in hir mind all that he would say (for Jacob could not write) in explanation of, and enlargement on, the passages? It came at last. The very words which Jonathan had heard long ago and could not remember. " Their Angels do always behold the face my Father, which is in Heaven." "What matter that Jacob's expounding of the passage displayed little orthodoxy and less^ theology, his hearers were highly ediked and went off fullv satisfied with his explanations. ^ iliss Thorogood was engaged in mix ing the 44 duff " for her lodgers' dinner. That hospitable lady made a point of having a pudding everv day, and she had been heard to declare that 44 most all the men likes currant duff better'n pie," from which statement we may (even without the corroborative testimony of tho3e who enjoyed the privilege of "dining at her board) take it for granted that pie and currant duff rang the changes on one an other with unvarying regularity in Miss TilorogoGil's menu. On this particular morning UTTec Thorogood discovered that all the cur rants had been used up, and this alarni mg revelation had bnrst upon her with wholly unexpected suddenness, just at the supreme moment when, the currants being added, the pudding would be ready for the boiling wrter. " "Well, I declare I " she exclaimed, not one currant leftTan* the water all ready boilia'.' -Which on ye's stole the - currants?" " I didn't! " in a chorus from four young throats. - ;" Johnny, did you take _em . Ye need'nt say ye didn't,-fer I know ye did, I can see it in yer face. Jist you wait till my hauds is free of all this muck, an' I'll teach ye to 'go round" picldn'. an' stealin'! " . , - ;:, :. "But I did'nt aunt," quaveied Johnnie, lus ttiin httle:face gone-, white with fear. : " Don't tell me no more lies Johnnie; ye'r only makin' bad wuss." "-•* : TP Jhc . — waan " was takeu^down, and suffice to say .-Miss Thorogood did not 'spare for his crying, and the helpless childp smartingunder -a sen" ; of tlie' in j usticc of Ms aunt's Treatment,- ■ and -the Pam of his" cruelly bruised body, fled away to the blackbirds—ttry.were happy enougMand to watch.their happiness was all the happiness he was ever to know. Thus mused YTohnnin as ho sat on the bank of the.. waterhole. . chewing the pennyroyal leaves that irrew there in. plenty. „ - 5 ' ??. 1v*LS S'^y there when the moon came out, bnt the evening was warm1 and the little boy had said-to himself-that he would stay there till; sonie pne should come and .fetch him,. bnt no ono had come for it was Christmas Eve, and amid the general i excitement ("attending the occasion on Quarry'Hilly so small-;* circumstance as .little Johnnie might easilybe overlooked. " 1': \- ^-^Ii^i^thedput on the .Tree as'far over the-water as the branch would : bear him," and lay clasping • the limb and watched jhe ^ reflection.of the moon .and his own tbe darksome pool. ".Then' he fell to wondering.gif the "moon.: could have anything to. do with " God's face" -in the . story "Jacob had • told them 011 ofaunday;. perhaps " : God -' lived in the moon, and that- might be why it was so bright at night when all the world was dark. Johnnie's idea of the size of the world, you see, was naturally circuinscri bed. h cD.e~was thinking of : Jacob's story " of the day before.and repeating, the words : ^crs6 half aloud. ,<4- Anrt -their angels do always— —always be- "" He must have fallen asleep with" the last word " behold " on Bis lips;"for only the' moon saw the littlo dark-object slip from the bough.and divide the Twaters of the pool as it sank, to rise rapidly only to sink down, down, and again"for the last time. " The-blacibirds. fluttered "from1 their nest and . flew i about: the . surface of, the pond uttering sharp cries of-distress when that one cry of " Daddy I » followed by a land of choking sob pierced the peace ful night. ....... > The moon saw, and drew a cloud before her face. S'o the . little drowning boy came - up once—once more—and then slowly sank beneath the cruel water jfdr the last time.. The bubbles rose' slowly Mid widgiad ont on the "sutface - and offly the final widening ring made by' tbe last slowly .rising bubble, disturbed tbe^snipothness of the pool;, when' the: moon,"withdrawing her vedrvchtured'Td' peep at the scene of ' the'-qniet tragedy - Bnt one face looked' back into hers—her own. ". There, was.mo. cooking /of.;.Christmas puddings on Quarry Hill -that Chrismas day. The ...buckets.-stood, empty, the billies unboiled. - -v. _ .y 1.here was work to—do, and every digger, in the camp worked, with • a will till trenches had been dug and the "water hole drained dry. : | They:-.,foundr ■ more .than poor little Johnnie's body;- too. gold 1' Gold shining in the rock overwhich the tree grew and below;, where the water had been, besides nuggets, mingled with the sand at the' bottom. . .. "v ' Jonathan " was made principal share - holder in the mine.? for all the honest fellows declared tliat Johnnie had found ■the gold. ' ."In the solid rock they scooped out .a'sepulchre for the little coffib, ahd'a square marble tablet "'covers the mouth,: bearing this inscription— - ■ ' " Sacred, to Johnnie." 