CHAPTER XVIII. THE ARRIVAI. AT RUHOA AND THE SOLVING I OP THE MYSTERY. I WHATEVER ho thought concerning himself, the photographic artist believed that his visitor must be go- ing mad, for he had never listened to such " strauge talk " before. When Frank Forrester showed, by his close, pointed, and lucid question- ings, that he was as sane a man as could be, tho artist was moro aston- ished than over. But nothing could shake his first statement that it was a Miss Maud Ogilvie whose likeness he was paint- ing, and that she had come there accompanied by her father, who was a very tottering and infirm old gentleman. " Why, but bo is dead also, and was buried-let me see-exactly a month ago," said Frank. " Well, but," stammered the artist, "ghosts don't walk about in the broad daylight, and go into photo I graphic studios to have their like I nesses taken. Nor are they solid to the touch, as I can swear this young lady and her father both were ; for I had to touch her frequently in order to pose her aright, and I stepped inadvertently on his gouty toe, and in his anger at my "d-careless- ness," as he called it, he prodded one of my feet with the point of his stick in a manner that I'll swear no ghost could have done. So you see you must be all wrong,' sir." : Frank Forrester saw clearly by this time that he had been making an ass of himself. The mystery still remained as remarkable a one as ever, however, and there was but one consolation in it, namely, that Ruhoa and Mount Egmont could hot bo more than fifty miles distant from the seat of war in New Zealand, whither he was the next'day bound. A young colonial doesn't think much of a fifty mile ride under any circumstances. ". ',. So Frank had his own ¡portrait taken, as he. had intended, and the next morning embarked on board thefineinter-colonialsteamer Wonga wonga, bound to : the : port of Hokatikii, a few leagues from; which the hottest of the fighting was going on. y ?,- . V . ,;i , .-.' - ?<}<:< A week later he was in the very thick of it, and the Maoris gave him and his fellow-surgeons plenty : of work-to do,- what with continuous night attacks and the gallant defend- ing of their pahs; or stockaded camps, for they had at last discovered that for years they had been swindled out of1 the lands that wèrë their birth- right, ; by being made to sign docu- ments that they could not read and which were falsely explained to them, whilst oven the missionaries who had converted them to Christianity had exchanged with them Bibles worth a shilling,for pigs that were worth twenty shillings ; indeed a fat pig was the standard price for a Bible at nearly all the mission stations, the missionaries being almost .always farmers in addition. , The Maories wore, generous an- tagonists at; first, but they deemed that the white man was, taking a mean . and cowardly, advantage ? of them by coming into the field armed with superior weapons to their own; especially with " fire tubes " that would kill at thrice the distance that theirs would do, and after that they, became savage; relentless, 'and cruel, and for the first time began to attack Íjeaceful settlers, to . burn their lonies, and to slay the women and children as well as the men. 1 But there can be little doubt that we killed some of their women first, inadvertently it may be, for as the New; Zealanders are a beardless and whiskerless race, and the sexes dress much ' alike, it might have been impossible always to have distin^ guished them, especially af ter rushing a pah in the night-time, added to which some of the most disreputable scoundrels in the five colonies had joined our volunteers. . , So the war soon began to be waged in the most savage manner on both sides, and to roll in an eastward direction as well, so that before very long Frank Forrester, moving on- wards with tho field hospital, found himself much nearer to Ruhoa and Mount Egmont than fifty miles, and then one evening around the camp fire he heard it whispered that'the sottlers in that district were in grave Seril, forthat'a Maori prisoner had eclared that the great chief Wai hekia had sworn that he would carry fire" and steeV through tho' entire' region ' tb ', avenge his daughter, Emuka, who had been burnt alive in a hut that the white Christians had sot fire tb, which was all true enough, though it seems that our people, had no idea that she was -there, for , the girlj who was lame, had hidden, out of sight;.¡and the hut, in common with scores of others whoso inmates had, run ; away was thought to bo empty. W aihekia, however, thought it was purposely done, and now he was thirsting for vengeance, which it seemed "only too probable he would be able to obtain, for the main body of the colonial' army was too far away to render succour in"time, even if it . had not been exhausted by a series of forced marches in a futile attempt to: bring to a' decisive action a;;foe' that' had on every1 occasion baffled and eluded it, whereas the small party to which Frank Forres- ter was attached had quite enough work to guard'the wounded and the medical stores, which it was its special business to do. ; It was of tho utmost importance! however, that the ; Mount Egmont district should be put upon its guard, and so it was resolved, that three, mounted men should be at once des- patched thither with the intelligence of Waihekia's intentions, and volun- teers were called to undertake; the hazardous duty, Prank Forrester thereupon at once up and said that as the wounded wore all doing well, and there were no sick, he would, if ^ anyone would lend him a horse,' ride to Ruhoa, which he believed was in the very heart of the threatened district. The offer was immediately ac- cepted, and a horse was offered him, with a sabre and couple of revolvers as well, so that a very few minutes behold him ready to depart on his mission. Then he Was told that if he kept the snow-clad summit of Mount Eg- mont immediately in front of him, , and which, could be clearly seen looming out of the dark indigo-hued, I star-studded sky, it would lead him straight to his destination. So Frank Forrester departed, feel- ing that if he escaped scathless a couple of hours would solve the mys- tery of the portrait that he had beheld in the Sydney photographic studio, and which had haunted him night and day ever since. Once in the threatened district, Frank Forrester gave the alarm at every homestead no sighted, either to the right or to the left of him, but they were few and far between, and delayed his onward course but little. Arrived, however, on the confines of the Ruhoa runs, he did something more than warn the hut-keepers and stockmen at such bark-slab shanties as he passed, that they'd better take refuge as quickly as possible at the home station, for its inmate's sake as well as their own, but also made an excuse to ask who dwelt at the home Station. '.The old master and Miss Maud " was the regular and unvarying answer, and he refrained from ask- ing if they were ghosts lest he should be thought mad, and his warnings be consequently neglected. Yet it was all very strange and puzzling to him, for though there might have been many Mary Smiths and Ann Joneses scattered over the colonies, the name of Maud Ogilvie could hardly belong to more than one girl in the world he thought, and then besides that^ and far more extraordinary still, it was united to the face and form of her whom he had loved and lost, and whom he had ,'. witnessed . encoffined screwed down, and positively buried in the Fern Tree Gully. Well, it %vould all be solved pre- sently, and so he restrained his impa- tience as well as ho could and rode on as though he was riding a race across the grassy undulating slopes, until the verandahed, one-storied, shingle roofed home station rose to view, covered with great bell-mouthed, major. convolyuli. blossoms, inter- mingled with honeysuckle, to the very chimney tops. " ; " Another quarter of an hour and he was there.,' Colonial fashion, he first stabled his horse, and then .went round and knocked at tho principal door. .; The hour J was a late one, but all the rooms were lighted up, and the window, being , wide open he could perceive that a dance was in progress and that the rooms were tolerably full of guests. " This is à'gbod thing," thought he ; f¡ chance has brought all thèse people together, and; they will be far safer together than separate." ? .' ' ' " ; : '.His .summons was, answered by a servant, and he requested to see the master of the house. <,. ¡ ,¡ Thereupon he was ushered into a small room, an empty one, and requested to sit down. ;:7;-,''. A few minutes elapsed and then there entered the apartment, not an infirm old gentleman, which'he had fireparcd himself for, but, a most ovely young girl, clad in soft Indian muslin, which her beauteous - arms, neck and shoulders fairly rivalled in whiteness, and wearing no, ornament whatever save natural flowers, v She greeted him with a smile and said " My dear father is veryfeeble and infirm, so if your news is not all good will you mind telling it to mo instead, so that I may break it to him as gently as possible ?" But Prank Forrester could not answer her. He oven recoiled from her, pale and breathless, for in the apparently heavenly visitor he beheld'the origi- nal of thc portrait in the Sydney art studio, and as he felt convinced (the resemblance was so : extraordinary), the spirit of his first and lost love, whose body he had seen buried under the fern shadows. ,.: The young lady noticed his agita- tion, and the chinarose-hued flush of her ¡cheeks faded until , they. were nearly as white as her plump dimpled shoulders. ? M . What ' is the matter ?" she exclaimed. ' ; " What can possibly affect you so ? Is. it, then, very bad news'that you bring,us ?" . > < ? " No, no, don't be afraid on that score, but I was fondly attached, in fact engaged, to a young lady of your name, age, and, stranger still, exact resemblance,'and-and-and so your aspect'unnerved me for a moment. I can hardly believe that you are not her spirit." - ; i» 'f Then you must know my cousin Maud: My father and hers were twin;' brothers, and we were both called af ter . a , beloved.; sister, our. aunt, who died very young. But 1 have never seen my cousin Maud, for my father and uncle . have been estranged for years, owing to a family quarrel, which ? is; ever» the bitterest of all quarrels. Is it of my uncle or cousin, or of both, that you have brought us news?* I hope so, for I would be so glad of a reconcili- ation." .' "? ?' '? :j ? ? ; (To bc continued in Tuesday's issue* J. .. 