Degeneration In Ghosts. | It bus been said recently by a popular paragruplilst— olio of a distinct school in our current literature, by tho way— that the two notable revivals of the hour are ghosts and Tories ; that the essayists are chiefly responsible for the first, and tho' patriotk'.-heredltiiry so cieties for tho latter, lie that as It may, we must, admit that the renaissance lu ghosts Is ^considerable. Wo liivd tho ghost in every. Jssue of every popular magazine ; but, alas ! Is it not plain that It is a degenerate— that tho flu de sleclo ghost, at Its best, makes a poor showing beside those awful shades before which our forefathers crouched and shivered — those ghosts that were not to be trifled with ? Now, It can never be said of the eigh teenth century, with all Its shortcom ings, that it did not baud over to the nineteenth a first-class tiling in ghosts ; nothing akin, seemingly, to Its flicker ing survival— tills remnant that .lias been ' Interviewed' and ' tested' and exhibited almost out of existence. And surely the twentieth century will have good cause for accusing tho nine teenth of defrauding it of what the human family may yet be sorely Incon venienced to get on without. ' What have you done with Niagara Falls, and the Palisades, and the buffalo, and ghosts ? Where jire those Shades that were Intrusted to you— that came down from Homer and- Shakspeare, and men who knew 11 good thing when the saw it. ? And what have you done to civi lised man that; he can no longer bellete In ghosts ?' That last question we leave to the scientists. Conciliation of the offended Shades will come from another quarter, if it is ever offered. Perhaps the time will come when the ghosts of our fore fathers will be missed and longed for, and an effort will be made to restore to the race those dear psychological facul ties through which ghosts that are ghosts can bo seen and appreciated. The majestic, gliding ghost of the far away past, and that novel variation seen by the Ancient. Mariner when ' Souls did from their bodies fly, And every soul, it passed me by, Like the whiz of my cross-bow.' show faint kinship, if any at all, with the popular type of to-day, best de scribed by Lewis Carrol : ' That merry ghost . . . that sat upon a post . . . and champed and chawed his but tered toast' . . . aud told just how lie ' worked his tricks' — ' And when you've learned to squeak, my man, - And caught the double sob, You're pretty much where you began ; Just, try and gibber, if you can. That's something of a job. Shakspeare, it is, I think, who treats Of ghosts in days of old, Who gibbered in the Roman streets, Dressed, if you recollect, in sheets— They must have found it cold.' Shades of Pntroclus and Banquo and Hamlet's sire ! Is this which Carrol calls j'a thing.' and 'a brat,' and which our children are personating in high fun, all that the; ; twentietlr cen tury is to get from the nineteenth in the way of a. ghost ? Coleridge could write, not so very long ago, what no one would to-day, in' sober earnest : ' Like one that on a lonesome road Doth walk iu fear and dread, And, having, once turned round, walks on And turns, no more ills head, Because lie-knows a frighful fiend -Doth close li&iirid; 'lilm-tread ' . What will tire twentieth century do without an unfailing antidote for slug gish braiu and circulation ? What spur is there for paralysed or dormant facul ties like a genuine, blood-curdling, hair lifting glibst, or a good story of . on- ? Will our flippant tiling ever prove Itself a lever for the progress of tho race? Hardly. Soon nobody will be left to say, even with Mdme. de Stael— ' I don't, 'believe in ghosts, , but I am afraid of them, nevertheless.' V. , . Think of the; conventions, where the ghosts are a part of tho attendance, sub mitting: to Parliamentary rules; prompt ly-answering questions, and adjourning upon motion I And here comes a report by telegraph, -served upV with the war in China, amendments .of -the. constitu tion, &c.;, of a .weddiiig between a ghost and 'a beautiful, -well- educated,' and v. emtny .woman. 1'articuiars are given :of liow it stepped out from a cabinet, presumably, at the weddiug-march, clad in the uniform,, of an army officer— can it lie dealt with for doing that ?— prov-. iug tangibility at the outset bv putting a slipper on the foot of the bride. Then it slipped the r.ing. on her finger, and -' a minister' pronounced tliem' niarried. A good ? - many, J , questions arise in the thoughtful mind. What may lie. the contingencies' of such n union ? ' What complications beyond the reach of our courts ? How; if tills thing goes on, will it affect the so-called superfluous wo man ? Can any superfluity rap up a husband, if glic will ? The ghost of the popular story-tellers is a capering, hilarious spook as a rule —an adept in tricks, aud a finished come dian, unless it is completely done for, as is the water , ghost of John Kendrick Bangs, that damp and dewy female who would persist in spoiling the Christmas clieer of -her family, until the hero suc ceeded in freezing it stiff and packing it off to a. cold-storage warehouse, suggest ing how a possible survival of the nine teenth-century ghost may be revived in the twentieth century— its ' idly regu lar, charmingly null' characteristics thawed oiit'r thus, delaying the utter ex tinction of what' possibly it is' hot yet too ' late to '... preserve and restore.* — Jane M. Parker, in 'N- Y. Home Journal.' 