MOTES & AMSWER8. answers to correspondents. " Orbost."—Shires -was the |*erson Showing off snakes in Melbourne when Air. llrummond got fatally bitten. The fatality occurred on May 1, 18G3. " Port Melbourne."—In English notation a billion means a million tnillionH; in France and the United States a thousand millions are called a billion. B is right as to America. Cheap Electric Lighting.—"S.B.O." writes:—"I have thought of a plan by which Melbourne and all the towns could be lit by electricity at a very cheap rate. I want £1,000 for the plan. Who should I apply to?" Who, indeed. *<S,8,C." bud better patent Ms invention, and (hen wait to he rushed by speculators. Snakes' Eggs.—C. H. U., writing from Balmsdtle, say6:—"To-day (October 20) I killed a large tiger snake, and on cutting it open found it contained a number of eggs, so many as 20. Now on former occasions I have killed snakes that hove had their young ones about them and ran down their mother's mouth for proteotion. What I want to ; know is if the things I imagined were eggs are eggs, and bow ate they brought to life?" Professor Baldsvin Spencer answers as follows:—" The structures seen were probably eggs. These would be developed within the body of the mother snake j and give rise to young snakes, which would pro- j habiy be bom sometime during next January. | There is as yet no proof of the often-repeated statement that the tiger or any other snake ' swallows its young. If your correspondent •ever actually sees this done and will, without damaging it in any way, put the beast into spirit and send ' it to the editor of The Auetralasian for examina tion he will materially assist in deciding a vexed question.'* "Brighton" (Brighton).—The Pelasgi—the ancient prehistoric inhabitants of Greece—are called " the children of the Sun." This phrase implies fair complexion and auburn hair. After successive in-' vasions Hie type woe mixed,and inHomeran epithet1 is found in constant use iu regard to the gods ..and the Grecian chiefs, as to which Liddell and Scott's remark is that "fair blonde hair, being rare jn the South, seems to have belonged to the ancient ideal of youthful beauty." It may be inferred that blonde was not the prevailing complexion in Homer's time, because if it had been the epithet which he applies to gods and heroes would have had no special aptness. Your question can enly he answered in general terms t—Swarthy complexions were, and are, more common in Italy than in Greece; and the Grecian racial characteristics have not changed much since the days of Pericles. If you look up Kingiake's IioUien you will find in chapter vii. an interesting description of the women of Cyprus, oe still showing the old Grecian type of beauty. Mental Telegraphy.—" S.fvO.," of Rosebud, having noticed extracts in our columns from au article by Mark Twain on mental telegraphy, forwarded (through us) to the huuiorist eome instances of clairvoyancy and telephoning which had oome under his uoticc in the course of reading. Having extracted an acknowledgment from Mr. Clemens, "8.8.C." asks us to publish note and reply. His i original note ran as follows" I have read < of several cases of persons who could 6ee things in the dark at a distance. In one case a person saw a murder committed j and described the murderer to the police, and : the murderer was arrested by it. A gentleman saw j a friend killed in a carriage accident at 12 miles j distance. Several others have also been published. Some Australian shepherds, I have been told, could J see' and count their sheep in the dark and with j their eyes shut The belief in ghosts is thousands of years old, and seeing in the dark persons at a distance will account for it. Spirit mediums, as j they are called, always want a darkened room. No doubt there have been many impostors wlio in vented to make money. There is anothersuhject that I believe is not much known, and that Is telephon ing along the ground by theaboriginals of Australia. Two persons who had been much with the people told me of it. One-said that one day he saw an aboriginal clear away the leaves and rubbish on the ground, and then he rapped on the ground with his fist and then put his ear to the ground. "The person asked what he did it for, and he said, * Tabber along a blackfefipw.' I wrote to Edison about it, and suggested his trying to talk by insert ing a short wire along the ground and another at a distance, both attached to telephones, I never heard if he tried it, I should have said then < was a blocks' camp about half a mi lea way from the blackfellow." Aliss Clemens answered for her father as follows:—I write for my-father to thank you for the incidentsyou sent him ^ description of. They interested him very much, and he is going to take the privilege of using them the next time he writes an article on that suhject. He is always glad to know all he can in this line." "Grazier."—The first Edd.vetone lighthouse was built ] in 1C9G, the second in J70S, the third in 1759, the j fourth (a substitution of wood for stone) in 1770. The foundation of the present liehtiouee was laid ; on August 19, 1879, and the light "opened" on May IS, IS82. " Ship Hartfield."—From 95 to 100 days are considered j a good average passage from New York to Mel bourne. "Thornby,"—Nothing profitable can mult from a discussion with & person like yourself, who calls interest" robbery." If people do not wish to pay interest they should not borrow. Any person who lays by part of his earnings is entitled to get what use he can out of such earnings. You propose that the state should take the interest. In order to do that it would first have to confiscate the earnings, ■ and if it did that no one would save. " Ralph Raokstrnw."—Several authorities recommend I the *' Pirates of Penzance" as the most suitable for j your purpose. " J.C.B." (Rock and Pillar, N.Z.). —A batch of photos j from " A. O. Bnckfand " was acknowledged on Ancrust 2. The specimens named duly came to j baud. " Shire Secretary."—No special qualification is re-, quired in the shire secretary, unless his office is j joined with tost of " engineer," which can only he ] held by a certifiaaled surveyor, Ac. " Quadrant."—The longest steamships which have i entered Port Phillip are the Himalaya and Aus-! tralia, whioh ate each 465ft. Bin. long ; the longest j sailing ships are the Lancing, 356ft., and Liverpool. 333ft. 2in. " Grazier."—The content of your tank is 408 cubic yards. " Water "(Heatbcrton).—1. Eight par cent, on 17a ; Od. for seven months is 9d. and four-fifths of a j penny, 2, Your other question'will be answered j next week, on the assumption that by the phrase "a tank 12 by 14 " you mean a cylindrical tank of 12ft. in diameter sind 14ft, in depth. Wager.—1. (silver can )>e bought In Melbourne, the value of fine silver beingabout 3d. per ounce above the current London quotation lor standard silver. % Mr. Alex. Fraser, inetal broker, North British Chambers, Queen-street. " Alkaline."—The combinations proposed have no place in practical etoeiuistiy. " Sate."—Section 37 of the Police Offences Act4890 is comprehensive enough toinclude the drawing described, fit the art-union has been kept up for some years it is not likely Mutt proceeding* would be taken without giving the promoters a pint that it is Illegal. BigTreea—"Port Moresby "(New Guinea).—All the old reoords regarding the height dT the tallest trees in Victoria are inowata"".; Jrd. Mr. Q. 8. Periln, inspector of foreats,*!i»dly supplies answers as follow fo your queries :—"l. Trees up to 800ft. lu height are falriy numerous at Yea River.Oande nong, Stat? Pbree&JCopeGtwar;, Mount Hew Saw, and other psito of Gtmuland. WhenOommisriooer oflForcstajp Tasmania, I measured* fa lien ihae gum at G reeves too on 'the Hudn River, result 880ft. Thisis ectusllvthe MgheSt tree whioh hw yet oome toidsr toy personal Tobwrvatjjon, cither in Teemanta . or Yictorifc Trees have been reimrtfefl up to 470ft, but theatessuremerrts cannot .be now weridnd,-and it is douhtiul if any tree inVtctoriacan be found by theodolite measurement to exoded the height of the Tnemanian bluegumgiveukbove. The oelebrated free, " Ibe Berpq,"dfrtoK,i«d by Mr, Boyle some 35 years ago and afterwards photographed by Mr. w. j.Cabe,-wasstMedhythwetwomen« being 470ft. high, ahd Baton ; BirfV Von Mueller has made mention of this trceln " Eueriyptographia " as being (he height stated. Some four yeara ogo J organised a aeorobparty, and with Mr. Boyle end Mr, Fuller—then engineei of (he Melbourne Water Supply .department—the tree known «e *' The Baron,r was redisoomd, aud a oerneot Survey jres made by theodolite, with the result fo« Uie trae. height wet found to he only 81JW* The photographs Of (his tod ^several ottaw trees were* token after* tiseodbliteourvey Judbeen effected. 'Tlw highest tree diwvetodtoi tills occasion was on the Sassafras Creek, "Dande Heme .state forest, not far trow the Baton: site, height was 868ft. 2. Trees tip to SOit,. girth at Cape Otway beech forest are known, but are not common. 1 Bo not "know of any tree WOft. in girth in. Victoria. A tree, at the Castro, in Tas mania, is recorded upon the surrey maps of the district as 86ft. at Oft. from the ground. Girth measurements are nltrays unsatisfactory, as they generally include buttresses, &c.; Tarwin Talley." — The Savings Bank Commis sioners cannot lend money on improvements on a grazing lease. As a rule they require an -unen cumbered freehold as security. A loan may, how ever, be used to pay "off a debt on a property aireiidy mortgaged, end if one be granted on a' leasehold the rents must be paid up to make the land freehold, the loan being used for that pot* pose. The Death Penalty.—" p.M.MV' writing from Home wood, says that it is incorrect to state that the pre sent is the first occasion in which respite from the death penalty has been nsked on behalf of a female convict on the ground that she is with child. The plea,-ho writes, was urged 30 years ago, with'the same result, -in the case of Mrs. Scott, who was hanged for murdering her liushand at the Devil's River, in the Mansfield district. Two men were hanged along with her for the same crime. Tar, Ooal, or Wood.—"C.C." asks—What is the" relative fuel value for steam purposes of tar, coal, and sound wood? Professor Kernot obliges with this reply :—** I cannot quote any experiments of my Divn on the subject, but from inquiries 1 have made ■ 1 believe that about 2} tons of good throughly dry firewood will be equal to a ton of avetege New-* castle -ooal. About nine-tenths of a ton of tar would probably - be about equal to a ton of coal." '• Argument."—Your questions will be answered next week. " 'O.C.'' (North Carlton).—The character taken by the late Charles Harding on the first Australian produc tion "of " Pinafore " was that of Captain Corcoran (baritone), not the tenor part (Ralph RnckBtraw).1 He took to singing tenor uiusic later in his career. 