RESPONSIBILITY. (By Mrs. Lynn Linton, in St. James's Gazette.) A Life is too complex for an epigrammatic a definition, and no age can be characterised by a single quality. Else, were it possible to do this, we should say that the present time is emphatically one when the law of reprisals has been swept off the living statute-book, and Ao sense of responsibility has ceased to exist. Under a dozen different names, but always meaning the same thing, the grand endeavour of the men and women of to-day is to relieve others of their respon- l sibilities and to shuffle out of their own. Whenever an engagement turns out a loss or a disappointment, so far from that fine old type of him " that sweareth to his own hurt and changeth not," the modern pro- tagonist in the drama of responsibility I endeavours to escape from the consequences of his own action. Has he taken a farm on the bases of hope, ignorance, and that land ยก hunger which desires only and does not calculate ? Instead of improving his methods and cutting down his personal expenditure to honourably meet his obligations to his landlord he clamours for a reduction of rent, or maybe the reconstruction of the lease, if not it's total withdrawal. lies he married in haste and repented at leisure, trusting all to a pretty face and nothing to knowledge ? Rather than wear his pinch ing shoe with that stoical courage which at last wears it easy, he deserts his wife, or supplements her, or falls foul of the' marriage tie and the inflexibility of that close joining by God which he thinks a man's caprice should wander at will. Does he buy a house without due consideration of soil and aspect or intelligent inspection of the drains? Far from accepting the consequences of his own precipitancy, he does his best to wriggle out of the bargain and throw the burden of loss on the shoulders of the proprietor. Caveat camphor is a warning writ in a foreign tongue, and with foreign tongues he has no acquaintance when they tell against himself. It is " Heads I win, tails you lose in all his transactions with Fortune and his fellow-men, and he does not intend to change the legend for those musty old saws about baking as we brew and reaping as we sow. The same spirit goes through the whole of modern life, and the strength of the day is given to the weakening of that sense of responsibility which makes the grand difference between men and children. Indeed, what is moral education and punishment for fault but the inculcation of responsibility the teaching of the inexorable Law of Consequences ? From the first " spat" on the straying hand of the sugar-stealing child to the hangman's rope for murder, the chief lesson set us to learn is the responsibility that attaches to action and the certainty of Nemesis overtaking the evil- dear. We have it in all ways-from the ruined health of the profligate to the ruined fortunes of the spendthrift from the un- popularity of the hard and unjust task-master to the contempt showered on the coward who cannot defend his own rights -from the influence of our example to the direction taken according to our counsel. And we have it in the loss that we must put up with when we have thrown at a venture and stand with the deuce. But we moderns do what we can to get out of the pit we have wilfully dug for our own feet, even though we drag the innocent into the hole and when we are soft-hearted we do the same by others and try to rid them of the heavy weight of their responsibilities. The modern drama, about which so much discussion has been of late, is full of this spirit in essentials, if to appease the sense of poetic justice, which else would be too severely outraged at the end, a kind of pathetic Nemesis is manufactured out of sunset-clouds, fireworks, and patchouli. The woman with a past, no matter how bad, has to be whitewashed by sympathy and set on high as a thing to be pitied certainly, and perhaps admired. Her one or two little starveling virtues are to outweigh all her robust vices; and she is not required to be really penitent for that past or grateful to her resistor. If she can show that she is bored, to herself and her audience, she is justified in any outbreak that may come. And she is to be held no more responsible for her culminating acts of ingratitude and egoism than she was for her former revelling in impurity and wallowing in mud. Wherever | we turn we are treated to the unedifying spectacle of that special class of woman of whom the Second Mrs. Tanqueray is the poisonous flower and the poor midnight street- walkers are the corrupted roots. The world rings with their names, and everywhere we see the same endeavour to relieve them of their responsibilities-to I destroy in them the sense of the inexorability of the Law of Consequences. We have Bible names flung in our Jacos by indignant philanthropists with whom pity for the sinner has swallowed up horror for the sin and Mary Magdalene is brought out as a screen behind which current com- passion takes refuge. But no one gives a thought to the responsibility he himself incurs by all this destructive chatter, when the Glory of-the Fallen in duces the poor, and as yet virtuous, girl to join the ranks of these much-celebrated and shining Burners rather than remain as she is hard-worked and shivering up in her garret, uncomraisoratod, unhelped, with scanty paper and altogether denied circenses. No one remembers this class, the sorely tempted and wavering, who at I have come to think it not such bad business after all to have a good time now and be sure of sympathetic help hereafter ; who think, indeed, according to the logic of the muddle-headed, that a state which attracts so much attention cannot be so far amiss, and that notoriety is the same thing as repute. In like manner, if we ourselves sin, we are comforted by the doctrine of heredity, and the blame rests on those Ghosts, our | forefathers, whose tendencies we inherit and of whose foregone evil we are but the passive recipients and irresponsible execu- tants. Our vices run in our blood, we say and as we did not ourselves supply our own parentage, nor determine the source or quality of our vitality, we are free from blame and to be pitied, not condemned, when we act after the inherited law of our being, and prove in our own persons the doctrine of atavism and the force of heredity. Scientifically true, this is one of' those doctrines which are practically false false and dangerous as well. No man can ride oil on that plea, and no wiser no sane, no conscientious man desires to do so. The strong 'soul accepts its own responsibility and disdains these cowardly subterfuges. J If temperament, be stronger than will and temptations wipe out conscience, as a dump spongopassodovoraslato, brave men acknowledge the fact, and neither excuse, themselves nor transfer the blame. It is so. Evil it may be, and sorrow and shame ; but they stand erect under the weight of their sin- and are ready to pay the forfeit. They confess their responsibility and meet the consequences of their own actions . like men. They neither whine for mercy nor try to lessen, by halving, the binnie. Blinded by passion, and had for the time being as they might have been still they did that thing for which they are here now, and they-and they alone are responsible. If we want true pathos we find it here in those upstanding and unwinding defaulters, who accept in cold blood the punishment for the evil done in hot, and ask no woman's pity and no man's pleading against the deserved results of their own actions. There is another phase of human life where man and woman- try to throw off their responsibility and ( affix it anywhere but on themselves. This is when they marry young and for love, with nothing a year to live on, and then bring into the world children for whom they cannot find food or clothing. Then they comfort themselves with the pious belief that "God will provide." Also they say, " It is the Lord's will." This being so, of nice they are freed from all blame, and no responsibility attaches to them when they people the world with papers, for whom others have to find the necessaries of life. Ever that consoling belief is as the daily text pinned at the head of the cradle, and that promise of divine provision 'made good, in default of parental, perhaps foresight, perhaps industry. Kind Hearts and liberal hands help to make that promise a valid fact. To relieve the parents of their natural responsibilities in the care of, maintenance, and education of their children ranks among the foremost endeavours of the modern philanthropist. To relieve men, indeed, of their responsibilities all through, whether of honourable fulfilment of an engagement become difficult of disagreeable, or of the punishable consequences of action, seems to those Players at Providence a godly thing to do. We cannot agree with them. To our way of thinking it is better to Stiffen our shoulders to bear the yoke we have voluntarily placed on them than to slink off the ground safe and despicable. So with our misdeeds., " Sorrow trackers wrong," and to eat sour grapes sets our own teeth on edge as well as our children's. We need not confess our sins at every street corner and ask all men to boat the branding irons for our punishment. But if we are caught red-handed, at least let us be as brave under punishment and as resolute to accept our responsibility for what we have done as we were eager to work our will, with or without foreseeing results. 