THEIR DIFFERENT WAYS. Various Methods of Warding Off the Love lorn Touth. "I needn't explain-need If" with aware of the hand, said the fair haired girl with the'pince nez, who had brought up the sub ject. "We all know what 'managing' men means in this connection." "Oh, yes," chorused the rest of the group of society girls who were having a comfort able talk in thebedroom of one of the num ber before dispersing for the afternoon siesta. In that chorus but one voice was unrepresented-that of an ignoramus who hadn't even the excuse of being young. She confessed with some hesitation that she didn't just know the meaning of "manag ing" as they used it. "It's when a man wants to squeeze your hand," kindly explained one of them. "Or kiss you," added another. "Or put his arm around you," volun teered a third, with a strong accent of dis approval. "They have to be managed then. you know, and if possible without hurting their feelings. You don't want a man to think you a prig, but of course you can't per~mit such things, and it takes a good deal of finessing." . "How do you do it, Tessie?" asked the faie haired girl. "You needn't say you've never had occasion, for didn't I see you and" "That's enough," hastily interrupted the one .a4dressed as Tessie. "I don't know what I do; it depends on the man. Some of themi will take a very slight hint, such as withdrawing the hand, or moving a foot or two away; with others, again, I've had to threaten to scream. That always fetches them quickly enough." "Daisy McCdllough.-Daisy Smith that was-oncd gave me a wrinkle," commenced p~other girl "She said that when a man took her hand inhis" "I don't believe Daisy Smith ever inter fered-in such a case," interrupted the fair haired girl decidedly. ! "Now, that's ashame,"began several de fenders, but the fair one with the golden lojks peremrptorily hushed them up and told them to let Daisy'afriend continue her ell," the interrupted narrator went on, "she said that whenever a man took her hand she promptly asked him if he didn't want the other one too. 'That kocks all the sentiment flat as apancake,' ihe said. 'They can be spoony about one hand, but when you offer them both in that b-sinesslike way they will .simply drop the one they hold and look foolish.' It's funny, too, but she was right. I've often tried the plan and never found it to fail." 'lI always say, 'If you're quite done with my bhand, I should like it back again,'" contributed Tessie. "I tried that once," said a very young demoiselle, with a slightly pensive air, "and he told me it wasn't my hand; it was my mother's until I came of age. Whereupon s eaid as demurel as I could, 'Well, Charlie, Ifeel quite certain my mother doesn'twant her hand where it is now,' and he laughed, said, 'By Jove, that's so!' and-dropped it." . "It doesn't do to be too witty," said T*es si wickedly. "Hands aren't so much," drawled a hand some southern girl. "It's when .they try to kiss you that I want to suggest an ad journment. What's your little scheme, Flora? You always seem to keep their friendship in spite of the snub." : Flora was an innocent eyedyoung person who looked as if "managing" the sterner Sex were with her an inborn art. "Oh, Ili it," the ghost of a smile hovering Tround her pretty mouth. "As soon as they make an attempt I dra.} back, look reproachful -tears in the eyes, you know, and all that sort of thing-and ask them plaintively if they haven't the slightest respect for mue. They of course earnestly assure me of their profound esteem, and somehow we slide off on other topics, and the whole thing blows over." . Then the question went round the circle, "What do you do when a man tries to kiss you?" Each gave her "sure cure," except a girl who lounged in a sleepy hollow chair off in a corner. Red was her hair, red her Cupid's bow of a mouth, and "coquette" Twas written all over her. She glanced around, then said tranquilly, half under iber breath: . "Don't do anything."-Chicago Tribune. 