PiOPLE SAY T&ey; waited in tho frosty air Frora eight till half-past tea ; A isotloy croivd was there Of msitls aud youths and incn. Some vjero -who prayeu.and somedio swear. That sach things could not be. For, gape and loot and peer and stare. The " ghost" they could not see. That the member for Armidale is now known as Battleaxe Copelaud. That the gag, as used in prisons, is to go. The closure, as used in I'ar'ia- | meufc, fortauntely, remains. That tho Legislative Council is agreed upon ono thing. It is "agiu " Keid. That Parkes's friend, Foran, is now leading tho Christian Socialists. This is a kind of Humbug League. That the closure was moved by a solidarity M.P. All things have their tisas. That tho Abbey Green road ghost is a white cow. Tho question is or' what tuuo did the old cow die. That the Sunday Times objects to temperance being taught in the public schools. JSTaturally. That Pulsford is writing to tbo papers again. Another misery added to life. That Parkes things politics are the sabliaiest of all studies. That is more thau politicians like Parkes aro. That tho Inverell paper prefers depression to drink. And it is very depressing. That Kose, M.P., is withered. The Assembly by *59 to 19 refused to listen to him. That the wholesale price of mi'k has beeu raised in Melbourne. Water is very scarce there. That a conference of bankers has begun in Sydney. It should be fol lowed by one of pawn-brokers. That South Australian guards of honour have to be furnished by tho police. This is going from handcuffs to aristocracy. That The O'Sullivan, M.P., thinks Fegan, M.P., ia only a cipher. Fegan can reply that The O'Sullivan is only a hyphen uniting Parkes and Dibbs. That they want to know who will break up the Rax Tirilannica. " I will," says Copeland, " with my little battle axe." That the Minister of Works will only meet Griffiths, M.P., in the presence of a shorthand writer. Yet Griffiths is an honorable member. That The O'Sullivan, M.P., having promised to talk until hell froze over, is now, :is Storey, M.P., puts it, "on the ice." That the Sultan of Johoro is dead. The Armidale Express will go into mourning, and represent Australia's j griei on tho occasion. ] That thay aro paring down the old ! street wood blocks in Sydney. The-y might extend the operation to a number of political swelled heads. That shearing rates in the Argentine are Gs Cd per 100. There are worse places than Australia for tho working mau; and none- better for hia leaders. That Kose, M.P, called Fegan, M.P., "a baboon."' Fegan should reply that ho would not insult a gorilla by likening it to Ko.w. ThatTheO'Sullivaiiquotes Bismarck in favour of protection. Bismarck will vow feel that his lifa has not been quite wasted. That tho Seahaiu colliery is to bo shut down for an indefinite period. That is what should be done to the Parliamentary obstructionists. That Kose, M.P., is studying, law. If lie would only study brevity at the same time, the country would be benefitted. That Captain Close is going to bring an action for libel against another oiiicer. Tho di.ys of pistols and coffee have departed. That trees aro now felled by eiectricity. Then electricity cau do that for which the average M.P. is not oven lit. That there may have been better, but thero were certainly plenty worse members than cx-M.P- Varney Parkes. That an intoxicating mushroom has beeu discovered in Maitland. "We always knew the politics of that place could bo accounted for. That the Kepublie of Formosa is distasteful to tho people. For the matter of that, so is tho republic of Tho O'Sullivan. That tho London Time.-t thinks Parkes is addicted to personalities. The Tines will next think that Queen Anne 13 dead. That Sieath and Griffith, Ms.P., have been unpacking their minds io the electors of Lambtou. Dirty politicai lineu was what was mostly unpacked. That there has been a meeting of Chinese Freemasons iv Sydney. There was no cruelty, because the lire irons were ail found "to ba bright next morning. That* tho mysterious light seen in Fawcett's paddock was some inquisitivo individual striking matches to read Grainger and Falkiner's advertising board erected in that paddock. That aldermen throughout the colony can now legally supply them selves with gas. Let us hope tlioy ?will be sparing of that which makes speeches. That the Muswellbrook Regixtcr thinks the Chronicle is only remark able for its " mendacity and offal of abuse." Surely Potts and Slurk are editing the Muswellbrook papers. That the Evening JSTcics asks its readers: " What do we drink?" "Well, judging from the contents of the paper, we should say, " an awful mixture." That she Muswellbrook papers are ?quarrelling about tho weight of a bullock. So long as the row is not about the contents of a bottle,, by standers are safe. That a bill to regulate the width of tyres is to be introduced in the Assembly. A bill to regulate the' width of'members' mouths and keep them fi"om tiring ua ta much more xseEtletL 