German Lutheran Mis sion Services. BAPTISMAL CEREMONIES. On Sunday morning last special mission ser vices wore hold in tho Gorman Luthoran Clrarch, at Wilhelmahohe, Gowrio Road. Tho services wero rendered all tbo more interesting by tho fact tliat Pastor Claussen, of tho Northern Luthoran Minion, was going to baptise two aboriginal girls from tho mission. Somo fow months ago Pastor Claussen suffered severe ill- neon in tlio North, and obtained luavoof nbsmice, , ami siucu then ho has resided ou tho Uowrio Road, tho girls attending tho Wilsontou sohool. As tlio two girls to bo baptised wero tho first (mite of tho missionaries labors they docided to buhl special mission servicos to comuiomoruto tho ovont. Tho followiug took part in tbo ser vices t — Pastor Sallmann (Watorford), Chuirinan of the Ministers' Conforonco; Pastor Ucckor i8outh'Urisbano), Pastor Primzlor (Toviotvillo), .'ustor iloltmann (Ipswich), Pastor Poblics (Pittsworth), Pastor llurghardt (Uiglifiolds), Pastor Uouur (Wilhcmsbobo), and Pastor Claus sen, of tho Mission Services. Thu churoh was most bountifully decorated with llowors and over- greens, tho work of tho ladies of tho church. Tho nttundnnco was vory largo indood, und had it not beou for tho wet woatlior that prevailed, keening a number of outside pooplo from at- tending, thoro would havo been groat dKUoulty iu providing coats for all, Tho Trustees, com prising Messrs. P. Mutzo, Schuttz, 11. Honricks, and C. Miller, and tho Churchwardona, Messrs. II. Englart, Trosfc, G. RoithmuUur, J. Uoincr, and Siogmund, worn, howovor vory attentive, and saw that all woro provided with every ac commodation, At 10 o'clock, tho hour fixed for tho services to coinmcnco, tlio church was crowded by wor- shippers from Highficlds, MiddloRtdgo, nnd tho surrounding dlatriots, as well ns a number of visitors outsido the congregation, including tbo members for tbo town and district, Messrs. J. Fogsrty, M.L.A., W. II. Groom, M.L.A., aud W. Thorn, 51. L, A. Tho Aral part of tho Borvfcos woro conducted by Pastor ltouor. Proceeding commoncMl by tho choir singing thu2S7Ui hymn, "Goiang Bucb," aud concluding with singing hymn 2U-I, Pastor 8ulhnaan, from Watorford, aud Super intendent ot tho Synod, delivered a lurmon of causidorablo length on tho words takuit from Mark, Chanter VlL.nnd vorso31-37: " Ho hath dono all tuiugs well." Tho prenclior showed that ono might think at first that it is not so, bccnuso ono mcuts with so many mon and things In tho world that seem to ho ongluntod from tho hands of Iho dovil, and not from God's wisdom. Ho proved it by tho deaf und dumb man of tho text, who was compared to tho hoatbous. Nevertheless, tho first couplo of men in tho gardun of Edon were mndo by God without any fault or sin, as it was said iu tho Bibto: " IIo saw ovcrytldng that was umdo, and it was very good!" But whoro did. this present power of uiti cotno from? From tho sin? Sin was in troduced into tlio world by tlio opponout'ot God — the dovil— who trios to dostroy and ruin what God lias mndo. llowovcr, God has continued to produco only good things, and thla can easily bo seen by tho oxamplo of Christ, who removes Iho ovil from tlio saffarors. For it is ovident that God has mado uvorytliing good, as can bu soon from tlio blind, and doaf man's oaso, and from tho punplo who woro present at tho mlraolo. Likowiso it can bo proved by tlui convortcd heathens. Only ono oxamplo shall bo called upon— immuly, tho two dark girts boforo thum that dsy. At tho coiiolusinn of his ulomiont address tlio proaohar appualud to tho uudionco to tako euro ot tho two girts, also in foturo tlmt tlioy should load tho way Godward in ordar that thoy, and wo, may confess at tho last hour nf Ufa t "Verily, llo hath dono everything wolll" At this stago of tho sorvioo tho two candidates for baptism ontorod tho ehurch dressed in wldta coul.iiinoa with floral snravs on Uioir heads attached witli whito ribbons, thoy wero mot by Panlor ClausRun, who nddrossod tho girls on tlio important slop' thoy wero taking, moving from thn' Kingdom of Dnrkuoas and onlurlng into tlui Kingdom of Light. It should bo thoir earnest endeavor to bu good and true, thun tlioy would bo rcspcotod, if tlioy did not boRovo In ull Pant was good aud true, then tho world would /loBptao thorn. Ho hopod thoy woro coming 'forward witli tlio ono doBira to loavo tlio Dark- noes aud bocotno God's children. Thoro were many tomplntioiia boforo thum in Ibis world, but so long as tlioy boUovcd in tho Lord Jesus Christ und followed his teaching, they would havo nothing to fuur. llo thun aBkou was it thoir dosirn to become God's children, and ns God's ohildron remain ull their life timo? To this both tho girls replied " Yes." Tito young girls agod ataut iiftoon and thirteen, stepped boforo tlio ultar when tlio Pastor and tho girls sang tho hymn "Tho strifo is o'er, tho battlo , 1 won," aftor wldeh tho children wore put through . a vary sovaro scriptural examination. They k answered avury question put to them by Uioir , Pastor without onco making a mislako, a faot tliat npnaks volumes for Pastor Llaussun, who so 'kindly and abi> taught theso two lUUo daughters of tho wildornosR. Aftur tlioir ox- umiuiUiou wuh ovor, Pastor ClaURHou addroBfliug tho eongrogation, said that now thoy Imd heard what thu ohildron know about God's holy work, thoro was nothing in tho way to prevent tlioir boing bsptiaod. Ho unxt administered accord ing to tlm ritos of tlio Gorman Luthoran Church tho sacramont of UaptLm tho oldor girl taking tlio nainu of " Mnriu," und tho youugor ohosing "Magdalino." Tho euiuinony oonoludod with tho boutMliolioii, and the luyiug 011 of hands of all the Pastors UBBomblud uftor whioh thu choir sang tho miftirioiiary hymn " 5Inuht dcekt so wort das Laud " (Bark hush covers thu laud). All this portion of tho service was conducted in English. Pastor Becker, of South Brisbane, and Vice- President of tbo Synod, took tbo text' for his Hurmon from Isiab, chapter xlli, vorso 1. This Bormon war dolivured iminediatoly aftor tho ceremony of tho baptism. Tim rev. gunllo- man said that when a boll had boon rung tlio souud of it remains in the oar for somu timo. In a Rko manner tbo impression of tho holy IHtrformaiico which had taken placo just boforo resounds not only in our oars but nlso in tho honrts of nil who nro prouunt, hecauHU it was un ovont of ipilto a singular nature. Tho first two children of tlio northern Lutheran Mission sta tion wore received into thu circle of tho bo- Rovers of Christ. Who would not bo moved to day? Look at tbo two girls wlio bud boon ex posed to Uvo and to die as Guntiloe, who wero rowing on tlm wavob of lifn without u stoorman. Now thoy havo found a Master for their yussul, and tills Master is tho samo who says in tlm toxt, " Boliold my servant, whom 1 uphold 1 " Look at tlm toacher under whoso supervision they hud boon led to tho baptism und who wus nick and wouk hirmolf, but tho Lord says, "Behold iny Forvnnt whom I uphold I " Look ut tlio whole ussumbly tliat camu from near und far to witnosB this holy act, und to givo honor to liim whose throna is ubovo tho clouds, und is satisfied by.ltsxeul. Don't you boliovo that ho lays, "Behold my servant whom I uphold." Indeed ovury ono of us is filled with real enthu siasm to-day. But ns thu mission work is u work to the honor nf tho King of heaven our oyes must bo naturally turned up to His tlirono, as wo are convinced that " bis spirit bus been put upon us." Now, if wo wish to glorify tho Lord's name wo must koop on with this earnest work and vnnturo everything to divulge his glory ovor nil tlio corners nt tho world. For in tliisciHu Ho will say nt Jio day of judgment to us " Behold my servant, whom 1, uphold ; mine olcct, in whom my soul delighteth ! " At half-past ono o'clock an adjournment was mado for lunch which was hold under u largo awning specially erected for tho occasion, An excullont lunch was provided for, all tbo bulk of tlio work In connection with tlio luneboon falling on Mr. und 5Irs. II, EngUrt, who are desorviugof overy praise for (lie creditable manner In which everything was prepared, Thoy wore also obly assisted by tbo two Miss Mutzes, two Miss Whitmarks, Miss Kretsuhmur, Miss Folgor, Miss Krinko, and two Miss Tresis, Mrs. John Engiuri, Mrs. Ocstriob, and Mrs. J.' KeUhmullor. 'At two o'clock tlio servicos wore continued. The hymn in tho'Pcrlcnchocra " Wunu Culiubtu von as gohen" (When thu doar ones from us dupnrt) war first sang. Pastor Pronator, from Toviotvillo, took tho subject for bis toxt from Ezokiol, chap, xxxvi, vorso 2L28, Tho feast of Pontccost was the day whun a good many pooplo wero converted to Christ. Since that lima, tlio preacher said, the most conversions amongst hoathens ulways took tdaco nt about tlio days of PunlecnHt, that moans bu effusion of tlio Holy OhoRt. Tho text of tlio preacher wuro quito a text of effusion of God's spirits. Tlm first moaning of tlm toxt refers to tlm spiritual Israel, as Christ will bring all people from all lands into tho ark of His church, in order to clcaso them with pure water from tlicir sins. Wo shall bo purified by holy hup- lisin, which is followed by extraordinary effects upon us, as It cloauses us from all evils and sius, and gives us a lioart of flesh, instend of tliat of stone, und imparts tho Holy Ghost, who' will lead us to thu land of ovsrlustuig lifo, to tho eternal Caiman. Pastor Pobties, from IMttsworth, took for his toxt St. Matthew, clmp. v, vorso 3. Tho heathons aro tlio poorest of all mon, ua thoy pass through tho world in spiritual darknoHS, nnu aro not nblu to sou the light of the sun, which is Christ. But to bring them to thin light, tlio strength of mon Is not sufficient, they, thorefore, need tho word of God, especially one Rko tliat of tho toxt, as Christ speaks of the spiritual poorness. Tide poorness comes from tho behaviour and conduct of hoathniiH, who nro poor in both ways, bodily and spiritually. Tlio real poorness in tho usual sonso is u very bad thing, as tho poor dopond upon tlio morcy and grace of human beings, Spiritual poor mon aro baro olknowledgoofGod, and depend, therefore, from- tho mercy of God. This graon of Heaven is brought to thum by tho missionaries, who inske them good members of society und Christianity, and mako thoin partici pate iu tho hopos of Ilcaran. Pastor Burghardt, from Highficlds, took for his text Psalm 103, verso 1. IIo appealed to the audience to add their praUo to tho glory of tho Almighty, who had done not only a magnificent tiling in creating mankind, but alan in saving their souls. Otliurwlso tho hnathena could not reach iho doors of tho oaradiao. Two girls of tho heathen world aro present to oxhort the bap tised Christians to praiso God and to bless His name, especially for this day, which is really an extraordinary ono for tho girle, the congregation, atsd tho whole of the synod. IXfttor Boner, as paator loci, was tho last preacher o( the day! IBs aermoo was chosen from St. Luko, chap, xiv, vorso 22. Wo aro 6cr- I vantaof God liko that one in tbo toxt, and so . I ought to do like Him, that is to eay, to fulfil tho 1 commands of tho Lord. But this recollection of I our duty tarns to tho remembrance of tbo nog- I lection of tho same. For none of us can really I nay, "Lord, I liavo dono all your commands! " I And ovon if ono could say so, ho had to add, ' 1 "Yot thoro is room!" Howovor, wo lmvo tried to do a Iittlo for God's Kingdom, and for this reason woundortook to Bond missionaries to tho heathons of tho country of our adoption. 1 had tho honor to designato tho first two missionaries to Muri 1 Yamba in 1887, and now wo all aro prosont to witness tbo first success of tho work. Of courso tho work must bo continued. For yot there is rooml Pastor Iloltcrmann took for his toxt. Acts 20, v. 17-18. During tho courso of his address tho ro/. gontloraan said that foreign missionary j work was not muoh dono by tlm Luthoran / Churoh bunauso sho was in difficulties, but at tho proaout it was a well known fact. However such a prominent mattor was not approved by all people. Somo did not undorstanu tbo glo- rious ond of tho work. Othors did not approvo of tlio work bocauso it crcatod too many diffi- L cultios In tlioir own congregation, but It won shown that this was a mistake. Our Christian I pooplo had inany occasions on which to hear thu I word ot God, but not so with tho heathons. 1 Thoy woro in spiritual darknoss, not being ablo by themselves to corno out ot it. Therefore, tho Lord sent his clorgy to open their eyes so that thoy might bo converted. This was not on easy task, but St was possibto. It wns CuriBt j working himsolf among thorn, and so tho power : of darknoss was ovorcoino, as was witnessed by tho festivity of that day, and tho Lord might ) givo them m&uy; suoh glad tidings, and load us / altogether to tho joy of eternal life. T At tho conclusion, Pastor Ilcuer rendered his r hearty thanks to alt who had dono thoir share to mako this day a day ot full joy. , \ Tlio two girls presented tho chnrch with a f hoautiful picture (Jesus on tlio cross) with tho C, inscription ; — " Dedicated to tho church as ro- I. mombrancu of tho day nf our baptism, 5th May, 1895, from Maria and Mngdalona." Tho musical portion of tho sorvlco was all that could bo dosircd, Mr. F. ICretschmar's band I1 ussUtod tho olioir, and tho oxcollout musio given 1 1 was highly appreciated by tbo congregation. y Miss E. Mutzo prusidod at tho organ, and ac- j quitted hcrsolf in an ablo and artistic manner. f Tlio viBiting pastors who took part in Urn J ceremony left for Ipswich on Monday morning to tako part In Iho cqnforonco to ho hold in that town. , 