NOTES AND NOTICES. Renr-Admiral Iii-idge will in a fortnight hence visit Melbourne, Adelaide, Albany, and New Zealpnd in the flagship Orlando. The Earl of Kintore baa presented a double stained glass window to the Chapel of Perpetual Adoration of the Dominican Nuns, at North Adelaide. The subject is the Virgin giving a rosary to St. Dotninie. Miss Grace Iloyt, of Boirnsdale, aged 19, who was a passenger l>y the Congee from about half-past 9 o'clock on Monday, January 14, in - the . Straits. She was sea-sick, -and was leaning over the side. Melbourne for Launctston, was drowned at The vessel suddenly lurched, and Miss Hoyt was precipitated overboard. The vessel was promptly - stopped, bnoys thrown, boats lowered, and a careful search made, but it was unavailing. Miss Hoyt was accompanied by Miss Flannigan, end the two intended enjoying a brief holiday in Tasmania. Mr. Ward, the New Zealand Treasurer, leaves that colony For Hobart on the 29th inst, afterwards proceeding to England, in a semi-official statement to the press on Tuesday it is stated that Mr. Ward goes to England with the unanimous approval ol his colleagues, who have deputed him to attend to matters of an important character affecting the welfare of the colony. While at llobnrt he will attend the meeting of the Australian Premiere to discuss the proposals for intercolonial'reciprocity. He will return to the colony about the middle of May. During his absence his various departments will be administered by his colleagues. It is estimnted that the population of New Zealand at theend of 1894 was CiJC.lOO.against 872,269 twelve months before. Australia has supplied England with a new baritone in the person of Mr. Jack Thompson, son of Mr. Joseph Thompson, the universally known bookmaker. . Jack is reported to have made a hit as Don Juan in "Little Christopher Columbus." Don Juan is a lucky name for the Thompson family. It won a fortune for Joe in the Melbourne Cup. The star (London)'Bays:—" Mr. Joe Thompson's family are truly wonderful as vocalists and pianists, and his principal reason for coming to England a second time was to secure the beet English masters for his eldest daughter, in hopes that she would obtain the Gold Medal at the Itoyal Academy of Musitvwhere she studied for 12 months, but this young lady, Mrs. Ernest Windover, forfeited, the coveted prize, preferring matrimony to con- tinuing her studies. Mrs. Windover possesses one of the finest amateur soprano voices in England, and whenever she sang for any charitable cause her success was instantaneous. It was through Sir Arthur Sullivan's valuable advice that Mr. Jack Thompson studied singing as a profession. By education Mr. Jock Tltompson is a civil engineer, bnt be preferred the stage to either engineering or his father's' profession.' He is 22 years of age." The ILM.S. Crescent, with flOO time service men from theOriahdo and Lizard, left Sydney for London on Monday. Whitehead's Shilling Map of Victoria for 1885 is to hand. It is folded into book size, and accompanied by an index to all the ! daces named upon it. Fart of Riverina ia ncluded. ^ A rare species of rat was seen in Sydney on Jantitiuy 10. Shorty before the meet-, ing of the Cabinet, one, both large and black, vrws discovered on the table til the Ezecntive GoirticUtSiktobfer. Itwuej killed by some of the attendant anbsNnefctty taken "16'thi" It tfa ■ Waited the Murray 6crub and F®i , . PiPes to the rabbits, that scourge -Btood,^ Jialio. The effect was that in that IPiitii 'tested rabbit district they now re f . - -ed no rabbit- proof fencing." ! - /At the invitation of Mr. Fita Gibbon, chair man of the Metropolitan Board, Mr. Best, the Minister of Lands, visited Narbethong and other spots in the reserve surrounding the Maroondah (Watts) water supply on Satur day, to see the effect which the timber splitting traffic is having on the roads and streams. Sir James Patterson was of the party. A bordering of land on tlie outer side of the water parting was resetved to prevent the splitters from coming too near. The harm done is not the felling of the timber, but the hauling of it through Femsbaw to Healesrille. Traffic is set up right across the area whence water is drawn for the supply of Melbourne, and the streams are rendeied liable to pollution above the off-take for the aqueduct. Mr. Best, Jike his predecessor, seems favourable to temporising measures. The traffic is not to be Btopped but minimised by regulations, which no one will enforce. However, before a decision is given the Board of Health is to advise the Govern ment. The Rev. John M'Neill, the Presbyterian evangelist from London, who has toured the Australasian colonies, left by the Himalaya | on Saturday for India. Mr. Burke, who waa I the Sankey to his Moody, went home to Chicago some time ago, via the San Francisco j mail. Alfred Glasson, private in the militia at Ballarat, who was dismissed the service and Bentenced.to three months' imprisonment for misbehaviour, has been let off with 10 days' j detention oat of the 30 that he had actually to undergo after the sentence was put into force. He has been released by order of the I Governor, on the advice of the Executive Council. W. Taylor, of Barney Downs, Tenterfield, died on Jan. 11 from the effect of 13 days' exposure in the bush. When discovered he was in so emaciated a condition that his backbone could be felt by placing the hand on the stomach. Intense heat prevailed throughout the in terior of New South Wales on Monday. At j Bourkc the temperature was 114 in the shade, Coonamble 109, and Muswellbrook 105. The heat in Adelaide on the Friday, the I Srstday of the Anglo-Australian match, waa j I02deg. in the shade and 155deg. in the sun. Brace's batting in the second innings of the . test match, when he made 80, is called the champagne of cricket by the Adelaide papers. They required as flattering a term for the 73 obtained by A. E. Trott. Blackham is said to carry a battered penny with which to win the toss, but Giffen bor- ] rows a shilling, and if it wins keeps the coin, i SayB the Register of Saturday last:—Two of the greatest cricketers in the world were the central figures in a Gmall group of anxious men at the rear of the Adelaide Oval grand stand as the town clock was tolling the noon day hour on January 11. One was Andrew Stoddart, captain of the English Eleven, the other George Giffen, captain of the Australian team. They were to decide by spinning a toin-whether the Englishmen or the Aus tralians Were to bat first. Each had had a look at the wicket, and each hoped to bave the privilege of starting batting on it. At Melbourne Stoddart tossed and Giffen called. It was now Giffen's turn to toss, but he had no .money. "Who'll lend me a coin?" he] cried. " Here you are," replied Richardson, f the Englishman, throwing a shilling. Giffen I spun it into the air, and if the fate of nations had depended npon the way it fell there could j not have been a more eager rush to see whether the head or the tail was uppermost. A glance was sufficient. Stoddart looked I dejected. Giffen elated, as they turned to-j wards their dressing-rooms. " Don't forget toy shilling, George," called out Richardson, [ bat the Australian captain gaily replied, | " Right you are, Tom, I'll keep it; it's a lucky one." " We have frequently pointed out in our commercial columns," writes the South Aus tralian Register, "that trade as well as prestige has been for some time past slipping away from Melbourne, and that Sydney must in future lie regarded as the mercantile metropolis of Australia. If any thing more were required in confirmation of •the accuracy of this view than the evidences provided by the trade returns, it is to be Sound in a plain business-like statement made above the signatures of some of the leading firms of Melbourne. A summary of Sheir views on the decline in the trade of their colony has reached us through the courtesy of a prominent merchant in Ade laide, and there is no necessity to read be tween its lines to see the importance which these Victorian traders attach to the decrease in tbeir intercolonial business. In addition i the distinct advantages given to Sydney by "Victorian tariff-tiukerings in the shape of primage duties and otherwise there has been a growing tendency amongst merchants] of other colonies to look to New South Wales as the commercial entrep6t fiom which to re plenish stocks." But the protectionist party in Victoria, in its wilfulness, is blind to the ^ teachings of experience, and goes on destroy *£ipg trade which asks no assistance, only to gbelet alone, in order to artificially bolster up ' afactures. km* Earl of Kintore, Governor of South iStxalia, took his departure for England by s •Hitoalaya on Wednesday. Chief Justice arbecomes Lieutenant-Governor. r have every necessary of life at Cue, "* ichia 300 miles from the coast, ex . vegetables. dyess for women when touring nicking in the mountains is coming trout with young ladies of a self 'cut tarn of mind. Miss PortiaGeacb, . i»t of the National Gallery, has just |p]|j|pted an extended mountainous riding gir ft} Gippsland, covering some 300 miles, m%%;hich excursion she wore " rational j bnd she speaks in the highest praise rafuutability and safety for the saddle. horrible story of cannibalism among blacks in the Murchison district of Wes lAustralia is reported by telegraph. The '" mas a native boy employed on Messrs. station. They firat impaled and sted hun. The police have arrested pleader, a half-caste named George, imtta the truth of the story, and de i tbfc soene. lihe scientific men of Australia (most re University professors or Govern »rs) who can spare the time for a ; Attending. the sitting of the In . Brisbane, There, are, how " conspicuous absentees, mid % the wrong season to enjoy the tote. Mr. H. C. .Russell, of the vatoiy, deliveredlecture .on jirithe starry heavens-risible in nebula in Orion, the star clusters in the Centaur, the Cross, Argo, &c.; The objects described are mostly tele scopic—t.e., to be appreciated they must be looked at through a powerful glass, and they are all well known to amateur astronomers, i Sabbatarianism has not yet reached Cue,' in the Murchison district. Sunday, says Mr. James Thomson, is pleasantly passed in tennis, cricket, and football, which the law of Western Australia allows to be pur sued on the Sabbath, making np for its leniency in that way by being especially severe with publicans who sell on Sundays, and with Bly grog-sellers. A shocking instance of the encouragement which the new Crimes Act gives to the bring ing of charges which cannot be sustained was afforded at Hawthorn Court on Monday, when Elizabeth M'Dermott, 13, accused her father of indecently assaulting her. The girl was sent some time ago to the Industrial Schools, and then boarded out with her parents. When she complained of the assault her mother took her to the Hospital for ex amination, and no tracesof ill- treatment could be found. The mother said that she was an untruthful girl. The Bench dismissed the charge, and the girl will go back to the Indus trial Schools. This year the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science is Bitting in Brisbane. It began its session last week under the presidency of Mr. Augustus Gregory, C.M.G., who was one of the earliest, explorers. Arriving in Western Australia in | 1829 (when 10 years old) be entered the public service in 1841, and did some exploring in 1848 in the Murchison and Gascoyne dis tricts with his brother Francis. In 1855 he set out on his first search tor Leichhordt, starting from Moreton Bay, and having Baron von Mueller with him as botanist. This expedition traversed Northern Aus tralia. Mr. Gregory set out a second time I in 1858, via the Barcoo. The only trace found was a marked tree in lat, 24deg. 2omin. and Ion. 145deg. Gmin. From 1859 to 1879, Mr. Augustus Gregory was Surveyor-General of Queensland. He was made a C.M.G. a year or two ago for his able services to geo graphical science. Mr. Jamps Thomson, of Cue, Western ■ Australia, has been describing the prospects of the Murchison district to the Sydney Daily Telegraph:—"All the country for hundreds of miles is almost as flat as a billiard-table, though it ascends gradually, so that Cue ana its surrounding districts are at a considerable height. The climate is very fine. In the daytime it is very hot. Frequently the tem perature will be at 110 in the shade for | days together, though the nights are always cool—pleasantly so in summer, painfully so in winter. Prospectors spread out pretty well all over the country. You may go 50 miles without seeing a vestige of civilisation, except a few ] empty jam tins or whisky bottles—whisky is laid in by most travellers because it isn't always safe to drink the water owing to the frequent presence in it of deleterious mineral qualities. Of the 4,000 or 5,000 people spread over the Murchison, fully 70 percent, are from the eastern colonies, mostly miners from Charters Towers, Broken Hill, Victoria, and South Australia. The West Australians themselves don't go in for mining much, but indulge in farming and tbe like unadven tnrons pursuits near the sea coast, but they are living down their original prejudice against ' 'tothersiders.' Ex cept that both are pprtions"~Sf"West Aus tralia, however, the Murchison .and'Gpo! gardie have not idebtfcal interests. The two places are Bepqrated by a great stretch of Bterile desert, destitute oPwater or food for man or beast. Some intrepid explorers have performed the journey across it—one pfthem who arrived almost starving at Moun t Magnet the other day had beeh five months doing the 400 miles from Southern Cross,' and un derwent frightful privations. Mr. Wray, a highly-educated Mexican, who is admitted to be one of the best explorers and prospectors that have visited West Australia, did the same journey lately." Mr. J. H. Whiteford, of Auckland, who has gone to England from America to push a series of schemes New Zealand speculators have in view, had the luck to get interviewed in New York by the Herald. He pitched it strong about Australasian trade. Mr. White ford on many questions is a visionary, and he talked this nonsense about taxation :—" Tbe graduated land tax is a great success in New Zealand. It is the single tax on land values in its practical operation, and works to a charm. We would not go back to the old plan of taxation for anything. It has made business boom with us, and immigration is pouring in at the rate of 500 to 1,000 a week, I not merely from Australia and Europe, but j even from the United States." Tbe will of Sir Alfred Stephen was proved in Sydney last week for £15,630. He left the j whole of his estate to his four daughters, Sarah Consett, Alice Mary, Agnes Victoria, I and Mary Anne. The carrying out of the will is entrusted to his four sons, Matthew j Henry, Cecil Bradford, Edward Milner, and i Septimus Ward. All his furniture, books, plate, pictures, prints, wines, consumable | stores, illuminated addresses, kc., presenta tion gifts, articles of verlu, ornaments, jewels, china, and household effects he be queathed to Sarah Consett and Alice Mary absolutely, except as to auch articles as he might specifically give to different members of his family. The rest of the estate,with some special exceptions, is to be divided into four equal shares. The eldest two sisters are given the control of the money coming to' them; for the others tbe trastees are to act In tbe obituary list occurs the nsme of Mr. Robert Kennedy, late of Wonnamintal Station, Wilcannia. He was a native of] New South Wales and had nearly reached 70. With his brothers and relations (Brodribb, 1 Disailiy, and Brougham) he was a pioneer on I the Lacblan and Darling, and a squatter of j the old rigime. The Earl of E in tore in his parting address to the people of South Austral is, spoken at the Adelaide Town-hBll on Monday, said much about the great resources of the colony and the work the inhabitants had done. He discussed the had times and the hopes of im provement. The prosperity of the country was less to be measured by the absolute amount of her capital or the number of her people than by the capacity it possesses of employing capital and labour with advantage in the production of the necessaries of life and of articles for export. "Do pot imagine," he said, "asBome.do, that taxation of itself can aid the country's well-being, for it is far more likely to drive its capital and industry abroad. Just now there is an inclination of the people to lean—in my judgment, to lean too much—on Parliamentary action for the abatement or removal of the prevailing depression. Wise legislation can admittedly often promote the welfare of the people, and to some extent assist i heir industries by removing restraints on trade and otherwise; but I do not see how in our present case the Legislature here can afford ns much relief. We have been beaten by indifferent seasons and by the low and falling prices ofourproducts. The deficiencies of nature we must try to overcome by our own thriftiness and sagacity, and we must press for the establishment of con ditions under wbich industries suitable to the conditions of climate to which we are sub ject in this country will prosper," An anchor which had been 20 years in the salt water was picked np in the domain of the Adelaide Marine Board last week. Says the Register:—"After its long immersion the iron was so far oxidised that it whs of small value. The stock had been broken, but the lover of natural history had a raie field for investigation, marine fanna having clus tered vety thickly about the anchor. Beautiful seaweeds were numerous, the pavonia being prominent. The tunicaria appeared in all sorts of forms, while of molluscs the oyster was in force, as also the Avicula malleus, commonly known as the lambs tongue. The sponges were of many interest ing kinds, mei^ing from the colour of lavender to a kind of orange, and when cut open were found to contain the breeding places of* the prawn. There were also annilids of several kinds, and a specimen of echinidte of the sort which has the spines of steel-blue colour. In shells the Haliotis tubercnlata was secured, showingmost vividly the colours peculiar to this creature. There were chitons of interesting forms and brittle stars of unique character. One or two crabs of questionable form were to band, bur the whole catch on. the old anchor would be in valuable to the curator of the Museum were he on the spot to take immediate note of the marine fanna so obtained." A girl of 16, living at Claraville, South Australia, fell asleep on Friday, December 28, after an attack of influenza, and did not wake properly for six days. She could not be aroused by any ordinary methods, and re course had to be had to cold water and other meanB. Sunday and Monday found no change, and when the new year was ushered in she was quite oblivious of it. Her mother and relatives were much concerned, and it was not till Wednesday, the sixth day, that their anxiety was removed. During that day the sleeper awoke, and, except that Bhe was somewhat weak, appeared to be all right. Violent measures had been taken once each day to wake her—shaking had no effect whatever—and daring the periods of wake fulness she took medicine and a little food. At these times she kept awake for about ten minutea and spoke a little; but if the person at her bedside allowed the conversation to stop Bhe would go off in a twinkling, and then the usnal meanB—a jug of cold water— wonld have to be used to arouse her. She now feels no ill effects. Her name is Ada Fartch, and she is daughter of Mrs. Fartch, of Claraville. The prices given for some rare postage stamps at a sale in London in December may interest Australian philatelists Oldenburg, l-3gr. black on green, £5 5s.; Saxony, 3 pfennige, £4 10s.; France, 1st issue, 20c. blue (error of colour), £7 ; France, If. vermilion, £5 15s.; Austria, 1850 3kr. rouletted, £5; Zurich, 4 rappen black, £16 15s.; British Guiana, lc. black on magenta, £4; British Gniana, 1862, provisional 4c, blue, £9; St. Vincent, provisional Id. red and green (a pair), £5 15s.; Canada, 6d. dark gray per forated, £7 ; New Brunswick, the " Connell," £20; Novia Scotia, 19/- violet, £11; Grove Hill (Confederate States), 5c. black, £50; New South Wales, Sydney view, 2d. blue (error), £S 10s.; South Australia, 101. water mark Crown and S.A., £16 16s.; Victoria (beaded oval), 6d. orange, £6; Western Aus tralia, 1st issue 2d. brown on red, £7 10s. The detectives go on clearing up tobacco mysteries. They now claim to have found out all about the big robbery from La trobe Bond in 1893. It was carried out by Millidze (since hanged nnder another name in Sydney), Smithie (who alaconded soon after), and others. Some time ago a criminal not connected with the robbery told the police all he knew, and it was corroborated at all points by the story of a girl, a sister of one of the men chiefly concerned. The narrative was remarkable. One day the girl was look ing through some boxes at the house of her brother when she fonnd a quantity of house breaking tools—jfemmies, fijes, two revolvers, and two dark lanterns. She took some of them and showed them to a male friend, and he told her to put them back, and never mention anything about them. In that house tobacco was stored by the hundredweight, and as many as 79 boxes of it were counted at one time. It came in a lorry, and went in small brown-paper parcels such as grocers make up. Another woman corroborated the statements of the girl. She saw tobacco re ceived about the time of the Latrobe Bond robbery, and ehe knew that " Buck" MUiidge, or " Mr, Charles Brown," as she styled him, was ft frequent visitor at the house. The men dressed Well, the women shopped extra vagantly, and the children were clothed in silk when they played in the streets. She would have given the information at her command long before.only she had been ex pressly told that she was to bold her tongue or her life would pay forfeit. Until now the detectives have not obtained sufficiently definite information to make arrests. They have now arrested Mrs. Angus, of Separa tion-street, sister of Alfred Marks, one of the men accused of the robbery from Berry's atore, while another charge is added to the long list against Marks. It is alleged that Mrs. Angus received .the Latrobe Bond to; bacco when living in Varian-street, Abbots ford. Larrikinism in North Melbourne on Saturday night A street fight with spectators'looking on; two police arrive, end as the combatants will not stop fighting, an arrest attemptedmbb interference, and resistance by the combatants. Two orderly citizens help the.police. Three young men] are arrested ; threats of violence by the mob, free use of batons; by the police. At the watchhonae, the prisoners try -to escape but are baffled.. They give; false napes, but are entered on the records jurJobn, George, and James Cree. .At the City Court on Monday, James Cree got threp' months, and George two monthB and seven days, While "John was fined £4,- or- three weeks' imprisbnment Tbey were principally punished for assault, ing the police. ^ _ * Professor. Barker, who Jias been showing np the "spook?/' had an encounter with Mrs. Mellon afcCoogee op Saturday. The Mellon party denjamJedjthathe should enter the birdcage which they sAidhsd been used lock Mrs. Mellon np wbenbir William Win deyer acted as referee, and he refused. The' refusal was natural. Mr. Barker professes to produce spirits by trickery, and there is j no guarantee that the apparatus Mrs. Mellon wishes to surround him with is the same as she was herself locked up in. Mr. Barker proposes that Mrs. Mellon should bereelf J undergo a test in it under his supervision. Meantime the friends of the found-out lady , claim to have achieved a coup. None of these so-called tests are to be compared with the one which bowled out Mrs. Williams in Paris and Mrs. Mellon in Sydney—catching hold of the spirit and the spirit clothing. Mr. Hos kings offers, for a wager of £500, to go into Mrs. Mellon's cabinet if she will go into his, the winner to be the one who produces the best ghost effects, if any, and the money for feited to go to the charities. The experience of those who have travelled through the Clatha district in Otago, where prohibition was carried at the licensing elections, is such as to lead to the conclusion that prohibition is a complete farce. Though not open to the street, almost anyone who desires it can obtain liquor by entering the bars of the hotels which lost their licenses. A policeman in plain clothes or an ordinary detective might have some difficulty in ob taining intoxicants, but the ordinary traveller can secure a Bupply under various names. In some cases the door of the bar is closed during the sale, or it may be necessary to go into a private room, but in most cases there is scarcely any attempt at concealment. The prohibitionists are somewhat- disconcerted, but urge that it only confirms their views that nothing short of national prohibition will meet the evil. At Newcastle on Saturday, the complete ballot on the proposal to strike yielded 1874 tor and 1216 against—less than a two-thirds majority—therefore it is declared there can be no Btrike. The Hetton miners have come to terms with the proprietors. They gave up nearly everything they had demanded, and were glad to be taken back. Two specimens of spurious sovereigns were detected at the Union Bank on January 17, when the gold in the till came to be weighed. One was the ordinary gilded shilling, which is the common device of the swindler. The eecoud was no ordinary coin. It was of genuine gold and perfect workmanship, but a shade smaller and a fourth lighter than a sterling sovereign. As a tender, of course, it was valueless, but the gold in it would make it worth about 158\. Both sovereigns were received at the Collingwood branch of the bank, and as the officials at the head office feared that probably the light sovereign was the representative of many more in circulation, the detectives were hastily communicated with. The coin bears the Jubilee head and the date of 1892, and it may be easily detected by its lightness, or, even more readily, by placing it on a genuine sovereign. When this is done the slight difference in circnmference will be noticeable. Slow starvation on a lightship has been the I fate of a crew in Torres Straits. Early this | month the steamer Albatross left 'Thursday | Island with provisions for the Proudioo lightship, but was compelled to return with out reaching the vessel. During the middle of January 16 the mate and a seaman from the lightship arrived in an open whaleboat 22ft long. They report that the lightship has been without provisions for 10 days, and that the master of the ship was nearly dead with dysentery. Affairs were so serious on board that it was decided'that two of the four men on board should risk reach ing here for succour. At the period when , the Albatross was unable to reach them the I men sailed with a fair wind without mis- j bap. A desperate affray is reported between the Malay and Manila 6ailors employed on the pearling iJeet. When landed at Cossack, W. A., a quarrel took place, and the men fought like wild beasts. The efforts of the police were un availing till they called on some of the resi dents of Cossack to assist in quelling the | disturbance. Nine arrests were made. Mr. Eddy will leave New South Wales in March or April next, when the Government will appoint a deputy commissioner, who will act until the date of the expiry of the term of office of the Railway Commissioners in October next, when he will become chief commissioner. It is generally understood that Mr. W. M. Fehun will succeed Mr. Eddy. Mr. William A. Notting, & member of the firm of Page and Notting, Sydney, well known in commercial circles, was com mitted for trial on January 17 for committing a malicious assanlt on Stephen Inch, a prominent officer of the Registrar-General's department A dispute arose over statements alleged to have been made by Inch concerning Notting's sister, and Notting went to Inch's office and as saulted him so cruelly as to leave him in a semi-unconscious state. Inch was in the Hospital eleven days after the assault Notting and Inch are both prominent yachtsmen. Arthur A. Wheeler, the so-called Count | Volasco, who dei'randed numerous shop keepers by baying goods from them and pay ing,^ em with valueless cheques, was sen tenced to various terms ot imprisonment amounting in all to -two years, at the -City Court on January 16. The prisoner claims to be the brother of'-a German professor. Dnring his slay in the colonies he has put hp a bad record and acquired numerous wt'ases. In the present instance he began. by opening an account at the bank, with a large cheque on. Broken. Hill, getting a deposit receipt, which he showed' to the persons he offered cheques to. The bank1 warned him that no cheques would be honoured till the one on Broken Hill was certified to be correct. It quickly transpired that the Broken HUl cheque was valueless. The count then went into hiding, subsisting by pawning at night the goods he had purchased; He was acci dentally sighted by a detective in a pawn shop and arrested. A warrant has been granted for the arrest of Arthur Berkley Daveney, land agent, formerj^ of Carlisle-street, Balaclava, on the complaint of Mrs. Annie Asper, of Brighton. Mrs. Asper entrusted him with the commis sion to Sell a house and land for £400. She received half the amount, and .when she went to get the balance (due in October last) she was banded Daveney's. .cheque for £205 (principal and interest}, Daveney being away. The cheque was dishonoured. Daveney Has left the colony, and is said to have gone to San Francisco vifi, Sydney. An explosion.; on chipboard - at sea j reported by the -Gockermouth, which ha arrived inSydhey from London. It happcne on Sept; 29, in the Bay of Biscay, It is suf posed to have been caused by ah-escape c Kft8 .'r0in an; anti-fouling compound - amo'n the Ships stores inthefonepealL The cool ^*5 kijlfd mV'ti1®! orlop;dec! tobacco robbery case, which is pr< oeeding slowly the City court, the mag ' strates have intimated that the charge against Henry Bade, of Ballarat, tobacconist, is not sastained. Bade bought very slightly under the market price a quantity of tobacco from Mulligan, tobacconist, of Geelong, one of the persons to whom O'Neill and Marks are alleged to have sent a large quantity of the tobacco taken from Mr. Berry's warehouse in Melbourne. The defence in Bade's case was that he was an innocent buyer. 