GOVERNMENT TENDERS. " The Railway Department has accepted the tender of the Adelaide Steam Shipping Company for the supply of 6000 tons of coal for the Northern Railway. The department, has also accepted the tender of the Queensland Carriage, Waggon, and Tramcar Company, Limited, Nundah, for the construction of thirty bogie cattle waggons for use on the Northern Railway. On the recommendation of the Chief Engineer, the Railway Commissioners have decided to accept the tender of Messrs. Vallely and Bowser for the construction of the Childers to Cordolb,a' Railway. The line, which will be about seven and a-half miles in length, is to be completed by the 30th April, 1866. The amount of the tender is £16,305 ISs. lids / ' LETTER CARDS. For some time past the Postmaster General has had under consideration the desirability of introducing an inland and intercolonial letter card, and we understand that the necessary preliminaries have now been arranged in connection with the departmental regulations, and, that the card is now available for use. The price of each card Is 2d., and it can be sent to any place within Queensland, the other colonies, New Zealand, Tasmania, Fiji, and New Guinea. It may not be out of place to state that in accordance with the decision arrived at the Wellington Postal Conference nearly all the colonies have adopted letter cards in their Intercolonial relations. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE. The man who attempted suicide on Sunday last (says our Taroom correspondent writing on the 13th Instant is still alive. After cutting the man's hair the hole from the second bullet has been discovered. The doctor being absent, the man has been carefully attended to by Sergeant Burke and Constable Berry. One Remarkable feature of the case is that large quantities of the brain have passed through the holes made by the bullets. It would seem impossible for the man to survive an hour, and still he seems quite calm, although unconscious. It is miraculous how he is still alive. There is not the slightest clue as to his identification, and he must have destroyed all papers and other means of identification before committing the rash act. GENERAL BOOTH. General Booth, on his second visit to Australia (says the Sydney "Daily Telegraph"), will be accompanied by Commissioner Pollard (better known when he resided here as Colonel Pollard) and the General's Italian secretary. Major Malan. The " "War Cry" says that the General is due to sail from London on the 10th July by the Dunottar Castle, reaching the Cane on the 26th August. After a short stay In Africa. the General will re embark by the Rimutaka on the 14th September, reaching Hobart on or about the 3rd "October. . ' SELF-DENIAL WEEK. The week of self-denial and thank offering to raise funds for the Sick Children's Hospital commences to-do v. and it is hoped will result in substantial assistance to an institution which needs and deserves all the. help that can be given to It. Themdlcs of the committee will be in attendance at the Council Chambers, Town Hall, during the present week, as well as throughout the following week, to receive and acknowledge donations. In addition the Mayor has given permission for a pedestal, called " Simpson's Bowl," to be placed at the door of the Town Hall, and into this receptacle the public are invited to put their mite. 'A correspondent writes expressing a fear that the opportunity for contributing to the fund is too narrow, and that few will go to the Town Hall for the purpose. He suggests that small boxes be placed in the tramcars and 'buses, or that some other method be adopted for giving . every possible facility to all who may feel disposed to contribute for- doing so. CORPUS CHRISTI FEAST. Yesterday being a festival day in connection with the Corpus Christi feast was observed with the accustomed ceremony and splendour in all Roman Catholic churches. At St. Stephen's Cathedral the altar was beautifully decorated, and the music both morning and evening was of a special character, there being a large attendance of choir and orchestra. In the morning the Mass was Mozart's No. 1, the Credo, being taken from "Weber in E flat. After the Epistles, the full choir song' Lambil lotte's " Lauda Sion." At the offertory Gounod's "Ave Maria" was sung by Mr. James, with violin obbligato played very effectively by Miss Stratford. At the conclusion of the ceremonial the choir rendered the " Range Lingua" Gregorian which was followed by the Litany to the Blessed Virgin. In the evening, during the exposition of the sacrament, the choir sang several of their best, pieces, Including' " Ecce Deus" (bass solo), sang by Mr. P. J. Henry, and the trio " Jesus Del Vlvi," excellently rendered by Mrs. Parry, Mr. James, and Mr. J. E. Hall. MRS. M'NAUGHT. By an advertisement in another column, Mrs. M'Naught informs her friends that she has left Toowoomba Gaol owing to illness brought on by a cold and prison fare. Mrs. McNaught lied served one out of the two months which constituted her sentence, and was released on the line imposed by the Brisbane bench being paid by the funds raised for the purpose by Mr. J. Fogarty, M.L.A. As stated In our telegraphic columns, Mrs. McNaught came to Brisbane by Saturday afternoon's train. COMBINED AMATEUR- CYCLING CARNIVAL. Entries for the Amateur Cycling Carnival, to be held at the Exhibition Grounds on the 22nd and 29th Instant, closed at the Safety Club rooms on Thursday night. The number of entries received 218 for the cycling events and 39 for the flat races augurs well for the success of the meeting. Rockhampton Will be represented by Mr. F. Robinson, the local champion ; while New South Wales and New Zealand are sending strong teams to uphold the prestige of their colonies. The prizes, which are of a very valuable nature, are exhibited In Mr. J. A. Clark's shop window, Queen street. The Headquarters Band has been engaged for both Saturdays. PRESBYTERIAN SERVICES. The Rev. J. F. McSwaine preached in the Mowbraytown Presbyterian Church yesterday morning, and the pulpit at St. Paul's was occupied by the Rev. E. J. Thomson, Interim minister of St. Ann's Presbyterian Church. Mr. Thomson delivered an outspoken and earnest sermon from the 6th chapter of the Gospel of St. John, verse 64-" But there are some of you who believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they, were that believed not, and who should betray them." The sermon was very attentively listened to by the congregation. Mr. Thomson is, comparatively speaking, a new preacher to Brisbane. His attitude in the pulpit was grave and easy, free from mere conventionalism. He is possessed of a strong voice, and his sermon yesterday was full of thought and earnestness. AT evening service the Rev. J. F. McSwaine preached in his own pulpit. The anthem In the morning was Mozart's " Plead Thou-. my cause, O Lord," arid In the evening, " I am Alpha and Omega". (Stainer), both of which were efficiently rendered by a large choir, under the leadership of Mr. E. Lloyd. An appeal was made at both services in connection with self denial week for the Children's Hospital. ALL SAINTS CHURCH. Two particularly interesting sermons were preached yesterday at All Saints Church. That in the morning, by the rector, was on the text 1st Peter, ii., 0, 10\. At evensong the Rev. G. E. M Pringle, who is to be locum tenens during the rector's absence, preached his first sermon at this church, taking for his text the two last verses of St. Matthew's gospel, the Saviour's great final charge to hills disciples, to "Go and preach to all nations baptising them in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." The preacher spoke earnestly of his determination to " preach Jesus Christ and Him crucified." Mr. Pringle read the lessons and preached in a clear distinct voice, and was very favourably received. The communion service was Calkin, the anthem being " Seek ye the Lord," the solo being taken by Mr. M'Gavln. At evensong,the,hymns, canticles and psalms were well sung. The offertorium, by Messrs. Powell and Taylor, whose voices blended finely, was, " Now we are ambassadors." The organ was remarkably well played. A SPLENDID TRIBUTE. Miss Nellie Stewart's generous idea of devoting the farewell benefit to which she is by custom entitled to the relief of the poor children of Sydney was successfully carried out at the Lyceum Theatre on Thursday afternoon (says the ?' S. M. Herald"). It may safely be said that where Miss Stewart may go she will never be more popular nor more cordially supported than by the play going public of Sydney. Proof of this was given on Thursday afternoon, since at only six days' notice, with no working committee, without " billing" of any kind, and with no " novelty" to strengthen the situation, the Lyceum Theatre was densely crowded alike in dress circle, stalls, and gallery. Miss Stewart had a great ovation when she appeared as Ma Mio Rosette, was encored and awarded still more flowers after her fine singing of " I Was Dreaming," and throughout the afternoon was made the heroine of the occasion. Mr. Henry Bracy, who appeared for the first time as the gallant soldier lover, sang vigorously, and get a round of applause for the, spirit with which he spoke the lines " I am a soldier, not a spy." Mr. Wallace Brownlow again appeared in his best part as King Henry of Navarre. ' It need scarcely be said that Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove gave the free use of the theatre, and that all connected with it, both before and behind the footlights gave gratuitous service in the cause of the poor children of Sydney. At the close of the performance the prolonged enthusiasm" was not to be withstood, and Miss Stewart accordingly took the opportunity of thanking all present for their support. She was delighted to he able to stir fe that the entire gross proceeds its, annual ing to £220, Would be handed over to the charity without deduction of any kind. (Loud cheers.) NEW LAIDLEY SETTLEMENT. As an outcome of the New Laidley settlement at Watawa, we (2 Bundaberg Mail") understand that for some time negotiations have been going on between a representative of a similar contingent to that of the New Laidley farmers, and Messrs. G. F. Lyons and Co., of this town, as agents for the proprietor, for the purpose of acquiring leaseholds similar to those now acquired by New Laidley settlers from Messrs. Gibson, with the satisfactory result that the agents have now Instructions to Immediately have surveyed and subdivided into suitable holdings nearly 700 acres of first-class sugar lands, in close proximity and similar to that of New Laidley : but with the additional advantage of a purchasing clause, and the right to the lessee to dispose of his sugarcane in the highest market. The rent-namely, royalty, will only be 15. per ton of sugarcane grown, thus offer- ing exceptional facilities to men of limited means, but none but practical farmers will be entertained. The proposed., site for this second communistic settlement. in the neighbourhood of Watawa, is quite handy to the Messrs. Gibson and Howe's permanent locomotive branch railway line (connecting with the Mount Perry main railway line), and the tram line of the proposed Currajong Creek central mill. The land is chiefly dense scrub, made up of black alluvial and red volcanic soil, eminently suited for tropical culture, situated, we understand, on high undulating table- land, and when brought under cultiva- tion must necessarily trend in the right direction namely, to still further settle people in the Watawa district. Other intending settlers in the district will be able to obtain blocks In the same locality. COFFEE ON THE RUSSELL RIVER. The " Cairns Morning Post." which render Its first appearance and a very creditable appearance, too-on the 10th instant, has an interesting description of the Mount Graham coffee plantation on the Russell River. The writer says Five years ago, seed sufficient for 2000 young plants was set by Mr. Lewis at Mount Graham plantation. These came up vigorously, and were transplanted in March. 1892. A small crop was picked In April, 1894, each plant averaging about Mere. Mr. Lewis foresaw that he would be unable to save half his crop without the aid of machinery. He therefore purchased from Ceylon one of Messrs. Walker and Sons and Company's double-deck papers at a cost, of £35 landed on the Russell. This has already paid for itself, and the purchaser speaks very highly of the labour-saving qualities of the machine. One half of the crop is already gathered and treated, and it is expected that the remainder will be finished in about a month. About twelve aboriginals are employed in picking. They pick all day and pulp after supper. A , child 8 or 10 years of age is quite able for the work, and can do almost as much as an adult. Mr. Lewis regards this occupation as far better for the health of children than being cooped up in an office all day. A stroll through the plantation brought to light the fact that the enterprising proprietor has about 2000 young plants ready for transplanting, so that there will be fully 4000 plants in full bearing before long, covering an area of about 11 acres. So far the plants have both grown and borne in a manner which has exceeded anticipations, but as to the future Mr. Lewis would not hazard an opinion. The plantation, is a gradual slope from the flats, on the "bariHTOt the Russell to the top of Mount Graham which is 2000ft. above the level of the sea, dipping on the eastern slope to the sea shore. The Post and Telegraph Department advises that, in consequence of the late arrival of the Miowera, the mails via Vancouver will close here on Tuesday at 5 pm. Mails from Vancouver left Sydney per steamer Tyrian on Saturday, and will probably be delivered on Monday afternoon. See the beautiful show of Umbrellas and Parasols IntFlnney, Isles, and Co.'s windows, and note the prices they are being sold at Northumberland Hotel, Gympie. First-class accommodation for travellers and visitors ; buggy meets every train. R. A. Sim.-(Advt.) Colonel Bell, United States Consul, is advertised to lecture to-night in the Wickham-terrace Presbyterian Church on " The Philosophy of Theosophy." Real sealskin jackets, v regular price sixty- pounds, will be cleared out at Finney, Isles, and Co's for twenty-nine pounds each. This is a chance not likely to occur again, as sealskins are steadily rising in prices The highest average price for a large flock of merinoes for some considerable time past was obtained yesterday at the Flemington Market Yards (says the Melbourne " Argus" of Wednesday last). The flock consisted of SSI exceptionally prime wethers from Tulla station, New South Wales These sheep were the first draft of Mr. Wragge's four-year-old station breds, land averaged within a fraction of 12s. per head They were, comparatively speaking, of very good value, being generally estimated at 651. weight, carrying 4s skins A fine picked sheep, of which the weight could not be with any degree of certainty estimated, realised 14s. 8d 'For this line, however, the demand was augmented by the competition of buyers for export. - Another shipment of Feather Boas just to hand at Finney, Isles', and Co's s The " South Australian Register" says Mr. F. M. Bailey, F.L, S., Colonial Botanist of Queensland, and son of one of the pioneers of. South Australia, has forwarded to us two more of his valuable " Botanical Bulletins." One of these is, " A half-century of Notes for the Guidance of Fruitgrowers," and the other, " Contributions to the Queensland Flora." Both pamphlets are masterpieces of their kind, and it is evident that in Mr. Bailey the Queensland Government possesses a gifted officer and a botanical enthusiast. a, Special show of ladies' jackets In Box Cloth, Fancy Tweeds, and Serges at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s These are in latest styles, and have the very large sleeves. Wholesale pi lees ranged from 17s. 6d. to 42s. ; prices now are 12s. 6d., 15s. 6d, 17s. 6d., 18s. 6d., 21s., and 25s. each. Goods of such exceptional value must be seen to be fully appreciated. Our advice Issell and inspect them to-day, as they are clearing rapidly 