I A CHAT WITH AN ACTOR. A representative of the Watminst' r Gazette had an interesting chat with Mr. Lionel Brough, a well-known London comedian, just as he was leaving England last month for Capetown, whither he was going for the fourth time on a professional tour. " If you want to know," remarked Mr. Brough after some preliminary conversation, " about my long petti- coat age-although I have have played in frocks since-every low comedian does that, you know you must ask, as the boys say in the drama, ' my mother. I fancy, although the dear old darling is-I said good-bye to her last night 62, and every faculty still perfect, she ' will be able to tell you that * Lal was a perfect baby. " Like Jack-in-the-box, I suppose the next question you will put to mc is Where do I live I Now, look out of the window. Quick ! Do you see between the chimney pots that old tree 1 " We were whirling at express rate through South Lambeth. " Well, that tree is in my garden the house is the one in which Fauntleroy, the forger, used to live. It has been my home for 25 years. When I first hung up my hat in the hall the house was a delightful suburban villa Lambeth was all gardens then. Actually now I am built up. " Bain an actor 1 Every man is born an actor, or circumstances may qualify him for one. Like the Siamese babes, mine was a twin lot. I was in the fryingpan of the drama from the beginning, and naturally, like most lovers of Thespis, presently I popped into the fire. But a good deal happened before the footlights became the daily bread- winner. My turn out into the world took place among the picture papers. The initial berth into business was at the Illustrated London News office. There, under Mr. Ingram's roof, when boys will be boys, I spent some happy days. But in 1855 came a boom for a penny daily, and Colonel Sleigh, with ideas from over the water, swept t the field, and started! the Daily Telegraph. I, as a a young man, took active service. And, let me tell you, that year, 1859, saw some innovations in the newspaper world. Why, we were the first to put the newspapers on the streets. The street boys were, as they are very generally to-day, little worldlings shoeless, hatless, and with tom breeches picked up from, or just outside, the refuge. We started with 280 lads, though, without a doubt, there were weeds and warrant knaves among them. At first at night most of the boys paid up like trumps-presently some were a little short, then later shorter still and, alas, at the end the majority played the 'goat.'- Out of the 280 walls but 81 remained honest. And of these, it delights me to say, three became the largest news agents in London, and, as "the good fairies say, eventually ' kept their carriages.' But the Daily Telegraph was not to be allowed for long to hold the kerb alone. A year later the Morning Star was its neighbour, with Mr. Justin McCarthy as one of the helmsmen. I suppose I must have been erratic as a young man. I joined the Morning Star on the day following its birthday and was with the paper for five years. After that the wheel of life took another turn. Everybody was gossiping about the Polytechnic. _ To the Polytechnic I went, and with a drawingroom entertainment as the object to till the money bag. My fellow help was a magic lantern the biggest sheet on record, 30 x 29. We retold the old fairy tales. Cinderella was book Island what a book it was ¡ Seven well-known men had their fingers in the pie, among them being li. and Wra. Holiday, H. J. Byron, Fred Laurence, Blanche and Tom Robertson ; whilst such artists as Hine and Crowquil supplied the pictures and Childs was the only lantern artist who could paint fine enough the Pre-Raphaelite were not in it for detail-on the glass for the slides. Cinderella had a good life. Then we put up Der Freischutz, which ended in my dropping in for Pepper's G host. Round and round the provinces we went. Presently the little people at Windsor wanted to see how Pepper's was done, and, by command, to Windsor I journeyed. But the secret was kept. The only royalty that found it out was a visitor the late Emperor Frederick and he as a ghost. He came whilst I was in the thick of fixing up operations. " ' Tell me how the ghost is done, Mr. Brough, he said It is a dead secret, said 1. ' Never mind,' was the reply, but show me the trick. ' Well then,' was my answer, ' if you let me make a dead man of you-dead men tell no tales I'll show you. Stand here ! ' I went down into the pit turned up the lights and run my sword through Prince Frederick's body, or, rather, his ghost. The Imperial person was perfectly i satisfied, and kept the ghostly secret. " Once more 1 played hopscotch, and went back to the world of letters. This time to be with Messrs. Tinsley Bros., and more or less to prospect. Our greatest literary find was Miss Braddon. The connection came about by discover- ing a serial of hers that was running in a magazine, and growing in popularity as number after number left the press. The book rights were bought for a mere song. But the venture turned out so well that long before the book went out of the running the honorarium was made up to £1,000, for we could not afford to part with our find, and must secure her next novel. " But all through I suppose my soul was on the boards.' In 185!), with other Savages, 1 played in The Forty Thieves at the Lyceum-each brigand was a Savage. Then a year and more later, in 1852, came the awful cotton famine, and the Savages were called upon to act. We took The Fort Thieves in the North, and camped in £700 in two nights for the famine fund. " Here came another turning point, Alexander Henderson saw the play and captured me. The boards of Glasgow first, and then Liverpool, became my habitat. What days those Liverpool days were ! The ins and outs, the ups and downs, would fill a library. Ask the crowd about them-I and Saker and Saker and I, as Castor and Pollux, or as the Two Twins, etc., etc., all happy on our £3 a week. Look down the list to-day, and see who does not owe that little house at Liverpool something - Irving, Tooke, Bancroft, Wigan, Wyndham, Clayton-there, I have forgotten half. The house was always full £78 a night, which in London would mean at least £150. But then what a man we had at the helm ! He was a splendid administrator didn't care a hang for acting, but knew exactly what the people wanted. "Yes, it falls to the lot of each actor to originate. The Squire in David Garrick was mine, and I fancy I may lay claim to John Chodd in Society. But London is every man's ambition, and after playing in Liverpool for four or five years I found a footing at the old Queen's Theatre in Long Acre. I enjoyed my parts there-The Double Marriage came first, then Dearer than Life, and Uncle Ben was a creation. But somehow things grew perverse. A little band of us-Irving, Tooke, Wyndham, Clayton, and I-put on our hats one day and walked out. A lucky day for some of us certainly, is future events have shown. "Well, the next big venture on the wheel of life was Basil and Bijou, at Covent Gardens fairy play before its time. I fancy the play cost some £200,000 to stage and run. There was a big deficit at the finish. No fewer than 482 people were nightly engaged in the play, and, as you know, Bouci cause left us at the critical moment, and I had to take the helm for the seven months that the 'fairy dream ' filled the stage. Then came a turn at the Gaiety under Hollingshead, followed by a long run in She Stoops to Conquer at the St. James'. I have played Tony Lumpkin 770' times, In reality I may say that I know every stage in London, and have been god- father-said the first words- to seven playhouses. "And as to colonial experiences. Well, I have enjoyed them too. Mr present run is a brief one. I am going up to Johannesburg with Mr. Luscombe, Searelle to register for a fortnight but I must be back on January 15 to join Mr. Beerbohm Tree for his American tour. The Johannesburg trip this time is altogether different from the old one. I go alone with Mr. Searelle. For the old visit up country' journey to Pretoria we employed no fewer than 136 horses, and at times only 261\. of baggage was allowed, and that meant a scanty wardrobe, you guess. More than once our house, was the stock exchange, the ' bulls and bears would be in possession till late in the day, then we would enter the place towards evening and transform it into a play- house. A different piece every night filled the stage. Our repertoire consisted of 32 plays, and I might say that during six and a half months out of our eight months' tramp abroad, re- hearsals took place every day. There were few free days. But when we did make holiday we did make holiday. The record of these spare moments must wait for another day. The lowest priced seats in the house were 10s. 6d. at me say, however, perhaps one of the most remarkable sights in the world is the one that you may see under the row of poplars at that Cairo of the South, Johannesburg. Here, on a Sunday, congregate the oddest of fish, very often in a cloud of " Cape Smoke that veritable home-brewed brandy which is to be purchased at a shilling a bottle. Among the loungers you will discover a black whose only garment is an artilleryman's jacket, another whose solitary wardrobe consists of a city policeman's coat, and a third swell wearing the uniform of a metropolitan fireman. The Johnnies' are as proud as peacocks of these articles of clothing, especially of the artilleryman's lace jacket. If one obtains a jacket covered with lace facings such as the drivers wear, he immediately thinks he is a real, right, royal, regal general. I fancy the cost of these worn out articles of clothing, which are shipped in bulk, is Is. each. But here we are at Southampton a.. 