OOMPUETB STORY. At the Dip of tho Road, HERS. MOLESWORTH, Author of "Her Baby," "Carrots," &o.;, &o.; All Queensland Rights Reserved. Have X ever seen a ghost P I do not know. That is the only reply I oan truthfully make to tho question nowadays so often asked. And sometimes, if inquirers care to hear more I go on to tell thorn the one experience whioh makes it impossible for mo to reply positively either in tho nffirmativo or negative, and re stricts me to " I do not know." This was tho story. I was staying with relatives in tho country, not a vory isolated or out-of-the-wuy part of the world, and yet rather inconvenient of ac cess by tho railway, for the nearest railway station was six miles off. Though the family I was visiting wore nearly connected with me, I did not know much of tlioir home or its neighbourhood, as tho head of tho house, an uncle of mino by marriage, hud only come into the property a year or two previously to the date of whioh I am writing, through the death of an elder brother. It was a nice plaoo, a good comfortable old house, a prosperous satisfactory estate. Every thing about it was in good order, from the farmers, who always paid their rents, to the 5 shooting, whioh was always good, from the 1 vineries, whioh wero noted, to the woods, whore the earliest primroses in all tho countryside were yearly to ho found. And my unole and aunt and thoir family de served those ploosant things and made a good use of them. But thoro was a touch of the commonplace about it all. There was nothing picturesque or romantio. The country was flat, though fertile, the houso, though old, was conveniently modern in its arrangements, any, cheery, and bright. "Not even a fjhoat, or the shadow of one," I remembor saying ono day with a faint grumble. "Ah, well — as to that," said my undo, '"perhaps wo " but just then something interrupted him, and I forgot his unfinished speeoh. Into the happy parly, of whioh, for tho time being, I was ono, there fell ono morning a sudden thunderbolt of calamity. Tho post brought news of the alarming illness of tho eldest daughter — Frances, roamed a year or two boforo, and living, as the crow flies, at no very great distanoe. But as tho crow flics, is not always as tho railroad runs, and to roach tho Aldwyn's homo from Fawno Court, my i)nolo's place, was a complicated business — it was scarody possible to go and return in a day. "Can ono of you como over?" wrote the young husband. " She is already out of danger, but longing to see her mother or one of you. She is worrying about the baby" — a child of a few months old — "and wishing for nurao." We looked at eaoh other. " Nurse must go at once," said my undo to me, as tho eldest of the party. Perhaps I should hero say thnt I am a widow, though not old, and with no close ties or responsibilities. "But for your aunt it is impossiblo." " Quito so," I agreed. For slio was at tho moment painfully lamed by rheumatism. " And the other girls are almost too young at such a crisis, " my unule continued. ' ' Would you, Uharlotto " and he hesitated. "It would be such a comfort to havo personal news of her." " Of course I will go," I said. " Nurse and I can start at once. I will leave hor there, and return alone, to give you, I havo no doubt, better news, of poorFranoie." He was full of gratitude. So wero they all. "Don't hurry book to-night," said my uncle. "Stay till — till Monday, if you like." But I could not promise. I knew thoy would ; be glad of news at once, and in a small house ' like my cousin's, at such a timo, an inmate moro might be inconvenient. " I will try to return to- night," I said, and as I sprang into tho oarriage, I added, " Send to Mooro to meet the last train unless I tolo- graph to the contrary." My unole nodded, tho boys called nfter mo, "All right," the old butler bowed assent, and I was" satisfied. Nurse and I reaohed our jonrnoy's end promptly, considering the four or five junotions at whioh wo hud to cliango carriugos. But on the wholo " going " tho trains fitted astonishingly. Wo found Frances better, delighted to see us, eager for news of hor mother, and finally dis posed to sleep peacefully now that she knew thnt there was an experienced person in charge. And both she and her liusbaud thanked mo so muo'n that I felt ashamed of tho little I had done. Mr. Aldwyn begged mo to stay till Monday, but tho house was upset, and I was cagor to carry back my good tidings. "Thoy are meeting me at Moore by the last train," I said. " No, thank you, I think it is best to go." "You will have an uncomfortable journey," he replied. "It is Suturduy, and tho truins will bo lute, and the stations crowded with the market people. It will be horrid for you, Charlotte." But I porsistcd. It was rathor horrid. And it was queer. Thoro was a sort of uncanny ocrincss about thnt Saturday evening's journey that I havo never forgotten. The season wus very early spring. It was not very cold, but chilly and ungonial. And thoro was such nn odd sort of people about. I travelled second-class, for I am not rich, and I am vory independent. I did not want my uncle to pay my faro, for I liked tho fooling of roudoriug him somo small service in roturn for his steady kindnoss to mo. The first Btago of my journey wns performed in tho company of two old nuturulists travel ling to Scotland to look for some small plant wliiah was to bo found only in one spot in tho Highlands. This I gathered from tlicir talk to eaoh other. You never saw two bucIi extra ordinary oroatures ns thoy woro. Thoy both wore black kid gloves rnuoh too largo for them, and the ends of tho fingers waved about liko feathers. Then followed two or throe short transits, intorsporsod with weary waitings at stations. Tho last of theso was tho worst, and tantalising too, for by this timo I wqb within a few miles of Mooro. Tho station was crowded with rough folk, all, it seomod to me, moro or less tipsy. So I took refuge 111 a dark waiting- room on tho small Bido lino by which I was to prooeed, whero I felt I might havo been robbed and murdered and no ono tlio wioor. But at lust enmo ray slow littlo train, and in I jumped, to jump out again still more joy fully somo fifteen minutes Tutor whon wo drew up at Mooro. , I peorod about for tho carriago. It was not to bo seen ; only two or threo tuxcarts or dog carts, farmers' veliiolcs, standing about, while thoir owners, it wus easy to hear, were drinking for more thun was good for thorn in the tap room of tho Unicorn. Thence, nevertheless — not to the taproom, but to tho front of tho inn —I mado my way, though not undismayed by tho shouts and roars brooking tho stillness of tho quiet night. "Was tho Fawno Court carriago nothoro?" I usked. Tlio landlady was a good-natured woman, especially civil to any member of tho Court family. But sho shook her head. "No, no carriago had been down to-day. . Thoro must havo been somo mistake." Thoro was nothing for it but to wait till Blie could somehow or other disintor a fly and a horse, and, worst of all, a driver. For tho , "men" sho had to coll woro all rathor — "well, ma'am, you sco it's Saturday night. Wo weren't expeoting anyone." And whon the fly, nfter half an hour, at lost emerged, my heart almost fuiled mo. Even before he drovo out of tho yard it was very plain that if over wo rcaohod Fawne Oonrt alivo it would ocrtainly be more thanks to good luok than to the driver's management. But the horse wus old and the man had a sort of instinot about him. Wo got on all right till wo wero moro than half way to our journey's end. Tho road wns straight and tho moonlight bright, especially after we had passed a certain corner, and g;ot well out of tlio shade of the trees whioh skirted the first purt of the way. Just past this turn theio came a dip in the road. It went down, down, down gradually, for a quarter of a mile or moro, and I looked up anxiously, fearful of the horse taking ad- vuntago of tho slope. But no, be jugged on, if possible moro slowly than boforo, though new terrors assailod mo when I saw that tho driver was now fast asleep, his head swaying from side to side with extraordinary regularity. After, a bit I grew easier again ; he seemed to keep his equilibrium, and I looked out at the side window with some interest oh tho moon-flooded landsoapo. I had never seen brighter moon light Suddenly,, from out of tho intense stillness and lonolincBS a figure, a human figure, became visiblo. It wus that of a man, a young and aotivo man. running along the footpath a fow feet to our loft, apparently from some whim keoping pnoo with the fly. My first feeling was of sutiBfaotion that I was not alone, at tho tender mercies of my stupefied charioteer. But as I gazed, a slight misgiving cama over mo. Who eould it bo running along this lonoly road so luto, and what was his motive in keeping up with us so steadily ? It almost seomod as if ho had boon waiting for us, yet that, of course, was impossiblo. Ho was not vory highway- mnn-liko certainly ; ho was well drcsse 1 — neatly dressed ; that is to say, liko- a superior gamekeoper — his figure was remarkably good, tall and slight, and he rah gracefully. But thero was something queer about him, and suddenly tho curiosity that had mingled in my observation of him, was entirely submerged in alarm whon I saw as ho ran he was slowly but steadily drawing nearer and nearer to tho fly- ft;" In anothor moment he will be opening the door, and jumping in," I thought, and I glanced before mo only to see that the driver was more hopelessly asleep than before ; thero was no obanoo of his hoaring if I colled out. And get out I could not without attracting the strange runner's attention, for as ill-luck would havo it the window was drawn up on the right side, and I could not open tho door with out rattling tho glass. While, worse nnd worse, tho left hand window wns down I Even that slight protection wns wanting. I looked out onco moro. By thiB timo tho figure was oloso to the fly. Then an arm was Btrotched out nnd laid along the edge of tho door, as if preparatory to oponing it, and then for tho first time I saw his face. It was a young faco, but terribly, horribly pale and ghastly, and the eyes — all was visiblo in tho moonlight — hndanexpressionsuchaslbadnevor seen before or since. It terrified me, though afterwards on recalling it, it seemed to me that it might havo been more a look of agonised Toil thun of monoco of any kind, cowered bock into my corner and shut my eyes, feigning sleep. It wus the only idoa that ocourred to me. My heart was beating like a sledge hammor. All sorts of thoughts ruBhed through me ; among them I remembor saying to myself, "He must bo an oscapod lunatio — his eyes are so awfully wild." How longlsatthusldonotlcnow — whenever I dared to glance out furtively he wus still thero. But all at once a strungo feeling of relief camo over me. I sat up — yes, ho was gone ! And though, ns I took courngo, I leant out and looked round in every direction, not a traco of him was to bo seen, though tho rend and fields were bnre and clear for a long distonco round. When I got to Fawne Court I had to wake tho lodgokcopcr — ovoryono was asleep. But my unolo was still up, though not oxpecting me, and very distressed ho was at the mistake about tho carriago. " Howovor," ho concluded, " all's well that ends woll. It's delightful to havo your good news. But you look sadly palo and tired, Cliurlotto." Then I told him of my fright — it seemed now so foolish of me, I said. But my unolo did not smile — on tho contrary. "My dear," I10 said, "it sounds very like our ghost, though, of course, it may havo been only 0110 of tho keepers." Ho told mo tho story. Many years ago, in his grundfnthor's timo, a young und fuvourite gamekeeper had been found dead in a fiold skirting tho road down thoro. There was no sign of violence upon tho body ; it was nover explained what had killed him. But he had had in his charge u watch— a vory vuluablo ono — whioh his master, for somo reason or other, had handed to him to take homo to tho houso, not wishing to keep it on him. And when the body was found lata that night tho watch was not on it. Since then, so the story goes, on a moonlight night tho spirit of tho poor follow haunts tho spot. It is supposed that ho wants to toll what had becomo of his master's wntoh, which was nover found. But no ono has over had courage to address him. " Ho never comes furthor than the dip in the road," said my uncle. " If you had spoken to him, Charlotte, I wonder if ho would havo told you his secret." He spoke half laughingly, but I havo never quito forgiven myself for my cowardice. It was tho look in those oyes. 