SHR0UDSD IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY! Br Skipp Boblase, Author of " For True Lore's Sake," " Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death," " An Ooean Secret,^"Recalled to Life." "Rtches John Cameron?" ihe Police Minister," to. CHAPTER XXV. MISCHIEF NIGHT AND MISUEIEF MEAXT.—THE HOB IN THE WOOD. Mr. Radcliffe then paid hira the amount, ana Halcamus Greenwood affiled his signature to the oonf ession, as we may call it; for though he was armed with a pistol, just as on his pre- V f2 U T S V18it he ' B ueM «d by the way in which old John suddenly dived his right hand into his coat pocket that ho too had one whioh oould be quicker presented than his own, and that consequently he was not a man to be braved with impunity. He took comfort, however, by thinking to himself, "The old bloke oalls me her husband at all events, and the very fact that* he brought so much pressure to bear to force'me to sign suoh a paper shows that there was grave reason for getting me to do so. By George, its production would tell more against than in favour of him or his daughter, as I'll let him know when it's convenient and s«fe to do so. One thing is certain, it shall not stop my bleeding him ana her dirootlya need arises for my doing so," Meanwhile Mr. Radcliffe locked up the document in the desk, pooketed the key, and then observed with a chuckle, " Well, my fine gentleman, I've drawn your teeth now, and I hope you clearly perceive that that confession of yours deprives you of all chance of ever being able to swindle me out of any more money, as well as that henceforth the slightest annoyance that you may dare to offer to Lady Howarth or Sir Harry will entail the most certain and unpieasant consequences to yourself. You may go now. You are warned." " Then farewell, Mr. Radc'iffe. I bid you good-bye for at least a year. Then I may look in on you again." " Eh, what, you would dare to do so—after —after what I've just forced you to sign—eh —eh—eh?" " Well, I'll take a lawyer's opinion on the mutter first, perhaps; loan afford to do itnow, you know." Aud with a mocking smile playing about his lips Halcamus Greenwood bowed himself out of his former master's presence, who was eo astonished at his last utteranoe that he stood staring at him open-mouthed until he had wholly disappeared, and then returned to the dining-room, muttering as he went— "I wonder if I'm as clever as I thought I was! He who sups with the devil needs a long spoon, and if that scoundrel Halcamus isn't the devil, he's at all events sharp and malicious enough to be ono of his very blackest imps. Confound it, I must seek inspiration frura the brandy bottle again." He proceeded at once to do so, but somehow it wouldn't come, and within an hour a fresh cause ot alarm presented it-self to him in the shape of a wild swell of voioes and musio that Beamed to be approaohing The Wood from the direction of the New Bridge, causing him to suddenly recollect the fact that 'twas Mischief Night, and that some very ugly suspicions wete afloat in the town concerning him- His now fast-growing fears were not without a very solid foundation, for a scandal once started grows apace, and both tho lesterers who had found, and the two old women who had laid out, the corpse of the fish-and-floodmutilated young girl with the R.R. worked upon her uuder-raiment, had told everybody of tbe distress and agitation which Mr. Radcliffe had betrayed upon the occasion, and of his pallid eagerness to learn whether there was anything about the body by which it oould be identified or reoognisod. These, coming from a man who never before had been known to exhibit any emotions but those of rage and greed, and, taken in conjunction with the oauduct of one of his daughters who owned those initials, and the great probability that it was she who had returned so mysteriously to Rochdale, asked the drover on the Butts if the Wishing Steps were crossable, and a little later had bsen seen passing over the bridge that would lead her direct to The Wood by the watchman stationed there, who was sure that she had never returned as she went, whilst she seemed to baFe left her hat and veil floating on the Kurfaoe of the stream in mute testimony that she lay beneath it, were circumstances quite suspiciouB enough to indicate her fattier as her murderer, more especially when every one knew that intense pride was one of bis besetting sins, and a perfectly uncontrollable temper another. There were many who reoollected now that a score of years previously he had beaten a boy to death whom ho had caught setting snares for pplec&ts; in The Wood, or at all eventsbeaten him so severely that he had died trotn the effecis" of the castigation ; and though the slayer had gone almost mad with regret, and had testified it by maintaining the lad's mother, who was a widow, in ease and comfort until the day of her death, these re- deeming traits on his part were not) remembered at such a time, as redeeming traits seldom are. The Misohisf Makers had not contemplated any great amount of harm to Mr. Radcliffe or to his residence when thay first commenced their pronlp, but dressed in paper and ribband streamers, and some of them in the skins of oxen and sheep, and led on by a character called Tosspot, in a black bull's hide, with its face covering his own, and its boms rising erect from his head, thev had contented themselves with such mildly innooent diversions as turning signboards upside down, knookirig all doors, kissing women, and if any imprudent wight grew angry at his sweetheart being kissed, or at receiving a blow aoross the legs or arms himself from the wooden sword of one of the revellers, tossing him in ft a blanket; hlaillfnfc • and onrl of ftt course .1,...... many ... were provoked to passion from tho very fun of so tossing them. At last, however, these mild exoitemente began to pali upon the palate, and the immense quantities of liquor which they had by this time been treated to had mode Tosspot and his follower* ripe for almost any outrage whilst the crowd was right willing to baok them up. ^So, when someone suddenly shouted "What d'ye say, lads, to ^oingacd making old Radoliffe oonfess whether he's committed another murder or no?" toe piapoaition was hailed with tho loudest scolaiin and t.he raoBi vociferous ehouts of " To tbo Wood !—to the Wood !" "TOSH the old villain iu a blanket until he lets the oat nut of the bag !" and so on ; while one or two even added " And let us have a good bonfire if the trees will burn !" so tha t there was every probability that this would be a Mieohief Night of Mischief Nights, and one such as Rochdale had never before known. Old John feared so, too, when he heard the footsteps and tho voices of tho onward surging crowd and caught the gleam of torches between the tree- trucks as they approached the 6ntrance-gate to the grounds. Ho now knew that they could b6 ooming nowhere ei=e but there, and the knowledge wm by no menus a comiorting; one. "Wifo,"said he, "don't be frightened, but I believe Tosspot rtnd his fellows are about to pay us a visit. Is's Mischief Nigfct ycu know, aud if they don't oi6an misohiaf, then I'll be barged." He was far more likely lo be hanged if they did than if they didn't, for ther» were muny trees in hia grounds quite strong enough to bear such a weighc evc-n ts his, sixteen stone though it iva->, aad the fast approaching mob seemed just as likely to be led by a Judge Lynch as by a mere Tosspot. As this suddenly occurred to him, for the watchman's warning aeemtd much moro pregnant of evil new th»n it had been when utw>red at mic-day, Mr. Radcliffe muttered half aloud, " Haleiucus Grrunwood is at the bottom of this. Doubtless he ho;;ea to burn his confession by burning tbe casket that contains it, or in other words, t'ui6 house with pGrhaps you sad I inside. Now, wife, don't be alarmed '. Lord have mercy upon us. I'm calm, and so why can't you be? What -on earth's to be done, I wonder?" " Tne houee can coune to co harm, John, for I hung an egg last Aecetsion Day in the roof, and every one knows that that preserves any manner of building from fire and floid, from lightning, wind, arid teeipeet, and as the house is safe 30 those ivhc remain inside it will also bs safe, 1 should >"anoy." Thin from Mrs. RsdoJiffe, bu& hor excited spouso at ouos made aaaiver—" I tell you not to bo frightened. I'aka pattern by me, and don't even get excited. Oh, Lord, I've no faith whatever in eggs or ;n any other spells. Bars, bolts, and a be!l-iaouthed blunderbuss leaded with swan shot,. with a resolute face and loud voice behind it, are worth all the charms in the world. Oil dear, oh dear, what is goiug to become of UB? NOW, wife, not a whimp?r, but sea at once to the locking of doors and Kirrincr of windows, ata I'll see to the blunderbuss." Mrs. Rttdcliffo did as she was bidden, and old John bolted upstairs and into the room which was over the porch, where he took the blunderbuss down from above the mantel-shelf and commenced to load ;t-. By this time Tosspot and his band had catered tbe grounds shouting, soreaming, and huzzaing at the top of their voioos, whilst some increased the din by striking tiieir saucepan - lid ehiolds with their wooden swordH, whilst those who were dressed in sheoptkinp bfta-t-d with all their might and those enveloped in oowhides inoo-ed a hoarse accompaniment. It was like a saturnalia of fiends, and Toespot;, who wns a giVantic fellow, looked like a veritable black bull walking along on its hinder legs. The light of tbe torches shed a lurid glow over the scene, showing in addition the great toESing-blwikei borne on poles, a hastily madeup ghost to represent that of the presumably murdered girl, whose component parts were a turnip lantern with a lighted candle inside, topped by a black hat and veil and a horse's tail streaming down behind it by way of hair, fixed in the centre by m wooden hayrake, whioh made the seeming shoulders, and over which two immense sheets pinned together flowed down to tbe ground, wholly oonoealing the man who walked inBide them grasping the rake handle. The aspeot of the " ghost"erpIsined more to Mr. Radcliffe than did everything else combined, and from the moment of casting his eyes upon it he began to dread the worst. Besides, if the masquers and the crowd who he could now perceive was following them in the rear were really bent on violcncu, no rescue from any quarter was to be hoped for, ainoe the few old watchmen with their staves would be utterly powerleaB to cope with such numbers, and Summercastle was quite empty of soldiers. As these convictions occurred to him he put his blunderbuss out of sight, fancying that it would be wiser to try milder measure* first. Hib next notion was to fill his pockets with all the money chat be could scrape together, in order to throw it out of the window to be ecrambled for. It might put the masquers into a good temper, he thought. Well, in another minute they were there, and the money was ecrambled for, and when it.had all been picked up they ehouted out to him to thro^r them eome bottles of wine and spirits. But when this demand had also been complied with the macquers seemed to be as far removed from good temper as ever, for they then commenced to hoot him, and the ghostbearer elongated the horrid effigy to a height of at least 8 feei, and squeaked out in a burlesque imitation of a female voice—"Do you know-who I am. Please father, I'm oome home," and then in a shiller tone, " Oh, don't push me backward into the river, don't murder me—pray don't!" Then, before Mr. Radcliffe oould make any kind of reply, scores of voioes screamed, " But he did drown her, he did murder her," and then still more shouted, " To the river with him," and others yelled in response, "Drowning^ too good for him. A rope and a branch, that's what he deserves, and that's what we'll give him, too." "I don't know what you refer to, friends," oalled back John Radsliffe, aB soon as there was any chance of making his voice heard. "I've not drowned or murdered anybody. What do you mean by all this?" " You drowned your own daughter rather than she should disgrace your other and your grand son-in-law, or perhaps lest her return should prevent his ever beooming one. You didn't suspect that her linen was marked with the letters of her name did you, and a pre oious fright you were in when told that it was. Lots of folks can speak to that. But we're going to give you a much bigger fright now, and it'll be your last." It was Tosspot who roared this out in as deep a bellow as ever could have been given by the black bull whose hide he wore, and Mr. Radcliffe was now fain to respond in almost supplicating tones— 'You've no right to condemn me without trial. It is barbarous, it is inhoman, it is un English?" "Shut up. We know what we're about," some one oalled back at onoe, and another masquer added, with a laugh, " If we can't get tbe old lobster out of his shell we'll roast him inside it." 