A WAGEIJ l''OU DIAMONDS.] ' Dors t5iBnora P. live hire ?' inquired a pontlcnmn of ihe hall porter of a fashionable set of flats, the other day. ' Yea, air.' ' Is sbe at home now t ' ' Don't know, sir, but I will inquire.' And after a short interval the gentleman, who was no other than Mr. X., tho well-known West end jeweller, was aaked to step into tbe draw infroom. ' Bignora P.,' said he, ' I have come on a very pleasant errsnd-to ask you to choose one of three diamond necklaces, which ia destined to vie, but vie in vain, with tbe charms bestowed upon you by nature.' 'What do you mean F ' asked Slgnora P., a cautatrioeot great renown, whose countenance bad assumed the form of a note of interroga tion. ' I mean that Lord O. has been choosing a necklace for yon : that be has carefully scruti nised ail wo bave in stock, and, having selected these three, asks you to ssy which of them you prefer.' ' Lord O., did you say P ' ' Y«, Lord O. You.know his, of course !' ' Not I, I never spoke to bim iu my life.' '?Strange, very strange ! Here is his card. I dare say ho is an admirer of your delightful singing, and intends to give a tangible shape to bis appreciation ; and. if I may say so, be has given proof of admirable judgment in ?elect- ing a diamond necklace. He has just left our establishment, and from whst he said I expec ted lo seo him here ; but this is, perhaps, the harbincer of his visit.' 'Yes, that msy be,' answered tbe lady, look ing admiringly at tbe glittering diamonds. '? I have often heard of him. He is always in tbe opera, and does, I know, take a great interest in music' The jeweller then Invited a csrefol inspection of the three necklaces, pointed out tbe beauties of each, and laid special ?tress on tbe best of the three, which, of course, was tbe msst expensive in the lot. Half an hour passed iu this way. bat the young nobleman failed to put in an ap nearanoe. 'What do you intend to do P ' asked Signora P. at but. 'Well, I suppose it is useless to wait any longer. As it is not by any means tbe first time I have the pleasure ot seeing you, I confide tbe three necklaces to your safe keeping, Bignora ; I know they will be as well looked after hen aa atom- shop. And when Lord O. does call, and yon barn selected one of them, he will come to us and settle up. It will not last longer than to-morrow, for he has promised to come in the morning in any case.' And Mr. X. took his leave rejoicing. It never once occurred to him that be had left any loopholes in the anangement through which a mouse, not to say a swindler, could squeeze him Hr. X. had not left the bsuidor a quarter of an boor, when a young man rushed in great ex citement into tbe toom and vehemently deman ded Mie three diunmd necklaces. ' Mr. X,' be said, ' bas sent me this moment to say that they were left here by mistake— « mistake which be deeply regreta and apologises for.' In reply to tbe lady's questions, he further explained that Lord O/s instructions bad been misunderstood. He wanted tin necklace for Signora B , who lived in the same Mock, only one store}' higher, and a mistake had been nude in the name. Signora P. was not in tbe least surprised, and banded the man the precious parcel. He expressed bis profound thanks and hurried away. Next morning the jeweller was announced. ' Well, Bignora, f bope you have followed my advice, and chosen the necklace I recom mended P It is by far the best of the three ; and as for the stones, I can assure yon. that Princess L.t when she saw them a few weeks ago ? ' ' You seem to be in a very jonenlar mood this morning, Mr X. I thought from the beginning that the necUsces wore not meant for me, and it was yon who 6aggested that they should remain in my keeping. Bat the matter bas gone far enough.' 'What do yon mean, Signora t Has Lord O. not yet called?' ' ' Ob, please stop that ! You know as well as I that the necklace was intended for Signora B. on the next flat, and your shopman took it to her last night.' **Wbat do you mean? Where an my aiUBond necklaces P» And Mr. X. turned as pal* as a ghost, as bo asked the question. Signom P., equally astonished, told him all that had taken place after fab departure the evening before. ' Oh, heavens ! I have been victimised by a clever swindler !' he-cxclahned. *' Signora, will you kindly accompany me at once to tho shop ? I want you to tell your story to the polioe. smd to put them on tbe track of the aoonndrel'iit once. It may yet be possible to recover the property, but we must be very quick.' Signora P. ungraciously assented, and tbe pair hurried off to the shop with feelings too stormy for words. Mr. X. opened the door, and to his utter stupefaction beheld the 'swindler ' standing at the counter with aome necklaces displayed before him. The jeweller pounced upon him as a tiger upon itsjprey, but tbe young man smilingly pointed to the precious stones, and said : ' There are your necklaces. Now, listen — ' ' Sir, yon are a—' 'Now, do be calm, please, nnd let me Dniah what I baVH to say ; then/you may talk as much as you like. I have to compensate you for the little joke I perpetrated. Tbe fact is I made a bet with Lord 8. that I would go to one of tbe best firms of jnwellersno the West End, and deprive them of the possession of a lot of jewellery for at least one night — of course, solely for the purpose off winning the wager. I huve now scored a brilKant success and won the ?takes: It only remanos for mo to express mr profound thank* to Signora P., whoaoably, if involuntarily,gecoadedmyetforte. I bee the lady will kindly acept tbis bracelet as a aouveiu't of 'A Wager fur Diamonds.' '.'—'Modern Society.' 