N&wa; is BaiBP. EAGLE CIGARETTES are Unrivalled.* Nowra Masons held a ball on Tuesday. A small discovery of gold has been made in Melbourne. . The township of Berry had a rouyh ex perience of bush fires. Miss Rounsvell, Deeming's delight, has Married a rich Canadian. Astronomical authorities are of opinion that we are in for a drought. Mr. Alex. Campbell has been banqueted by his constituents at Kiama. Cholera is raging in Pekin, China, where 2000 deaths are occurring daily. There are 14 butter factories within a radius of 12 miles of Berry. M'Elhone accused Rylstone Fitzpatrick on Tuesday night of having ' an evil eye.' Gambling is still rampant in the streets of Sydney. Evidently the evil is irrepres sible. The annual report of the Victorian rail way Commissioners shows a deficit of £380,000. The Sunday Times has endured more libel actions than any other journal south of the Line. Toby Barton's brother, 'G.B.,' is men tioned as first editor of the projected Aus tralian Times. ' Harding, the English sculler, again de^ feated Sullivan, of New Zealand, over the Westialia runs a State agricultural bank vhich makes advances to settlers on the kecu'rity of. their land. Bush fires up Ku rrajong way have proved very disastrous. Two lives were lost, be -^des much damage done to property. That Mount Rennie case looks blacker daily ; the Government makes no effort to Weigh f/esh test'mony available. The Berry Central Butter Factory was opeiied la*t Saturday. The South Coast ? Company has the sole agency for the butter. M'Elhone fell foul of the Chairuian in the Assembly on Tuesday, and was removed from the Chamber by the Sergeant-at- Arms. A man nsimed 'y7ajsh, an ex-railway ?-employee, shot his wife dead at West Mel bourne on Monday, and then shot himself dead.. ? The motion for the introrluction of the Customs -Duties Abolition Bill was carried -In :the Assembly on Wednesday by 47 votes to 23. 130 more arrests have been made in con nection with the Ku^cheng massacres. In -clude'l amongst these is the leader of the ^Outrage. : ?'' Coinmissioner Eddy protests he never looked for a job, while away. He 'will ac cept that £3000 a year without any increase Whatever. .Speaking on Saturday, Cardinal Moran said Rome invited all to return to hor fold, 'but would nob abandon one jot or tittle of her principles. Messrs. Foley Brothers, the well-known commission agents of Sussex-street, have sop?ned a branch establishment in Tooley jtreet, London. ??. The bush fires have been very general, '^[he experiences in this district nave been ,. bad enough, but they have been far worse ;in some other localities. : The biggest advertising quack ' doctor' 'left the ?' profession' long ago. His pec 5nliar business isnow' carried on by a man r»who has not even the ghost of a diploma. New Zealand is not the happiest land -tinder the siih ; notwithstanding' women's suffrage and other democratic ''experiments. The : rabirriated deficiency for next year is £136,000. ?When the division bell rings the Labor Members file out of the domino room and crowd the Ministerial benches. When the vote is taken thev innocently inquire the joint before the House. If you cannot obtain ' Mvfa Tea' in your dktrict write to D. Mitchell and Co., Clnr ence-st., Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local store keeper. — Advt. Sir George Dibbs has been appointed managing trustee of the Savings Bank of N.S.W. The. 'screw' is /'1 350, and the acceptance of the position will mean Sir 'George's retirement from politics. Lord Kintore, the retiring Governor of . South Australia, in a recent, speech referred to the system adopted by colonial Govern ments of 'paying bonuses upon the export of produce. He advised the British- far- ? mers to demand from the Imperial Govern ; merit that there shall be fair competition ' all round. Great Britain, he added, was -' .{lushing the principle of freetrade too far; 