SONS OF FIRE. BY MrS3 BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley's Saorst," "Tha Fatal Three," "The Day will Oome," "The Doctor's Wife," "Thou art the Man," &o.; OIIAJTER XVII, AT EVENSONG. The windows were darkened at Fondyke. The passing bell had tolled the years of' the life that was done, Bounding solemnly and slowly across the level fields, the deep narrow river, the mill streams and pine woods, the scattered heinlets lying far apart on the great flat, where the sunsets linger late and long. All was over, and Allan had to put aside his own sorrow in order to oomfort hie mother, who was heartbroken at the loss of a husband she had idolized, with a love so quiet and uu obstrusive, so little given to sentimental uttsranoes, that it might have been mistaken for indifference. She wandered about the darkened house like some lost soul in the dim under- world, uuabie to think of anything, or to speak of anything but her lose, ^ho looked to Allan for everything, asserted her authority in no detail. "Let all ba os%e wished," she said to her son. "Let as think only of pleasing hiui. You kaow what he would like, Allan. You were with him so muob towards the last, lie talked to you so freely. Think only of him, and of his wishes." She oould not direst herself of the idea that her husband was looking on at all that hap pened, that this or that arrangement might be , displeasing to him. She was sure that he would wish the sternest simplicity as to the funeral. Hie own farm labourers were to oarry him to hiB grave, and the burial was to be at dusk. He had himself presoribed those two oouditiouB. He wished to be laid in his grave at the set of sun, when the hire- ! ling's daily toil was over and the humblest of '■ his neighbours oould have leisure to follow j him to his last bed; and then he had quoted Parson Hawker's rouohing lines— Sunset should be the time, tbey said, To close their brother*? narrow bed. i 'Tis at that pleasant hour of day Tho labourer treads bis ho neward way. Bis work is o'er, his toit is done; And therefore at the set of sun, To wait the wag g of the dead. We lay our hireling in his bed. Those lines were written for the tillers of the earth; but George Oarew's thoughts of : himself were as humble as if he had been tho ! lowest of day labourers. Indeed, in those closing honrs of life, when the record of » , man's existence is suddenly spread out before him like the scroll whioh the prophot laid before the king, there is much in that com-1 prehonsivesurvey to humiliatethe proudest of God's servants, much whioh makes him who ' faas Ubdbred ttrenucuBly doJpair at the in sufficienoyof the xeault, the unprofitableness of his labour, "flow, then, oould suob » mau' as George Oarew Iwl to perceive his" tin worthiness?—-a man who had Jet life.go by him, who bad done nothing, save by a oareleas eutomatio beneficence, to help or bettor hie fellow-men, to whom doty had been an empty word, and the Christian religion a lifelees formula. j The Squire of Fendyke was laid to Teat in the pale twilight of early hlarch, the winter birde sounding their melancholy evensong us the coffin was. lowered into the grave. The widow and her eon stood side by eide, with those humbler neighbours and dependants clustering round them. No one had been bidden to the funefltl, no hour bad been named, and the gentry of the distriot, whose bouses lay aomowhat wide apart, knew nothing of the arrangements till afterwarde." There were so empty carriages to testify to the decent grief which st&VB; at home, while liveried servants olfer the tribute of solemn feces and blsok gloves. Side by aide Lady Fiuily and hereon walked through the grounds of Fendyke to the churchyard adjoining. The wintry darkness bad fallen gsntly on those humble graves when the last " Amen" had been spoken, and mother and son turned slowly and sadly towards tbo desolate home. Allan stayed in his mother's sitting-room till after midnight, talking of their dead. Lady Emily found a sad pleasure in talking of the husband she had lost, in dwelling fondly upon his virtues, his calm and studious life, his non-inttrference with her household arrangements, his perfeot contentment with the things that satisfied hor. " There never was a better husband, Allan," she said, with a tearful sigh, "and yet I know X was not his first love." JSot his first love. AlasI no, poor soul, mused Allan, when he had bidden bis mother good night, and was seated alone in front of his fatheris bureau, alone in the dead middle of the, night, steeped in tho vivid light of the large reading-lamp, under its spreading silken eh&de;, while all the rest of the room was in shadow, ' * Not his first lore 1 Poor mother. It is happy for you that you know not how near that first lore was to being the last and only love of your husband's life. Thank God yon did not know." Often in those quiet days in the old Suffolk manor house, while his father was gradually fading out of life, Allan had argued with him self as to whether it was or was not bis duty to reveal Mrs. Wornoek's identity with the woman to whom George Carew had ded mated a lifetime of regret, and to give his father the option of summoning that sad ghost out of the past, of olasping onoe again the vanished hand, and hearing the voice that had eo long been unheard. There would have been rap ture, perhaps, to the dying man in one brief hourot reunion; but that hour aould not give book youth, or youthful dreams. There would have been the irony of fate in a meeting on the brink of the grave, and whatever touoh of feverish gladness there might have been for tne dying in that brief hour, its after oonse quenoes would have been full of evil for the mourning wife. Better, infinitely better, that she should never know the romanoe of her husband's youth, never be able to identify the woman he loved, or to infi'ot upon her own tender heart the self-torture of comparison with snob a woman as Mrs. Woruock. For Lady Emily, in bor happy ignoranoe of all details, that early love was but a vague memory of a remote past, a memory too shadowy to be the oause of retrospective jealousy. She knew that her husband had loved and sorrowed, and she knew no more. It most needs be painful to her to identify bis lost love in the person of a lady whom bar son valued as a friend, and to whom her son's fdture wife was warmly attached. Allan had felt, thereforo. that he was fully justified in leaving Mrs. Wornoek's story unrevealed, even though by that silenoe he deprived the man who had loved her of the last tearful farewell, the final touoh of hands that had long been parted. He was full of sadness to-night as he turned the key in the look and lifted tho heavy lid of the bureau at whioh he had eo often seen his father seated arranging letters and papers with neat, leisurely hands, and with that pen sive placidity which characterized all the de tails of bis life. That bureau was the one repository for all papeis of a private nature, the one spot peculiarly associated with him whom tbey had laid in the grave at evensong. No one else had ever written on that desk, or possessed the keys of those quaintly inlaid drawers. And now the secrets of the dead were at the meroy of the survivors, so far as he had left any trace of them among those neatly docketed papers, those pickets of lettersfolded and tied with red tape, or packed in large envelopes, sealed, and labelled. . Allan touohed those packets with reverent hands, glanced at their endorsement, and re placed them in the drawers of pigeon-holes as he had found them. He was looking for the manuscript of whioh his father had told him ; thestorvofa "love whioh never found its earthly close." Yes, it was here, under his band; a thin octavo, bound in limp moroooo, a manuscript of something less than a hundred pages, in the band he knew so well, the email, neat hand that, to Allan's faney, told of the leisurely life, the mind free from fever and fret, the heart that beat in slow time, and bad long out lived the amok alternations of passionate feeling. Allan drew his obair nearer the lamp, and began to read. 