Some Experiences (Of or related by six travellers), noted by " The Loafer." Johnnie finished his account of the business transaction with the " Ilisee maii" amidst groat applause, which was spontaneous enough, but at the same time seemed to leave us somewhat ex hausted, for conversation after a while began to drag fearfully. The truth was we were all getting drowsy. Do not say it was the whisky—it was the heat and the fatigue of keeping off the flies (which were now sticking like glue), and, above all, perhaps, the monotonous monotony that now seemed to pervade everything. It was the west of Queens land : is there any needl to say that the scenery was monotonous ? It was Cobb's coacli on a now blacksoil track —is it at alt necessary to add that the rumbling and joitiug were monotonous ? It was summer time in that delectable region and just before a storm—is it essential to state that the flics were monotonous? Will it be doubted that everything was monotony ? No ! not at all. We have each one experienced these things, and therefore do we know. The others were now slumbering, and, with my thoughts rambling in this way, I soon joined them. How long I slum bered rather than slept I atu not able to say to a nicety, but the reading world would probably feel that something was radically wrong if the period of this happy unconsciousness were not repre sented by the conventional line of *##*## A terrible snort from David opposite recalled me to the land ot reality. I robbed my eyes vigorously, yawned, and then looked at ray watch. It was past noon, and I was becoming alive to a " sensation of emptiness below,'' when my attention was attracted to my sleep ing companions. The sight that pre sented itself was rather more ludicrous than picturesque. David's chest was thrown forward and bis head back, while around the open mouth a swarm of flies gazed spellbound into the mys terious depth like a group of Cook's personally conducteds around the crater of a volcano. To the right his brother Tony was stretched with the grace of an odalisque upon the coiled-up Chinaman, whose face, beaming with a smile celeste, showed that he bore the infliction (about 1G stone I should estimate) with the meekness and patience characteristic of his race. The drover sitting opposite rested his head on his chest. Upon his left shoulder was the "thinking piece" of the cleric, surrounded by a halo of flies, while its owner's hands were below clasped in an attitude of devotion. But it was not the attitude of the performers so much as the performance itself that attracted me—the performance of a veritable quintette in 2-4 time. Of this the Chinaman sustained a much-arpeg gioed and much-trilled air in a shrill falsetto, David the bass, and the parson and Tony supplied tolerably good thirds. The rhythm was perfect, save for the occasional intrusion of a trombone flourish from the nasal organs of the drover. The effect would probably have been beautiful, but, like so many amateurs I know, the performer was somehow or other always about three quarters of a beat behind. (I have got the whole thing in my mind, and intend to arrange it, one day, for a brass band as the " March S'norous or for the bagpipes, as the " Snorers' Fling or German band, as " Slumberlied or for Padreweski himself, as a " Nocturne.") On the trombone performing a run of more than usual originality and brilli ancy, I completely lost control, and burst into a roar of laughter, which awoke the drover, muttering— " Thunder, by Jove !" At that word the coach polled up, and the sudden cessation of that soothing motion aroused the rest. ' " Dear mc," said Tony, " I must have been asleep. The half-way house actually." " I suppose we must lunch here. It's not a first-class hotel, but it's the only half-way house." This was the informa tion supplied by David in reply to the parson's remark that it was past dinner time. " You can't go without all day you know.'' We descended, as every other batch of unfortunate travellers had done be fore us, to be mulcted to the sum of two and sixpence for the pleasure of "dining" with the Cingalese boniface of tbe half way. Headed by the IMns we entered the slab and bark humpy, and arranged ourselves upon the horizontal and very hardwood perch on cither side of the " bush" table. Sans clotb, satis china, sans comfort, cleanliness, ease or elegance, and sans grace, sans everything, in fact, except wooden-handled "cutlery" and tin plates, hard-boiled corned beef, and hard-baked damper, with pannikins of bilious-looking tea, we dined. Sans our half-crowns we retired to the coach to continue our journey, in our hearts try ing to feel " truly thankful for what we had received," but I do not think we were very successful. The sky was now looking very threat ening. and Ben, the driver, in hopes of getting well into the stage before the storm fell and rendered the blacksoil all but impassable, was putting the horses to their best pace. We were undergoing as it were the experience of being churned. " I suppose you find this kind of coaching very rough ?" asked David of the reverend gentlemen, " and very un like what you have been used to ?" " l'cs, it does strike one as being— being somewhat uncomfortable. But then one expects to rough it a little in new colonies of this kind. The colony is very young yet." " Yes," remarked Tony, «we arc barely out of the rum stage yet. David here is very fond of regarding the early days of a colony as the rum stage." he added by way of explanation. " Quite rightly too," said the drover, " I suppose you follow it with the age of whisky ?" " Which is again the immediate pre cursor of the age of civilisation and bottled bee)/' concluded the sage. The cleric nodded, and while admit ting that he had not studied the history of young colonies very exhaustively, he thought that David appeared to have hit upon a very ingenious method of denoting the stages of development. The method would bear analysing he dared say rather more than " The grog," interrupted Tony, with a knowing wink. " Travelling is comfortable nowadays," I ventured to remark, " to what it was only a few years ago, if some of the tales I have heard from the old hands be true." At that instant down went the coach with an enormous bump into a dip, and it seemed impossible coaching could ever have been worse. Indeed it was rougher, longer, more dangerous and precarious," said the drover. "Then the accommodation at some of the wayside inns." " Some of the old shanties could tell wonderful tales."—This from David. " Bushrangers, convicts, murderers, ghosts " " I myself saw a ghost wonst," re marked the drover. Tony said he thought the drover did not look like a superstitious man, and thought his experience would be worth hearing. " Well then, here it is," replied that worthy. " Travelling out west wonst— must hove been near ten years now I put up for the night at the then only hotel in the township of Boolba. A coach started away from that same hotel twice a week towards the west, and, having a long 90 miles to do, it was usual to get away before daybreak. There was no hotel on the road, so the passengers always took good care to have a good tuck in at breakfast. It was a decent hotel—as good a one as you could find in the west in those days, and the bed I slept in struck one as being comfortable enough, though per haps hardly clean for to satisfy such as you, sir (to the parson). I hadn't got to get up for that early morning coach, and so turned in with the idea of taking it out, for I was just a trifle tired. Well, I slept well enough I fancy till it must have been about three o'clock in the morning, when I suddenly hecainc conscious that some mysterious form was hovering around my bed. I woke up with a jerk, but lay perfectly still, clutching at the blanket around my neck. Then I became aware that the sheet xraa gradually travelling down to wards my feet. I am not superstitious, but I must say I did feel a bit scared when I opened my eyes and plainly dis tinguished a tall white figure at the foot of my bed. Recollections of stories of haunted hotels and cold-blooded mur ders of travellers flashed across my mind, and the peculiar sensation ' about the roots of my hair,' which I had so often read about, but never experienced till then was—well, all there. But it lasted only an instant, for I whipt out of bed like a streak of lightning, collared that tall form, and was about to raise the alarm, when a voice, that certainly belonged very much to this world, said, 'Sh-sh-sh boss! No talk loud. Wakee passan, yas. One fellow sheet want um put longa table. Sh!' " 1 ou don't mean that your sheet was the table cloth," said the parson surprised. " only one the establishment possessed, gentlemen 1" We all smiled—the clergyman very nervously. Some of us fancied we had hewd the yarn before. The parson hadn't, and was afraid that he was not at ail favorably impressed with western hotel life. He had heard so many dreadful things. Everybody seemed full of them. Even his bishop had told him, shortly after he landed, that on the occasion of a pastoral visit out west his enquiry for a bath had once been met with the question—" "Will your lordship please to bathe in champagne or water—one is as cheap as the other." He thought at the time it was only one of the bishop's little jokes. " Not necessarily a joke at all," ob served David, out of a cloud of smoke. " Water to my knowledge (in the time of the big drought) was as scarce as bottled beer at least. Maybe you have heard of the story of Judge Winter arriving at an hotel after a dusty drive, and ordering a hip bath, and shewing by a pencil nwk exactly how deep it was to be. The servant remarked, as he scratched his head, that water was very scarce, but he would try what could be done. The judge had his bath, and being in a good temper jocularly declared it ' up to the mark.' In the morning the water was neither so clear uor up to the pencil mark. The judge expostulated with the attendant, who meekly answered, ' Bcdad! and didn't yer worship and the whole household of us have a big drink o' tay last noight ?' "I wouldn't hare wished my name to figure in the calendar that morning." " Dear me !" said the cleric, " is it possible ? It is not at all nice to think about." " Nothing when you get used to it. Wonderful how soon necessity compels even the most fastidious new chum to adapt himself to that sort of thing"— from the drover. " I remember," stated Tony, " driving up to a roadside shanty with my black boy Bob. It was a little shanty kept by an Irishman. I didn't feel like eat ing myself, so I had a seat on the veraudah. I heard Bob make a re mark to the effect that the mutton was — well bad, (It was middle of summer, and meat would be green in a few hours mind you.) I did not feel any more like eating when I heard the Irishman sing out—' There now! Shure wasn't it the priest hisself dined of that very leg three days ago, an' it's not good enough for the loikes of a black divil o' yez !" "Thunder, by Jove!" murmured the drover once more, and this time he was right, for a few minutes after we were in the middle of it. Then came a weary day, mile after mile through the heavy blacksoil, the pace reduced to that of the average snail, aud sucli getting down and dig ging out the coach, and cleaning out of , wheels, and getting up again and ditto repeated every few yards, times ad in finitum.. These interesting operations took up the remainder of the light of that eventful day. Sunset found us stuck fast in a billa bong at the crossing of the much swollen Runaway Creek, and the water still rising rapidly. XlAN N. 