Review. "FROM LIFE." By Wybeet Reeve. Ax appropriate title-to an interesting volume reminiscent of a varied experienc e of life in many parts of the world. As an actor and theatrical manager for a number of years, Mr. Wybert Reeve has had exceptional opportunities of studying men and things, and he is equally at home in depicting life on the stage or with the pen. The articles in the volume before us are racy and entertaining. They are jottings from the author's own experience, mostly theatrical, dressed up with the little dramatic touches which an accomplished actor and play writer knows so well how to introduce. A glance at some of the headings will give an idea of the contents of the book : — " Sidelights from the Stage," "Recollections of Charles Mat hews," "In Search of Lodgings," "Side lights from the Pulpit," " Personal Recol lections of Wilkie Collins," "Ghosts," "A Glance at Galatz and the Bosphorus." " Recollections of Celebrated Actors and Writers" aftbrd some interesting gossip. Among those to whom we are introduced in this way—besides Charles Mathews and Wilkie Collins, who have chapters to themselves—are Charles Keane, G. Y. Brooke, Walter Montgomery, E. A. Sothern, Sheridan Knowles, Madam Titiens, Madam Vestris, Mrs. Kendall, and Henry Irving. Mr Reeve confirms the experience of Colonel Mapleson and others as to the difficulties which mana gers have to encounter from operatic stars. He says — " The queens of song, angelic as they sometimes look on the stage, are anything but angelic off. As a rule they are unreasonable, jealous, and exacting, and ' kings of song* are very little better. My experience has taught me the culti vation of high musical ability appears to encourage the unamiable qualities I have mentioned." In the chapter on "Sidelights from the Pulpit" we get reminiscences of the Revs. Robert Montgomery, J.M. Bellew (father, we believe, of "Curley" Bellew, who was here with Mrs. Brown-Potter), Guthrie, Gavazzi, Dr. Parker, and Spurgeon. The subject suggests some moralizing. The author's ideas about religion are a bit curious; he appears to regard the pulpit from a stage point of view, and wants the preacher to be entertaining and up-to-date. "Why," he asks protestingly, "do so many preachers play out the same old tune, as though knowledge like them selves had stood still ?" As though God were not the fountain of knowledge and of truth, and the eternal verities could be altered to suit the times ! A little con fusion in this article gets things a bit mixed at one part. Mr. Reeve is describ ing an open-air Sunday meeting, addressed by Mr. Spurgeon, where a noted prize fighter cleared the crowd back who were pressing uncomfortably on Mrs. Reeve. The author| concludes — " We dispersed after receiving a blessing, which [ am afraid was not altogether appreciated— certainly not by the gallant champion light-weight. The next time I heard him was at his Tabernacle." Mr. Spurgeon is of course meant, but the champion light-weight is the last person mentioned, and on first glance it would appear as if he were translated to the Tabernacle. One of the most amusing articles in the work is that headed " In Search of Lodg ings." The writer's adventures in this quest were generally more peculiar than pleasing. Some of the stories which are given about ghosts and dogs are like the celebrated Tonga shark story—" a great trial of faith." Some sketches from travel conclude a volume of very pleasant read ing. Mr. Reeve can evidently tell a good story and enjoy a good dinner, and as a. host or a guest would, we imagine, from his reminiscences be equally successful. " From Life" is published by George Robertson & Co., and a cheap edition is now issued. It is certainly a good shil ling's worth. Mile Soup.—A nice dish for children. 2 quarts of milk, .1 saltspoonful of salt, 1 teaspoonful of powdered cinnamon, 3: teaspoonfuls of pounded BUgar or more if liked, 4 thin slices of bread, the yolks of 6 eggs. Boil the milk with the salt, cinnamon and sugar; lay the bread in a deep pie dish, pour over it a little of the milk, and keep it hot over a stove, without burning. Beat up the yolks of the eggs, add them to the milk, and stir over the fire till it thickens. Dp not let it curdle. Pour it upon the bread and serve. Potato Salad.—10 or 12 cold boiled potatoes, 4 tablespoonfuls of tarragon or plain vinegar, 6 tablespoonfuls of salad oil, pepper and salt to taste, 1 teaspoonful of minced parsley. Cut the potatoes into slices about j an inch in thickness put these into a salad bowl with oil ami vinegar, in the above proportions; season with pepper, salt, aud a teaspoonful of minced _ parsley, stir the salad well it is readyto serve. This should'be made 2 or 3, hours before it is wanted for table. Anchovies, olives, or pickles, may be added to this salad. 