An Avenue of Cedars. The Wonderful Roadway That Lends \- From Tohlo to Nikko, in Japan. .""t P 1 1 t, ronil MIIAO or UAOKIFIOENT T6ZE8, lit COS I UiO IH THBIB OSASDSOe. ; Poculiar Ooromonies at tho Funeral of ! a Jtipn.no3o GlrL Tlio Japanese, whon they ontombod, at j Nikko, Xyoyaau, ono of their graastont states- men end heroes, the founder of the Toku- gawa dynaoty of military rulers, whoso power onion to au and only with the revolu- tion of 1G8S, alter lading threo centuries— planted bettor than they know when they built uu slmcBt litrniplit road lions Tokio to the scored ground at Nikko, iinsd the greater. dictanco on either hand with pines and oednre, whoco fragrant breath and giant tops perfamo and shadow the pntn. luiuoo incn 300 yuars have oomo and gene, adding year by year ring growths, till now these forest giants guard the way, roatnro and vigorous, as if ago only nddod to their strength. £hie avenue of ocdars roaches almost forty miles of the way from Tokio to Nikko. I havo soon avenues of oaks at Windsor and Buck ingham maybe two xniloe or over long ; but think of it I a roadway gradud level, about twenty foot vriiiU. curbed at both sides, with living water running, ami with steeply- eloping banks from sis to twelve foot high, end upon these iu an endless profession the great cedaro of Japan. 1 wonder if the world elsewhere can match it. Noble trees impress most people ; with me, never bsfora had I fcit the dignity, tbo majesty, that trees lika these oould givo aa au expression of human emotion. Tha desire which the descendants and successors of the great Iyeyasu had to embody in a fitting way their rovorenoa for hia— to Ihom— godlike powers oould not possibly have been diBylayed tn a grander manner than is soen to-day in this wondorfiil aronuo of cedors. They otxotob along tnila after mile, somathnan only singly in n straight line oloso together, tbo swelling bases quite touching each other, and then tbay stretoh out in couples and triplete. Often tivia trees room to spring from one bill's. Nowhere is tbsra absoluteness of straight line, but everywhere that dolightfnl unbalanced symmetry peonliar to Jojoenese art nnd whioh Nature only touches. Tho seiitirs vary in dinmotsr from two foet to uix feat. The bark is radish, thin and olocu set iu ra'.hor narrow parollsl strips.- Tho trunicG arc straight and uniformly round,- reaching llity to eeveuty.fivo feet in height before branching ranch, and reaohing an altitude of lid to 180 foot. The branohoa etc nnt large ia proportion to tho trunks, so that trees stand close tojeihsr, interlacing their shade. We entered tbie avonue from the railway sialic-n, Uigu no-niiya, at about 3 o'clock ia tha afternoon, having arranged for jin-riki- piinii and extra men to pull us all tha way to Nikko, expecting to reach there bufors dark, but it win nine Je.funoee ri, equal to about twenty-three English mites, and a moderate np- grsdo all the way, and it was nine o'clock at night before wu reached Nikko. Solemn nnd imposing indeed was the shadowed way (luring tha afternoon hours and short i.'.rilight, but doubly solemn ae uigbt settled down, and nothing oould ba diutiiiginciicd. The jiti-riki-sknmcn accrued to fuul their way with thoir foet ; a paper Ian (cm with a tallow candle lighted the space that a firefly would. The hauke of tho zonduT.y were quite nbovo our heads, but one after ci-.other wn aould neo the great trunks of Die cedars leading up till lent in the upper dnrkunus. Every now and then tho " riky " men would startle db by ''lla," then " Sb," " Sorya," the cxinaaaicn of warning, and thon somo gray ghost of a belated traveller would silently slide by. Thon wo would coo gliinmuriug lnntcrus ahund, nnd long alicluhcs of pack-horses loaded with char- ecu), b.iiiu rice and bamboo poles, would go uoiuily by. There was no wind, no insest oouuda. At intervals of two or throe miles wo would come to a large village built on either side of tho road, at whioh point the avenue of ccuarn ccescs, only to oammenoe solidly end uninterruptedly again at tho end of tho village streot. At Nikko tho aveuuo practically ends, and there the largest and oldest of the oedars group thsmnelves in forast-liko luaetes cround the groat Siangan's tomb. a MDAKKSB rOIIJEIUD. _ Tbo eldest daughter of Oiv.ni ICahci, a rich rice rcerohnnt of Yokohama, diod reoontly. IS jcura of age, and 1 witnozsed the funeral pro'cesciou as it passed along one of tho main btrcsts of t-hu uity. It wss nearly s mils in length, and contained probably a thouaand persons, including momnare, frionda, priests nild flnv/er-bsarers. Firet came six great fconqucts or etando of flov/ora arranged in a conical form, each about eight feet high, two feet iu dir.iuotcr nt tlio bottom, tapering to the top. These eon.'ieitod of alternate oiroies of flir.vero and evargreens, and woru alrikiugly elTsctivo iu chnrKctcr. Tha tlom or handle of each wan a gracn bamboo about five inches in dir.toeter, fixed nt the bottom in n some- wliitt ornamental iTocdenbaae. They were car ried braced to shoulder- poloa by ooolios, with relays of mua to relieve thorn occasionally. Following thimo were eix stands of artificial Howard, gilded and silvered; after these the young female relatives and friends of tho cUr,d pir, richly drose.od, each in a jin-riki- oha. Than or.mo 110 less than fifty-two cnor- mono sUnda of flowers and evergreens — suoh r.o first described -borne in pairs, followed by a large number of tsukuri-bnna (crtifloial fiowors). Then cams a solemn- looking " Bhin-kwran " (Shinto priest), who tappod upon a osored drum ; after hiin a number of oaored mosioians in full dress and hats, ploying upon small bamboo fifes. After theso, in jiu-riki-ishcs, n number of Buddhist pricets, with shaven heads, droved in riob- oaiored robc-ii, holding in thoir laps some nymbolio vosselu autitttining rice and other to rae— unknown cuhslancfa, Orer those wrro htld onoroiona orimoon papor nm- Vircllas, earricd by bearcra dromed in white. After tlitco ceme a man holding " Ihoi," a wooden tablet on whioh the name of tha dead girl wc.ii written ; then two men followed with inocnco bur ultra ; then many more stands of fiowors, both natural and artificial. Then cams the body in a plain coffin covered with white, borne high upon u platform, ever which was a oanopy. Then followed the rolutiveo on foot and friends of the decaasnd's parents, and after them tho public. At the cemetery Iraudrodu of bozci) containing ! Hwcctmoats wore given away to the friends, and tea wee nerved to all who wiehed. Muoh ' of the ceremony was unintelligible to me, bnt ee a public spcctaais it wss remarkable. Ouoz one of those iiineraut and persistent | gontleiucn with a uubtoription- bnot kept pre- ocntisg it while old Horace Greoloy was' writing. Horace hod a habit, when any ouo ' would interafcro, of kioking. end so ha kiohed j at the eubooription fiend. Finally, when he oaw that be could not got rid nf the intruder ' by this means, he otopped in tho middle of i a eentonoe, -turned round, nnd said, raspiogly; iu that slirill voice of his : " Wast do you | want ? State it quiolr, and state it in the 1 fowoiit possible words 1" I " Woll," eatd tlio aubsoription fiend, " 1 1 want a snbseription, Mr, Greeley, to prevent 1 thousands nf my fallow human beings from going to hell." Said Mr Greeley : " I won't give you a ' cent. There don't half enough go there now.1' Enamodkd Swais: "ffor you, darling, 'I wed lay uio doun and dec.' " Prnotioal 1 Maidoii : " That sort of thing ie oleir out of ! dale, 'Willie. What a girl wants uaw-B-chtya i ,u a tnqn who iB vrlllina to get up tqd hustis ! tor her." It is always safe to learn even (rem our enemies— seldom st£e to voniura to Instruot oven oar triemla. vmsMsiinarwum—"—"- 