DEADMAN'S FLAT. At Conoble Station in the Lachlan Backblocks, to the north of the Murray and the south of the Darling, before they fenced in the run, Old Cranky was the best shepherd there. He was the most careful with the sheep, he knew most about them, but he was "cranky" without a doubt. He was not very old, perhaps fifty, but when you looked at him you didn't think of his age. He was just a character, an odd character, with something uncanny, something curious, something repulsive, perhaps a little loathsome, about him. The men talked of him a good deal, and said ghastly things. But Old Cranky never had anything to do with any of them. If he did come into the home station and mutter to himself,—" He's got the Darling pea," said the men. For there is a weed on the Darling which makes horses mad. They pet a kind of "staggers," and it is said they never recover. It is something like the locoweed of Western America. And when you say a man has "got the Darling pea," you mean that loneliness and desolation—the heat of the sun, and the cursed sameness of the sunburnt plains; the lack of human society; the lack of all the natural outlets of humanity—have made him less than human, that he is mad. For every country has its " Darling pea," and the demon of desolation will do its work in England as well as on the long, dry, brown plains of Australia. "Better send that five thousand sheep in the big yard out to Deadman's Flat," said the manager of Conoble; "and bring in Old Cranky—let him go with them." So the superintendent sent out another man, who brought back Old Cranky. They made a camp for him at Deadman's Flat, close to a little bunch of dwarf box- trees. There was a waterhole near by, which sometimes lasted nine months of the year, and when it gave out there was a big tank a mile away. They sent him out a tent and "tucker," and left him and the five thousand sheep. He always said he didn't mind being alone, he had got so used to it. What his history was nobody knew; they said he didn't know himself—and that is quite possible in Australia. On those plains in the Desolation, a man may lose himself in more ways than one—lose the thread of his mind—lose his own identity—become just the shadow of a human being, without a name. The water-hole on which he was camped only lasted a month. Then they put him down in the hut by the tank. In some ways he preferred his tent in some ways he preferred no shelter at all. He had got back to a state of animal brutality, which suggested to him that the sky was all the cover he needed all, perhaps, that he deserved. He was a bent, broken- down,yellow-bearded, blear-eyed old ruffian. But parched and choked with the dust as he was, there was still a remnant of the natural desire for a natural life within him. That was why he spent all his money in one long drunk every year. Then he lived again. The alcohol whipped up his jaded mind: he almost thought he was alive ; perhaps he might have told one his real name then, if he hadn't been speechless. But that summer was hot, and hotter still. The yellow grasses burnt in the dust; the cotton-bush was brown; the thick, succulent salt-bush disappeared before his sheep's five thousand hungry mouths; the Flat was desolation. One wondered how the sheep could live upon the sticks; they grubbed for the roots in the dust. One night, after a bitter hot day, that bitterly and hotly prolonged itself into the darkness, some old, dead, dry thought of human companionship, and the desire for it, came into the old man's heart. He laughed oddly and uneasily. He could not go to sleep, but lay down on the stretched sacks that made his bed, and then got up and smoked his pipe of strong Barrett's twist, and lighted his slush-lamp. But the hut was empty, empty, empty ; there was nobody there. And he wanted to talk to somebody ; he was tired of talking to himself; he had talked to himself for years. And somehow the ghosts he talked to had grown dim, very dim, and had faded away, like happy thoughts in utter misery, or even common miserable thoughts, that a man desires to keep hold of in horror and anguish. He went outside and sat down upon the hot ground. The breath of the long suns and the heated plains breathed upon him and choked him even then. The water in his bucket was hot, and the iron handle of it was hot; the dust was concentrated heat. He walked away down towards the tank and drew another bucket. It was cooler, but still very warm. As he came back, he looked almost cheerful for a moment—he tried to make himself believe that he was bringing up water for somebody who wanted it. It made him feel quite happy. But somehow the bucket slipped from his fingers, and the water was spilt in the dust—the dust, that was barren of seed and barren of root, that could never yield either grass or any shrub again. He left the bucket lying there, and walked to his hut with his head bent down, muttering, muttering. He dreamed that night. The next time they sent out from Conoble with his provisions he spoke to the man who drove the cart. " I wish you'd bring me out half a dozen pretty good sacks," he said " and a big needle and some twine." " What for ?" said the rouseabout. " Because I want 'em!" snarled Old Cranky. " He's as mad as hell !" said the man, as he went back to the home station. Yes, he was mad. When the sacks came out to the Flat, Old Cranky was away with his sheep ; but he found them and the needle and twine outside the door of his hut. That night he began a curious task. He ripped the sacks up with his knife, and began to sew them together again, somewhat in the form of a big bag, with a narrow opening at the top and a very wide one at the bottom. Then he took a sack, turned in the corners, sewed them in, and, getting some grass, stuffed the rounded bottom of the sack with it, until it was about as big as a human head. With a piece of the twine he tied it, so that the grass remained there. Then he stuffed the rest of the sack with grass, and sewed it up the bottom. He took a sack, cut it in two, sewed it together again lengthways, stuffed these narrow sacks with grass, and attached them to the other sack in a way that began to suggest he was trying to make something that looked like a body—a human body. Then he sewed on what he had done first, and now it looked like a skirt. He laughed and talked a little to himself. You see, he was not quite alone now ; but he hadn't finished it yet. He got some more grass next day, and completed his monstrous companion. " It was miserable, being alone ; miserable, wasn't it, old woman ?" said Cranky. " But now you've come to stay with me it's all right. I shan't be so damned miserable again !"' and he went about talking in a prattling, idiotic fond kind of way. " So you want some more water, do you ?" and he got the buckets, and went down to the tank and filled them. " Oh, it's flour you want," he would say another time; and whenever he came into the hut and brought anything, he would speak to her. Sometimes he answered for her, and carried on a conversation. He was very fond of her. For a long time Old Cranky seemed more cheerful. The man who brought his rations out reported that the old shepherd was almost pleasant to talk to, and that he had something to say, that his rusty tongue had got looser. "But," said Jack McGill, "he's madder than ever, madder than ever. When I said to him the other day, ' Never knew you jaw so much, Cranky,' he says ' Ah well, yer see, I've got some one to talk to now, Jack '; and when I asked him who he'd got to talk to, he just looked at me and said nothing, but he 'laughed." And so it went on for all the summer. The old shepherd certainly was happier. He used to put the sacks on a seat, and sit by the fire with IT. He put it at the table with him. When he came home he would sometimes sing out, " Hullo, Mary !'" When he went away he said "Good-bye." In this hideous comedy of the tragic Flat he sometimes played at being drunk. He came home and beat her for the sake of making it up. Yes, it was true—he had the "Darling Pea.'' But even in him, in that state of ultimate degradation, when his mind was feculent or foul as mummy-dust, there came times of disgust and self-reproach. For he had a past, and sometimes the past came upon him in dreams. Then he thrust IT away under the bed against the wall of the hut, and sat mopping and mowing like an idiot, at empty space. No, not space ; it was not quite empty, for a far-off memory recreated the shadow of shadows for him. But as the dust-whirlwinds come and go, as the grasses spring and fade, as the water-holes fill and dry up to mud, he came back again to his companion. But as yet he was not too mad to be ashamed. He always locked his hut door; he let nobody inside; but when the summer was gone, his lack of control led others to suspect. Once Jack McGill heard him talking, as he came up, of " Mary," and to " Mary"; and when Jack asked, " Who the blazes is Mary ? " Old Cranky turned on him fiercely and savagely, and told him to "go, and not come shenanicking about there." Jack told the superintendent, and Mr. Gray laughed. "He's always been mad as a hare; but, mad or not mad, he looks after the jumbucks : that's what he's paid for, and I don't care if he's as crazy as Wooloomooloo." But he did get madder and madder. And at last he didn't mind if anybody knew about it. In fact, he had grown lately to believe that it was alive, sensitive, and could suffer and sympathise. The outside and the inside of the world, in his mind, were one ; there was no distinction. He had no criterion to go by; he was of hallucination. And sometimes this ghastly hideous suggestion of femininity became beautiful—as beautiful as some one he had "She had long, solt brown hair," he said "and a sweet smile, and the soft, clinging lips of real love. Her eyes were gentle, and though she was so silent, she could speak to me as one soul to another that knows no speech " He had gone through a long circle— through a long, weary, dusty road, as one might leave the cool plateaux of Monaro and circle round the plains by the Mackenzie and the Bogan, down by the Darling and the Murrumbidgee and the Murray, and come back at last to the hills where the water was pure, where it sang, where the wattles blossomed with their sweet and heavy odour, where the "messmates " gave thick shade, where the sweet grass lived in plenty and coolness and health and hope. He became gentle and kind, as he had been once—as he might have been always but for Death. He spoke gently, as he had done once. It was "Mary, dear " with him now ; his coarseness left him ; his eyes cleared a little ; he smiled. There was something about him that suggested age and an approaching end. lt had something youthful in it, as if he was growing young again. He was living in the past—not now with his horror, but with the dead woman whom he had loved, and won, and lost. She had died while he was away, died in child-birth ; he had neither seen the mother nor the child. They had been buried months before he knew they were dead. It had driven him mad. It had driven him away from the hills into the plains. He had gone to seek nepenthe and found nothing. "If he could only have buried Mary!" he used to say ; if he could have seen her once ere she was hidden from him ; if he could have seen her once ! And now, in this his old age, she was alive again ; her voice was resurgent in his awakening memory. The dead past arose from the tomb, and he was happy. As he went forth with the sheep the morning, and watched them through the day, he thought of his home- coming, and he heard her voice, he saw her move. When he came back she was standing at the door, and her voice greeted him, her lips touched his. As he lay down at night and slept, he slept again in the old house, in the old, old bed. In his dreams he was not alone. But as she had paled and faded when he was gone away from her, as he had thought of her dying when he had learnt that she was dead, so now, in this strange, re-risen life, she began to fade again. She grew weaker, her voice was failing, but there was a strange ring in it. Her eyes grew pathetic, and more pathetic still. He knew that it was Death, that he was not to be sorrowful. He knew that if Death took her it would take him now; and so, at last, this woman died again. But this time he was with her. He saw her, he touched her, he bowed his head upon her shoulder. She kissed him, before her eyes closed for ever. And then he fell insensible upon the floor. When he came to himself it was midnight. For a moment he thought he too was dead. All things seemed so strange. He knew he had a task before him still. He took a shovel and spade from the corner of the hut, and went out into the scrub among the tall salt-bushes—and he dug a grave. Then he in his arms, and bore it out in the ariness with the tears running down his withered face. He laid it in the shallow trench he had dug, and covered it; and upon the freshly moved earth, that was yet dry as dust, he sprinkled dust again. He went back to his hut knelt by his bed, and as he knelt some the old belief came back into his soul. After all and through all, through the bitter and hideous misery of it, there was some light—perhaps of good. He prayed, and there was a light upon his face. But when the light of morning looked upon it, he was dead. MORLEY ROBERTS. God builds His temple in the heart of the ruin of churches aud religion.—Emerson. 