YOUNGER METHODISM. ; Sermon by Rev. J. E. Moulton. 1 CONVERSAZIONE AT NEWTNGTON. The service and conversazione held at Stanmore on April 5th, were attended by a large number of the younger adult members of the Church in the city and suburbs. There were present also the Revs. W, Clarke, J. Woolnough, W. W. Rutledge, George Brown,' D.D., B. J. Meek, R. Bavin, G. T. Baker, J. Col well, Dr. and: Mrs. O'Reilly, Messrs. A. H. Lucas, M.A. B.Sc., John Fletcher, P. Morley. The President of the Conference wrote expressing his sympathy with the gathering, and interest in the guild, and regretting his inability to be present. The service was held in the Stanru- ire- Church, and conducted by the Rev. -I. E. Moulton, president of Newington College, and the Rev. J. Spence, ex-President of the Conference. The Stanmore choir led the service of praise, the hymns being the' first part of John Wesley's noble paraphrase of the Lord's Prayer, Mr. Bunting's beauti ful lyric, ' Blessed are the pure in heart*' and the Te Deum. the sermon was preached by the Rev. J. E. Moulton, with special reference to the 'Guild to be formed later in the evening. John xvii., 3, . gave the theme for a most appropriate dis? course — the preacher's translation Jof his , text reappearing like a refrain as the sermon proceeded, added to the freshness and pug- ; gestiveness; of the exposition : . ' This is ihe Life of Eternity, ihe getting to know God,-, and Jesus Christ whom Thou has sent.' i The words, he said, were spoken on one of the most solemn, if not the most solemn of : all occasions in the history of the world. The great Son of God was about to go to His Father, and in a wonderful and im pressive way spoke to Him in the presence of His disciples, much as Moses had spoken with God on Sinai in the ears ot the people. If there were ever a time when we might, expeot to be rent asunder that veil wijich separates the mortal and the iunnorial, it was then. Jesus had proclaimed Himself to be the Resurrection, able to open up tliSt undiscovered bourne whence none but Him self had returned. The life of eternity is seen from the text ; to be intellectual. We are to have a body, at any rate analagous to that wbioh we now use — there will be raptures of . seeing, ecstacieB of hearing. The laws even of attenuated matter seem to warrant the thought that we ? do not speak merely, in metaphor, when we say that He that sitteth ? upon the throne shall feed His people. There will also be the life of the spirit, the ineffable life. But these will be adjuncts : the life of eternity is to be a life of thought. What a contrast here to the teaching of other creeds 1 The text has a message especially for thiB age, which has opened up new powers of thought, and brought the life of thought within reach of increasing numbers. One wonders how men of sense can take up the pagan creeds. The intellect could never be satisfied with Brahminism, teaching self-annihilation and absorption in the Divine, or with the Buddhism which sings of the future life — ?' The dew is on the lotus !— Rise Great Sun ! And lift my leaf and mix me with the wave, , On mani padme hum, the Sunrise comes 1 The dewdrop slips into the shining see. 1' The life of eternity is a life of conscious thought. And a life of progress — a getting to know. It is contrary to the whole analogy of nature to suppose that man on entering the spirit world will become possessed of the solution of all the enigmas of eternity. It would be disastrous to our highest life if we should think there were before us no further height, no greater depth. Rising higher, sinking deeper, thinking more, feel ing more — this is to be the life of eternity. And how joyous will be this life 1 Is there joy like that of obtaining fresh knowledge ? What a passion we see for that which is new, the new theory, the new book : fresh thoughtB come to us as a sweet water. Who did not know of Archimedes and his joy on the disoovery the law of displacement in fluids ? And Sir Isaac Newton, seeing after long research, with prophetic vision the daws of his conclusion as to the great law of gravitation, could not for very joy pro ceed, but called another to work for him. I think how one of our Tongan pupils, work ing out a progression and finding his own formula, was overcome with delight. Such times are moments of eternity. Then the subject matter 'of the know, ledge : God in creation, J esus in redemp tion. There is no other way to know God than through His works. We mount up through various paths. One path is Astro nomy. What would the Bible have been, if written ia these days, when Chemistry and Biology have placed in the back ground Astronomy, which is so often present on the second page? It was this path that the ancients trod. What an occupation for eiternity, to sit beside the great river of meteorites that crosses the heaven, to study the mysterious law binding the motions of the three Btars in the Great Bear. And God may be studied in Geology. The traces of His finger can be found iu the strata. See how carefully manufactured is the atom in the limestone cliff. See also the apparent recklessness of God in allowing millions of cubic miles to be slowly and carefully con structed, and then swept away by some convulsion. And God may be studied in Biology. There we see how, sometimes by evolution and sometimes by creation, the f61-inlt)ss amoeba has gradually developed into a higher organism, and how God has led the animal creation from plane to plane up to the level of the human race. Multi tudinous are the pathB that lead up to God. And then the study of Jesus iu Redemp tion. Go to the beginning, and see how the idea of Redemption spread and widened out, flowing through the nations in many streams, by-and-bye brought together when the Redeemer appeared. Let us study Christ on the cross, the wondrous descent into Hell and the victorious Resurreotion. We can see, too, our own life portrayed, can see how minute events, long forgotten, were the finger of God to direct us. The study of History is the study ot Redemption, of God'B wihning us, in spite of ourselves, from misery. The text throws a light on the worship of the future life. That will not be a mono tonous round of hymn and psalm, but will be intelligent. The worship is to be ever a new song — the result of 1 getting to know.' A new discovery calls forth a .new expres sion of emotion. The vigour gained in this life ,by intellectual trials, will then be exerted in various directions, and when some new discovery of God bursts upon the mind, we shall turn to the throne, not to sing as blase , not as those who sing an anthem learnt by rote, but to offer a new song from the heart. There are depths of feeling in our hearts ef which we are not ordinarily conscious: only occasionally is the great deep broken up. When Peter the Hermit preached the Crusade at Clermont a tidal wave of emotion swept over the multi tude, and they cried, 'Deus vult,' God wishes it.' That was a moment of eternity. If this is to be the life of eternity it can be lived on earth. Many are spending their lives in getting to know God in Creation and in Redemption. Note the connection between the two. I am speaking to many who are aocustomed to . mathematical cal culations, and they kuow the all import ance of the vinoulum, binding terms together. We muBt emphasise the connec tion in the text, ' to know God and Jesus Christ.' There are on the one hand those who know God in oreation, but have not arrived at the A B C of the knowledge of Him in redemption : only by saving faith in the person of Christ can their knowledge be made complete. And on the other hand there are some who boast of reading no other book than the Bible ; they, also, are wrong. Then He who knew the arcana of thb spiritual world has revealed to us the nature of its life. We may then ' Unite the pair so long disjoined Knowledge and vital piety.' You will see at once that the guild we in augurate to-night is projected on these lines, nor can we have a better motto than the words of our text. While we shall on the one hand endeavour to penetrate into the mysteries of Creation as far as soience has revealed them, we shall on the other hand encourage one another to advanced knowledge of Jesus Christ the Redeemer. And this will be not simply intellectual knowledge. Experience has Bhown in the guilds of the old country, that one outcome of the meetings has been a knowledge of redemption on its practical side, gained through work among the sorrowful and the sinful in the slums of the great cities. Doubtless that will be the case here with us also. Then in launching our guild let us invoke the assistance of the Holy Spirit, who, though not mentioned in the text, is of its very essence, and in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, set up our banner. After the service the congregation ad journed to Newington College, and the large hall was speedily filled with a repre sentative gathering of younger members of the Church. Rev. C. J. Prescott, M.A.,. then intro duced the business of the Guild. He was glad to be able to address so large a gather ing. Much had been gained in bringing the. younger members of the Church to hear the sermon just delivered. The objects of the Guild they were to form had been hap pily expressed already, — , ' Unite the pair so long disjoined, Knowledge and vital piety.' The younger members of the Church felt the need of guidance on intellectual ques I tions, and an association such as that pro mised to be, should be welcomed. It was a happy idea that had caused to be placed on I the dais the engraving of John Wesley that he found at his side. John Wesley was a man of wide reading and many-aided cul* ture. Principal Fletcher, whose portrait hung opposite, had often referred to that aspect of Wesley's character. If it were ! true that the spirits of the departed visited j those living on earth, then Wesley might j well be smiling upon the inception of the Guild. Mr. Prescott then read the constitu tion that had been drawn up by the com mittee and circulated. The President said that members would be enrolled, and that they would then pass their constitution, the other visitors being invited to take part in the diBoussion and help with suggestions. The formation of the Guild was unani mously resolved upon, and the objects of the Guild were defined as suggested by the committee. Discussion followed the read ing of clause 4, an amendment being moved by Mr. R. P. Sellors, B.A., to the effect that the Dean of the Guild be, ex officio, the President of the Conference. Revs. W. Wools Rutledge and James Woolnough wished to see some bond between the Guild and the Church. A suggestion from the Rev. G. T. Baker was put to the meeting and carried, — ' That the Dean be the Presi dent of one of the Wesleyan Colleges ' The remaining olauses were left for consideration at the next meeting of the Guild. Mr. 0. BaFidler, B.A., was requested to act as secretary pro. tern and fifty of those pre sent were enrolled as members. The meet ing then dispersed for refreshments, and the remainder of the evening was spent in social converse. We know of nothing more nourishing or better for Children than Abbott's milk ABBOWBOOT BISCUITS. 