NOTES FROM. VA 1UOUS SOURCES A biographical sketch of Grovor Cleveland, President of tho United States, whose jlngoistio message to OongreBS has oaused aueb a pother, appears in Scribncr't Magazine. Aooording te thia notice, whioh. i. written with a strong friendly bias, Cleveland was born- in Caldwell, N.J.', 18tli March, 1837, his fathor being d Presbyterian clergyman. When the future President was 4 years old hie father removed to Fayetteville, N.Y. Hero tho lad found employment in ' the " general store " at 60 dol. 'a yoarj sweeping and cleaning out, opening and olnsing the store, and waiting on ouetomers. Young Cleveland's odueationtso farae itjwent, was completed at Clinton, N.Y. In. his seventeenth year h. becamo a ol.rk and an assistant teacher in the New York Institution for the Blind. In 1855 hn atarted west to seoure more luorative employment, but was in duced to stop at ButTnlo. He was soon at work in a law office, as clerk and copyist, at 4 dot. per week. Two yeats later he was admitted to the Bar, retaining for some time his olerkship, first nt 600 dol. a year, then at 1000 dol. In 1863 lie was choson Assistant District Attorney of Erie County, in 1870 Sheriff 'of the county, In 1881, by a union of Republicans, Demo crats, Independents and " Reformors," he was elected mayor of Buffalo. In his inaugural he said: "The affairs of tho oity should be conducted as far as possible upon the same principle as a good business man manages his private oonoerns." Pursuing this polloy ha soon became known as the "Veto Mayor," sav ing the oity muoh money, it is averred, by his fearloss use of the negative. In 1882, by the support of the same elemonts which cleoted him mayor, Mr. Cleveland was triumphant in hi. canvass for tlio govcrnorsldp. As Governor ho praotised a strict Jeffersonian simplicity, keep ing no e.rrisgo and living within hi. offioial salary. Hia subsequent nomination for the Presidency, and hi. election by the Demooratio party, aro within tho knowledge of .11 readers. Tlie following " Pedigree of Patriotism " appeared in tho Irish Daily Express of a rcoent date : — Tlie Young Irolamlorp killed O'Connoll, The Fenians killed the Ydung lrclanilers. Butt kilfod tlio Fenians. Parueli killed Butt. Ilonly killed Parnoll. Dillon killed Ilealy. Who will kill Dillon? But is Healy quits " killed " yet? He is ostra cised— not doad ; not even, a. he insists, badly scotched. Tho Duke and Duohest of Marlborough left New York on Saturday, 16th November, in the Eulda, and the Amerioan reporter sends very full details of the parting so.ne. Thoy reached tho pier about 10 o'olock, acoompaniod by Mrs. Vandorbilt and others. Twenty minutes later Mr. Vandcrbilt arrived. While they wero on the deck of the steamer a singular inoident occurred. The Duke and Duchies w.r. tnlking witli Mr. Vsnderhilt, when Mrs. Vandorbilt, not notieing that hor former husband was iu tha party, left her- group and camo towards the Dnke. Suddenly she saw Mr. Vanderbilt, looked him in the face, and remarked, " Good morning, Mt. Vanderbilt." Ho raised his hat, but made no reply, and then turned away and left them. This is the flrst word that has passed hotwe.n Mr. and Mrs. Vanderbilt sinco the latter was granted a divorce a few months ago. ' Tho heir to tha Caliphate and tho Turkish throne is not, as somo papers havo stated, the nephew, hut the younger brothor, of tbe reigning Sultan, Abdul Hamid. This prinoe, Mahmud Resohid, is the son of Sultan Abdul Mejid, and is now 51 years of age. Iu Turkey the succes sion passes to the eldest malo representative of the dynasty in the direct line, and this position is held' by Resohid, if the unfortunate ex-Sul- tan Murad V. is to be oxolnded by reason of his mental infirmities. Mahmud lives, in great retirement nnd under close aurvoillanoe, in the Tcliingan Palace, in Constantinople. He has two wives, both well- 1 educated ladies, who apeak French, German and Engliab. Tha prinoa himself is desoribed by thoso who know him as an intelligent man, 1 witli soma aoquaintanc. with western oulture. He has a knowledge of muBio, and devotes a good deel of his timo to the reading of French magazines and novels— not, perhaps, the beat training for S possible' Sultan. He has wisely kept himself entirely aloof from political intrigues, hut is believed to have reforming id.aa, and to be in favor of the Midhat Coniti- tution. . Madame de Navarro, better known to the present generation as Miss Mary Anderson, con tributes to the North American Review an interesting and chntty article on The Girlhood of an Aotress, in which ahe narrates how she grew to adopt the stage as a profession. It was an> old one-volume edition of Shakspeare that did it. The first set spc.ob she ever declaimed was out of Hamlet, and her first appearance as an actress in public or private was in the oharaoter of that melancholy prinoe. "On. night," Bhe say r, "the family were surpri.ed to soe me enter the parlor enveloped in one of Dr. Griffin'e army cloaks, I was scowling tragically, and at onco began the speech Angels and ministers of grace defond us ? Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damned, - my version being, Angels and minstrels of graco defend ns ! Bo thou a spirit of health or goblin's dame. The latter innovation was mado to evade having on my conscience so sinful a 'swear' as damned. Those present, seeing the drift of my entrance, burst into laughter at the droll littlo figure with its muoh bepowderod face. Feeling thia to bo disrespectful, I indignantly quitted the room, falling over the cumbersome oloak in what waa meant to he a majestio exit. Cer tainly a very unpromising flrst appearance in tlie bard's great masterpiece !" At that time the Anderson family was blesitd with but little of this world's goods, and Miss Mary was taught to help in tho kit chen. " In a few mouth. I could cook an ex cellent dinner when called upon. I remember sitting by tlie fire with a basting spoon (to be Used on a turkey) in ono hand, and Obarlea Reade's Put Yourself in His Place in tlio othor. The Winter's Talc, Julius Ciesar, and Richard the Third were also read as I sat by the. kitchen fire baking bread. The theory that it is impossible to do two things at once did not appeal to me. I felt certain. that no one could enjoy tho poot's Inspiration more than I, and at tlie same time turn out a better loaf. Thankful I have always been for tho knowledge of those useful arts— whioh I think every girl should piaster — as tli.y are wholesome both for inind and body." The kitchen wa. occasionally forsaken for a Saturday night visit to- the Louisville Theatre. She studied hard, and at la.t had the proud satisfaction of gaining the approval of Mr. Woud and Miss Cushinan, then leading mem bers of the theatrical profession iu tho United States, Tho former greeted her as tho American Raohel, and the latter'a advice persuaded Mrs. Anderson to allow hor daughter to seek fortune ' on the stage. Of Miss Oushmnn Madame de Navarro sneaks nntlinsisetiaaily, nnd rnsnent. ing hsr demeanor says "Indeed, I never saw suoh olinrm and dignity until years after, at Westminster Abbey, when, celebrating lier golden Jubilot, Queen Victoria, with one sweeping ourtesy, acknowledged with majestio graoo the presenoe of the' assembled multi tude." M. Orfsttl, police commissary for ono of the districts of Paris, lias been the recipient of a strange complaint A pretty and stylishly dressed young woman called upon .him and .aid " I live at Moutmartro with my husband; who ia a tradesman. I have eome to give information' that ha has tried to have 'me murdered. Last night two of his friends were hidden iu.tho wardrobe of my bedroom. They were armed, and I am certain they intended . to kill me." The lady was evidently in a greet state of excitement, and this was all that could.be got out of her. - M. Oraatti went round to the address given, and there obtained information which put a rather; different complexion on the affair. The husband frankly admitted that ho had concealed the men in the wardrobe. It was, howovor, ho Baid, merely that they might be witnesses to what bis wife said in her Bleep. She was in tho habit of talking in her sleop, aud addressing some man whom ahe oalled "Oaai- mir" in terms of endearment. Ho wanted to have the witnesses in case his wife should make revelations ot a nature to lie useful in the divorce court. The faot that the lady wont to the wardrobe just before going to bed, to get a handkerchief, spoilt the little plot. The Com misssry, in tlieao . oltoumstanoes, .. -declared that lie oould do nothing. A laughing black man, who was found the othor day in a gentleman's house in a London suburb, and conlil give no explanation of his presenoe became of eevcre fit. of laugbtorwhloh oonvulaed -his- frame, .was,, says IAayd's, brought borore the beiioh lit Ha'rlcsdeni Ho had been in tho workhouse a w.ok, nnd during that time he had done nothing but. laugh. Not a word was got out of bim in tho interval. Ho laughed continuously from morning to night. At rrenl times ho swallowed liis skilly like lightning in order that ' his mirth might be interrupted as. little as possible. Ho went to sloen, his sides shaking with laughter, nnd in tbe morning tlio moment he opened his eyes his capacious mouth wronthed itself with amilos. His nemo was given as Stanley Austin, but that was a intra guess. It is sad to reflect that tlie only man who finds existenoe a source of porpetual laughter has been certified by the prison doctor to be insane. When he takes moro gloomy views of life ho will no doubt ho liberated from the asylum. , Papers brought to Vancouver, British Columbia, by tlie mail steamer from China con tain ssnsational accounts of 'tlio murdor of the Queen of Corea. It is said that tho quoen was Imng up by tho hair ot her head and compelled to submit to terrible indignities. Her hands And feet were tied, and she waa then dipped in oil and burned to death at the rear of the palace. The fire was kept up till hor body woa literally reduocd to ashes. # Thirty attendants of tlio queen were also butolicrcd. Tho papers furthor assert that 15 native \yomen of title wero killed with the quoen, nnd that tlie bodies of sovaral men and women were burned. Thero has juet been discovered (says SI. James's OazelU) n gold field whioh is calculated to produoo qualms in the breasts of Mr. Barney Barnnto and other South African millionaires ; for tho naw auriferous area ia boundless in extent and offers an unlimited yield. It will surprise tho unsophisticated to learn, that the ocean around our shores teems with the precious metnl. The ap paratus by moans of whioh tho .gold is to be extracted from the jaws of the deep con sists of a dynamo connected 'with a dopoeiting cell, whioh is lowered into the sea. By tho simple process of the current pnssing through tho cell the " gold " is deposittd in a mercury trough j tho . mercury is afterwards removed, and it is a vory simple matter to extract tho metal by moans of hont or otherwise. Needless to say tlie iuvontor is an Amarican the stolid brain of tho Britisher has over been incapable of such stupendous strokes of genius. The apparatus has boon tried for somo timo past off tho old Chain I'ior at Brighton, and the not result up to date would hardly auffioe to pay for a return tioket to London-on-Sea. Tho scheme has certainly the merit— shall we say of simplicity? The recent .death .of Mario Diichcsac de Pomar and Dowager-Countess of Caitlinoss de- prives cosmopolitan sooioty of ono of its roost picturesque members. A Spaniard by birth, being t|io daughter of San Jos6 de Mariategui, she married early in llfo a distinguished and wealthy compatriot, hit Excellency the Count 'de Medina Pomar. Becoming a widow about a quarter of a century ago, nlio married, as his second wife, tho fourteenth Earl of Caitli noss, who died in 1882. Hor ducal title was conferred by tho Pope during tlie carl's life, time, nnd ia inherited by tho son of hor first marriage, a gentleman not unknown in tlio by paths of litoraturo as tho author of certain piquant personal Bketolies. Tlie Duohesao de Pomar was remarkable for her eccentric adop tion of - spiritualism, her patronnge of musical artistes and her. gorgeous dis- play 6f diamonds. She firmly bolievad herself to be a reincarnation of Mary Queen of Scots, and tradition asserts that slio once passed a night in Holyrood Palace in order to meet tho ghost of her . former self. Hor hotel in tlio Avenue. do Wagram was a mooting place for colobrlties of all aorta— Royal, literary, Catholic, Protestant and spiritualistic. At one time the Countess of Caithness was an ardent patroness of Madame Biavatsky and tlie Theosopliists. Among the Now Year honors (says a London correspondent)' will figure tho names of two members of. : Parliament who have rendered signal service to commerce. Sir Donald Curric will reoeiva a peerage, while a similnr distinc tion will bo offered Sir John Pender. Sir Donald is the head of the firm that owns the Castle Lino of Bteamers. In 1875 ho earned the gratitude of the country by the promptitude with whioh ho supplied steam vessels to couvey troops and stores to tho seat of war in South Afrioa. Ho has sat for Partbiihiro since 1880, and might have been a baron 10 years ago, for Mr. Gladstone, was . anxious to confor that honor upon his gonial host. Sir Donald, who 1ms been tho maker of his owu fortune, is popular with sailors as well as with politicians. He held Weat.Perth- ahire for the Unionists nt the last election by a majority of nearly 300. Sir John Ponder is woll known in tho city. For many yenrB ha was a merolmnt in Manohostor, and lias lately been a lending promotor of schemes of ocean tele- grnpliy. His oonildaneo in the original Atlantio cable was lieroio and hna well repaid him. He ia- the Liberal-Unionist member for tYick DiB- Iriot, a neighbor of the Prime Minister ia Arlington-street and a director of many com panies. Mr. Spielmann, in .his amusing History of Punch, ju'st published by Messrs. CasBoll and Co., writing' of somo of tlie contributors to tho famous comio, says " A'Beokett's wit was exceedingly nimble, and as a consequence ho was a faoile punster. Ono of his liappiost jokes of tho kind has heon set on record. When tho election of Louis Napoloon appeared likely, tlio policy of Punch iu respect to it was anxiously disousBed at the' table. Ono of tlio staff— Thackeray most likely— declared that it would he wisest to be indefiuito. 'Nonsense,' said a'Beckett, 'if you're not definite, you'd hotter be dumb in it !' " Lord Playfair has contributed to a foreign publication an artiolo entitled Waste Pro. ducts Made Useful, in whioh he mentions many eurioua and interesting foots, but' none moro curious than tho one here given. " Of all living things rats aaem to be among the most repulsiva ; and when dead what oan be thoir use? But even they are tho aubjeots of production in industrial i. arts. Iu Paris there is a pond surrounded by walls into whioh nil dead carcases are thrown. A large oolony of rats lias been introduced from the catacombs. The rata aro most useful in clearing the flesh from the bonas, leaving a clean polished ekoleton, fitted for tho makers of phosphorous. At tho base of the wall numerous shallow holes are scooped out just sufficient to contain the bodies of tho rots, but not their tails. Evory three months a grsat battue takes place, during whioh the terrified rats run into tho holes. Parsons go round, nnd catching tho extending tails piteli the rats into bags, and they are killed at leisure. Then begins BMSKsfseturf.. The furfv «ahsM fiad« » ready sale. The skins make a superior glove — the ganl de rat— and are speoiallyv usod for tho thumbs of kid gloves because the akin of tho rot is strong and elastic. Tin? thigh bonos wero onoe valuod as toothpicks for clubs, but are now out of fashion ; while the tendons and bones are boiltd up to make the gelatine wrappers for bon bons. " "Hebe," in tha Gentlewoman, records a Dickons anecdote told- her by an American friend. A "Walter Seott " party was once given by a well-known Boston family, and an invitation waB sent to Oliarlea Dickens, who happened to be staying in their little oity of oultnro at the time. Every guest was ask4d to appoar in the cliaraoter of one of Soott'a most famouB heroes or heroines. Tlio excitement as to whicli oharaoter might he chosen by Dickens was at its height on tlio eventful evening, when, to the surprise of everybody present, in walked the novelist in simple evening dross. "I eliould liko to know,", said the- host, " whioh hero you mean to 'represent."' "Why, sir, replied DIokons, " I am n oharaoter you will find in any ono of Scott's'novels to bo named. I am tho ' gontlo reader.' " 