HI! HI! HI! A POLITICAL MAGIC LANTECH, Lecture by H.P. TOPICS OF His OWN TIME. HIGHLY interesting magic lantorn lecture was delivered at An- nandale on Thursday evening last. The on- tertainment took place at tho residence of Sir Henry Parkes, K.C.M.G., and author of the celebrated pocra " Stella." There was a small but very select gathering to hear the veteran statesman of tho Antipodes lecture upon " Topics of My Hown Time." Admission by invitation only. Tho audience consisted chiefly of members of the " Left" (badly left) in Parliament, Sir Henry's pot cockatoo, our Artist, and a representative of the Bird o' freedom. The entertainment opened punctually at 8 o'clock in the evening, and adjourned for refreshments at frequent intervals there after. Prior to tho. raising of the curtain a number of papers were handed round among the audience. The papers were entiled, " Examination for Qualification of an Elector." Tho following questions were asked : — 1.. Whom do you consider the greatest Aus tralian Statesman? 2\. Who is the greatest living poet? S. Who is best oaloulated to lead tho Federation movemont? 4\. Do you sound your 'aitohoa? If not, why ? 5\. Do you advanco money on LO.U.'s ? If not state reasons. 6\. Have you ever met John Daviea ? What do you think of him? 7\. Are you in favor of a Dead House? 8\. Have yon read " Fifty Years of Faking Australian History ?" 9\. State what you know about the Kiama ghost in tho light of ' tho laws of horeditary in fluences. ' 10. How do you account for the faot that Yarney Parkes threw up a good billet on tbo Public Works Committoe ? After the andienco had been given time to digest tho foregoing paper, the Great Veteran who divides with Carbine the honor of being the oldest object of public interest now alive, ascended the platform. His appearance was the signal for deafening applause, and our artist took advantage of tho opportunity to get in a fancy sketch of Parkes under the influence of applause. It will be noticed that the old man ac cepts tho tribute of popularity with the air of one who, having absorbed all the Cosmos into his Ego, considers himself entitled to the worship of all mankind. In other words, he has become all " Hi." I" Friends," bogan Sir Henry in an im perious squeal, " I am proud and happy to address you this evening." (" George Roid be damned, George Eeid be damned," shouted the cockatoo in a precisely similar voice.) The old man stopped and putting out his forefinger affectionately scratchod cockio'b head in approval. Then turning again to the audienco he resumed, "Hi ham pleased friends and fellow-electors to have an opportunity of addressing you upon 'The Topics of my Hown Time.' I need 'ardly Bay that I will deal more par ticularly with the topics of the present time." (Hear, hear.) ("The present period," interrupted the Cockatoo, " is fraught with groat dangah to the country.") "Precisely so, precisely so," said Sir Henry. " This intelligent bird ha9 heard me rehearse that speech so often that he has learnt it by heart. But the words are true. The present period is one of great (complications and climaxes. The honly man now alive now capable of taking the 'elm of State and steering the public ship straight into the Hinsolvent Court is, Hi need ardly say, the man who now Btands before you. But Hi, alas ! ham elbowed : int a painful and underpaid obscurity by Here the old man, after fumbling with the magic lantern slides, threw the follow- mg picture on the sheet : , A voice from the audience : " You've put him on hi3 head, Sir Henry !" Sir Henry looked at the sheet again, and perceiving that he had got the slide in : wrong side up, began to laugh in a thick, apoplectic fashiou. "So Hi see. So Hi see. 'Ow funny. Well, we'll hacccpt it as a liaugery or a homen. (Cheers.) It is a direct indica tion from above that Hi ham shortly to ! turn the Hupstart on his 'cad. (Cheers and laughter.) The character of an Hupstart, friends, iB one on which I do not wish to dwell." (The cockatoo, solto voce : " No books in 'is 'oubb ; no books in 'is 'ouse." Sir Henry continuing " Yes, my frionds, the Hupstart keops no boots in 'is 'oust. He ' has not oven read ' Stella !' (Groans). "The next picture I will show you is ' that of a ' Perjured Rag.' " Hero Sir Henry threw the following ' picturo on tho sheet — (Excitement and Bhuflling of feet among the audience). The Grand old Borrowor, turning round, perceived that he had made a mistake. " Hi have mixed tho slides friends," said he in some confusion ; " that is not the picture I want to put on. Hi can't find it just at preseut, but you can see it for your- selvos in King-street any day. Hi may Btate, in confidence, that the next time a representative of that perjured rag ap pears upon these promises Hi shall hin- form him, with all tho dignity of which Hi ' bam capable, that Sir Henry Parkes is not at 'ome. " The next picturo which Hi will display is that of one of my most esteemed friends. "Hobserve bira, frionds. He is overy! hincb a man. (Sensation.) There was a time when Hi, like many others, ranged myself in Hopposition to that man. Hi ham deeply sorry for it. He has been wronged through our short-sightedneBs." (To tho reporters : " Are you putting it all down ?") "Well, it will be my most anxiouB wish when Parliament re-assembles to extend the holivo branch of friendship, to' Sir George Dibbs. I 'opo to umbo common cause with him against tho traitor, Hup start, who has euchred mo bout of my rightful duo, and who, now that I am old and out of power, goes gallivanting around tho country, blowing on that toy of mine own making — the Federation trumpet. That trumpet, belonged to me (bore the lecturer Bhed tears), and in my hold ago it was a dastardly act to doprive me of it. . Had Hi been allowed to. bring Federation to an issue, hall I would have asked the Federated Parliament for myself was a Dead 'Ouse wherein to lay my aged bones. (Sobs and cheers). " Hi . ham not an avaricious or over- hambitious man. Hns long as I can hold \- the first place in the'eountry I do not care what happens. I can always find a refuge) in the Hinaolvont Court when Hi ham 'ard pressed. ' The Cockatoo -. "When Hi landed in chis country Hi oniy had sixpence in my pocket, but Hi borrowed " Here Sir Henry made a grab at tbo cockatoo to shut him up, but the bird .. angrily turning round caught his master by the finger, and the following shadow flitted across the sheet. Thoro was a considerable row, iu which a lot of profanity was uttered, but whether by the veteran or the cockatoo no one pre sent could tell. Anyhow, tho over-sagacious pot was finally subdued, aud Sir Henry closed tho entertainment by calling for " three chcerB for Parkes and the Queen." 