LIKE & UNLIKE. | B t x. a. BK&BDorr;, Author of ' Lady Audrey's Secret,' 'Wvllabd's Weird,' Etc., Etc. The Bight of Translation is Reserved CHAPTER XXXIX.— A DECIDED CASE OF DBY- ROT. After that brief conversation with Colonel l)cvcrill in the billiard-room, Valentine Pel Held withdrew himself still more from the society of bia fellow men. Kvcn his appear- ; ence in the hunting ficM became spasmodic. He was rarely seen at tbe meet, but would Contrive to fall in with the hounds about the middle of the day, and would ride till the snub Jikc a modern Zanmi, or an » or ucr demoniac character, with a reeklcpsdi^rogurd of his o^n bones which was only a little lOiS offensive than his carelessness about other people. 44 I believe Belfield must olTer a premium lor kicking horses, or ho eould never get ?aeh brutes as he rides,' sail Mr Freemantle who rode a sober we.ll-manmrod weight, carrier, in a sober. and gentleman-like way. and who contrived to keep pretty near t ho hounds without exerting himself much. There was a general feeling that Mr Bel field had gone altogether to the ba.l siuce bis wife's disappearance. Pco;-l«? pitied him, but wanted to see as little of him a? possible. He had never been a favorite in the neigh borhood, and o£ late his sullen manner had been calculated to alienate even friendship. And now it had become known that St. Austell wbb iu London, and people — especi- ally the feminine portion of the community —began to be exercised iu miod as to what j could have becomc of Mrs Pel Ik-Id, Had | she eloped with St. Austell, and hal they quarrelled and parted after brief union? Or had she never gone off with him ? That was the question debated with bushed breath over many an afternoon tea table. 14 Has she any old aunt in Ireland with whom she would be likely to be living ?' asked cuifl of the Miss Trcduceys. ' Most girls have an old aunt that they can go to on an emergency.' 'I don't believe Mrs Iteltield has anything bo respectable as an old aunt belonging to her,' replied Dorothy Toffstaff, who was soured ny three unsuccessful seasons in London, during which all the attentions she reoeived had been too obviously inspired by her father's wealth rather titan hy her own oharms. ' My idea is that she went off with St, Austell, as everybody thought at the Lime of her disappearance, and that he has grown Bick of an empty headed beauty, arm has left her in India. She would bo sum to g. t picked up bv somebody,' added Miss Toil staff, with the air oE consigning Mrs Belfield to the Oriental gutter. Thus lightly did society at ChadEord discuss the problem of a fallen sisters fate ; but it was not so lightly that Lady Bellini I considered the mystery oE her daughterin law's disappearance. In a conversation with Colonel Doverill, she drew from liim much that had passed between him and St. Austell, and the idea that Helen had changed her mind at the last, after w iting that tenible letter, tilled her with a new hope. What more likely than that the erring giri had turned to so iue conventual sanctuary as the possible shelter from temptation : as Louise de la Vallicre in the dawn of love fled from her royal lover to the convent. There only could the find a safeguard against her own passionate heart, an aid forherown weak wilL Such a course would account or tho unclaimed trunks in the bed chamber. For the handmaid of heaven, vowed to holy poverty, tine clothes and feminine luxuries were a dead letter. Impressed with this idea, Lady Bel field re solved to travel quietly through the West of England, visiting all those institutions, Anglican or Romanist, to which Helen might pOBsiblv have attached herself. She had taken Mr Rockstone into her confidence, and with his aid she had obtained all the information necessary to guide her search. She told Adi ian nothing of her purpose until her plan was made, and she was on the eve of setting out with her old Servaut for her companion. The journey would not be a long one. The furthest point was to b; the convent in Lanhcrnc Valley, on the north coast of Cornwall. To her disappoiutment, Adrian strongly opposed hersoheroe. 44 Dear mother, no good would result from all that fatigue and anxiety on jour part.'' he said, gently. ''lam sure that Helen is BOt in any such retreat.' 44 Bat how can you be sure ?' 44 Mother, 1 have reason to know. You must ask me no more. You must have some pitv upon me,' said Adrian, deadly pale. 'You know that lost girl's fate, and yet hide the truth from me.' ?'There are secrets that must be kept — that aTe sacre.J, Mother, : ou know how fondly I love you. In my own life there has never been a secret ; but in this ease 1 cannot tell you all I know witliout betray ing another person. You would have ine guilty of dishonor ?' 41 No, no; yon know I would not. But let me understand — give we some kind of hope and comfort. You know where she is, then ; you have known all along?' Adrian bent hie head in assent. 41 And yet you let me puzzle and torture myself about her ?' 1 was tongue tied.' 4i 1 see. She confided in you. It was to her you bounii yourself to silence ?' I cap answer no questions.' 41 But you can tell me that she is safe — happy ?' 'She ie safe. She did not elope with Lord St. Austell. Her last 6in against her husband was the writing of that fatal letter.' ° Thank God 1 But why may I not know her retreat ? Why may I not see her again ? You koow that I loved her as a daughter. Even - if she can never be reunited to her husband, she may at leaai be res toted in some measure to me. And there is her poor father, too. Why should he be tortured by uncertainty; or allowed to think that Ins daughter is leading a wicked life? It ie your duty fo reveal the truth, Adrian. 41 It is my duty to keep my oath. Mother, if you say one word more, I shall regret having trusted you. I beseech you to keep faith with me. Not one syllable to anyone, least of all to Valentine.'1 44 Poor Valentine. Can you see liim so miserable and vet not tell him ?' 4- Nothing I could tell would help him. Mother, the best thing you can do for your own peac-i of mind— and for us all — is to forget the past so far at it can be forgotten. There is nethiog that can be done ; nothing I think you know that I am not without, conscience — that T have some sense of duty. If there were anything that could be done, 1 would do it ; but there is nothing. As 1 hope for the life eternal, there iB no act of yours or mine that can be of any service to her whose loss we both deplore.' His words and looks were so deeply earnest thai his mother could not disbelieve. Adrian hail been her strong rock for tho last few years : her friend and companion, the one being whos- presence alwa1 s brought brightness ami comfort, upon whose sound sense and ausiltish affection she could Toply, She was mystified but she was submissive ; and the journey to Lanhcrnc was given up. She told Mr Rockstone only that she had' changed her mind. ' I think you have done right in abandon ing yonr idea.' he said. 'Be euro that if Mrs Belfield is in any retreat of that kind, she will communicate with you before long. Her heart nil! jearn for you as time goes hy, and the longing to see you or to hearf rom you will be too strong to be repressed by any ascetic rule, however severe.' After that conversation with his mother, Adrian had an uneasy fueling that he had said too much, that he ha I gone too near the betrayal of his brother's dreadful e:cret. Yet to have allowed h:s mother to follow a Shan torn, to wear out her heart in false ope6 and disappointing researches, was more than his duty a son would allow. His first thought had been of his mother ; it was for her sake that he had kept Valentine's secret ; and it was for her sake that ho had lifted a corner of the veil. It, was for her sake that he tried to seem happv and at ease when his heart was gnawed by carc. and his life darkened by the shadow of fear. 41 Let us forget,' he had siid to her ; and often, in the long slow «4a\§, he had said to himself, 41 Oh, God, if I could but forget ' i His daily walk was by the river. He seemed drawn there bv an irresistible attraction. Scarcely a day passed on which he did not stand beside that silent pool, beneath whose dark waters lay the murdered wife. He went there oftcnest in the twJight, when all things had a vague and ghostly aspect, or when the eye created iu own Spectres out of the commonest forme. He wondered sometimes that her spirit had never appeared to him, when his thoughts were so full of her. He gazed with melan choly eves among the shadows of the willow trunks, half cxpocting to see a spectral fonn waving tremulously above the bank, like a ghostly Undioe. llut there was nothing. The dead made no sign. One evening he saw a red spark shining brightly amidst the gray. It came nearer as ho advanced along the path, and presently he found himself face to face with Mr Mel notte, who was strollingquietly along smok ing a big cigar. ''Good evening, Sir Adrian. A mild night, and a picturesque spot.' ' Very. But I should think it must seem uncommonly Lame to vou after the Zambesi Falls.' 41 Oh, but I am catholic iu my tastes. I can admire an English landscape as heartily as if 1 had never seen Africa. A favorite walk of yoors, Sir Adrian.' 41 Yes ; it is one of my favorite walks.' ' 44 1 thought so. 1 have seen yon here nearly ev,»ry cviiiing for i he last ten dajs. I generally laku rnv nfnTmnn stroll in this Hellield was fin goo.l an to my 1 might make fre' with the park anil m a lows.' 'Naturally. Any friend of Colonel Djv.t ill's would be welcome. Is this yonr first experience of Devonshire 7' ' Of this side of the country, ,ves. 1 know the south coast pretty well. A delightful country.' ' You arc not a Devonshire uian ?' 44 1 have not that, privilege.' There was a silence Sir Melnotte did not volunteer any information as to his birth or parentage. Ho was a curious lit lie man in this wise, and, except for his African experiences, seemed to ho a man without a history, {fir Adrian wandered how his friendship with Colonel Deverill could have come about. The two tuen Beemel to bare so little in common. From a good natured impulse, rather than for any particular I reason, he nsked Mr Melnotte to dinner, an I invitation which was promptly accepted. | ' It is always a pleasure to visit such a house as -ours, Sir Adrian,' he said; 'a bouse with a history. No doubt the Abbey has its histories, or tralitions.' 44 Yes. It has a good many histories, or traditions.' ' Any ghosts. Any story of a dark crime in the remote past 1' 41 I have heard of neither ghost nor crime.' ?* Well, it is a noble old hous*. ev --n with out those embellishments,' said Melnotte, cheerfully, '-and the park and gardens are ]-crfect. Th»6 is a tributary of the Chad, I Bup|-ose, this river iu your grounds.' -Yor, it unites with the Chad lower down.'' '? A swift, deepisb river, eh ?' 4- Swift and deep. 'It makes a very pretty feature in your grounds. Nothing like water for giving beauty and variety to a landscape. To morrow evening, at eight, I think you said, Sir Adrian ? Good night.' Mr Melnotte crossed a rustic bridge and disappeared in the twilight on the further back, while Adrian strolled slowly along the cypress walk. lie was? met by Lucy Freemantle, who. unconsciously suggested a reminiscence of Shakespeare's Beatrice.' ' I have been sent to ask you to come to tea,'' she e.ibl, blushing a Ji/tlc, her com plosion of lilies and rosjs looking brighter than ever in the grey winter atmosphere. ' You are vcr»- good to take so much trouble about mc,' answered Adrian, as they shook han-!tj. ' Oh. it was no trouble. 1 am always glad of a run. Mother and I cam: to call upon Lady Belfield, and Lady Belticld was getting 1 fidgety about you, so mother told mc to run I and look for you, and I guessed 1 should iind i you this way.' 41 How clcvcr of you.' They were on very friendly terms, Lucy having known the Abbey and the Abbey : people all h'jr life. A few years ago when I she hai been in the nursery she ha t looked j up to Sir Adrian as a very gnind personage, standing as it were apart from all other young men upon the strength of a superior ] position and superior attainment, out oi imo she lial fell herself more upon a kvel with j him, and more at her ease in his society. : He called her Lucy, as a matter of coursc, { having known her in piuafores, bat she 1 oalled him Sir Adrian. 44 Is mv brother at homo?' he asked, as they walked towards the Abbey. ' No, there is no one but Lady Belfield and mother. They arc talking parish tAlk — about, the po ir old people nnrt their ail ments — such dreadful complications. How hard it 6ceins that the poor should suffer iu all ways. 1'eople who know nothing about them think they are healthy and hardv I because of their scanty fare and open air ' life; but when one comcs to know them,onu i tinds that theory a hollow mockery. The open air may be very pin \ for ne, but the poor get too much of it.' She spoke warmly, having just come from a se^ne of suffering in one ot the cottages. She was a frank, warm hearted, energetic girl, tall and strong, in the fall bloom of youth and beantv, a girl for whom life nieantactionaad duty, not Hressaud pleasure. Yet at a county bill she daac; I as gaily aB the most feather-headed of her sisters,* an. I never complained, as they did, of an evening being 6low. ' i Lady BolBeld and Mrs Freemantle were sitting by the fire in the innerdrawingroom, the coay tea table and hissing kettle between them. They had been jo n.-d by Mr Hock- J of the large armchair, with hislt-gSBtretched out in front of the hearth, basking in the glow a of friendly firesi after a long day his amongst, poorest parishioners. They were talking of Valentine. 44 He ought to make an effort, my dear Lady Belfield,' said tbe Vicar. 'The blow that has fallen upon him is a heavy one, but it is almost unmanly to succamb as he has dooe. His whole bang is undergoing deterio ration, He was brooded upon the one peat wrong until his soul has become steeped in gal'. He is a misanthrope at an age when, men generally love their fellow creatures. Something must be done to save him from himself.' 41 Yes somothiog must be done,' echoed Mre Freemaatle. 44 It is terrible to see a line young man like Valentine lapsing into physical and moral decay. My husband tells ms that be shuns all his old friends— does not even show at the meet, and rides in a way that shows ho cares no more for other people's lives than he does for his own. He ought to go to Australia.' '?That is the remedy, Mrs Freemantle.' said tin Vicar, ' a new couutry— Australia, or the Red River district — a new ami not too civilised country — utterly new surround ings, That kind of thing id your only Lethe ; the only r- m vly for a niin I diseased. I kuow it would grieve you to part with him, my dear LaJy 13,'lfield, but you would have him back in two or three years, a new man. Whereas if you let him stay here, decay ie inevitable. Vou remember what Dickens says about the dry-rot in a man. I'm afraid poor Valentine's is a caec of dry rot.' *1 would do anything for his welfare-—] sacrifice anything,' replied Lady Beltield. j ??Then you and Adrian most put vonr ! heads together and persuade him in travel : — California, T-'xas. R :d River, or even1 Africa, if he fauci-s shooting antelopes, or dealiug in buffaloes You can take arivant' age of thi6 Mr Melnotte, who I am toll 1b a miphtv traveller. The -grand thing is to rnusc Valentine from his pr«sent apathy, j and set him going in some way.' | 'lam entirely of your opinion. Vicar,' ( said Adrian. 44 My brother wants new Burroundings. A young man without aims , or iotcreste, moping away his life in a country place, is a sorry spectacle, I will take him in hand to-night,' 44 Do, my dear Adrian,' exclaimed Mrs Freemantle. 41 1 have known you and your brother too long to be able to see either of you going wrong without epeaklng my mind.' Th-'y sat round the fireforsomc time after thi6. talking of many things, i.'Djo. iDg the blaze of the great pine logs, and the aroma of Lady B^lticld'g excellent tea— but two among them were heavy at heart, cheerful as the general tone of the oonversalion might be. For Adrian there had been no such thingd ns happiness, or even peace of mind, since that fatal night. His life bad boen oue long pretence. It was a huntiug day, and on such days Valentine alwa; 6 stayed out among the latest, rarely appearing until after dinner. He would come into the house on the stroke of eight, perhaps, and would be changing his c'othes while the olhtrs were dining. He would dine alone between nine and ten, at a little table in front of the billiard-room fire. He had never been a gfcmrtnand, but he ate now with the air of a man who hardlv Unows what ho is eating— taking anything the servauts set before him, sod drinking more than was good for him. 41 He ain't got no appreciation of a nice little dimvev,' said Andrew, despondently, 'It don't pay to -take pains about, Mrs Marr able, as 1 tells cook. Give him a bottle of Burgundy, and the liqusur staud after dinner, and he asks no questions-' There were no more of those choery tea drinkiogB with the mother after the day's adventures. The young man wont out alone in the morning, moody and silent ; he came home iu tho same temper. His mother had watched him in quiet grief, hoping that as the months wont by the bruised spirit would rccovcr ; hut time seemed only to doepen that abiding gloom, and of late she had grown hopeless. Thus it was that she was ; ready to receive any plausible suggestion. He was late on this particular evening, and it was not until half-past nine that he was ready for his dinner. I'll go and talk to him after he has dined,' said Adrian, who had been lingering over dessert with his mother, trying to cheer h.r with the promise of brighter days. 44 Do, dear. For pity's sake, influence him for good. 1 am helpless. His mind is a sualed book to me. He has never coatided in me from Ihe time of his boyhood. He lias taken his own wav always, for good or for evil.' Valentine was sitting in a Glastonbury chair in front of the wide fireplace, the Burgundy decanter before him, almost cmptv. The lamps over the billiard table were unlighted, and the spacious room was half in shadow. The tirelight flickered on guns anil swords iu the recess at the further vnd, and there was a circle round the spot where Valentine sat, from the shaded colra lump on the small Sutherland table. *? A g»od run, Val ? ' asked Adrian, seating himself opposite his brother. 'Pretty good.' 'You must have killed uncommonly late.' 44 We killed at sunset, on Plimpsted Ridge.' 44 But that means five o'oclock, and a three-quarters of an hour's ride home. Where have you been since I * 44 1 don't know.' ' Valentine 1' 'Don't star*? at me, man I 3 tell you I don't know. 1 have been riding about somewhere — losing myself on the moor, if you like. Great God,* if 1 could only lose mvBeU altogether— ride away into some cnchantcd valley, and go to sleep there for It was almost the first time he had spoken openly of his despair. From the hour of the crime uutil now there had been no con fidence between the brothers. They had lived together, had talked of the daily business of life ; but there had been an lm jiassablc guif betwixt the past and the pre sent. By mutual consent they had been dumb. But to-night Valentine was utterly worn out in mind and body, fagged, helpless, nervous. That powerful frame and strong self-reliant temper had been broken by the slow agonits of remorse. Brutual as the man's nature might be, conscience was not dead in him. It liad awakened in the hour when he found himself alone after bis crime face to face with the memory of a murder. It had never 6lept sincc. ' Valentine,' began Adrian earnestly, 44 you arc leading a miserable life. Things cannot go on like this.' «l Yon mean that I had bettor do as your criminal of the lower classes sometimes does under such circumstances — give myself up — walk into Frecniantle's study to-morrow morning and t-eli him that I killed my wife. Is that what you mean ?' 41 No. It is too late for that course. What I mean is that you must leave the scene of vour — misadventure. You have lingered here too long. You must go away — to another continent— Africa, Australia, wher ever you can find the rcsouroes which will give you the most relief of mind. The past is past, Val. There is no help for that. Let it be past. You have suffered for your sin of a moment in all the long months that have gone hy sincc that fatal night. You will suffer more or less to the end.' 44 More or less no doubt. I have the privilege of an excellent memory,' answered , Valentine with quivering lips, staring gloomily at the fire, the incarnation of despair. 44 Your self-torture can do no good to yon or to anyone else. Far away, in the wild free life* which suits jour temperament, you will at least suffer less. Anything would be better than the stagnation of your existence here.' 'You are right. Anything would be better— but I think the best would be death.' ' Dou't say that, Val. Men have outlived worse sorrows than yours.' 44 Men are made of very hard wood, and I flattered myself — till last Bummer— that 1 was teak or iron-wood : but the dry-rot of remorse has got into me, all the same. 1 am worm-eaten to the very core. Yes, I think you ore right, Adrian. I must get away from this place, if I don't want to becomc a howling lunatic. I have stayed here in a kind of gloomy despair, thinking that I could hardlv be more miserable here than anywhere else — but you ate right. 1 have | staved too long. I will stay no longer. I Here I am a cause of misery to others as 1 well as to myself. In the desert-— or ihe bush — 1 shall be my own man again. There will be no need for hypocrisy, i could lie on the ground facn downwards and groan aloud without anybody calling mc to account.' 41 Your mind will clear and lighten face to face with unsophisticated nature, Val,' said Adrian, who throughout this conversation had spoken with ineffable tenderness. 41 You will begin a new life. Even tbe memory of . sorrow will be softened in that far off 1 atmosphere. You will look hack upon yonr old Belf gently, as we remember the dead. . You will have opportunities of helping others— of doing brave and generous deeds. ! You will be born again, a better and a ! wiser man. My brother — my beloved ! brother, the sccond half of myself. I have infinite faith iu you yet.' He laid his hand caressingly upon hie brother's shoulder. He felt as if a great burdcu was lifted off his heart by this conversation of to-night. For the first time sincc the catastrophe that had wrecked both their lives, the brothers had spoken together freely. It was like a re newal of brotherly love. ' My dear Adrian, you arc a great deal too good to me,' said VaUmtine, ond this from him was much. 41 You must go away, Val; but you must do nothing hurriedly. Mrs Freemantle was talking about you to my mother this after noon, &aying; that you looked ill aud mopish, and needed change. My mother admitted the fact, and it was agreed that you should be persuaded to travel. Your departure will therefore seem perfectly natural to all this little world of Chadi'ord. There will be no appearance of flight. AH you have to think of, therefore, is the place to which you would like to go — all you have to do is to follow the bent of your own inclination.' ?' I will go to Africa. There is better sport there than in Australia— and a freer life.' ??If you decide uj-on Africa, Melnotte may be of use to -0u.' 41 1 don't like Melnotte, and I don't believe in his African experiences. 1 6tronglv sus pect that Lhe mun is au impostor. lie is too glib.' ' But his stories of adventure have a vivid air as if he had lived among the fcencs and people he describes.' 'The fellow is a good actor, that is all. Some rowdy adventurer whom the Colonel has picked up in a gambling den. Me'nottc may have been to the Cap^, perhaps. His experiences in the interior I rank as sheer fiction.' Thi6 idea agreed curiously with Adrian's own vague suspicions as to Mr Melnotte's truthfulness. Those African stories of his were rather too good and too picturesque to have happened to one traveller. The aver age man's experiences are dnll enough. Thcy ring the changes upon famine, fever, and sport. But Melnotte seemed to have passed from hairbroadth cscapc to romantic situa tion, from dramatic encounter to picturesque rescue, with an electrical brilliancy. He had 6lain his lions by the horde, ahd shot his gemsbocks in hecatombs. There was ex aggeration, no doubt ; but whether the man was an actual impostor remained to be proved. ''1 don't want anybody's advice said Valentine decisively. 41 If 1 can once brace myself np to leave this place, 1 shall go to London, get the kind of outfit 1 think necessary, aud then sail for the Cape. Once there I can pick up all thu information I want about tbe interior, and I shall plan my route from there.' u When will ^ou 6tartf' 41 1 ehall go to London by an early train to-morrow— and to the Cape by the first good sic amer that can carry mc there.' 4t To-morrow ? That's soon.' 44 Why should I delay ? I have been stay* ing here face to face with a spectre— like a I man in a nightmare dream, woo faces some great horror and cannot move liand ot foot. The sooner I go, the hotter.' ' Ln. me go to London with you, YaL I should like lo-scc you off.' 44 No, no, 1 am not lit company for my fellow men yet awhile. ..Perhaps after fan years in Africa I may be better. Let me suffer my purgation,' Adrian. -L'^t me' wrestle with the memory of sin, as Jaobb wrestled with the angel — and then perhaps —someday-—' with a stifled sob, 11 I shall oe better worthy of your unselfish love— and of my mother.*' 'God help you to pardon and forgetfol ness, Vat But let me go London with you.'_ 41 No, I 'want to be alone there. I have something to do. I will wire to you before I sail, and then, if there were time, and yon would like to come and shake hands at part ing ? ' 41 Be sure I will comc, if you give me the chance. It will comfort the mother to hear of you at the last moment of leaving. She would like to be there herself, dear soul, if you would let her.' 44 Dear soul, poor soul,' murmured Valen tine, with a remorseful tenderness which was strange to his rongh nature, 44 She* has mvnn me knn*v. and I have ffiven her call. I have been a fountian of bitterness to you both. But it is past. You arc strongin lovo and in mercy. Good-night, and good-bye, till I sail. I 'shall be off early to-morrow morning.' 44 But yon will bid your mother good-bye.*' ' Must 1 ? That will be hard. I should like to slip away without any leave- taking. I would write to her from London.' 44 She would be heartbroken if jou left her like that.' 44 Perhaps you are right. It Is the weak ness of her character to be fond of me. I'll see her in the morning before I start. She will be happier when I am gone — safe and happy — with you. You ought to marry, Adrian. You owe as much to my mother as well as to yourself. There is Lucy Free mantle, who has been in love with you for the last five ypars.' 44 Valentino.' ' It's a true bill. I've seen the growing | passion from the' time she left off short | frocks and long hair. You have been her ideal from the day she left the nursery— perhaps before. 1 daresay she was often thinking of you over Pinnock or Lingnrd. Marry her, Adrian. She has not one of the attributes of the typical girl, and will make you a true and honest wife.' 44 1 will wait till my time comcs. Val,' answered Adrian, with a sad smile. 44 It has not comc yet.' Lady Belfield was always an early riser. She was in her garden next morning, look ing at the first clusters of snowdrops, white against the whiteness of the hoar frost, when Valentine joined her, clad for a journey, in fur-lined overcoat and deer stalker cap. 'Mother,' he began abruptly, 44 Adrian and I had a long brotherly talk last night, and he advised me to try change of scene as a cuse for bitter memories. I am going abroad for a Bpell.' 41 ics, dear, ice, it will be a good thing, 1 I am sure,' answered his mother, paling suddenly at the mere thought of a possible i parting, ' but you will not be going just 1 yet. You Kill take tiimc to think about it.' ' I am going at once. You know I was 1 never given to irresolution. I have done most things for good or evil, on the spur of the moment. 1 am off by the 8*S5. My portmanteaux have gone down to the stable yard. 1 shall stav a day or two in town, and then sail for the Cape.' 41 For the Cape I That Is bo far, Val. Why not go to Italy or Spain.' 44 Tame, hackneyed, intolerable. The holiday groand of self-opinionated Yankcts and personally conducted CockncTs. No, if change of scene is to do me any good, if I am to get out of myself, I must get fac2 to face with nature. Africa i6 the place for me. Don't be afraid, dear mother. The Dark Continent is as safe a solitude oe Heme Bay.' 44 And you are going — this morning ? ' 'At once. The dogcart is waiting for me. Good-bye.' He clasped his mother in his arms, kissed her as he had not kissed her for years— hardlv since he was a schoolboy. His own eyes were not innocent of tears as he rushed away, leaving her to sob ont her sorrow iu the quiet shrubbery walk which her foot stspB had so often trodden. Never had she felt more desolate than in this parting with the wayward and beloved son, and yet she told herself that it was well he were gone. Anything must be better than to see him as he had been sincc last August. * Tbe South-Western Railway conveyed Mr Belfield to Exeter, but in the junction station there he had a choice of trains, and the Great Western suited him best on this, occasion. Ho crossed from one platform to the other, took his ticket for Paddington, and came out upon the departure platform of the Great Western, under the big clock. The platform was not. so crowded as usual, and the train was not due for five minutes. As he walked slowly towards lhe end of the 6tation, Valentine passed a man whose face flashed upon him with a sudden sickening of the heart and weakening of the limbs, like the 6ight of a ghost in high noon. The wintry sun shone upon those pale and high-bred f»aturt-s. He saw tho face looking at him, half in hatred, half in scorn, and he could not give back scorn for scorn, hate for hate. He, who had never feared his fellow- men, sickened at the sight of this man, and passed on with quickened step, and eye b looking steadily forward, pretend ing not to see that familiar face, the face of the man who had stolen bis wife's heart. St. Austeil stopped and looked back at him. ' As I am alive, that was the face of a felon,' he said to himself, ' and the mystery of Helen's fate is darker than any 'of n's dream of. That man dared not meet my eye — although it was his place to hector and mine to quail. There was guilt in that look.' He was on his way westward. 6ince that meeting at Badminton he had been much disturbed in his mind abont his lost love. Fickle as the previous experience of his life liad prove i him, be had not yet forgotten ' Helen. The year which Mrs Baddeley bad allowed for the duration of bis passion was not yet ended, and it may be that the dis appointment and mischance which bad attended this particular intrigue had intensified his feelings. He would have forfeited ton years of his life to have fonnd Helen, and wou her for bis own, but there was that in her husband's countenance which chilled his soul. He liad half a mind to follow Valentine Belfield, and tax him then and there with foul play. He had no evidence except the mysterious circum stancps of the wife's disappearance, and the guilty look on the husband's face — but the -wo together brought conviction to St. Austell's mind. (To be Continued Next Wednesday.) 