' 1 y ,,, J ! #or gtqtii, " r '- . v.. . A LIVE GHOST. v , . ' There he is!" — ' There she is!' — 'There they aro!' These outcries were not frag ments of u oonjugatiou, but the exclamations a ous crowd which leaned over the sides of the Campania, as she steamed slowly to fl fir nn/1 1 ; i _ - A . . . wvw'»l u»aiia luc liiaos Ui 11 L1LLI it 111 Lj YkUillADg upon the pier became gradually ludiTidual- ized. Tom Stuart hstencd with a pang of lone liness none the less keen because it was unreasonable. He had informed nobody of his return. Yet his heart was heavy with the knowledge that one of those eager wel comes would be for him, thoug he had wan dered so much farther than any of these other travellers. Two years before, ho had rushed away in hot desperation of a lovers' quarrel. But in ' darkest A frica ' death's every -day neigh borhood had taught him many lessons ; and part of that stern teaching had been the translating of what seemed the dignified self- assertion. of his abrupt departure in a cruel injustice toward the girl who loved him. For of course Mabel loved- him ; else why shouid she have promised her heanty and her fortuno to him, penniless Tom Stuart, who possessed only a paint-brush for future rc- uancep It was her money, or rather his lack of monnv wTukIi had merle him art pnnilv offended when Van Eyefe continued to haunt her steps after tho announcement af their engagement. He had been jealous, she had been resentful ; they had quarrelled, and within three days be had joined an ex pedition fitted out by a couple of wealthy young fellows of his acquaintance, who were inspired with the crazo for African exploration prevalent among the youthful millionaire 'unemployed.' Good God ! how long wero those two years! Through what a lifetime, of monotonous marches and dreary watches ho had dreamed of the letters from her which he was con vinced he should find when his party got bavk.to Zanzibar, where civilisation and the mail service ended. Was it hot one of her half-tender, half-mocking assertions, in the first glad days of their engagement, that a woman must naturally prefer to ask forgive ness of the man she loved, rather than to be stow her forgiveness upon him ? But, though dozens of letters awaited his friends, there had been nothing for him,— nothing ! He was entirely bereft of family ties, and was of no social or financial importance. Only to Mabel had he desired to cable news . of his safety ; and her anxiety was ob viously not incapable , of further, endur- ance. In the midst of the joyful messages sent home by his comrades, Tom Stuart bad roam-' tained the silence of his disappointment. Nor bad he wished to break it through all tho many weeks which aro required even nowadays to bring a traveller from Zanzibar to New York, until this foolish longing for a welcome overtook him as he arrived, unex pected nnd unrecognized, among the happy meetings . upon the Cunard pier. Yet not quite unrecognised. While he was . accounting to a customs in spector for his portfolio of African sketches, lie tecame aware of an oddly amazed stare fixed upon him, and .recollected the per petrator thereof to be a former acquaint ance. 'Halloo, Jackson !': . he exclaimed gen ially. "His. offered hand was accepted hesitat ingly- ' Tom Stuart P' Jackson stammered, with an .uncertain smile. ' Beg your pardon. I — I thought you were dead/ 'Nevermore alive/ Tom declared, strag gling against an absurd dismay at the quality of. this first greeting. . . / You look splendidly,' Jackson continued, with growing cordiality. ' I heard that the expedition had returned safely to Zanzibar amonth ago.. But there was a rumor of your .death soon after your depart ure.'. : '....' . ' I am. happy to be able to contradict the rumor,' Tom said, cynically.;, 'though I dare say most people will have forgotten both me and my demise, if the rumor is two years old. Yon. should be . proud of, your very retentive memory, Jackson.' . . With, this utterance of a natural if unjust ifiable resentment he stalked away into a cab, and was driven up town. New York was as dirty, dusty, and desert ed as.it usually fa early in August, and Tom's, remembrance of African beat became more kindly before he arrived, perspiring and per plexed, at .his club. He bad never been a prominent member of that agreeable institu tion, bat be had frequented it for many years, arid, should everybody he knew be out of the city,- he relied forlornly upon recognition from the servants. vTho hall.pnrter, however, proved to be a new-comer, who replied to Tom's inquiry for a room with the formula, ' Only club mem bers recived, 6ir.' ' You will fiud my name on the hooks, -- Thomas Stuart.' f.The' porter drew a careful finger up the column . belonging to the letters. Then he confronted Tom dumbly, divided between amazement and indignation. .' Well .?' Tom demanded, a chill of suspicion stealing down his spine, — not a plesant chill, even in August. . The Thomas Stuart on . this list is dead.' \ ./Don't you,. see that I am alive ?' cried Tom. : .'-Yes,' the other admitted,, sharply ; 'but I.don't see that you are Thomas Stuart. Here; .is the star , opposite the gents uanjeJ/ . , Call one of the old servants. I've been, away two years,' Tom said, resolutely con-1 trolling his temper, as be saw the grinning cabman standing guard over- the portmanteau heiad just brought in. ". ' Guess you know that the whole lot of old servants were 'cleared out six months ago,' the porter rejoined, with a derisive wink at the: cabman. ' "'I will have yon discharged for insolence' to a member of the club,' Tom began im pressively: : - : ' I 'ain't afraid ' the other ' interrupted, triumphantly. ' If you lire a member yon must te a ghost ; and I don't believe in ghosts.' Stammering with wrath, yet. equally, de termined against , a row or a , retreat, Tom ejaculated the names of seyeral acquaintances likely to be available for bis identified-, tion. .. '! Out of . town;' his . adversary repeated, with a leer, which grew more objectionable at each repetition, until Tom remembered David .Wynne," an elderly bachelor who pro fessed a conviction that London and New York share the Comforts; of life between them, and that a man of reasonable experience is to be found either in: one city or tho other at any season,. -':He is , in town,' the porter conce ded. -'Dines, here every evening, eight sharp/' ' I sh;ill return at 6ight; and I shah report you ' Tom. declared, turning, .away with but siriall emis'ol»tiori in anticipating . the vindi cation. of- bis course which would crown his toappeai arice : for hp was impotontly aware of another .exebaugo .of winks across h'3 shoulder. ..- -;. 'The' Brunswick,': he ordered, haughtily, and r-fcid-- his : . discomfiture in the cab. " \ ' 1' At an h'.tel he was assigned a room with out accusation of being, a. fraud or a phantom, :tnd th'Cre'":be : jiroceedcd to consider the inngular' pbsitifin in .which he found litm-" self/ ; .. . '" The la wyer with" whom ho had left his wjU,- preyipur. )v pi-obably give him aUJat&jL; poneeriimg ,tfce origin of the rumor of his death. Was his small patrimony already divided among the distant heirs ? Tom started from his ebair to seek the lawyer's office at once ;-but he sank back again with a half-smile : the old gentle man's holidays occurred in August, and Tom shrank from confronting a clerk possibly as sceptical as the club porter. He must wait for Wynne, who was a certainty at eight o' clock, and wh6, always well posted in every body's affairs, could inform him not merely about the rumor of his death, but about some imaginable results of that rumor which troubled this perplexed young man more than the temporary doubt of bis identity or the brief disarrangement of his fin- anoes. Before the star was printed beside his name in the club list bis death must have beon widely credited. This explained Mabel's silence: she believed him. dead two years since; along, long time for faithful monrning of the dead, — the dead who hod been neither just nor tendor in his farewells.- Good God ! how should he-bear to hear that Van Eyck had wod her ? Very glioBt- like he felt as ho wandered res' lessly from the hotel to the streets. Poor ghosts, — real ghosts ! he hoped that heaven, or even the other place, shut them securely from any news of the world which they ; had loft, and. which did not miss them ! Eight o'clock found him again at the club, where his enemy tlie hall porter took his card id eloquent silence and presently announced that Mr. Wynuo would see him. jiners was a ueen iooK oi quesraon upon David Wynne's, clever countenance as he. awaited his visitor. 1 ' This is a most extraordinary coincidence, -or a most ' he began, but br.dro off ab rjiptly as Tom advanced under the electric lights: then, with dilating eyes, he excinmiod, 'Great Heavens! Tom Stuart ?— you are alive?' : ' ' According to say own sensations I am,' . Tom said, smiling uumirtfcfully ; ' though so many Bane people seem sure of my death that I begin to doubt,' " ' My dear fellow,' Wyniie interrupted, grasping Tom's hand' in. both of a-his, and speaking with 'delightful- exaggeration,: ' I have never been so glad to'see any one.' Ho broke off again, to stare at tho other's hand some sunbrowned face. ' This is inexplicable,' he muttered- ! ' If you mean the rumor of my death, I in tend to have that explained very thoroughly,' Tom declared, grimly. ; And I come to yon to start my investigations., -It was much more positive than a rumor : it was a cablegram,' Wynne said, ruminat- inglv. Then he drew forward a big chair for his' guest, dropped into another, and took a letter case from his pocket. ! ' I sent to my rooms :for .this when the : porter told me that some impostor was claim ing your name, ' he began, briskly. ' This is my receptacle for newspaper cuttings which-- interest -me particularly and are not too long. Here is your obituary ' ; ' Which was not too long,' Tom interpo lated, bitterly. ' ' Better he a living dog than a dead lion, ' Wynne cried, genially. ' I assnre you, my, hoy, that you were very much talked about for a week at least. One must be a Bismarck or a Gladstone to expect more of one's ijvorld. Hear what the Herald says: ! ' With deep regret we announce the death near Zanzibar, Africa, 'of the talented youn'g artist Thomas Stuart. He had joined the expedition fitted but by Messrs. Blpunt arid Brooke for the purpose of making sketches arnuug majcpuu auu uuiauuuaL cuuiiui j AXIS death occurred after a few hours' illness, daring the second day's march from the coast, and the sad intelligence was cabled to las lawyer in this city by a servant of Mr. Blount' 8, who had been sent hack to Zanzi bar for that object. Thus again does the Dark Continent deprive us of geni us.' " . ' . i ' Gratifying1 to you hereafter to know how a Herald reporter classifies.you,' Wynne Baid, giving the cutting to Tom with a smile. Just now it is.more important that we should analyze such facts as you may remember con cerning the servant who sent that cablegram. Did Blount discharge him? Or did he have " any grudge agkinst you?' . 'Not the slightest. Nor was he dis charged ; he simply got funked and left lis after our first bivouac.' ; .'From whom did Blount get- himr' ; \ 1 ' From Fritz Van Eyck,' who laid em ployed him' on his yacht, and who recom mended him strongly.' ' ; 'Van Eyck ?— If somebody influenced : this Servant to send the cablegram, that somebody inust have had an object to gain by the report pf your death. Van Eyck couldn't,"' of course — — Wynne paused, as Tom uttered an ex clamation: The scoundrel !' . 'Go slowly, my boy,' the elder man said,1 .gravely. . 1 Tom, who had grown very white, ' pressed' 'both hands over his eyes, .while, with a flash .of divination whose vividness dizzied him, he. .understood the. whole plot. Two years in -which to win Mabel from the memory of the lover she believed dead? Such had beerf Van Eyvk'.s object in devising and accom plishing, through his old servant, this cur" ous fraud. Doubtless the well-paid Servant had vani.-hed. The master's complicity would be difficult to prove. Yet, more and worse, Vaii Eyck' was attractive, devoted : Mabel I was probably already his wife,— pure, proud Mabel, wlio'ie misery, ' should, she discover -that hei: husband bad been guilty of so base jtreuchery, . would not be lessened by the j knowledge "that be was tempted by love of her. - ' | ' What has Van Eyck been doing these itiyo years!' Tom asked, presently.', | ' Loafing, as usual, arid making love to jMiss Njesbit ' j ' HaB that occupation been successful ?' I ' Slo# but sure, those say who profess to ' iknow. There . are bets — bad form, -those ; bots ! — ;that Miss Nesbit. will bo Mrs. Van1 jEyck before Christmas. Keep cool, my boy/' Wynne added, with an odd change of tono, on /I a «r1nns>o nnmcoTnm'o otinrilfloi fnn»ai»/l i man who was approaching them. Tom rose. The new-comeif stood stou'e- ; still. For a moment they stared at eiich ; other, with a gaze of such entire mutual comprehension that words were needed : merely for its disguise. . . Alive, after all the weeping and wailing for' you is ended? Very' indiecreot, Mr. ; Stuart, ,Vun Eyck exclaimed. ' 'You evidently did not share the general belief in my death.' J ' I rarely share a general belief, even in matters which concern me more deeply than the rumoured death of an acquaintance.' ' This rumor took the form of a cablegram sent, by a servant whom you recommended to us.' ' I stood sponsor for the fellow's cooking, not for his veracity, or his sanity.' The shprt sentences, sternly swift as tho first passes in a duel a la mort, ceased s arply. During another long moment neither man moved,— a moment in which Tom fought a nobler battle for' Mabel's future happiness than ever knight of old waged for his lndy's name ; and the adver- saiy.he conquered , was his own fierce desire to strike his clinched hand against Van Eyck\s sneering smile. 'Good-night, Wynne/ he said, rather breathlessly. '. Bring a ghost, I am inspired by the well-known ghostly liking for- solitary prowling.' ' Without . further word to Van Eyck, he walked, down the room, followed by Wynne. . f Right you are,' that gentleman , mur mured, rejoicingly conscious of having escaped complicity in a row. ' ' I doubt : whether 'you could prove anything .and accusation, un-; less ' proved, '' seeru'a ' nier'e' blaekguardism. GleVer. nasoal !he. ls,-eh? Neat,' that' hint about the cook's canity. Breakfast with me to morrow, at, ten inv boy. I'll hunt up two or three old chums, and we'll drink to your ue v leuse of life.' Van Eyck was turning over an eve ning paper when Wynne passed him again. 'Has Stuart been interviewing his dis appointed heirs ?' ho asked languidly ; ' or did he lose his manners iu Africa ?' ' He has had a curious experience.' ' I should like to hear how ho enraged say verv peaceable cook.' ' Ho says the cook had no cause for grudge against him.' : Van Eyck shrugged his shoulders. ' That is a statement whioh few will believe, even though a man return from tho dead to tell it/ ho quoted, cynically.. Then he rose ' Ta-ta, Wynne/ he said, without offering his hand, — perhaps because Wynne's remained somewhat rigidly pendent. '_T sail in tho Majestic to-morrow ; duo in Scotland next week for tho August shoot ing.' ' Scotland ? Capital idea. You couldn't do bettor,' Wynne declared, and went to dinner chuckling softly. 'Tom wins, by Jove, after throwing down his cards. And there must be one woman yet as constant as Penelope/ . : Tom Stuart, however,' had not thrown down all his cavils. Though he had. resolved to leave unaccused the man who had by such ingenious treachery won Mabol from him, he owed it. to .her to write her of his. roturai, lind of his unchaiigpd lovp, not mentioning V ail -EjJ CK y uumu, psruupa. n.o iuiu Swiftly along a way that, had used ' to.be the way to Paradise, there drifted across the tu rhult of hia thoughts some lines which thrilled him wondrously ; There's a time'in the lives of mostwomen and men When tangle'! threads would grow smooth and even If only the dead could know just' "when : ! To come biick and he forgiven/ 'Was this-' ghostly- coming back the ' just when'' ? Surely "lie would not -lose1 the chance pf it ! Mabel, of course- must now- be out of town; he ctiuld get her address from' the care- - hiker left in charge of her house, and she; should have his letter before seeing Van : Eyck again- — ! Very bleak-and black the tall house looked is he rang, — darkly different ifrom' the bril liant welcome its Hghted windows had been wont to offer him. I 'Her addi ess, is it ? She's here herself, — c une into the:city for a 'Couple of days/ the care-taker replied- to his demand/ then van- ishpd in haste to finish one of the perennial ineals of her class ' The drawing' room, despoiled of curtains an d por ti ero.-v y earn ed before; him, a. dim cave, with an atnv .sphere rcdplcnt of linen furniture povers instead of mouidy stone ; and into its depths he stumbled1 Yes, Hlic'rwas; there; rising tremulously fronvthe sliarlow-s,' wbite as the vision she be lieved him to bo. I 1 Tom ? . Tom ! — Is this dreaming ? or dy ing?1 she wlii-pered, awed but hot afraid ; pot afraid, because love, tliuuk God,' is mightier, tjiau. ..death or fear of it.; : / With this thanksgiving ho took her in his arms, and forgave the rest of the world its treachery.-und its forgetfulneas.— Ellen Mac- kubin. 