THE STORYTELLER. T H E Q U E E N OP THE SOUTH. CHAPTER XVIII. It Is the custom in most paper-milta far Ihe workmen to be employed day and night, Saturday being the only exception. Then (be fireB are extinguished at an early hoar, and the men dismissed till tbe following Mondayj of course it is perfectly understood that they work in relays. It was on the last night of the week when the hero of our tale sought the counting-house, in order to possess himself of Caroline Sidney's letters and write his last farewell. Had the circumstance struck him, in ell probability he would have ascertained who were the persons he bad passed on his way, at a time when the watchman, a humble bat faithful friend of Mr. Parday, was supposed to be the only person on the premises. The name of tbis man was JameB Brice He was punctual to his duties as clockwork, and as incorruptible as bis employer himself, who reposed unbounded confidence in bis honesty and vigilance. The respectable portion of the workmen esteemed him highly ; but to the dishonest he was terror. No plundering could be carried on whilst he was on his post, no smuggling of rags or brass fittings; he had an eye for everything. Augustus and his companion, who certainly bad not sought the mill for any good purpose, concealed themselves in the sol a long, low room, where the paper, when manufactured, passed through tbe hands of the sorters—in order to watcb the pro cediags of Frederick. They could not have chosen a more favorable Bpot, sicca it WB8 situated directly opposite the windows Of the counting-house. " Humph," ejaculated Rourke ; " I think we are forestalled in our visit. Your friend is beforehand with us." " Friend!" repeated the hypocrite; " I detest him. 4 ' " And why, may I ask ?" The reasons of tbe yonog man were such as he did not think it prudent to explain, for although he had sucoeeded, by the promise of enabling the father of his victim to pass the rest of his days in sottish ease, at times there broke frrth a spark of vindictive feeling, which proved to bim that all sense of shame and natural affection for bis outraged child were not entirely extinct within his heart. " Does he know of the money being in the safe ?" added tbe speaker. " Of course he does/' replied Augustus, Impatiently. " And where the keys are kept ?" " Undoubtedly—Mr. Purday has no secrets from him. So great is the old fool's infatuation, that it's my opinion he would willingly see him master of the mill instead of a simple clerk." "And your cousin's husband into the bargain," observed bis companion, who had beard something of the attachment between our hero and the heireBS from Miry; " now I can understand wby you hate him." By this time Frederick had succeeded in lighting the lamp, and the two speakers could distinctly see him open his desk, and commence sorting and reading some papers. " What think you of his honesty now ?" demanded Rourke, whispering the words in the ear of his companion. " Hush," said tbe youth ; " Brice is in the yard." Attracted by the light which streamed through the counting-bouse window, tbe fiitbful watchman advanced to ascertain the cause, and sturdily inquired who was there. The reply satisfied bim at once, for the young man was no less a favorite with the servant than the master. " I shall be occupied for half an hour or 80,*' said out hero. " Wh«»n I have finished p~rhaps you will take charge of the key till morning." " Willingly," said the old man; " but bloss us, Mr. Frederick, what is tbe matter with you t You look as pale as if you had seen tbe ghost which fools say baunt the mill. Are you unwell f" "No, Brice, no," answered the unhappy lover. " I am tired, vexed with myself for my carelessness. I have forgotten sjm-v thiag wbicb 'Return to me in h*!f an hour—I shill ba better then." J.itnpB Brie* 1 promised to do as he was directed, adding, that it wonld take bim that time to mike bis rounds and see every IhSns; secure. * - Tad two cpiGd—their intentions they were perhaps worse than spieB—continued to watch the proceedings of oar hero. They saw him read several letters, more than one of which he pressed to his lips; and then, as if ashamed of his weakness, cast it from him. When he had concluded, he began to write; bat it appeared difficult to satisfy himself. Sheet after sheet of paper was torn up, or co isumod in the flame of the lamp. By tin time the watchman returned, he had concluded and carefully sealed a small paceet, which he thrust in the pocket of his coat. Have you finished, Master Fred i" inquired the old man, in a familiar tone. " Had it been any other than Saturday night I should have felt uneasy at the connting-honse being open so late. There are bad characters in the mill, though, since Rourke left, the worst is gone." " Is he f" muttered the ruffim, in a tone of suppressed anger; "that remains to be Bien." ^ His companion motioned him to keep silence. The daor was carefully locked, and the. shutters, which had purposely been left open by Augustus, closed by our hero, who gave the key to Brice, and after f-hiking hands with bim, wished bim " goodnight." A whispered consultation ensued as to the bbst means ot * fleeting their object— which was nothing less than to plunder the iron safe—between Augustus and Rourke. This was the pledge which the latter bad demanded that he would Keep faith with j him—a bond of mutual guilt. The visit of Frederick suggested the possibility in the minds of both the plotter of turning suspicion from themselves and directing it towards him. It is true the father of Mary had no cause of dislike —bat the hypocritical seducer hated bim bitterly. " Curse him," muttered the former; " he has closed the shutters." Then our object is defeated for this night, at hast," observed his companion, in a tone of suppressed satisfaction—for the only qualification he lacked to make bim an accomplished villain was courage. Not so," paid the tempter with a sneer " you forget Brice has the key—wc must obtain it" " How V The ruffian Bhrugged his shoulders. " He would die," added Augustus, "rather than resign it. You know his obstinacy and honesty." " I know that be is a fool," replied the man, " and that you are little better than a cur. What Mary could have seen in you to listen to your lying promises I can't imagine; but you will not deceive me," he added. "I know you—know you thoroughly—and am not to be played with." This was reverting to a subj ct which Augustus always felt more anxious to avoid —for it seemed to rouse the worst passions in the breast of the speaker. He therefore dexterously contrived to change the conversation by asking him again in what manner he proposed t i obtain entrance— adding that the shutters and doors were plated with iron. "As I said before," replied tbe fellow, impatiently; " by the key." " Would you murder the old man ?" " Not unnecessarily. A smart blow would only stun him, and a duck in the mill-pond recover him afterwards." " Monster, d) you think that I " "Fair and softly, master," interrupted bis companion; "just ask yourself this question: Is it worse to knock a prying old rascal who stands in our way on the head or to rob a poor girl of her innocence murder her peace of mind ? The law, you tell me, makes a wide distinction— that mo^y will compensate for one crim«. whilst justice lays its paws upon you for the other. I am of a different way of thinking—I make my own law*, and am prepared to carry them out." ^ So saying, he began to handle his bludgeon in a very threatening manner. Augustus understood the hint, and expressed himself satisfied that his reasoning was just. - a t " £ thought you would be convinced at last" observed the fellow, wiih a g«ia. « LU US conceal ourselves behind the trees by the side of the counting-house Brice is in the grounds now—we shall have plenty of time to cross the yard before he fZl-, here," he adde*, " take this." Ha n'^Cfd the h.avy knotted stick m the hands of the young mar, who eyed it irith a lo> k of vacacfc wonder. " And what em I to do with this?" be ^Eaock bim on the bead," wss the cool reply, "Ah, you m»y efcw. but itmust be done. If yon attempt to play me false 1 I shall make short work of it. I told you there must be a bond between as, and yet you hesitate to sign it." Rourke drew from his pocket a long clasp-knife, which he deliberately opened, and tried the sharpness of the blade by drawing it across bis thumb-nail, keeping his eyes fixed all the while on his dnpe, whose blood began to run cold—aot with remorse—for that was a stranger to his heart—but terror; and for the first time in his life he bitterly lamented bis lapse from the path of honor. " Put up your koifr," ha exclaimed; "it shall be as yon advise." " Time enough when it is done," quietly observed Patrick, who secretly despised the chicken-hearted craven whom he was luring to his ruin. " Here, drink," he added, thruBtlng a pocket-fhsk filled with brandy to his lips; " it will give you what you never had yet—pluck." Augustus did as he was directed— obeyed him like a terrified child. "Finish it," said the raffiinj "you want it." It was drained to the last drop, and then returned. In a few minutes the intoxicating draught produced the effect so artfully designed; the blood began to course through his veins. The horrible species of fascination under which the wretched seducer euff.red rendered him pliant as a reel in the hands of the designing villain, whose obect was to secure a hold upon hi3 fears, and then mould him to his pnrpose. He followed him to the clump of trees which he had designated, and awaited tha coming of his victim. In about ten minutes the watchman made his appearance. "Now," Baid Rourke, ia a whisper " now is your time." Augustus hesitated. " He or you," muttered the tempter, drawing his knife. He hesitated no longer, bu% springing from his concealment, struck Brice a blow upon the heal. Had the blndgeon fallen fairly it mast have deprived him of his senses ; but it glanced by tbe side of his hat, and its chief force was expended on shoulder of his victim, who turned and grappled with him " Release your grasp," shouted Augustus. The old man recognised bis voice, and pronounced his name in accents of astonishment, for he could not conceive what he had done to incur his enmity. The idea of tbe son of the rector —the cousin of bis young mistress—robbing the place never once entered his imagination ; but he still held bis grasp upon his assailant. "Not so," he said; "this must bs explained." They continued to struggle for some time, Rourke looking on the while with the cold, critical eye of the experienced gladiator. Terror and shame so far overcame tbe excitement of the youtb, that he must have yielded. Ia his agony he called to his companion for help. " Help yourself," replied the ruffian, at the same time placing a knife within his hand. A second blow was struck, but this time it was destined to prove fatal to the courageous, faithful fellow, who, despite his ag P, had so well pel formed bis duty. He fell with a deep groan upon the ground, and never spoke again. The weapon of 'he murderer had reached hia honest heart. "Well," observed the tempter, "there IB some pluck in you, I find at last. He is done for." " r>aad J No—no—not dead I" groaned Augustus. As an rx felled in the shambles," said Rourke, at the same time giving the body a kick * " we have no time to lose. Search for tfce'key." «' I—impossible." "Iu that case I shall leave you to give the best account you can of the affair; bat I question if all your father'* preaching or your mother's money will save you from being,hanged. Goid-night." " Don't leave me," exclaimed tbe terrified youth; "for heaven's sake do not leave me. I will do as you bid me—follow your advice in everything. God!" he added, " I shall go mad if I remain here alone." « Ob, as yon please," coolly replied the man who bad so lately urged, nay, forced him t-i Ibc cammiseioa of ihe crime ; " only no Ivsve no lime to lose." Th ,ir fiist step, after finding the key, *?A8 t ) drag ihe corpse of the old man into the c'omp of tree6 where they bad stood they oonce i»r3ceedvi -led, waitirg to tbe his counting-house, approach ; that done, and, forcing open Mr. Parday'a desk, proceeded to rifle the safe. It contained nearly two thousand pounds. With this they quitted tbe mill, and hastened to the wood to divide the spoil, of which Rourke took care to have his share. Ha might have had it all, for anything AagustUB cared. His brain reeled with terror, and he would have given worlds, bad he possessed them, to have recalled the last hour of his life. " Poor Brice," he murmured; " tbis is a dream, a horrible dream. I sever can be the degraded wretch—the assassin—tha monster that you would make me." " I make you," said his companion in crim*, with a sneer; " that you have mad* yourself, you mean. It was not my band that struck the blow. I only advised-— came to your assistance when you called for help." " I shall go mad," murmured his dupe, wildly. " I feel that my senses are deserting me—there is blood upon my hands— upon my soul," he added, with a groan ; " the air I breathe is thick with it." The tempter began to feel seriously alarmed at the incoherent words of the young man; and more than once the thought presented itself that it would be better to put him out of the way at once— one only feeling restrained him—the recollection of bis daughter, for her honour wis to be repaired, then he cared not what became of him. " Pooh," he said ; " you will forget all tbis nonsense by to-morrow. A pretty bridegroom you will make." " Bridegroom 1" " Ay, bridegroom," repeated Rourke ; " I believe I pronounced it plain enouqh. Vile drunkard that I am, I have still a father's feelings for my innocent child, a father's pride. Think you I would save her teducer from the gallows, run the risk of my own life to cotceal bis crime ? No, I am not such an idiot as tha', whatever I might do for a son-in- law." Augustus struck his forehead and mutterec the word " Fool—fool." «' Ab, you may well call yourself that," continued the speaker, "though it is my opinion roguo would have been a better word ; but I am not going to quarrel with you—especially as we are about to be so nearly related. In three days Mary must be your wife, or " He left tbe threat unfinished, but bis hearer knew what it implied. " Why did I not consent before t" said the seducer. "Much better if you had, for all our eakes," observed the father of Lis victim; " ba'. you were not to be persuaded. Now go," he said; " sleep will put you to rights. In the morning we will speak of this again. Show a bold front, and you may pass unsuspected by the world." " Heaven will know it," murmured tbe assassin. "Pray that it keeps its knowledge to itself," exclaimed Patrick Rourke, impatiently ; " if it blabs, it is all over with you. Why, what a pi ifu', spiritless cur you are," he added; "it is not the crime which troubles you—tut the consequence. Had posr Miry drowned herself ia the mill- pond in despair and shame, you would have slept quietly enough. It is the ft&r; of the gibbet—not the remorse ef your confidence—whish haunts yon." There was a terrible trn'h in the brief, stern words of the speaker—but Angus us felt be deserved them and that it waa too late to resent them. Bitterly did he curse the cowardice which bad yielded to the mr-mces of tbe ruffian—better a hundred timet' that be had braved them. " I will see you to-morrow," he said ; " but be careful bow you let it be known iu the village that you have money ; every eye will be upon the wa'ch to detect us." " Us ! You you mean. I never touched the old man's life; and as for the cash, you ^ave it me." " Ruffian," answered Augusta?, roused to temporary firmness by the cool insoler ce of this speech ; " another such a word, and I proceed to the nearest magistrate and denounce myself and you; even life iteelE may be purchased at too desr a price. Yoo think that I am in your power—not more than you are in mice. The law mikt3 no difference between the accomplice and the actual murderer," Rourke perceived that he bad gone too far.' " All right," he said ; " I only did it to roust? you. Nothing crashes & fi-Uow like sleep, ndcncy. Came," he added, "give »ae y ur hand—let ua part friends." It was suddenly extended towards bim. " What am I to pay to Mary f he ' j added. " That I will see her myself in the morning if possible—if not, in the evening, present I can decide on nothing." With these words he disappeared, and his companion in crime cast a withering scowl after him. CHAPTER XIX. Before entering the Warden's Arms, Frederick, whose mind was fully made up to the course he should pursue, directed his steps to the stables in search of B«D, whom he felt certain of finding there. It was his intention to entrust the old man with the packet to Caroline; he knew that he could rely on his fidelity to follow his instructions to the very letter; and he wished that it should be given to no hand but hers. It was a poor caneolation, still it was one, to be assured that she would read the last lines which woald ever pass be waen them ; the outpourings of his very heart wrung from its tortures. " Pehapg," he thought, " she will regret me when I am gone, and confess that I was worthy of a better fate." The idea was a Bad one, yet it pleased him. " What, Master Fred I" exclaimed the old ostler, with a look of surprise, " you here at such an hour. Wby I thought you had been in your room reading or writing poetry, as misses calls it, long since, but you seem mortal pale," he added : " be there ought the matter ?'' " Nothing, Brin—at least, nothing very par icnlar," replied his young master, at tempting to force a smile. <> I require you to do me a service." " A service," repeated the honest fellow, looking pleased; " that I will, before you could ask me, if I knew what it was." " Are you acquainted with any one at the rector's ?" " Coachman and I be pretty thick ; but I thought you were number one there," answered the man with a knowing grin. "I want this packet," continued our hero, pretending not to notice his words, and still less the look which accompanied them, " given into the bands of Caroline— that is, Miss Sydney—bat, mind, into no hands but hers. I have some reason to think that it might never reach her were it left at the house in the ordinary way." "I know, Master Fred—I understand. Bless thee, I bean't so old but I recollect my own pranks when I wor your age. I'll do it, they need be cunnbg, indeed," he added, " if they get over me." " Remember it must be done privately." "All right," said Brin, extending bis hand to receive the packet which Frederick gave him with a deep-drawn sigh, for in parting with the letters, it seemed as if the last ties were broken between him Bnd the heiress for ever. The old man eyed him wistfully, as if he wished, yet feared, to give offence by speaking. "Good night," said the youth; "give me your hand." The ostler shook it heartily. " Good night, Master Fred," he said, " thee will be better in the mornin'. know what it be all about—love." " Love I ridiculous." "Ay, that's what master used to say nfore bis time came; but he married at last, so did I, and so will you. My Sally gave me many a beart-ache, only I didn't choose to show it. It makes the women so conceited like; and they have enough of that, at least some of 'em already." With this philosophical refl-clian—the result, doubtless, of his own experience— the speaker resumed his employment of littering down the horses for the night, which the visit of his young master had interrupted. Just as our hero reached the door of the stable, he called him back, to ask if he was to receive any answer. A dry negative was the reply; and Frederick quickened his steps, lest the faithful fellow should perceive the agitatun which the simple question caused him, " Humph," mattered Brin, seating himself oo a truss of hay; " some love qaarrel, I suppose. Livers be never so happy as when they are making each other miserable. I remember the time when I would have quarrelled for a straw. Lord—lord, it seems as if love no sooner found its way into the heart than the brains flew ont of the head. Won't agree, I suppose. They'll come to their senses some day or another, as I and Sally did. Only to think that her fancy for master was all a sham, to try me. Of course I believe it," he added, winking confidentially to the old piebald hor e, having no cCh.ec confidant in the Stable. From this It was evident that Mrs. Brin'* flc^uetft ftM to latprm that traft upon his mind ; but he affected to believe it, and tbat answered the same pnrpose. It is astonishing what a peace-maker a little oblique credulity is in married life. Frederick entered the house just as John Purday was quitting it. The old man had been spending his evenings as usual at the Warden's Arms; there was something more than usually cordial In the " goodnight " which passed between them. The youth remembered all his kindness, and that years, in all probability, might elapBe before they met again. A far harder task was to maintain his composure in the presence of Matthew Price and the warm-hearted woman who had been a second mother to him. He loved them both dearly, and his heart smote him when he reflected wLat a blow his departure would inflict upon their happiness —for they regarded him as a son. " I must be brief," he thought, " or my agitation will betray me." Why, bless me," said Mrs. Price, regarding him anxiously, " how pale the boy looks. Are you ill, Fred ?" " No—nj, fatigued—nothing more." The wife recommended a posset, which she offered to prepare with her own hands, and bring to him in his chamber—her husband recommending reBt. " Ton are right, father," said the yonng man—he knew the appellation would please him. " Rest is all that I require. In the morning I shall be quite recovered —so " He hesitated; the words " good-night" stuck in hie throat—for he knew they woald be the last. " Why, what ails the boy ?" demanded the old man; "anything wrong at the mill? But there, I need not ask that question," he added. " It is not an hour ago since Mr. Purday declared that he was perfectly satisfied with you." His wife thought he must be difficult to please indeed if he were not, and mentally asked herself where he could get such another clerk, The adieu at last was uttered; but despite his resolution, there was something so unusually fervid in the pressure of bis hand to the old man and the kiss he gave his foster-mother, that when he quitted the bar they regarded each othsr for some monjeotfl in alienee, "There is something wrong," observed Mrs. Price, at last; " I felt assured of it, and I've a great mind to " " Let him alone," said Matthew, who, despite the affection with which Frederick invariably treated him, stood in some degree of awe of his firmness and indepeu dent spirit; " he can't bear to be questioned. It will be all right as he says in the morning. He is dull, perhaps," he added, " because Mr. Claridge left us so unexpectedly." The landlady of the Warden's Arms expressed a wish that Mr. Claridge had stayed away all together, observing tbat his visits always unsettled the bey—an opinion in which her husband secretly coincided. " 'Tis past," murmured oar hero, as he stood for the last time, perbapB, in the little chamber where he had passed so many y^ars of his boyhood; "the last trial is over." He looked aroand him. Scucely an obj ct in the room but was endeared by some association. The desk on which he had written his school exercises, at which he had sat long after the inmates of the house had retired to rest, to pour forth hiB soul in his correspondence with Caroline, the bed whose pillow had been haunted by the sweet dreams which bless the lover's sleep—no wonder that he felt a pang as he gezed, or that a feeling of irresolutioa crept over him. "This is weakness," he continued; " such dreams for me are past. I.mast awake to the reality of life, its straggles, its endurance. Claridge was right; action, enterprise, employment are the only refuge for the regret which corrodes the heart, the sorrow which unmans it. If the wound I have received is mortal," he added, "at leaBt I will hide it from the world. It shall not see it till I am dead," With this reflection he hastily collected such articles of dress as he Intended to take with him, and after listening at the head of the stairs to ascertain that all was quiet, cautiously quitted the hoose, and walked rapidly on till he reached the churchyard, which he entered, and prayed for the last time beside his mother's grave. " There is a misfortune in both oar destinies," he thought, " but heaven has been more merciful to her, Sha died in the fcl⪚ pf her lover- hfr coupdeRpe qu. broken—her heart unoutraged. I live,'' he added, " to endure the consciousness of both." Plucking a faded flower from the rosetree which grew at the foot of the turfbound mound, he first pressed it to his lips then placed it near his heart. " Both are withered," he said, " but the perfume of the flower and the memory of the heart remain/' Resuming bis journey he soon reached the downs, and struck out at a smart pace into the high road to Dover. He had not visited the town since the night of his memorable ride to serve Mr. Claridge and the smugglers. Little had he then con. templated the present hour. . We must leave the hero of our tale for awhile to pursue his journey, and return to events which were about to paBs at the mill. Nothing could exceed the horror and consternation of John Parday, when intelligence was brought him that his faithful friend and servant had been found murdered, the counting-house opened, and the safe plundered. It was not the money that he cared for, although the amount was a serious one. But the loss of life; no after success, economy, or care could reoall the existence so ruthlessly destroyed. He hastened at once to the scene of crime. Tbe news bad so confused both the master and the servant that the latter forgot to inform him of Frederick's visit the over night in search of the keys—which as our readers will recollect—he had left with Bryce to be returned. (7*0 be continued ) 