A LITTLE BARREL 0RGM. CHAPTER r. ' A pretty toy ! but will it not soon get out of order ?' I inquired of my boy's godfather. 'No,' wan the laughing rejoinder j ' ' he mny bang it nnd thump it, turn it to thu right or to the left, use it for u bull, or anything ha likes, but that little barrol organ is warranted never to go wrong.' And as time wore on. the f*t podgy fingera of my darling, four years old, played the moBt daring experiments on the little homely, rough-lonking instrument. But it always responded, and played ?its two tunes through with unfailing patience and good humoured promptitude. One was a German rrultZj its name 1 never discovered, the other was the celebrated ' La ci darem la Mnno,' from Mozart's masterpiece, tho matchloss 'Don Gio vanni.' My boy J3rio never wearied of thiB quaint barrel-organ. It waB his constant companion in sickness and in health. Nay, when ho was quite a little fellow he took it to bed with him. In fact, he privately informed inn he should keep it until he w&b; (-. big man, and then it would come in for his own little boy. And I, in my cum, loved tbo email, goad -Jiumoured instrument; as much ns he did, and many iv pleasant hour passed, for I, and my Eric were always happy when together and alone. I plied thy busy ueedle, and |he played ' La ci darom' to , amuse the little mother. Let tne linger awhile lovingly, regretfully, over these bright gulden hours wa passed together, my boy and I. They faded away brief and '.fleeting, like a glorious midsummer eve, and' I ain left alone And desolate, to weep my mother's tears over a broken toy, its sweet tunc hushed for over now, with these pale ghosts of memory. And so the time passed peacefully and happily, uatil Eric was two years old, and then came the sorest trial my life had hitherto known. My husband, away in India, waB taken seriously ill. His life was despaired of, and,! in answer to proyers aud entreaties, I determined to. join him there and leave my darling in England. ' For, if you take your lad with you ho wiildio,' said my medical man briefly. ' Dosides, have you no near re lations you nan trust the boy with?' ' Yes,' I answered reluctantly j 'my only sister, 'Mrs. Philip Savillo, would tako care of him during the holidays, I suppose. For I have selected a school for him, and thought it advis able he should bo a hoarder, as thero he sh'ould havo some little ? friends to play with; besides, I know the lady -who ke»ps it slightly, and like it very much. It Will do' for him ? until lie is twelve, for I. am afraid his studies have been neglooted rather.'' ' Tho very thing, Mrs. Monckton;; nothing could ? really bo better,' said the doctor cheorfully. Why, what's tho matter; don't givo way, there's ? a dear bouI. You can trust your own sister to look ' after him, oan't ynu P It is not like leaving him r.tttterly to the care of strangors.' 'Oh, yon!' I answer through my tons. 'Alicia ? is a darling i but, somehow, I never liked Saville.' ' Why not, P I am sure ho is both fnsoinating and .?clover. Some day ho will bo at the top of his pro ?fession, Mrs. Monokton; mark nay words, 'Phil Savillo will make a nairio in tho world.' ' What a prrjudiced woman you are.' henddod, 'laughingly. Come to think of it, I suppose your ?dislike to Savillo is tho ronson of my boing installed as family dootor instead of your brother-in-law. I often wondered why I waB so honoured. Now I ?know it.' 'I am nob in spirits to make a rejoinder. 'A letter .oomes from my hiiBband, suggesting Brio should be left with my bister. So, with a breakingiheart and gloomy forebodings, I how to the inovitablo, and ixnako my preparations for India. '?You will write to poor mother every mail,' ' I itnanago to gasp out, as I strain my darling to,, my 'broaat. ' Never forget your prayers, SErlo, and ?never forget me. Dlrootly father can sparo mo 'I -6ha'11-oomo bnolc. Bo a good boy to your aunt' and ?uncle, - as you have always been to me- 'Ono moro ?kiss, I?rlo, Henr. This is really tho Inst, for1 1 sup pose nmy timo is up.' I appeal pitjeously to '.my sister as I nay this. 1' soolttiioito eompnsalon exprosaod on her pretty fnoo, winoh acorns to havo well extended to tho cold, haudftaino ono of her husband, who stood bosififf hor. ' ' Host oontpnfr, Isabel,' ho said, gently,, as ho took both .my hands, ' we will tako oaro of Erio as if ho wero our vory own.' And alight!;/ comforted I wont my way, Boeing through my tears dimly thn little group in tho hall ns'somUItid to wish ino farewell; Alloin, young and girlish, -in hen pretty groy frock, Philip Suvilln, tall , ,iind ImniSoomMiis Tin thrown anroRRlngly round my boy's nootc. And ho, trying to boar up man fully so ac not to dlstre»n mo, wan notunlly engaged ' in plnylnp hlwllttlo organ, so that tho mother should depmrt ft' 't.lio sound of musio. na became^ ?Boldl'jr'a wlf«t ,SftI wont away with Moznrb'eflwont inir ringing iin iirycnrs. ? OTJAP I'ER ir. 'Juab one turn,' JWrs, Monoklion, for nuld nnquafii taneosakej' .?«f My waUjrilnif.dfi.yc nro over, Major Desmond,'* I sopliod, laughing, ?' I much pro for being a wall flower at my timo riMtfo. Even tlio strains of that cnohantlng ' TO no D/r«uho' fall tn tempt mo. Dear old .wait/,, then* never was its equal, bub I wonder at) thoir li living Hi in the id days,' ' 'By apnolal roqueabl' '(Demnond answered. 'Wo ?divnocd it tounther, Mrs. Monokton, I won't say how ? many .years ngo, K never hnd a pnrtnor whoso step wont) with inlnn lllio yours, Surely, you will not bu no oruel as to refimo.nao thisflltble favour.** Ho fliieiticd In «iu\u-iat, „r.nd almoHb liuct at my ?doaldod rofunnl. ' My onno light ntop nna loow ira ounnsng. xoi will put me down wlttti n sigh of rolluf aft-or the tflrnb round;' ' Howovor, if you *-ot*1ily wish it, I will do my ' Juab then tlui .hand wnw.plnyingjltH inoat brilliant, 1,ou1j strainnt and Driauinn-S whirled mo into the olrolo without fwi'tlior anrouiony. For rv fow nil mutes, I enjoyod (tho valso mailt thoroughly, and £ Auppotm my' partner did nlao, for ho witiapiii'tHl— ' . 'Norar nay your dnnalug dtciyn nre ovor. xou nro still 'a pnpin.'.' . . , ' I infilm a laughing re, 1°' miter, mul .rnburnod t io oompllinent, Dunolntr -with Piiffoli Dontnond Is lilto ' troadlng on air.' HntV,ln Paot, tlio vory 'pootry of motion,' But nuddtfuly I at-opl my a^P' »»o . fnttorlng and utmto/idy. 7'horo Ih no loiitfor nny rliythnj or proalnloii, tuttl I' Imvo ticoomo awkwiu'u irnd olumsy. Tho band liua nenm'd llw joyAito oUnir, and in ita abend I hnai'- what V Tiny, sw(ic6 viW«lo, aa from a ahtld'n toy, /lnats nn thu warm, pwfrti.'H'd air, Merolful I rnftvnn I tho ntniliifl aro f/^uilllar to me, for I rcongnl*ii tiiu 'Li al durtmi' or unloved iiwimnry, Wltti Mlilvrlng hnrrnr, I hnObily draw tnynolf from Desinoiid'a onolrnllng ftt'in,' flly flonh ornenR, nnd bint warm blood oouvoliig v hroil/fh juy volnt) lino (iitrmid (ia luo, ' What's the nutter, Mrs. Monokton,' aBks my partner j ' you look ghastly t are you ill P' ' I do not know,' I answer, vaguely; 'but, any way, I cannot danco any more. Besides, the band bos left off.' Desmond looked puzzled. ' Dear Mrs. Monckton, they are still playing * Blue Danube.' But you look so faint, let me find you a Boat, and then I will hunt up Gilbert and send him to you.' He offers me his arm, for which I am more than tnannrui — ana nnas me acomrjrc&oiu; coucn. alien goes to And my husband, according to promise, Presently Gilbeit cumn bustling up. ' Why I Isabel I darling ! you look aB if you had seen a ghost!' ' Huah !' I answered. 'Don't joke on such a subject. I believe I have heard one. But, dearest, got. tiie home, and I will, tell you all. Don't worry me with questions now.' ' And Gilbert, poor old fellow, awe struck by my fafee and manner, complied, and very soon we were iu our own quiet restful rooms, alone and un disturbed in the early hours of the morning. When I told him all, he shook his head, and Baid it was fancy or hysteria, and suggested sending for the dootor. 'You have been thinking very much of Erie lately, darling and worrying into tho bargain. I an sure the lad's letters are bright and cheerful. He seems very huppy at school, and, in the holidays Aliuia and Saville literally load him with kindn --fiB. When tho next mail brings yon one of his jolly letters, you will laugh at your own tears——.' ' Tbo mail will bring news of his death, Gilbert,' I answered solemnly, and, I shall go to England to spe there has been no foul play, and that my heart's darling met his end from natural causes.' 'Good Gud I Ieahel. What fiend could have the heart to murder our innocent lad like that 1' ' Philip Savillo! I answered with a tearless sob. Oh I Eric 1 my buy ! I shall never seo you again ! I ought never to have left you,' ' You did all you could for the best, Isabel,' my husband replied with » certain grave dignity which became him admirably; 'no angel oan do more. Do not reproach yourself so bitterly, my wife! Believe me, you are over-wrought, or such terriblo fantasies could never enter your mind.' ' So, for my husband's sake I tried to be oaltn, and hope for the best, and positively succeeded ; for in a few weeks came the brightest of letters from Eric, as hiB father had propheaied, and that quite restored my spirits. I concluded, with a lightened heart, that the episode of tbe ball room waR literally an hysterical fancy, and went about my duties with the cheerfulness of yore. Bub ono night, as I knelt at my prayers, and was commending my darling Eric to tbe protootion of tho Almighty, clearly and distinctly came the strains of tho little barrel organ, playing, ns usual, the sweet air wo were bo 'familiar with. Appalled, I ventured to look around. So distinot and clear was the music, that £ almost, I may say quite, ex. pcoted to see tho player whose ghostly little fingors turned the handle ot tho toy. But thoro ,waB no one, only tlio music kept on i and on, aB if it would never stop. At last I dtvbormined to apoak as it indead the ' wraith' of my hoy stood boforo me. ' Eric ! my lovo !' I faltered, outstretohing my arinB into spaae, as if indeed to him, 'the littlo mother hoars, aud knows on this earth alio will never olasp you to her loving heart - again. She will return to England, and your oruel death Bhall bei avenged. Aud I feel and know that God in His mercy will guide my steps, and bring tho murderor to justice, whoever ho may be.' I huvo no vooolluction of what followed next, for I fainted away, and in that oondition was found by my! 'husband. When I was recovered, I told him I should pro-' oeed to England by the next steamer, and no' power on oarth would induco mo to stay in India,, after what I had heard. ' If you can gno leave,' I said, decisively, ' you 1 can join me Utor on, But I go ab onae.' And ab last I wrung a roluotant consent; from him. ' You nro munle haunted, Isabel,' he said, with n faint.Bnillu | ' that ie all,' But the night before my dopnrburo I had a tor-, rible droam. I wna in a drawing-room, tho prim, ordorly ap peiiranao of which seemed very familiar to mo, although at ,tho time I aould nob recall whoso it was, or whoro I had aeon it, There was a gontlu . man altUog by the table. Apparently ho had oomo to make n oall, for ho had retained both hat and oano. His fnon was turnod toward tho door, evi dently in oxpoomtlon of seoing someone. ProBontly the door oponod, and, with a thrill, Ircoognisod the bright, hnndsomo faoo and. suuny hair of my darl ing Brio. . Ho boundod up to tho gentleman, who Mused: him nlTnotinnatoly, motioued him to sib by his side, and placed .jlils arm onreaslngly round tho bo^'s1 nook, Thou i imow i wna looicmg on i'liimp HiVvuiq. A Burvnnli thon cnmo In with wlno and cake. A rioh, bnautiful-lnoltiug onlco, with nlmonda on.lt. And, somehow, I gathered it wna a present to the boy, nud I miw his natural delight »b his unole out a. largo pioou and gavo it him. Phillip Savillo did not partako hiniMulf, bub drunk off two or three] glanaua nf wine'in n hurried, norvoua way,' nnliko; his usual cool, col Iwot-ed self. ?Primo n tly Iih drew a tempting looking parcel Proin tho ruunHsun cif h ia groat coat, vvhloli ho gavo l;ii ,Rrin tn nnon. \ From my anrner I could lion tho wliolo of tbo - oonfcontB, Beautiful, ooubly IPronoh swoota'of nil klnda, .But whnti struck ino na alngnlnr and Inoon gruoun .wns tho preconoe of tlio liumblo jujube loisungo which I ro muni her od waa Arab and para mount favour I to with my liny, Ho .handed itliwiw t.o hla unola, who took ono of the largest nnd dalntloab. saw my din-ling nut nsldo the mnro tempting onon, nnd'holp hlpiaelf to the jnjubo liMioiwoH. Thon tho aoono' fndud nwny, iiiirt'j.'wnB In tlio fltreotfl of a groat olty, I- do not know wlifothor lb waa thub nwno night or wuoko lifter wna'da, Tlio wi,ud blow floroo nnd cold, nnd «iado mo shiver, hut I atlil Icopb hurrying through tlio orue) orowdad atrentn. Thon the ponplo stopped, nnd I stopped to, nnd some ono rond aloud from n nnwapapor plnonvd— ? 'fll VflTHKIOUK PKAtl'H Oli1 A KOirOOIiUOT | BUHI'tia'J'U!) . J'OtHONlNO.' And I glanaod nb. tho dnto, which rend-out «n UBimlly aloar and dlntinob, tb waa Mnroh 17th, And I awolco floruninlng nnd ihlvetlng. A fmv liowa luturl wnn on hoard bho SaNalrnmln bound fw OJnglimd. / aiupvm nr. . « My donr mndnm, blnu'o In absolutely no ovldonoy to justify' hringliiff ivtioli nn nwful' ohnrao ngnlnnb nny num. ?loBrdofl( Miom 1« nn antlro nhflonoo oC toot, I vo,' „ - ,,, , 'Thero Is tibrong mtWilvo,' I nnswor wlbh do olnloii, ' Thorn in tho nj.-'t.lvo of nionoy, niunoly, 4310,000,. whioh bo n iinody ,'inBoriipuloUB utan, llko J, fillip Snvillo, la ii ifodnoiul,' The old lawyer, Mr, Eardley, lifted his h»nd« in polito deprecation. ' Mrs, Monckton, how t explain yourself,' ' By the will of an ^cctntric relation of mine, who left that sum to my oldest son or daughter, but in case of death before attaining 21 it went to my sister Alicia.' ' I admit,' laid Dr. Eardley, ' that gives a' dif ferent complexion to tbo affair. Bub, still, you know, in consequence of the poor boy's sudden death, there was a coroner's inquest. Everything was in order, everything properly sifted. Granted there were slightly suspicious circumstanses, but these were cleared, and Dr. Philip Saville's name stands high and untarnished beforo hiB fellow men, as, indeed, it ever did. You must really bring for ward something more conclusive than dreams and hysterical fancies of a favourite tune the poor little fellow used to ploy. The law, my deat lady, deals with facts, not these cold chimeras of an excited imagination,' ' In the c^ase of murder, permit me to remind you, Mr. Eardley; tbe evidence must be purely circumstantial, not positive. I do not think I ever hoard of a case whore the vietim was despatched before an actual witness; but, perhaps, in your vast experience, you bave met with auch an instance,' I added, with grim satire, 'My dear madam, I have not, moBt certainly. You a--e quite right. But all I Bay is— you seem deteimined to fasten thiB crime on Dr. Saville, and you literally have no ground to go on. I grant you the dream waa most remarkable, bub it oould not be taken ns evidence. The same objection amities tD the music vou sav von have heard.' 1 listened with tbe silence of despair. Of course, he was right. It was an utterly flimsy foundation on which I had built my suspicions and convictions. An enlightened jury would treat me as a raving mad woman. For had not an equally intelligent and enlightened twelve sifted the miserable mutt-r to itB dregs weeks ago, and pronounced that Eric Monckton had died from natural causes only P ' If you persist in bringing forward such terrible charges against your brother-in-law, yon will be considered insane, and treated as such.' A thrill of horror paesed through me as I heard him say those words, ' What if I were buried for ever in the gloom and 'seclusion of a lunatic asylum P' I recalled with a shudder tho one stormy interview I had with Alicia and her husband, Philip Saville, on my return from India. ' You aro mad, Isabel I' he had said. ' Grief for tbe poor lad's death has completely unhinged you. Pray, compose yourself, or I will not answer for the onsequenceB.' And after a little while even Alicia, who loved and pitied mo, Bhrnnk with frightened looks from me. And so it came to pass, a few weeks later found me, Isabel Monckton, an inmate of Dr. Whittaker'B private asylum for tbe insane. CHAPTER IV. _ When I try to recall that dreadful period of my life, it seems like some hideous nightmare, and yet, alas 1 it was all so real 1 1 still usod to hear tbe Bneet childieh music, and, strange to Bay, it was the greatest consolation of ray miserable life, for it eeomed aB if' Eric was again with ino. No ono else heard ib, of course, and that was undoubted proof- of my madness. So win my constant denun ciation of Philip Saville as a murderer. ' Poor dear Mrs, Monokton, what a terrible delusion. Tne last man in the world. one could asBOointe with such a horrible deed. So humane, so gentle,' said Dr. Whittaker, rubbing his fat white bands together. And bo at last, whatever I heard, whatever I thought, I kept to myself, and preserved a wise Bilenoe. If these aro delusions and reasons for my deten tion, I will be silent, and, perhaps some day they will say I am cured. And thank God, ho preserved my reason through all tbe hideous sights and Bounds that were my daily portion. Calmly and steadily 1 .pursued the even tenor of my way. After the firBt frantic grief had spent iteolf I felt oonvinoed light must break in at last, if I could only keep my reason, and slowly, but surely, vengennce would be mine, and I should deal with Philip Savillo. as he deserved. I do not know how long I bad been in that dreadful plnoo for the wretcliod and forsaken tako no heed of timo. And Gilbert, my once lover huiband, never wrote me, or, if he did, I never received his lottors. But on Bearohing the tablcB of my memory as I write tbeie few chapters in happier times, I find I must havo boon quite two years under Dr. Whittaker'B care. On* never-to-be-forgotten nfternoon I was told a visitor had arrived and wished to see 1110. On going into the draiving- room I saw it was ray sister Alicia I greeted her very coldly. She was part and parcel of Philip Seville, and I hatod hor accordingly. 'Isabel,' Bho said, 'I am in groat trouble, Philip is vory ill, and has expressed a great wish to sco you. Will you oome nt once, donr, with me P' ' It depends on Dr. Whittaker,' I replied bitterly. ' You forget you nro speaking to a prisoner,' A shudo pasaed over my sister's fnuej hor liptt quivered. ' Oh, Isabel, be merciful ! You will forgive all when you see him.' '? Nay,'IanswBr«d, ' I neither forget nor forgive. Bub if you realjy wish me to accompany you, I will do so, subject, of oourse, to Dr. VVhittakor's per mission.' This wns Boon obtained, apd presently we wore oomfortably settled in a luxurious brougham und Calr. I well remember tho time when Philip Suvillo ad to foot it, when he puid his visits to his patients. Tho carriage went wull .with the largo handsome house at whioh ib Btopped in a fuBhionnblo square. I glanced inquiringly at Aliola. ' Wo removed here beaausu Philip'B prnotion had ?increased so muoh in this neighbourhood. Ib is moro oonveniunt in every way for him.' ' I dnresny. I answered, nbsontly. ' I wna only 'thinking whnb a wonderfully olovor mnn ho wua to havo rison ao rapidly.' My Bister fluBhud, and made no reply, 'From my cornor in tho oarriage during the littlo .journoy, J. had a good opportunity of closely observing how pale and haggard sho had bocomu. Her oyca had n pitiful worn out look tlint nouoin punies bIcqi Iobp nights. Her prutjty brown hnlr wns strenked with groy. Sho looke'd us old aa I did. She hud suffered 1 suppoio, I was glnd of ib I A tigresB robbed of liui whelps wns tho old nnd fitting comparison for me, jusb thon, Thoy had shown no mercy, they must not expect any from mo, for bho watura of bltturneBS hnd entorcd Into my BOUI. '?Philip la awnko now, and will b» glad to seu you,' said Alicia, Inter on. ' But, Isabel 1 you inuab bo tirod, tako a glneu of wine beforo you go ,up,-or, would .you .prefer buuio ten P' ?'Noitherl thuni: you,' I answered. 'loninont .your requeue t.o boo your husband. That interview over, I suppoao I uin to roMirn to Dr. Whlbtnkor, nnd ahnll hope to be in time for diunur. 1 nuithnr ent nor driuic.in your house, Allalu, an long aa I livui' Shu aigtad plteously, then motioned ir.o to follow h-?r up thu handsome Btuiruiuu, She opunad 11 dnor vory gontly, nnd, after apoaklng in a low voiao to ithe inmate of the rooiu, beokouod me to folluw hor in. ? Thoro, Hupportnd by numerous pllloiva, sur rounded by ouBtly luxuries, ,wunk, .helpless, dying, Inythct 'master of tho Iidiiko, oiiou thu handsouie, intpllootual prosputouH'Phlllp Savillo. ' You aunt for 1110,' 1 said with cold gnntlunosa ; ' I uin nfrnld you are, very ill,' 'Ihnvo 'hod n ntrolco of pntinlysls, Isabel,' I10 nnsworod, ' I nm noli long for this world, . I wantod to tulil you soinuthlng whilo thn power of speoch 1b loft mo;' I bowed my hew I, ;l could nob trust mysulf to apeak. All tho ouuul wrunga hu had wrought on niu nnd initio stood out In nwful . clearness beforo mo, ' Innbol I I hare wronged you monb oruolly. You, a Huno womnn, I put nwny, In mi uayluoi, buouuso of tho dreadful ohargea you brought nwnlnst mo I I wiih jnnloUH of my professional fnmo, tVarful I tihould he hurled from tho plnnnolo of nuuoosa thnt I lind ullmbed with slow nud painful steps, For yoniM I had wbiirved and plodded j for y onto I had known thu -pinch nnd grind of poverty— tho worflt!klnd of poverty,, lot mo toll you, Iflitbul— thu gonboel pauperism of a professional ni'in, And aiuiuudb uitinc nb limb, alowly und grudgltiHly mm lb ulwnyR dous, lb wan In my grnnp. «nd you, you,' lio rupnated, fiiu-ooly, ' with yourhyatmlual rnvliigH, would havo wronuhud IB from niu, nnd rulntid mu, And I rosolvud to allemw you for uvor In lihti living bmnili of n nind lioiiB0«-n gr/ivi- quite uh nIToobuul na tho oho your huabiiud wupli ovor when ho uhiiio from India,' 'And aillidrt/ hellovna mu dund—burltidi nnd llvon hla di.wlnbu llftf nlono, biuofli of wifo nud child It' ouo blow, Ami you ubood by und rojolooil In Wu breaking heart,' I sobbed o*t in my ogony of grief ?nd rage, - 'Oh, Godt ii it devil or man that speaks to me now P' I threw my arms up to heaven with an imploring gesture, I dared not tiuat myself to look at the fiend who hud com passed the ruin of my life's happiness. If I had, I would not answer for the consequences. ' Why do you tell mo all this,' I said, passion ately. ' Is it your death-bed repentance — are you trying to make your peace with God P If so. you bad better make a clean breast of it, and tell me if my hysterical ravings were founded on fact. In other words, do not die with tho load of uncon fesssd murder resting on your soul.' But tbe consummate hypocrisy and deceit of the man had become, so to speak, his seaond nature. Even then, with death alinoBt grasping him iu her clutch, even then the ready lie cams glibly to bis wicked lips. ' Nay, Isabel 1 nay ! deeply erring towards you, I may have been— and I deplore the grievous wrong I did you — but, 'of tbe death of the poor lad I am, God knows, entirely innocent, ond — ' A strain of music Unshed through tbe death chamber. It waa 'he ' La ci darem ' of Mozart I I glanced at tho dying man. Great beads of per spiration stood on his forehead. His eyes were fixed with the most intense horror towards a table in front of tbe fireplace. ' What jugglery is that?' he managed to gasp, It Bounds something like Eric's barrel organ, and the silly toy has been broken long ago. ' Yes, you hear it, Iaobel P Do you know it P' he muttered, below his breath. 'Yes,' I answered ca'.mly. It is one of my delusions, But it is strange you should hear it, too 1' ' It cannot be I The toy is, broken, I till you ! I We are both mad together. Ask Alicia to conic up;. she will laugh at our fancios, I warrant.' And yefc the music kept playing on. Sometimss it waxed ao loud that it seemed hb if the ghontly musician were close to the bei ; BometimuB it died wailing away as if retreating from the chamber, and would stop altogether. Ttieo, I noticed, Philip Saville's natural couragc reassert itself, even in this supreme moment of agony nnd retribution. ' It is fancy, nerves, foolery 1 See what a coward illness can mako of your husband I Alicia, darling,' be said with a fond smile to his wife, who bad come in obedience to my call. But I stood Bilently watohing. The music had ceased indeed, bub I knew for a'cortninby it would return, and the laBt act of the tragedy of my boy's ond would bo surely unravelled then. ' You do not hear any music, Alicia,' ho ques tioned, anxiously. ' No, deareBt, she answered, ' not an sound.' A triumphant smile illumined his ohiBelled white face. ' I told you, Isabel, it was nothing but fanoy.' ' YeB,' I answered gravely. ' It has gone for n little timo only. Even now, aa I speak, I hear the opening bars of the everlasting-refrain.'' So did he, so also did Alioia ! It came nearer and nearer. This t.iny childish musio seemed to fill the room. Then fb became so loud and menacing that wo could hear nothing else. If, indeed, we had spoken, our voices would literally have sounded as nothing in the tempest of itB angry wrath. So we could only look nt one another with blanched horror-struck faces and wait in solemn silenoo. And now a most awful expression had come ovor Phillip Saville's face. For ib seemed to me as if tho music were nearing hia pillow, and very Boon would be played into his hBtoning ears. ' Alicia, wife,' hp whispered, 'prop me up. Tho music forces me to look.' Alicia, with my nid, did as Bho was told, and between ua we eupported the dying man. Look at what, we wondered. ' I see nothing, dear,' Bhe said Boobhingly to her husband. But still, with the same fearful expression of horror, Philip. Saville gazed at the table in front of the fire place. v The atmosphere had become suddonly icy cold, and it seemed to mo as if the room were full of miat. Ab I strained my eyes into the space Philip Saville waB looking at, tne rniety radiance gradually cleared. I aaw seated at tho table the speotro, double, phantom, call it what you will, of tho man Philip Suvillo. Thon I knew iu a few raomonta Eric also would appear, and, I. should be permitted to rhko on my durltng once again from afar. And, as I surmised, ic surely 011110 to purs. And we three kept gnzing with Btrnining horrified eyes and creeping, shivering £Ihb1i nt the ghostly drama en nctod beforo us. But presently an awful souud broke tho stillness of thu death chamber. And Alicia nnd I gazed, too. It was n frenzied, shrieking entreaty from the man we supported to tho phantom Rrio, who toyed with the oostly sweets on tho table. ''Laddie, laddie ; they are poieonod. Bowaro 1 Bow nro ! I was tempted, I wanted tho money I But I re pent 1 repent. It is nob too lato. Oh I God in Heaven shield him I Eric I Erin I Cannot you hear me P Why d.i you pny no noed P Why in it tlint I soronm my warninga, and yet no . sound oomns from my parohud lips und burning throat. But the pale 1 ..phantoni puid no hoed. The devilish .poisoning of an innooent lad w»b carried out to its bitter end, And tho music of the little barrel orgnn whioh hud coasod during this nwful scene, burst forth with renowod energy, ' Philip Saville sank back exhausted on bis pil lows. Tho death swcifn wore gathering fails nud thick on tho broad uiurblo brow, onoe bho home of Indomitable will und intellectual pride. When he next apoko hla nooonts were low nnd feeble, interrupted with piteous wailing rao/ins, ' Pray for me, Alicin, pray for mo, Ianbel,' ' Pray thab thoso horrid slghta nod Bounds mny leave mo ; prny that oven I, ohiof among ainncra, may bo washed for my groat altis und find mercy ; prny that Ianbol may forgive ? ' Horo hia worde totally failed him. Tlio eyes thnt hnd beon bo Btpndfnflbly fixed drooped wearily, tho hands ro laxed thoir tfraap. Philip Saville wub dend. Aa I wribo -1i«bo and memories of my. tnobher's heart, thu broken luirrel orgm is beaido mo. ItB awonb musio la hunhed for uvor, fur it hna uaoom plialiod ita mianioti, nud will be heard on uurth 110 in ore. Dlrootly nfter Dr. Savlllo's di«al,h I wroto to Gilbert tolling him of the vllo plot by whioh ho had been bereft of son and wife, AHuiu also wrote, In ooutribo shnrne, noknotvlodging her aharo hi tho aaino, and pleaded her mud infatuation for her husband had mado hor full nn onsy proy to hla deep laid plola nnd rauohinutlons, Gllhort; reoeiviog thoso lettuia, lost no time in soiling out of tho army nnd joining inn in Knglund. .'j Never to Hoparuto ngaln until death do ua parr, 'Isabel, dtitHtig.' ho whlapcrod. ? But 011 tho joy nf tlut rounien I do not ao.ro to dwoll, It la muoh too snored to bo wrlttan hero. Togothm- we vlalted nur boy's grave, sweet with the brf.nth of violut.H and tho spring llow'ora lie loved so woll, Tlii-n I buw an huIiioub ooubraoilon of my huabarrtl'a browa, and n stern compression of the URUaliy cronUl mouth, and I know ho win thinking of a visit to nnother wrave, whioh a foul lie dnulared to bo mine, nnd thu Ho had furrowed Ills brow, nud whitenod his hail-, nod tho momory of It fostorod still. ' Oh, thut man, that1 man I' ho passlonntoly arled nut na w» htnnd together aide by aide, ' Why did death owno und uhont grunt .Tuatlon of her duu P Why waan't It nob ' Llfo for n Life,' Isnhol I . Does not your luothurja burnt uliunour for rovenge P' 'Huah I my lovn:!' T anawoiV ''Vongonnan la mine I I will repay, snlth thu Lord God of Hoata,' You forget I' I snw Philip Snvlllu dlo. 