WIT AND HUMOUR, Faith—" D m't you love the early poets»" Morton (managing editor of a msgcz ue)— " Yes, I do; they're all dead." Poet—" Has the editor read the poem I left here yesterday V Offioe boy—" I guess so, sir ; he's sick abed to-day." Wife—"There comes that tramp I gave some of my biscuits to the other day." Husband—" Impossible ! This must be his ghost." He—" I am ambitions to go before the ootlights." She—Then you had better un along before papa comes downstairs.' Clara—"He has proposed three or four imes and I don't know whether to accept '-mornot" Mtnde—"Iwonll. Suppose e should stop." Judge—" Were yoi ever up before this ourt? ' Everett Wrest— " Can't say, udge. What time do your honour git up!" Mrs MsBride—"Juhr, dear, why are ome grocers odled green grooers?'' Mr eBride—" To distinguish them from cash grocers, dear." " Ob, I am awfiuly wcrried. I walk in y sleep." " I only wish I could do it. If could I'd still have my job on the police orce." Tough—" I waut a dr zen egg*, an' I wants 'em bad. see l' 1 Grocer—" Go to that grocer cross the street. Everything he keeps is ad." "Can't yon trust me ?'' pleaded he; " No 1" decisivdy ahe add it. She oould trust no one; you see, Firm she clerked for didn't credit. Mother—"That notepaper is certainly quaint, but are you sure it is fashionable Daughter—" Oh, it must be. It's dmost impossible to write on it." Pertiy—" There is one thing I have to say in favor of the wind when it whistles. Dullhead—" What's that ?" Partly—" It never whistles popular airs." Customer—" What in the world is that unearthly howling overhead ?'' Cierk (smiling)—" There is a painless dentistry establishment upstairs, sir.'' The judge—" I hope I shall not see yon here again.'* ; Prisoner (who is arrested weekly)—"Not see me! Why, yer ain't goin' to resign yer position, are yer I 1 The husband (bitterly)—" I wish I had known aa muoh before I was married aa Ido now.'' The wife—"So do L You ictaht really have amounted to something by this time.'' Mrs Lorigwed—" Have yon any idea what is meant by the fires of love, dear ?' Longwed—"Krr—ihoie the husband builds the first three months after marriage, I suppose." Mrs Sargent (knowingly)—' It is said that the Lord never made two women a'ike." Sargent (tartly)—"Of oourae he didn't, or you would never hear of a man getting married twioe." Preacher—"Every man must some day settle his account with his Maker." Tailor —"I wish you oould Impress Mr Palmer with that idea. He hasn't settled with me uCabout two years." Teadher—" Can sny of you tell me why flannel is comfortable in winter?'' Bright boy (in new nnderwear)—" It makes yah hitch about and wriggle around, and ths exercise keeps yeh warm.'' "I'm a little worried about my wife, and would like to have yon run up and see her.*' Doctor—"What are her symptoms?"' "She allowed me to leave the house without asking for money." . Little Ethd—" Why is It womens it always "—"p 1 *»"»•>' about the' hired girl ?*' UttieDot—"Oh. thafs just so folks will know they un aford to uep one," 