Presbyterian Church. -:o: BEV. J. MACNEIL'S MISSION. The meetings now being held in connection with the visit of the Rev. J. MacNeil, evan gelist, of Melbourne, continue to excite con siderable interest. On Tuesday night the church was well filled with a very attentive congregation. A preparatory prayer-meeting was held in the school-room, and the after meeting commenced at 7-45 o'block. Amongst those present were the Revs. P. Robertson and S. Stewart. The service was opened by the singing of a hymn, and then the Rev. R. Stewart engaged in prayer. The Rev. J. MacNeil then read several passages of Scripture, and forcibly commented thereon with a view of emphasising the need of every Christian becoming filled with the power of the Holy Ghost. Pointing to ai small badge which he wore on the breast of his coat, he remarked that it represented the letters "King's Own." Those letters were worn by the members of a society which had representatives throughout Australasia, who -~cknowledged it to be their birthright, as chil dren of God, to be filled with the spirit. That was the leading characteristic of the Bible Christian; was it so of the Christians here ? It was a command of the Holy Book that God's people should be filled with the Holy Ghost, and they had no more right to disregard that than they had to ignore any other command in the Bible. Selecting as a text part of 2nd Kings v., 25-" But he went in and stood before his master," Mr. MacNeil, referring to the Mount Rennic cases, took up the thread of his discourse where he had dropped it on the previous evening. He observed that he was there to preach the universal masterhood of Christ. It had been asked whether Reid, one of the condemned men in the Mount Bennie cases, had acknowledged Christ as his Master before going to the scaffold. He (the speaker) was pleased to say that Reid had. " But you see," he continued, "that poor lad had given the best years of his life to the devil. Now, I wish to appeal to the nobler side of your nature, and ask you to be honourable, and turn to Christ and work for Him whilst you have the health and strength to do so. Do not any longer keep God's gift from Him, and prostitute it in the service of the wicked one." With a pathetic interest the congrega tion listened to the evangelist's relation of Beid's conduct during his last few moments on this earth. Was he ready, he had been asked. Yes, he could assert that he was. When the executioner came for the lad, and said so, he answered in a firm voice, "Very well, sir, I am ready." "When your end draws near," said the preacher, addressing the listeners, "will you be able to answer, 'I am ready?' I pray to God that it will be so." LasT NIcoG's MEETINn. There was a full attendance at last night's meeting, the building being packed. After the usual introductory portion of the service, the Rev. John MacNeil gave a very vigorous ad dress on the subject oe" "Gambling." He based his remarks au the texts "Thou shalt not kill" and "Abstain from all appearance of evil." Austmlia's ' national vice" was attacked by the speaker in mbst uncompromising language. Commencing with a quotation from the sftralasian, he pointed out that, in Vietile, thirteen jockeys had been killed within eight -months, andieldthatt~he men who patronised race-meetings were re9ponsibtle for this grmet t'blocd d " e ??' B 'wase 'there to condemn gambling in every shape and teform. He would condemn it on the stock exchange; in connection with land booms, lotteries and "luicky bags" whether in the Cheirch or outside of it. If anyone had been wheedled into taking a ticket on a'raffle he would advise that person, when he went home, to pitch it away. He had h~eard of a Church where they had got 5000 shilling tickets for a £6.note. 'The curse oftHeaven would, hecon tended, rest upon any Church that descended to such immoral practices. He was glad that the law of the land wouldoome in, presently, and say that such thingsmust not be. The speaker then related an incident to show how the example of a minister of religion in taking a shilling ticket in a Church raffe had acted upon* a young man who was present on the occasion, till he was led to take up gambling pursuits, and, hut for the grace of Goc, would have been ruined. It must be understood that he did not condemn horse. racing, or bicycle-racing, hut condemned the cursed gambling associations connected with it. Were all our sports to be captured by this thing ? Let us put down our foot, and say " Nol" The speeier ·made a point out of the admissionof a great racing and betting man, in Victoria, that he would not carefor a son of his to follow in his footsteps. He quoted Herbert Spencer against gambling on social grounds. A man who was a true Socialist would not touch gambling "with a forty-foot pole." He (the speaker) condemned it on higher grounds -on moral grounds. The late Robert Louis Stevenson spoke of gambling as the "disgusting vice." Could a true gentleman touch a "disgust! ing vice?" The Greek philosopher Aristotle bhad classed a gambler as a thief. The speaker then went on to say that gambling was practic ally thieving, as the man who obtained any thing in this way did not give anything in return for it. The fact of the unsuccessful party to a gambling transaction having " con sented" to take part in it did not alter its im morality in the speaker's opinion. In conclud ing, letters were read with much effectiveness from men who had committed suicide after having been ruined by gambling. The "plunger," who put through £20,000 in four years, for instance, wrote to advise young men to "avoid the racecourse as you would avoid poison." After picturing the misery that the gambler caeused to relatives and friends, the epeaker's parting advise toyoung men was to " cry off" any gambling transactions that they might have entered upon. The lecturer was listened to with the deepest attention. 