THE FREMANTLE GHOST. ? m VENT TO ?SCOFF-BEMAIHBD ' TO PRAT. ?THE APPARITION OOMES.' THE NETHEE WOBLD. £S& ELYSIUM.— A DIP INTO THE FUTUBB. i (By O.B.) ?There are more things in Heaven aadear&,Hor*tio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.' So spake our own beloved Shakespeare, he who 'was not for an age but for all time.' Seated in the cosy saloon of the Club Hotel, Fre jn£Jitle,the otherevening, this truism so ♦iraoitf exnresBed bT the ereat Bard of ▲von, was recalled with startling vivid ness fay the recital of a travel- stained man who had camped the preceeding night itt a deserted tenement on the outskirts of the Port. The speaker seemed 'clothed and in his right mind,' and related his experience* in what he termed the ' haunted house' with such an air of inward conviction that several of his listeners were visibly impressed. After hearing his thrilling narrative, however, we remained just as sceptical of ' occult phenomena' as ever. Such things we regarded as like Macbeth's air drawn dagger, the 'false creation of a heat-oppressed (or beer^oppressed) brain,' the mere -rat- comeef a. morbid fantasy. To entirely disprove the dream of a nervous man — foir as such we regarded the story — we resolved to visit the hut where 'the -perturbed spirit was wont to take his nightly walk.' Accompanied by a trusty -friend and 'armed to the teeth' ire started one evening for what we had satirically christened the ' Spoor* Hut/' It was 8 o'clock when we reached thB place, and, as there was nothing else to do we qtuckly had a blaze going and sat down to await developments. We had' previously sworn that -Benua, lago, bsrlud,' would stain the thres hold of the cabin, should the ghost honor us with a calL The hours wore slowly on, 'till 1C o'clock arrived, By which time the fire had burned pr*tty low. Seizing a Queens land blanket we composed ourselves for sleep, confident that no visitant from Hxb nether world would care to disturb our happy dreams. The dying embers of the tire threw nickering shadows on Hie wall and the shrill call of a forlorn xdghtbird outside added to the weird nes which notwithstanding our bast efforts vwas gradually impressing us. Our companion slumbered ere this, but we oould not sleep ; a horrible sensation was stealing insidiously npon us ; a vague mysterious something was hover ing in the very room, making its evil influence felt rather than seen, and the air was stony and oppressive. Creaking noises now began to assert themselves as though the door was being split into matchwood and, several tames re peated ire distinctly heard a sound as of calico hem; tOrn. The key was taken from the lock 'and thrown violently into the middled titie room, without anything but a cloud of mist being apparent ; stones «ommaaeed to fall at intervals ' mpon the roof, and when wo trembled a \- hollow sepulchral laugh ensued. Pre ''?entiy a5 sound ;as' of husmg steam was . heard, a bright light flooded the room, and before we could speak an apparition clothed in white shining raiment, stood before ui. And the Spirit fixedahorrid Stare upoia us uid said ' Come,' and we were b»ne away without the power of resistance. Whereat a great fear fell upon us, our kneea knocked together as 'the rattling of dry bones,our eyes start ed from their sockets, and our whole physical proportions quaked with an unutterable terror. For the spirit of dead past were all around and about us ; ''«*irng voices sounded in ourears ; 'flftTJjy-Tiinr»n.i yells of laughter— the horrid mirth of lost souls— filled the air which 'was lurid with sulphurous flames and Choking fumes ; everywhere wizened faces were peering down upon us as if to mock our helpless desolation; the lightnings of the nether world flashed incessantly ,- terrific bursts of thunder played a weird accompaniment ; and all the time we were sinking down a slippery bank, where horrible, slimy, crawling things emitted a feeble, phosphorescent glow,and intensified the terrors of the infernal pit. Such sights were seared into our brain as with a IiAm^AiI l«mi Ml* ?MAVVOO WAftt oil TIT1— strung, our lips parched with a great thirst, but we found voice to frantically *-TfJ«L»tn ?* Hold I enough, Macbeth.' Have we deserved this fate ? Have we not ever preached — and practised — that divineet creed the religion of Humanity ? ' Have we not loved more the far-off image of a faultless life than the sordid aspirations of nineteenth century civilisation ? Have we not tried to help ' our brethera towards thbseother heights whose, conquest yet remains for men of heart and brains ? Has our doctrine not tmitormly been -. — ' Gently scan your brother man, Still gentler sister woman ; Though they may gang a kerain' wrong To step aside is human.' Here our voice failed and the spectre answered : Thou hast spoken well ; and because thbu art of meek and lowly dis position, and hast done the tilings whereof thou hast spoken, — hast trodden with bleeding feet the thorny paths of journalism, plucking no reward but dead sea fruit, reaping no honor but such as abideth in an empty pocket, — because thou has succoured the distress ed and not like the Levite ' passed by on tiie other side,' lo 5 thou shall not perish. Bat I will unroll before theethe scroll of the future, and thou shall read its pases with a clear vision without aoul shall sit in judgment upon things earthly. This, fchalt thou do remaining unhurt amidst' the war of elements, the wreck of matter, and the crash of world's.' Thus ' We dipt into the future lar as human eye can see, Saw the Vision of the World, and all the wonders that would be.' Then the Spirit waved its wand. In stantly there was a sound as of a cool, rushing wind, and the silver chime of falling waters, and the sweet odour of blossoming violets, and the soft tangle of bells, and the beauty .of shimmering fountains, and low nw'*- as of an Aeohanharp. Whilst we Btood bewilder ed at these tilings and marvelled much, the Spectre plucked us by the shirt sleeve, — we had lost our coat — and pointed away towards the purpled east, where, by the side of a perfectly peace ful lake there arose a colossal palace of fn architecture quite unknown. For itwas&e; Elysium of the Good, the Sanctuary of the Righteous, where dwell those bright immortals- who re cognised that M We should live in deeds, not years ; in tabughts.not breaths ; '; » feelings, not in figures on a dial ; We should count ? time by. heart-throbs, he most lives Who thinks most— feds tiie noblest--actc JteheeV .. ? './ ? -...'- . Towards the Palace w» bent our steps without «niw^J*1, and we needed them not, for the green earth was soft and yielding to the tread. As we Seared thelakean exquisite chant fell upon our ears' and -we noted that the sky was softer and bluer than ever the beloved skies of Italy. Never befcre had we listened to such sublime melody. It, reminded us of Milton's angel of .whom the blind poet wrote that when he ceased 'We awhile thought him still speaking Still stood fixed to hear.' Presently the harmony died away like a faint, quivering sigh, and we ventur ed to ask the cause of it. Our guide replied that the throng wa£ chanting the requiem of sin, the death of vulgar desire, the demise of all un holy passion. All the notorieties were present at that choral service ; Mozart* Beethoven, Handel, Verdi, Wagner and Mendelssohn were there, and the mumc welled up from grateful hearts in very fulness of joy. Passing the portals of the Palace we exchanged greetings with Epicurus, Aristotle, La Place, Shakespeare and divers otherindividuuls who practised clear-cut charity when upon earth ; but of malefactors who had robbed life of its sweetness and Humanity of its dues, of these and of promoters of the London ' boom' we saw not one. And we spake to the Apparition saying : — ' Since thou art privy to the thoughts of men and dost read their TYiin^n as an open page tell us of earthly things.' And the Spirit said — ' I wilL First of all be it known to thee that the Premier's attempt to play the combined role of the Good Shepherd and the modern Moses has bitterly disappointed a host of his, friends. Already he has practically lost several 'sheep' who wul desert the ministerial fold in order to save - their 'political tails. Such faithful followers as Silas -Pearse and the all-wise Solomon are bleating piteous protests against the scanty arid pastures on which their political shepherd has condemned thete to nibble, fearing that if they tarty longer they will die of dearth and drought. In their case the projected removal of the Bailway Workshops forms the bone of contention, marmion i too, has also uttered some plaintive ! bleats, and shown a disposition io lead] the flock astray. The legal Leaks also { butts so vigorously at the Prentier that he threatens to bring him down and ' stamp the life oat of him, in which j congenial task he will be actively aided j by aiingsworth. Because Sir John, takes a broad Hberial view of a hideous- 1 ly local matter, Port residents claim, that instead of fulfilling his promises to lead his flock into 'green pastures' | and beside ' still waters,' he has led j them into a veritable wilderness where j no manna falls, and no water gushes - from the rock and the promised land of , peace, progress and prosperity hke a delusive mirage recedes farther and j farther the more it is followed.. In threatening to remove the Workshops , from the Port, the Government have sinned against those who kept them out of opposition bondage and therefore is the wrath of the people kindled against them. In their extremity they Bwe&r; ( that the Premier shall not see the pro- j mised land of secure and prolonged political power. His own followers , loudly demand a scapegoat to make j atonement fer them, and they find one | in the En^ineer- in-Chief , whom they; would send into the wilderness with aU j his imperfections on his head. The alien j hosts led by , their great Captain, — ? Leake— encompass the Government , round and about secretly making mock| of them, and inwardly crying 'Your time has come. Where be your Gods now that they leave you to perish at our j hands? Perhaps they axe asleep; call upon them, abase yourselves, cut your selves with knives, yea, weep and howl that they may be awaked, when perad venture they may listen and save you. ' But the Government have faith, in their leader (who is a mighty man of valour) to pull ihem through. For is it not re corded how vigorously he has caused the Harbour Works to ba pushed for ward at Fremantle, and that the Port is soon to be blest with a graving dock ? The Harbour works — despite the croak ing of certain wise-acres are . destined to prove a big success, although the pro posed dredging of the river as far as Perth can never be effectively carried out. The Coolgardie goldfield will easi ly survise the shock occasioned by the collapse of the Londonderry mine, and the Morchison country will soon astonish the world by its wonderful richness. Even now hundreds of obscure prospectors, whose doings never find their way into print, are obtain ing handsome returns from, alluvial workings there, through the agency of Steve Lorden's dry-blower, admittedly the greatest artificial gold-saver of the century.' All these things £nd divers others did the Spirit tell us, making known why Lord Kintore visited WJL and Sir William Robinson has gone ! home ; what became of the man from Galway and his comrade who struck Buckley. Yes, ' we dip't into- the future,' saw the Fremantle Harbour crowded with shipping from the four' corners of the globe, Sir William Bob- ' inson created an Earl, the colony boom- ' ing1, and the agitators so fond of preaching rebellious doctrines cast into outer darkness amidst weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. But time pressed and the apparition was growing anxious. ' Look yonder** said the ghost, and we again looked far into the future:— ' Saw the Heavens filled with commerce argosies of magic sails, Pilots of the purple twilight, drojppingdown with costSy bales; Heard the Heavens filled with shoutuig and there rained a ghastly dew ' - From the nations' airy navies grappHn? in the central blue ; Far along the world-wide whisper of the south, wind rushing warm,* With the standards of the people plunging tnro' the thunderstorm ; Till the war-drams throbbed no longer and ~ tiie battle-flags were furled In the Parliament of man, the Federation of the World.' | And when we turned to the spectre lo ! it had fled. Hastily we returned ; to town, and to-day are thus enabled to ? tell our readers of the FretaantlB Ghost. 