A RUSSIAN LEGEND, It may sot to g-oneiaUy known fajftta kf LcM«& Ql-*s) that It, i&bjiua; Ba^ia, thu histadin, hs$ vritten. aa intereefciag vock on St-Petersliurg, in tho course of tzhich horolates a qwdoxu ghort story connected with tho'InjpeSai JfwailT, which caused great «^^fr^ awoug the «£«dujou8 a fyyr yeata aga ead wiki BfciU agoi-de f.oo.4; for the gasaipf*. It toofe placo ia the Chw*& «f Kfc. Isaac, which contains agaoBf oipher xelica, a 6t»tuo of the Holy Virgin, covered wjfch. precious jewels offered up to her by tho faithful. 1% appuars that not long after tho -Jeath oi Alexander II. a peasant was iatexrapfexi in his prayers by the sudden appoaianoa of a phantom which, rose before him. It was that of the aesaasinaied Enmeror. who woro the same blood-stained mantle as that which he had on at the moment of his tragic death, Tho speetro walked slowly to the statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minutes, and then vanished. The peasant although stricken with terror, was able to follow the movements of the mysterious visitor, and felt suro that he was not dreaming. Still trem bling he described his adventure to tha verger of the church, who shrugged hi3 shoulders and said he must havo bean drunk at the time, and had taken his visions for realitea. The verger novex thelass reported tho event to hia sap- 1. eriors, who naturally laughed ,at him. '*'* But on the following day the ghoat re appeared. Again he advanced towwdfl the Etatuo ahd prayed, raising hishanda towards Heaven, This time tha verge* was there, and confessed that the peasant had not made a fool of him. Ho did not, however, lose his head, and though afraid to approach the phantom himself lie called in some of his colleagues, who like him, felt stupefied at the sight. The Czar seemed to cast a sorro wf ul glance at them, and then disappeared behind a pillar. The witnesses' of this strange Bcone made their declaration to the Grand Marshal of the Court, swearing to the truth of what they had seen. On the next day tbo aomo apparitios? occurred. On this occaation thoapectw not only prayed to the Holy Yirgin, but also walked round the church beforo vanishing. No doub$ could now bo entertained ou the subject— 'tho ooul of Alexander IL was tormented andn^cdod more prayers and tapers to release him from purgatory. The news waa borne to the cpurt,T?here it is hardly necessary to ssy, it created deep astonishment At first it did not encounter absolute incredulity. The members of the Holy Synod were eonaultadjand they promised to enquire into the matter. But Alexander III. lost no time in expressing his indignation that credence should be given to such a story, which waa an insult to tho memory of hu father. Ha sent for one of his detectives, in whoae skill and fidelity be had the greatest confidence, and ordered hirp to clear up the mystery. Tho detective went to tho chuxch, and, hiding himself behind a pillar, waited for the result. In duo course the phantom appeared once more, and, as on previous occasions, directed its s^eps towards tho statue. Th« detective although not a superstijtwuu man, fait somewhat uneasy. He had served Alexander II., and seemed to see him again as he was on tho day of his ^q^^^in^tftffl, with hia face bathed in blood and' suffering excruciating agony. T-» ghost prayed longer at the st&tuo; tha» usual. The detective mustering up all hia courage, glided softly toward it, but it moved further away. Instinctively the detective glanced at tho statue, and discovered that many of tho most valuable jewels were wanting. This fact at once opened hia eyes, and he dashed after the phantom, which turned out to be something more sub stantial than a vision. Thfcnext setoud it wa3 struggling to release itself from tho detective's grip, but in vain, ft was simply a thief vrho, endowed with considerable imagination aad audacity, had conceived the idea of robbing the relics in tho midst of the terror caused by his apparition as tho Emperor's ghost. He wag taken to prison, *&d; eventually tried and condemned ia secret— at last go the legend tuna. 