SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON. i fNOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) Her© General Vincent tried io reassure tb© anxious mother. "I have talked to your son," be raid, "and he is willing that, it shall be with liim and Suzette as it was with her dear mother and me If there are children, (he sons are to follow their father's religion, t.ho daughters their mother's." "Well. I suppose that kind of compromise is best, though no Roman priest, will ap prove of it. And then there is the sad idea of the brothers and sisters being separated by their antagonistic opinions. I hope Su- zott© will rem© round to our way of think ing." "I doubt it very much. She is as firm as a rock." "Dear girl. Sbe is so young, and there Ls plenty of time." While other people were thinking about, these things for him, Allan had no room for thought, of any kind, unless fond meditation upon the imago of the girl ho loved could b© dignified by tho name of thought. For Al lan. life was a perpetual ecstasy. To be with Suzette in her own home, at the Grovo, on the links, anywhere; to be with her was all he needed for his bliss. For his sake his mother had prolonged her stay at. Boochurst, in order that the two young people might be together in the house where they were to live as man and wife. It was Allan's delight to make Suzette fam iliar with her future home. He wanted her ! to feel that this was the house iu which she was to live; that, under her father's roof she was no longer at home; that, her books, tho multifarious trifles and prettinesses which her girlhood bad accumulated, might as well be transferred at mice to the- sunny, bow-windowed upstairs room which was t.o be her den. It wa.s now a plainly-furnished matter-of-fact morningroom. a room in which the admiral had acted the fussy futil ities of his unoccupied life. The mantel piece. which had been built up with shelves and artful cupboards for the accommodation of th© admiral's cigars, would son'© excel lently t.o set. off Suzetfe.'s zoological china; her Dresden pugs, and rats, and lobsters, and pigs, and rabbits, her morsels of silver, and scraps of wrought copper wotiid adorn t.he shelves, and all her little odds and ends and never-Uhbe-flnished bits of fancy work would be neatly stowed away In cupboards. "Bur. won't you want, those dear littlo r.ubbyhouscs for your own cigars?" asked Suzette. "It seems too cruel to rob you of your uncle's snuggery. I've no doubt, you smoke just as much as the admiral." "Not cigars. My humble pipo and pouch can stow themselves away a.nywhere. I only smoke cigars out hunting, and I keep ft box or two In tho saddieroom for handl- ness. No; this is to be your room, Suzette. 1 have, imagined you in it until 1t. seems too cruel to rob you of your uncle's snuggery, a liberty in writing a letter here. When are you going to bring t.bo Dresden bow-wows, and the elephants, and mice, and lobsters, and donkeys — all about of a sizo, by the way." "Oh, I could not possibly spare them." Suzetto answered quickly, making for the door. They had come in to look at the room, and for Suzette to give opinion as to the color and style of the new papering. It was to he a Morris paper, although that would entail new carpeL and curtains, and a complete revolution as to coloring. "Spare them!" echoed Allan, detaining her. "Who wants you t.o spare them? When will you bring them with you? "When are you coming to take possession of the house which is no home for me until you are the mistress of it?" This was by no means the first time the question had been asked. Again and again had Allan pleaded that his marriage might he soon. There was no reason why he should wait for his wife. His position was established, his house was ready; a house as well found as that flagship had been on whose quarter-deck the admiral had moved as a king. Why should he wait? Ho could never lovo his future wife more dearly than he loved her now. All the framework of his life would be out of gear till he had brought her home to tho house which seemed joyless and empty for want, of her. "When is it to bo. Suzetto? When am I to bo completely happy?" "What, arc you not happy, par example? You talked about overwhelming happiness when I said 'Yes.' " ' That was the promise of happiness. It lifted mo to the skies; hut it was only t.ho promiso. I am pining for the realisation. I want you all to myself — to have and to hold for ever and ever; beside my hearth; interwoven with my life; mine always and always; no longer a bright, capricious spirit, glancing about me like a gleam of sunshine, and vanishing like a sunbeam; but. a woman — my very own — of one mind and of one heart with me. Suzette, if you lovo me, you will not spin out the time of drcann;; you will give yourself to mo really and for ever." There was an earnestness in bis ton© that tcared her. The blushes faded from her cheeks, and she looked at him pale and startled, aud sudden tears rushed to her eyes. "You said you would give mo time," sho faltered; "time to know you hotter — to be certain." And then, recovering her gaiety In un instant — "Now, Allan, it Is too had of you. Did I not toll you that I would not be married till my onc- aml-lwentieth birth day? Why do you tease mo t.o alter the date? .Surely you don't want to marry an Infant ?" "And your birthday will be on the twenty- tbird of June," said Allan, rather sullenly. "Nearly a year from now." "Nearly a year from October lo June! What odd ideas you have about, arithmetic. And now I must run and find Lady Emily. We are going to drive to Morton Towers to gether." Allan made way for her to pass, and fol lowed her downstairs, vexed and dis heartened. Ilis mother was to leave him next, day; and then there would be ono houso the less in which be and Suzetto could meet — tho house which was t.o be their home. He had not. visited Mrs. Wornock sinc.o her nocturnal perambulation, and ho. prevented his mother paying her a second visit; albeit, tho liop© of a while peacock, and a certain interest. In the widow's per sonality, had made Lady Emily anxious to call at the Manor. Allan had found reasous for putting off any such call, without say- ffig on© disparaging word about the lady. Ho bad heard of ?»lrs. Wornock from ftu- zotts, who reproached him for going uo moro to Discomhe. 'T did not. know you were so fickle," she ciid. "l really think you have behaved abominably to poor Mrs. Wornock. fthe is always asking me why you don't go to see h©r; and I am tired of inventing excuses." Suzctt© wan at th© Manor every other day. "Mrs. Wornock was teaching her to play the organ. "Is it not sweet of her?" she asked Allan. "And though I don't suppose she over gave any one a. lesson in her life till she began to teach me. she has the teaching gift iD a marked degree. I love to learn of her. I can play some simple things of Haydn's not altogether badly. Perhaps you will do me the honor t.o come und hear me some dav. when I have got a little further." "I will go to hear you to-morrow, if I may." "What! Then you have no objection to Discombe in the abstract, though you have, cut poor Mrs. Wornock for the last six weeks?" "I was so much occupied with my mother." "And your mother wanted 'badly to call upon Mrs. Wornock, and you always put a stumbling-block in her way. But I am happy to say Lady Emily is to have the white peacock all the same. She. is to have a pair of birds. I have taken care of that." "Like a good and thoughtful daughter." When Allan came back from the station, after seeing his mother safely seated in the London train, he found a letter from Mrs. Wornock on the hall table — a hand-deliver ed letter, which bad just arrived. It. was brief and to the point. "Why have you deserted me. Allan? Have 1 unconsciously offended you, or is there no room in your heart for friendship as well a-s love? I hear of your happiness from Suzette; but I want to see you and Your sweetheart roaraiug about the gardens here as in the old days, before you were engaged lovers. Now that Lady Emily is leaving Boechurs't, you will have time -to spare for me." The letter seemed a reproach, and he felt that he deserved to be reproached by her. How kind she had been, how sympa thetic, how interested in his love story; and what an ingrate he mu.;i appear in her eyes. lie did not wait for the following morn ing and Lho music lesson, lost Mrs. Wor nock should think ho went to Discombe only on Suzette's account. Ho set out im mediately after reading that reproachful little letter, and walked through the lanes and copses to the Manor House. It was 4 o'clock when lie. arrived, and Mrs. Wornock was at home, and alone. The swelling tones of that wonderful organ answered his question on the threshold. No beginner could play with that, broad, strong touch, which gave grandeur to t.ho simple phrases of an Angus Dei by Palca- trina. She. started up as Allan was announced, and went quickly to meet him, giving him both her hands. "This is so good of you." sh« exclaimed. "Then you arc not offended, and you have forgiven me?" "My dear Mrs. Wornock. why should T be offended? I have received nothing but. kindness from you." "I thought you might, bo .angry with me for refusing tho invitation to your luncheon party." "It would have been very impertinent, of me to be angry, when I know what a re cluse you are." "ti is a month sine© you were here — a whole calendar month. Why didn't, you bring Ladv Emily to see me? But perhaps sho did not. wish to come. Was that so?" "No. Mrs. Wornock," he answered, cold ly. "My mother wished to call upon you." "And you prevented her?" "Yes." "Why did you do that?" "Dare I be frank with you?" "Yes, ves, yes! You cannot be too frank. I love you, Allan. Always remember that. You are to me as a secoud son." Her warmth startled and scared him. His face Rushed hotly, and he stood before her in mute embarrassment. If tb© secret of the past was indeed th© guilty secroL which he had suspected, there was utter shamelessncss in this speech of hers. ".Allan, why are you silent?" "Because there are some things that can hardly be said; least of all by a man of my age to a woman of yours." "There is nothing that, you can say to roe, Allan, about myself or my regard for you. that, can briug a blush to my face or to yours. There is nothing in my life of which I need be. ashamed in your sight, or in tho sight of my son." "Forgive me, forgive mo, if my secret thoughts have sometimes wronged you. There has been so much to surprise and mistify me. Your agitation on hearing my father's name; your painful embarrassmeut when I brought my mother here; and last, and most of all, your secret visit to Bccchhurst when my father was there." "What! you know of that?" "Yes; 1 saw your face at the open win dow, looking in at him." She clasped her hands, and (hero wero tears in her eyes. "Yes," she faltered, after a silence of some moments, "I was looking at. tb© face I had not seen for nearly thirty years — the face that looked at me like a ghost, from tho past, and had no knowledge of rne, no care for me. I knew t.hat he could not bo dead, f have sought for him in the spirit, world, again and again and again, in long days and nights of waiting, in my dreams, in long, far-reaching thoughts that have carried my soul away from tho dull earth; but there was no answer—not a thought, not a breath out of t ho unseen world where my spirit would have touched his had he died while he was young, and while he still loved me. But he lived, and grew old, liko rne. and found a new love, and so wo are as wide apart as if we had never met. J stood in the darkness outside your win dow for nearly an hour, looking at him, listening to his voice when he spoke — tho dear, kind voice! That was not changed." "It. is true, then? You knew and loved my father years ago?" "Yes, knew him and loved him, and v.ould have been his wife ir ii had been his happiness to marry me. Think of that. Allan. I was to have been his wife, and 1 gave him up for his own sake." "Why did you do that? Why should you not have married him?" "Because I was only a poor girl, and lie was a gentleman — the only son of a rich widow, and his mother would never have forgiven him for such a marriage, i knew nothing of that when lie asked mo to be his wife. I only know that we loved each oilier trulv and dearly. But just before the day that" was to have been our wedding-day, his mother came to me, and told me that ii I persisted in marrying him. ! should be the banc of his life. It would bo social extinc tion for him to marry me. Social extinc tion! I remember those words, though T hardly know then what they meant. I was not. eighteen, Allan, and I knew less of th© world than many children of oiglu. But. T did not give up my happiness without a struggle. ' Tbero was strong persuasion brought lo bear upon me; and at lust. I yielded — for his sake'-" (To be continued.) 