St. LUKE'S CHURCH. Foundation Stono Laid Yeatorday. Lady Norman Performa the Ceremony. Tkk ceremony of laying tho foniid-tlon sUne of the new Church of Ht. Lnlto of this town joek pftico yesterday afternoon. This corrmony ma toon looked forward to for somo time past, nnd the large concourse of peoplo that gathorcd yeatefday aftenifion testified to tho drop lutur- er MKen in wnai most be a historical ovont In Toowoombe- Although tho sky was overcast hy cfond tho rain hold off, nnd it must bo re garded M a good omen that directly tlio core- mony commenced the sun carao out in all his splendor, Tho temperature was nice and cool, and altogether everything contributed towards the success of tho occasion. Tho Vicar of St. Luke's, the Rov, T. tit. John Pughn, Is lo bo heartily congratulated on yesterday's proceed ing, for ft is nndnnhtedly owing to his Indc- ftfg<fblo efforfsdariog lho last lltreu years Mist a i emulation siono was iaiu yosterday or a struc ture Mint will not only bo creditable to St. Luke's (rariali in particular, but to thu town of , Toowoornlia ami district In general. Before 1 Proceeding to describe the ceremonial it will not to out of piece to givo a Vory brief account of the stops that led to yesterday's ovont. Tim old Chureli of tit, J.nkc was founded by tho Rev. ArelHiAttcoff (Mennie nearly forty yearn ago. The building 1 present asm) for Divino service is tho same slab building built to meet tho needs of tho day# of tho " fifties, " but since thon it has boon cased on tho ouleido with Iron. Tho presont Vfetr was appointed to tit Luke's In Soptomber, 1021, and hn at O0ce saw lht If tho Church was to toko Its truo piano In Toowoomba, nnd tit. LakoVto formed Into a parish, capable of do- vol cfdng a vigorous spiritual life, thu koy to tho whom situation toy in strengthening tho centre nd building a larger and bottor Church. At tlio close of tho year a fond was started to build a new Church, The plans were so conceived that the Church could to built in two soalions, tho first portion to scat 100, and to cost about fitodt JMuOU. tihicu (hen tho plans hnvo been slightly altered, nnd tho probable oxponso re duced by atout £1000. U was proposed lo raito- thrr required amount over a fioriod of tliroo yours, am) lho Vicar ted tlio way by giving his stipend to the hulldlng fund for tliroo years. During time three yoara Mr. i'nglio lias dovotcd not ofdy the wliote of hi Inciino derived from tho Church, amounting to JMU7, hat a great deal of tlmo and energy niio,' and to Ids BcIf-socrJfioing. effotta and tho handicmu donation of £1000 from Mr.-F, C, nrodribb, tbo success of the undertaking ro In r Is ruafwly duo. Huffiotent money was collected to allow of tenders being Invited about the middle of last year, and in November last the tender of Mr. James Itouwtek was aceopted for tho completion of tho first purlieu of the toiMlog. Tho amount of the contract I# J&MG.; Tho building to draignod by Mr, Bnckerhlge, the Diocesan Architect, and, at» may to seen by s gtonco at tho illustratioos wo giro this morning, it will bo ono of tho finest ideee# of church srohitectaro in Queensland. Tim lengtli of this first portion will bo about 100 feet, and rearing accommodation will bo provided for Mi) persons. Tho timo for completion is 18 months, x tur. cr.nxnoKY. The cetolratten of laying tho foundation stono took place at 8 j».m. At that hour his Excel- toney the Governor, tody Norman, Miss Graco Norman, and Captain I'ynehad already arrived. Tim dtteht Iter, tlio Bishop of Bris bane. and tho Itovs. Warner, Pughc, Jones, Blsck, and Thatcher were present in thoir robe, and took up their respective positions uoartho stone. The ojmnlng ceremony was condneled in oc- eofdn nee with a printed progratnmo distributed among the audience. The psalms sung were the tilth and 1 22nd. The lesson were rosd by Mm Vtearand tho !(v. T. Jones. Aftor prayers hy the Bis hop the anthem, " Oh, how amiable am Thy Dwellings," was sang by the ohoir,, assisted by a fpll orchestra. Tho foundation stone wis then plaoed in position. Lady Norman standing in front of It, eilh the Governor by her t(4«< iff it Mtlty In th« ncos w» pHflsd an homotrlcaily soalod motel naskot. containing copfos of lho Tuowoomba Chrantcio, Seittcr, Vurlinj Dmcns Qmcltc, Driihnns Courier , oopios of tlio sorvico. list o( subaoribors, church- wnrdoQR report for tbn tout tliroo years, nnd thu various coins of tiio realm. Thu Rov. Mr. I'uglm then prosnutud Lady Norman with a handsome wiver trowel, and stfvor mounted matiol of satin wood. Tho trawol, which was a beautiful piceu of workinnnaldp, bora tbo following Inrcripllou : — " Presented to Lady Norman on tho oeuaBfou of rim laying of tho Foundation Stono of Ht, Luku's Church, Toowoomba, Queensland, 13th March, 1805." Aftor thu innrtnr hml huon spread and tho stono firmly adjusted, Lady Nortn-m nnfd : " In tho faith of Josua Clirint wn plnco this foundation stono, In tho uamo of thu Father, and of tho Son, and of thn Holy Ghost, Amen." Tim Uishnn then asfd ; "Horn lot tho trao faith j nnd tear of Oml, with lirolhurly lovo, over ahide; and ho this placo dedicated unto prnyor and iniln tho Ifi vocation undprafsn nf ti>Q Mont Holy Naino of lho same our Lord Jcbiia Christ, who ovor llvoth, with tho Father and lho Holy Spirit, ono God, world without omi, Amen." Titn munoi'to aodhi'.kb. Tho choir thon sang Hymn -Jfifi, nt tho ctoao of which the Bishop asconded tho stono nnd Raid that tho coremuny in which Lady Norman had takon so pleasing and so inomornl-lo a pnrt was by no moan destituto, of sytnbotio tncunlng for in thia land thoy wore laying tho great foundation stone of a nation that waa to no, nnd it was nf tho first Impor tance that that fonndallan should ho woll and truly Intu, una if tnmr t.nrtsunn cromi spoxo io them of roatitios thon tiiat fonndntion must be laid in tho faith and foar of God. They must took to tho Divino will as tho grant flanctinn of human lite and liimuu conduct. In tho days ffono by in tho o'd eouulry tho wliote work of foundation laying was porformed by tlio Church. As a great English statesman onco slated, and his words had been repeated oror and ovor ngshi, " It was not tho nation which founded thn Church, but it wob tbo Church that established thn nation." In this country tho State had undertaken a certain part of tho foundation laying which in tho old country wns dono as ho hml already said hy tho Church or other bodtns. Iu this country lho titUo had taken to teuuda- linn laying by undertaking lho important work of educating our youth, and oo long .is that work was notcrtiinod tlicio wns tho morn reason for tlio Church to bo up and doing, and thoy hailod witli glndncsa lho laying tft a foundation stone of a Church which promised to to a Church tho titto of which thoy had not .in tho dlocnso. It was asked of liltti tho'otliur day whethor tlio stono laying ceremony would actually tako place in a timo tiko the Reason of Lent wfion lho Church peoplo wore kenning that M>a«on, but lio thought there cottld ho no fitter timo far such a ceremony. Ho apponlod to them to sncrlfico a littlo towards lho Church. Somn of llieiii had mndo an effort to promote tho erection, of tho Church. Thoso who had mado that sacrl- flao might appeal to their frlonde to assist. Thoy must each put thoir shoulder to tho wheel and. work heart to hourt and luud to hand in carrying out this noblo work. Only | pnrt of tho building was ut present being erected, but why should not tho wholo uf it bo built? It could to dono, if thoy nil assSstod with Into enthusiasm, aud put thulr shoulders to tho whvol with a determination not to stop until tho wholu of that boautiful design wns carried out. Uo alliidod to lho sacrifice thoir Vicar had mado in contributing Ids stipond. which was fairly his own, towards tlio erection of tho Church, and hoped alt others would assist in tho carrying out of this noblo work. Thu choir thon sang " Tho Churches' Ono Foundation," during which subscriptions wore invited to bo pluced upon tho stono and n col lection was mado, the total sain received amounting to £121 17s. fid. Tim (Jishopthen pronouueed tbo Benediction, and tho procoocdings closed. "at home" at " nundqiu." Tho Rov. Mr. and Mrp. I'upbc held an "at homo" ut Nundora in tho afternoon. His Ex cellency lho Governor, Lady Noriuan, Mim Graco Norman, und Captain L'yno were prosont. Mr. Pngho had extended a gonerul-invitutiun to bis pariahioners and friends to honor tho occa sion by their presence at Nundora and tho invi tation was largely accepted- Tho houso end grounds wero thrown open to tho visitors, and Mr. Kratichmar'sband played spirited musloou tbo lawn. Light refreshments were supplied, and a very enjoyable afternoon was spent. Beth Mr. and Mrs. Fogho were Indefatigable in thoir effort la looking eUcr their auumroue RUMttl - thu social is tub bvbkimu. Tho workmon employed nn tbo Church and their families wero ontertahicd nt ton by tho ladio of tho congregation In tho School of Arts lotho numbnr of 200. Tho table were sup- pliad, loaded with all tiiu di-llcaclos of tho season, and amnio luetic wns douo to tha good tiling provided. Mrs. Dutlou, Mrs. Atkiuaon, and otl.or ladies woro most uttoutivp to tho wnntiofult. Aftor tea a social gallmring was hold over which tho IIov. Mr. I'ugho presided, llio night Rov. thu Biahon bf lirisbatia was present, Tho Chairman stated that Mr. W, II. Uroom, M.L.A. , had, at ' his request, un dertaken to givo Ills rcinlniscciiRoa of tho past history of tit. Luko's. Ilo knew of no ono bettor nblo to givo informa- tioii of lho past history of 'Toowoomba than Mr. Groom, and hu had ploaouro In calling upon him to iiudras thorn. Mr. W. It, Groom, who was received witli hearty npnlaodo, said ho wua that night an - hivitod guest, Tlio Vicar nf tit. Lukes (ltov. T. tit, John Pughn) thought that as ono of tlio oldest rosidonts of lho town ho (Mr. Groom) might bo ablo to touch on tlio oarly history nf St. Luko's Church In Too- wnombu ; might bo nblo to toll tbum somatbiug of what St. Luko's waa when population was first attracted to what waa then known ns tho Drayton Swamps. In order lo follow him hn would ask thom to carry thoir minds back U7 yeais ago., Let Ilium try and imagine wh lootvoombn was then. Tho Main Range dotted io nay wan tmndiomo villa r r»ces wa thon covered witli sptaudid timucv. Splitters, lancers, nnd sawyers— thu mon who used the old pit bwh— woro thon cnmpcil under tho umbra geous olmdu of tho trnus. Tho town of Too woomba was then only In iiroccaA of formation. Tim prevent Royal Hotel, thou called tlio " Soimrallnn Hotel," had just boon built by William llortoo, of Drayton. Ruthvcn-strevt was just coming Into existence, und it was easy to onumorato thoso wbo lived in It. Tlio namon of Partrldgo, Fry. Juo Dont, Pnardon, nnd Homxwortli, who thon lived hi Rulhvun-Htrcot, wore tho familiar names of U7 years ago. All thoso old pioncora hnd gonn, but they had left honored familtes bohlnu them lo perpetuate thoir names and memories In tlio Toowoomba of to- day. Tlilrly-flovon yours ago thoro stood in UulUvcn-strcct aolnb building. Soino of these 'mon whoso names ho had monlioiicd sent thoir best slabs from tho camps on thu Rango to put in It. This slab building was oroctod through lho uxortions of tlio Rov, Benjamin Glomiio. It was built as a sellout for tho children of tiio Rlilitter and fonccra, and also for the purpose uf Divino Worship on tiutidayR, Tlio vory name of tho olorgymau who una thn chlof mover in its emotion brought back n fiobt nf memories of tho old days. How could ho spank to tluun .of tho Rev. Mr. Glomiio. That reverend gmUlomnn was to-day 87 years of ago. - His lite lmd; boon largely iden tified with St. Luko'a and this distriot, and It - was but fitting that on mi uecn- fion llko this, when tlio nuw'waa about to replace tlio old, that some of thom, who whoa infants, perhaps, worn baptised In his arms, should think kindly of that grand old patriarchal clergyman and hi# groit and good work. in year gone by. Tlio Rov. Mr, Qlonnio was a living SiraonlQcatlon of a good clergyman. Tho poet oldsmitb In ltte poem of " Tho Doiartod Vil lage" was believed in thoso linos to liavo do- scribed his rovnrond father, tlio vlltugu Clergy man of " Sweet Auburn." " Near yonder copio, where onco tho gsrdcn smifod, And still wlioro many n garden flowor grows wild 5 There, where a fow tern shrubs tho placo direlosu, Tho village preacher's modest mansion roso. A man hn waste nil thu country dear, And purring rich with forty pounds n year; Remote limn towns ho ran his godly raco, Nor o'er had changed, nor wished to change, his nlnce; < Uimkilfut ho to fawn, or seek for power, By doctrine fariiiou'd to tho varying hour; Far other alms hi heart had Joarut to prize, Mnru bout to ratootho wretched than to rise. His houiowsB known to all tho vagrant train, ' Ho ohtd their wanderings, hut rollovod their pain ; Pleased with his guests, tho good man Icarn'd to glow And quite forgot their vices in their woo ; Careless their merits or ttu ir fault to ucun, His pity gavo uio charity began. Thus « triloT ths wretvhui wft« hU JwldCi . And o'on his failiags lean'd to rirtoo's aide, Bat In his duty prompt to every call, Ilo watch'd and wept, ho prayed and felt for And as a bird onch fond ondoarmnnt trios. To (ompt its now fledgod offspring to tho skios. Ho tried caoh art, reproved each dull delay, Allured to brighter worlds, and led tho way." How apropos wero thoso lines to tho Rov. Mr. Glomiio? Lot thom Imagmo all tho Darling Downs thon undor his particular earo. Mr. Glonnin's homo was In Drayton, and tho old Parsonage and Church of forty years ago still stand as Und marks lo point to tho mon and woman o( to-day, tho htstorio work of ono who must ovor |>o regarded as tbo fathor of (ho Anglican Church In QnoonsUnd, and whoso bright oxamplo of a goodly, nnaelfish life has borne (ruit in many homtm. Ho (Mr. Groom) coutd tlint evening call buck tho pari, and imagine that hosawilio rovorond gontiumait thon aa ho saw him 37 year ago, with his clerical rutos and his Biblo and Prayer book packed In a leather pack, aud fastened by straps to his shouldors, walking from station to station ntong through tho lonely bush to thn scattered homos therein, and holding in thoso homes Divino Sorvico, baptising tho young, praying by a sick bedside, marrying young couptos, or performing tho last sad ritos of thn dead. Of course ho must remind thorn that Stato Aid to ministers of religion existed In thoso days. Tho sum paid to Mr. Glennio by tho Govcrnmont of Now South Wales was £100 per year, and .when in 18(50 tho first 1 arilamcnt of Queensland passed tlio State Aid Abolition Act. tho right of tho Rov. Mr. Glannio far some consideration was recognised and hU salary wa# decreed by tho Act to bo continuod to him a long as hn lived, aud officiated as a clergyman in Quconalnnd. AH tho spare monoy Mr. Glomiio received in thoso days ho un- sullUhly devoted to Church puqioaos. Tlio Httlo Church at Drayton was his cspoolal care, nnd for year thn sound of tho boll of St. Mnlthnw'a on a Sunday morning was tlio only remindorthobushinanofthal'tUtio"liad that tho ritHgirm nt thoir fnthors had followod thom to their bush homes. As long as memory lasts in thoso who know him and loved hiin for his worth, tbo memory of tho Rov Mr. Glennio wilt bo dear indeed, and ns' timo rolls on, perhaps, tim children of Jho early founders of Drayton nnd Toowoomba will erect In tbu' now Churoh of St. Luko'a somo momorial of him to show to' succocdiug generations that "lho deeds of good men Uvo aftor thom." To tho Rev. Mr. Glonnin's forethought was duo tbu silo of 8t. Luke's, Tbo grant for a Church of England building site was givon by tho Government above tlio gaol. At tho firat land -ite uf Uuthvon-slreet two acre allotments tlio Rev. Mr. Glennio purchased tlio two acres at tho cnrner uf Hurries and Hnthvon-Btroots,' behaving it to bo tho tnnst central position for a churoh ami raliool. Un purchased tho land in tim name- of tho thon Bishop or Nowcastio, Dr. Tyrrell, hut it D now vested In tho corporation of tho dioccsft of Brisbane. B> Ids savings out of his incoimt and private donations rccoivod the Rov. Mr. Qlcmno accumulated tho sum ol £600 for tit. Luko's, and this sum -was liandodovorto tho dioccio whon tho nrst Bishop ol Brisbano was appointed. Uo (&(r. Groom) believed that this sum was subsequently lent to St. Paul's Church, Ipswich. In tho " fifties " . and " sixtios " Denominational Education prevailed, nud tho Rov. Mr. Glunnlo always regarded St. Luko's aito as suitable for a school in connection with tho Church of England. . It was always understood that tbo ltov. Mr. Glennio collected tho £800 with tho intention of making it a per- nmnont ondowineut for Ht. Luko'a school. Ilu would now tako thom back to tho tiino when tbo school was . orectod. . By tho sido of it was a- littlo slab cotlngo for tho re«i» donee of the teacher. Thoro was difficulty in providing a teacher in tboso days, and for a timo it was thought tho difficulty would bo insurmountable, but a lady camo to the rescue, tiha rented the cottage upon terms, and upon tho understanding that one of th# young ladies to to employed in hor business should teach in the school by day. This young lady soon brought thu children teguthar, and kept tho school in good order and discipline until tlio Separation of Queensland. A Board of Educa tion was thon appointed, and under that Board tho late Mr, A. 11. Thompson booamo thn first malo teacher of St. Luko's Denominational School. Hn (Mr. Thompson) subsequently be came an Alderman of tho Municipality and Mayor ' of Toowoomba. As population in creased it became necessary to enlarge thu slab building, and a Committee was formed oousirilng of Mr, Thompson, Mr. iVttrldgo, Mr. Pcardon, Mr, Hems- vrovth, sM hiiu'vlt (Mri Groom), To owry cut tho wishes of thoso who worshipped In St. Luke's thoy orocted a chancel. Ilu (Air. Groom) gavo tho communion rail, and tiio lion. Jamre Taylor gavo tho altar aud cloth, and also holpcd a littlo towards lho Church alterations. Separa tion brought thorn a Bishop and a now clergy man, whoso dutioB wero coulined oxctueivuly to Toowoomba, wliilo tho Rov. Mr. GlouuUi retired to hia Drayton work and general pastoral ovor- sight over tho Downs. Tlio builuing of a new Church kooji engaged thoir attention. A bazaar was hold which realwod a hnmlsomo sum, and with gifts from various donors between £700 and £600 waa raised. Tho site for tho now Church was a vexed qncstion, and oxcitod at tlio timo much feeling. That the sum wns raised upon tim distinct understanding that tho now Church should bo oroctod on tho sito of St. Luko'a, a lho uioAt control for tho parish as things Mien were, was unquestioned. But tho Hon. James Taylor offaroil a sito for tho Church riUss®!totre«Jt, and it was ovontunlly loft to lluimp luffnoti to deoido tho quostion of sito fur a now Church. Tho iJisuup doafdod In favor of the Ruam-ll-Blreot site, giving ns hia reason that hq in tho old country tlio traveller ns ho cinorgou from a railway carriage saw before mm tho steeples of hi family Churoh, so horn in loowonmba tho travollur as hooHghtod on tho plulform would sco before hint tho splra of tbo (.litirchofhnglaud whon erected iuRuBscll'Stroot. lho movituhlo was accepted, and St. Junius' Church was oracled on iu present site. Such 1 then was tho history of tho past in connection with St. Luko s before its creation into a separate : parish under tho charga of tlio Rev. Sir. I'ugho. niu uuw uuuuing, uio lounuation stone of which was lalu that day, would ho tho croation of tho present generation. Thu first piunoors contributed their mite Its tho interests of thoir Church iu tlio form of tho old building which tho now was to re place; iu it thuir children wero baptisod, and many of them marriod. It had a history ex. tending oyer -10 years— a history associated with all tho difficulties nnd privations which warn inoidontal to oarly colonisation. A villago of 200 inhabitants had grown into a town, might ho say, a city, with a imputation of 10,000, and a suburban and producing population of 20,009. Tho growth and ndvniioomout or Touwoombn had uot beou accomplished without energy, persovor- Aiioe. and dilipcnt work on tho part of its early fouudors. Thu mun of to-day found cvory thing ready made for them. Thoy have thoir Court Hou&c;, l'oit Ofllco, Hospital, Asylum for tlio.Insauo, Grammar School, Town Hall, School of Arts, aud Churclioso and Stato . aoliool. Thoso woro not obtained without tho expendi ture of cAiiitat and labor, lo which tho mon and woman of the past contributed largely thoir share. At a timo liko tho pronent, when they woro rightly celebrating auotiior histori- cal ovont, and ono which still furthor narkbd tho progress nf Toowoomba, lot lim ask llicra to think kindly of thoso vho liavo gono before, tho fruits of wIicbo labors thoy wore now onjoyiug, aud who unsol- ; flshly did thoir share to promote tho happiness aud prosperity of this town and district. Aud abovo all, lut hiui again oxprtms tho hopo that ore tho now St. Luke's wns opened it would con tain oomo tasting momorial of tho labors of tho Uov. Benjamin Glennio. Mr. Groom wus froqaontly applauded during the delivery of hia address, ana rosumod his scat amid loud and long continued applauso. Tlio Bishop of Brisbane, who was very heartily rcolvod, moved a hourly vote of thouKs to Mr. Groom for his exceedingly Interesting and lucid history of oarly church work on tlio Downs. Personally ho was much indebted lo Mr. Groom for his graceful allusion to tho work of his very riuar friend Archduacon Glotuiio. (Applauso ) L'orhapo lho oroctlon ot a Chauool or a Baptistry would bo a good way of perpetuating the momory of tho founder of thu Churoh on lho Downs. Thia was a gathering, hn understood, of workmen aud thoir families, and ho oxprcssud tho ploAHuru he felt at bring present among thom. Tlio Bishop then gave somo humorous incidents in connection with a visit ho paid to a gathoring ol 200 ot tho loadors of labor in London, which greatly interested and amazed Ills hoarors. Mr. J. R. Warnor socondod tho vote of thanks Ho had boon greatly interested In Mr. Groom's address, end several matter mentioned wore quite now to him. Ho would bo vory glad to givo his help lo porpotuatu thu memory of the Uov. U. Glomiio in tlio now Churoh. : Tbo motion was carried by acclamation, and Mr. 'Groom brlolly ooknowlodgod tho compli ment. Tho Bros Band of tho Gordon Club (ban played an ovorturu, nnd suvarnt songs and rooi- lotions woro givon by Mrs. Fortesouo, MiBs Konyon, Mr. Haskow, Mr. W. F. Bur- no'l, Master R. llamsbotlum, tha Itev. Mr. Pughc, a display of Indian Clubs by Mr;- F. Boyco, aud a Sailor's Hornpipe by Mr. Joseph. Tim Rov. Mr. Pugha, in a complimentary spocoh, thanked thoso who had assisted thorn lu carrying out tho programme, und alao tiio ladloo of St. Luke's Church for proparing toa. Mr. Stauluy Ilobson played tho accompaniments throughout thu ovouing. After tlio conoort tea was sorved round, und half-past ten brought lho most ovontful day in lho history of tim Parish ol St. Luko'a to an agrooablo clone. INTERIOR VIEW OF SECTION OF ST. LUKE'S NEW CHURCH. 