The Triple Mystery; or, Wick. CJj-5i'ieo,a SesEc-ji ©r#P&.'s. CHAPTER XXX.— (Continued). AT PISTOL POINT. He moved cautiously forward, stopping now and then to listen. But no sound came to him, and he reached the library, and paused at the foot of the stairs which led to the upper floors. Then he produced his pocket lantern — a marvel in its way — and pressed the button. A narrow shaft of intense light gleamed like a material substance across the room, and revealed a desk' which stood in one -corner, open, and with writing materials upon it. He moved forward, and picked up article after article from the desk; he extrac ted others from the pigeon -holes ; he opened drawers and examined what ever they contained. But. he found nothing of interest. ' Navarro is much too sharp to leave anything here,' muttered Nick, ' but there is a place in this house where, he keeps memoranda, I am sure, and I will And it. In order to do so I must ascend the stairs, and that means additional risk of dis covery. Well, here goes.' Softly, without a sound, keeping close to the wall, and touching only alternate steps as he ascended, so as to lessen the likelihood of making a noise, he went to the second floor. The doors which led into the rooms from the hall-way were closed. But a light shone through the transom above one of them, and he remem bered suddenly that Navarro had told him his wife was ill. lie listened at the doer a moment, and he heard the murmur of voices beyond it. ' Navarro's wife and her maid,' he thought, ' I'll go still higher. If the Spaniard has a room where he keeps his papers, and where he goes to hatch his plots, it is sure to be at the top of the house.' Then he ascended the second flight. There, as on the floor below, the doors were closed, and Nick threw his light upon them, in doubt of which room to enter first. He selec ted the front one, however, and reaching it turned the nob. The door was locked. ' Good !' he muttered. ' This is the room I want.'; It was a Yale lock upon the door, but Nick cared nothing for that. It required rather more delicate manipu lation with the instrument he carried, that was all. In two minutes -the door yielded before him, and he. passed through into the room, closing it behind him, but fixing the spring cf the lock so -Dhat the bolt would not snap into glance, following the shaft 01 liglit from his lantern as he directed it from place to place, convinced him he was in the place he sought. There was a flat- top desk in the centre of the apartment, and before it a chair where the owner sat when he did his writing and figuring. There were cigarettes and cigars scattered upon the desk, a lounging coat hung over the back of the chair, and, in short, every evidence of the identity of the man 'who used the apartment was present and apparent. The detective glided to the window, drew the curtains tightly, and closed the inside blinds, so that no ray of Tight could steal forth into the street. He did not forget that he was in the room which was situated directly above that occupied by Mrs Navarro, and that if he made the slightest noise he would alarm her. When the blinds were tightly closed, he went to the desk, seated himself in- the chair, and tried the drawers with which the desk was provided. They were locked ; but he soon overcame that impediment to his proceedings, and presently he drew forth a large roil of glazed drawing-paper, and spread it out before him. He could scarcely repress an ex clamation of pleasure when he saw what it contained. It was the very thing above all others that he most desired to see — the very thing in which Chief-Inspector Byrnes had referred in his letter by the words " title deeds." At the top was an oblong diagram in which was written the name "An tonio Del Puente, 1743," and beneath it, connected by lines drawn from one : o another, were other diagrams con- Laming other names and dates. Pie was just bending forward to examine the curious document more closely when he was startled by a low laugh behind him. In an instant he dropped the roll, and leaped to his feet. But it was only to find himself face to face with Manuel Navarro, who stood in the doorway, a cold smile upon his handsome face and a revolver in his right hand. The muzzle was pointed directly at Nick's head, and the detective saw in the glance of the Spaniard's eyes that he meant to shoot him down without mercy. CHAPTER XXXI. a bold and clever move. The detective stood for an instant in doubt as to the best possible way of avoiding the consequences of the discovery that had been made. Pie plainly saw by the attitude of the man before him that it was only a question of impulse with Navarro when he should pull the trigger of the weapon in his hand, and thus end the life of the intruder who had dared to penetrate to that room on the top floor, and make free with his papers and documents. But there was something of the cat about Navarro, Now that be had his enemy entirely at his mercy be preferred to play with him, and so prolong the misery of the scene. ' So,' he said, presently, still with that cold smile upon his face, ' it seems that I have caught, you red- handed.' ' Yes ; it does have that appear ance,' retorted Nick, as coolly as he. ' Do you know what I intend to do with you ?' continued the special envoy, showing his white teeth in a more pronounced smile that before. ' If your attitude is any evidence,' said Nick, slowly, ' I should say that it is your intention to shoot me.' ' You are quite right ; it is.' The detective regarded his enemy narrowly. He calculated upon the distance that separated them, and upon the chance that he would have of covering it in one leap; and thus escaping the fate that seemed to stare him in the face. But his judgment told him that the attempt would be useless. Be fore he could cover half the distance the weapon would be discharged, and the bullet from it would be buried in his heart. Navarro seemed to comprehend the thoughts that were passing in the supposed burglar's mind. ' Don't try it,' he said coolly. ' It would not work. You would be a corpse before you could get half way to me.' ' Weil,' said Nick, for want of something better,, to say, ' Why don't you shoot.' ' I am waiting,' was the cold re ply. ' I am waiting for you to tell me who you are.' ' Indeed ! Why should I tell you that ?' ' Because I . will kill you if you don't.' ' And you will kill me if I do ; so what's the use ? The chances are. as good if I keep silent as if I talk.' ' Suppose I assure you that you may go free provided you tell me who you are, who sent you here, and why you came. Will you talk then ?' ' Perhaps you will have to satisfy me first that you will keep your word.' £ Bah ! It is I who am making conditions — not you. Who are you ?' ' Well, I have several names and I hardly know which to give you. Men in my profession use names as you do suits of clothes ; they wear a different one every day.' ' Ah ! Then you would have me believe that you are a burglar. A burglar would have contented him- self with the silver on the lower floors instead of coming up here in search of papers.' There was truth in what Navarro saidi and nobody could have realised it better than the detective. ' Now, once more : Who are you ?' ! asked (Navarro again.. .- Nick : saw an - opportunity of sav ing his own. life by a -bold and clever move. . When Navarro repeated the question, he raised his eyes boldly to the face of the Spaniard, and said, coolly, ' I am a detective.' A dark frown swept over the face of the special envoy. His swarthy face flushed and then grew pale for the briefest fraction .of an instant. Then he laughed softly. 'Why are you here ?'. ' I am here under orders I have been sent by my chief.' ' Ah ! Who is your chief ? Why did he.send'you here ?: 'To find certain papers — the one I bad in my hand when you entered was one, and any others which re lated to it.' ' Hew did you identify the paper as the one you wanted ?' ' By the name on the top — -Del Puente.' Again Navarro gave a slight start. ' Had you examined the paper when I entered ?' he asked, pre- sentiy. 'No; I had just found it.' ' Then you know nothing of the contents of the paper ?' ' Nothing.' - ' If you wish to escape from this house alive you will tell me who sent you here, and what you expected to be accomplished. If you refuse I will kill you..' ' On the contrary you will not kill me.' Again that cold smile flitted across the face of Manuel Navarro. ' Tell me,' he said, without deign ing to argue the question. ' I have nothing to tell.' ' My man, I admire your pluck, but it will not save you. Answer me and tell me all that I wish to know, or, as surely as you stand there, I will shoot you down in your tracks.' Nick saw that Navarro meant what he said. He realised, moreover, that the law was on 'the side of the Spaniard. Finding a supposed burg lar in his house, he shot and killed him. He would.be justified in doing so, and evideutly Navarro knew it, as well as Nick. ' Come,' he continued, coldly. ' Speak if you would save your life. What did you expect to accomplish by coming here, and who is the man who sent you ?' 'And if I do, what then?' asked Nick. ' I will spare your life.' ' Prove it by lowering your wea pon. I am unarmed, as you see. Do you think you would run any danger at that distance, even if the pistol were only held in -your hand instead of pointing straight at me.' ' Will you sheak then ?' ' Yes,' nodded Nick. . The desk was; in the centre of the room, and the detective stood beside it. Navarro was at the door, which was half open, and fully twelve feet from where Nick stood. The Spaniard meditated a moment. Pie took one step backward to be even nearer the opening, and then he lowered his arm until it hung at his . side. ' Speak now,' he said, coldly, again, ' but I warn you if you make a move to secure a weapon I'll shoot you as I would a rat !.' Nick shrugged his shoulders, and said, ' Very well. The man who sent me here and by whose orders I am acting is ' He paused suddenly and then con tinued, as though he saw some one just behind Navarro : ' Ah, senor ! your wife.' P'cr just one instant Navarro for got himself. He partly turned his head, and. as he did so the detective took a sudden leap forward. CHAPTER XXXII. a burglar for an hour. Nick was as quick as a cat and as supple. He had worked up to that moment with great -care, . knowing that the Spaniard was as wily as a man could be, and it would only be by the most caretuily-worked strata gem that he could throw him for an instant off his guard. But the plan worked. He first convinced the special en voy that he was willing to tell him all he knew,' and then startled him' by the old trick of announcing that there was also some one behind them who might also hear. Twelve feet was not much of a leap for him, particularly when every muscle in his body had been prepar ing for the spring. Before Navarro could recover and raise his weapon, Nick seized him. With one quick jerk, he threw the Spaniard upon the floor, and placed one knee upon his breast. ' There !' he said. ' The tables are turned. It is I, not you, who will make terms now.' Navarro's face was white with rage. But he made no effort to speak. He only glared up at the man who had got the best of him so suddenly, and Nick knew that he was . regretting that he had not shot the burglar or detective, whichever he was, when he had the opportunity. Nick carefully searched his captive for weapons, finding only a long, slender dagger, besides the revolver with which he had been so lately threatened. 'Now get up,' he said, rising him self. ' You are no match for me, so take my advice and sit over there, and keep quiet while I finish my work.' Navarro rose slowly to his feet, and \\-vent to the chair indicated. He knew that he had no chance against the man who had so easily, mastered him in the late struggle,' and he was too wise to make a useless effort. His composure returned almost in stantly, too, and he was outwardly at least as cool and as smiling as ever. | ' Well, what are you going to do, now that you have your own way ?' he asked. ' Examine that chart ?' 'Oh, hang your charts ! I didn't . come here to study charts.' ' But aren't you a detective ?' . 'You bet I am; one of the best kind, too. I detect where silver and gold and precious stones are kept, and then, when I have found out, I go and get them. If I had told you the truth about my business here when you had the drop on me you'd have shot me off-hand — eh ? That's why I told you the ghost story about the detective business. Do you un derstand ?' An expression of genuine relief crossed the face of Manuel Navarro when Nick ceased speaking. ' Now,' said Nick, going still closer to him, and holding the dagger un- comfortably near to the Spaniard's throat, ' where are those shiners ?' ' I don't know what you mean.' ' Shiners means diamonds.' ' Bah ! I have no diamonds in the house except the one on my finger. Do you want that ? Take it.' Nick pretended to look puzzled. ' I got it straight from my pal,' he said, ' that you had a lot of shiners, and that you kept 'em here in this room.' ' Well, your pal -lied to you.' ' Did he ? I'll see about that,' and Nick pressed the dagger still closer, until the point touched Na varro's neck. ' Tell me where they are, or I'll hurt you,' he said. The Spaniard remained unmoved. ' If you should cut my throat,' he said, 'it would do you no good. I have nothing in this room of the slightest value.' . ' Oh, you haven't, eh ? Well, you seemed to attach a lot of value to that roll of paper on the desk. I'll have a look at that before I go. Maybe I'll take it with me, and make you redeem it.' . ' Do. It would give me an ex cellent chance to catch you later on.' ' Anyhow, I'll just go through you.' And Nick did forthwith. He made no haste to search the pocket where he believed that Navarro carried the snake ring, but presently he reached it in his search, and found it — empty, except for the watch that had kept it company. For a moment he believed that Navarro had found another place in which to secrete the ring, but as he was about to cease in his efforts to find it he felt the presence of another pocket be hind the one he had been searching. It was made of chamois skin, and was simply pinned to the garment on the inside. The detective very deftly removed it — and inside he found two rings — the one that Na varro had shown to him that after noon, and the one which Chick had taken from Navarro's pocket in the Arlington Hotel the previous day. ' Humph !' he said. ' What are these ?' ' Rings,' said Navarro, senten- tiously.' . ' Sp I see. Not much good either. This one may be worth something though,' he added, holding up the one which had so greatly interested him. ' I think I'll keep It, anyhow.' Navarro shrugged his shoulders. ' How much do you think it is worth-?' he asked. ' Oh, a hundred, maybe.' ' Give me an address where I can send . the money to you, and you shall have two hundred if you will leave it.' 'Oho! You seem to place great store by this, don't you ? No, I think I'll keep it. Some day when I'm hard up I'll bring it back, and get the two hundred — eh ?' ' I'll make it three if you'll leave the ring.' ' Tell you what I'll do,' said Nick. ' I'll take these two rings and the watch. When you make ready to pay me an even thousand for the lot just put a .line in the personal columns of the Star. Oh, you need'nt answer,' he continued, as Navarro still remained silent. ' I can wait, and I. can watch the Scar, too. A new Avay of studying astronomy — eh?' ' I. wish I had you where you were when I caught you here,' muttered Navarro, his eyes gleaming with rage. ' No doubt — no doubt ! But then you haven't.' Nick turned to the desk and picked up the family chart. ' I wonder if you would redeem this, too,' he said, as if half to him self. ' I'll have a look at it, anyhow.' He spread it open on the desk, and spent several moments in study ing it, standing, however, so that he would see the slightest move that Navarro might attempt to make. ' Pshaw !' he exclaimed, presently. ' This thing doesn't amount to any thing,' and with one brush of the hand he, swept . it to the floor, -and then, he turned again to Navarro. '..I- am going now,' he said. 'I'm to lock you in this room, and you can ring the bell and have somebody let you out when I am gone. Don't forget that little fact about the thou sand dollars and the Star' There was the regular lock in the door, below the Yale lock that Na varro had caused to be put in, and Nick stepped from the room and closed the door behind him. He turned the key on the outside, and hurried down the steps and out into the street. As he gained the pavement, .he raised his eyes towards the windows of the house he had left. Just as he did so Navarro threw up one of the sashes. Then there came a sudden flash and report, and the detective sank senseless upon the pavement. . CHAPTER XXXIII. . . - in ethel's room. The detective lav stretched upon the pavement in front of the house of Manuel Navarro, and he was to all appearance dead. Nobody seemed to hear the pistol shot, or if it was heard, no attention was paid to.it. Moments paesed, and then round the corner from Seventeenth-street appeared the form of a policeman. He was walking slowly, and he had approached within a hundred feet of the silent object on the pavement before he discovered it. Then he started forward, but as he did so the door of Navarro's house opened, and the special envoy dashed out. One leap carried him down the steps, and he reached the body several seconds before the officer did so. Officer,' he exclaimed, '-come here !' The officer was approaching as rapidly as he could, and in an instant more they both bent over the silent form. ' Is he dead or only drunk ?' de manded the policeman. ' Neither,' returned Navarro.. ' He is a burglar. I shot him.' ' You shot him ?' ' Yes, from the upper window. He had held a dagger at my throat for an hour, he had taken my valuables, and then he locked me in my room. There was a revolver in my desk, and when he went away I got it. Then I opened the window, and waited till he came out. Look ! I will prove what I say. Put your hand in the right side pocket of his coat, -And you will find my watch and two rings.' Then, while the officer complied, Navarro described the jewellery. . But the policeman had no sooner examined the trinkets than Navarro stretched out his hand and took them from him. ' Come,' he said, ' restore my pro perty. The burglar is reviving. He has only a scratch on the side of his head. He was stunned, that's all.' ' But ' — ' Never mind, officer. Here is something to remember me by. You know who I am. I live in this house. Now that I have secured my property I would rather let the man go than take the trouble to ap pear against him.' He placed a note for a good-sized amount in the policeman's hand, and turned away. ' Leave him there,' he said. ' He will revive presently, and then we will forget all about it.' Navarro returned, and hastily re entered the house. The officer hesi tated a moment, then, noticing that the supposed burglar was surely re viving, he cast one glance -at the' sub stantial note which he had received from Navarro, and he also turned and retraced his steps towards Seven teenth-street. As soon as his back was turned Nick opened his eyes. He had been conscious during the latter part of the conversation, and he knew why Navarro did not care to appear in court, ' He would be obliged to exhibit the ring,' mused Nick, ' and he doesn't want to do that.' ' By Jove!' he muttered, as he slowly raised himself upon his elbow and looked around him, ' that was a close shave.' He placed one hand to his head, and drew it away again. There was blood upon it. Still the wound was only a graze. Then, glancing hastily around, he rose to his feet, and hur ried away. He lost 00 time in getting back to his apartments in the Portland, and there he quickly reassumed the dis guise of the Brazilian mine-owner. It was then two o'clock in the morn ing, but he knew that the ball at Richard Gray's would be at its full height, and he realised that he must be seen there, for he argued that Navarro would surely return to that place before morning. When he entered the mansion it was nearly three o'clock in the morn ing, and a few of the guests had called their carriages, and were de parting. There was no place in Washington, however, where the festivities were kept up so long as they were at Gray's, and he knew that he still had two hours in which to show himself. The wound on his head he had hastily dressed, when altering his disguise. It smarted somewhat, but beyond that gave him no inconveni ence. Almost the first person whom he saw, when he entered, was Chick, who was already serving in the capa city of valet to Richard Gray. By a sign, imperceptible to others, Chick made his superior understand that he had something to tell him. Then he came forward and took the detec tive's hat and coat. Wait for me here, Chick,' whis pered Nick ; ' I must pay my res pects before ' I attend to anything else.' ' Very well, but hasten. It is im portant. I will wait for you in the library.' 'Good!' replied Nick. Then he hurried . away, and was soon in the ball-room.' With one glance he swept the room, noticing who was there. , He saw Eunice Gray in a distant corner, and standing near her, his face smil ing and serene, was Manuel Navarro. ' Ah 1' muttered the detective, ' he was even quicker than I. I wonder how he happened to go to his home at just the right time ?' Doctor Jerome he saw deep in conversation with the host, but Ethel for -whom he looked earnestly, was not to be seen. ' ' Where is she ?' he mused. ' I wonder if that pistol-shot 1 heard this morning has kept her from the ball to-night ? Ah, possibly that is what Chick wishes to see me about.' He was on'the point of returning and seeking Chick in the library — having bowed to his host across the room, when he saw Navarro hasten ing towards him. 'Ah, Mr. Carter,' he said genially, and with that enigmatical smile upon his face, ' you are late at the festi vities ?' . ' Yes, "rather. And you ?' ' Oh, I was also late. I have been engaged in deadly combat.' ' Have you been fighting a duel ?' Navarro laughed. 'Worse,' he said. 'I have been fighting with a burglar.' ' A burglar ! Dear me 1 Here in this house ?' ' Oh, no ! In my own. And, would you believe it, he nearly got away with that precious ring of mine. I am going to put it in a safety de posit vault in the morning. ' I would ; it seems to be unlucky. What did you do with the burglar ? ' ' I shot him.' It was said very coolly, and to any one else than Nick Carter, who knew the truth of the occurrence, the cold words would have been startling. He only laughed in a low tone as he said : ' Then he probably will not burgle any more. Excuse me, won't you ? I must make myself known to our host. ' Certainly. Don't forget that you dine with me to- night.' Nick hurried to Mr. Gray, shook hands with him, bowed to the doc tor, said a pleasant nothings to those who stood near them, and then, seizing the first opportunity , that offered, made his way to the library, where he found Chick impatiently waiting. ' Well ?' said Nick. ' Come with me, quick !' was the reply., ' We have time yet, I think.' ' Time for what ?' ' Time to arrest the person who murdered Brayton Russel,' said Chick, halting and facing him. ' That is, if she has not yet gone. I mean that Ethel Gray is a mur deress ! I mean that she has laid her plans for flight, and that she has just gone to her room to complete her arrangements when you came in. If you had not come I should have arrested her myself. I am waiting for you. - Come on !' Chick did not wait, so that the detective could not question him further, but started away through the hall and up the stairs to the same room where Ethel had that morning been taken after the pistol- shot. Reaching the door, he rapped softly. There was no answer, and he knocked again. Still no answer. All was silent within, and nothing but the strains of a waltz rwhich floated up to them from the ball room could be heard. ' Try the door, said Nick. Chick touched the handle. It turned easily in his hand, and lie pushed the floor open. Then both started back with a cry of horror, for the sight which they saw on the floor before them was' enough to startle the bravest men. CHAPTER XXXIV. the u-n known victim. That which caused two detectives to start back with such suddenness as they opened the door which led into the room occupied by Ethel- Gray was the body of a woman lying prone upon her back on the floor, with her arms stretched to their fullest extent in opposite directions, and her face, which might once have been beautiful, distorted almost be- youd recognition. After the one exclamation of alarm which escaped both men simultaneously, Nick seized his as sistant by the arm, and in a low voice said : , ' Hush 1 Not a sound !' Then, still holding Chick tightly in his grasp, he pulled him into the I room, and closed the door behind them. ' Not a sound — v r 1 said. ' Follow me !'' They drew nearer to the body of the woman. The first glance had told them both that it was not Ethel Gray wholay there, colcl m deaih. The face was strange to each of them. Neither was conscious of having seen it before. Nick drew nearer to the body, and bent over it. It was that of a woman who was young. But it was hard to tell from the distorted features whether she was twenty years of age or ten years older. The fatal blue marks on her throat told how death had been induced, and the expression of supreme suffer ing which lingered yet upon her fea tures was sufficient evidence of the awful means used to tear her soul from its fleshy habitation. Her attire, while fashionably made, was not of the richest material, and putting these two facts together, Nick came to the conclusion that the dead woman had strained her in come in order to keep upon a stand ing to which she aspired and strug- glingly clung. Only a few pieces of jewellery appeared on her person, and they were modest and inex pensive. A momentary examination satisfied both men that she was quite dead. They were further convinced that but a short time had elapsed since the commission of the crime, for the body was yet warm. The room in which she was found was upon the second floor of the house, and the windows opened upon the yard at the side. The murderer could not have entered or left the room by the windows, without the aid of a ladder, or at least by leaping to the ground in going away. ' Either of these expedients must have left their traces behind,' was Nick's mental comment as he ex amined more attentively the body that lay stretched before him. Naturally a host of questions oc curred-' to him instantly, but he dis missed them all, until he could gather every fragment of evidence that the room afforded. He knew well that it would not do for him, posing as Nicholas Carter, mine owner, to be found in that room, without first having given the alarm. Such an event would betray his real character instantly, and now, more than ever, he wished to keep it a secret. to be continued. 