Steele's Creek Gold fields. DIGGERS DISAPPOINTED. A correspondent asserts : — Probably the nearest gold field to Melbourne is thsfe at Steele's Creek, a few miles from the Yarra Glen railway station : and. whikfc the nearest, it is probably, also the poorest. The field has been somewhat boomed during the past month or two, with the result that many scores of men have visited it only to be sorely disappointed, An article which recently appeared in a Mel bourne contemporary conveyed the im pression that the gold was plentiful there, that the sinking was easy, and that the 200 men on the field were making good wages — 15s or £1 a day being no unusual thing. As a matter of fact the reverse of all this is the ease. Gold is not plentiful there, the sinking is deep and heavy — ranging in the most likely spots from thirty-fire to fifty feet — and whilst some half-dozen claims may be yielding some weeks fifteen shillings pec man per day the bulk of the claims ace scarcely yielding " tucker." It is not, as has been elsewhere stated, a poor man's field. Such places as Ghost Gully, and Pinchgut Gully, where the sinking has been comparatively shallow — from 10ft en 20ft — are worked out, being fairly riddled with shafts and drives, and the only ground worth trying now is the flat, where not only is the sinking from 40ft to 50ft, but there is also a deal of water to contend with, and nien are about one- third of their time bailing out the soakage from the creek, below whose level they are. Furthermore, an additional expense must be incurred on account of the water. The constant bailing also necessi tates the close timbering of tha shaft in order to prevent its caving in, as the ground in the district is ex ceedingly treacherous when water ia brought in contact with it. A field whose the sinking is so deep, where large quan tities of water have to be fought against, where the shafts and drives must be carefully slabbed, can scarcely toe called a poor man's field. To the difficulties already mentioned musk be added that of foul air. The subter ranean air of toe district is very bad, and various devices, all incurring expense, are adopted to make the air in the claim life sustaining. A couple of men with LSI each might, if they were lucky, make decent wages on this field after a few weektf . work, but to go there with only L2 or L3 in the pocket means in moBt cases the loss of that sum, and a good deal ofhard work . for nothing. .A great deal was -recently sought to he made out of the fact that L80 worth of gold has been bought on the field ia one week. Qe forgot, however, to say that there were 200 men on the field, and the L80 worth of gold- only meant an average of 8s per man per week. Frotti what I mw of the place in a fort night I am inclined to think' that 8s per week per man to about the average, and it follows therefore 4knf mm mnaf maVinfiT Rlllfill 4.uau luaujr urau u&uov; w less thau 8s. It is really distressing to Bee toe numbers of men who are coming to theffield every day, not 5 per cent, of whom stay more than two -or torceweek - and fhcn leave much poiamr than when ; they arrived. : ifheBillto besubmittedtotoe Austra lian Parliaments ( Western Australia excepted) and that of Tasmania for tod purpose of providing mOans towards i$t| end—that end being the Iteration of tofl cotonies-to be tosned few day. 