Sunday -1tf*Mbon lihe Arohwfhop *>f -,l£b» now,fcoj^jpkdol Af Si- vJobn >b»-j at Henley Pack; Thebftrtpn. Tbo of ^aiviinrEod ^lrpn, !!!!^ ^^!1 '< ^ito1ifrpo9»nii fceiilwfli ^tdtoMiippii #» ,-•" «ni "■ 1- ii „e iC— -k.L.»i.4urj!nnlN^inii Theooafcof ,&Ke; atracjiure,ibplodmg _ir,iiirnUhing and ferioing.waa £199 7e.i0d.,and; fS-Me^brt -of . the lindj including interest and *" transfer,-totalled f205 12«.(so tbat the total; erpeuditurAwaa £404 Ifls. 10d. The ■ receipts, " including prooeede of sale tbe iad^VwhooV'':**?*'. £271 13s. 10d., Which left'a deficiency ■ of £183 8s. Before i .3 bn 'Sunday afternoon the members of the : r . Guild of ' Sc. John the Baptist Total Abati . nenoe Society marobed in propeision to the' \- etrains of the Guild Bandfrom tbe Queen of \- Angola' Ohuroh to the eohoolroom under the the leadership of "Father Healy. -In the: eohoolroom those on the platform included "the Arohbishop, Dean Kennedy, Arobpriest ' Kevin, Fathera Healy, Murphy, and O'Neill, and Moasra. O'Longhliii, M.P., and Honrigan, ...... M,P. There was a very large attendanoe, the room bBing uncomfortably full.' Dean Kennei*?, after oongratnlating the —jmoBt and. the people of Thebarton on the good work they had began that day, and ' referring to the great help rendered .to Father Bealy in the undertaking by Mr. Turner, aaid during the apoatolio ages and up to and in-; > eluding the fifteenth oentury Europe was Christian in ita lava and institutions, the: young were trained and eduoated by being c first taught the principles of religion, whioh became a part of their constitution, but in the 1 sixteenth century oame _ a rupture. The | Christian mould, in whioh Christians had ] been oast, was broken, and a Pagan mould j took its plaoe. That Pagan mould had not yet been broken. In this colony, if they allowed their ohildren to be brought up in the j Btateeohoole, these ohildren were cast, not in ! a Christian mould, but in a materialiatio j " mould. The prinoiples of the State schools ' . woreauoh as to make the Christian religion despised. The Catholics of Australasia would nerorallow their obildren to be educated in these schools, where it was almost a crime to mention the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. They had to educate not only the intellect but the will and the heart. The intellect was instruoted is some degree in the State schools, but what waa there to enable a obild in the State schools to oontrol his will or to form his heart? The intellect waa edu oated at the expense of the will and tbe heart, and they had an intellectually eduoated monster. Quoting from official courses the average daily attendance in the State schools of the colony during the year was 37,886, and these cost the State to instruot for the year a total of £132,440 8s. lid., made op thns:—Primary ednoation, £123,577; expended on buildings, £8,24018a. 6d.; and advanoed schools, £622 10s. 6d. This meant about £3 9a. 4Jd. for each child in daily attendanoe during the past year in South Australia. Those who had merely passed through the schools were given at 57,986, and eaoh of these cost to instruct £2 5s. 8d. The Catholics of the oolony were abont one seventh of tbe entire population, and one seventh of tbe amount quoted oame to £18,920 Is. 3d., which amount would almost olear off the Dioeesan debt in one year. If they got their proper share of the Government grant very few of their ohildren would go to the State sohools at all. In the Arohdiooese of Adelaide they had in the Catbolio -sohools 3,810 obildren, and in the Port; Augusta Diooese 1,038 during last year. This was roughly one-twelf th of the whole number of ohildren going to the State sohoolB, and ons-twslfth of the total expenditure on ednoa tion by tbe State amounted to £11,036 14a. 'What oould the oolony boast of af terspending so much money on a system of eduoation whioh was abhorred by Oatholios ? The only way to remedy the state of affairs was for every man and woman to see that their names were on the electoral roll of the oolony, and to do all .that they oonld to reborn those oandidates who were in favour of doiog justice to the | Oatholios. It was only where it had been impossible to build Catholio sohools that Catholic ohildren went to the State sohools. TbB Government were dotting down the salaries of Civil servants, whioh were too low already ; bnt why not do away with this terrible expense of £132,440 odd ? There was not muoh in the argument that other de nominations would want grants if the Catholics got one, for from appearanoes the Anglicans, for instanoe, were satisfied with tbe Sbate-Bohool system, and though rioher than the Oatholios were not \- making tbe same effort to bmld schools. All that had been advanoed against tbe Pagan sohools applied with equal foroe against the Government system of eduoation established in this province. The present system, at by < law established, had been in sxistenoe for several yean, and were the results at all com mensurate with the heavy outlay inourred in iti establishment and support? Most cer tainly not. It pleaaed no one except the secularists, orrather the class who denied the exietenoe of God and His divine revelations. Was the moral condition of the people im proved by it ? It was not long sinoe they read of a meeting having been held in tbe Town Hall, at whioh representative ministers of the various religious bodies in the oity took | part, for tbe purpose of induoicg onr legists- j tors toenaotmorestriugentlawsagainstcertaio : vies* whioh he would not mention. He oould 1 not think the Holy Ghost had muoh to do wi th the system or ita principal abettors. It would bave been better for the oolony were half the money whioh was and is being lavished in establishing and supporting this iniquitous -system of education expended in developing its materiel resooroes, and the other half banded over to those whose proper business it was to lookafter the eduoation of the people. Were this done we should not now have to ' witness the soenee of poverty and destitution, , . not to say vioe, whioh met us at ever? turn. !£;£'- He found in Prussia, where a system of eduoa tion similar to oars wea first enforced end 1 rigidly carried _ out. the secular -plan had been long ago abandoned. At first the stateemen who direoled this important Work believed that seonlar eduoation waa the r only plan by whioh they oonld overcome the ' difficulties caused by religions differences, and tbe publio sohoola were made pnrely undeno minational; ■ There for a time the teachers werechosen in equal proportions from the two religions—Catholio and Probes Protestant—and the aohools . were oalled "simultaneous." This, it waa hoped, would put a stop to jealopsiea. " It did so, in fact, but it was found when the teachers were prevented from giving religious instruction that a fatal indiffe renoe to all religion was the sonseqnenee. : Freethinkers would no doubt bail this result j as a sign of hopeful .progress, indicating the Advent of a sorb of religions unity by tbe GbveiKmeift3M»rt'fiji^ £he .Jmid:3pf- ^h*K®aaoifihn«.l:::I)fis^mwV3 ^euljr«EW'n«3epiw*blB«SeoU ptfprgetfulT ij iiN.i of God Mid the blaimi ofconaoianee. pbiil stetsofmindaoon mtmifaatedihKMby'the -j '*bwnoe «1 all res peob foranbhorlty,and,thaj wide »pr«&d; of .re»plpKonny theories and seoteb Soeietiea and ' ever growingacanaoloai.. immorality, As early , as lfi251the .'Minister Von AUensteih in thevGabmeb' rescript for that year, April 27, calling attention to this:, stafeoihthings, gave expr?ssionto his viewsinj favour of a returnto denomioationaleduoa-1 tion. "Experience ha* shown," he said,'; " that In theseoronlar. sohools the chief matter of education is not'sufficiently oarod for, and it lies in the nature of the case that it oannOt be. " Speaking at a later period he aaid, "The timewuieh has elapsed since 1848 appears to have wrought a general eon viption among all praotioal men that the denominational sohool is the only school that is' at . present possible in Germany." The Government in oonss qnenoe changed its system end established sohools where Catholics and Protestants might be taught nnder the diteobions of their respeobive pastors.' The' elementary schools in Prussia had been for nearly thirty jean purely denominational. If theaohool.wasfor Oatholica the teachers were Oatbolio and 'the books Gatholia. If the sohool were Protestant tbebooksand teachers were Proteatant. Sorely' it was no insnlt to onr legislators in South j Australia to ask them to follow the example of Germany in this. Time did not permitj him to plaoe before them the sad effeotsresult-j ing from secular ednoatioo, so-called, in France and Amerioe. Those who wished to learn I more about it were advised to. read a little work entitled " Publie Sohool Education," by the Rev. M. Miiller. In oonolusionhe oalledthe : attention of our legislators to the Epistle of St. Paul to the Romans, first chapter—"And as they liked not to have God in their know-: ledge God delivered them up to a reprobate sense, "&o.; The Abchbisho? heartily congratulated the OatholioB of Thebarton on the faot that a building was finished in which the eduoation of the little ones of the diatriot oould be attended to. Although the boilding was small it was neat. He quoted the words of a famous Cardinal—"If one generation pulled down the Oathelio sohools the next genera tion would pull down the Churches—in sup port of bis assertion that the eohool question was the question of questions for Gatholios all the world over. The Diocese was heavily in debt, as he had already told two Ohurohea that morning, and while that was so he wouldgivehia consent to the purchase of no land, of no building, and to the sirniDg of no oootraot forsuoh work, unless two-thirds of the aotual cost of the work was in hard cash in the handa of those who wished him to sanotion the work. Father Healy, however, had done splendidly in raising more than two-thirds of the nest of this building, and he hoped to see the £133 debt considerably reduced at the end of the meeting. Donations were then received on the plat form from the priesthood and people, and the splendid sum of £97 lis. 6d. was given to Father Healy and Mr. Luddy in hard oash within ten minutes, thus leaving a debt on j the sohool of only £35 odd. 