Little Catharine Chicken IN FIVE CHAPTERS. CHAPTER IV. When Moneieur Dutarque had slammed the churchyard gate behind him, Cathaiine, baffled by the futility of lier imploring cry, had dropped her chin upon her breaBt and sobbed. Then she had struggled fiercely to be free, until she felt quite faint and weak. Then she had sobbed again in all a child's impotent fury of grief. But after all, she was ' outdoors.' To tho country-bred child this was a great deal, Sho was noon was very sweet. The faint fragrance in the air, the buzzing of the bees, the shrill ' tweet tweet,' of a bird near at hand, the distant, mellow, monotonous chant of the men on the ferry-boat — all conspired to soothe the pain at her heart. Nature, that great nursing mother, took Cath arine up, as she takes us all when human sympathy fails us, and hushed her on her breast. Then, too, there woke within her a healthy instinct of anxiety as to the fate of Flying Childers. By dint of been watching, she saw at last a little black moving object not far away. An hour or more went by in eager watching of the efforts of Flying Childers to j;et over a mound, and in palpitating anxiety lest he might net come her way. ' But Blowly, wanderingly, furtively, with many wayside halts and many aimless excursions in other directions, finally the tiny creature crept up bo near mat uatnarine couia toucn mm witn one buckled shoe- tip. And then she used that shoe-tip co&xiiigly;, and felt almost as though she were no longer alone. ' O Flyin',' she Baid, plaintively, every time he wandered an inch away, 'don't leave your poor little mistress — don't — Flyin'!' and it almost seemed as though 'Flyin'' might have under stood, for he kept alwayB within her 'sight, and often within her reach, as long as she could see him. AU this while she had strained against her bonds, leaning forward to talk to Flying Childers, so that when she raised herself up at last from tbe slight latitude the rope had allowed her, the sodden twi light of the south had fallen over the land, and already it was night in leafy corners under the locust trees. Then the pathos which lurks in the lowland landscapes of Carolina, even in the sunshine, and which reigns supreme about the evening hour in spring, pierced poignant to the core of that sore little heart. Catharine lifted up her voice and wept, though there was none to bear. All the tales told by the negroes of the ghosts and apparitions, all' the pic tures that survived on her sensitive brain from the stories her father had told her about the Indians, were all developed now in the darkness of her agony into a panorama of pain. Worse still, she could hear the distant bark of the fox, the baying of the wolf, the snarl . of the wild cat, the weird call of the owl, followed by tbe 'Ha-ha-bal' that Bounds so utterly unbirdlike. Even to the experienced woodsman, iu those days, these -night sounds were unwelcome. To tbe ignorant, tiurid, petted child they must have been fraught with unspeakable horror. She strained her eyeB against tbe wall of tbe foreBt that rose on her right, opposite the church. She could see only the vague, uncountable columns of lofty pines, under the branches of which in the blackneBB of darkness that lurked there might bo grim beasts of prey, or the stealthy forms of thiev ing Choctaws. Every day the heads of wild cats, of bears and wolves and tigers were brought in by the Indians and the poor white traders for the bounty offered for their destruction ; and Catharine knew well the look of each terrible beast, fierce even in death. They seemed all about her now, they, and all apparitions of dread with . which superstition then peopled the churchyard. And Bhe — she w&nted; her own little bed ; she wanted her mauma, who had been wont to ait by her bedside at night, and tell her stories about 'B'er Rabbit and the Tar Baby.' Above all, she wanted her mother, and with the thought she broke 1 into Buch a passion of weeping that even Flying Childers scudded away, and pitying echoes woke and whispered all about the empty church. ? So, tied erect to the tombstone, writhing against it in her weariness and fright, with head as hot as fire, and hands and feet like ice, despite the warm spring night, she cried herself to sleep, and hung, a dead-weight, there againBt the rope. Not long might one sleep in such a poBture, and at about midnight poor little Catharine Chicken woke with terrible pains in limb and joint.- She looked first up to tbe sky, where one cloud had blotted out the Milky Way and all the stars were grosving faint. Sh-- tried to move her hands, but they were like the hands of the dead. Even her feet refused to obey her. Her tongue clove to the roof of her mouth as she recognized her where abouts. A muffled cry of fear had awakened her. Ir, was repeated now, closer at hand. ' O Mas' Jesua ! Lord, hab inuBsy 1' It was like the slave Mocey's voice, but the tone was one of indescribable fear. She would have called to him for help, but the next moment a huge, shining head appeared but two feet from the ground, and came slowly toward her. Her brain reeled. MonBieur Dutarque must surely have summoned this dreadful dwarf to torture her 1 ' M'sieu' Dutarque,' Bhe cried, faintly, with a supreme effort — ' Dear M'eieu' Dutarque !' The great head wavered, and then came on faster. A thought of the kind usher came to her— a wild idea that be might intercede. for her. 'Mr. Mack— Mr. Mack,' she cried, with fast failing strength, ' tell him I will be good !' But when all wob of no avail, and the head con tinued to approach, there leaped from her that piteons poignant cry, and then she fell silent, blind to every sight and deaf to every Bonnd of earth. The slave Money, stealing stealthily home to Coming T, without a passport, carried with him a monstrous gourd, with holes cut in it representing eyes and mouth. Within was a bit of a candle. Upon this device, and upon the atmosphere of dread that hung about the Robintation Tree, he relied to elude the vigilance of the plantation patrol, and to reaoh in safety, as he had often done before, the '(Quarters on tne cop 01 iub uui, ucjuuu me sycamores. But while planning to frighten others, he had never counted on a scare for himself. His teeth had chatted, and he had cried out at sight of that little white child-ghost close by a recently made grave. Then he had quickly gained his self-possession, and lighted his gourd-face, for he was a slave of more than ordinary courage and intelligence. When his act elicited that piercing scream, in the well-known voice of little Mistress Chicken, he had hurried to her aid, all wondering, and unthink ing that he, hiniBelf, might fright her more with his lantern near tlie ground. He found her hard tied, and cold and senseless. He thought her dead. 1 Suppose he shonld untie her ? What then ? Would he escape tho whipping he deserved for leaving Coming T without a ticket of leave ? N»y, would they not rather suspect him of some foul play in tho niatter ? Alas ! a , slave's word had little weight in the Province, nor in such a' matter as this would he be allowed time for many words. Could little mistress have been 'voodooed?' But Money put that aside grimly. Nay, it was the schoolmaster who had done this evil thing. Money knew Monsieur Dntarque's record better than any other in St. John's could know it, and he bore him a heavy grudge which dated since long before the day on which Money had stood on tho Vendue Table in Chnrles Town, and had become the property of his present kindly old master. The slave could not tell what to do. He wanted the schoolmaster's wickedness brought to light, yet hia heart smote him when he tried to go on and leave that piteons little white body exposed to the weafjher and the wild beasts. He had only to go by, and Bay nothing, and then they must suspect the schoolmaster. But if he snouia report tue matter, would not that plausible Monsieur Dutarque manage somehow to shift the blame from his own to the Blave's broad shoulders ? In that case, certain death would be hiB portion. For what was a slave's life to that of Bweet little Mistress Chicken ? So poor Money, dubious and uncertain, with that fear of the dead which belongs not only to tho ignorant, and which, oven in his grief for her, held him aloof from the bound body of the child, waited, with the tireless patience of the negro, to see what might befall. Grimly ho noted the approach of the schoolmaster and his wife, and then, with a grin, almost as malicious as the master's own, he hung the gourd on the end of the fishing pole he carried, lighted anew the candle, and raised it aloft behind the child. The effect was all that lie hoped. Bnt Money himself wa3 impelled to take to his heels at sound of the buying of dogs, and the blow ing of horns, and tho cries of the searchers, which all at once became audible above the murmuring voices of the night. Under cover of this tumult he ] could essily steal unnoticed into Coming T. In this uncertainty somrfthing fine within the j slave's heart asserted itself above the fear of punish ment, and when Mr. Harleston rode into the town — with a band of his friends, and a vast crowd of excited runners with lightwood torches before and behind, some holding in leash tho eager blood hounds, some truaty slaves carrying eutlasaes and guuD — auwuuuiug uum tmu iruuMi; uiuu^ auuuu stirrup with a cry that filled all hearts with horror. ' Gie me do cowskin, Mas' John ! Gie me de cow skin ! But Mis' Lyddy leetle Cat'rin' dey — dey een de grabeya'd dead an' cole !' (To be continued.) 