A PLEA 3?Oa SOL2DA1OTY. ? «p ? A new-old reason for the closing up of the National ranks on the Irish Home Eule question has been furnished by America. A couple of weeks since the cable announced a revival of the ' physical force' element in the Irish politics of that country. The cable ia not always reliable on Irish matters, and none the more go when manipulated afc the American end. But in this case out1 Irioh Ameriean files indicate the existence oi; a little fire as some explanation of the smoke. The Ibish Republic, the organ of physical force, has of late been engaged in the delectable occupation of inaugurating what ifc calls ' the new movement,' as an out come of which a convention was to be opened at Philadelphia to deal with ths Irish Ques tion in a spirit of hostility to the methods of either M'Oarthyites or Eedmondites. Ee ferring to this new movement the Irish Eepublic of July 14 — as may be gathered from a perusal of our American columns — does not mince matters. Amongst other things it saysi — ''We do not condemn moral force, but without physical force behind it, it is but a disembodied spirit, a kind of accusing ghost that may haunt the tyrant's dreams* but have1 hd tangible effect upon his conscience. Physical force is the body, the material which united with the soul forms the man. Both are necessary to each other in all natural actions. We must put Irishmen the world over in such a condition that they may not only avail them selves of the opportunity, but make the opportunity that will place them on greater terms of equality in strength with England. England has not a friend in the world, and are W6) after generations of heroic resistance, now at the end of seven centuries of con flict, to abjure our national rights, and take our place as British provincialists, voluntary inheritors of her curses and her coming doom ? The parlia mentarians say 'yes.' The men of the New Movement say ' No ! ' And every Irishman in America true to the principles of Irish liberty will re- echo that ' No ! ' until it will resound through every hillside and valley in Ireland, and kill for ever the spirit of West Britons.' This kind of talk is, of course, not new to Irishmen, and is not likely to lead to any vej%y serious breach of the peace. But does it not convey a lesson to those who muBt be held responsible for the continued integrity of that moral force movement which has of late years effected bo much in Ireland's behalf ? We have eurely left behind ue the time when such violent coun sels, with their crop o£ informers and 'outrage'-manufacturers, could be seriously entertained in view of the surpass ing achievements of steady, well -organized constitutional agitation. The pity of it is, however, that there are always to be found amongst Irishmen, especially Irishmen in the free Western Republic, impatient spirits who, watching the peaceful battle from afar, chafe under delays which do not fit in with their notion of ihe eternal jus tice of Ireland's eause ; and when to that impatience io added disguet at what they conceive to he hopeless division m the party at home, it is not unnatural to exr peet a proposed resort to tbe policy of de* spoir. To such, spirits, until we can get the moral force representatives to ri£f& together as before 1890, it ia use less tor poinifc out the obsoleteness of the sw0?$ sa &n; adjuster of Ireland's rights and an stfmgQT of her wronga. Ae- useless too, perhaps, to poiafc the moral' o£ Michael Davitt's career bo that effects Davitt gave up come of the beat yeajo o£ his life in testimony eo hio early belio5 in violent methods. He emerged from pnoon a ao less sincere sad ardent patriot than before, bufc with an r/oidiog conviction that Ireland'© problem was to ba solved bj winning over tc her aide the democratic sense of justice whieh is to be found in England as else where. And 'chough fchafc cense of justice has not yet quite triumphed over the insular pride and prejudice of z conquering race, ifc has ei ado itseif felt 222 Ireland' a favour, ancH will prevail as certainly aa day follow© night. The vact change wl«2cfi haa oefc in since Ireland'a affaire were cuppoaad to be best discuooed on the ' hillsidec' cahoot be more aptly illustrated than Dj the proposal from Irishmen. liero that; one of Davitt'o Parliamentary Beats in Ireland chould be filled by John Morley. Such a propoD&l; is no Iqgcj a recognition of the trend of Britioh demucFa'cic opinion as to Irsland'a claims than a juotification o£ the policy afc Westminster o£ the Irish party under Justin McCarthy's leadership. It may or may not, in ihe wisdom of thafc party, be acted upon, but ifc gives evidence of a cpirit of confidence here whish, spreading, may yet lead to such a closing oi' the ranks sb will dispose oi ' new movemonte' with° out, and 'eaves' within, a single solid phalanx, inarching — coDfidenfc in itself, ^B leaders, aDd its cause — to victory. 