SOLVEI BY TIME. i.. A +sTOY OF TILH EUREKA STOCKADE. S -Y JAS: C1OZIER;, B.AL :: (All Rights Res?rd.] "Well, you see, Mr. Willoughby, it stands this way. You young gentleman a'eioiertainly good cidtomers, but some times you have confoundedly short mem mories of nobblcrs. Your chum, Mr Ormsaby, owes us £50, and we never ex pect to get a penny of it." " Ornsby will pay up all square. I heard you had stoppe?ld .supplies, and de termined to try you. Hlowever, all's well that ends well, andl you will have your bill paid in the current coin of the reiilm in less than twenty-four loers. And now, gentlemen. I should like to have some particulars of this particularly promising spec. of yours." But recontres and introductions were the order of the day. While Tom and James were explaining their intentions to their new chums, Pirie noticed a man who entered the bar and leant dejectedly over the lower end of the counter. Some thing familiar in the figure struck him. and he waited ,patiently until the man turned his face towards~ him. He went down the room and put his hand on the man's shoulder. He turned qui.kly and revealed the expected features. "Campbell," said Pirie, "my dear fel low, how are you ?" " You, Piric 1 You here 1" Atid the two men grasped each other's hands. " What have you been doing, George, all these yeair?: :I doubi the world has not been using you too well." Using me well, man I Why, since I came to this country I have not once or twice but a dozen times been on the verge pfstarvation. Who would have thought in the old Glasgow days, when we all en joyed life so thproughlly 1--but this is not the pIlace to talklof theas things."i . "Nor the company, by Jove." Pirie ans weredl. "That is Tom Malcolm over there, anl poor Pat's cousin, James Murdoch. It is no use bringing upold memories, to I won't introduce you now. Still, I must go with you and hlve a nchat."?' "You are right, Jim. You had better go and make some excuse to them." : P'irie went back to his friends and told them he would see them again in a couplo of hours. Mlen, as a general rule, are not blessed or cursed with much of that nasty commodity called curiosity; that is, in the earlier periods of life. After the grand climacteric is passed they begin to indulge in prying and poking their noses into other people's business atud get snub. bed for their pains; but whilst a man is in the thirties he lets other folk have a little say in their own concerns. Malcolm only said to Pirie when he told that he had to leave him for a time : "All right, old ni man We have plenty to discuss with Mr. Willoughby here, and the whisky, as the pater says, is no that bad.'" CHAPTER XVIII ; ' Pirie went out with Campbell and walked down the unformed street until they came to a small weatherboard cottage of two rooms. "I hang out here," said Campbell. "They:charge me a pound a week for the accomnmodation, and it's poor enough. Another fellow and I have taken it be: between us." They entered Campiell's little room, and Pirie was accommodated with the only chair it boasted, and the seat had evidently seen better times, one leg being conspiceu. ous by its ahsence, and its place supplied by a fortuitous stave of a barrel. Camp b~l tljie'w himself on a truekledo.b w),hieh occipledone side of the roomny . y "Now,"' said Pine, " you mustlet` ?me have the story of what you have been alout You need not make it too long, but tell me enough to let us see how the land lies, and guess what is best to be done.". "Well, I have met you in the nick of time, for I am sure I can reckon on our old friendship, and you have no idea how much I need a helping hand. I have just been trying how much and how far a man can endure without giving in and making a holoejnthe Y'arra. I have been on the point of doing it half a dozen times, but nave not done it yet, as you can see.". "I am entirely of IHorace's opinion that the satisfied guest has a right to leave the table. But hope is always at the bottom of the box, somehow or othe., and many of us live on it." "1 don't know that the story will in torest you anything like so much as the experience might le64ldi to expect;.: WYe are woefully selfish in the?i things, and second-hand experience is not often ap preciated at its highest value. At any rate, after that horrid affair in Glasgow you never doubted my inrocence, anti you cannot understand how precious your confidence was to me-I had not the ghost of a show of doing anything in Scot landt. I went south to Yorkshire, and by a bit of good luck found a billet as a chem ist in a village between Dewabury and Huddersfield. The Yorkshlireman are the very best men I have met in my rambles through the world. There is a sturdy manliness about them that remindls one of my own country folk, hut there is hardly a grain of that scntimental hypocrisy which makes a Sandy nauseating. I lred iun Yorkshire for about a year, and would have Ieen there yet but for a bit of most I villainous bad luck. One day I was tak ing a holiday for a fortnight-I meta man i I knew on the railway station, and by an unlucky coincidence he was also taking a holiday. I wanted him to come with me to Cumberland, and he tried to persuade to go to Ireland. You remember how we used to decide these matters in the old lays with the tossing of a penny. Well, we tossed up, andti that inlhrual p,:nny has been cursed a million times since. The luck was against me, andl we went to Iro. land. I need not go into all the particu lars. I met a girl there, and ultimately I was married to hier. She was not half lad herself. Of course she was pretty, but there everything endted. She was badly educated, knew absolutely nothing, and had not the ability to recognise her own defects and remedy them." '" Well, we were married, and I brought mny wife back amongst my Yorkshire frilends. The boss of the shop had entire confidence in me, and 1 was preparing to csettle down into the humdrunm of married lifo, when Fanny's father died. There were only two daughlters, my wife, and an older sister, Bridget; and when the fatier died, of course Bridget had to come and reside with us. I give you my word- of honor, Pirie, that I intended always and ever to treat that woman as a sister, but she was a crabbed, sour old maid, and oeverything I did was misconstrued with infernal malignity until my life was made an actual burden to me. I went to whisky for consolation, and with the same result as whisky will always have." 2 '2D 88 ·Yu maiy ask me whyl did not turn the unan out of the house as soon as I saw Smits hief t rewhiiii: -Ifl'hifto~dto oer? , w ole thing again, this ig perlainly it I should ddI, ut naturally I im an Iy-going follow-with the characteristic ft-ha lnen rasrotls~oi Whorld,'tlieioliai cn alwiays left out- and I was always a :whilg to myself the doctrines that Sdicienut. t the day is the evil thereof.' t any rate, ithings quickly came to a cli ,aIr. T'he iosa gave my me walking ticket. I don't know how it was her sister had had gained such ascendancy over my wife's mind. Certainly the younger sister was very mu!ch of a fool, but there was as much venom in the older as wdtild have comfortably dlone duty for hialf-a.dozen ihe cats, anid I had ;itd idid6iollbth:lfirst andl second hlnd. But there was nithing to be done bilt to leave as I had already left Scotland-and where to aim for was the question. I had only a few pounds which I had saved up, but, as luck would have it, just at this time, an iunt of nMino died, and as she died intestate, the small estate had to be divided amongst the neit of kin, though the old lady woutl have, a week before, bought me with every antia factioni a ahillinha ivorth' of ropi to ithang myself. At tihe same time I received a letter from Warburton-you emi':mber him at St. Mungo's- askingame if I should :like tbolavo a run out to Australia in the capacity of surgeon's mate in a largo vyes sel that his father's firm was fitting out. This was the chance I wanted, but when I hinted the thing at home you would hate tlhouglit' liwas another Biluheard, aiminlog at the life of an estimable spouse. liritdget had some money of her own, and when I anudtoucel' :my determination finally that go I would, she capped the announcement that she also would make Australia her future home, and come° out by the samevessel. pas bound to the :wheel, and had to submit" s'"To make" long stboiy short, we all came out here, and, if anything, matters became worse. You will find-still 'ou may not, as I haRo heard you have plemty of the needful-at any rate, men w\ithout money will find that in the :olboiies they must turn their hands to thie first thing that offers itself. It is altogether a hap hazard, unsatisfactory kind of busiiesi. You am sure of nothing; andlas most of your neighbors are in the same liredica mont, there is no stability. MIoney today, and an empty purse to-moriow. There were few things I did not try, from school mastering to boot-blacking. No one should try ia colony until he his enoigh money to keep him during his probation lie may use it or abuse it, certainly; but in any case, it is the only chance given School-.mnasteriog is not a paying game hbecaeid e ery Tom,' Dick, and Hat ry has ' shly at it, and you are npver sure of your friends. I could itell you'a fnici tale of how completely taken in I was up the Scountry, but it was only an episode, and has little to do with my tale. " At last I got a hundred poults or1 so together, made up 'of'the remai:ns from my aunt's windfall and hard-earitldiioi*, ney, and had a good opening in leasing a small newspaper in a first.clans.agricul tural district. As I told you Ibeforo, I am an easy going fellow naturally, and thought to have everything square be hind me. Blut itgotintothe wise noddles of my two household lairies that my wife had reason to be jealous of me. Now, I give you my honor, Perrie that Joseph .was not'more innocent in this dlirection than I was.. But innocence has nothing tobdo witf this. It is all past aud gonei now, and I am still wondering on what basis theltwo women could have built up such a charge. I certainly noeve gwve the smallest excuse. As I told yon, I did iri dulge too much in grog, but that was the sum total of my sins. At any rate, to quiet matters I made a big mistake., When I was leaving for °Wiwyana IP tried my level beat to bring lity wife to some sort of common sense, and I thought I had succeeded. I had a long cii:versa tion with her, and told her that there' might be a chance of a hbetter future m an other sphere. She had not mu.'lh lnmind of her own, and always chimed in wtith.the last persoq that spoke to her. I think it was to show my confidence in herc that I left her a blank cheque, signed, so, that she could draw whatever money she miight ro.e quire until she heard from me, aund I ient off in better spirits than I had beenu for many a day. " The little journal I was loesing was a. really promising concern, anid has smiric-' turned out a capital property, with a good jobbing business attachel. It was a risk for me to take it with the n!mall capi.. tal I had at disposal, but I holeild with' economy to keep the pot Ihilitg until some returns came in. TIThe journey to Winyana took a week, and after 1 reached the place I was buisily engaged for 'tlireW' or four days in going over the business with the prolrietor. I knew something of the work, and felt that I was in for a 'good thing.? " When I reached W inyana I had idrawn a cheque on the Melbourne bank, so as to have cash at hand, so when all was settled between WiUlliams-tlhat was the proprlietor's name-and myself I gave him a cheque for the fitst quarter's rent on the local bank, telling him that my money was on the way fronm Mh.lourne. The next few days were full of worry, be. cause I could do nothing until the cash had reached Winyana. I was ro:ularly besieging the bank, but could heir no thing. At last one day a letter canme from the Melbournle branch, inforuinug me that all the money had been withdrawnu from the bank the very day before the manager had received my letter. "I was in a fix, with a vengeance. I had not money even for my hotel bill. I hadl taken a nice little house, and paid a month's rent in advance, and the extras here and Ithero had taken all the money out of my pocket. I was literally without a shilling at the moment I received the letter'and did not know where to got one. "Curse it," continued Campbell, rising up and clenching his fists. "Cursa it. The man that trusts aught to a woman deserves all I hadl to go through. They are a curse, and nothing elsu but a curse to the world. If I had my lifo to go through again I Well, it is nio use crying over spilled milk. How I got back to Melbourne I can hardly tell. I got a so vereign from the hotel-keeper, who was rather a decent fellow, and that kept me for a while in tucker and beer. Ughl I that awful tramp." "Well," continued George, "I reached Melbourne at last, weary and sick. I found my wife and her darling sister en joying life to the very height of their bent, It was pleasant; and yet 1 said nothing, 2D34 