' llATS! THE CABINET AFFECTEP. WILD EXCITEMENT, Sir Hobort Duff Scoots. THE GOVERNMENT GOES UNDER THE TABLE. Probnblo Resignation of the Held Ministry. Something, is going to happen in this country. Tho pious pooplo havobeon ex pecting that indefinito " something " for a long time past ; now thoy feel pretty well shr'o that' it iB going to come off. It may be an enrthqnnko or a dissolution of ' 'Parliament, or auolher'political party, or a . ' .stoppage o tho Post-office clock. Perhaps, it will bo another son and heir to old Parkos. Anyhow, it's coming. Last week tho inhabitants of this enlightened ex- convict colony, whero tho blood-red bannor of brotherhood waves o or tho froo and in dependent voters with an 18-carat wave, woro startled by tho account of a black rat which had appeared at a Cabinet mooting. Now, it is a well-known fact that certain members of the reigning dynasty havo " got rat3," but it was no ordinary rat that appoarod on tho carpot beforo our most illustrious Cabinot. Wlion, aftor a wild and oxciting chase, the uncanny animal was run to uartli ' 'chad, it was found that he was >. <>t a rare and aristocratic family — so much so that his body was promptly sont along to tho Museum for preservation. George Reid has accepted tho incident as an omen of approaching disastor, and is now proceed ing- to rnako his political will. Other mem bers of tho Cabinot aro still Buffering from the shock. Sir Robert Duff, who wa3 to . have presided at tho mooting, i3 in bed with a parritch poiiltieo to lifs foot, and a basin -r, bricks beforo him. The smell of Scotch and warm water is said to por- , vnde the wholo atmosphere of Government Hou3o. Some slight details of tho start ling occurronco which led to tho physical, and perhaps tho political, upset of the Government liavo already appeared in print. Thoy have, howover, been meagre and incomplete, owing to tho fact that tho corrupted metropolitan Press, including tho Daily Ghost, was squared by Minis terial beers, and did not therefore put the gauio away. The Bibd o" Freedom re fuses to bo bought, oxcopt at ordinary advertising prices, and herewith comes forward with a full, true; and particular exposure, entitled " The Rat in the Cabinet," or " How they Ran." We have the whole affair at first hand from the.Hon Editor, who was present in his official and general capacity, to lay before the Cabinot a snliomo for incubating hard-boiled oggs, and so producing a superior brand of Cochin Cltiua chicken. Tho Hon E liter thought that as the present Governmont wore giving support to all sorts of roforms and radical move ments, including Socialistic sclinappor- ent'ehing communities and village sottlo- ments, ho might as woll como along and ask for a subsidy for his hard-boiled oggs. Ho was loaded down with, manuscript whereon his schemo had been set down in plain figHros, and laid out as noatlv and artistically as a dead undertaker. Tho manuscript showed very cloarly that with a little Govorninent support the hatching of hard-boiled oggs would find profitable employment for a largo section of tho community, and help to relievo the prevailing distress. The Hon Editor toilod up tho stairs of the Colonial Secretary's offico with his scheme in his pockot. It was a heavy acliomo for any ono man to carry, and our worthy representative was porapiring audibly when ho rcachod the ' door of the room in which the Cabinot meeting was boing held. Having wiped li'is brow with a pioco of blanket which lie. happened to havo nbout him, tho Hen Editor knocked boldly at tho door. " Como in, mon, come iu," said tho broad Scotch voice of Bob Duff, behind tho door. The Editor ontorod, and found tho Cabi not discussing tho destinies of the nation ovor whisky and cigars. Ho cast a furtive glanco at tho whisky hottlor and saw that tho label boro a painted Heplander. in costume. Ho had had ' just sufficient timo to do this wlion Sir George R9id, who is always ostentatiously polite to the. Press, iu'accordaucu with the i Government policy, advanced, and cordially throw himself upon : tho Hon Editor's bosom. Georgo is anything but a slender "rped," and our young friend fell violently backward against the wall. . Sir JoRepli Cook, perceiving that the. Hen Editor's life was in imminent daugor, dashed to the front and extricated him. .Tho H.E, brenthod a fow forvid cursos into tho religious. ear of the F.M.G., and thon ho'grabbod for tho whisky bottle. 'J It's braw, fine whusky, raon," remarked Sir Duff, as tho liquor went'gurgling down tho 1 Hen Editor's throat; "but yo unuunn too mucho't at n timo." Some ono forcibly dstacliod tho Hen Editor from tho bottle, and tho Ministerial seance proceeded. "Gentlemon," began tho Hen Editor, wiping his mouth witl) tho section of blanket beforo mentioned, "I am deeply grateful for your kind and timely nRsis- j tance. Tho warmth of my friend George's ! greoting well-nigh did for me. It is lucky that yo hod sorao stimulant handy, lucky that this is a strong and stablo Govern ment (hoar, hear), and bikes its liquor out of n bottle with a Ileelan label. (Applauso and dissent from Sir Joe Cook). " Captain Joseph Cook," continued tho Hen Editor, " you do not appear to agroo. with those sentiments. I would n'dviso you, thoreforo, to take yours out of a black bottle, with an angel on tho label instead of a Heelanmon. (Laugh tor and applauso). But. gontlomen, I will como directly to the mattor in liana : — " I appear in your inidBt to-day with a scliomo in my pookot" which, if adopted, will, I feel certain, ensure this Government another three years in offico whon its timo is up. " This schemo, gentlomon, unliko some which have found a ready acceptance at - Ministerial hands, is no hare-brained iden. It has been carofnlly thought out by mo iu tho dog watches on my own estate. "AND THE II AT B03SED THE SITUATION." " It first occurred to me on one luetnorablo occasion when I was engaged in trans planting a row of early cabbage, and I followed it up — (hear, hear, and the noise of a cork being extracted from a bottle.) " I was convinced that in my idea lay the salvation of my bleeding country. If I could but bleed my bleeding country to got it put into working order I should die con tent. (Hear, hoar.) " Gentlemen of Hor . Most Gracious Majesty's loyal and honored Cabinet, in cluding Sir Joseph Cook and tho Demo cratic wing, I will now procoed to explain my A1 all-wool and a yard wide idea for making overy man, woman, and child in tho community a millionaire. (Hoar, hear.) "Like all groat schcmps, mino is a simple ono. All that is required is for tho Government to advanco me sufficient monoy to purchnso- eighty incubators and. forty thousand hard boiled oggs ! ! ! !" Tho rest of tho Hon Editor's oration was lost to posterity, for at-the very luomeut that ho came to eggs, a GIGANTIC BLACK BAT, which Nixey Brunker, in a subsequent interview, declared to be as largo as a rock-wallaby, jumped upon the table from Heaven Knows whore. If the dovil himself had suddonly como up through tho floor the Cabinet could not have displayed a more fervent and patriotic desire to get out of tho way. The historic rat scene will long bo remembered by those who participated therein. Our artist has endeavored to give it lip. His Bketch is intended to show the political attitude of the Reid Govornuiont 25 seconds ' aftor tho appearance of its uninvitod visitor. By that timo tho Hen Editor bad slid down the elevator ropo, under tho impres sion that tho holiday had brought his old complaint ou again, nnd was skimping up tho street towards tho Recoiving Houso with a view to giving himself in charge beforo ho did any damage — tho schemo for hatching Coohin China chickens out of hard-boiled eggs was shelved for tho present. . Sir Joseph Cook, who, like all P.M.G's., is religiously inclined, devoted himself to humiliation and prayer. ! ' TlieQaeen'sreprcsontative,aftermaking some goneral observations about " Auld Horoio," excitedly suggested an immediate adjournment to the nearest church. Little .Tony C-irrutbors, tho Australian poets' friend, headed the retreat of the Cabinet itndor tho office tablo. In the incitement Sir George Reid had i . . his stomach squeezed to sncli ail extent that ho lias had littlH or no relish for his food since. Unless his condition improves ho will I probably rosign office and go in for the water euro. Nixey Brunker fell to lamenting that ho had no timo to telegraph tho sudden change in tho policy of the Government to Mrs. B. and the' family nt Maitland. The faco of tho Ministor for Injustice was an awful sight to see. Anyono looking upon it would imagine that tho owner thought all tho sins of tho legal looters of the community were going to bo visited on his bond. Jacob Garrard and Jack Want being away, tho picture was in a measure incom plete, but Sid Smith's lugubrious howls helped to keop it up to tho proper levol nnd give it tone. Tho Government was thrown clean upon its beam-ends, and for fully twenty minutes tho rat hold possession of the Houso. At the end of that timo "assistance arrived in the shape of a small army of Government officials, armed with mops, brooms, canos, cratches, and other weapons. Then onsuod an exciting chase, in which tho squeah of tho Government were \- mingled with the hoarse cries of half tho Civil Service in pursuit. 'Finally tho dis turbing visitor was despatched, and the Cubinot recovering from its scare, started to swagger around as if it had committed justifiable homicide and boon commended by the jury. The rat which caused all the fright and commotion is now on view at the Museum. Sir Joseph Cook has expressed it as his firm belief that tho animal will vanish one of these evenings and leave nothing but a smell of sulphur behind. Tho Hen Editor, minus his hard-boiled egg scheme, returned to work yesterday, lie declines to state where he has been. 