ALL HALLOWS CONVENT. SISTERS OF MERCY CEREMONY OF PROFESSION Five young ladies who were received two years ago into the Order of the Sisters of Mercy in this city, and have recently completed their term of novi- tiate, made their profession and took the black veil yesterday. The cele- bration took place in the chapel of All Hallows Convent at a quarter-past 7. The ladies referred to are - Sister Mary Peter (Miss Mary Woods, daughter of Mr. F. Woods, C.P.S., Warwick), Sister Mary Anselm (Miss Mary Ann Murphy, daughter of Mr. Murphy, Swan Creek, Warwick), Sister Mary Brendan (Miss Mary Ann Hayes, daughter of Mr. Hayes, J.P., Laidley), Sister Mary Clo- thilde (Miss Quinlan, daughter of the late Mr. Quinlan and Mrs. Quinlan, Gym- pie), and Sister Mary Paul (Miss Annie McNeely, daughter of Dr. McNeely, Bowen- terrace, this city.) His Grace the Archbishop officiated, assisted by the Rev. Father James Horan, of Warwick. The Bishop of Maitland (the Right Rev. Dr. Murray) occupied a prie dieu near the altar. About eighty of the Sisters of Mercy were present, among them several repre- sentatives from other convents. The interne pupils of All Hallows Convent School occupied a portin of the choir gallery above the chapel, and all the available seats beneath were likewise filled with worshippers. At the appointed time the Sisters of Mercy, habited in their white church cloaks and bearing lighted tapers, en- tered in the order, together with the novices and postulants, preceded by the cross-bearer and followed by the Mother Superior and Mother Assistant. The black veil and ring provided for each novice, together her Act of Pro- fession (inscribed in parchment and signed but awaiting her final ratifica- tion) were placed in readiness near the altar. During the procession the hymn "Veni Creator" was sung, after which the novices remained kneeling before the altar, whilst the professed nuns and the postulants took up their station in front of their stalls, where they knelt during the prayers which followed and the blessing of the ring and veil. The Gospel (St. Matthew xvi., 24-28) was read, and the Archbishop, without delivering any ser- mon, proceeded to put the prescribed interrogations to the novies, who were conducted by the Mother Assistant and Mother Superior to the altar, where his Grace received them seated and wearing his mitre. The Mass of the Holy Ghost was then celebrated, and prayers offered for the novices to be admitted to profession. After an adjuration by the Mother Superior and the nuns the Mother Assistant took the candle from each novice in turn and gave her the Act of Profession, the no- vices repeating together the antiphon "Vota Mea Domine," and then kneeling again. Whilst the senior was conduct- ed by the Mother Assistant and Mother Superior to the altar the "Confiteor" was said, and after the "Ecce Agnus Dei" the Archbishop approached the no- vice, and, with the devotional observan- ces proper to the occasion, received her vows, which were pronounced in every case with an audible voice, and with the utmost firmness and distinctness. The Act of Profession thus read, the novice inscribed the sign of the cross after her signature, handed the document to the Mother Assistant, and after receiving the Holy Communion was conducted by the Mother Assistant to the Mother Superior, and, kneeling, presented to her the Act of Profession, then returned to her former place before the altar, knelt, and received the candle again. On the conclusion of the Mass the Archbishop took off the chasuble, and, putting on the cope and mite, commenced the anti- phon, "Veni Sancte Spiritus," after it had been said, taking off the mitre again and saying the prayers for the newly professed nuns. Then resuming the mitre the Archbishop led in the ascrip- tions "Tenuisti Manum" and others, the nuns uttering the responses stand- ing, the "Veni Sponsa Christi" was sung, and after other devotions each newly professed nun in turn gave her candle to the Mother Assistant, and was conducted by her and the Mother Su- perior to the altar, where the Arch- bishop gave her the black veil, which was fastened by the Mother Superior, and afterwards the ring. When all had received the veil and ring the Arch- bishop gave his blessing, and after the concluding devotional ascriptions by the newly professed nuns sung alternately with the choir, and the ceremony of prostration, the "Te Deum" was sung, prayers were uttered, and the Arch- bishop took his departure. The newly professed nuns were then embraced by the Mother Superior, and in turn em- braced the other members of the community, after which each re- ceived her candle, and resumed her place in the procession, which left the chapel during the singing of the Psalm (cxxxii.) "Ecce quam bonum." The service througout was most im- pressive. After the service in the chapel the Mother Superior entertained a large party of guests at breakfast, among them the Right Rev, the Bishop of Maitland, the Rev. Father James Horan, and other clergymen. 