OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. , Friday. - My political cliums say to me, " Well, old man, doesn't the present situation fog you a bit ?" " No," £ say, " it may seem so to the " inexperienced; hut not to the ancient mariner." The position has ,now reached the stage of my diagnosis: of it in last May; I told you then that the tariff debate would last out until . the greater part of September, and that the Govern ment would fall in tlie second week of October, if not earlier. . I still hold that opinion. The next three weeks .will keep us all watching. Let us reason a bit as to the conditions which are leading -up to the pushing from their seats of a Ministry which': really has well administered the offices of State, and has faithfully done its best to pull the country through its difficulties, it is not my province to deal with what should be, or what is presumedly right, 1 must speak of facts as 1 eye them. Tlie position is most peculiar. - On every side there is the feeling, "-We want to keep the Ministry in; they -have performed their task ex ceedingly well, and thereare moreslopsyct. Resides, we don't want to welcome Lord Brassey by presenting him - with a crisis." When you get men aside in the hours when they beam and open their hearts "with nods and winks1 and wreathed smiles" you soon discover that not even the straiglitgoers on the Opposition side desire to shift the Ministry, ihcy are still as sheep, having no shepherd. Never had a politician a finer chance just now than Mr. Murray Smith, whom, you will remember, like Mr. Zox, despite a long Parliamentary career, lias never been in office. 'Tlie ball is absolutely kicked to him,- yet he cannot take a " mark." 'J he "always in a minority" Cinderella of politics cannot suddenly be transformed into a majority man. Men would cluster round him were it not that, he lias upon him the ineft'acable brand, " F. T." Pos sibly that may be a home-station brand, yet such funny things happen in politics, but it is not so now. The settled policy of the country is still unchanged, and the mob won't head off after a leader with the " F. T." brand. Just hero a little wrinkle which may have escaped you. You may have noticed that the caucus of the Opposi tion 011 the Municipal Advances Bill broke up without arriving at a resolution. Of course everybody knows that this fifty thousand pounds is a free gift chucked to the municipalities in substitution for sub sidy. No body out of his tccu's imagines that it will ever he repaid. But the caucus did nob break up from this reason. It was because there were several members— 1 am not going to mention names — who primed their fellows with tlie idea that as a primary volcano Sir James Patterson was extinct. T am striving sketchily to give you some idea of a situation, which it is difficult even for the keenest to comprehend. We have reached to a state of things in which the Government is often beaten, or at the best escapes with tho free kick of a casting vote. The Assembly is so divided that you cannot tell for an instant whether it will vote for the old prohibitive or the lower scale duties. This can't long last. Under our system of party govern ment you may have a coalition of sides for the nonce ; hub you cannot run a coalition of a Parliament composed of freetraders and protectionists equally divided. A majority must be achieved on the one side or the other, and that not one of one. Elsewise the Government cannot carry 011, and the tariff issue will have to he referred to the people. 'I here is another issue. Noting the closeness of the divisions, may not the Council reasonably say, " Wo must reject this bill, in order that tlie constituencies may pronounce their intents, concerning which bhcirrepresentutivesarcsodivided." Tlie Service confidence trick might, of course, be used again, though I doubt it. I think we arc on tho edge of startling developments. There have been two curious and cun ning moves originated this week ; how they will issue is doubtful. But anyone of tlie least sense must see that a Government which lives 011 ties or 011 majorities of two or three realises Richelieu's phrase in P.ulwer Lytton's play, ". Walk blindly on, behind thee stalks the doomsman." We are drifting from a quiet bay of politics into mountainous seas in tlie straits, and I am extremely sorry for it ; for out of the present House I don't think we can extract a better Ministry. I o lighter themes ! A lady of my ac quaintance was proceeding homewards about 10 p.m., when there flashed across her patli the vision of the Balaclava ghost. Naturally she was frightened, and clung to a fence for support. A few minutes later an apparently respectable young man proffered to her his escort so far as tlie gate of lier home. Of course, it was accepted, and we can imagine the ghostly conversation that ensued. What do you think was this lady's second shock when 011 reaching the verandah' her conductor suddenly unbared his breast, on which was inscribed, in phosphorescent letters, " Prepare to meet thy doom !" It is evi dent that in this particular case " the ghost walks." 'The dreamers of the cup winners are early in the field this year. As a rule the visions arc not seen until a week or two before the ' aulGekl Cup or Melbourne Cup. But hero wc have one person who has dreamt on no less than three separate occasions that Bruin won the Caulfield event and Auraria the Melbourne Cup. 1 lie consequence lias been a rush to hack this double. Mr. "Jack" Cohen, who does perhaps the largest country busi ness, assured me that I10 quickly laid the whole of a £5000 hook about this double, and by one morning's post received ap plications for at least thirteen thousand pounds worth more. Other bookmakers report similar "runs "until the "price" was reduced from 1.000 to 1 to 1000 to 0. I hat there should exist so many credulous folk in this hard age might incite wonder, did not the reflection present itself that this is an essentially gambling community. If it is not a " boom " in land it is one in mining, a craze in stocks, or a madness on racing or some other sport. Everyone is anxious to reach his El Dorado by that broad road that so few people find. For myself 1 take 110 stock in dreams, know ing liow many myriad ways they may he induced. Though I am not sure that anyone who insisted 011 gambling might not just as well back the Bruin and Auraria double as any other. They were all present at a meeting, and some delay had arisen in the conduct of the business. " Hurry up," remarked a well-known Collins-street medico, "or I shall have some of my patients getting better." To which tlie cynic of the party replied. " Many eminent physicians, doctor, have found their pills and powders corrected by time." " What do you sup pose the beggar meant ?" asked — later Oil. , The most animated scene we have yet had in the Assembly was that on Tuesday night when the second division on the woollen duties was taken.: I never ex pected to see Mr. Murray Smith excited, but the manner in which lie shouted at " Mr. Speaker," above the din of " divide, divide," over tlie question of adjournment on Mr. Best's consequential amendment, betrayed the chagrin he felt at his defeat ' ill the' last minute some doubt was felt at the result, hut- presently the Labor Corner, which during the day had hinted at stone walling rather than allow themselves to be beaten grew ominously quiet— a sure indi cation to habitues of the galleries that they were satisfied. "IfGrattan or Shiels would only turn up," muttered Mr. Murray Smith, wc. should, win easily." But the first named gentleman could not possibly attend, and Mr. : Shiels v is still too unwell, although I met him on, the block- a few days ago. ; Now, when the Bill embodying the duties is introduced,, the matter will he rc-debated and re-divisioned on.-; Mean while the House on Tuesday night - pre-' sentcd all the excited elements of a "pretty little row." 'And' the possibilities thereof are not lessened by (he . attack made by the frectrade Press on' Messrs. AY.-. vA nder- son and A; Harris, whose. votes turned th scale. . __ ' iL " r" 