A Wonderful Woman. CHAPTER XXX. BETWEEN TIIE OLD LIFE AND TIIE NEW l , The Earl of Ruysland was seated alone at Scarsbrook brooding over the recollec tion of the confession made by Harriet Harman, wher a hasty summons was given at the door, and in answer to a peremptory ' Come in !' on his lordship's part, the footman Soames presented him self. ' The post, my lord — letters foi your lordship.' The bowing Soames placed a silver salver, on which half a dozen letters were arranged, before his lordship, and backed from the room. There were one ar two for Lady Cecil — one ffrotn Sir Arthur Tregenna — two for Lady Dangerfield, and two for himself. The first of these letters was on business from his solicitor, the toher in a hand that was new to him. He broke it open. It was lengthy, He glanced at the name — 'Redmond C'Donnell.' ' Now, what does O'Donnell mean by making me wade through four closely- written pages,' his lordship said, in an aggrieved tone. ' How little consider ation some people have for the feelings cf their fellow-beings ! I'll have to look over it at least, I suppose.' He adjusted his eye-glass, smoothed out the pages, and glanced through them. ' Miss Herncastle' — ' Katherine Danger- field ' — what did it mean ? Everywhere those two names ! His lassitude vanished. He began at the beginning, and slowly and carefully read the letter through. His face chauged as it had not changed when Harriet Harman told him that his daugh ter was not his daughter. Goodness above ! what was this? Kath-, erine Dangerfield not dead ! Katherine Dangerfield an<£ Miss Herncastle one and the same! Katherine Danger- field his daughter. Katherine Danger- field and Miss Herncastle one. It was plainly there — all the proofs, one' after another ; no need for verification — no doubting — no dis utipg now. She had not died. He recalled the picture of Lionel Cardonnell in the possession of the governess, her interest in the stcry, the strong likeness to his dead wife that kad struck him the first time he saw'her. The ghost and the resemblance to Katherine Dangerfield were explained now. A wig and dyed eyebrows were all the disguises she had assumed. What a bold game she had played. And Tre genna had fallen in love with her, and he had done his best to separate them — and tried to induce him to propose to Harriet Harman's daughter. His daughter lived — had relented at the eleventh hour — had burned the con fession — renounced her retribution — and gone into the world alone and unaided to fight the bitter battle of life. ' Oh, Heaven !' he cried ' this is the hardest to bear of all ! The drawing-room door opened as he sat there, and Lady Cecil came in. She wore one of her white summer dresses, the dresses she liked best, and in which she looked her loveliest. A knot of fair/ roses in her bosom, a rose-hued ribbon binding. back the hazel hair, and the pear ly face, ever colourless, blanched, as it had been since the revelation first came upon her, to a dead white. ' Papa,' she cried — the name that for twenty years had been familiar to her lips would never be resigned — ' what has happened — anything new ?' 'Yes, something new — something very hard to believe, very hard to bear. Queenie, tho grave and the headstone in Castleford churchyard are falsehoods and cheats, Katherine Dangerfield never died !' She stood and looked at him — speech less with surprise. ' Yes, Queenie, she lives. My— that I should say it 1 — my daughter — Katherine Dangerfield did not die — she lives under another name. Can you guess it ?' ' I can ! It is Helen Herncastle.' He placed the letter he had just read in her hand. ' Read that,' lie said ; 'it is lrom O'Don nell, and explains all. 1 think I could have borne anything but this.' Even in that moment she shrank a little at the sudden mention of O'Don- neH's name; Lord Ruysland placed the lengthy epistle in her hand, and rose up to resume his walk. ' Sit down,' he said, ' it's a long affair to read, and you don't look fit to stand. Are you ill, Queenie ? Your face is the colour of your dress.' She read the letter over very slowly — the facts were placed so clearly in ordr that there could be no doubt. Katherine Dangerfield lived in Helen Herncastle Lord Ruysland's daughter whose right ful name and place she herself had usurped so long. Lord Ruysland's daugh ter, wronged beyond all reparation, mad dened by wrongs until she had turned at bay, had done unto others as she had been done by. And now she had not only de parted from Scarswocd, but from Cattl ford, forced out once more . to ; face the pitiless world, friendless, penniless, alone. ' Oh, it is hard — it is cruel — it is bitter!' she cried, starting up, ' Papa, let us go o her — let us find her, at once — at once. I will resign everything — I will make what reparation I can. But who on earth can ever compensate her for what she has suffered ? How shall I ever dare to look her in the face ? And to think — that my -—my mother' She covered her face with both hands in a passionate outbreak of tears. 'Be quiet, Queenie,' was Lord Ruys land's answer, a touch of impatient pain In voice and face ; ! there is no question ©four being too late. Fate has dealt hardly with her, I allow — with us all, if it comes to that. Think of the scandal, the gossip of the world, the talk of the London clubs and drawing- rooms. Good heaven, it is enough to drive a man wild. One thing about this wonderful turn of events strikes me a? most wonderful of all, and that is, that at O'Donnell's inter ference j he should give up her revenge, burn Mrs, Harman's confession, and throw up the game the moment it was hers. That I don't understand. Women are a riddle ; it's a hackneyed aphorism, but for sound truth might be affixed to the Four Gospels. I say again, if she had been in love with the fellow — but I thought Sir Arthur' He stopped, and glanced furtively at Cecil She was standing, her eyes downcast, a lovely rose-pink flush on either cheek, perhaps by some inward intuition her woman's nature understood this other woman's — perhaps some glimmering of that truth to Swh'ch O'Donnell himself was blind broke upon her. To Cecil Clive it seemed a very easy thing for any woman to love Redmond O'Donnell. You look as if you understood, Quee nie,' the earl said. ' Solve this riddle it you can.' 'I think the solution must be the innate nobility and generosity of — how shall we call her Miss. Herncastle, then, herself. For she is noble — she is great almost be yond belief. Captain O'Donnell is right. It is a noble nature warped in spite of her! others in her place, with her genius, would have done far worse. You must learn to love hei, 'papa ; to look upon herjas your daughter — to let her take the name I bear — the place I fill when I am.' Her voice broke. ' Sir Arthur Treganna's wife. Is that what you would say., Queenie ? Well' — an impatient sigh here — ' I suppose I must try.' ' When I am gone — that is what I meant to say, papa. For I will go— it is only just I should go back to' the life to which I was born. And Ivill never be Sir Arthur Ti- egenna's wife. This letter' — she took it up — ' I see is from Sir Arthur to me, When I answer it, it will be to tell him how distasteful such a mar riage would be to me.' Lord Ruysland listened, his old weary, calm returning — his habitual expression, half cynical, half-indifferent — back. 'Quxjtic, but correct, perhaps. You will offer Sir Arthur his freedom— very eenerous on your part ; and he will refuse it — equally generous on his. You are right, Queenie — go through the form, by all means , it is what I would do myself in your place. But you will marry Sir Arthur, nevertheless.' ' I will never marry Sir Arthur. In all likelihood I shall never marry at all. You need not smile like that, papa — 1 mean it. Sir Arthur loves your real daughter, and one day he will marry her. Her faults have been many ; but when he knows the truth such love as his will find it easy to overlook those faults. He was anxious for me to become his wife because through no fault of his, he felt he stood in some way committed, and I — oh! I was base and ungenerous when I thought of accepting him. I thank Heaven th it I know the truth before it is too late. If he loved me, even, and if I loved him. I would still refuse to become his wife now. As it is, all the powers on earth would not force me to marry him.' The earl saw that she spoke the truth — that all argument was useless here. ' You don'tllove him,' he replied .quietly ; ' then perhaps you do love some one else — the Free |Companion, the sold:er of fortune, the Chasseur d'Afrique,— for in stance ?' She looked at him steadily, the colour deep on her cheeks, a bright light in her eyes. ' Yes !' 'she said, proudly, resolutely ; 'Dove him ! I have loved him from the hour I saw him first!' ' And he has told you all, no doubt — the stoxy of Torryglen and his youthful presumption and folly, tolerably outlived in six years, compaigning, if I judged him rightly ?' The glow deepened on her face— the light that never was on sea or land, the light of love that knows itself beloved again. ' He has told me,' she said, under her breath, ' and he has not outlived it — thank fleaven ! Yes, though I should never see him again on earth — thank Heaven. Papa, do you think you did right then ?' ' Well, no. Morally speaking, perhaps I did not ; socially speaking, I am sure I did. You couldn't have married him, Queenie — I hope you know that. And you can't marry him now either, that I can see. Think of roughing it out in Algeria, grilling alive under an African sun — no soceety, a camp follower, and sooner or later an Irish officei-'s half pay widow. He's a fine fellow— always was — the sort, by gad ! if I were a woman, I should like to maxay myself. But you haven't been brought up to rough it, and — it won't do, Queer.ie, it won't do.' The colour had faded from her face, the happy light from her eyes ; a wistful weariness and longing had taken their place. .... Lord Ruysland smiled faintly — smiled sceptically. 'Well, well, we won't discuss the ques tion at present, Queenie. Take your letter and answer it. We will have Sir Arthur directly alter, and you and be can settle these heroics between you. Still, I think if I were you, I would marry him, Queenie. She smiled in answer, stooped, and kissed him as he sat down. ' You ought to hate me for my — my mother's sake, if not for my own,' she said. ' You are very good to me, Lord Ruysland.' ' Am I ?' he answered, rather drearily. ' Being very good to any one has not been the besetting virtue of my life. We'll not talk about my goodness, Cecil child; it's a subject that won't bear discussion.' With her letter in her hand, Cecil went up to her room — that pretty azure and ormolu chamber, to which she must soon bid adieu. Then she opened and read Sir Arthur's letter. It was very little like a lover's letter, though he wrote of their long-standing engagement ; and you could see he conscientiously did his best. He told her of Tregenna — of the alterations and decorations he had planned. He spoke of the day — very near, he hoped — when he would see her there its mistress. He did his best, but the spirit of love that would have warmed and rendered him eloquent was wanting. ' Another mistress will reign in Tre genna,' she said, as she laid it down : ' another, who, with all her faults, will be a far worthier mistress than I. She does not love him now, perhaps ; but she will — I feel it. Lord Ruysland will one day have his wish — his daughtei will be Lady Tregenna. She began her answer without delay; it was easy enough to write, knowing what she knew of him. J — ' It he loved me the task would be a difficult one. As it is — chough he may never own it, even to himself his release would be a relief.' It was necessarily a very long letter, since it comprised the whole story of the treble discovery — the discovery that Katherine Dangerfield was Lord Ruys land's daughter — the discovery that Katherine Dangerfield and Miss Hern castle was one and the same. She dwelt at length on the noble self-abnegation she had shown in the end — of all she had been made to suffer, of her pity, her forgiveness, her generosity, of her last flight and re nunciation. Lastly, she spoke of hex-self, telling him her own story, and releasing him from the arranged alliance. i In any case, even had we loved one an other, I would still have said this. In that case, it might have meant nothing — been but a form — words I was bound in honour to say, knowing how far beneath you in birth I was. But it is no form no.v When I sa/, Sir Arthur-, this letter is my fare well, I mean it. You must not try to shake my resolutions. You do not care for me — in that way. I knew it from the first. I might have gone on to the end, and done you and myself the still greater wrong cf max-rying you. The woman your honour with your hand should love you as you deserve to be loved, I foresee. Again, I entreat you, do not, for any mis taken idea of honour, endeavour to shake my resolution. It is not to be shaken. Fax-ewell. Your wife I can never be — your friend I shall be always. Cecil. Three days after, and the remains of Harriet Harman were laid in Castleford churchyard. A new and nameless gx-ave, beside which no one lingered, except her whom all the town looked upon as the Earl of Ruysland's daughter. Why she should kneel by the grave of the dead woman — why she should linger there in the grey of the ' summer evening when every one else was gone. Castleford could not understand. And why lr6m the grey slab at the head of Katherine Danger-field's grave the briet inscription should be obliterated, and the stone left nameless, Castleford could not understand either, By order of Mx\ Henry Otis, who six years ago had put it up, this was done. Mr. Otis had returned to London with Nurse Hannah, to find Katherine there before him. What transpired at that first interview no one ever knew. The dream of his life was at an end. The day might come, that would make hex- a wife, but never his. Pex-haps Cecil Clive was not the only one to whom some inkling of the ttuth had come — that a feeling of love fox- Redmond O'Donnell had, in the eleventh hour been her redemption, ' I will make my home hex-eifyou will let me,' she bad said. ' Your mother has been the kindest of mothers to me, you, the most faithful of friends, the best of brothers. I should like to have a home — the thought of a lodging house and strangers is terrible to me. I am tired Henry — tired in body and soul, with my long and sinful struggle. Thank Heaven that it is over — over for ever — that it is still not fop late for repentance and a new life. Let me stay here if you can — if you can look upon me as a sistex-, not else.' A year ago he could not have given hertheassurar.ee. He could give it to her in all truth to-day. Even such love as his must starve and lie without hooe to feed on. He had hoped against hope — all that was over now. 'Whilst my mother and I have a home, Krthex-ine,' he answex-ed, 'I don't think I need tell you that home is youx-s. But surely you forget there is another who has a claim upon you now. You are no longer a free agent. You are the daugh ter of the Eax-1 of Ruysland.' ' I am Katherine Dangex-field. The dear old name that was mine in the days when I was happy and innocent shall be mine again until I die. For Lord Ruysland, I shall never be more to him than I am. He would be the last to desix-e it, and his px-ide shall never suffer a pang through Lady Cecil Clive, who honours the name she beax-s — I should disgrace it. I go my own way, forgetting all that is past, if I can. Nothing can alter me. Whatever is changed in me' — with a smile — ' the old obstinacy I fear will remain unchanged till the last. And the day after, when Lox-d Ruys- jand — having found out her address ;nrou »h a private enquiry agent, whose professional instinct had put him on the right track — came with Lady Cecil, Henry Otis found she meant to e ep her word. (To be continued) 