THE A Story, of the 'Black. Country' of South Staffordshire.' By JBANIE GWTNNE BETTAJSY, . Author of 'Aunt Saracen's Two Legacies,' &c.; CHAPTER LXH- {Continued.) Let it not be inferred, however, that Bim pler included any other than this one act of his life under toe denomination of vil lainy; the rest was ; all fair-play. Where tliore were fools there must be knaves, he considered. It was a provision of nature trliich would improve the race, sooner or later, by sharpening- the said fools on the tcnves' grindstones. He had often argued this in hie own mind, as an occupation in the dark, at his window. It is only nature, Mr. Kimpler would think; everything is linked to everything else in nature. What a pest the flies would be, if it were, not for tin1 spiders to eat them up. So witli many oilier disagreeable things, nature provided a check to their undue multiplication. The knaves were the check to the undue mnlti p]i«ition of fools. Then was it his fault that he had been chosen an instrument to this latter end? Not at all. It was a merit rather. The human race had much to thank him for, and those like him. He had heard somewhere that physical quali ties, even organs, degenerated, and were ultimately lost under persistent disuse. Tlie wits of even the wise, if not exercised to defeat the knaves, would thus degener ate., no doubt. He was a universal bene factor. He roused fools from their apa thy, and exercised the wits of the wise; and in the process considerably sharpened his own. It was not for anything of this kind that he should call himself a villain. Bin Madeline had not been a fool. She had been caught by reason of her own goodness and unselfishness, and had been rendered wretched. It was clear the past could not be altered by any amouut of cursing and reviling. He took out his pocket-book, in which we have fieen him make entries; and wrote upon a leaf of it, in Italian, of which language he knew . Madeline to be mistress: 'Be at ease. I see you recognise me. I am too much asuamed of myself ever to press my ac quaintance upon you. I send this only that you may be sure that I will treat you as a stranger on all occasions when we may chance, to meet, which is the least I caii do to make reparation.' He had written this, and had folded it up and palmed it when he found they were very near to the little inn; and he began to mentally gather himself together to form some quick and undeteetable plan of conveying his little note to Madeline's hand. In his usual cool fashion, he dismounted when the carriage stopped, and gracefully helped out Mrs. Saltring before Mr. Risn moi- had even thought of alighting. «He next gave his hand gravely to Madeline, vcho trembled a good deal. He appeared profoundly unconscious of this* and wore his gravest look. No detective could have imagined, if he had looked at Mr. Bimpler's countenance, that he had ever met this iady before; much less would he have thought he was conveying something to her hand. Madeline knew it. however; and liad she not perceived by his face that he did not wish people to know they were any thing but strangers, she would have been terrified. She could not let the note fall, ami show, there had been one; so her hand dosed upon it Madeline moved towards the window of the rooni into which the party was intro duced, with the slip of paper folded be tween her fingers, and nobody noticed her. Her back was vtowal'ds everyone; and by a subtle instinct some women have, she felt she must take this opportunity of glancing at her paper. How could she guess, in deed, what grave importance might attach to her knowing its contents at once? Mr. Rimpler, who was engaged in giving directions to a waiter at the other end of tbe room, knew by her attitude that she was reading the letter. She took her purse from her pocket, and put the folded paper finto it, just as she was joined by Maud Towers. At this juncture Miss Doi^as, feeling rather in the shade for a moment, made her way to these two, and. with an insolence sc-ire people show a mastery of, threw her e«lf headlong into conversation by remark ins; that the Misses Langleys' dresses (the minister's daughters, who had been brides maids) were a figure. 'And that all comes.' she added, 'of their going -to a cheap dress maker, as can't fit, spoiling good stuff. If they'd have come to me, now, to make them, they should have looked fit to be Been.' Neither Maud, .nor Madeline answered; both looked extremely uncomfortable; and Miss Dorcas 'was not slow to see that she Sad made a mistake in addresing her re marks to them. She moved, off 'without apology, but with a great jerk; and said to Ler sister-in-law, quite audibly, 'that of all the stuefc-^ip peacocks, . that Mrs. Towers and Mass .What's-her- name as came with Mrs. Saltring, were the tiptoppest Can't hear half a word without sticking up their heads and looking at you as if -fchey could 6lay you. I've no patience 'with proud, pea cocks.' Mrs. Rimmon touched, her snster-in-law's sleeve by way of a hint that sihe was being overheard. 'I'm not ashamed of what I say,' said iliss Dorcas, who was in a bad temper, ow ing to Mr. Rhnpler's neglect of her. 'If people will be proud peacocks, they must expect to be talked about' Mr. Rimpler chanced to hear Dorcas's last remark; and instantly judging at whom it 'was levelled, gave Dorcas a look which Would jhave appalled any one else. But she was notably reckless.. and would have her fling, as she often said, if she died for it. With a sudden inspiration she looked Bimpler ftdl lii the face, and asked hiia 'when lie had come to the throne; at winch sally she was so much delighted, that she laughed uproariously, attracting general attention to her. She Should nave waited for Rimpler's answer. , .-..-?? 'I've never been in danger of coming to the throne; but I have been in danger of t-?ing dragged against my 'wM to a certain altar several times. That is,' he added, as If to make 'Ms ?? meaning' quite clear, 'I should have been, had not the lady lacked aU personal ciarm troth, of face and years, and manner and voice,, and all the rest, fraving nothing' in fact to drag with iMit her Perseverance.' And mith tills he turned away. -?.,-.?' . . . v ? . . -, Dorcas 'was ;ao overpoweringjy angry, that i^hft .first thing she thought of—a conunon. knougih'.thouglitan.eie Black {Jountry* too-^ Iftas the..purehase of _ yitrioL But everybody else made an effort to pass the thing overj and though all- understood Tviho the lady re ferred to was, iHiere was not tibe. least proof against Mr. Simpler. He haxL not cbm initted himself ^Sn.^any, way- ... . .... The ijunchfion-Tvas a great success, and nfier St '4Mb -party ^ set xnot to walk in the Park. . Mr. Rimpler bad noticed that Ma Ideline was more comfortable -£han at first I fie was glad of tinai; and he now did his (best to ^entertain jMrs. Setting, who mad I fallen -to'^hls lot ismee /fiiiey aafij come jMit. 1^11 at onc^ iie beJieldi seated upon a bencn la womin,'l-waii. ' 'igr^y hair aaid a. 'ragged ?shawl On her arm was aa old; eantf&s; I bag; and she looked miserable enough for [anything. Mr. Rimpler. for some reason lecrald scarcely . keep ddwn his excStemeat |He saad to Mrs. Saltring, quietly enough for I all that, 'We must not see a person look flo wretched as that on so gay a day;' and he fumbled in his pocket. Mrs. Saltriug. with pleased eyes, watched 1hnti go up to the woman, and bestow his willing alms upon her. She did not hear, however, the few words Mr. Rimpler spoke to the woman, or she might have -seen an altogether different meaning in his act In. that 'brief moment he had made an arrange ment with her to meet him at the tavern they had just quitted the next day. He then passed on, as if nothing had occurred; and everything went merrily, and everyone seemed sorry when it was lime to return to Jumley. \ CHAPTER LXIH. The sojourn abroad of Mr. and Mis. .Tu ba! Rimmon was considerably protracted; and it was not until the first week in Aug ust that a Channel steamer, not too sear worthy, was nearing Newhaven, with a pre cious cargo indeed. The journey had been made by night and the sea looked as blue as the sky overhead, and the white cliffs quite dazzling in the morning sunlight Laura, with a peevish, discontented look upon her face, for which, perhaps, we ought to have some commiseration, since she had been suffering from sea-sickness, was re garding the pretty view from the deck of the steamer. Jubal, a thought thinner than when we last saw him, appeai-ed to be making no effort a± all to brighten the spirits of his partner, but puffed away at a big cigar quite spitefully. At leugth a small creature in a blue shawl came on deck, and looked timidly about her. She was speedily followed, and. her arm taken by a lady who appeared to be her mother. Laura, out of mere curiosity, watched the couple seat themselves on the side of the steamer; and then they turned their faces towards her. 'Jubal,' she said, giving her lord a tug, 'do you see who that is?' 'No. I don't: nobody I know.' 'It's Lucy Beredith and her mother.' 'Can't help it if it is,' replied Jubal, con tinuing to puff. 'At least you might take a little interest in what. I say.' 'Other people take too much interest in what you say for me to take much.' 'I haven't the ghost of a notion what you ; mean,' returned Laura, tossing her head. 'But there are those Berediths. I wonder how it was we didn't see them when we came on board.' 'I did see them at Saint Lazare,' ob served Jubal, nvith the same ill-natured tone and look; 'and I saw them get into our train, and I saw them come on board.' 'Then why couldn't you tell me?' 'A nice rage you'd get into if I were al ways narrating to. you everybody I saw.' 'What a time we are getting in, when we are quite close to, and have been ever so long, to all appearance,' remarked Laura, in answer to this. 'It's a horrible steamer. Yon ought to iiave looked after it b&ttei1;, as other gentlemen would do. But no one can expect you to be a gentleman.' 'There's only one gentleman in the world, we know,' retorted Joibal, 'since Winterfold put in an appearance at Paris. And the devil knows how he found us out.' 'I' in very glad he did,' said Laura, cross ly pulling a thread out of her glove. 'It would have been dull enough without him. I suppose you didn't encourage him- to come at all, did you? You didn't want it to be thought at the hotel that your friend was the son of a lord, did you, Jubal?' She always called him jubal when she was not on particularly good terms with him. which had been rather frequently of late. 'Are you going to speak to those Bere ditlis?' Jubal had asked, when a sudden luuch of the ship sent him ignominiously in to a sitting posture on the seat near his Trife— he had been S'tanding before. Laura burst into a' 'laugh, and several other passengers, who had come on deck, ?-were moved to smile also. Jubal's hat had flown off, and rolled with the movement of j the vessel to the feet of the Berediths. He ! was very angry; more angry with Laura i than anyone else, for laughing at him. He was proud of her beauty, and was as really in love wiih her as his nature could be; and h'i wished to be envied, and that the world ! should see that she was all his own. It ap- j peared to him that her careless laughing at iiis misfortune would suggest to the minds of all who had seen it that the young lady could not be very much in love with her busband. The casual observer of human nature is quick to notice and give their full Vfilue to indications of th!s kind. A wife — above all, a new wife, who is in love with her husband— would feel his being seen in a ridiculous or foolish position, in a sense dqubly keen. But Laura seemed rather to enjoy Jubal's discomfiture, as he 'unsteadily followed, his truant headgear to the feet of the two ladies. Ho apologised to them as he picked his hat up and -placed it on his head; and when he turned, he saw a young French girl, an article Jubal had purchased for his wife with ibis uncle David's money, in the act of receiving a spirited account of his misad venture from her inistress. This was too much for JubaL He took in the situation at a glance, and did not go towards his wife, tout remained sulkily where he was; and the ship ploughed on through the water and the white cliffs came nearer and nearer. Jubal determined not to look after the luggage properly on landing, as the read iest means of avenging liimself on his wife for her want of feeling; and lie became better tempered in prospct of this. One thing he meant to look after, and only one; and that was his own bag lined with cigars, on which he meant to pay no duty. He likewise resolved to get drunk, which he knew Laura objected -to, not on moral, but on artistic grounds. Jubal was an appen dage of her own, and she always remem bered this when he made a beast of him self, as she called it, though she appeared to have forgotten it just -now, when Jubal fell. But then, after alL it was fate that had done that; and Jubal chose to get get drunk. ' . ' It has been seen that Laura made no step towards speaking to the Bereditis. The Bereditais, nevertheless, had recognised her, and had known her well enough not to ex pect her to accost them. 'Don't you think, mamma, that Laura is handsomer than ever?' Lucy said to her mother, with eyes fixed on the white ffliffs they were every moment nearine. 'I certainly do,' Mrs. Beredith acknow ledged unwillingly. She would have been glad had ithe fact been less evident She was angry with Laura. 'Don't you think it strange that weshould have been on the same ship?' 'I should have stayed for the later ship Sf I had known they-wer© coming over,'- said ? Mrs. Beredith ratter, sharply ; .'and if that's Kezi&h;'s brother, he's very much of ? iher ?type.' . ? ?'???_? .' ?' \ ' ?? - .Here. Mis. Beredith vwas wrong. But we all /judge incorrectly, of. people . against whom we toave a fpreeonceired^ opinion. \ 'Why doesn't he go to ', 4ierS' 'remarked Lucy. 'They don't appear to be on very good terms. Oh, -mamma/' she added, -j turning her wistful fa-je away from the chalk cliffs, and towards her- mother, 'if I had married Mm, aaid. were returning wiHi nhii Sn . this eteainer instead; of you, we; should have been farther apart than 'We: axe mow.' ?' '? ..'7 ? V ;, . ; \\--j.'''-'-:'. ''.'; ? '?? ?The mother sighed, aihd said nbthhagi. (To t-e eoWtonM-);. , : 