TOPICS OF THE DAY- We nre rcqneMlecI by the town clerk of Molborunc to call nttvnlion to an ad vertisement In our public notices co lumn referring to tho provisions of the Lucid Government Act, lb9l, which au thorises every corporation which is the occupier or the owner of tho freehold of any property In the city of Melbourne to nominate In writing under Its com mon seal, any number of persons not exceeding three in all, to be enrolled (n the place of such corporation on the citizens' roll. Hecreturles and managers nre reminded that the following Infor mation must be supplied, viz., the Christian names in full, private address and occupation of the persons nomina ted, together with a full description of Hie property for whlnh enrolment is clulnuMl. To correct an error which has been made In previous yours, we are ul- h» requested to state that nomination In a previous year Is not suinclent, but Hiut nominations must be made every year. The following information taken from the Year ltook of the Diocese of Mel bourne for tho year lRtM-95, recently pub lished, will prove interesting to adhe rents of Hie Church nf Englnnd. There are 179 clergymen In active service, 12 on the retired list; nnd In ndditlon there nre 47 readers, including Trinity College Theological students who are licensed to ofllclutc lu archdeaconries, parlyhes, and districts under the superintendence of the archdeacons or parochial clergy men by whom they were respectively nominated. Then ngaln there ure 294 honorary readers who nru authorised by the Bishop to read morning ami evening prayers (except the absolution), and the litany, nnilto road sermons approved by him when requested to do so by the clergyman responsible for the services of the church In which tho honorary readet is asked to otJlclatc. In connec tion with the Hnbhath schools there are 1HI teachers holding the diploma of the Futidny Huhool Association of the dio cese. The diocese In divided into four urehdeaconrics, viz., Melbourne and Ooetong, Lleechworth, Bandhurst nnd Glppsland, which arc ugnln divided Into 67 parishes nnd D rural denncrlos, Hie centres of the latter being In the city nf Melbourne, East Melbourne, South Mel bourne, Gcciong, Wangarattn, Kllmore, Sundhurst, Kyncjon and Sale. The Executive Committee of the Charity Organisation Society have taken a very sensible step In connection with tho relief of men asking for assist ance on tho ptea of destitution. They have established a wood yard and Is sued tickets to the subscribers at the rate of three shillings a dozen. On the presentation at 28 Russell street of one such ticket the bearer will have the op tion of earning the equivalent of two meals and a tied, and on the completion of hts work he will recclvcordera onaro- spcotable house. Theso tickets are to ; be known an "work tickets," nnd aro \ not Intended to supersede the "Inquiry i tickets" now Issued A yard overseer : will be appointed, and will, It Is sup posed, bo authorised to calculate the value of the work on the basis of an applicant's physical capacity. In order that tho yard may pay Its way, sub scribers arc requested to place their or ders with the society. At the recent meeting of tho Malvern Debating and Musical Society in the Shire Hall. Mrs Boll read the poem. vQeautiful Hands," and the secretary. Mrs'H. Bell, a paper on Tho Origin of Beauty, quoting largely from a book by Dr W. H. Holcombc, on The Sexes Hyrc and Heroaftor. The subject, as | mlht have been expected, led to a con siderable amount of discussion, especi ally on the contention that tho contem plation of what is mentally beautiful lends to a corresponding Increase of bodily beauty. This Is consoling, though mythology records no instance of a Satyr turned into an Apollo by Hit? contemplation of his own mental supe riority. A now branch of the Australian- Nn- tlves Association will bo opened to night at Gray's Federal Hall, Kew, by Vice-president Toutcher and ex-presi dent Fltzsitnmonu. OlUccrs and mem bers of other branches of the Associa tion and the public generally are cordi ally Invited to be present. Mr Thomas Glltus informs us that "the labors of the Hatched Memorial Fund aro at last completed," and that arrangements have been made for the chairman of the committee to formally hand over to the representatives of the man who so gulluntly loBt his own life In the attempt to save that of a drown ing woman— the memorial erected by voluntary subscription in the Melbourne cemetery. The ceremony will tako place on Monday next ut three o'clock In the afternoon. A new lodge of Free Gardeners was opened last night at the Methodlrt schoolroom. Park street. Hawthorn, by the M.W.G.M. Bra. Kerr, and tbo olli- crs of the Grand Lodge, Twenty-one members were Initiated, and ubout us many more proposed for election. The lodge wus named the Gurnet Lodge, and the following brothers were elected to thu several offices:— Pember- tou, R.W.M. ; Cassidy, D.M. ; Crouch, P.M.: Herberte, S.W.; Miles, J.W.; Turkcr, chap.; Martin, Of.; Olitcnrotl, As. Sec.; Horsburgh, Trcas., and Gib son, Hec.. Pembcrton, Strange, and Herberte trustees. The appointment nf Dr Mcrrltecs us surgeon was confirmed, and votes of thanlcs accorded to the visiting brethren. Plainclothes Constable W. If. IVIl- cock, Constables M'!\frtnon and Gnlvln tills morning arrested II. A. Ennls. John T. Little, Mary J. Bentley, Isabel Mit chell nnd Joseph W. Brown ut a house of Ill-fame In Victoria street, "Windsor, on a charge of vugrancy. Tho accused wore brought beforoMrW. Dnvlos, J.I'., at the Prohran wutchhouse later In tho day, and remanded to appear before the local court ou Thursday next, wlieq several other charges will bo laid against them. When searching the house the police discovered a quantity of wearing apparel, which has lately been mysteriously disappearing from the clothes lines In the neighborhood. Most of the clothing has been Identified at the wutchhouse. The first ball given by the Masters and Wardens' Association of .Victoria has resulted In a sum of nearly L101 being available for the "poor and 'dis tressed" In the Alms Ilouscn.I'unt road Pouth Yurru. The committee nnd all concerned In the arrangements are to be congratulated on such a satisfactory return for their exertions. Tt tnay be mentioned that, during an Interval in the dancing, Bro. Jurrott, P.M., pre sented the president, Bro. Tompsltt, Senior Grand Warden, wltii a group of. photographs of the officers of tho Asso ciation. Hie patron, Blr W. J, Clarke, being the central figure.' Tho friends of Mr Armes Beaumont, tho well known and popular vocalist, Win bo glad to hear thut ho Is pro- greasing favorably. This ovcnlng those very clever and popular comedians, Mr Harry Shine and the liovls Brothers will make their lu/il appearance at the Oxford Theatre. To-morrow night an entire change of programme Is to lie presented. Amongst other novoJUes are announced Hie first appearance of "The Suburban Ghost," ami the special engagement of Miss I Hell Ponsonby, Mr Fred Garnet, Miss Mabel Harding, and Messrs Franks and Williams. Tho appointment of Mr. Clinmber- Iiiln as Secretary .to Hie Colonies (says the Dublin " Freeman's Journal") re calls tila Interesting controversy with Mn- Hognn, .in which he wus badly 'Vn.W' J11 mrA' "leaking at the Guildhall, London, Sir. Cliuiiihcrlnjii stated Hint "wherever Irishmen have hud the unrestricted control of llimnco lu the immlciimlltlcH of the Coloured, their control 1ms ulways been followed by flimnelul ruin uud disaster." Mr. I logon promptly requested Mr. Chum- Ikirlulii to Htule the iiulliorlty ou which this iLsserllou wub IwhihI, and to spe cify one or two of the Colonial inunl- cipuliUcH that had Iwen ruined hy Irishmen. Mr. Cluuuhcrhiii was un able to do either. All Hint lie could say in reply wus-" I dou't think ll necessary lo enter into any contro versy as to Hie elnimcier and past notion of any iwirileuffir municipality. 1 may say, however, that I boiieve It to 1m> n matter or general notorlolv thut the expenses of many of the Co lonial munlcipulhicN are very much greater lu proixu'tlun than those of ci ties of similar size lu Great Britain." This, of course, had nothing whatever to do with the original charge, uud Mr. Hogtiu,, In reply, stated that "Hie whole tenor nnd substance of your re. ply compel the conclusion that you have no authority or ascertained facts whatever to corroborate your statu- ment at Hie Guildhall." The shrine at Oansi (India) has (re ports Hie "Dally News") been shorn of much of Its splendor. A short time ago the priests who attended at duwn to perform Hie toilet of Mahudeo were horrified to find that their dolly linil fled. Henrch was Instantly made, and Hie god was found carefully wrapped In a shawl on tho side of a tnnlt acouple of hundred yards irom the temple. Their first impression waa that a mir acle had been vouchsafed which would bring inflnitu grist to their mill. Tills Idea wr.s dispelled when it was disco vered that tho graven image hud been despoiled of Its gold cuirass, Us Jewel lery, and silver throne. Recently M. Fouraud, nt the Corot Exhibition, gave a sketch of Hint painter's life. He long struggled ngnliist Ids fulher'H wish to he a painter. One evening Hie father said, "I do not want to-foree yon into business, but if you do become a dra per you will have LHHH) to do what you like with, If a painter your allowance for nil expenses will be 1,90 a year with board and lodging at home." Corot was transported with Jov, hugged his father aud mother, and wont dancing about the paternal shop, and laughing, weeping, and singing "I'll lie u painter, painter, painter ! " He was very good-natured. The calls made by ixtor fellow-painters on bis J ,80 n year never ended. They went on for years. lie got tired of them at last, but be used to give needy artists paintings he had done, ami tell Humi that If they knew how to Imrgulu they might get for them 12 francs each nt n dealer's. One of these palntiugs wiih sold receutly for 12,OO0f., uud uuotlier for 4U,OOor. The Rqiilrrel Club held an "At Home" lost evening at Miss Walter's "Old Court" studio. Mrs Knox-Ormc had charge of the arrangements, and pro vided tho numerous guests with a very attractive programme of songs, recita tions, etc., contributed by Miss Dunck- ley, Miss Simmons, Mrs Geddes, Messrs Troubridge, Coffey, Parker Hall, Her bert Woodhousc and the hostess, who nlso acted mi accompanist. The next Bquirret Club entertainment will take dace on Wednesday evening, 7th, viien the members and friends will tender Miss Walter a complimentary At Home 