OUR KINETOSCOPE. By the Flaneur. : ' THE PETTICOAT PARLIAMENT. Ladies and Gentlemen, — Like Banquo's ghost the New Woman trouble ' will not down.' The Shrieking Sisters have made a dead set on the Senate, and the only way to prevent them .from getting there now is to give them full permission to enter — in fact, to ' make believe' that we would force the franchise on them. The moment that is done the pure cussedness of woman's nature wilj bubble up to boiling point, and she will resolutely refuse to have anything to do with politics at all. It is peculiar to the sex that its members are always wanting what they can't get— and I fear quite a number of them frequently get what they don't want. In Colorado (the place where the big beetles come from) three women were recently run into the Legislative Assembly, and now we find the smartest of the trio humbly and honestly admitting that she has had enough of politics to last -her a life time—even though it lasted as long as that of Methusalem's maiden aunt. She is quite sure the other two petticoated politicians are heartily sick of the business also, but they don't like to say so out loud just at present. Upon one point this candid dame seems very positive, for she says : — ' I would never 6end a young and pretty woman to the Senate. She would have no show with so many foolish men around to flatter and cajole her into voting wrong.' To this I would add a few wise words of my own. I would never send an old and ugly woman to our Senate either. There are quite enough old and ugly women there already. Like castor-oil, and the Legislative Council, and other disagreeable things, however, the Woman Suffrage lad may have its use and be productive of some good if properly handled. An old backblock philosopher — one of our very good friend 'O'Dwyer, Aglauna's hereos, no doubt — sagely says — 'I don't object to this here New Woman business so much as some men do. I look upon it as just her natural bent for information-seeking, taking on to a new track. If she wasn't trying to find out all about Government an' microbes and hereditary rot and the like, she would be trying to find out all about her neighbours, and we all know the trouble that leads up to. Let Mrs. Caphipps get taken up with, this here franchise foolery, and she won't have time to notice that her next-door neigbour, Mr. Caphopps, comes home as drunk as a fiddler six nights a week ; and give Mrs. Caphopps plenty of suffrage stuff to skite about, and she won't trouble to spread the news around that the Caphipps people are as mean as dirt, and they had to move from their last place because they had the bailiffs in for rent. There's a lot o' good in this political woman's worry when you come to boil it down.' That is an excellent piece of reasoning when it's properly understood, and it somehow reminds me of the chat of another wise man of the woods, Sam Shirkit by name, who held to the pet theory that ' there's nothing practical about women — all they can do is ter talk.' Sam could do a deal in that line himself, but by way of vindication he used to say (without going to the trouble of taking his pipe out of his mouth to say it). "Fellers prate that I'm lazy, jest because I lets the Misses and the girls chop the wood, but that's because those fellers are only superfishal observers. I ain't lazy at all — not a bit on it. I lets the wimmen do the chopping be cause I'm a ferlosipher, and I can't bear to waste my time and energy in the useless labour of lifting the axe over my head. You see, lifting the axe up in the air don't do nothing. It' a mere waste of wital force. It's only the down strokes that counts and shows a result for your labour. I'd work at making down strokes with me axe from one year's end to the other, if they could be got in without the useless up strokes. But wimmen don't mind loss of time or waste of effort.' There's nothing practi cal about women at all. Parliament would be a first-rate place for them, as Parliament seems to do nothing but up strokes all the year round and never accomplishes any useful work at all. Last week I explained that out Kinetescope was so far in advance of Edison's affair that it could produce scenes of the future just as easily as it could reproduce those of the past. In time I believe I will be able to bring it to such a pitch of perfection that it will display scenes that have never happened and never will happen at all, but I notice that I have a rival in the field already. A Mr. Dargie, of Victoria, has just invented a camera that will pro duce 85 distinct photographs for kinetescope purposes every minute, and he says the machine is also intended to enable several Victorian consti tuencies to obtain accurate views on the varying attitudes of their Parliamentary representatives on the tariff reform trouble. Edison's camera can take pictures at the rate of 43 a second — a statement calculated to make our Kodak snap-shotters roll over and die on the spot. And now after these lengthy but necessary remarks I will open our show with a full view of a charming Cabinet meeting of the far future. The scene, you will observe, is laid in an elegant drawing-room and all the members of the Ministry present are what was once termed the softer sex. All are dressed in the height of fashion, for after giving the ugly unnatural 'rational' dress a fair show even women had sense enough to see how ridiculous the rig-out looked, and how much they lost in the.way of alluring men by the change. The table in the centre of the room is littered with books, work-baskets, choice sweetmeats, piles of official papers, &c;, and half a dozen artistically finished cradles, some tenanted, others waiting in readiness, are planted in snug corners of the room. The Ministress for Education, Mrs. Kiddwhacker, has just finished trying over some new music on the grand piano, and the Attorney- Generaless, Miss Winnie Wantalot, has pettishly exclaimed, ' I wish to heaven she'd come and let me get away to that fishing party,' when a beauteous boy servant enters and says: 'The Right Hon. Lady Flutterby's compliments, and will you please excuse her a few minutes longer? She is engaged with Madame Mantalini at present fitting on her new dress for the Governor's ball.' Then he bows himself out, and Ministress for Justice Mrs. Gabbleton Gooch, pulling a basket towards her, snappishly says — 'if that's the case, I may as well get along with some of my work ; we'll not see her here for an hour, and yet she knows there are four miserable men to be hanged next week for giving back answers to their wives." ' Oh, that reminds me,' exclaims the Ministress for Works, Mrs. Moneywaster, ' I was in the State Library yesterday looking over a lot of ancient works whpn I came across the report of a conspiracy trial held in Sydney in the Dark Ages— as far back as 1895, 1 think— and you can imagine the humiliat ing thraldom our sex was held in then when I tell you that one woman witness swore as follows:— 'I never ask questions. I was taught from the first not to ask questions, and I never do!' ' 'What a deplorable state of society !' exclaims the Minis tress for Lands, Miss Sourgrapes. ' Yes, indeed !' returns Mrs. 'Works,' 'and yet that person had some spark of true womanly feeling in her after all, for when she discovered that her emergency husband — the gentleman she had been consorting with— had been assaulted for some alleged impropriety with another woman, she raised a row at once. She could hold on to her tongue on all things else, but she had to le it go when her ' adopted husband tried to hold o to another woman.' 'That wasn't all the infamy either,' continued Mrs. ' Works.' 'A doctor gave evidence also; and only fancy, he said— 'I heard the man B. — treated his wife cruelly, but I never heard anything detrimen tal to his character !' Now, if anything were wanting to prove the glorious height to which we women have raised the world to-day it can be found in a glance at the doctor's evidence, given 1000 years ago, and this document here that we are about to 'sign condemning four husbands to death for speak ing disrespectfully to the women who honoured them by marriage.' 'I read something quite as bad as that in an old book written by a so-called humourist,' suid Mrs. Marmaduke Mullock, of the '-Mines,' 'which throws a strange and sorrowful light on the domestic life of those awful times. Astounding as it may seem to us, the husbands of a thousand years ago actually carried the purse, and the only way in whipfc some unfortwiate wives could get hold of a few shillings was by going through their husbands' breeches pockets when they were asleep,' as this wretched writer puts the case. Well, now, just listen to the cruel trick a wretch known as Meaney played off on his poor down-trodden, unsuspecting wife. 'You know what crabs are' — 'Oh, don't I, just,' exclaimed the Attorney- Generaless, smack ing her lips with great gusto. 'I've got a new Japanese recipe for cooking crabs that would make one of the Dark Age Council Fossils sit up and finish a crateful — but go on with your story, dear.' ' We all know how you can bite at crabs, Miss Wantalot,' said Mrs. ' Works' somewhat sharply, ' and perhaps we know how crabs can bite us when they get a chance too. Well, this wretched man, Meaney, brought home a few lively crabs at midnight's silent hour, poured a little whisky on them to make them real mad, and then emptied the little beasts into his trousers pockets. Pretty soon after that he was tucked into bed, pretending to be asleep, and the poor partner of his bosom (but not of his bank-book) quietly rose and proceeded to draw on her little silver-mine in her lord and master's pants, which hung on their usual peg. ' 'It is said,' continues this atrocious author, ' that Freedom shrieked when Kosciusko fell,' but she would require to have 60 mouths and a Town Hall organ-bellows as well to have shrieked as that unprincipled wife did when she got a couple of mad crabs on the ends of her taper fingers and let her lungs go in real earnest. She continued to shriek until she curdled all the milk in the neighbourhood and exhausted all the atmosphere in the house, by which time the crabs got so infernally scared that they let go their grip and buried their heads in the folds of the pants with fear and trembling. That's the story, my dears, and it is actually headed humorous and -—— -' ' Good morning, ladies !' exclaimed the Right Hon. the Prime Ministress, Lady Flutterby, as she sails into this room at this point, with all her new warpaint on and 'nothing dragging.' 'Good morning! Oh! what a lovely dress!' is the enthusiastic greeting which bursts from all the charming Cabinet ladies present. There'll be no trouble about getting the new four million loan, now, that's certain.' 'I'm so glad you're all pleased,' returns the Prime Ministress smilingly. 'I thought I'd just wear it down to see if anything re quired altering. How does it hang at the back?' ' Oh. it's just heavenly !' all the ladies reply in unison chorus, except Miss Sourgrapes, who wears flat-heeled boots and goggles; and she squeaks out, ' There's them papers to be signed to hang them four men; better do it now, as I've got to take the chair at the Children's Anti-Cruelty to Cats Society at twelve, and I can't fool round here all day, you know.' ' Oh, bother the men !'' retorts Mrs. 'Works,' ' we can have them any time, but we don't see a superb dress like this every day, I tell you. I do hope there is some more of the material left; I'd give all my next quarter's salary for a dozen yards of it.' 'Well, there is just about enough for another dress,' replies Lady Flutterby, as she marches round and cranes her neck over her shoul ders trying to ste herself all over at once. ' But I don't know what to do now, because I promised to be at the photographers and get taken in this costume at 12, and here's all this wretched official business to be worried over yet.' ' Oh, bother the business!' says Mrs. Works, 'I'll say you were indisposed, and we can meet again to-morrow, but, you really must get taken in that dress and have plenty of 'the photos distributed amongst the people if we want to get the Loan Bill passed this Session.' 'All right,' returns the Prime Ministress, 'you're a dear, good creature, and a most valuable Ministress for making that timely suggestion. I now declare this meeting closed and postponed sine die until to morrow.' And so out the whole Cabinet flounces — except Miss Sourgrapes, who angrily_ shouts, ' Come back ! Those warrants must be signed or we can't legally hang those horrid men on Friday.'* The Referendum Bill introduced in the S.A. Assembly by Mr. Batchelor, labour member, and read a first time, provides for submission to the elec tors of the province certain bills and resolutions. It sets forth that the referendum is to be open to all persons entitled to vote at Assembly elections, and when requests have been received from not less than a tenth of the electors any bill or resolution passed by either House shall be submitted to the referen dum. It is also suggested that any bill twice passed by the Assembly, and rejected by the Council, on the resolution of the former Chamber, may be submitted to the referendum, and if approved by the people, may be assented to by the Queen or the Governor -without being passed by the Council. 