CEICKET mrrzE. tor Fxlix. If batsffloi eve# tekua^iefpon morefavour able than fctoe^iresent, I caHfli^t rebilL/it So far as the ca^jpaigh/baagoixejiv^avfe had a euccessionof Sa£ui4*>'£ take the heart out of any bowI?tr-und-tfie reault is an i array of individual centuries and handsome segregates unsurpassed, I fancy, in any previous yehr. Let us hope for the sake of bowlere that a damp pitch or two may come along presently, just to cheer them up a bit and make their figures look a little more wbole i some than they do at present ! On the University ground the rays of a very ; warm sun Btruck full upon the players and j the few spectators, and long before the Btumps j were drawn I felt for the fieldsmen who were ] careering \ovei the field in pursuit of the leather which travelled, to every point of the | compass after contact with the bats of Bruce, Graham, Peryman, Trumble, Donaboo, and R. M'Leod. The M.C.C. record stood at 359 for 4 wickets, but if the chances bad been taken it is probable that the whole side would have been dismissed for under that number. The opening pair of 'red, white, and blue batsmen were Bruce and Graham, and they led the field a merry dance, the left- hander in particular applying the wood all round in his best punishing form. After reaching 30 he gave a chance to Johns at the wickets, bat it was somewhat difficult; and in the seventies Alsop also missed, him. Bar these errors I have nothing down against the M.C.C. crack, and it was hard lines to have to go when only seven were wanting to complete the three figures. Nine fours are credited to Brace. At the fall of Bruce the board read 1—93—148, and Pery? t man joined Graham. The latter kept on [ until he had realised the fine score of 11$, ' and I have noted in his favour some of the sweetest cuts forward, square, and late thai I have seen for a long time. Like Brace, he was indebted to the leniency of the field, Osborne missing him at 49, and Quirk at 82.. He made one or two uppish strokes in the slips, indicative of lack of timing, hut taking his display from first to last, it was of a most entertaining type, his off strokes especially being at times so forcible that the fleetest fieldsmen would not have the ghost of a show in a race to the boundary. It was quite interesting to watch the lookers- on counting every run made by Harry while oh the way through the fast ten of tire century, and when at length he Teached the coveted number ail hands went together in recognition of his achievement. Graham bit 15 4's. Peryman's 19 were not made in hia best -form: hg was smartly oaught at the wickets by Johns off Meares. TL Trumble contributed 55 hefora falling a victim to one of Alsop'a deUvefie% Hughie made some beautiful off strokes,Vnt this doesn't apply to the off-stroke which Sutherland tried so hard to collar with bis left,! Hughie had then got about 20, but toe chance waa decidedly difficult. Quirk was the howler. I fancy Quirkis something like myydf—a head bowler. J3e evidently said Hughie in the flight. In ^composing 36 not out Byd.Honahoo showed fonnhttaooord with that which has stamped his tdty ever aim* the season opened. -He, however, might have been btid in the attps at Sfi. Some ofhia strokes were admiraWebolhlor power andexoeBenoe of execution. Bob IfTjeodresumes to-day with h oot outdo fcte name. Amongst the University lock. I noticed the president ,—^ M.C.C. amongat the few who watrhi th® play. Mched th« St. Hilda carried their score of om , wickets to 325 aii out. The pitch 1 7 in better condition than on the fi*9 ^ Ahern (18 not out) and Dunion (25 »i 6y' resumed their positions, and off Giltoi 9ul) l)all the nsnaliy reliable Smith mi™^ chance of catching Duniop. The ItuSl l 4 ever, benefited little by the let-off he had added 5 to his 25 he made a mias-tot 5 Oilier and was easily held bv Harrv TV« George Palmer got home to Hoxhaira timW. first pop, and Fenton, the last man ^ badly rnn ont after Bhaping fairly fAr ,7 Ahern's 42 (not out) was a creditable frail tion. marked by some nice off-strokes. sS opened their innings with E. Barrett and I K. Clarke, and the astute old M'Sliane, aided and abetted by his catSL' put into operation the old trick of crotch in the field upott Clarke, who was Ct l* etonewalling. The issue of theee tactics »«. fatal to Clarke, who jumped out at one nf Mac's slows and played if on to his wicC Harry Trott, when he bad made only 6 a very easy chance to E. Keogh, at p!U, deep square leg, off Fenton. but, to the di£ may ot bis comrades, Keogh let the ball dron after having it well in his bands. Therm next over the Southern skipper was again la off, this time by Boxshall at the wickets off M'Sliane. The ball cannoned off' the gloves very nearly into Williamf. hands in the slips. Two overs later Ham was again missed at the wickets by Borstal! at the expense of Fenton. Boxshall, hov. ever, did bis best to make amends for prior remissness by stomping the S.M. skipper beautifully off H'Sbane. Harry jumped ont to drive, and, though be was very quick in getting back, Boxahall's flashlike action won the palm, and " Trptty" bad to go for a modest 16, made not with the cus tomary absence of blemish. Tatchell was seen to eminent advantage for his 27, his strokes bong aa true and finished as could possibly be desired. Four or fire " chainers" figure in bis artistic compilation, which occupied no more than 15 minutes. After bis excellent essay he had bad luck in playing hard on to his pad, the ball re bounding to the wickets and dislodging the bails. The ball was well up and a beauty to drive, so that it makes Tatchell's luck all the harder. George Gordon had a try for the South, but paid the usual penalty for an agricultural "go" at a straight one. The feature of the day was the atand between the doctor and George Palmer, who between them took the wore from 90 to 190. Tbe doctor then succumbed, caught at cover by Hatch. He played correct and attractive cricket for 67. Giller joined Palmer, and Wilson went on with fast round-arm, something after Ingleton's style, and Palmer bad the misfortune to chop the first ball hard on. George had played a very fine inniogs for 61, his on-plsy being epeciftUy good. Giller shaped like a cricketer for 14) not ont, and he resumes to-day with Sam Morris, who has 8 to his credit. The South record is 210 for 6 wickets, so that if the weather and wicket be all right there is every prospect of an interesting finish, thanks to the fine atand by tbe doctor and George Palmer. The St. Hilda bowlers, M'Shane and Fenton, worked well throughout. North Melbourne and IlawkBburn bad pretty nearly a neck and neck ran in the first innings, the former making 1T0 in reply to the HawkBborn set of 170. The chief scorer for North was Maplestone, with 45, made in his characteristic vigorous manner, and those who merit mention for rendering efficient assistance are J, Carlton (31), Wangk (26), and T- Pox (14). Walton secured 8 wicketB for 89 off 340 balls. If yon did not know that gonnd batsmen are to be found is the ranks of Hawkabnm you would nerer have guessed it from their Becond innings, which belongs to the class of exhibitions known as *'a procession." The only bats man, indeed, to make the Bemblance of & stand was C. Begg, who contributed 17 to the miserable total of 42. Tbe j bowler who wrought tbis sad havoc was J. Carlton, and it is due to him to say that he was in rare bnckle. He srnt dovn | €7 balls for 22 rans, 4maidens, and 7 wickets I M'Clelland, a Irowler from the second eleven, j took 2 for 30 off 66 balls. North Melbourne i wanted 37 itraa, with nearly 25 minutes to j make them in, but though each man went | in for a bang, the record at call of time was only 31 for 5 wickets. So instead of j being fully played oat the match stands as a i victory focNorih by 6 runs on the first I innings. At tbe second try Maplestone rattled up46, which included a hit right oh ! to tbe pavilion roof, the result being damaged slates. I should also mention that in tbe ! first innings the winning hit was a fiver by I " Mape." In the second innings of North O'Connor took 8 wickets for 11 runs, and ! came, off the pitch very much faster than u I tbe first innings. ■ Tfce Jolimontern did not put up a snrprisiitt total after all, for 473 is no great shakes whs only four down for 32L Of the 152 dis tributed between the seven blue and whiten who handled die willow on Saturday, Percy Lewis alone in credited with 65, which, added to his 156 not out on the first day, giyalHO tbg capital aggregate of 13L In all he bit twenty-two 41s, and for tbe final portion « his innings he made the pace even hotter : than 4pn tbe first day. I find that he gaves change at fhe wickets between 80 and w and this eppeam to he the only chance « gave during histtprling and attractive die play. Notwithstanding this fine score Percys pennant average is now only 102 rnns per innings. Pete M'Alieter, who played a new and- steady?, gam* for 30. was a «» bit disappointed^ with tire decision sgaiopt biro. - Vsntin totted np ® ^giasar4l,Ms, indodmgjwo grand strokes.for Jve ethh and two fourera Costt)lopli06|i.lO (ootfrt) tohts n6rae,snd Chryata! u, reappstblefora fwr 22, marreOflr one oiisnge, hat singularly unlucky m^ SamM'Mi^ael. ran out Schar took 2 wickets for 37 off 41 Mle. Twentymbn 8 ior tbfe; m \- Wt] ' Knt hatsi»WibJ score and set as be jjcea forw*^, ^bnlyp ptroi bim to go to the right-about, but to the error of judgment he referred in a " mild, calm, Berene" fashion, BuggeBtive of complete Batiafaotion with all men, in cluding the umpire. Undisturbed repoae of mind and double-century scores run together. An interesting item was the re appearance of Worrall in the arena, and he B00n showed that his form was all right, for he started like a man who saw the ball all the way, and knew how to get it on the full face of his hat-blade. He made 75 by strong and attractive play, and his score contains eight 4's and a fiver in the old Bpot Gregory got him with a good 'un. Hannah added 20 to his 66 (not out), and his play was as sound as on the preoeding Saturday. Anderson played freely for 36, and the innings closed at last for 543. Gregory took 4 wickets for 118 off 216 balls. Richmond have lost one wicket lor 8L Haddrick was bowled by Hannah for a well got 23; and Wade and Green continue to-day with 38 and 20 re spectively. The RichmonditeB batted well. Essendon, who had 70 up for two wickets | in their second innings, against Hawthorn, carried their score to 157 for five wickets, and won the match with five wickets to spare. H. Christian played a telling game for 44 not I out, and was clearly the hero of the match, for in addition to his batting he captured twelve of Hawthorn for 57. The second | eleven of Essendon also won their match, heading Hawthorn by 75. It will be remembered that Williamstown i had lost seven for 70 in their Beeond try against Port Melbourne. The remaining] men added 43, Emmerson making 19, Kennedy 10, and Henderson 15 not ont. i Swain bagged five wickets for 25. At their second attempt the Ports went down before Hannah and Bowser like grass before the "si." Bar O'Hara. He put up 23; th°n come four ducks, then 3, then a duck, then I, then another duck; then as many as 4 not out, and Swain winds up with 1, making in all a total of 33, inclusive of one bye. Where are all the Keleherian smiles now ? Hannah secured five wickets for 18, and Bowser four for 14. Williamstown gained a well-earned win by 43. Brighton totted up 309 against Coburg, and the chief performer is Bculke, who took his score to 149 (not ont). I noticed his bat ting and Moon's last week, and there is no thing to add with regard to the remaining Brightonian batsmen in the first innings, ex cept that Vindy got 22. O'Shannessy took 3 wickets for 75. With 6 down for 141 at their second try, Coburg "declared." Patterson got 48not out, including a "lifter" out of the ground,and other doubles are O'Shannessy (23), Morton (19), and Watt (20 not out). Thompson took 4 wickets for 52. In the time left for play Brighton lost 5 for 49, Beulke (not out 15) and Moon (15) again ap pearing to advantage. Four wickets fell to Patterson for 18. Brighton won on the first innings by 26, For Christchurch Union against St. John's, in Warrnambool, W. Greenwood got 74 not out, and took 3 of St. John's for 23. The Johannesburg Times mentions that A.1 E. Trott is likely to take up his abode in that city, and an old East Melbourne man, writing to Mr. Manning from Johannesburg, says "I hope it is correct, as we are badly in need of some good men here, and a good alt-round man like A. E. Trott will be a boon to us. I; have been a member of the Wanderers C.C. since I left the East Melbourne, and the poor bowling in particular here made me long for a good practice on the East Melbourne turf again. We have no turf here; it is all bard, red ground, so. we play on matting. There are a few good bats, but, compared- with Australian bowling, there is hardly a decent bowler in the Transvaal. I think the East second when I left would stand well against any team here. We have one really good bat and wicketkeeper in Halliwell. At present we have to put up with many inconveniences ; no lockers, no baths, no system in onr practising. A step in the right direction is to get over a good man like A. E. Trott." Mr. Manning assures me that A. E. Trott has not the slightest intention or going to Johan nesburg. And so say all of us. " It's a funny game is cricket." This was old Sam Cosstick's favourite exclamation when things turned out " the other way." I thought of old Sam while I was looking on at East Melbourne v. St. Kilda on Wednesday. To tell you the truth, I was 9imply thinking of nothing at all, when who should burst in upon me like a Crystal Palace illumination upon a surprised and delighted audience? It's no use of your trying, you wouldn't guess it in one hundred. And yet in the words of the immortal, if you "give me leave to speak my mind," it was simply "Jack Ferris," he who has home the burden and heat of the day for Gloucestershire ever since he went borne to throw in his lot with the champion about five years ago. I remember well the occasion of his departure, when in the M.C.C. pavilion the assembledmembersdranktohis jolly good health with three times three and one cheer more for the fine young cricketer who was Gent on his way by the stirring and eloquent words of the president of the M.C.C. To me it seems but yesterday; the whole thing is printed on my brain, even to the very words that I wrote about his "setting sail in the Maesilia for the home of the brave and the free." Well, he has come bapk after the lapse of five years, and I tell you in plain words he looks the same old Jack, perhaps a Ghsde thinner, but with that hearty English colour which is born nbt only. of Devon cider and Yorkshire pudding, but of every county of England bar the metropolis itself. Jack would like to play tor New South Wales very much, and, so far as I can father, the Victorians will not offer toe slightest objeotion. He, I understand, is staying at Brighton with Mr- Norman Menzies. Bnd if it could be arranged he would stay in Melbourne until the Sydney fellows come over. 1 feelsnre that so far as Vie torians' are concerned they would be only too glad to do all they oouid, and if I place matters rightly, the only 'tiling wanting is to hear the views of theseleotion committee of the New South Association. * J? patting With; Jack 'IJtefns, I gathered tout lie has a very; h&h.opiniqn; indeed of young TownsendjiqeGIoAoesteiighire bowler, tie has a wonderful break from leg, and, according to' Ja$pl IplMwi* * Wgh action, but the ball nppip ;theiesakeeps low, and comas offthp pltoh with fatal haste, lownsend pan also' work from the off, and u about; el* feet apdJaokreokons him one pf the "unnest men playlpg oridkeb He is a son of am1 i-ownsencl, tbe veteran of Giopoester ahire oounty. - „ - ni^ed Jack Ferris.fcpw.it was that he die) h?« ma^eWay tp;tba ;M,0;C,1 ground on iff* nni;^' 'aoogmwHl that the cause was the Eu*t Melbourne on Wed-, ran#™' t&1?. WAtph isworth nOting by I ig tYVikU wun»Hi bviivl O-. a*ot*< «t JSI reauwstt t£em «, ff8' on?,of' ■nem a fat aide; - worth si* any (Jay if the pitch had been in the centre of the turf.' The remarkably fine form of this player Is worth study ing by the selection committee. The St. Kilda total was .137, and in addition to Wilson," 0'@rady got 18, Forbes 13, and (ireaory ilO hot out, FOrbes, who Jb'. none other than "Tracker," was sold in the flight of Percy Lewis on a sticky wicket. A. E. Trott took seven wickets for 41,, The match between M.C.C. and Private Schools, on Wednesday, was of the most pleasing character, despite rain and a bad wicket. The schools realised 147, and the M.C.C. lost seven wipkets .for 118. For the former Barry (40) and Thompson (20) batted well, and I hear that Barry is likely to be chosen in therfiratof-South Melbourne. Thompson iis a son of the old favourite Mr. Johp Henning Thompson, of the Kew High School. Dr. Crowthet spoke at the luncheon of the excellent effect resulting from matches of this character, and it is believed that the M.C.ti. will extend to the private Schools the privilege of special tickets in recognition of cricket worth, much in the same manner as they have done in the past with regard to public schools. 1 should mention that the M.C.C. had the worst of the wicket, and that for them D. M'llwraitb (33) and Tom Trumble (28 not out) batted well. The following Sydney players have left for a trip to New ZealandA. Furness, F. Ridge, F. Burton, S. Callaway, S. R. Walford, L. Poidevin. M. Shea, F. Wade, D. Pryor, L. T. Colcroft, R. Noonan, G. Hume. For Paddington against Burwood Alick Bannerman made 122 and A. Mackenzie 155 out of a total of 377 for three wickets. Both played excellent cricket. North Sydney and East Sydney ran it close in their first innings, the former making 222 and the latter 216, Charlie Turner, for East Sydney, batted briskly for 31 not out. For North Adelaide C. Hill got 157 against Norwood out of 309 for five wickets. Messrs. Brace, Laver, and H. Trott have been appointed by the Victorian Cricket Association to pick all the intercolonial teams for the season 1S95-6. The Curlews Cricket Club and members of the orchestra, numbering about twenty- five, had a most enjoyable outing to Healesville on Saturday and Sunday. Leaving town by the 1 o'clock train on Saturday, they reached Healesville at 3 p.m., and put up at Burt's Grand Hotel. Donning their flannels, the team and friends found their way to the ground of the Healesville Wanderers. The visitors batted first, and put up 85. Maloney retired for 42, got in his best form. W. Blair, 16 (not out), and H. Blair 15, also batted well. Allen and Perry did the bowling for Healesville. The local players totted up 45 for four wickets. Thorson and Fitzpatrick shaped best. The bowling of Kraetzer for the Curlews nonplussed the batsmen owing to its mixture of pace. He captured 3 for 13, In the evening a concert was given by the Curlews in the Hecreation-hall to a full house, and the various items were thoroughly appreciated. On Sunday a glorious day was passed picnicking to the Black Spur, and on Sunday night the tourists returned, after a most agreeable sojourn amongst the mountains. Mr. A. Kraetzer and Mr. W. J. Jones deserve thanks for the prominent part they took in making the . trip, so very pleasant. It appears that Mr. G. M. Evan, of Ade- j laide, who was understood, to be the most favoured candidate for the post of manager j of the next Australian Eleven, has with drawn, and that Mr. H. F. Boyle has an ex cellent chance of being selected for the posi tion. For Wellington against Derwent Kenny Burn got 121 and L. H. Macleod 116 out of a total of 417. The Boag Medal, for highest average in representative Tasmanian matches, has been j presented to C. Eady, of Hobart. Judging by the heavy rain and threatening | aspect of the heavens last evening, bowlers ; ought to have a good time if the sun comes j out to-day. 1 