Shrouded in Mystery OR. Which Girl Did He Marry ? By Skipp Borlase, Author of ' For True Love's Sake ' THREW LoVtLY \\\'OV.» -'?' 'DARKE* Ihan Death.' ' An Ocean Fkcrkt ' ?? lil'.CALLKD TO l.U'K.' ' lllCHlita TO JJUJN.' 'Who Killed Jons Oameuon V '1hi5 Police Ji'INIETER.' ETC. CHAPTER IV.— (Continued. BOSS'S 6TIH STUAVOER CONDUCT — WHAT BUB 6A1D ON HBH WEDDING MOBNING. So Rose continued to have all the finery spread out before her, and pretended to feci an interest therein, which anyone a single degree more shrewd thaa Mrs Radcliffe would have detected as counterfeit almost immediately. She did not, however for, truth to tell, she was playing a part as well, and whilst pre tending to be gay and light-hearted, sbe wasf taothcT like, thinking more o£ the daughter who was wedded to wretchedness and poverty than of the one who was about to be united to position and wealth. Presently her oent-up feelings found vent in words, and stie exclaimed, involuntarily as It were—' Oh, if my poor Ruth were only here and going to be one of your brides maids, my happiness and contentment would be complete — Complete' ' 1 'don't think Iters would be, and papa in the way— that is, unless all was as it was — before — you know what I mean? ' yes, darling, I— I meant that, of courac ; for oh, *u-» he will never forgive her, and 1 shall never Bee heT more.' 1 u Don't make too sure of that, mother. Her ! wretched husband will drink himself to i death, and then she will jbc a widow. Papa j will find it easier to forgive her then — and— »nd we shall be happr again.' j Mrs Radcliffe started, looking at her I daughter keenly, and exclaimed— I 41 How do yon know that he drinks ? How do you know who he evon i* ? Your papa and I have striven with all our combined , energies to save you tbe shame and disgracc : of learning anything about tbe matter, and they played their infamous game so secretly that even tattling Rochdalc got little or no inkling of the scandal. Yon have Been your sister 1— she has come to you I Oh ! for pity's sake tell me all about it, Rose, for whatso ever she has done she is still my darling child.' ' I have not seen her/' retorted Rose, almost hysterically, whilst two or three tiny beads of blood formed on her upper lip where she had bitten it. 41 The fact is, mother — mamma —she wrote me— a letter, and in it was what I have told yon, and mnch more too, but she pleaded that I should show it to no one, not even to you.' ' Thai was cruel of her, for she should hive known that a mother's love is even greater than * sister's ; but what was the much more that sbe told you? Was she in poverty, in want— oh, tell me?' 41 She was not happy, but, on the other band, Bhe did not seem to be tery miserable . Her grief was mainly about how she find left you, and concerning what «kc had done before going, and next it was connected with her husband, who drank deeply— and frequently very nearly poisoned himself, when in his cups, with arsenic, which he was taking for— for some sort of skin disease. She was fearf nl that he would really do it some day, and — -perhaps wry too*' ' This is a strange tale that you tell me,' said Mrs Radcliffe with a troubled and half frightened look. 'Bat bi«t, dear ; we roust talk of other matters now, for time files, and here comes your maid to dress you,' CHAPTER V. TUB JJIirDEBMAIDS' OFFSUTSOB ANZ- THE bride's bemarkable EMOTION. The bride was dressed all in good time, and very lovely she loked inher 'powder, paint, and patches.' all of which were con sidered essential on such an occasion, no matter how fresh and youthful their re cipient might be. .... When she was ready she washed into the adjoining fitting-room by her proud mother, where four bridesmaids were waiting to receive her and to offer her their congratu lations and their presents. They also wore powder, paint, and patches, pinched-in waists, and immense hooped ekirts, huge ruffles at their elbows, and an abandance of flounces and frills on dresses of every conceivable color. Little hate of the size and chape of son flowers were perehed atop of their towering peignoirti and their corsages were cut *o low that their bosoms were almost wholly re pealed. in fact, they looked like pretty Dresden chiaa figures. But they gushed in tbe most luiman and feminine manner possible, for a bride and a babj are always con eidered meet objects for idolatry by females of whatever age. *' Rose, darling,' exclaimed Sylva Brierley, ** here is a crooked halfpenny that has been In our family for seventy years ; accept it, dear, as a sure protection against tbe evil eye and the evil wish.' And here is a little bone that w&g; found In the heart of a lamb, no longer back than ? last week. See, pet I have bad it polished and enclosed in amber aud silver, so place it against your own gentle heart., and for ever keep it there, for bidden in such a spot it attracts good and repels evil, and no false .boggart can hurt or terrify.' This from Enniel Waugh, a magnificent Wende, who knew that tbe new home to whiefc BoBe was about to be taken housed the most £®rfully renowned boggart in all Lancashire, except, perhaps, tbe black and headless dog-of Preston, and so sbe had been at great pains to obtain this counter spell against its malignity, ' Accept from me, sweet Rose, this box of fairy butter, which was gaafeered in the saw pit of the old timber yard in Church Stile, last full moon, after the good little folks had finished their feast at the bottom. Fairy butter will avert a threatened calamity, and none of ns know how near we may be to one,' eaid Kaconer Nuttall, a tall and stately brunette, though the latter fact could only be gathered Irom her eyes. « And please to sccept from nw, dear, this little Bible, which I think you will find a yafpr *nd sorer guard agsinst evil than any thing else that 1 could have brought you,' ?aid gentle Lois Lireey, as sbe, itifce fourth and youngest of the bridesmaids, .tendered her jgif t in turn. Bose lUdcliffe placed it hastily down «n ; flfaj. table, as though it was hot and had fcurnt her fingers. Then a shudder ran through her exquisite frame, and, seeing that it was observed, she said nervously — '? 1 can't fccip it. I suppose someone is walking over the spot where my grave will lie, 'lis said Chat that's what's always happening when any-oe^ shivers in warm weather. Well, dears, S thank you all for your presents, and pray, doire look &a; con cerned, for there's really nothing the matter with me. 1 went down to peep at the flooded ' river late last night in my dressing gown and slippers, and 1 think have paid che - petuliy with a cold, A shiver to a tipn cd a cold, von know. ' Oh, don't let us balk of that dreadful river,' observed Sylva Brierley, who was thirsting to do so nevertheless. 11 1 declare I shall never be able even to look at it again without shuddering, after what took place last night. Ton may £hank goodness tbat you saw nothing awful, ttose, for if yon had you wouldn't be in a vary fit state to be married this morning ! ' M Gracious me, and what toot there to see ?' demanded the bride, now more agitated than .ever, M Don't tell her.' «»\yhy did you broach such ft subject, «jWa/' ' Oh, how very inconsiderate of you.' These exclamations from the three other bridesmaids, fcnt Hiss Brierley was a regular little gossip f aad longed to make public her entire budget of -s£ormation. 6hc therefore said deprecatingly— - ?'I'm very sorry 'or «lip °f the tongue, but now that I've unwittingly let out so tnnch, che may as well know all, lycLI.dear, St is the strangest story that yoa erer hoard, and tins is it. A young lady, mounted on a brown horse, and quite alone and unattended, arrived at the (Old Pack Horse Inn in York shire-street about nine o'clock last evening, ?engaged a bed there for the night, and, with out partaking of any refreshment, or saying ?where ehe was going, or what time she would -be back, wandered forth into the town. No «one could get even so much as a glimpse of |^x froe, benftwe of tho broad- biinuned,h*t| and the thiok black veil that she wore. Well, ]-oor dear, she never came back to the inn at all, bnt at davbroak this morning the black lint (Duchess of Devonshire shape, you know) with tbe veil still attached to it was booked out of the river, a long way ('own the stream, and two hours ago was '.xposed for identifi cation in the public market. But, lor, it was all to no puriiose, for no one oan hazard even a guess who she was, and it looks very much as though sbe had comc to Rochdale on purpose to drown herself. 1 believe that the river is to be dragged, from Tyrone's Bed to the old bridge, for her body.' ' 6j-lva, look what you've done,' exclaimed the other bridesmaids, in a Bbrill cboruB, at this juncture, at the same time springing forward to catch llcse, who had closed her eyes and now fell into their arms in a Poor Sylva was, figuratively, sat down npon at once, and Mrs Radcliffe on returning to the boudoir was hurriedly told of what bad occurred, and how it had been brought about. ' Ah, it's little wonder, poor denT, that the narrative affected her so deeply, for it was the notion that ehe heard some hapless drowning creature's cries for help which made her rush down to the river's bank last night, out of this very room. 1 discovered her on the point of fainting then, so sure was she that something dreadful had taken place, and it's by the mercy of Providencc that Bhe didn't swoon whilst re-crossing the garden, and lie out in the damp and cold all night.' At this juncture Mr Radclifte's sharp, im perious voice w'as heard shouting out from the drawing-room door, whicb was on tbe otber side of tbe hall—' Now then, will you women never be ready ? We've all been waiting here a very devil of u time, and I'll warrant the parson's swearing like anything 1 up at tbe church, for be want's to get this job over in time to reach Marland Wood for . the hunt, Comc, do hurry up.' | ' Oh dear, Mr RadclifJe will be in a dread I ful rage presently,' exclaimed the terrified I wife, wringing her hands. ' What tfi-all we I do to bring her round quickly 1 Wc daren't I unfasten her dress or we'd never get it I together again, and water for her face j isn't to be thought of. Mind her head-tire, | or it'll be ruined. Ah, she opens her eyes. Rose, darling, don't cry, or it will spoil your complexion. Control yourself, my child — : for your father is in an awful way, and the I clergyman's in a hurry to be oS hunting. I I've no doubt he's got his pinks and tops on under his surplice oven as it is. A wedding is a trifling thing compared with a fox hunt, in his estimation, Robo.' ' 1 am ready, mother — mamma. Forgive me, my dear friends, for being so childish,' and the bride rose to her feet almost un assisted, but with her beautiful face aB fixed and rigid as that of a marble statue. 11 Mv dear, are you really all right? Are «-/m, cum iVrnt. xrnn nan an tVirnncrli with it gracefully ?' ' Quite 6urc, mamma, even on thcBe high red-heeled shoes, though they feel uncom monly like stilts.' Yet, although she spoke lightly, Rosa RaJcliffe looked like one who had braced herself for some mighty effort, which she would have just sufficient power to carry through, and no more. Her bare and snow-white chest rose aud fell as though she was out of breath with running, whilst her face was as calm as the waters of Marland. Mere when not a breath of air is stirring, as she quitted her boudoir at the bead of her four bridesmaids, with Mrs Radcliffe bringing up the rear. A buzz of admiration rose from the assembled guests as the cortege entered the, drawing-room, where Sir Harry Howarth | advanced with his three-cornered cocked bat tuckcd under his left arm, his lace ruffles drooping from his wrists, and raising his j bride's finger tips to his lips, he kissed them ere conducting her to a seat. At the same moment Mr Radcliffe gave utterance to a snort, and then to a half -angry aud half » puszled — 'Eh, what the devil 1' and striding cp to Rose he stared her hard in the face, while hie own deepened to the color of boiled beetroot. But when she smiled upon him and said » Well papa, don't 1 look very nice ?— ifl there anvthuig the matter with met ' he rejoined confusedly, 'Nothing, my dear, and 3 on certainly 'do look nice. I give you joy.' He would then have kissed her on the face, had not bis wife, brave through her agony of fear that his invariably hearty salute might leave a mark or displace a patch lugged him backwards by his coat tails — a liberty at which he was 60 astounded that he subsided quite hopelessly into a chair. AU this while tbe tuneful bells of St. Chad's were ringing their merriest peals, and all Rochdale was wending its way towards the churchyard ; the women attired in their best gowns, clean check aprons, coarse russet skirts, black worsted stockings, clattering clogs, and with gay handkerchiefs covering their heads and tiid under their chins; whilst, the men mostly wore velveteen jackets, fustian knee breeches, and felt hats, tor trousers were the invention of almost a century later. Amongst these the weavers could be dis tinguished by their blue and black striped aprons, whilst tiie sc&riet; cloaks of tbe elderly daines brightened up the pcenc most wonder fullv. Under the porch tbat then enclosed and o'er-topped the churchyard gate with a picturesquely carved pent honse roof, a bevy of pretty little girls, bareheaded, barenecked, and carrying baskets of flowers, were im patiently waiting to strew their sweet spring blossoms in front of the bride as she approached the sacred fane ; and the bine jaoketed, brass-buttoned Grammar School bovs were piayjn^ leapfrog over the tomb stones until the time c$n?e when they should form in line on each side of the church porch with their invariable petition of-r' please to remember the Latin lads I' CHAPTER VI. THE WEDDING, AXD DOCKING A UUPPOSED OLD SWEETHEART AT PACEEB SPOUT. Meanwhile the bridal party issued forth from tbe House in the Wood, and three minutes later was ascending Packer-street, the gentlemen almost as gay in their gold laced coats, colored silk and spanglcem broided vests, smart cocked hats, powdered tie wigs, and with enormous nosegays in their button-holes, as were the ladies in their raiubow-hued dresses, immense fardiDgales, towering peignoirs, and abundance of flowers and feathers. There were twenty couples altogether, and they walked arm-in-arm, the gentlemen with their toes very much turnoa oyt, tljeir dress rapiers glittering at their left hips, with the sheen of their cut-steel hills equalled by that of their wearers' great silver shoe buckles, and eclipsed by the sparkle of the diamond-buckled garters that redded their silk hose to their velvet small cloth ee. At the bead of the procession three fiddlers scraped with more teal than strict regard to timcj /' ffatfe to the Wei ding' and so light were the #r-lrit£ of even old folks in those days tb»t now p^d then one of the couples would breajt into asott of tripping dance, and the example would bccome highly infectious. Sleanwhile, all the way up Packer- street the inhabitants leaned over their half-doors, oj' leered out of their little pokey diamond panel wiCunTB. and tbe Fl-ing Horse and the Golden isesl Jnns sunt out quite crowds of early customers, U, tyave glasses and pewter mcasu-CE on high, and dfiuk health and happiness to the bride and bridegroom. Tbe solitary draper's stop ;in the town exhibited Utile else but wedding favors, and, tbey dropped f rom the entire length of tbe , female barber's tri -colored pole ne?t door, whilst shouting urchins had manufactured mock ones out of paper, and strutted about with them Btuck in their caps, if tbey possessed any, or else in their shock heads of hair At length the famous flight of a hundred and twenty-two steps was reached, ' the heartache as tbey were often called, and there was no dancing and skipping up them. At last they were surmounted, however, and the path rcaebed Ahfct branched away on the right towards the church, &cd; which for a brief space was roofed over in a very , quaint and picturesque manner. At this point the bevy of pretty little white-robed, bare-necked, and bare-beaded girl6 began to strew the bride's path with flowers from out their baskets, and a mighty 1 cheer arose from tbosc wbo had assembled 1 in the churchyard or scrambled on to the low roofs of even tho hearse and the eharnel houu) thus creating, as it were, a link between in triage and death. Bat such K&s; £he general hilarity and good humor that the veiy ^atr.hroan, acting on his own responsibility, set £/ee £ rascal who bad been put in the stocks, tfhich, stood just on the outside of the churchyard ' wall; for being fosnd sleeping in an empty bouse in Church Lane ; he, the watchman, thinking, no doubt, that all Rochdale should rejoice on such an oocasion, and that even eucIi an outcast should not be begrudged a peep at so lovely a bride and so gay a procession. Tbe individual who had been thus released from ' durance vile,' whb a young and good looking fellow, but with an evil, vicious, and dissipated expression of countenance. His diYss was that of a gentleman, but neither his face nor hands corresponded with bis attire, which, good though it had once been, was now tarnished as to its lace, and wine or beer stained as to its material. He looked as though he had not fully recovered from a very recent illness, for he was pale almost to ghasUincss, and there was a strange wild light i& his sunken : This apparent stranger in the place now seemed more anxiooB to get a sight of the wedding eorteg* than were the Rochdalians themselves, for the instant tbat be was set free he vaulted over the churchyard wall, and pushed his way through the crowd by dint of vigorous elbowing, and without the slightest regard for either riba or toes though their stout leather stays (for the manufacture of which Rochdale wa6 then famous, and which were never sold at less than a guinea a pair) made the 6ides of the women almost invulnerable against the former mode of attack. However, the stranger pushed his way j almost to the edge of the pathway which the bridal party were advancing along towards the church, and there, slipping behind a huge sepulchral monument having a stone urn upon ite top (for in tbosc days ; and up to much more rccent ones it was the 1 fashion to borrow our symbols of death i from heathendom instead* o £ from Chris tianity) he waited in evidently a state of suppressed and positively painful excite' meat for the marriage procession to pass him close by, as it was bound to do. First came the little white-robed flower girls, walking backwards and strewing the path with primroses, blue bells, violets, and daffodils as they receded ; then, the three fiddlers, 6craping away like mad ; and next Rose Radcliffe, leaning on her burly father's arm, who, with a face aB red as a boiled lobster, was every minute drawing his huge turnip watch out of its fob, and studying its white dial to see if there was any chance of his yet getting to Marland Wood in time for the fox hounds' meet. 'D. . . hell cat, 'tie she indeed I' suddenly exclaimed a voice from behind the big monument, in ill-suppressed accents of hate— or, at all events, they sounded like such, and the words were heard by and attracted the attention of many. But neither the bride, nor her father, nor even the bridegroom, who with his best man walked immediately behind, were of the number, and the bridal party reached and entered the sacred fane of St. Chad without what would have been a decided unpleasant- J ness, if nothing more or tcor-£, marking its I courBe. I No sooner, however, had the last gay | couple disappeared inside the church porch, j than a yonng countryman, whose ribs the stranger bad Tathcr freely elbowed aud I whose sweetheart's toes he bad furthermore 1 , trampled on, and who had consequently followed him across the churchyard in order to give him a good thrashing as soon as all bad been seen that there too* to be seen, suddenly perceiving a much more effectual way of avenging himBelf than by the con templated drubbing (such way having been suggested by the Btranger's moat uncompli mentary reference to the lovely bride, of which he had caught every word), called out in his broad Lancashire dialect — ' Here's an old sweetheart, by gon^ and as jealous as a boggart, too ; called the bride a hell cat, he did. There's nice manners for you. Say, mates, ain't it Rochdale rule to give an old lover as oomes uninvited to the marrying of his gal to another man a good sousing under Packer Spout ?' 'O' course it be,' came a general shout in reply, for the crowd desired nothing better than some such lark wherewith to pass the time pleasantly whilst the wedding party were in church. So there immediately arose other ories of ' Pack sheetB I pack sheets I ' while a laugh* ing, hooting, and reviling mob quickly sur rounded tbe supposed stranger, who now began to wish very heartily that he had never been set free from the stocks. We say suvjmed stranger, for, in point of fact, he was nothing of the kind. lie knew half the people there, and they would have known him too had be been the same bright eyed, rosy-cheekcd young fellow who had left Rochdale so saddenly andS mysteriously three years ago, instead of the mere ghost of his former self. He made no appeals to former friendships, however, as a means of getting out of the very queer and unpleasant fix in which his conduct and speech had plapcd him, for it was verily ana indeed a Bocbdale custom which tbe young oountryman had referred to. A shilling fine generally procured a re mission of the ordeal, but then a man who Tcsortcd to an empty house to sleep in wasn't at all likely to be possessed of a shilling. No one, therefore, even proposed the alternative to him, and as to his feeble struggles to escape his doom, and the oaths and curses which he freely indulged in, Un served his turn not at all, and, indeed, only secured the prolongation of his punish TBCBt-. He was seized t^pon, overpowered, tied up in a pack sheet, carried clown Church Steps, and held under famed Packer Spout until | he was half -choked and half-blinded by the swiftly-running water, roars of laughter greeting bis discomtiture the while. I At length, panting and breathless, bis face 1 was withdrawn from under the spout, ewaith ings were undone, and he was placed upon his feet. Only, however, to be chased down the ! Qank into Church Lane, with shouts and ! groins, aqd tcyery available missile that : lay handy and was less hard than a ctone or a brickbat. Where he took refuge at last none knew I but many thought teat it was in the hut of | the Ol-i Witch of Packer Meadow. | After he had gone, but not before, the , goBsipB, both male and female, began to ; wonder who he could be, 1 44 'Tis the young spark &b; used to be alter 1 Miss Rose so much a year and a half ago,' muttered one beldame. ' Aye, I've Been 'em together in Lovers' Walk and -Brimrod Wood scores of times,' j crooned a second. ' And I, both a-sitting under the fairy hawthorn tree, and vows always end in nothing that are spoken there.' TJjis -vjtb a solemn beadshake from tbe foufi-b. Rat a fifth said, with a sort of gleeful chuckl'crr 1 'Why, this young loan's shorter fey & hoad than he, and a good deal more like the groom tbat runned away with Hiss Ruth aye, he did run away with her. whatever folks may say to tbe contrary, her own father and mother among 'em. Oh, they tried to keep it precious dark, I know ail about that ; but marriage will out, aa well as murder, and may I never hava a new scarlet cloak come next Rusbbcaring if it balnt he.' '/^O^d-lorios-davB, Gammer Bonghton, 1 can't gawQ^'.thAt nohow, for if 'twere he what Bhou'd he oe a *;ec.\7ling an' swearing at Miss Rose's wedding fur i One pister 'ud be cnought for any one man, 1 should say.' ' But this un beant a bit like Halcamns Greenwood. Why, /t^wasas red as a rose, and this chap is a deal more like a turnip,', eaid an old man who had known Halcamns well. Rut before anyone else could express an opinio at to the Btranger's identity, the bells of St. .Chad's commenced to ring out afresh, thus' announcing that the wedding was oyer, and po'eyeryoije be^an to hujrry up the Chnrch Steps again, hoping Uf'be ^ time to see the Grammar School boys form in double line adown the pathway, and sing in their monotonous kind of obaunt, ' Please to remember the Latin lads' as the retnrniog marriage cortege passed down between them.' [To be Continued Next Wednesday. J A boy of IS was playing with his younger brother and sister on the top of a hill outside t^ie city waUs of Tamsui, in Formosa. He b'ecpjne enyiooo of a silver chain worn by his brother, end a ptruggln epsued for the possession of it. 'Tbe elder tr;umpl)ed, and Sung the younger one down the 'cllft ; then, | in order to hide all tr&ecs; of bi6 crime, he flung his slBter down too. For several weeks I after the bodies had been discovered no I suspicion attached to the young murderer, j as it was believed tbe double fall was an I accident. The father of the three children, however, discovered the chain in a pawnshop, and his 6on ultimately confess ca his guilt. He was thereupon condemned to death, and wac behesded in the presence of an immense mdltitnde of jjeopJe^ wbo execrated him to the tot mbmeuty 