Prayer for Bain. To " OMEGA" PEE FAVOE " W. »nd R. GAZETTE." -o SIR.-The religious instruction you "humbly ottered especially to the Clergy of the Hawk« bury will, I fear, disappoint you in its resulti One of them " humbly "advises that for the preset you confine your teaching to showing your grand mother, or any other inexperienced person, ho< to absorb the contents of as egg by suction at small hole in the end thereof. This, I opini would at least be harmless if the egg be fresh, am is quite as high a lins of tuition as your presen attainments justify. The clergy realize that tbei estimate of your abilities is vastly below yours but they claim theirs is exact, and they point t< the following absurd blunders in your unspoke! «erraon, as proofs. First, your definition o ."prayer" is staggering. You say it is " the com munion by the soul with things unseen." But thi dictionary says prayer is " entreaty," and so yot mix things essentially diverse. You surely woulc not pray to " things." If you do pray to " thing! unseen you should say what sort of things yoi mean, and the clergy naturally should have th« most definite information you can impart. You add that " When the soul feels the consciousness of itself, when it is up- lifted into the regions where 4well the spirits of those who have passed from this mortal state through death unto the real life, and when it feels the benign influences of the Creator streaming upon rt, then, and then only, does it pray." Now, if you allow these words their ordinary meaning, there is no "prayer" whatever in them-no "entreaty." Nothing is asked for. All you say amounts only to con templation. If you " pray" " into the regions of departed spirits," you worship, as the Chinaman worships, .the ghosts of his ancestors, and the clergy of the Hawkesbury will, I suspect, be slow io adopt the Paganism of the Mongolian cabbage trotter, even at your recommendation. Then you are so self-contradictory regarding the charac ter of the Creator, whom in one sentence you repre sent as "benign," and in another as beholding " unmoved," brute sufferings the most agonising. "Your notions are twisted up and tangled just on a point the most important. You should settle it one way or another before you start as a Doctor of Divinity. There isa bad kink, too, in your notions that a "benign" Creator might be expected to torture poor brutes to death with droughts caused by natural laws, but that it would be " fiendish" to,permit such droughts and sufferings as a moral discipline to sinful men to save them from crime abd perdition. Your idea is that the Almighty may cause brute suffering if he ordains it in j natural laws, but if brute suffering is permitted for , the noblest end we can imagine-the eternal welfare of human beings-then the Creator is cruel, and the clergy preaching it are " childish and impious." These words, you see, must be returned to yon, as they describe exactly the rubbish you have written, for, according to your logic, a bullock is of more importance than your brother man, and you would let a man die rather than kill a horse in riding to get a doctor in time. So your creed teaches to pray to " things," and to ghosts, vis, " departed spirits," reckons an ox of more account than a man, and has a deity who is a bundle of contradictions. Let me, therefore, suggest that you read a book you evidently have neglected-the Bible-and if my criticism seems at nil brusnue its style is explained bv Praverhs 26th Chapter, 5th verse. Yours, etc., JACK BLUNT, j October 3. i895 