Horseracing. The rating outlook, sajs "Veuo" {Capri' 1 rornfen), in this district (Bockhampton) is far from cheering. The spread of " grass-fed " meetings in the western districts Is feat driving all the best horses outof the central division, for the important corn-fed meetings in Rock harnpton are too far between to afford anything lite occupation for trainers and horses, and there is nothing to do but leave the dis trict. This is what owners are doing. Already Bloodwood, Ironsides, Nemo, and Rarlston hare departed, and First Demon and HUo will follow in a few days. These horses were among the best in the division, and their departure leaves the district almost bare of race horsed of a good class. It is also probable that others will follow, for the catting down of prize money, locally, makes the inducement for keep ing a racmg stud less and less every year. "With tug prizes there would be the chanoe of good horses coming here from the 6onth, and the owned here coming back again, bat as things are there is no inducement, and it is quite clear that future meetings will suffer, unless something be done to improve matters. Of these grass-fed meetings the Western Champion^ quoted by " Yeno," writes: Grass fed raring has become demoralised to an ex tent never contemplated by the origimil pro moters, and instead of every race ran being contested by riders who race solely for the sport, as a man might play billiards with a mend, for honour and glory, and the cost of the table, the races are run as mere machinery for the owners to'make a haul from their com bined investment in calcnttos, doubles, totalisd tors. and the books. The number of dead horses competing in each event at recent meetings could hardly be credited, and only it happens that the dead are occasionally galvanised into life, to meet some eudden emergency, or that palm oil causes the reins so greased to slip through a rider's fingers, the public would have the plea sure of witnessing only the semblance of racing, no more real than the terrific struggles between play- actors on the stage. 7 The champion is one who "loves and knows." North Bockhampton T&ttersall;'a Club adver tise a - day's racing on December 10. The added money comes to £60, and nominations dose on Friday, 29th (this day), wish the secre tary, Mr. T. H. Tillige. The Mount Morgan Turf Club offer £81, to be ran for on Boxing: Bay." The principal J event is the T.C. Handicap, 25 sots. Nomina- I Hods for this and other events on December 16. The report of Bocfchsmpton Tattersall's Clnb points " with pleasure'' to. a net profit on the year's transactions of £76 10s. 4d. "Weights for the Queensland Cap and Sand gate Handicap, to he nm at the Q.T.C. spring meeting on December 10 and 14, were declared early on Tuesday morning, and on the whole toe handicapner has done his work well. Waterfall, with a pound' more to carry, and half a mile further to go than at Wagga,* is not crushed out, toongh Mr. Oxenham may think twice before sending hi™ up- to hump 9 st. 13 lbs. against horses whose class may be reckoned a good bit higher than that to which toe lot he defeated at Wagga belonged. Trance has re ceived a steadier, which she owes perhaps as mnch to her. eleventh hour withdrawal from toe Southport Handicap as to her merits. • Still toe weight will prevent her bang a very short priced favourite, and a good marker, and per haps a share of the sweep, may induce her owner to ' send his mare to the post. If Oythe were all right he should beat Mr. Thurston's mare at even weights, but I question his ability to pre weight to Avenue, a better, though hardly so "consistent a per former. Chapter and verse could not, perhaps, be quoted to demonstrate Premier a better horse than Clythe, for toe son of Backthorpe has been messed about in the stable and on* fee course. . He has ran - bril liantly when obviously unfit, been ridden most injudiciously, or "eccentrically." when fit to run for a kingdom, but he has given us glimpses or hints of form and class under peculiar circumstances, from, which we are at liberty to draw oar own inference as to his real powers, if not to force our conclusion down our neighbours' throats. Avenue is nicely in at 3 lbs. less, or 9 st. 4 lbs., and Newbold has a fairly earned concession, being dropped to S st. 12 lbs. At toe same weight Splendide has nothing to complain of, but I fear she is not toe mare she used to be, and even at 7 st. 12 lbs. I should not be fond of her chance. On her running since her disqualifi cation I fear she has not toe ghost of a show, and it is difficult to believe that her owner has been waiting so long toes? impecunious times. Tornado is fkiriy well treated at S st- 7 lbs., and Dish Stew may hare a chance, at 7 st. 13 lbs., of a place. 31r. Oxenham's second string, Laura, is a nicely bred one, by 'Niagara— Cerise and Blue, bat has sot yet nm up to the pedigree, though now four years old. At two years old she won once. Last season she ran three times without winning. This year her record is five races and no bracket, bat at 7 st. 12 lbs. she might possibly have a chance. 3I3o's weight won't trouble him. His stable mate, First Demon, has 3 lbs. more than when he won toe 1| mile ICdsnmmer Handicap at the Farm, in 2 mins. 391 sees., on January 1, 1894; he was then fire years old. And though he is not likely to have improved since then, he has no ground for action against the handicapper. Dnke of Athol, Positivist, and Golden Plover are doubtless good horses when properly placed, but nothing accomplished points to either as a likely Cap horse, over 2 miles. Gbdswood. I understand, isnerv backrrardatpresent. Archie's Daughter at 6 stl 7 lben or 11 lbs. under her ■weight for age, is fairly thrown into the handi caps, but though she may have followers, I am not one of them, at all events for the present. The sweep money" may keep the field up to ' the average in point of number. Watafall and Laura are not entered for the Sandgate Handicap, their places bong Idled by Advance and Daxien, while the absence of Posi tivist and Duke of Athol reduces the Sandgate Handicap nominations to Id, or two less than for the Cap. The weights throughout are rela tively the same as in the 2-mile race, Trance, &c; , being raised 2 lbs. Advance end Darien have 7 fit and 7 st. 2 lbs., arid I have a sneak ing regard for the latter, who seemed susceptible of considerable improvement at the late meeting. Waterfall, on his Wagga form, must have a show for the Cup. if he comes up, for granting that Premier, Clythe, Avenue, and one or two others, perhaps, are a long way better than Kinderspiel and Co., who" finished behind Oxenham's colt, they are handicapped quite up to the limit of their superiority, i.e., supposing their form to be 21 lbs. to 2 st. better than the defeated Wagga Cap horses, they, have the weight up, which still leaves Waterfall with a "margin," for he won at Wagga very easily, though the time was really 2.49, notas wired 2.40. "On the chance of his coming up then, I shall include him among the likely lot. the rest of them being Clythe, Premier, Avenne. Newbold, and Tornado. It will be time enough to look for the winner by and-br. The Q.T.C. general entry closed on Tuesday with 112 nominations for nine races, or an average of between 1*2 and 13 per race—nine for the Trial, nine for the Welter, nine for the ■ Doncaster Handicap (two- year-olds), and 19 for the December Handicap. For toe second day's races there are 21 in the City Handicap, nine in the two-year-old Harbrough Plate, five in the Hurdle Kace, and 26 in the Final Handicap. In the two-year-old races there is a brace of new comers, the Archie—Alma colt, Cuirassier, and Lord Baldwin, a brother to Newbold, Ben Bolt, Goldenstonc, &c.; Babel is nominated in the December, City, and Final Handicaps. The "same old mokes" are named for the hurdles—five in each—and the poverty-stricken entry for these jumping races each meeting should' be quite sufficient justification for their withdrawal from future programmes. A weight-for-age race and a selling plate would have been far more attrac tive and profitable items' in this programme. The entry on toe whole, however, must be con sidered highly satisfactory. For the eleven races on the card, including the Cup and Sandgate Handicap, there is a total of 144 nominations, or an average of over 13 per raoe. "Gray's starting machine failed to meet with toe approbation of trainers and others, who critically examined and tested it," says the London SporUman. Apropos, the Sydney J)ailyTelegraph writes ? " Nothing could better illustrate the conservatism of English sportsmen." The English sportsman may, be of course doll and - Hind, "because he fails to see the beauty and adapt ability of any Australian notion, but, «ter «7T, there is something to be «d for him. There has been no starting difficulty m the old country, such as has for years _ spoiled the enjoyment and roused the indignation of the Australian racing public, dashed the hopes.and ruined the fortunes of owners, trainss, and" backers ; and, free from the Australian disease, the English sportsman •may be pardoned if he fails to see the beauties of» or the necessity for, the Australian specific. The starting machine, as worked at Eagle Farm and Albion Park (the limit of my experience of it), is only a partial sue* cess. It is popular with the public, because it . has done away with the vexatious delays at the post, bat it is very very seldom that it despatches its fields on even terms,-or that one or two hcr-es are not left standing, tail first or broadside on, after the barrier has risen. A really good, start, indeed, is the exception rather than the rale. "When one does occur its rarity elicits rounds of applause for the man who Sokes it; An English expert with the Sags, who despatches his horses, when on the more, makes really better starts, more satisfactory to owners^ trainers, jockeys, &c..; than the machine does, and the expert is not the rare bird in the old country that he is here. Under him the delays at the post are scarcely more frequent than with the machine, which, when, smashed, as it often is by unruly boys cr horses, takes a long time to repair, and it is quite the exception for an English starter to ruin a horse's show, even for a short race, by over looking him, and leaving him behind. I am no advocate for a retufn to the old method, for the starting at the Farm the. Park, owing to the complete demoralisation of -the jockeys, before theadoption of the machine, was utterly and hopelessly bad—the worst, per haps, in the world. Nor am I blaming the machine for faults, most of which those who work it are responsible for. hut I want to show that the sneer at "EngKeh conservatism, at least on this point, is uncalled for, and that English sportsmen , *re net to blame .because they fail to admit, on right, the perfection of an Australian invention which mar be a vast improvement on old Australian methods, but which presents no very marked superiority over existing "FnpKah practice. The Tiaro Race Club advertise a day's sport on December 26. The added money comes to between 30 and 40 sovereigns, divided among six races; the big event being the Tiaro Handicap, 11 sovs., 1 mile. The club is registered under Queensland Turf Club rule*, and nominations for all handicap*, except the "Forced,*7 must be in the hands of the local "secretary, on or before December 24, at S pan. At Warwick Farm hue week Jafck the Ripper's sister. Princess, carried 9 si. 7 lbs. into second place in the Farm Stakes, 4 furlongs, won by Nell Gow, four years, 7 sL 2 lbs. There was a big field behind the Qacenslander, who was unlucky to show her hand so soon, after her arrival in Sydney. Her owner is a straight goer, however, and his bold bid for victory may not tell against him m future handicaps. In winning the Canterbury Cup, 2} -mA**, Euroclydon broke the Australasian record for the distance, his time being 3 mins. 57} sees. Up to ibis performance, Dreadnought's Aus tralian Cap in 3 mins. 59} sees, was the record south of the line. Ha jar George (writes the Sydney Daily Telegraph) saya Euroclydon is the best colt he ever came across, and there is no mistake about the time, which was checked by several reliable watch-holders. Good as it is, it remains 2} sees, slower than Sheen's New market record, made when the son of Hampton won the Ccesare witch in 3 mins. 55} sees., the Csesarewitch coarse being 35 yards over the 2} miles. 