SEALED OR ERS THE TRIPLE MYSTERY. This Story is written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Chief Inspector Brynes of the New York Polioe. CHAPTER 1V. THE DOCTOR I THEORY. Bitter, indeed, was the disappointment o the detective when he learned that the very person-in fact, the only one-from whom he hoped to g.ean very necessary and im. portant information in the case to which he bhad beeu assigned was dead. The sealed orders sent to him by Coief Inspector Byrnes, which he had not perused unti be reacnea his room in the Ardiugon after his hasty flight trum New York, and directed him to communicate at once with the mother of Theresa Orlando. The result of tant communcation we have seen. Nothing came from it beyond the slight knowledge of the woman herself wnich Nict was enabled to glean from the short an unfruitful interview. But stop! MUre had come from it. lie had seen enough to establish a conviction in his mind whlcn he was now somewhat reluctant to admit, even to ninielf. First, he had no behef in the theory that the Seuora Orlando .bd died of a broken heart. Htaving himself seen the symptoms whi:h the woman nbd developed only a few hours before her my)serions death he could in no way attribute them to overmastering sorrow. Some other and more powerful agency was at work than that of despair over the loss of a child. He felt confident of that, and he had spent much of the night in thinking upon tae snbject and m developmg his plans for the interview wnich was to nave taken place in the morning. Tnose plans, arranged after careful thought, suddenly tell to the ground, useless and oi no account; but there sull remained to hun the opinion he had formed in the quiet watches of the night, by which he accounted for the physical and mental con dition in which he had found the bereaved woman. It was his thorough belief in that opinion which caused him to make the ,utlo race remark at the end of the preceding chapter. As soon, therefore, as he tinished his breakfast he took his way to the residence - of the family physician-the same one who had been called when the daughter Theresa was found dead upon her bed with the shattered fragments of a wine glass lying upon the floor noside her. Doctor Jerome was a young man, both in years and in professional experience, but his ability was unquestioned, and already he had won an enviable reputation as a skilful practitioner. Bat the detective was destined to disap pointment. When he reached the house of the physician he was Informed that the doctor had gone out a few moments before, and it was not known when he would return. Near by was the house at which Nick had called the preceding evening, and as he in stinotively glanced toward it he saw, in the act of ascending the stone steps, the figure of a man woo was unmistakably a physician. To hasten forward and addrees nun before he had time to press the electric batton of the door was but the work of a moment. "Pardon me," he said to the man upon the steps; "are )ou not Dr Jerome * " "" Ye," was the reply, " and I cannot be interviewed." "Pardon me again," said Nick, coolly; "I am not a reporter, but an olficer of the law," " Ah!" " It you will meet me at your office in an ;or I will not cetainr on now, air." The doctor heatavt.s a moment, thnu ho turned and desoended the steps. "I will go witn you now,' he said, "for unless I err you are from New York, and are sent here by Chief In.pector Byrnes," Nick was surprised, Dut he aid not show it. At the same time he wondered how tmts man, a stranger to hdn, knew so mucn. tie made no reply, and the two men re crossed the street gether, and two minute. later were cluseted in m ? aociora iffix. The detective saw, in the clear-cat leatures, broad brow, and keen e)es of the phy.acian outlinmes of a character in which he beieveed the greatest confidence migut be reposed, and tne outwarA evidence of an analytical mind, which, if oorrcdtly directed, woaul prove of inestimaole benefih to him m the work he had to no. " Doctor, ' he said as soon as they were alone together, "" nefore touching upon ins motive ot my call hare this mornug I wran, in addition to teming you my name and ocupatluon, to request that you wil observe the utmost discrrton-n-y, aoao,ute secrecy -regarding everything which takes place between us." " Certanly, sir. The first thing that a doctor shoola acquire is the ability to keep a secret." ". Uncoubedly." "I wian to say, however, that I have very little timune to place at your disposal this morning.' "My business, doctor, refers to precisely the same thing which engrosses your attention this morning," replied Ni:k. " Indeed! May I ask--" SI refer to the sudden death of Mrsn Orlando." "Ah !" "Doctor, here comes my secret. I am a detective, and I hare been sent here by Chief Inspector Byrnes, of New York, for p which I will not now pause to i'Presumably, however, to investigate certain questionrs whch were referred to your chief the night before last." " You know, tnen-" " I know that much at least." " Taen, after informing you that the name upon the card you hold in your hand is the oe by whichn I prefer to be known for the present, we can proceed at once to busainess." "Certainly. If I know you only as Mr Gregory Green I am not likely to address yon by any other name. "Thank you. May I now aik you a number of question ?s!" "As many as you like." "Did you know that I called upon Mlrs Orlando last evenmg ." "l knew that somebody called; a peras?n of whom we have a very meagre des~nption. I may add that the pohfce are now searchinmg for that uaknown individnual." "Indeed :" " Yes."I "Then some other cause than that of a broken heart is uspected as the reason of Lis Orlando'. death." "No; another cauae is known." "Ah I" "She was Poisonel." The ghost of a smile shone for an instant on the dtective's face as he said, quietly : "I came here for the purpose of making that identical astatement to you." " Indeed ! Then you .i discovered, or at least believed I did, the symptoms of narotic poisoning when 1 saw the unfrtunate womanlsas nght." "You ,houoi have selected my profession, Mr Green." "Pernaps. But tell me, please, how you mde the discovery, and wny onu failed to detect It until too tate to prevent the conse , That is very simply told." "'Evr since the death of her daughter Mrs Orlando has refused to see uaytody eroept her muad. on, I belieove, are the only person with whom she is known to have conversed, although this sudden calamity would indicate--- "' Tnst the suppoetiuon is wrong. " Exactly.' "When aid you last see her, doctor:" "ImmelatSly after the funeral of her daughters." " Hiow did she appear then "Naturally. but, to insist, wal thee anythig in her manuor at that time, or In y r a..ýw sw~ an* a"an sha "wrms toMa night ?' " Yea-and no.' " Will you explain '' "I had a vague idea when I left her that day that she was ill. Her pallor was too great, and the expression of her eyes denoted -er-? " What ' "E~ther incessant weeping, or the use of a narcotic of some kind.' "Ah!' "I adopted the latter theory, believing that abe had merely ought sa lace in its use. The subject was too delicate for me to intro. duce at that time, and I really thought no more about it until last night.' " And then- ' "Toen, sir, I leaped to a decision out of whicn I cann.t argue myself. "That was "That she was poisoned." "Aou! " Understand me; everything in the room where she was found would Indicate that she had merely used the drug for mental relief, and had died of an overdose whach was self-administered.' CHAPTER V. LOOlC AND REASON VERSC5 FACT. Nick Carter left his chair and walked across the room to the window, where he re mained gazing out upon the street for several moments. Tnen he returned, and resumed the conversatios as though there had been no break. " Very much the amine conditions sur. rounded her then that were found in the room of her daughter two weeks ago," he said. " Yes." " But the same drag had not been em ployed"' " What was the cause of death in this case "The active principle of digitalis, or, in other words, digitalme." "Ah I" " The action of this poison upon the human system is always remarkable, and in no two cases with which I am familiar has it pro duced precisely the same effect." " How was it in this case ' "Wait, please. One peculiarity of the drug is that after it has been taken con tinuously in small doses another dose of the same size may prove suddenly fatal. Physi c:a'e, in using it as a remedy, must necessar.ly make a close study of the patient in order to guard against this very point." "Well! "In the cise of Mrs Orlando there had undoubtedly been continuous use of the drug for some time. Who prescribed it remains a mystery which must be solved." " Surely." " It is the last remedy in the world that i, as her physician, would have prescrioed fir her, and there is no doubt in my mind that she took the drug. knowing nothing of its deadly quahities and relying solely upon the judgment of the person who suggested it." " Then, although you state so confilently that Mrs Orlando was poisoned, you are still of the opinion that the deadly draught may not have been criminally administered. Am I to so understand you ' "Again yes-and no." "Pardon me, doctor, but you are rather enigmatical this morning this morning." "No; I am logical." " Let us be consistent." " Above all things." " We know that Mrs Orlando died of poisoning by digitalis, a powder which is easil sclutle in alcohol." " es.." " \Ve now that she might have taken a certain quanttty at stated intervals for some time w.thout fatal resultsa. " Yes." " And we know that precisely the same qci.ti:y taken onuc too often would pro once death, as in her case." "Yes, again." "Tnertefre, unless we can find who the person is who gave her the drug, and un earth o:ne motive for a crime like this. we are forcec to the hypothesis that the case is one of carelessness resulting from inexperience or neh1igence, or it is one of .uicide." "Tirue. Now, doctor, what is your theory ?' ' 1 have none." "Eh ? You said- " "That Mrs Orlando was poisoned. I repeat it. Further than that I do not wish to go." "Doctor," said Nick, after a moment's silence, " there is in every man an inner oonscionsoeas which asserts Itself in spit. of the influence of his own will and reason.' '"I beiere that." "I do not believe that any man who is empanelled as a juror on a celebrated criminal case, can truthfully say that he is witnont prejudice or opinion in the matter.' " Why !" "' Became he has, unconsciously, if yo please, decided in his heart toe guilt or in. nocence of the criminal he is to try." " Wellb ' "Tnere exists in your heart at this Smoment just sucn a sentunent regarding the case we are discussing, and-pardon me--I want to know whati is i." ""Why!" "First impressions are often prophetic. I want to know what your first nimpression I was when you entered that room of death.' "Suicide." "And is that what your inner consciouas ness says to you now ' Yes." ' What was the condition of the room!' "Tnere were no changes that I could "The body was upon the bed, I believe.'" " Yea. Mrs Orlando had retired for the night." ' Hum : That fact might strengthen your theory.' " How so ?" "If she had not contemplated suicide she night have taken the drug before retiring; s i is, she dispensed with the service of ner maid before she swallowed the poison." " True; I had not thought of that." " How long have you been the regular Sphysician in that house, doctor !" "About eighteen months." "You have known the family intimately B in that time ' *" Quite so." "Arguing on the supposition that the hand of an assasin has been at work in the Sdeath of both mother and daughter, have you any cuine whatever regarding the identity of an enemy ! ' "Absolutely none." a "You have never heard a word dropped f which might indicate that such enemy ex isted!' "Never." " Let us refer to the case of the daughter." ° Very well." S" You were ca'led as soon as the body was found, I believe." " Were your impressiaons the same then as in the case of the mother?' " Do you mean suicide 1" " Yes." "They were." "And remain the same now!" ! Certainly. No person of senase coulad a thin othnerwise. There was the vial on the o dresser, the broken glass beside the bed, the \- Bah : any other theory would be sheer "foli nam quite inclined to agree with you." "There could be no otner conclusion r formed by a man of healthy peroeptive Sfaculrties. I go even a step farther.' * "Ah! In whatway!" S "You doubtless know about the death of i Braoyton kAssel. *Corta?nly. ' ": Are ) on also investigating that matter ' " Mot now, certainly. ,, Everybody a?a that Brayton Russell r was mar?ttered." " Way, yeas ' "I do not believe it." "Reaslly Ion do astonish me now, Sdoctor, Ithonght-" S "I know what y t0hought-What STf sthl-a--?" I am firm In the belief that lc..n tllatbbed himself. and that it is as munch a case of felo de sa as the others." "'Humph Why ?" " Murderers don't creep down chimneys like Santa Clans." "True." " There was n 'possible way in which an aesassin could have obtained acoess to Bray ton Russelih' apartment without attracting notice and without disturbing the intended victim." "Granted. Well ?" " Russell was found just as his valet left him. I mean in the same position." " True." "Can a reasonable man believe that a person, dagger in hand, could have opened the door, even with a key, without attract ing the attention of the man who ws sittin~ in his chair smoking? Having gained admittance, could such a person have crept up behind him and have struck the blow without a s ,und to b eak the stillness of teat room? Tne idea is preposterous. R iseell would have asnsed the presence of the iontruder-" " If it was an intruder." " En ? Bah I I have thought the matter over hurs at a time, and only to add to my conviction that Russell was his own murderer." CHAPTER VI. THE RIGHT TRACK. The detective only shrugged his shoulders in response to the doctor's emphatlo state ment "Were you also called there " he asked presently. "You were acquainted with Russell ?' " Very well. indeed." "Intimate ?" "No; we met often in society, but were never companions." "iHe was wealthy ?" ' I believe so." "To whom does his property descend 2" 'To a brother, I believe." "Do you know anything about the brother ?" " No, except that his name is Belden that he is much older than Brayton was, that he had lived abroad for a good many years, and that his fortune was the same as his brother's It came to them by inheritance." 'Have you examined the bottle which was found on the dressing-case in Theresa Orlando's room ?" asked Nick, suddenly changing the subject. " Certainly." " Is there any way of ascertaining where the aconite wasprocured "! " None." " No mark on the bottle Y' " No." "Nor peculiarity of the drug itself by which it might be traced Y' " Eh ? Certainly not." "Are the same answers tot'e made in the case of the digitaline used by her mother ?' " Yes." "Doctor, who was the first to recognize the stiletto with which Russell was killed?" " I.' "Indeed !" "Yes. I recognized it instantly." " You had seen it often ," ' Yes, a number of times." W" here !" "On the table in the parlor of the Orlandos." ' \Vnen did you last see it there ?" " About a week before these events." "Tell me about it." ' ussell, Navarro and I happened to meet there. Russell took the weapon in his hand and admired it and Miss Orlando remarked laughingly that it it were not for the superstition regarding sharp-pointed instruments she would present it to him." " Russell replied in the same bantering way that he would take an early opportunity of stealing it." SWell ? And then r' " It was returned to the table, and for. gotten." " Your theory, I roprse, is that he did take and afterward used it to kill himself eh ?" " Exactly that." " There were rumors of an engagement oetween Russell and Theresa ; was there any foundation for them ? " I behlieve they were in love with each other, but as for an engagement-' " Do you think that they had spoken to gether of love !" " I believe they understood each other." " Do you, as physioian, friend, or man of the world, know of any impediment to a narriage between them ?!' The doctor passed one hand slowly across hba forehead, and did not reply. Nick waited, but the answer did not come, and pres.ently he repeated the question. " Mr Green, since th.t is the name by whicn I know you, said the doctor, slowly, "1I am acquantaed with a secret in the life if Brayton Russell which is involved in the answer to that question. I hesitate to answer, because I am considering whether I nave now the right to reveal it."' "If the secret will tend to solve these mysteries, you are, as a man of honor, bound to reveal it, ' replied Nick, quickly. ' Do you think so' "Yes." "And yet I promised Brayton Russell that Inever would do so, come what might. ' "He could not forceeo an event of this kind." "Perhaps not." "DTes it concern a possible impediment to his marriage w ith Miss Orlando I' "Au actual one." "Ah I' " I will tell you the secret." " Thank you." "Brayton Russell was already a hus' band." " You surprise me." "It is true." "Who, besides you, was or is aware of this ?' "Only three persons in this country know of it ; they were Russell, his wife, and my. self." '" You forgetthe man who married them." " He is dead." " And the witnesses." "One is now in an asylum for the insane ; the other has disappeared." "Tnat is remarwable." "Very." " D.d you ever see Mrs Russell!" "Never." "Nor her picture?' " No." "Where is she now !" "I do not know." "W here was she when you learned the secret !" "I do not know." " How did you happen to be told this fact " "*That I mast decline to explain." " Is the woman alive to-day 1" "I beheve so. 1Of ootrse I do not know positively." '" Do you know of any way in which she can be tonad ." '" None." "Something must have been said when Russell told you this chapter of his life, that suggested her place of residence, or at least a here they were married."' " There was nothing." " Is there a child I" "I behleve not " "Have )on told me all? Do you mean to say that Russel?l told you the bare fact tnat he was a marned man, and nothing more i" "I mean precisely that. You know as munoh as I do uoncerning the matter." "Had his wife ever rvisited him at his apartments at the Cormgton i" * I do not know, but thmk not." " Why!" "Only necause I gathered the idea from the way he spse that she was not and had never been in Washnmgron." " When did Itaisel tell you this story Y' " Auout a week before hus oeath." " D.d no ever refer to the sunoject again ' "Do you believe that he spoke the truth ", * I am sure of it." "You are convinced that this wife exista l" SI am." "Then bshe m-at be found." "sTry to tuan ot 3em woI shent br Russell in that conversation whloh will give us a cle " " I have tried, and it is useless." It is a strange story, doctor." 'Very." " One that is hard to believe." "I believe it." " If she exists she may be his murderer or-' '" I still cling to my theory of ,uicide." "Good. I haven t the slightest ohj- ction. Even then it furnishes a motive for such a d.ed. By the way doctor to change the subject rather ahruptly, was it not curious that Navarro Ru-selh's friend and Agnes Ioez Orlando Tn.reas cousin rhould have been married the same evening thit these c imes-call them hy what name you please -were committed " * Very." SI have examined the testimony taken at the inquest upon R cssell and 1 11 id that 1 Navarro dodged the qi.estion when asked why he had been sent for." " Yes." * Funny that he should do that. Er-by 1 the way. were Theresa and her cousin on friendly terms ?" * Friendly. yes; they were not over de. monstrative, however. I do not think they were fond of each other." "'Navarro called frequently at Theresa's house did he not ?" * Quite so." ' Are you well acquainted with Manuel Navarro " " Superficially only." " llumph I Dctrr I am becoming con verted to the theory of suioide in the cases of Russell and Tnersa Orlando, and to that of accidental death in the case of Mrs Orlando. The double suicide was doubtless agreed upon between the parties, and-" " I am convinced of it." Twenty minutes later, however, when I Nick Carter left the doctor's house he mur mured half aloud : " I am more than ever convinced that three t murders have been committed here, and I I believe I am on the right track." CHAPTER VII. ONE MAN'S INTUITION. "There is more than ordinary mystery ] here," mused Nick Carter, as he walked slowly along the street after taking his leave of 1Doctor .Jerome, " and in order to arrive at a point from which a possible c solution may begin I must do a little systematic arranging of facts, dates, persons, i places, and events. " Furthermore," he adde3, a few moments r later, " in order to cover the ground I shall s need some assiatance, and--" tie paused suddenly, for his thougfit leaped quickly into a new channel; one that 1 pleased him ; one that rendered hunm suddenly 1 nopeful of greater and easier success than he a had before anticipated. G'God !" he murmured, and he hurried t along somewhat faster than before. " The idea is a good one." Then he whistled softly to himself as he c turned into Farragut square and skirted it I in the direction of the Arington. Toe office of this famous hotel resembles a club-room where Congressmen, Senators, s newpaper men, and public characters c generally most do congregate. There is rarely a time when one may nut see prominent I men well known throughout the country sitting there hobnobbing with each other while enjoying the r cigars and daily papers. t A feature of the place is the carriage clerk's desk, and the man who presides over a it has occupttd the same position for so many years that no has become familiar with toe ways, haoits, and associates of almost every r mau of prominence in toe country. I The detective strolled Into the place, and a fortunately iound the carriage-clerk eoujy- s iod a molient ot reep te. Gordon," said hick, 'can you put Pome one in cnarge here tor a halt-hour or no, and a give me tnas much of your time Y' Certainly, ifi ou wishn it" was the reply. SWill you come to my room '" • Yes." SGood. I will expect you." The deective hastened to his room, where. a few minutes later, no wa. joined by I Mr Gordon who wore an expression of per plexity, naturally wounesing wnat tme un usual eqeucat portended. tie was invited to to seated, and then NLi? Went straight to the potut. Mr G.ordeu." no said I nave known of you for a g ?on many years and just now I 1 nod myselt in a poation heale you can be ot the greatest assistance to me. "I am always ready to--" 1 know that. I want some information whi h you can furnisa." I .iu at your service, so long as it does not--" It will m no way conflict with your duty or with any conscientious scruples." ' Then command me sir." "Tnank you. First, however, I wish to say that if I did not oelieve tat I could place ausotute contieceaco m your discretion, andre.y upon you to .orge tsma interview as soon as it ends. I could nut think ot goinmg into me matter upon which I am about to speakL." Gordon remained silent, and waited for the detoctie to proceed. *'If yon will permit," continued the de tective, " I will not go into my reasons for seeking the information I do. You may draw your own conclusions, and probably they wdll not be far from the truth. If you will reply to my questions and then forget that we ever talked together on these subjecrts, it is allI ask." " Very well, asir." '" You know nearly everybody in Wash ington, I am told." I I know a great many people; yes." "Did you know Brayton _tussell 2" "Very weh, inaeed." "For how long 2' "tleveral years ; I cannot say how many. "You have talked with him often ?' "Frequently." ' You were, of course, shocked by the news of his sudden death." " Very greatly." " Do you think it probable that he killed himself 2" "No, sir." " Why '" "I don't know that I can give a good reason morettoan.to say that, witn my know. ledge of Brayton Russells character, I could never be made to believe that he comrmtted suicide." "Good I Now, who killed him ' "I wisth I knew." ' So do L 1 asked the question for the purpose of getming an expresasion of your uuspioona, if you have any." ' I have none." "In your trequent talks with him can you rememtber nothing that was said wnich would indicate the extatence of an enemy who might have done thin thing"' '" Notnlng." ' I am told that he was very fond of society." " Tnat is true." "And of ladies." "It would be more correct to put it in the other way," • "iuw t" "Toe ladies were fond of him." " The translonon is wortny of thought. Are you lram sar with any rumors ehnch connected hie name with t?a? of any lany 2" " Yes." ' Good I Wha: are they ." "lHe was reported ,engaged to Miss Orlando, the lady woo ; Go on. I am curious to learn how you will tinish the sentence," ' \Vno was, I eaieve, also murdered." '"1 snow the idea to be absurd, and yet it is unequivocally my opnoam." 'W ny 2' "1 have no gool reason." ' Did you kLo R" nhr 0" U uly ny 5.gu. "Everytliu g connected with her death pointed to sust d-." " True, but, an my op.nion, that fact ex preeses the doUb;." "It seems to me that the evidences of SRluoide were too tularuy arranSD. o"I have thought. of that -alsJo, Mir "You see, air, it would be ao seasy .to deceive a girl like her, as to the dropa she wra taking." " Ve y true." "Sue might have swallowed the coonite believing it be high colored sherry, or some thing of the kind." "I have thought of another point." " What is thnt I" " Why, if she had wished to commit euioide, ahe would not have selected aconite as the medium." " People nelect queer agents to hring them in contact with death, Mr Gordon." :"That is eo, yet I never heard of aperson who selected the tincture of aconite with which to commit the act; did youe " " I believe she was murdered; I believe that the same hand which slew Brayton Ruseell prepared the poison for her; 1 be lihee the hand belonged to a woman, who must have had an accomulice, and I believe that when that mystey is solved, if it ever is, Wa.hmgoton will be astrtled as it never was before." ' Way do you believe all this 7" "I haven'i a reaon in tre world, air, I only believe it, that is all." " But why do you attribute the crimes to a woman 7' "Because-well, because I believe jealousy to be the motive." (To be Continued.) 