MY TUKEti STRANGE DREAMS. (X-«- York SttnJ. iVopfiunri tin1 query, 'Are there ghosUj?' to 100 adull people, as you come to them in turn, and ninety-live uili return a prompt ue^uiive. Propound the query, ' Js there anything in dnams ' to 1U0 adults, and it is doubtful if one-fifth of them will reply in the utgativt. Indeed, it may safely be asserted that. at. least ninetv-five adults out of everv htiudred the world over have had dreams which were wholly or in part fulfilled. It isn't no very wonderful that the mind should w ander away from it into etning*! realms ; but 'having dreams' and 'seeing ghosts ' are placed so nearly on u. level by blotters that true. And yet uinety-uve per cent of us be lieve io drt'aius, whether we admit it or not. lu my time I have bad three remarkable drcamb. While no more remarkable than hundred ot other* given to tbe public, I would not give them here except they had once been publicly talked dl-out aud criticised, and shown tu lie remarkable. Tbe tirst occurred when I was eleven yeara of aj;e. At tlmt time my father sold Wu farm in Lor din County, Ohio. and purchiiscd auuthcr on I he l*anke of the Ohio River, about twenty miles below C.r uinnati. This was in the cpriug of iSoi, t lid.l u felon on my foot — what is called a ' fro-' filuu '- when we mo veil, and was not Able To be out of the hoiibe for tvo weekfi. I There Mas another period of ten o/ twelve days in which 1 bad to use a crutcb. The back end of our farm touched the river, and was quilo heavily wooded. I wanted to go ciown there, hoy-like, but uas not yet able to do bo, wheu ltd! tuleep on the lounge in ihi? Mttiu^'l'uuin oue rtflernoou and Lid this dream. I dretiinctl of freeing two moo on the river in a *kifi. Urn.- wtu, a heavy-set vil Uiiimi?-loukim: l.-Uuu uilti - it**; cropped hai? awtuhUken.' The other was a ..gLur and ttache. One had on a cap, and the other a hat. The older man hiid a large silver ring oil a riocer of the right band, and he was using the oars. The name of the boat was the Gem. Had I ln-cn wide awake ami looking at the two nifu anil the boat from a distance of live feel I could uot have seen them more clearly. What ewrmed queer to me ia my dream, how i:ver, w.w lbe i^t th*t I cuulJ not htar their voices. I «»? their lij^ iiioa-, but I cquU not catch their tones. The men stood U tided in the moutu of a creek, « here their boat was | hidden by the bushes. When they stepped us bore ihev earned an old- fjUahioncd carpet bag bcttnxn Ibelu. Tiley walked a»*y frum the river inlu the timber until thtv came lo & tree which had been turned up by ilit roots. The caviry thus made was full of dead leaves, and in ihis place they hid the ba^. Then they looked ubout to tix tbe location, and, and rowed away. They were crossing the river when mother called to me and broke nay sleep aud the dream. 1 told her what 1 had *.cii, but die laughed at it. When father came in I told him, aod he was at once interested. He said there was a creek just as I had described, and be be lieved be bad noticed an uprooted tree, and be promised to go to the spot next morning. He was called away, however, and three days later, during bis absence, X limped oat into the woods. I fonnd the creek without trouble, and thence I went straight to tbe up turned tree and found the bag. Everything looked as familiar to me as if 1 bad seen it before. The satchel was not only there, but it was so heavy that I could not lift it. I re turned to the house and told mother, and we took a hand sled down, and in that way con veyed it to the honse. There we opened it and found two bags containing four hundred Mexican silver dollars each, together uitb silver knives, BpoonB, and forks, and some costly jewellery. Father came home that night and at once notified the Sheriff, and then we learned that Lhe plnnder was the result of two burglaries in Cincinnati. A detect ve came down to sec us. He was a hard head, who wouldn't believe in anything he couldn't My description of the men tallied with ihai of two fellows under suspicion, and a watch was at once placed at the mouth of tbe creek. It was ten days before the men returned, and were taken into custody, acd they had not been under arrest an hour when they confessed to tbe robbery. The detective bated to give in to the dream theory, and I think he went away believing I was out in the wood and saw tbe men land. I could no: have walked there to begin with, and mother was in the room all the time I Uy sleeping. It uas exactly as I have told you, aud tbu jeu.-lier scot me down oue hundred uf those bi^ eitvvr dollars to show his gratitude at my recovering $2000 worth of hU property. About three years later I went to visit an aunt in Eastern Kentucky. Ii Mas near a hamlet of half a dozen houses, aud, of course, I soon knew all the people. Fuur or live miles auav lived an old bachelor who was known a* tbe hermit. He was then fifty years old, lived all alone, and people said he bad money boned under his fireplace. He dressed in rags and went barefooted, and was always a subject of remark. My aunt had a farm about a mile and a -ha If from Lhe town, and one afternoon, as I was returning home after making bouic purchases at a store, a man, who sat in a fence corner, called me over to him, aud asked if I knew the hermit. I told him what I knew, and he seemed mud, interested and observed : 'I think be is ray brother George, who left borne thirty years ago, and has oot been beard cA since.' I wfcj a green country boy, and he had no tent. I remembered afterwards of his askiug if it wasn't reported t hat the hermit had money, and of my replying tbat our hired man said Ue bad thousands of dullars hidden away. He asked if I bad ever been to the hermit's place, whether he was known to have a gnn, and other questions which bad no grear Wben I went home, I told the folks about meeting the stranger, but the matter elicited when I went to' bed. I slept with tbe hired man. I was asleep, and had been for an hour, when he came to bed. I was also asleep when be turned out in the morning. Now, then, til at night I bad my second singular dream. Mind you, I had never been to the hermit's place nor heard it described. All at once I found myself in fiontof bU little log house, and I knew that it was bis. Tbe pUce looked poverty poor. I noticed the antf? window iD front, a leach in tbe yard, an old scythe hanging up in a tree, e grind stone with its face broken, and a path leading back to a spring. I was surveying the place bouse and saw a light at tbe window. I climbed over the pole fence and looked in. The hermit was laid doun on bis kne^a, and a man Blood over him with a cluh. They were talking, but I could not hear what they ?aid. That is, while their lips moved, uo eoand reached my ears. I understood, bow met down the road that day. Ue was after the hermit's money, and u-*s threatening his life. By-and-bye, seemingly out of patience, the stranger pave the hermit a blow on the head which laid him out. Just at lli.it moment the clock in tbe cabin struck eleven. Tht man stood for a moment, looked around him At ?f startled, and then began rummaging. H-= took She bed first, but found nothing Then he iyiuJed everything out of an old cheat, looted into a cupboard, and, being still unsuccessful, he went to the door for a, spade leaning agau»»t the logs. With this be pried up the bearlii stones, but no money was to be found. Then he searched tbe body, and two n ght to light a purse with a sm^ll amount of silver in it £ could see that he was greatly put o«t over hia failure, for lie kicked the tvdv at Ins feer several times, inJ slammed things iround with heavy banJ. 1 thick he meant to tire the place, for he was emptying aide alarmed him. He t tar ted up, looked ?tildly aroand, «nd after a minute passed out of doora- He came within three feet of me, and I saw blood on I) is bands. He ran to the fence, spnop over, and was eojo loat ou tbe lTlIe*f?rB?thin»ri did after getting my clothes the hired man. Tln» letter hail been to i lie hermit's pUce, and he iru weU aware that I had not. He began to b:-eer aa I started ro reUtc my dream : but when I began to describe thinns ab he knew they CiisUid, he took a horse and rode over to see a constable. The officer came and Ue&rd; my siory, and then the two rode to tbe hennii/rf pleu;e ;.nd found everything as related. The hermit was »t tir t tsiippOM;.! lo l»e dead, but a. clo.-er exaiuiiuiiou developed filar bitfnfi of life, and the doct&r; who was sent for Kuc&teded; in ic storiaK consciousness alter a couple of *Uy*. J.L irjto to iiud, kuucvei, that tU« UtijUi, never more than half-witted, was now dean daft. Meanwhile the Sheriff and bis officers were at work. There wasn't a railroad or telegraph line within a hundred miles of tbe place, but an alarm was sent oat by the stage routes and by all travellers, and in »'-out a week tbe would-be murderer was caught. He had not travelled over thirty miles. In my dream I saw blood on his bands. It nts bis own blood. In ransacking the bouse be cut hia right band severely on some object, and this had not healed when he was arrested. All tbe evidence against the man, who called himself John Hillsop, was circumstantial, and very lean circumstance at that. I had met him on the highwav, and be had inquired about the hermit, as I have related. Curiously enoucb, no one else had seen him. The Sheriff believed tbe man guilty, however, and gave him to understand that the sou of the hermit's nearest neigh boar had witnessed tbe whole affair. I was taken to the caol to confront him. He was sullen aud defiant, but as I charged him with the crime, and detailed fessed. While be was being betd lo await the death or recovery of bis victim be died of typhoid fever in gaol. My evidence, based on a dream, would not have counted for a feather in Court, and, although he had con fessed the crime, a smart lawyer could have cleared him had he lived. Tbe third dream occurred on tbe night of tbe 17th of June, 1872. 1 was then at Laredo, Texas, having arrived two days before 1 was iu bad health, and had been in bed most of the two davs, stopping at ihu bnu^c of my brother. On this uiKht 1 ilictint ibat I was abroad ih the night on a lonely highway ou foot. I noticed a grove of trees, several and other tbings, and by -and -by I saw a light on the prairie ahead of me and off (o tbe right. 1 left the road to approach it, and as I drew near I saw a man sleeping under hta blanket, while his horse was picketed near Uy. I stood gazing at the sleeper when two men came creeping up, and oue of them raised an axe and bruught it down with all force on the victim's head. I saw him quiver and cecded to go through him. They took his watch and money, saddled hia horse, and then rode off in their own, leading the extra oue. Before going they covered the dead man with Ms blanket. I perceived that they were talk ing, but not a word could I hear. As an off saw that the watch was a gold banting case, aod that tbe revolver they took had a pearl I bad started to follow the men when home noise awoke me, and I found the house astir and breakfast going. I at once asked my brother to send for the Sheriff, and when that official came I inquired — ** Is there a highway running ont of here on which there is a grove of trees to tbe right, 'There is,' he promptlv answered. 'That is the one leading towards Corpus Chriati.' ' Beyond this the road bends to tbe left ?' ?? It does.' ' Yes, sir ; they belong to Dutch fanners.' ' Aud then comes a long bt retell of prairie *' 'A quarter of a mile off the rojd lo the right you will tiud llic body of a tnurdered man.' He did not scoff at my dream. On the contrary, be seemed much impressed. When be a?ked me to describe the men I said — ?* One had lung black hair, long whiskers, black eyes, a large no^e, aud one corner of bis 'That's Texas Joe to a dot!' he ex claimed. ' The oi her wa* dark, liad high cheekbone -, a moustache, very white teeth, aud he lifted bis eyebrows when speaking.' 'That's Mexican Jim, Joe's partner, and it's a piece of their bloody woik.' crime, which was about eight miles away, but he had not gone halfway u-uen be met men bringing the body in. The murderers had crossed tbe Rio Grande, and they were never taken for the crime, but wit bin a week the Sheriff pot hold of the watch and pistol which they sold, and there could be no longer any doubt that my dream was authentic in all details. The reader may P^off. as men will, at tbe mysterious, but 1 have pven facts. 