JOHN-A'-DREAMS. It is a pity when the drama degenerates into mere melodrama, and the greater pity when a talented company like that managed by Mr. Boucicault has to descend with it. The clever young Australian who has made himself one of the most successful playwrights of the day scores a distinct success considered as a melodrama, but The w pl§&lic; ajfe ! pretty tired of the woman with l^-^Lsloye ,cif the past hanging round her -U^ii Ifo , and the actors show signs of als^l^ng surfeited. This play ends where p;,^-, ^ ^ Mf_ q ^ , ' , ^ escape£. ,)y a happy and conventional " curtain," the terrible problem boldly presented in The Second Mrs. Tanqueray. John-a'-Dreams evolves its exciting plot from two irrational suppositions. First, a life-long friendship between a brutal, materialistic sensualist and a refined spiritualistic idealist. As well might the dove mate with the raven. Second, the unscientific exaggeration to which the doctrine of heredity is pushed. The hero who throws back to his grandfather manifests at about the same age—the same craving—for the same reason—for the same drug, and all this in complete ignorance of that grandfather's failings. Now while the evolutionists are fighting over this question of hereditary transmission both sides in the controversy agree in condemning any such fatalistic expositions of the bequeathing of the damnosa hcreditas. Haddon Chambers must have imbibed his idea from the absurd doctrine taught in Ibsen's Ghosts and Zola's Docteur Pascal. The following is the plot of John-a'-Dreams. A rescued prostitute with a beautiful voice, becoming a popular favourite, succeeds in hiding her past completely. During a yachting tour two old friends fall in love with her. Before she accepts the one to whom she told her love she determines to confess to his father, a parson, the secret of her life. The old gentleman, who has learned to deeply respect this woman, listens, talks, and advises like a saint, so long as they are speaking in general terms. But when she tells him the man she wishes to marry is his own son, the idol of his heart, horror floods his features. This soon passes but the woman reads in this the answer and nothing the old man can say alters her decision. She tells her Jover she has ceased to love him. Her friends put their yacht at her disposal, and she determines on an extended tour. This gives an opportunity to the rejected lover. He shadows her when she returns to her lover to tell him the truth before she leaves him. The confession made, she gives her loved one half an hour to think things over. It is during this half hour that the rejected lover drugs his friend with the opium he had been in the habit of taking, but which he had lately sworn-off. The villain then gets his friend to sign an ambiguous document whilst the drug begins its work. The drug does its work. The woman returns to find her lover unconscious and to receive the document of release from the villain. Brokenhearted she boards the yacht and repulses the rejected lover once more. The yacht is delayed by a storm. Meanwhile the lover arrives and the curtain falls on a happy reunion, and the villain rows an open boat out into the storm to perish. The scenic artist scored a well-recognised success in his representation of the yacht deck and the Solent by night. The moving panorama at the back constituted a clever illusion worthy of the Adelphi. Miss Faber acts the heroine beautifully but gives too spotless an interpretation of a character brought up in vile surroundings-and rescued from a sink of immorality. Titherage and Ward struggle successfully with melodramatic characters altogether unworthy of their talent. A Voici: FROM THIS PIT, 