TALES FOR CHRISTMASTIDE. DREAMY DAVE, BY JOSEPH HOCKING, Author of 'The Story of Andrew Fairfax,' ' iBhmael Pengelly : An Outcast,' &c; [all bights reserved.] L I here is only one reason that I can see, why the literary gentleman who has to do with printing magazines and papers should aak me to write down the story of David TreXoar. Yon see I'm not much of a scholar, and although I did pass in the sixth standard at onr National School, I don't consider my self half clever enough to write things to be pnntea. due uus is true ; i ve always been a friend of David Treloar'a, and when the literary gentleman says to me, 'Josiah Trudgeon, you are the man who most let the world know about him, because you know him better than anyone else,' I couldn't Bay do. Besides, he promised me that he would correct my mistakes, and clean away all the addle that might collect around the lode of my story. Well, then, to begin at the beginning, David Treloar, or ' Dave,' as he was gener ally called, was never thought roach of. Not that anyone said anything against him. No one could do that, and to tell the truth, it wasn't that at alL The fact was David was always looked upon as a kind of noodle, with nothing much in him. Not that he was really a dullard, for he was clever with his books, and with his pen ; in fact, it was because he was alwayB after bis books that people got Bnch a poor opinion of him. Yon see, when he was a boy, be would never play ?* hunt the fox,' or go id the wrestling ring for a fair hitch like the rest of us, bat he would go away by himself, sometimes to read, and sometimes to lie on his back, and look up to the sky and watch the clonds changing colour. No one could get a word out of him then, and I myself have come across him down by the Fal, one of the chief rivers of Cornwall, my native county, and when I've come up to him he tm« taken no notice, but just l«-i' still, while a curious light hf'- shone from his eyes. But this I've noticed : Dave never lay where the water was still and deep, but where it went singing over its stony bed. Many a time, too, people have met him as he has been going along our country lan^H, and he's passed by without noticing them, with a curious, faraway look in his eyes, until he became a sort of a by-word among us, and fathers used to Bay to their doll children. 'Thee'st as big a dreamer as Da vie Treloar.' Then be was a good bit of a coward. I've Been him tremble when a puppy dog barked at him, and he would take to his heels like anything if he saw a cow in the road. As for fighting, I never knew him at it ; little chaps years younger than he would put upon him unmercifully, but Dave never showed fight ; he just allowed other boys to serve him all sorts of tricks, and never had the pluck in him to stick to his rights. As he grew up he never learned to do any thing. His father was the manager of East Wbe&I; Alice Mine, or what we always called 'Capn,' and Captain, or Capn Treloar, was just as hard on his son as anybody. ' Everybody laughs at tha,' lie would say. ' Why dosn t a git up and do summin, and not go round like an ould cluck hen. Learn a trade, or go down underground an' fill kibbles.' Then Dave's Up would tremble, and he would go away among the woods, and sit listening as though he heard something So yon see, it was hardly a wonder that people didn't think much of Dave, and by the time he was twenty he was looked upon as a harmless sort of fool, having like 'Oald Mally Udy, the 'faiver lurgy,'' which in our Cornish vernacular meant ** two stomachs to eat, and none to work.' It was true he would often go underground, and wander like a ghost among the levels, up the winzes, and some times climb up the dangerous ways where the miners were ' sloping backs.' He had a good knowledge of the mine too, and one day to our surprise, showed a lot of us miners as we sat at crib (lunch) a plan of East Wheal Alice, showing every shaft, sollar, level, winze, and back in the place. This raised remark was passed about hint, that ** there was dayB when dreamy Dave was more a knave than a fooL' 'Ah,' said Ellic Bone, a Methodist local and they wa'ant spaik for fear they shll be put to work.' There were only two or three in the parish who were friendly with him. There was first of all the Vicar, whom we called '- Passen Childs ;' he always spoke kindly of Dave, and told die people not to be hard on him ; bnt then nobody thought much of him. Only fourteen or fifteen people went to chnrch, and they were mostly old women who had parish Sy. Nearly all the people were Brianites, or ethodists of some sort, and the parson's word went for nothing. Then there was the parson's daughter. Miss Lallie Cbilds, she lent him books, and never laughed at him like other people ; bnt then she simply followed in the lead of her father, so nobody thought any more of Dave because of her. And hist of all there was me. But who was Josiah Trud geon T Simply a miner, who, to use the people's own words, 'was tarred with the same brush.' Still Dave and I were friendly ; be lent me Shakespeare and we read 'The Merchant of Venice ' together, which I ' thought niighty fiue. And while we were ' reading it Dave told me something which he ' said was a secret, and which made me open j my eyes. When he was tw-nty-two, Captain Treloar made his son go to work. He showed the gentlemen which owned the .mine Dave's plan of the underground workings, and then, out of respect to the Captaiii everybody said, they made him a sort of underground timekeeper. This wasn't a hard job ; he only had to go underground two or three times a day and see that things were going on right. I don't know that anyone was the better for Dave's visits underground except Dave himself ; and he, I'm glad to say, become a little more like other people. But still, as the villagers of St. Tudy, the parish in which East Wheal Alice was situated, often said, '* He was a wisht poor tool,' and L, although I couldn't help being drawn to him, often felt half-ashamed to be seen walking with him, especially when the boys used to laugh at us as we pjm^wd along the roads together. When Dave was four-and-twenty the whole village of St. Tudy fell a langbing, and as usual my friend watt the cause of it. A new farmer hft^ come into the neighbourhood, and had taken Peuhale Farm, the best in the dis trict. This fanner had a daughter, a well grown handsome girl of about one-and-twenty, and like every new girl that comes into a i country district, Harriet Polinounter had the eyes of every youth in the parish upon her, and to crown all David Treloar fell head over ears in love with her. In fact, he completely lost hiB head, and seemed to have no control over himself. So plainly was he in love that he could not help showing it to the villagers, and so everyone fell laughing at him. And what seemed more curious still. Miss Pol mounter took to him and walked ont with him. It seems strange to me now why she should have cared to do it, but she was rather a romantic sort of a creature, and had her own ways of enjoying herself. But somehow - I couldn't think it was right. She didn't ! seem the sort of maid to pick David from the : rest of the chaps in the village. It's true old ! Captain Treloar was worth a good deal of money ; some said two thousand pounds ; while it was hinted that John Polmounter, her father, borrowed the money of the Cap tain to Btock Pen hale properly. Bat for my own part I was inclined to think that story was made up. And yet why should she take up with Dave? Anyhow she made Dave more laughed at than before. He became a very slave to thai maid. You see he never had a sweetheart in his life till then, and was so fond of her that she didn't ask anything of him bat what he would do it. ?* Dave,' I said to him one day ; 'don't make a fool of yourself over that maid.' ' Make a fool of myself, Josiah ?' be said ; ' what do you mean ?' 'Well,' I said; 'women are curious creatures, and only a few of them are to be trusted.' ' But she's to be trusted,' he said ; *' fancy, everybody laughed at me, but she took to me, every other girl giggled when I went by, but she isn't ashamed to walk out with me. She understands me, too.' ' You haven't told her your secret, Dave ?' I said. il Yes, I have,' he replied. ' I've told her i everything. How could I do other? Why, Josiah, I have given my life to her. It is for ber to command and for me to obey. I only live for her now.' ** Don't be a fool, David,' I said, a little bit impatiently. I 'A fool for lovintr her?' he replied. 'Josiah, do you know what you are saying * j A fool for loving Harriet ; why, life isn't the i same since I have known her. Why, all the j music has come nearer. In the old days when ' I used to sit by the river, or lie among the ' woods, the music was all so far away. The times ; while ouly now and then did the wind ; playing with the leaves tell me its story. Now it is quite near, and I listen with joy.' I could not lanqh at him. Al' this talk was bo real to him, while his love for Harriet Pol mounter was so much a part of bis life that it seemed sacred. ' Ah, David,' I said, ' you'U wake up from dreaming some day, and then things '11 be different.' But it was no use my talking. He just gave his life to that maid Polmounter, who, all the village said, was just having a game with By and by, I got vexed about it, and went to Penhale to see her. She was picking black berries by the garden hedge, and as I saw her there I didn't wonder at Dave losing his bead about her. Her hair huog down over her back, all io natural curb ; her eyes were brown like her hair and shone like the stars do on a frosty night, only they were full of life and fire. As for her face, well, I don't thick , that people who live in big towns ever see such a face. Her skin was very white, but on ' her cheeks the sun had painted roses which I j can't describe ; as for her lips, cherries weren't in it. Even I, Josiah Trudgeon, whom people I laughed at for being a woman hater, would , , have given a good deal to have tasted those ' ; lips. Still, I wasn't going to be carried away , by hei beauty, so I up and said to her : I ' Miss Polinounter, I'm a friend of David Treloar'E.' *' Yes,' she said, 'you are Joeiah Trud geon ?' *' He's giving up caring for my company,' I said ; 'he likes yoor's more.' ' And you are jealous, I suppose,' she said, with a laugh. I wanted to be vexed with her, but couldn't, she looked so bonny, and the laugh was like ?' Yes,' I said, *'I ain jealous, but not for myself. I'm jealous for him. Do you mean fair by him, Miss Polmounter ?' She got a bit angry then, and her eyes flashed. ' By what right do you aak such a ques tion ?' she aaid. ' Fm his friend, miss,' I replied. ' David and I have stuck together when nobody else — well, cared to be his friend. There's more in him than Bcems. He way be a bit of a coward, and I know he's a dreamy sort of a fellow, but he must not be fooled, mind that.' ' And who's to stop him from being i fooled ?' ; 'Iwffl.' ** How, may I ask ?** 'Well, Til tell him that you are only laughing at him.' ' Try it, and see wont he'll say,' she said, with a Uogb, a cruel laugh, I thought. Then ' she went on, ' Now, leave this garden. If you don't, I shall.' I saw I had done no good, and yet I had a feeling that David was only a new kind of toy to her. She was a clever girl, and David's dreamy way of talking pleased her, but I could not believe that she meant marrying [ him fair and square, i All through the autumn they kept together, j and people began to think that the maid was i serious, and liked him in spite of his curious ways, and spite of the fact that he was a , coward. For whatever else about him we J were sure of, we we-e sure that he was a coward, having no more pluck than a sucking . lamb. Or at least everyone was sure of it but , Parson Childs, and his daughter, Miss Lallie I Childs. For I must make an exception in their case. The parson always said that Dave was sound at heart, while Miss Lallie said , that he was really a hero, and told some people who were laughing at him one day that the time would come when everyone would know it. But aB I said at the beginning, no one thought much about them, and as for Dave being a hero, why I, who besides them, was bis only friend, and who declared that in his : own way he was to be admired, had to sadly admit that he hadn't a bit of pluck, and was afraid of his own shadow. About the middle of October, a new engine was brought to be put into East Wheal Alice I to pump water. You see the mine bad been ! worked fifty years ago and then discarded, or, ; to use the miners' phrase, *' knacked.' As a I consequence, all the workings below water level got full of water. When the present Company started to work her, we didn't go to the old part of the mine, but struck on a new lode. Still we didn't, know where the old men's workings were, so any time we might touch their old levels, and if we did, oar new workings would *' get flooded.' Of course it is very dangerous to work in an old mine like that, bat we Cornu-h miners are used to danger, and while we fear a bit sometimes, we look upon these things as a matter of course. Well, the engine came, and with it a young engineer to superintend the putting in. This engineer was called Edward Blake, a handsome, rakish sort of a chap, just the sort he was dressed in a stylish sort of way, and carried himself in a way that made him look very much superior to anyone in the parish. He hadn't been in St. Tody a month before he began to make up to Miss Lallie Childs, but she quickly snubbed him, and then, as if to show his spite to her, he picked op with Miss Harriet Polmounter of Penhale. It happened one Sunday afternoon at chapel. It was getting dusk, for we were getting on towards the middle of November. There was a good congregation at chapel that after noon, for the favourite travelling preacher was planned, and the weather was fine. Farmer Polmounter was there with his daughter, in the Penhale seat. Of course, David was there, and most of the people within a mile around. I noticed, too, that the engineer, young Edward Blake, was there, dressed so stylish and fine that even the preacher looked commonplace beside him. When the Bervice was over, we stood out in the chapel yard according to our usual custom, when Miss Polraounter came out, and I expected to see Dave walk away with her as usual, when up came young Blake as bold as brass, and said, t4 Allow me to take your umbrella, and accom pany you hack to Penhale Miss Polmounter.*1 She looked up into his face with a smile, gave him her umbrella, and then takiug his Poor David, I shall never forget how he looked. For a minute I thought be would have fallen down, he became so limp and weak, while his face went as white as the face of a ghost, and his lips looked as grey as ashes. I think everyone pitied him, for no one said a word, except a few boys who laughed about 'dreamy Dave bein' cut oat.' J took bold of his arm and ve walked away ' Do you think she — she meant it, 'Siah V he stammered, at length. ' I believe she did,' I replied, for I felt it would be better for him to know. ' And yet she told me she loved toc,' he said. 'Rea man, Dave, and think no more about her.' ' Why she-she— 'Siah HI kill* him if'be takes her from me 1' ' Don't be foolish, old man. She isn't worthy, give her ap.' ' No, 111 see her first, and speak to her,' he said. ' How, when ?' I asked. *' To-night,' he said. 'I'll stay with you, Dave. They'll come to chapel together to-night, for no doubt he'll stay at Penhale to tpft. They'll come along by Cross Lanes, at about twenty minutes to six. We can meet them there.' He went home with me, but he didn't have any tea. He sat like one dazed all the time, except that be kept his eyes on the clock. [ When half-past five came we started for Cross Lanes, where we waited. We were not i kept long, for Boon we heard them coming aiong me roaa, lauguuig. 'Ha, Miss Polmonnter,' we heard Blake say, ' he did look foolish and ilL We shall hear of a suicide soon, but better that than such a beautiful young lady as yon should throw yourself away .' 'Oh, Mr. Blake!' said Harriet Pol David stepped out in the middle of the road, and stopped them. ' I want a word with you both,' he said. ' Oh !' laughed the engineer, ' it'n you, Treloar, poor dreamy Dave, ' and then Harriet Polmounter laughed too. 'Mr. Blake,' said David, 'that's my young woman. We've been walking oat to gether for mouths, and I love her with all ray I must say I felt that David was rather silly in speaking like that, but be said it naturally and quietly, and for the first time I felt as though he were superior to the young engineer. ' Well, you see, * dreamy Dave,' fhe'a tired of your poetry and wants a man, who is a man and not a coward,' said the engineer. I felt I could have throttled her. She had told Blake Dave'- secret and had laughed with hiui about it, for no one Iiut she and myself knew that David wrote poetry. 'Did .you— you tell him that*' stammered David, turning to the young woman. ' Yes, I did,' and then she laughed, but I don't tliiuk she felt very happy, 'Aud do — do you give me up for — for him r he asked. 'Why,' she said, 'you never thought I was serioiis, did yju? You can't compare yourself with Mr. Blake.' ' I'm a better man than he,' cried Divid. ' Why, you are a coward,' said the girl, ?'and I can't *bide cowards.' He did not speak for a minute, for I who held his arm felt him tremble. ' Now, go away gently, Treloar,'* said the for a sweetheart, not a tiling like you. You see, she has chosen me. ' 'Have you?' said David, turning to the girl. ' Why, of course, I have,** said she. 'Look yon,' said David; 'you've made the world black to me. I don't think I shall ever stop loving you— Miss Polmonnter, for you — yoo see, I've given my life to you. But you, Mr. Blake— you knew how — how it was, and you've come and slocked her away from me, and that's the work of a devil and not of a man. WelL just listen, I'm going to sell myself to the devil to be revenged on you. Do you hear? I shall do it, and the revenge will surely come. ' He said this very quietly ; and there was such an intensity about the* way io which he spoke that I, who remembered the dreamy wav in which be always spoke, couldn't help feeling that there was something terrible in his mind. As for Miss Polmounter, she was frightened, I know that, for I could see her face plainly in the bright moonlight. Bnt Blake only laughed. ' Why, you limp, poor thing,' he said ; I could break you over my knee like a rottfn stick. Come, Miss Polmounter, we needn't trouble about the brag of such a coward as he.' Then they went on together, while David and I walked along the lanes, I trying to cheer him, and to lead him to forget the unaid , who had jilted him, and he with a hard look in his eyes and with closely compressed lips. 