Selected. HOUSE OF COMMONS. At last (says the Catholic Times') the blow has fallen. The government which has overcome so many difficulties and sur vived the introduction of so many conten tious measures, is knocked down, as it were, by a stray bullet and gives up the ghost. Friday would have seemed to almost every one as safe a day as any the long-threa tened government have enjoyed ; it was the day on which Mr. Campbell-Banner man was able to announce to the House that the War Office was to be radically re formed, and the great opponent of all change removed. The retirement of the Duke of Cambridge was desired by nearly all the responsible authorities on both sides of the House, so that the final success of the long-continued agitation for his with drawal might have been expected to put everyone into a good humor and to ensure a quiet evening. Then, again, there was little of a contentious nature on the agenda-papers; and, curiously enough, just before the crash came, Sir William Harcourt, sunning himself on the terrace, was heard congratulating with a friend " that there is one night on which we need not fear a crisis." He had hardly spoken when the bells summoned members into the House to take part in the fateful division. So unimportant did the matter seem that several ministers had left the House un paired, not a few Radicals had slipped out before the time when, strictly, their pairs began to operate, and some Tories broke their pairs and voted, thinking only, we must suppose, to slightly swell the ex pected minority. To the Hon. St. John Broderick belongs the honor of firing the chance shot which had such deadly effect. He moved to reduce the salary of the Sec retary for War in order to call attention to an-alleged deficiency in the government reserve of small arms ammunition. Mr. Campbell-Bannerman assured the House that the reserve was ample, but begged that they would not press for the figures, which it was not desirable, in the interests of the public service, to give. He thought the statement of a responsible minister, given on the authority of his military advisers, ought to suffice and be accepted. Despite his very reasonable appeal, the Opposition, sorely acting in a most un patriotic spirit, persisted in pressing the point, Mr. Balfour, Mr. Goschen, and Mr Chamberlain not being superior to the parfcy spirit of their followers. On the division being taken, the government was found to be in a minority, the voting being For the Seduction... ... 132 Against ... ... 125 Majority against the Government 7 The announcement of the numbers was the signal for a tremendous outburst of cheers from the Opposition. Mr. Chamberlain's party especially seeming almost demented, with triumph. Loud cries of "Besign! Besign!" rang through the House until. Mr. Campbell-Bannerman, very pale, rose in his place and moved that progress be reported. The cries broke out again as the Secretary for War gathered up his papers and passed out of the House. The Chair man of Committee left the chair and the Speaker was sent for. Immediately on his arriving the buzz of comment and anxious, questioning ceased, and the leader of th& Opposition rose and asked Sir William. Harcourt what the government proposed to do for the rest of the night. A little friendly discussion picked out several non contentious measures, to which the House devoted itself till 10.30, when the sitting was adjourned. Among others, the Out door Belief (Ireland) Bill was read a third time. 