OSTEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Hi-—" I was coming home from my cluo iasc night when I saw a ghost 10 ft. tall. Sur prised, eh?" She—"Oh, not at all. I wouldn't be at all surprised at anything you saw coining homo from the club." line. Bijou. Warm. Cricket-. Bowing. Baseball. Cyclorama." Continental. Theatre Royal. "La Pompadour." Melbourne en fete. International cricket. Cricket on both ovals. -Eight-oar championship. Archbishopric of Adelaide. Another sudden death at Gawier. Assist the Childrens' Hospital to-morrow. Good programme forto-nighfs Continental. Horses in action at the Show ground to-ciay. • Gold from Lovely Gully on view at Steven son's. - , , _T .. , People's concert in the Rechabite Hall to ll! hange of programme at the Bijou Theatre to-night. . . „ - ., . To-morrow will be "Childrens Hospital SlRev?*Dr. O'Reilly tlie new Archbishop of Adelaide. _ Y.M.O.A. first 1895 lecture, " Robert Louis Stevenson.'! ... Early-closing procession and open-air meet ing last night. ■ . ,, Australians made a good beginning m the last test match. , Judgment in the Federal Bank case delivered yesterday. „ , Ways and Works foundry at Glanville be ing extended considerably. Eight-oar championship to be contested on the Port River this afternoon. . Sunday concerts at the Bijou, Town Hall Adelaide, and Town Hall Port. , Test match scores promptly posted on The Advertiser beard this afternoon. „ , A. C. Rogers will speak at Y.M.C. A. to night on " Experiences in China." Wesleyau Conference protest against the Government encouraging tne wine industry. q Mrs. B. G. Lewis's Company open at tjj Theatre Royal to-night in " La Pompadoury The match between Stoddart's team an,j a South Australian eleven will commence on March 28. Immense crowds outside The Advertiser Office yesterday to witness the posting of the scores in the great test match. • W.C.T.TJ. about to petition Government "to amend the laws relating to the sale of noAious drugs for illegal and 'immoral pur poses." GLEANINGS OF HUJrOR. A magistrate who prided himself on his sense of justice was called to estimate the damages which a cow'had done in a garden. He viewed the premises and gave liberal damages, whereupon lie was introduced to the marauding cow, which turned out to be his own, whereat the conscientious magistrate was enraged. . He—"Hove you more than you love me." She—" No, you don't. I love you more than you love me." . He—" Ho, you don't—I do." She—" No, you don't—I do." He—"Mary !" She—"John!" He— "Miss White !!" She Mr. Green !!!" "This is a hard world," said the balloonist, as he dropped out of the basket and landed in a stone quarry. ' ; To the Best of His Knowledge.—Purchaser (bringing back his purchase)—"This dog is the most ferocious beast I ever came across, and you said he was as gentle as a woman." Dealer in Canines—" That s straight. My wife's the only woman I know anything about." A bashful young man went three times to ask a beautiful young. lady if he might be partner of her joys and sorrows and other household furniture; but each time his heart failed liim, and he took the question away unpopped. She saw the anguish of his soul and had compassion on him. So the next time he came she asked him if he had thought to bring a screwdriver with .him. He blushed, and wanted to know what for. And she, in the fulness of her heart, said that she did not know but that he would want to screw up his courage before he left. He took the hint and the girl. Florence—" How did that daub of a picture Nellie received for a birthday gift impress you?" Arcist—"Very well, when I finished painting it." Mr. Shortly (4 ft. 8 in.—to Miss Beauti)— " Yes, I am proud to say I am a self-made man." Miss Beauti's little brother—"Why didn't you make more of vpu while you was at it ?". She (on her voyage)—"What is that place down there?' He—"Why, that is the steerage." She—"And does it take all those people to make the boat go straight ?" "If you must know, ma'am,"said the doctor, "your husband won't live 24 hours longer." " Good gracious!" ejaculated the broken hearted woman, "'and here you've gone and prescribed medicine enough for five days." At a reception in Paris a traveller, who was a strong "anti-Semitic," was talking to Roths child on the beauties of the Island of TaMti, and sarcastically remarked—"There are neither lio^s nor Jews there." "Indeed!" re torted Rothschild. "Then you and I should go there together. • We should be great curiosities." j "Poor Herbert, how I wish, you did not have to slave so from morning to night!" mur mured his wife, as, with a fond caress, she seated herself on her husband's knee, and gently stroked the auburn locks from his lofty brow. And the grave stem man of business understood her at once, and answered• "Well, Susie, what is it—a bonnet or what? Don't be too hard oh me, for money is scarcer than ever." . A well-known bishop tells a story of a clerk at a village church, who deliberately took half a-crown out of the plate as he brought it up to the eommunion.table, and slipped it into his pocket. "I saw him take it," said the bishop, '' and intended to charge him with it at the end of the service, but carried away by the sub limity of the service, I forgot all about it. Next day I remembered and spoke about it," "Oh, sir,". said the old clerk, "never you worry about that; that hair-crown has done good service for many years. I keep it to put down first; and then the gentry, seeing a poor man lilce me put 2s. Gd. in the plate, can't for shame give less." . ; Tom—"You look awful blue. I suppose it's because of Miss Maybelle's having rejected you?' Cholly—"Yes; I can't help feeling sorry for the poor girl." Husband—"Will you remind me that I have to write a letter this evening ?' Wife—" Yes, dear; and will you remind me of something ?" 'Of course. What is it ?' " Remind me that I have to remind you." "How, you must not let this- go any fur thar," said Watts to McDavid after retailing a choice bit of scandal. " Oh, certainly not, said McDavid. " Ho w did you happen to hear it?"' " My wife told me. She is just lilce any woman—can't keep a secret, of course." A certain Irish peer who married an actress was anxious to introduce his wife to his coun try neighbors. Prejudice being strong even ^ in Ireland his attempts in this direction met with anything but a generous response. Having proposed one day to present his wife to some lady of his acquaintance the latter hastily re plied—'' I make it a rule never to be introduced to people that I don't know." , _ -A well-known judge, when a Q.C., being unable to support his argument in a certain case by any legal precedent, invented one on the spot. His opponent was equal to the oc casion, and invented another which put the Q.C. wholly in the wrong. "Where's your authority-for that ? enquired the Q.O. "It's in no law book with which I'm acquainted." "You'll find it," saidtheother, promptly, "on [the same page of the book you have just quoted." . . _ . ' ' "You aver," said the blaekbrowed bandit, "that you are the celebrated cantatrice, Mdlle. Squallldna. Prove it and you are free. Never shall it be said that a Guttaweezanda would offer an indignity to an ojiera soprano. It is against all the tenets of the profession." "How; shall I prove my identity?" asked the captive. "By singing, of course." "What! Sing in this cave ! No: bouquets, no steam heat, and not a eent in the box-office? Never!" "Gentlemen," said the bandit, "it is evident that the lady is what she claims to be. Escort her to the nearest village and set her free." ; Why are ladies the biggest thieves in exis tence?—Because they steel their petticoats, bone their ' stays,. crib their babies, and hook their eyes. ' ■ - ' CommercialTrayeller (to employer)-^" Well, I'm off. Mr. Gibbs.' Good-bye !" Employer— "Good-bye, and a successful trip, and remem ber, Mr. Blownrd, that order is heayen'3 first law," 