THE NOVELIST: SONS OF FIRE. BY MI33 BRADDON. Author of " Lady Audley'e Secret," "The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Dootor'a Wile," "Thou' art the Man," &o.; CHAPTER XT. THE MASTER OF DISOOMDH. Mm. Wornoak'e frank revelation of her girlish love and self-aaorifioe lifted a burden from Allan's heart and mind. He had been interested in her, and attraoted towards her from that summer noontide when he studied her thoughtful face in the village Ohurob, and when he lingered among the villagers' graves tohearher play. Hissympathy had grown with every hour he spent in her society, and he had been deeply grateful for the friendship whioh had so oordially included him and the girl he loved.. It had been very painful to him to believe that this sweet-mannered woman belonged to the fallen oneB of the earth, that her graces were the graoes of a Magdalen, moat painful to think that the was no fitting oompanion for the girl who had so readily responded to her friendly advances. The olqud was lifted now, and he felt ashamed of all his past doubtB and suspioiona. - He respeoted Mrs. Wornook for ber refusal to meet hie father in the beaten way of friend ship. He was touohed by the devotion whioh had brought her oreeping to hie windows under the cover of night to look upon the face of her beloved. He resolved that he would do all that in him lay to atone for the wrong his thoughts had done her, that he would be to her, indeed, as a second son, and that he would oultivats her eon's friendship in a brotherly spirit. He stopped in the corridor on the morning after that interview tostudy the portraitof the young man whose likeness to himself had now resolved itself into a psychological mystery, and he could but Bee that it was a likeness of . the mind rather than of the flesh, a resem blance in charaoter and expression far more than in actual lineaments. "He is vastly my superior in looks," thought Allan, as he studied thelines of that boldly limned faoe. " He has his mother's finely ohiselled features, his mother's delicate oolouring. There is a shade-of effemioaoy, otherwise the faoe would be almost faultless. And to mistake this face for that 1 Absurd I" muttered Allan, oatohing the reflection of hiB sunburnt forehead and strongly marked nose and chin in the Venetian glass that bung at right anglos with the picture. He heard the organ while the footman paused with his hand on the door, waiting to announce the visitor. The simple tnusio, the weaker touch, told him that the pupil was playing. " Please don't stop," hecried as he went in. "I want to hear if the pupil is worthy of her mistress." Mrs. Wornook came to meet him, and Suzette went on playing, with only a smile and a nod to her sweetheart. "She is getting on capitally. She is an enthusiast about tnusio,"announced Mrs. Wornoek. ' "How elated you are looking this morn ing." " I have good news. My eon is on his way home." I " I congratulate you." I " He is coming home for his long leave. I shall have him for noarly a year." "How happy you shall be. 1 have just 'been studying his portrait." " You are so like hiu,." | " Oh, only a rough copy—aohareoal sketch on coarse paper—nothing to boast of," said .Allan, with a curious laugh. He was watching Suzette, to see if she were interested iu the expeoted arrival. She played <on, her eyes intent alternately upon the page ! of musio in front of her and upon the stops whioh she was learning to use. There was no stumbling in the noteB, or baiting in the time. She played the simpl'elegato passagessmootbly and carefully, and seemed to pay no heed to their talk. Allan would have been less than human, perhaps, if his first thought on" hearing of Geoffrey's return had not been of the influenoe be might exercise upon Suzette—whether in him she would reoogniee the superior and more L attractive personality. "No," he thought, ashamed of that jealous fear whioh was so quick to foresee a rival. "Suzette has given inuher heart, and it must be my own fault if I oau't koep it. Women are our superiors, at least iu this, that they are not so easily oaugbt by the modelling of a face, or the rich tones of a oomplexion. And shall I think so meanly of my sweet Suzette aB to suppose that my happiness is in danger beoause some one more attractive than myself appears upon the scene ? When we spend our first season in London as man and wife, she will have to run the gauntlet of all the agree able men in town, soldiers and sailors, aotors and painters, ingenuous young adorers, and hoary-headed flatterers. The whole army of Satan that maketh war upon innocence and beauty. No, I am not afraid. She has a fine brain and a noble heart. She is not the kind of woman to jilt a lover or betray a husband. I am safe in loving her." He had need to comfort himself, for the hour of trial was nearer than be thought. He went to Discombe before luncheon on the morning after be had board of Geoffrey's return. He went expeoting to find Suzette at the organ, and to hear the latter part of the lesson. He wbb not a oonnoisseur, but he loved musio well enough to love to hear hie sweet heart play and to be able to distinguish every shade of improvement in h6r performance. To-day, however, the organ was silent; the youth who blew the bellows was chasing a wasp in the corridor, and the room into which Allan was ushered was empty. "The ladies are in the garden, eir,"said the footman. " Shall I tell my mistress that you aro here ?" "No, thanks, I'll go and look for the ladies." The autumn morning was bright and mild, and one of the French windows was open. Allan hurried out to the garden, and looked down the Cyprus avenue. The long perspec tive of "smooth-shaven lawn was empty. There was no oneloitering by the fountain. They were in the summer-house—the classic temple where Mrs. Wornoek had sunk into uncon sciousness at the sonnd of his father's name, where he had lived through the most embar rassing experience of his life. He oould distinguish Mrs. Wornook's black gown and Suzette's terracotta frook—a olotb frock from the Salisbury tailor which he had greatly admired. But there was another figure that puzzled him—an unfamiliar figure in grey —a man's figure. Never had the grass walk seemed so long or the temple so remote. Yes, that third figure was decidedly masculine. There wbb no optical delusion as to the sex of the stranger. There was no pettiooat bidden behind the marble tabl9. As he drew nearer he saw that the intruder was a young man, sitting in a lounging attitude, with his arms resting on the i table and bis shoulders leaning forwards to ' bring bun nearer to the two ladies rented opposite, : Hefelt that it would be undignified to ran, [ but he walked ao fait in his eagernese. to l diaoorer the identity of the interloper that he 1 waa in an undignified perspiration when be 1 arrived. /'Allan, poor Allan, how yon'.have been run ning 1" exclaimed Suzette. "I waa vexed with myself for losing the 1 whole of your organ lesson," said Allan, shaking bands with Mrs. Wornook, and gazing at the stranger as at a ghost. Yea, it was Geoffrey Wornook. Even bis hurried refieutions during that hurried walk bad told Allan that it must be he, and none other. No one else would be admitted to the familiarity of the garden and summer-house. Mrs. Wornook had no casual visitors, no inti mate friends, oxoept Suzette and himself. " There has been no organ lesson this morn ing, Allan,"Mrs. Wornook told him, her faoe radiant with happiness. "Suzette and Ihave been surprised out of all eober oooupatiouB and ideas. This son of mine took it into hie head to come home nearly a fortnight before I .ex pected him. He arrived as suddenly as if he had dropped from the skies. He did not even telegraph to be met at the station." " A telegram would have taken the edge off the surprise, mother," said the man in grey, standing up tall and straight, but slen derly bnilt. Allan felt himself a coarse gladiatorial sort of person beside tbie elegant snd refined-look ing young man. Nor was there anything effeminate about that graceful figure to which an envious critiooould take exception. Soldier ing had given that air of manliness whioh oan bo-exist with a thread-paper figure and a girlish waist. "Geoffrey, this iB Allan, of whom you know so much." " They tell me that yon and I are very much alike, Mr. Oarew,"said Geoffrey, with a pleasant laugh, "and my mother telle me that you and I are to take kindly to e&oh; other, and in fact ehe expeots to see us hy way of being adopted brothers—I don't quite know what that means—whether we are to ride each other's horses, and make free with eaoh other's guns, or go halves in a yaoht or a race horse ?" "I want you to like each other—to be real friends,"said Mrs. Wornook, earnestly. " Then don't say another word about it, mother. Friendship under that kind of pro tecting influence rarely comeB to any good; bub 1 am quite prepared to like Mr. Oarew on hie own aooount, and I hops he may be able to like me on the same poor grounds." He had an airy way of diamisBing the subject whioh set them all at tbeir ease, and steered them away from the rooke and shoals of senti ment. Mrs. Wornook who had been on the verge of weeping, smiled again, and led Geof frey off to look at the gardens and all the im provements whioh bad been effeotod during his three years' absence, leaving the lovers to ' follow or not as they pleased. The lovers stayed in the Bummer-house, feeling that mother and son would like to be alone, and mother and son strolled on aide by aide, looking like brother and siater. "My dearest," said Mrs. Wornook ten derly, slipping her arm through her aou'a directly they were really alone, and out of sight, in the old quadrangular garden, walled round by denBe hedges of clipped ilex, a garden laid out in a geometrical pattern, and with narrow gravel paths interseoting the flower beds. The glory of all gardens was over. There were only a few lingering dahlias, and prim aetere lifting up their gaudy diBOB to the sun, and beds of marigolds of different shades, from pale yellow to deepest orange. " My dearest, how glad I am to have you. I begin to live again now you have come home." " And I am very glad to be at home, mother,"answered berson, smiling down upon her, fondly, protcotingly, but with that light tone whioh marked all he Bald. " Bub _ it seems to me you have been very much alive while I have been away with this young man of youre who is almost an adoptod son." " My heart wenb out to him, Geoffrey, be csuseof his IikeneBS to you." "A dangerous precedent. You might meet half-a-dozen such likenesses in s London season. It will hardly do for your heart to go out to thein'all. You would be coming home with a lafge family—by adoption." "There is no fear of that. I don't go into sooiety, and I don't think if I did I should meot any one like AllaD Carew." Geoffrey oould but note the tenderness in her tone as she spoke Allan's name. "And who is this double of mine, mother? and what is he, and how does he come to bo ; engaged to that dainty, dark-eyed girl?" | " You like Suzette?" " Yes, I like her. She iB a nice, winning thing—not Btartlingly pretty, but altogether nioe". I like the way that dark silky hair of hers breaks up into tiny curls about her fore head—and she has tine eyes" " India has made you critical, Geoffrey." "Not India, bub a native disposition, mother, deareBt. In India we have often to put up with escond best iu the way of beauty, faded carnations, tired eyes, hollow cheeks ; but the young women have genorally plenty to say for themselves. They can talk, and they can dance. They are educated for the marriage market before they are sent out." His mother laughed, but bung on to his arm I admiringly. In hor opinion whatever he said was either wiBB or witty. All his imperti nenoes wore graceful. His ignorance was better than other people's knowledge. " You have not neglected your violin, I , hope, Geoffrey 1" " No, mother. My good little Strad has been my friend and oomrade in many a quiet hour -while the other fellows were playing cards or telling stale stories. I shall be very glad to play the old De Beriot duets again. Your Angers have nob loBb their cunning, I know." " I have played a greab deal while you were away. I have had nothing else to think about." "Except Allan Carew." 1 " He has nob made much difference. He comes and goes as he likes—especially when Suzette is here. I sit at my organ or piano and let them wander about aud amuse them selves." " What an indulgent chaperon." " I knew what the end must be, Geoffrey. I knew from the first that they were in love with eaoh other. At ieast I knew from the very first that he wasin love with her." " You were not so euro about the lady?" " A girl is too shy to let her feelings be read easily, but I could see she liked his society. They used to ramble about the'garden together like children. They were too happy not to be in love." " Does being in love mean happiness, mother? Don't you think there is a middle state between indifference and pasBion—a oordial, eomfortable, sympathetic friendship which is far happier than love. It has no oold fits of doubt, no hot fitB of jealousy. From your account of these yonng people I question if they were ever really in love. Your Oarew looks essentially oommonplaoe, I don't give him credit for much imagina tion." |. "Yon willunderstand by-and-by, dearest," | **?e ®otl»er was looking np at the newjy regained eon, admiring him, and beginning to fanov that she haddone bnn an injustice in thinking that Allan resembled him.. Be was much handsomer than .Allan, and-there was something piotnreiqne and romantic in his oountenance and bearing whioh appealed to a woman's fanoy, a look aa of the Lovelaces and Dorsets of old, theoonrtiers and soldiers who oould write a love song on the eve of a bloody battle, or dance a minuet , at midnight and fight a duel at dawn. Hie manner to hie mother was playful and protecting. He bad not the air of thinking her the wiaeBt of women, but no one oould doubt that he loved her. The eummer-lioufK was empty when they went book to it, and there waB a pencilled note on the marble table addressed to Mrs. Wornook. _ "Allan is going to see me home in time to give father bis tiffin, and I think yon and Mr. Wo.rnook will like to'have the day to yourselves. I shall come for my organ lssson to-morrow at. 11, unless yon tell me to stop away. " Ever, dear Mrs. Wornook, your own "Sdzstte." . "Pretty tactful soul 1 Of oourse we want to be alone,"said Geoffrey, reading the note over bis mother's shoulder. "First yon shall give me the best lunch that Disoombeoan pro vide, and then we will drive round and look at everything. And we will devote the even ing to Do Beriot. I must go up to town by an early traiu to-morrow." "Running away from me so soon, Geof frey?" "Now, mother, it's base ingratitude to say that. I've hardly given myself breathing time since I landed at Brindiei, because I wanted tayueh home to you, tirBt of the very first. I shall only bo in London a-day or two. I want to see what kind of horees are being sold at Tattersall's, and I may run down to look at the Belhua hunters. Remember, I haven't a horse to ride." " There are your old hunters, Geoffrey." " Three dear old crooks. Admirable as pen sioners, not to oarry eleven stone to hounds. No, mother, I'm afraid there's nothing in your stables that will be good for more than a cover-hack." I Mrs. Worcock sighed faintly in the midst of her bliss. She had a womanly horror of hunting and all its perils, and in her heart of hearts was always on the eide of the fox ; but she knew that without hunting and ehooting Diseombe Manor would very soon pall upon ber son, dillettante and jaok-of-all-trades though he was. Music alone—passionately as be loved it—would not keep him oon tented. Allan and Suzette strolled home under the bright blue sky. These late days in October were the Indian summer of the year, a season in which it was a joy to live, espeoiall; in the land where the smoke curlingupwardshereand there in silvory wreaths from wood fires only suggested homeliness and warmth, not filth and fog. They sauntered slowly through the rustio lanes, and their talk was naturally of the now arrival, " 1^ he the kind of young man you expooted him to bo?" asked Suzette. There was no oeoasioD to be more epeoifio in one's mention of him. There could be but one young man in their thoughts to-day. "I don't know that I had formed any ex pectation about him." " Oh, Allan, that oan't be true 1 Yon must have thoughts about him, after everybody tell ing you of the likeness. Remember what you told me in our very first dance—how dread fully bored you had been about bim, and how glad you were that I didn't know him „ " My being bored—and I was horribly—w»b no reason why my imagination should dwell upon him. If I thought of him at all, I thought of bim just as be is—the image of bis portrait by Millais—and a very good look ing and well set-up young man—ao much better looking than my humble self that I wonder at any one's seeing a likeness between the two faoes." "Ie he better looking, Allan? I know I like vour face best." "I am glad of that, sinoe yon will have to put up wiih my face for a life-long com panion." " Allan, how grumpily yon said that." "Did I, Suzie? I'm afrAid I'm a brute. I am beginning to find out disagreeable depths in my cliaraoter." She looked at him with a puzz'ed air—so sweetly innocent, eo free from any backward reaching thought, that madohim bsppy again, lie took up the little hand hanging looso at her side and kissed it. "Let us drop in upon Aunt Mornington, and ask her for lunch," be said as tbey oame within sight of Harsh House. "1 don't feel like parting with you just yet, Suzie." "Quite impossible. I must be at home for father's tiffio." "Iforgot that sacred institution. Well, Suzie, do you think it's DOSBible the General might ask me to share that important meal if ho saw me hanging about? We could go to the links afterwards, so that you might have the pleasure of eeeing how wildly I can beat the air?" _ Suzie laughed her assent to this proposition, and General Vincent overtaking them five minutes afterwards on his usual baok sus tained an Anglo-Indian's reputation for hos pitality by immediately inviting Allan to luncheon. 