^tUPEBîOR SHORT STORIES. BT FAVOURITE AUTHORS. CLEAR AS SUNSHINE. By RICHARD ASHE KIN« ("BASIL."; Author of "LOTS the Debt," "The Wearing! of the Oreen," &o.;, &o.; j (COPYBIGHT.) ? ?? W * What are you two fellows sniggering over F cried. Captain Barrington to a couple of subalterns who were giggling like a brace of school girls over a photo- graph. '.Something nasty, I'll be bound.' ' Nasty Î . Never made a worse shot in your life, old mao. Eb, Cotthurst P It's about as nicey-picy picture as ever you saw. Ask Cotthurst. ' Bather I' chuckled Oolthurst, appreci- atively. 'And it's not a fancy picture either, for I took it myself with a snap shot of my «Kodak,".said Perry. " Here ! Chuck it over if it's present- able,'cried Barrington. Perry skimmed the photograph across the room : to the Captain, who stooped, picked it np, glanced at it, and then eat suddenly down with the exclamation which eoemed to have been wrung from bim by a turn of the rack. 'My God!' * What--wbat'a the matter P Are you ill F cried Percy, starting up and hurry- ing across the room to Barrington, jpho for a moment made no answer. Presently he forced himself to look again at the photograph, when he again groaned and gasped hoarsely : * Wberc- P* " Where P' echoed Perry in perplexity. * Where ilid you take thisP' cried the Captain, with a sudden fierceness which made Perry recoil a step. 'I-I took it somewhere in Ireland. Where the deuce did 1 take it now P Oh, tb be sore it was .pear Inîhichree. There was A! taddeo ,«bower, and I ran for shelter to a ruined castle, and was only stopped at Ute entrance by the sight of thees two spooning togetbsr. Jost then the aún butst-out again, and as they were too mach'taken up with each other to notice TAB, I could not resist taking a swap shot at them with my Kodak,' 'ltvrasa gentlemanly tbiug to do, Mr. PerM*ihu. Captain said in a keen and .^1 tone, with a surprising recovery of his self-command. , . * What do you mean P' stuttered Perry, blnsbjog abriet. ' * If yob were capable of understanding say meaning you would be incapable ot this/be cried in a tone that out like a whip-lash, pointing to the photograph. Then with a withering look at the two foollSH'lads he strode from the room. Perry turned an inquiring look of per- plexity io Oolthurst, who promptly answered it. ' You've been and gone and done it now, my boy, and no mistake! It's the girl he's engaged to. " Inchichree Castle " or "House is her address, for I've posted letters to ber for bini more than once.' »Crood Heavens Î' cried Perry aghast. 'Pat, bang it ali!'be added. 'He's well out of it. An engaged girl, like that, who would sit on another fellow's jatee, with her arm round bis neck and her cheek against his, is better found out before marriage than af ter.' This also was the consoling conclusion the Captain tried to persuade himself that ha bad calmly come to ; but his wild, mad lore for Kitty Power cried aloud against it. If obi J be had not known ! If only fcc had basa allowed to live in his Elysian Illusion-«« Fool's Paradise-but such a Paradise 1 But no. He was dri ven out itom it with this flaming sword which pierced and burned and seared big very T*0»I. -i < As he paced bis own room to and fro be had again and again tried to force him- ? «alf to look; atthe photograph puce more r aûï"ma^ assurance double sure ; but he ? sonid not for a long time. When he did at last look at it, he strack it savagely witbvhis clenched fist and cried?» .^í'3y___.;1 He'll answer this to mel" AftWornpme time be really did cherish 4^a%aurbpope of a duel with his rival wBnffjuojë-a hope which, like a light k WÄ^»dftCtor, diverted his fury from ^fotty-rbut soon; seeing its foolishness; he |wa<ftgain torn and tortured with thoughts «nlyoïliër. j$ow ho Jqved and hated her! Wor .ahipped and scorned her ! HerP Whom puouldlie justly scorn P Himself-him- self alone.' Had he not been warned again-.eod agsin and again that the girl jyasa j^irt P Did not his aunt no later '^fS^'-ïssî; week complain to him in a long fetter ot her conduct with a Mr. Rolleston lights very man probably? ' ^ Knowing bis aunt's English and old '^MdiihÄery he had nasa impatient 6f ftm& woolaeni wsraing8-~a88ared lhaV olio :rÄ àÎÂàiteood^hs innocent gaiety àtid * winsomeness of sn Irish girl through putting upon them * matter-of-fact English interpretation. Bat ' flirt ' was a mild name indeed to give a girl who, while writing almost daily letters to her betrothed, alive and alight with seemingly the most artless love, could sit upon another man's knee (not a brother's, for she had none) with her arm around his neck, her cheek nestled against his, and her hand smooth- ing the hair from his forehead. It was st this frenzied point of his meditations that the Captain sat down to write the letter which turned Kitty the next morning white as the breakfast table- cloth. Being a girl of a singularly high spirit she did not utter a single word, but affected to go on with her breakfast un- concernedly until her father and ber two young sisters had quitted the room. Then she rose, and getting behind her mother's chair to prevent the white anguish of her face being seen, she said in breathless etaccato sentences :-. ' Bead that, mother. It is from ' Captain Barrington. Never speak either of it or of him to me again.' And before her mother had realised I that something horrible had happened to I sever the lovers Kitty had ' swept in the queenliest way from the room. Nor even in the privacy of her own room did she for a long time break down into abject tears. She stood as though turned to white marble, facing defiantly the Captain's photograph over the mantel I piece, as though daring it to repeat the outrageous language of the letter. : When her mother's timid knock cams presently to the door Kitty asked ia a dull dead voice : ' What is it f «It's I, dear.' . Well, mother, what is it F she re í pealed at her mother's entrance. 'It's some misunderstanding, Kitty some dreadful misunderstanding - er mischief-making of his annt's. From the first dear, I never liked--' ' Don't mother ; I asked you not and I meant it,' she said in a tone which at once silenced and terrified her gentle mother. Turning to say something not less repeUant and steel-cold to her mother, Kitty caught the yearning trouble in her gentle eyes and was moved to fold her impulsively in her arms and sob ? .Dear mother! Dear, dear mother!' And soon the poor girl was again a little child upon her mother's knee. Tet even then she would not let her mother talk of that letter or its writer. 'If I struck yon in the face, mother, Îou would not like ever to speak of it, or are it spoken of. Let ma try to forget it ; it's the most I eau hope for," she said, with an aching desolation in her voice which made her mother press her almost passionately to her bosom. But though poor Kitty would not allow her to discuss the letter or its writer, or the motive of its writing, with an inconsistency which girls will under- stand, she permitted, even perhaps encouraged, her dearest friend, Miss Bell Herbert, to discuss the whole affair exhaustively. ' It's the aunt, of course ; and . it's Mr. Bolleston, of course ; bnt nothing- yon could do or she could say justifies such a letter. I should dearly like to give him a little lesson with thie,' switching her riding whip viciously in the air. Need I say that a little of this vigorous virago talk of physical vengeance upon í tho recreant had a reactionary effect on j Kitty P Her love was dead-- murdered as she thought-but she reverenced, so to say, the bsdy of the dead, and could not endure its desecration by such talk. As Bell had the tact to perceivo this, j she went at once upon the opposite tack of trying to imagine an adequate provoca j tion for such a letter. ! . She cross-examined Kitty upon all her : flirtations with Mr. Rolleston without finding anything which anyone could candidly consider disloyality to her en- gagement. I ' But there's no knowing what she'd i think improper,' she wound up-j-' she ' I being Mrs. Lynoourt, the Captain's aunt, j 'Some of these prim Englishmen are like i Ned's wooden soldiers-so stiff that any- thing which pushes them out of the per- pendicular by a hair's breadth sends them over altogether.' Having done something by her sym- pathy at least, if not by her comments and her counsel, to comfort poor Kitty's harrowed heart, Bell had to quit her to ride home, where there happened to be argent need of her presence at loach. Just as she was ip the act of mounting her mare unaided, and for this purpose had gathered up her habit with one hand she caught sight of the recreant captain standing staring at her as though turned to stone. He had no sooner posted his letter to j Kitty than he repented of bis brutality j and hurried after it, or rather with it in tbeLhnite| Mail to Ireland; ' Jftsiu^^ upon him. would believe nothing-not that infernal, photograph, not his own very eyes against Kitty's tiuth and modesty. Bell, though she had no idea that this was the Captain (whom she bad never seen), was arrested by the stupefaction expressed in the face of this man who stared at her as at the ghost of some one ! he had murdered. 1 Presently he took out s photograph and I compared it with her face aud figure-not i forgetting her riding trousers ! 'I beg tour pardon,' he stammered, I 'but is this yon P^ Yes, it was Bell sure enough, with I Kitty sitting on her trousered knees. In riding she had overtaken Kitty and been j overtaken by a shower. Leaving her horse with her groom, she ¡ scampered across with Kitty to the ' Castle for shelter, and as there was only j one sheltered seat available ahs took 1 Kitty on her knee. Kitty had occulted all her parson but her trousered legs and ber close cropped bead ! i [THH END.] 