THE ONLY WOMAN THE WORLD. IN On a golden day in September, handsome Captain Oonnover, of the eteamer Oriana, his mind at ease for the first time for many days, |paced the deck of the steamer, enjoying the flavour of a When natnre smiles, man's heart grows tender, and Cupid hovers near. Just now the gallant oaptain was asking himself why it was at the age of forty he was still a bachelor. It was certainly lot because he had an aversion to fomen. Lived ever a sailor who had that P And Edward [Oonnover was a nilor to the soul. i On the contrary, 1 love every one of them,' he said, between a laugh and a sgh; for, being quite alone, ne talked to himself a little. * If a mermaid wa to show herself down below there just tow, she'd catch me, certain sure. I I'd make love to any woman, young or old, who was free to listen to ne, if one was to come aboard this minute. But that is not likely to happen to the Oriana. I don't think a female has set foot on her since she was built. They are pleasant oreatnres, i women; they'll laugh with you ud cry with you; they'll stick to you through thick and thin. They are true Uthe stars; always nice to look at, the time they are little jirls to the days they are ;{mndmothers. To my mind, there's something sweet in them. God Ikes the little women ! I wish I lad one of my own. And now I swear trill. Fll go a-oourting as soon as I |»t ashore, and Fll not sail again with- "t leaving a lass behind me to pray for The oaptain drew his cigar from bei his lips, and a puff of blue smoke i upward as though going straight heaven to register the TOW. And now Ms bright glanoe, having ne out over the dark green billows, bed with what looked like silver I diamond dust, to the horizon, where ; sky, a cloudless azure dome, came TO to meet it everywhere, returned " 1 travelled the length of the steamer. ~he shone Uke a pieoe of jewellery, flie storm, that had done its beBt to her, once over, the sailors had e to work to sweep and swab and .ystone her until she was a thing of uty, to be put under glass and stared aU that was of brass gleaming like all that was of glasB clear as he officers looked natty, too. Their (tons sparkled in the Bun, as did the goCi ring whinh every young ' wears upon his little finger, the e-gift of Poll or Nan or Sally. fQn the forward deok sat the two or ere who usually crossed in -merchants, importers, or .of the goods on board ; I st^the captain had said, there was t a wpknauamongst them. Near the ln-way the captain could see ^Yig sailors laughing as they exda joke.. Mack Brill, theEnglouref from (he coal mines, who, >son Jftok,. was "working his i over," hoping for prosperity in Country where every man has a ce, if he will but take it, was fast- " down an awning. Jack had gone below for something the cook had ordered him to bring. It was all as pleasant and peaceful as though tempest never raged upon the ocean, the sort of scene that deludes landsmen into believing a sailor's life a perfect one. Gay little streamers fluttered above the masts and gave a bright touch of colour. The whisper of the waves, the pleasant flutter of the canvas, the soft tune that seemed playing up amongst the cordage, intensified the soene of quiet. Then suddenly it was rent, dispersed, shattered by the wildest and most piteous cry that mortal ear ever heard. Not a warning of danger. It would never have occurred to those who heard it that there was water in the hold or fire between decks, nor an appeal for aid from a man to his fellow-beings, nor the expression of physical agony. It was a sound- that for a n^oment held those who heard it motionless, and sent flying through their frames those strange electric thrills whioh, curiously enough, are inevitably associated with supernatural terrors. The two young sailors stared at each other, literally unable to move. The captain's feet remained glued to the deck. Again the cry arose, more awful still, seeming to pass the ears of mortals, helpless to offer aid, and fling itself at the feet of some higher power which understood. Then, flying along the deck at full speed, came the burly figure of Mack Brill, his black hair and beard floating behind him, his dark face flushed with splasheB of apple-red and orange, his eyes glaring wildly as he plunged down the companion-way, shouting: 'TisJack crying 1 I'm here, Jack! Tour dad is here! Hold out, whatever "tis! Hold out! I'll be wi' ye!' They heard his voice long after they could see him. But suddenly the words died upon his lips and ended in a roar like that of a wounded sea-lion. Then they heard him returning, with slower and heavier steps, He climbed the steps,and they saw that he bore Jaok in his arms—Jack pale as if about to. swoon—and that his own face was grey as ashes. Tet, when reaching the deck, he set his son upon his feet, they could see upon the burly young fellow's person neither blood nor contusion, though he staggered a little, and his eyes glared; but he stretched out his hands to his father as a little child might, and s Maok Brill clasped and held them fast. ' God Awmighty have mercy on my sinful soul!' gasped Jaok. 'Awmen!' responded the father, solemnly. But now Captain Oonnover, outwardly composed, though he had thrilled and quivered like the rest, arrived upon the spot. ' Who is going to hang you at the yardarm, my man, that you are saying your last prayers at that rate ?' he queried. • And what was all that banshee-howling down below about ? You don't seem to be hurt.' ' I'm not hurted, captain,' said Jaok, clinging to his father's shoulder and trembling violently. ' But I'd rare reason to howl, sir, I had. I seed -som'at would make, any man howl, sir, down there below, I did. Dad eee it, too.' ' Ay sir,' said Maok, ' I seed it wi' these eyeB.' ' What like was it?' whispered sailor Ben, forgetting discipline in the excitement of' the moment, and speaking without touching his cap to the, oom- Like nought you ever seed, lad,' said Maok. ' Pray you may never look on the like o' 't.' The two young sailors were now as pale with fright as Jack himself, and the younger got closer to Oaptain Oonnover, his innocent boy's eyes dilating wildly. The captain, having finished his cigar, toBsed it overboard, folded his arms, and said: ' Well, Jaok, from all this I rather suspect you've been seeing ghosts below there.' 'Ay, sir,' said Jack, ' it's what I think myself.' < I seed un too, an' Jaok aaVcoe is no fools to be scared at shadows. We've lived too long i' the mines,' said Maok. ' Oh, 't were tumble!' 'And where did you see him,' queried the captain. ' 'Twere not a him. 'Twere a her,' said Maok. 'A lady ghost, aw in black, wi* a face like the dead. An' the light shined on her head, an' her eyes were shut.' ' And where ?' repeated Oaptain Oonnover. ' Down below where the boxes an the bags an' aw the luggage be,' said Jack. ' An' I were (getting a hamper loike, and I'd gotten it upon my shoulder, when I seed un glow'rin' at me; an' I dropped my hold, an* my strength went from me, an' I shouted to the Lord, for I knew He was the only one who could help me at that pass ; an' if un had but spoke a word or pointed at me, Fd a-gone stark mad, I would/ ' The lBd had reason for it,' said Mack, ' for we're all doomed. Him an' me an' all aboard the ship will never see land again. 'Twere always so i' the mines. When oneo' they were seen, choke-damp came or a cave-in' — it were sure. 1 never seed they myself, but I've spoke to them that did. We're a' doomed, every rnan o' us.' ' That is aB God wills it,' said the captain. 'But for my part, though I have heard of many a ghost, I never have seen one in all my life: and if there is one on board the Oriana, and a lady ghost into the bargain, I'll not lose my opportunity. Come below with me, Ben Brown and JimMarlin; I may need you.' ' I'd liever jump into the water,' muttered Ben. ' If I see the thing, Fll die !' gasped Jim. But disobedienoe to orders was impoBBible, and they followed the captain as slowly as they dared. Now, when the captain reached the place in what one knew nothing of sea-going mysterieB might call the ship's cellar—I suppose it was the hold, for in it, well secured by ropes and irons and what not, were piles of boxes and bags and trunks and packages, all the goods and ohattels that were on their way from Liverpool to America — he at first saw nothing strange. That was what he had exacted. But it was a great relief to Sen Brown and Jim Marlin, I assure you. They nudged each other and breathed again. But the next instant, a sudden cry, quickly suppressed, set their hearts, as Ben said, ' flopping like flounders in a pan.' The captain had stepped out of sight behind some boxes, and they knew that he bad seen something at last. In fact, though he had no intention of ' howling,' as the young miner had done, Captain Conn over was at this instant gazing with dilated eyes on Jack's ghost. There it stood before him, a figure black, with a face like marble, its eveB closed, its floating hair about its shoulders, its head thrown back against the wall, and about it a halo such as those with which old painters were wont to encircle the heads of their Madonnas, their dead saints, their holy martyrs. He stood and gazed. It was ' terrible,' truly, as the boy had said, but it was also very, very beautiful. He took another step forward, a slow, long step; he took another, and now he saw that it was not a spirit that he gazed upon, but a body, whence the soul had doubtless flown. It was, to his apprehension at least, a dead woman who stood pinioned to the wall by a long bar of iron, which had probably slipped from its place and formed a barricade wbich now supported her inanimate form. The halo about the head was the cirole of light thrown by a bull'seye upon the grey wall. More slowly still, the captain drew close. The slender waist, the little down-dropped hands, the shape of the ears, of the cheeks, told him that this woman was young ; her dress was that of a lady, well made and tidy. What did it mean ? How did she come there ? This was more mysterious than an apparition could have been. The woman bad evidently entered the place alive. Here lay a cloak, there a small felt hat, and here was a travelling bag of some size. No one had murdered her and dragged her there. Plainly, she was a stowaway. He had seen many a stowaway before, and more than once a dead one; but such a one as this, never. ' Never!' he repeated aloud. ' Sarvice, captain. Ate you all right, sir?' questioned Ben Brown's voice at this instant. Jim was not up to making inquiries. Captain Oonnover had quite forgotten the men. The voice brought him to himself. He retraced his steps, and stood before them, pale, but oomposed. ' My men, Jaok Brill's ghost is a dead stowaway,' he said, and I am sorry to say it is a woman. She is fastened in there. Oome, help me to get her out. Softly, lads, softly. Mind you are gentle with her.' They were very gentle when at last they plaoed her upon one of the stretchers kept in case of aooident, and bore her to the deok. The boys were sobbing and the captain's eyeB were wet. ' Such a pretty little soul,' whispered Ben. 'An angel—no less,' sighed Jim. ' What was she afraid of f' said the first mate ? ' Why did she hide from us P . There wasn't a man aboard that wouldn't have been a brother to her. Why,' how she'd have oheered us up with her pretty looks and ways! What a bright star she'd have been here! She didn't know UB or she wouldn't have feared us.' ' There's her little bonnet and oloak, and the bag she had,' said Ben. 'It makes a baby of me to look at them.' ' When Jack, there, thought he saw a ghost and roared about it, I was thinking how empty any plaoe -was without the laBBes,' said the captain. ' I was wishing we had a woman or two aboard the Oriana. Well, we've got one now. There's just one lovely woman amongst all the great ugly lubbers of men, and the is dead.' All this time the doctor had been holding the girl's wrist, laying his hand over her heart, holding a little pocketmirror to her lips. Now he laid the hand down very gently, drew the blanket over we little shoulders, straightened himself, and said, slowly : ' I beg your pardon, captain: this is not a dead woman. She is alive, and likely to live.' 'Alive!' every voice repeated the word. A cheer went up to the blue sky, and there was not a dry eye in the company. And now the little istowaway became the centre about which everything revolved. Bulletins were issued every morning, every noontide, every evening by the dootor: She had opened her eyes and had seemed frightened and had wept. She had tasted beef tea. She had eaten gruel. She had managed a slice of chicken. She was able to sit up amongst her pillowB. Her lips were red again. She was going to occupy a steamerchair on deck to-morrow morning. On this occasion every one of the passengers made a .particular toilet. Each man was already the little stowaway's devoted slave. To be sure, none of them knew anything about her but that she was young and pretty and needed protection. But the Oriana was a little world of men, and this the only woman in it; and any one of these qualities, the youth, the beauty or the Helplessness, would have been enough in suoh a case. Mildred Martin, she had told them her name was, but that she was used to Milly,. 8o they all spoke of her as Miss Milly, As for the poor oaptain, he was madly in love with her. Cupid had caught him at the proper time, and having made his heart soft and tender in a general way, had buried the first arrow in its centre up to the very head. He fired it when the soft blue eyes opened and fixed themselves on his face, and the faint little voice whispered: ' Oh, I know you would be good to me, and now I feel safe.' You should have seen that girl on deck those bright mornings! Talk of belles! There never was such a belle before! There was constant rivalry as to who should carry her cushions, who should fan her, who should keep the sun from her eyeB with an umbrella, who should read to her and bring her the dainties which the ship's cook created for her special eating. Poems were read to her. If her lashes drooped, a finger was on every lip and a ' hush!' ran through the group. As for the sailors, each lad's ' heart was essentially true to Poll' at home, but they worshipped the divinity on board all the same. Even Jack, who, for some time could not help thinking of her as a materialized ghost, and was still afraid of her, adored her at a distance. She was no longer a pale martyr, with a halo about her head, but a fresh little English girl, with a flower-like colour in the cheeks, and soft, brown hair that curled and waved despite the sea- breezes, and eyeB the shade of bluebells, and with suoh pretty ways about her! No wonder that the captain fell more deeply in love every hour, and vowed to offer his hand and heart, and be married the very d^ they reached shore. It seemed to him as if his good angels had read his thoughts that night, and sent him this wee, true love in answer to them. He would marry a stowaway, knownothing about her ?' you ask. Tos, for he was a sailor. One who did not' creep in at the cabin windows,' either, but who began' before the mast;' and sailors love and woo and win without asking questions, and this waB the one woman * in the world # to * him. Days passed, the beautiful weather continued, and the pretty stowaway was still the idol of the ship. But it so! happened that the first mate was a married man, with three children, and that the second mate was engaged to a Miss Ann Eliza Tompkins. Each of the passengers had a family, and two were grandfathers. The doctor, though he was charmed by the rosebud mouth and bluebell eyes; was a very prudent man, and would never have married any one but a young lady of good family and some means, unless it were a widow with a large property. The cook and the sailors could, of course, but worship at a distance. Therefore, though all admired, the captain was the only person with positive matrimonial intentions, and he did not strive to conceal them. He was not ashamed of being in love, and it was so plain that he was regularly bent on courtship, that the other men felt bound in duty to give him a free field. And at last it came to pass that when he took his place beside Miss Milly, the other worshippers gradually departed; sauntered away carelessly as if they just happened to do it; found that they had to write letters or had a book to finish, or something to look at out at sea; and the captain accepted this modestly, as a man does his right. As for the captain, he was happier than he had ever been in all his life before; and when she sat in the big steamer-chair, wrapped up like a mummy-—for the men were always folding extra things about her for fear she should take cold—and he perched on a oamp-stool at her side, he would have been perfectly contented to have time stop and leave the Oriana riding the calm Bea and this little love of his listening to him for ever and for ever. He had been in the tropios and amongst the ice-fields of the Arctic seas. He had been on cannibal islands and barely escaped being eaten. He never boasted of his own deeds, but she could always Bee that he bore himself gallantly, and admired him more and more. There was no end of adventure. He told her all the legends of the sea as well. She heard about the Flying Dutchman, and about Neptune, who came aboard when vessels crossed the line, and collected tribute; of the mermaids who sat upon lonely rooks in midocean and combed their sea-green hair, and wiled young sailors to their doom; and of the sea-serpent, seen by himself when he sailed with old Oaptain Decker on the Water-Witch, rising above topmast, and with red mouth wide open and eyes that blazed like a frightened cat's in the darkness. And all this in a low, mild voice, as if such wonders were everyday occurrences, and all that he told he believed in. He was not spinning yarns from his own imagination to make her wonder. And when you find a real sailor who will tell you that there is no sea-serpent or that the Flying Dutchman is a dream, you have found a man I never expect to meet. As for the pretty stowaway, she lived in the present. It was as though she had been eating lotus. Past things vanished from her memory. The for- tunes of the future took no shape. The Oriana was' the world. The heavens covered it like a bowl. All the people were good and kind to her, and Oaptain Oonnover was king. She also was quite willing to have an eternity of this sort of tmng, though she did not formulate the thought, as the captain did, into a " Lord, let it last for ever!"—a sort of prayer he said to himself many a time and oft'just then. And all this while he never asked her a question about her past, or how she came to be in the hold of the steamer, or why she wanted to hide herself there. He intended to take her on trust, and if she never ohose to tell him anything, she never should be made to do it. ' She's aB pure as a white lUy,' he said to himself, ' and she knows nothing of sin; and Heaven- sent to me to love and cherish, and to love me. And I thank God for it.' For Oaptain Oonnover was in love in the good old-fashioned way. And if the spirit of chivalry still remains upon this globe at all, it lives at sea. One evening—oh, the still, sweet night it was, like a night in a dream!— the Captain resolved to make his offer. He was hopeful as to the result, and so not much afraid, though it was his first one. The girl at his side seemed like a little flower, ready to be lovod and cherished; or take the old simile of the clinging vine and the oak, if you will. Captain Oonnover was not vain, but it seemed to him that she was quite willing to look upon him as the oak. ' The moon never looks as large on land as it does at sea,' she had just said, ' and it seems as though, if we sailed on long enough, we might come to the place where it set. It iB a new world to me, here on shipboard.' ' I know that the world has been new to me since you came on board the Oriana,' the captain said softly. ' Miss Milly, I want to aak you something. I've been trying to ask you for a long while. I' She sat up straight then, putting her hands to her forehead, as though she had just awakened from a dream. 'Yes,' she said, ' yes, I ought to have told you. The sea, and having been ill, and being so deeply interested in everything, has put it all out of my mind. Tea, how I came to be down in that strange place where you found me. No wonder you want to know. Tou must have thought it so strange. It was this way. I had to go to America—to New York—I was obliged to, or I thought I was—and I had no money, oh, not a penny! Uncle Peter was so stingy, and then he did not want me to go at fall. And I thought, if I hid aboard a steamer, and came out when you were well away, that you wouldn't throw me overboard. I never thought to be treated like the Queen, though, and petted so. I hoped you'd let me wash dishes or mend your things.' ' You wash dishes, indeed!' said the captain. ' But that was not what I wanted to ask; it was something very different.' '•Yes,' she said, interrupting him again, ' I know. My motive. Of course, you must wonder about that. Well, my motive was Teddy. I wanted to cross the ocean because Teddy was on the other side—my Teddy.' ' Your brother ?' queried the captain, in a choked voice. ' No,' said the pretty stowaway, with a strange look on her fair face, 'my sweetheart—Teddy Trueman—that I had been engaged to be married to for three long years.' 'Yonr sweetheart, that you have been engaged to be married to for three long years?' the oaptain repeated mechanically. 'Yes, sir,' said MUly. 'And he loved me when we went to sohool and picked primro8ea together in the fields, and we would, have been married but for uncle Peter. And he went away to America to make his fortune—poor Teddy!—all for me. Then he wrote to me to come and be married, and uncle said he'd never give me money for my passage, and I shouldn't marry Teddy while be lived. And I told Teddy the truth, but he would not believe it, and he said if I loved him I would oome, and I was false to him, and he'd write no more. And that was a year ago, and I bore it until I could bear it n<\ longer, thinking how he grieved for me, for you can't tell how dearly he loved me, captain.' ' I think I can,' murmured the poor fellow. ' And so,' Milly continued, ' I packed my bag and ran away. Of coutse, I did not know how dreadful it would be down there, how near I'd come to dying ; but I could not break poor Teddy's heart, and leave him to think me false, whatever might happen. The oaptain arose from his seat. His heart was torn as though a vulture's beak were buried deep in it. But he swore to make no sign.; ' Of course. Miss Milly, a girl like you would be true to her true love while she drew breath,' he said. ' And thank you for telling me; and look on me as a brother until I give you over to your Teddy Trueman, to the man you've been engaged to for three years. Yes, count on me as a brother.' Then he took her on his arm across the deok, and left her with a smile But from that day he never sat beside her, he never walked with her in the moonlight, he never chatted with her at the table. The change struck everybody with astonishment. ' 8he has refused him,' said the first mate.' ' She has refused him,' went from one to another, and each man felt as if he had been refused himself. And instantly the little masculine world on board the Oriana deserted their only woman. She sat by herself in her steamer-ohair. No one fanned her whfen it .was warm, or brought her wraps when it was cold, or read to her, or even chatted to her. Lonely,and neglected, without guessing the cause, she sat and sighed, feeling that the happiest time of her life had oome to an end, and unable to build air-castle of rapturous meetings with Teddy Trueman, though she strove hard to do so. And so they came into New York, and the passengers gave her cold and formal farewells; the officers none, for, according as they saw the matter, this saucy little English stowaway had insulted their ship by refusing an offer from their captain. And now she waited, her little bag paoked, to be taken ashore. The captain had bade her do so. And he was ready to come. She saw him advancing towards her, and arose. Suddenly Mack and his son Jack, and a welldressed young man, smoking a big cigar, stepped between them. 'Just a minute, captain,' said this man. ' I want a couple of strong fellows, and these men will answer. If you can tell me they are sober and honest, Fll hire them.' 'They are, and I can recommend them,' said Oaptain Oonnover. 'All right, then,' said the young man, taking some cards from his pooket. ' By the way, Fll leave our card with you, captain. You might need something in our line—ship's supplies. That's my name. Just been taken into partnership by my fathei-in-law. Married Miss Slater a couple of months ago. and now I'm junior of the firm. I hope to have your patronage some day. Good-day.' He has gone. The captain looked about for -Millv ; she seemed to have vanished, but at last he found her leaning against the forward rail, her face oovered with her handkerchief. 'Come,' he said, a little bitterly, ' let us go and find your Teddy.' ' There's no need of that now, Oaptain Oonnover,' she answered. 'That man who has ju6t hired Mack and Jack, who told you about marrying his partner's daughter, is Teddy Trueman.' The captain looked at the card and read the names,' Slater and Trueman.' ' The false rascal! So it is!' he said. ' And he's dared to use you so, and break your heart, poor little lamb!' ' My heart!' she cried. ' Oh, that's not the way it is, captain. Indeed it iB not. I'm crying because it is not broken, I tMnk. Because I do not care. When I saw Teddy, I was not glad. When I heard what he said, I was not sorry. I do not care for Teddy Trueman any more. I would not, could not, marry him, if he were free; and, oh, it is so strange, I do not know myself.' These words came from her soul, and they were like words from heaven to the captain. He caught both the girl's hands, and looked straight into her eyes. ' You little angel!' he Baid. ' I know if I only could believe that it was because I had stepped into Teddy's place —if only I could believe that!' Milly did not say a word, but he gathered heir to his heart, and kissed her. And so, when the Oriana sailed again, the captain's wife sailed with him. M. K. D. 