FICTION. . THE SPIRIT OF THE GAVE HOUSES. AN ETHNOLOGIST'S STORY OF A STRANGE ADVENTURE IN NEW MEXICO. " No, scnor, I will not go with you, neither will my people go with you. It is is not good to go to tho rook-houses. Spirits havo their walklng-placo thcro— spirits of wbito men. Tho ghosts of our own people aro not good, but tho spirits of white men are dovils." That was tho oncouragoment I received on sotting out for my summer's ethnological work among tho cliff dwellings of Now Mexico. It was tho old headman of tho pueblo, Ziacoto, who refused in this ntatoly way to lend uio any auidos for tho trip, and when ho saw 1 was determined to go anyhow, dismissed me with tho cheerful warning : " When you nro dead, lot not your mother's spirit reproach mo!" I tried to find out how long tho cliff-dwell- logs woro supposed to havo been haunted, but tho old fellow was uncommunicative. " How can I toll 7" ho answorcd. "Spirits live long. It Is most Ukcly thoy have bcon thoro my years. I myself havo not seen them, but It Is said that always evil spirits dwelt in the rock'bouscs, and within a year they have walked. My people have seen them and died. It is not good to go thorc." Of courso I did not care anything for old Yellow Jacket's ghosts. I had heard often of tho lost sllvcr-mlno of tbo Towan, aud'I sup- , posed that this was one of the ways the IndiaC. tried of keeping strangers out of the mountains, 4fi(l Probably hod told the some thing IS (ft«PiU7 jugWBi to Mieyo It themselves. But wo sot out for tho cavo- dwollings, nevertheless, with an outfit of six, though nouo but the paokers knew anything at all about the location of tho dwellings, and they ouly by hearsay. It was said that this set of cavo-houscs had nover been vUitcd by white men, ami by the time wo got to them, I was well incHucdto bcHovo it. They wcro two day's travel up tho mnin canon of tho 8nnta Cruz into the very hcait of the mountains, nnd then another full day's crawl up through u little black box- canon, narrow as a knifc-blndo and dark as a squaw's, pockot, with onlyn thin bluo lino overhead whero tho sky camo, and where you could almost see the stars iu day-time. Onco out of tho canon, with tho roar of the stream below still hi our cars, we found our selves nlmost in tho middlo of d big saucer- shaped maw, surrounded on, tlirco sides with mountains, and dropping off sheer on the other to tho valley of the Rio Grando. A good-sized mountain-torrent, swelled with tlio melting of the snows, cut' across tho plain and dropped into tho crack in the earth out of whlan we had just crawled, and fivo-miles away, outting diagonally aoross the mesa, was a thick pine forest, and rising out of the , centra 0! that, pink in the light of tho sunset, and all tho moro vivid against tho green of tho forest beucath it, rose the long, straight wall of tbo aliff where wo knew wo should find tho cave-dwellings. And, suro enough, next morniug wo trotted up through the cool green of tho pino woods, fresh with the smell of the dew still on it, there wore tho eaves, hundreds and hundreds of them, carved out of the soft tufa cliff that, on close inspection, was yellow instead of pink. The top of the cliff was eighty or a hundred feet high, a sheer outcrop of volcanio ash nnd putnic. But tho straight wall in which tho caves were cut was only tho upper forty or fifty feet of it, the base being buried in a broken mass of talus, sloping down nt nn angle of forty degree to the river that swept down along tlio foot of tbo slope like a mill-race. Wo put in a good day's work at the rock- houses, which did not look as though they had ovor been touched by a white man. Oasey ran a base line for his survey, and nearly dropped his rodmau off the cliff doing it, for it was tcrriblo stoop in placos. By uight thcro had come up u regular mountain thunderstorm, and for our own convenience wo had moved Into ouc of tho rock-houses and stabled the mules in another. It was as comfortable a camp as ono could want in a storm, no. possibility of tho rain getting to us, while, perohed as we were high up the cliff, the prospect out over tho level top of tho great pine forest was magnificent —tho black and gray masses of clouds rolling down over tho grccu of the woods, and the river far down below us plunging ovor tho rocks and spouting up in wbito spray around the bond of tho cliff.' The wind howled and tho rain camo down straight and thick as telegraph-wire, breaking into mist where it hit tho rocks and pitting tho swift-raoving current of tho midstream. Tbo thunder kopt on booming like mountain batteries in tho hills behind us, and rolled and rattled liko tho crash of avalanohosdown tho slope. Night had fallen, and the only light outside was tho lightning that lit up tho top of tho forest aod tno mouutains beyond with a pale, slaty light, and turned the round doorway of tho cave into tho mouth of a great camera obsoura. But wo woro dry and comfortablo. Tho fire threw up big, fanciful silhouettes of tho pnrty on tho walls, whllo the smell of tbo fryiug bacon set the coyotes to howling mournfully outside, as though Fray Antonio and tho hell-hounds wcro out for a midnight foray euro enough. Wo did not mlod tho storm — rather enjoyed it, in faot— ato, smoked, aud told stories, and finally, whon tho conversation had flagged, old Salts, one of tho packers, turned to the other, a younger man, with tho remark ; " Say, Rich, this must bo pretty close to the place whero you nnd Gorelll had your walk around with the NavajoB last spring— ain't it?" It was a good draw for a story, but Rich only growled something about it boiug"too dammed closo," and then curled down on his blanket again nnd looked uncomfortable. Units tried to draw him a littlo further, but seeing ho would not. talk nnd as tho boys wanted the story, himself told of how Rich, tha last spring, had come near getting picked off by a roving party of Navajos. Rich was in the oavalry at Wingato at tho time, and was closo chuins with Lou Corolli, a young half-breed, the two being like brothers, except that they were In love with tho snmo girl down in El Paso. Tho two bad been sent down to Archuletta on courier duty by them selves, though old Colonel Douglas knew the Indians wero restless, and Rich camo back alone, nearly dead, and looking Uko a ghost, to tell how, on tho way back to the fort, thoy had a two day's chase with a war party, and bowLon had been shot out of his saddlo near tho top of tho Archulotra Pass, aud Rich himself vhad only got back after having his horso killed ana wandering Jor two days in the hills without anything to eat. A search ing party had beoo sont out after tho body when tho Indians had been rounded up; but thoughthoy searched the Rio Chioo from tho spot where Rich had seen tho body go tumbling down tho cliff iuto tho river down stream nearly to where the Btrcam camo out by the oavo-cliffs, thoy could And no trace of it. This cxpericnco soured Rich of the sorvico, and when his timo was out, ho did not re-enlist, but murricd tho girl ho nnd Corclli had been jointly in lovo with and joined our outfit as a packer. The storm got worse instead of better, but that did not trouble us, and tho boys finally roUod up in their blaukets. Rich, who was evidently uncomfortably stirred up by tho soiu word tho whole time, got up and spread bis blankets on tho far side of the firo from tho door, and, th62$ "ally not cold, wrapped himsolf up, head and ears, and lay thcro liko a dog. Tbo other fellows were smoking cigarettes, Mexican-fashion, inside their blankets; but gradually tbo puffs of smoke died down aud the fire fliokercd and. waned. I must havo beon asleep, for I had a sort of half night-muro sensation of thcro boing somo one besido ourselves in tbo cave. There seemed to bo n cold damp draught directly off the water, and tho ombcrs of tho firo shono a palo-blue, pliosphoroscout tiut. Thcro was not light enough for shadows, but I was dimly conscious that something, uot some one, was moviug and searching among us for some thing it could not fiud. I felt all the weak helplessness of nightmare and tbo same uight- marc and tho same oppressive terror of some thing that was going on within my presence, but boyond my powcrto control. I could feel tho skiu draw tight around my forehead, and thoro was that pricking sensation about tho scalp, a lifting of tho hair, that legacy of some far-off snvngo ancestor when man had moro traits in oommon witli the brutes. I could no moro movo than if a great weight had been on«my chest, nnd thcro was a vumbliug sound as of water In my cars Then, with a fooling of indofiunblo horror, I saw the blankets about Rich begin to unroll, uot aa though ho wero throwing them off, but with a creeping, nmcebodionl motion, as though endowed with a life of their own. Then Ricli himself began to rise, a sort of mcohnnioal motion Uko a figure coming up through the tran of a theatre. Tho pale light of the embers through bis face into ghastly lines and wrinkles, and ou it thcro was stamped tho snmo dumb terror that I I could feel upon my own. And still there persisted that feeling of another presence in the cave, though there was not definite in tho moving Bhadows. On Rich's face there was a look of piteous ap peal, as he seemed to bo dragged to his feet uud drawn, mutely resisting, across the cave toward tlio door. I felt that ho was being drawn to his dcuth, as though somo horrible fato awaited him oa tho threshold, but for tho lifo of me I could not move a linger to save him, and the other sleeping figures by et)J as death, all unmindful of what was going on. Tho wind howled and tho thunder boomed down tho hollows of tho cliff, and still Rich was dragged slowly, resisting but scarcely struggling, toward tho door. The lightning flashes lit up his agonized faco liko that of a prisoner on tho rack, and his shadow writhed in tho bright Hashes ngainsttho wall. I could havo nlmost sworn tlioro were two shadows, but tho dumb helplessness of half- sleep confused me. Thcro wn9 something unreal and unnatural in it nil, and yet, back of the terror of tlio moment, there seemed to hang a deeper horror of somo tragedy that I could feel but could not understand. It was a second " Damnation of Faust," and I a helpless spectator on tho odgo of tho Brocket), gazing in fascinated terror at tho abyss into which at any moment I might myself be drawn. But it could not last. Tho strain was too intenso. Tho shrinking figure reached tho doorway, and I was nlmost pro- pared to see him struck down by nn avenging blast of lightning, Uko the tcrrifio str.ge effect in somo great tragedy. But instead of that tho lightning, which though fitful had been almost unceasing, died out into silent black ness. Only in the centre of the cavo tho bluo light of tbo embers seemed to float, liko a dentli-flro over nn open grave, but gave neither light nor shadows. I lost sight of Rich, there was the sound of a struggle in tho darkness, nnd then thcro broke out an agonized yoU of pure animal terror. The spell was broken. -Tho bnlf-light of the firo— red, warm, and grateful— filled tho cavo again. The boys started from- their blaflkets, guns in hand, and I found" raysolf bonding over Rich, who wns lying insensible in the doorwny. I was dripping with cold sweat, and ho was whito and cold as a corpse, with tlio blood running from a big out in his forehead, whore ho had faUon against tho rock doorway. Tho storm had passed ovor and tho thunder was growling off on tho far side of the Rio Grande, while the rocks outside wero still wet and dripping with, tho rain. But tho moon wss breaking through tho clouds and tho air smellad fresh and cool. The boys wanted to know what was tho matter, but I hardly knew whether my paf t in tho uncanny scone h»<l been moro than a dream, so I told them I did not know, oxcopt that I had the nightmnro and Rich seemed to havo been walking in his sleep. But he seemed to bo pretty well used up by his fall, and it took a liberal dronohing with water and allopathic dose of whisky to put any Hfo into him. Tho next morning bo was half delirious, witli a high fever, nnd had to bo left in tho cliff-house while the rest of tho party went" out to work. Howard was something of a doctor and did tho best ho could for him; and when night came nnd tho boys had got to supper, Rich ate a littlo something and dropped off to sleep. I had gono to sleep, too, glad onough that his caso'hnd turned out no worse than it was, for, there had been something truly awful in tho way his illness had corao about. I had not spoken to any one but Nod Howard about tho truo story of our joint nightinaro experience, and be had only said " Humph 1" aud let tho matter drop. » It must havo been past midnight when I wnked by the sound of 6hote outside, and old Salts shook mo, saying: "For God's sako, Gap, got up 1 Rich's loose, and ho's gono plumb locoed I" I rolled out of my blankets nnd started for the door, but tho old paokor held me back. " Look out," ho whispered ; "ho's crazy as. a loon, and he's shooting up tho rock-houses." As I looked out another shotsounded ; and, pcoring from tho shelter of tho doorway, I saw Rich about twenty-fivo yards away, crouchiug In au angle of tho cliff with a pair of revolvers in his hands, apparently trying to keep off somo invisible assailant who was hovering in front of him. Ho was yelling some warning at tho top of bis voioc, and pow and then letting fly a shot. It was a terribly nervo-trying Bight, tho half-dros9od madman thcro in tho moonlight, battling with his invisible foes. It was so sudden, too. 'And tlionihore recurred to mo tho Boono in the cavo tho night beforo— tho agonized look of terror on tho young follow's face that till that moment I had more than half believed was a figment of ray own imagination. Tho madness was, then, Dot bo sudden, but had beon coming on ail that time, perhaps aggravated by tho ghastly stories told tho night beforo about tho fire. Tho thought had hurdly flashed aoross my mind, when ho emptied tho last shot from his pistols. Ho snapped thom onco or twice, hesitated, and thon, liko a man driven des perately to bay, throw them at something in front of him, and, dodging as though from some terrible pursuer, camo racing up the cliff liko a hunted jack-rabbit. It was a hor rible, broken path, strewn with boulders. On tho one hand rose tho straight wall of tho cliff, and on tho other was tuo broken slope of tho talus running down fifty feet to the water below. A slip on tho odgo would mean death.. Wo yelled to the fugitivo, but ho did not heed U9j and bounded along from bowlder to bowlder on tbo very edge of tho cliff, sometimes looking back ana shaking his fist, and again gathering hiinsolf for a spring, liko a inouutaiu sheep, and skimming along at racing speed where it would be hard to walk oven in day-time. He passed ub liko a flash and was gone along tho terrace, yelling liko a madman, now plainly visiblo in tho bright patches of moon light and .again lost in tho shadows. Wo followed In hope of bringing him back, but it was Uko chasing a night-hawk. The other boys wero also out and joined in tho chase. " Did you see it, Cap ?" pointed old Salts, as wo raced along tho ledgo, with tho wild figure of Rich dancing ahead of us. " Seo what?" I snapped ODgrily, for I gucssca wna; no meant, but did not want to own it. " The otbci: thing, the— by God, Cap, I can see it now ; it's foUerin him." But just then the runner stopped and threw up his hands. The cliff bent n sharp angle and ran straight across his path. Ho was a hundred yards away, but we could seo him double and turn this way and nnd that, seeking a place of escape, springing up aud clutching tno smooth faco of tho cliff, like a rat a water-bucket, trying overy direction but the open path behind him that scorned to be blocked by somo horrible, but, to us, invisible shapo. And thou, to our horror, ho faced toward us, and, with his bnok to the cliff, lighting desperately with his hands a some thing la froul of him, he began to edge out along a narrow ledge that ran out and over hung tho water. Wo yelled to him with all our strength and redoubled oar speed, but he did not seem to hear, and fighting frantically at some Thing that seemed to be grappling at hie throat, he staggered back stop by step toward the edge, und then, !orue down by some powerful autagouist, he son knoes on tho very odgo of the rock, swayeu, u'tdj scream, toppled over backward, ciuteMuff at the air, turning and writhing in his fall, over and ovor und down, striking a projecting ledgo and bounding off iuto deep water with a seething ruck of hubbies aud foam that swept down and was lost in tho, current. \- We picked bur way down tho talus to the water in tlio faint hopo .of recovering the body. Salts peered out around the corner of the cliff, stepping on wh&t; seemed to be a log, but it gave way under his foot, and he drew back with an oath. Thcro in the still water formed by ihe eddy, bobbing up and down whero his foot had set it in motion, was a bloated corpse, months old, caught in tho tangle of tho bushes growing in the 6lack water. It had apparently been kept only by the ice-cold water. Tho face was horrible and beyond recognition oven in tho bright moon light, while the very clothes looked bleached and wan from their long immersion. It was a soldier, for it wore the long, blue overcoat and cavalry boots, but we tried to lift it, the oloth camo away in handfuls liko wet blotting-paper. Salts turned It over with a stick, and as the long, black, matted hair came into view, and in the car a Hog gold ear-ring, be exoltfmed j " Lon CorclU 1 Ho's flo&tod; down stream hero and lodged." " But what's he doing hero 7" Ioxclaimod, half resentfully, as though tho presense of tho corpse had something to do wifh tho horriblo scone wo had just beon witnessing. Salts said nothing, but worked his stick ns a lover, and tho thlngin the water rolled over sluggishly, bringing tho broad back to view, and there, sticking behind thoshouldcr-blado, was a silver-mounted dirk. Tho old paokor stooped and drew it out and tprncd it over in tho bright moonlight. Then ho pointed to somo lettering on the handtc and jerked his head toward tho middle of tho rlvor. "It's his knife," said ho. 