"TALES FROM THE SEA.—No. 2. (Written for Quiz.) Let me see, the last yarn I told you was a shade tragic, was it not ? Well, this time I'll spin you one with a bit -of fun in it. Here goes. We were carrying emigrants from London to Bockhampton, Queensland, with a large proportion of single girls, who were caged off from the single men and married folks, and had the run of the poop, where, when the matron was at meals or napping, the chaps at the wheel made the most of their oppor tunities, you bet. Result—About a dozen of the fellows swore eternal love to about two dozen of the girls, and promised faithfully to mariy them on -arrival at Rockbampton, and, strange to say, some of them did marry, too. Of course we were not all bent on the marrying business, and those who were not knocked as much fun and mischief but of the show as they could. The doctor, a T.C.D. man from Xilkenuy, and the skipper, a Sligo man—as festive a pair as ever cracked a. bottle—really did not care much what went on so long as there was no real harm done. Some days of course a girl could not get a chance to speak to her chap, either owing to bad weather, extra watchfulness on the part of the matron, or because perhaps 3ier fellow's trick at the wheel did not •fit in, and as sea love is very ardent, either or both would write messages, which were duly delivered through the medium of some of the married men, who acted as constables, and had access to the single girls' quarters at oertain stated times. Well, amongst the hands for'd was •a very handsome Pole, with light -curling hair, and one of the hand somest moustachios that ever I saw on a man in my life. JQCe was a well set-up fellow too, and had a splendid " shanty" voice; in fact, he always "sang out1' on the ropes during his watch. Taking him all in all, barring his being a " Dutchman " (generic name for Germans, Poles, &c.;), he was just the sort of man who would catch the eye of an immigrant girl. There was a blue-eyed Irish girl-called Kate, who got the Dutchman on the ar end of her towline, and they had a mighty good time of it for a bit, until it struck some of us mischief-makers that it was time for us to have a bit of fun with the ^Dutchman. We got hold of the constable who carried the messages, and for a plug of tobaccoo persuaded him to let one of us first toad the letters before delivery. Pat's sense of honor was not very fine —neither was ours for that matter— so after reading a few epistles we thought we would improve on them in the future. The beginning was gentle, but soon we put it in strong, and made Kate tell the Dutchman that she had decided after his last most insulting letter to have nothing more to do with him, and that he need not attempt to speak to her again. We fixed up Dutch's reply equally offensively, with the result that neither would look at the other. In a very short time it was noticed amongst his mates that the Dutchman was getting very queer, and used to mutter a lot to himself, while he had become quite silent on the ropes. One night in the middle watch Dutchy was caught by one of us in the act of jumping overboard! When asked what was the matter he said there were a lot of Freemasons on board who meant to cut his throat, and he decided to go overboard. By Jove, all this gave us conspirators a bit of a start; but we had our cue, and quickly decided to make a Mason of the fellow straight out. So one of us told him, " That's all right, old chap. Why did you not speak before, and we would have saved you any trouble." The thing was settled the next evening, towards the end of the second dog watch. We would have the ceremony in the " house," i.e., the structure on deck where four of us lived. We had to let one or two giris into the secret so as to get the necessary vestments made up—linen masks, girls' nightshirts, <fec., figuring in the properties. To make the cere mony impressive we on some plea or another borrowed a "British Phar macopoeia " from the doctor, and had trained the saiimaker, our inner friend, for a couple of hours to repeat some expressions in dog-Latin, and having fixed up our " house " and donned the masks and nightshirts, <fcc., a con federate outside brought the candi date along, and having knocked and given the password, "Pro bono publico," and being aswered, "Multum in parvo thurnamodeoul," he was ad mitted in due form, when he was at once seized and pressed down on his knees. We had a very dim light screened off at one end of our small space, and all the Dutchman could see was four white masks, bordered with black tape however. The click of a revolver placed against his head focussed his attention smartly on the figure in front of him who, having quoted all the Virgil, Caesar, Sallust, and Nepos that he knew, treated the poor Dutchman to a page of the pre scriptions from the " Pharmacopoeia." which I must say was very, very con vincing—with the cocked pistol at the candidate's head all the time. He was now called on to swear by all his saints to obey the rules read out from the "Pharmacopoeia." This being done, he was put through a solemn catechism as to all his dealings with the girl Kate. Lord 1 some of us had all our time to keep from roaring when it came to some of the parts. After this he was again sworn under the most terrible and ferocious penalties never to reveal a word of what passed that night, and then the Grand Barber was called, and the candidate's magnificent moustache was duly lathered with soap, and while the revolver still did duty the razor in two or three strokes left the \ Dutchman's upper lip bare. Before he had time to say a word the scissors were at work on the top of his curly head, and then the lather, and in a few moments we had the whole of his head toxfilred ! You never saw such a sight in your life. 'Pon my soul, I do not know to this hour how we managed to contain ourselves when we saw him stand up off his kpees, but we had to finish, so next inducted him into the signs. I forget half of them, but one special sign that we told him he must give the captain was as followsWhen at the wheel, and the captain, as was his wont, was walking up and down the weather side of the poop, he (Dutchy) was to lay his forefinger alongside his nose with his thumb straight across his mouth, and remain so until the skipper looked haird at him; then he was to take his finger down and throw his arm right across his head and up on the wheel ? Well, that night there was a regular to-do when one of the other watch came in to warm himself at the bogey and saw the Dutchman's white scalp in the fitful flare up of the fire. By George, he thought he saw a ghost— the cap having fallen off in sleep. Next day came the climax, when Dutchy gave the signs to the skipper. The old man nearly choked with rage, and ordered " that d d fool to be sent away from the wheel." Of course the old man made enquiries from the chief officer, and presently the mis chief was shunted home to myself and a fellow who had been fourth on one of the Pacific S.N. boats, but who was doing a spell with us as A.B. until a little trouble was over. Well, we were paraded privately, and had to tell the old man the whole yarn. He kept his countenance till near the end, and then exploded, and I thought he would have a fit, for of course the yarn was better fresh and from our mouths than I can write it after years of interval His final remark after calling us " d—■—d young scamps," &c.;, was, " Why the devil did you not use a red hot poker on the d d Dutchman V7 Now comes the end. The Pole recovered his sense*. The letters were fixed right again, and I'll be hanged if he did not bolt from us up on the Fitzroy, and we heard afterwards that he married Irish Kate. —A.B. The Port Iincolii Quadrille Assembly held their wind-up dance of the season in the Institute Hall on September 25. The polonaise pblka opening the dance showed to advantage the many pretty dresses.. Among the ladies present were—Mrs. Altman, pale blue crepon; Mrs. John Haigh, pale green with whiteribbons; . -■ it ■ ■' Mrs. Seddon, white corded silk, pink sleeves ; Mrs. McFarlane, black and heliotrope; Mrs. Matthews, black and crimson; Mrs. Sinclair, black; Mrs. Dutton, black ; Mrs. Brougham, grey; Mrs. T. B. Hawson (Brighton), black lace and scarlet velvet ; Mrs. Valen tine, black; Mrs. Wood, cream crepon Miss Smith, black ; Miss Davis, cream Miss M. McFarlane, black and scarlet Miss Jessie McFarlane, pink ; Mi*s Horn, cream, with red roses; Miss Hull, black, with white sleeves, pink ribbons ; Miss Tapley, black and red ; Miss Flo. Tapley, black and yellow; Miss Stevenson, blue and white silk; Miss Button! pink, with sage grew trimmings * Miss Chapman, black and pink; Miss Puckridge, black and red; Miss Maud Puckridge, pink; Miss Daisy Bruce, white; Miss Mabel Bruce, black velveteen; Miss A. L. Telfer, pale blue silk, with white chiffon; Miss Tot Farrant, cream and pink; Miss Morris, white and hello* trope; Miss May Morris, cream, with grey ribbons; Miss Griffin, cream; Miss A, Griffin, cream, green silk sleeve; Miss I. Giffin, cream; Miss Hawson, cream, with blue silk sleeves ; Miss Melville, yellow and scarlet; Miss Clark, pale green; Miss Player, white; Miss T. O'Shanahan, white, with pink dowers; Miss Beare, cream and scarlet; Miss M. Tuckhott, white and blue; Miss E. Tucknott, black and pink; Misses Puckridge (2), white. 