THE PLENARY SYNOD IN SYDNEY. ORDER OF CEREMONIES. THE PUBLIC SESSIONS IN THE CATHEDRAL. On Saturday afternoon the proceedings of the Second National Synod of Australia, in which 20 prelates and 60 of the senior clergy are taking part, commenced with the private meeting of the Archbishops and Bishops at St. Patrick's College, Manly. At this meeting, at which the Cardinal presided, the officials of the Synod were appointed. The committees were also elected, and the order of procedure and the rule of life during the Synod sanctioned. With all the splendour, stateliness, and magnificence of which the Catholic Church in Australia is capable, the public sittings of the Second Plenary Council was inaugurated at St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, on Sunday. In harmony with the occasion the sanctuary had been decorated with flowers, but, lest the architectural beauties of the High Altar should be hidden, only a trifling levy was made upon the gardens. The most conspicuous feature of the decora- tions was afforded by two groups of Christmas lilies that had been placed one on each side of the sanctuary. palms rose above each of these groups, and similar foliage had been intertwined in the upper portions of the High Altar. The effect was most pleasing. Nor had attention been bestowed merely upon the spectacular, but other senses than that of sight were gratified. This arose from the musical service, which consisted of Gounod's Messe Solennelle, and that this might be performed in a manner befitting the occasion, Mr. Wiegand, at the special request of the Cardinal, undertook to preside at the organ. There was considerable augmentation of the choir, and the services were secured of 20 instrumentalists, the rule being acted upon of limiting the orchestra to string and wood wind instruments. The congregation in the Cathedral was unusually large, and the attendants had always to be on the alert lest any pew should be occupied by one less than the complement it was designed to hold. And after all the seats had been taken up, people continued to stream into the building until even the passages were full. The service commenced with a procession, in which were embraced the Cardinal, the Archbishops, the Bishops, and the heads of the various religious orders taking part in the council. As the procession entered the Cathedral, the anthem, Ecce Sacerdos Magnus, was sung. The celebrant of the Mass was the Right Rev. Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, the Very Rev. D. Verlin officiating as assistant priest. The sermon was preached by the Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher, Coadjutor-Bishop of Goulburn. Dr. Gallagher said that for the second time inside of ten years the Episcopate of Australia were assembled in Plenary Council in that mother church of the metropolitan city of the southern world. At the desire of their illustrious Pontiff they had come together to draw up those decrees, and to devise those means, which, after mature deliberation, their united wisdom and experience, assisted by the Holy Ghost, deemed most suited for the true progress of their great country, the preservation and diffusion of faith, the improvement of morals, the interests of religion, the greater glory of God, and the salvation of souls. The special object of this second council was to consolidate the work so well begun in the Council of 1885, to secure the more complete execu- tion of its decrees, to promote uniformity and holiness of discipline by bringing local variations (if such existed) back to the standard of general usage, to improve and extend the system of parochial schools, to confirm the faith and increase the fervour by quickening the zeal of the people, to infuse fresh sap and life into every branch and fibre of the heavenly vine, which their predecessors planted in the generous soil of their beloved country. At the conclusion of the service the " Hallelujah Chorus " was sung, and the procession reformed and returned to the presbytery. With the exception of the venerable Bishop of Sandhurst, who is not able to leave his diocese, all the prelates of Australia are present, including the three Archbishops, the Most Rev. Dr. Garr, of Melbourne, the Most Rev. Dr. Dunne, of Brisbane, and the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily, of Adelaide. Tasmania is repre sented by Archbishop Murphy and the RightRev. Dr. Delany.Coadjutor-Bishop. j New -Zealand, in accordance with ! arrangements made long since, is not I teDresented. ' The proceedings of the Synod Sydney contemporary) may be thus classified:—1. Public Sessions. -2. General Congregations. 3. Private Congregations. 4, Committees. The Public Sessions are held in the Cathedral, and are open to all the faithful. All the Bishops, secretaries, theologians, representatives of dioceses, heads of eligions orders, and all others who form part of the Plenary Synod, take part in them, wearing their full choral dress. The Sessions begin and close with a procession. At the public sessions the Profession of Faith is made, the Decrees are promulgated, the Acts of the Synod are Bigned, and all other matters are transacted at which the faithful are entitled to assist. There will be three of these solemn public sessions:— 1\. On Sunday, the 17th of November, when the Synod was formally commenced. 2\. On the 24th, for the commemoration of our deceased prelates. 3\. On the 1st December, for the promulgation of the Decrees and the close of the Synod. His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily, Archbishop of Adelaide, is to deliver the second public discourse on Sunday morning, 24th inst. His Grace is to preach what is known as the " In Memoriam " address, and it is a pathetic circumstance that at the Plenary Council of 1885 his predecessor in Adelaide, the late Most Rev. Archbishop Reynolds, had the same subject. The third discourse, on the morning of the last public session, will be by his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne. The Archbishops and Bishops, with the officials of the Synod, form the Private Congregations. All these meetings are held at the Manly College. All the matters submitted to the Synod are freely and fully discussed. The Bishops sit in order of seniority alternately at each side of the President's chair, and each in turn gives his opinion on the matter proposed. No Bishop speaks more than once on the same subject without the permission cf the Synod. On the leBS important occasions, the votes are taken by the Bishops standing up who are in favour of the proposed matter, and subsequently by those standing np who are opposed to it. On all important matters the votes are given in order of seniority by secret suffrages, the papers being collected by the assistant secretaries. The object of the committees in which the elected clerics take part is to draft or reduce to proper form the special matters assigned to them. When the committee have fully drafted a series of decrees on any subject proposed to them, such decrees are handed to the secretary of the Synod, to be submitted to the Bishops in the Private Congregations. The committees vary in number as the Bishops may deem expedient. THE COUNCIL OF 1885. In the Pastoral Letter of the Arch bishops and Bishops of Australasia in Plenary Council assembled, issued at the close of the council of 1885, the progress of the Church was thus reviewed:— " The prevalent impression on our minds during these days of our Council is one of intense thankfulness to God, who has so blessed the mustard seed of the Faith in the Church of Australasia. At a date so recent as to be quite within the lifetime of men still moving amongst us, there was not one priest, nor one single altar, in all these southern lands. It was not simply that the ministration of the Church was poor and scant; but, as a matter of fact, it did not exist. Children came into the world, and there *» was no Catholic clergyman nearer than the Northern hemisphere to baptise them. Old men were dying on the scaffold, or in their beds, but the Indian and Pacific Oceans, and the coral seas of the North Jay between them and all the sacraments of the dying. Within sight of where we are now assembled tbe Mystery of - the Most Holy Sacrament, was by stealth in a poor man's housi its faithful lay worshippers whole of God's Church in this world at the beginning of tfij century. At the present hour tl in the colonies number several" the-churches are among the most ful in Christendom; and there " a religious community in the which is not largely represented in out" midst. Every town has its convent and Catholic schools; and an assembly of eighteen Australasian prelates meetBhere in this capital of New South Wales. A, Cardinal is Archbishop of Sydney, and presides over such meeting. Such,a contrast between the beginning and the idoBe of a century is unexampled in history, Suoh Sa blessing of fruitfiilness is unof Goulburn.; {Martin Griver, Bishop paralleled since the early ages of the Apostles." This Pastoral went to the world with the signatures of-fPatrick Card. ifpran, Archbishop ^ of Sydney,, Apostolic Delegate; ^Daniel Murphy, Bishop of fiobart ; {-Rudespind, Bishop oflPort Victoria; {Patrick Moran, Bishop, of Dunedin^ ihTjames Murray, Bishop of Maitland; .{William Lanjgan, Bishop of Perth; {Christopher Augustine, Bishop of Adelaide; {Francis Redwood, S.M., Bishop of Wellington; {Elzeare Torreggiani, O.S.F.C., Bishop of Armidale; jjohn Cani, Bishop of Rockhampton ; {Robert Dunne, Bishop of Brisbane ; {John Edmund Luck, O.S.B., Bishop of Auckland; | James Moore, Bishop of Ballarat; {Stephen Reville, O.S.A., Bishop of Ceram, Coadjutor of fSandhurst; {Joseph Patrick Byrne, Biehop of Bathurst; John Hutchinson, O.S.A., Vicar-Apostolic of N. Queensland; Patrick Joseph Slattery, Procurator of Archbishop of Melbourne. Of the prelates whose names appear, three have passed away—Archbishop Reynolds, of Adelaide; Bishop Griver, of Perth; and Bishop Moran, of Dunedin. The venerable Archbishop Goold, of Melbourne, who was represented by Archdeacon Slattery at the Council, has also been called to his reward. ST. PATRICK'S COLLEGE, MANLY. WHERE THE SYNOD IS BEING HELD. The Plenary Synod of 1885 was held at St. Mary's, the Cathedral being used for the public sessions and the presbytery for the private meetings of the prelates and the committee work. This time the magnificent Ecclesiastical College at Manly is available. There is ample accommodation for|all thejrepresentatives of the Church taking part in the Synod at St. Patrick's. Within those great white walls, " the world forgetting," in a sense, if not " by the world forgot," during the coming fortnight prelates and priests will be quietly but actively engaged perfecting old rules of order and discipline and preparing new plans for the " local government ' of the Church. Their duties both in committees and in general bodies assembled will cover many things of deep and solemn interest, and under God's blessing much will of a certainty be accomplished for the advancement of religion, for the spread of education, and for the increase of those institutions of charity and benevolence which have been justly lauded as " tbe chiefest glory of the Church beneath the Southern Cross." A " Freeman" reporter visited the college on Tuesday, and found Monsignor Verdon, the Rector, putting the fintil touches to his admirably- ordered arrangements. Everything in the now almost magically transformed grounds and within the college itself is in perfect order. The Cardinal has arranged for the Archbishop of Melbourne and Bishop Doyle to occupy rooms at tbe palace. All the other prelates and the clergy will be accommodated in the college. The Bishops each have a bedroom and sitting-room on the first floor of the college fronting Manly beach. A special steamer has been engaged to take prelates and priests to Sydney and back on the three Sundays set apart for the public sessions in St. Mary's Cathedral. Excepting these visits to the city, the whole time of the Synod will be spent at Manly. A CONNECTING-LINK BETWEEN 1885 AND 1895. The college itself, it is of interest to note, in a peculiar way connects the first Plenary Council of 1885 with the present Plenary Synod of 1895. It was during the first Council, summoned by the Cardinal as Apostolic Delegate, that the foundations were laid and blessed. The completed building was blessed and opened on 23rd January, 1889. The Very Rev. T. O'Farrell, C.'SS.R., was the preacher on the ocoasion. In connection with the opening of the beautiful building, which, with the furniture, has cost £70,000, the Cardinal- Archbishop at the time addressed a circular to the clergy of 'the Diocese of Sydney,in which his Eminence said:— " It is needless for me to dwell at any length on the advantagps which such an Ecclesiastical College is destined to confer upon this diocese, and in some ^pleasure, too, upon all the Australian """ jurch. Suffice it to say that nation can be said to have ed the full perfection of its in the religious life, unless its wWjchildren shall be found aspiring to iei9j$ictuary and devoting themselves to irvjejGod in the sacred ministry. Now, haij^he Ecclesiastical College proposes jxits^lf is, to place within the reach of Australia's sons, who may desire to serve irtrtte altar of God, a centre for the 1 higher " _1 sacred 3 studies —at 1 —>--'-i- which ^ they may prepare themselves for the divine inheritance . marked out for them, and be disciplined for the duties of their sacred, gaping. From the very beginning of his Episcopate, it , *yas an anxious thought of the first bishop of this see, the illustrious Archbishop Polding r to make at least the commencement ofBO great a work; and for this purpose, when the Government grant for,an episcopal residence was made at Man^y,«he prudently arranged that a clause be inserted in the deeds land was dedicated also for the purposes of an Ecclesiastical College. Nor should this anxiety of the venerable prelate cause us any surprise. In many of the most flourishingchurches of Christendom in former times the episoopal hoosQ was itself the Ecclesiastical Seminary, and it was considered that no more important duty could devolve upon the Bishop than to be himself the instructor of thoso who v.-ere destined to be his assistants and c-.)-oporators in the divine ministry of the salvation of souls. From the first days of my mission in Australia I also felt assured that the time was come when such a college should be opened amongst us. It was, however, a vaBt undertaking, for when we looked to the future requirements of the Australian Church, and when we considered that a great and glorious destiny is in store for this fair land, it was expedient that so far as resources would permit, even the material building should not be unworthy of its exaltod purpose. The work was begun and the foundations of the new college were blessed on the memorable occasion when all the Australasian prelates were assembled in Plenary Council, and in the presence of almost all those venerable bishops, and of the other dignitaries of the council, as well as of a large number of the laity. The building, now happily completed, has been hitherto carried on at my solo expense, and I trust that in a few years it may be entirely free from all burden of debt." 