Tiufc SjtoKyAftUer* A KlUfllS MADNESS. By tbb Author of ? Thb- Quhen Agaih&t; Owen,' &c;, &c.; [Continued.] OHAPTEJR VI. Catherine's Secret. _ Mr. Smith beoamo eloquent on the subject of porchers, and thereby woo his hearer's hearty * ?-'' ' Poacher i in termiD, I bold, and should be shot as Bach,' he concluded. ? The other nodded approval of this Dra conian sentiment. ' Talking of that.1 went on Mr. Smith, with some irreTeranoo, ? who was that, young gent I met this af tnr noon, ootn ing. yonr lane, Mr. Dawson f ' On horaebaok, d'you mean P'1 said Mr. Dawaon. 'Yei.' ' That was Mr. Haworthy, the young fellow that. Mist Eva's esfragad to, laetwaya w«a engaged to.1 \- What ! Isn't she now ?' ? No ; I heard only jaat before you oame in that it 'e broken 'off. The * coachman was in there telling me about it.' * Dear) me. And when did that happen? 1 Well, they tbink that it was, only finally done to-day, but that it been coming for some days, because Miss, Eva hasn't been like her ?ell at all; she's been that -moping and miserable, they tell me. ?Then why on earth. haaaheibroken it off?' ' Ah, the coaohman says it is'nj her doing at all, but master's. .., There's been soenes ba tween them lately, and Mill Hva'a come oat from them' looking like a ghost, and old Grosser-he's .-, been that orusty.- and can tankerous that we've all been afraid to speak to him.' ' That' very strange,' murmured Mr. Smith. 1 Ain't it ? And all; the the more so bi. cause Mils Eva'a always been such a pet. She coulri do what she. liked with her father ever since she was that high.' The speaker -lowered his hand .to mark a height of about two feet from 'the floor, but his listener was not looking. ?And this Mr. Haworthy, what sort of a man ia he? was Mr. Smith's next question. ?A thorough good sort. Nerer went out with me yet that tie didn't tip me a sovereign. Comes of a good old Stalneshire family, too.' 'And. has he 'any connection with Sir Ar thar— with my master t ' 'Not he.. What connection should be have?' Unless it^was as a sort of rival. Sir. Arthur's boon here a bit this last month or two making eyes at Miss Eva, so they say, for all the world as if he hadn't got a wife already, the brute.' Mr. Smith listened thoughtfully, and put some further questions.' But nothing else transpired worth noting. He then took his leave, expressing a hope thet his visit Would apeedily bo returned by Mr. Dawson. Though Mr. Smith had proved himself Borne what rcmisB in his official duties, he had been carofulnot to neglect Mrs. Burlston-all this time. Ah the result of hie attentions, an atmosphere of the utmoBt friendliness pro vailed in the Lodge. They began to call eaob other Jom ana Catherine, and soon malioious tongues up at the house were not wanting to ?ay that the late Burliton would have a suc cessor with his reliot before the grass was green above bis grave. At last, aftor about a fortnight's periisteat siege, Mr. Smith thought the time had come for an assault. It was nine o'clook.in the evening, supper had just been disposed of, and they were sitting together in front of the fire, Catherine becoming slightly senti mental under the influence of her favorite beverage. 1 Take another glass, Catherine, and then there's something I want to say to you,' com xnenoed her companion. Mrs. Burlston «;omplied without the least reluotanoe, and then said : 'Well, wh&cisitl;' ' Catherine, a fine young woman like yon oughtn't to be a widow.' ' Go on, now 1 'retorted the lady. The gentleman took her literally. ' Should you be very angry if I was to ask you to alter the spelling of your name — your surname, Catheriue ?' ' Why, what do you mean, Jem ?' Jem's reply was to bring his, arm right round tho lady's waist, and to say : ' What should you say to beginningjt with an Snow?' Silence. 'And going on with an M, and then an I, and then a T, ana' finally winding up with an H?' Silence still. 'What should you say to me if I was to ask yon before very long 'to call yourself Mrs. Smith, my dear V 1 Oh, Jem, von don't mean it I' But. when Jem proved that he did mean it, by a method of demonstration not included-in Aristotle's logic, yet with which that great writer was perfectly familiar, as there is every reason to suppose from other passages in bin works, when Jem rose to the occasion, and beBtowed a gallant salute upon her matronly countenance. Mrs. Bnrlston betrayed abso lutely no resentment whatever. In short, within a very few minutes the pair were as thoroughly settled down as if- they had, been engaged for ten years, or, better still, been married for a similar period. Mr. Smith took the occasion to inform the widow that he had brought savings to the amount of four hundred pounds with. him from New Zealand And tben, with a curiosity which was doubtless natural, bow ever wanting _in good taste, be began to sound his f nture sponso on certain unexplained points in her own situation. He commenced with a reference to his predecessor. ' What wag really the matter between you, and Burlston V he asked. . To be continued. 