Original Novelette- ' — THE — Royal George Beef. An Australian Tale. BY PAUL TWYFORD. ' [An, EioHia Beeebved!] VII.— (OOHTIKDED.) \- Mrs. Attewell was none tbn worse, he said, for her rather rough -bath, in the Nepean;' ? . and as he could be of no further use he'd Ret away home, for he w«s tired. But as Miss Eoboy stoutly ofejooted, he thought that be and the .fair-haired young man might pos Ablyamute the' other irk man, and them - ... selves too. So preparations were made in BlaudyV room fora 'night of it'— thatis, as far as m whisky, cigars; etc, would con duce to excite speech in those who talked , Dr. HoXham was a capital 'raconteur;' . and having travelled a good deal, had some thing to talk about ; while he thoroughly en-' \- joyed Fred's plain, matter-of-fact yarns of gold field We. ?? So the old army surgeon and Fred whiled sway the tediousneBS of Blandy'p ' - wakeful hours. ?- : ? ? : Morning came, .and while Fred slept, and Dr. Moxham was. on his way home, Miss Bobey: and . her friend -visited the, injured roan.' Miss Eobey Raw that, the Timt was . - appreciated,- and having installed Mrs. At ?-. ? ^ leweliB3iur8e,.4oieUy.'withdreWjto.givein 1 . structions toiler several male servants to lake , . - '' supplies ,-fe . ilhb: .fwashed-out , farmers all , ? . i. around;.Tio matter whoae tenants thoy were. '.-.,. ' ?-' As soon as 3tily foniid herself ialone with '? : Jaok, «he buret into tears.; BudrtBldn^ Jus ^?hondin*ere-Ji)sseait. .' :? .'-j.* .:' ;.. - : i- Poor ;Jadfr- and ttus'-ll through mo— -?' : ~-; .and- I jvas-.not worthy of it. Twice you ? have saved my life,' and on neither: occasion ^ didlk»iowthat:'twasyouwhb.;iieldmejn your arms.-- Forgive me, Jack, for the past' ?_ —though, God knows, I repented before I . - * reached hiime that '.evening when, we part ? . -.???- odaiPanboumo. Ton uevqr. wrote, and your ? father oonld never tell me your address.. ??'.'_ . Dear Jack, .say'.'&at; joa have forgiven ??-;,?-. ? '. me.';; . '? .;.- '- ;' .-. ? ' '' . -. . .1 .-'. i.. ' . :»* Long ago; jjily dear; and my heart was i, ...' .' VenMnK'when I saw yon at Gantalong in ?-'..?- ? . widow's :w8eds; Tint' you, did pot know nie. /? I longed . to' 'mike 'myself known— and was ' ' advised to do BO by my friends— tut I was . poor, and yon were possibly wealthy, and so .the stubborn' spirit got tho better of me. .If it . ' . .''. bo not asking too jnuoh, lay your head here, ? . . noar mine, and kiss roe.' ..'.'' ? She did so; and asked him about his in juries. . , . ' Now, Lily dear, tell me something of the past. IhavoheardjoBtaUtUefromMorley, but I would like to hear more.' . And' .there, in the. old-fashioned colonial room with the windows looking out into tho ' - - swollen .river. Lily Atteipoll, with her hedd resting on %be pillow beside his,1 told (he story, ? :. of aiid tenyeare.' .^;j.: '. ' ? Tlio story:««nbraoeda yarje^ of .Incidents,7 of boreavnments^vhepU^lith^raa buBy, of re . verKW when fortune WBBjMAlo, and of «c oidtmlo when health' was imporillod. ? Shu roaohod Sydney, Worked , forJber Uving in iOTenJ oapioities and 'become RndUy sngiged u oompkhloa to K»te Robey. In Mr. Hobey*« hoiisa'' In* boobiIm aouuaintnd with Mr. AtteweU, » vWower, who had been tw«n^ j'ma toUowing squatting pariuiU: iu Kow ttuulu U'u.co aua had louud lliu iilo lonely and wiiirisomo, though mbro than or dinanly pi-osporouf fro far as money-making was conwmed. This Mr. Attewell Lily married, with Kate n.s orideKmaid, and to Kate uguin, after the catabtropho which madu lier^a .widow, she returned.- - ?? ' ' ' Jocii.h'ad also experiences to recount ; nor wore Kate and Fred without a similarly sn terafiting occupation ; and so the time passed till Fred came in one day. witii a. suoot of papiir in bis hand and anxiety and indigna tion in his look. ' ' It was a telegram, and ran thus : 'Come at onco. Olaim jumped; jumpers getting gold in now tunnel. ? 'BENnAM.' 'Eate, I^must go at once. Lend, mo a good horse and I'll go across Richmond Bridge; if the river is low enough, and up over Bell's Line, I'm Bure 111 get there quiokor that way. Touwe, Kato, it is im portant both to Jack and myself — to all of us— that I should go. I am sorry indeed to leave you so abruptly. But you see how it is; you'll take care of Jack, I know. Don't let him hurry himself or worry about it. How is it with— ' ? Oh, that? s all right,' interrupted Kate, stopping him before further reference was made to Lily. ?That's well; and new I can go light hearted.' 1 What ; and leave me behind f said Koto, with a grimace. 1 Yes dear, for I know that, my return will be expected.' ? You think so. Well, take care of your self for my sake, you know, for I don't want to Iofo you for another de oade.' Poor Fred was almost beside himself with love for the splendid creature; and as he loft her to explain matters to Jack, his eyos were filled with tears. Mrs. Attewell fol lowed him, while Kate gare orders about a horse— a splendid roadster well, able to carry a man of Fred's weight. Jack had just awoke from a doze, and was surprised at the news. Fred must: go, he ; concurred, though he could have much liked to go with him.'. ?86 it's ill fight, Jaok?' ' Yes, old mate, and thanks to you I am alive to say so. Kiss her Fred, before you go, you deserve .it, for your unselfish ,d6' votiou.' , Th'en came the parting embrace with K»to; and she, dear girl, quite forgot her naual. I Keif -possessed demeanour and 'held on to her, but ly lover as. she. tearfully , said good ibye. ? ? ? ?/? ??:.- ?' ? : vm, : * — — he rideth over the plain Foil seven miles broad and seven miles wide. His steed was blaok. ... He was riding at full speed.' Fred's blood was up. He was mad at being thus summarily parted from liis lady love, and boiling over. with rago lo.thiukthat the result of his labour should be touched by other hands. Thus, he rode fast to the low level bridge over. the river below, the 'Grose. The water was Still running strongly, over it, and he was. advised not to attempt the passage. But Fred Morley was a strong man, and the horse he rode was worthy of such a rider. If the water on the deck of .the bridge was breast high he knew he'd he washed over into deep water ; but he resolved to chance ' it, . relying on the strength of tlio superb steed Miss Bobey ta \ provided for liim Saladin was his name, and bravely did he face the angry waters ;, his own weight and that 'of his rider favored -him, and he kept his footing well. ' Arrived at the other other bank, the onlookers gave the bold rider a cheer, and he passed on up . through .the old village of Enfield to tho KurrojODg Height^ where Jhoga.veJ|aladia a rest' and a teeA irad 'nacTsnpper huneelf. _ iB Boun ASthe-mnpi.' rose he was again in the saddle, and jociTng aloug at a steady cantor beneath 'the tail fem troos whioh form ahnost an arcnue along the* old explorer's track. ? Knowing the country well, Fred etruok off to the' right at tic 'Causeway,' and thus came' put 'on the Mudgeo-road at Keen's Swiunp. Here he spelled again for a oonplo of hours, und then on again, caking short spells, of rest occopionally until he reached' the bhiun on the thirdday. . ' \- - Fred was no diplomatist ; he went straight to the claim unarmed with a single scrap of blue official' paper. When the fellows. in possession saw him on his. big, coal, black, xteed they shook in their boots, for Uiay, thought it was the ghost of some ancient bushranger. After two minutes, talk with his two old mates, who had boen'luftin charge, , ho went straight to the tunnel, with his heavy,, riding whip ready for action. It was- his - only weapon, but he could ubo it wonderfully well— as Messieurs the jumpers soon dis covered. Two of them were 'poking about the roof with their picks, while the other two' hold candles. ' What's this you're nptof' roared Fred; 'Who gnve you permission to enter upon this lease fiSlipw your authority at ohoe?' '' ' One of fliem produced a : piece of paper, whioh Fred' tore' into shreds and -pointed 'to - the entrance, with the one word,' 'Clear.!' They hesitated! he was only' one man aud they were four. And then Fred ehovod first one and' then another towards the open cutting, and then one of them heM '-his. pink : menacingly. Down came Fred's whip upon his skull.* ? ? ?*? ' ;- ' Pick him up, Borne of you, and get out of this.' or I'll be tempted to kill the whole gang. of you,' and the four black-muzzled thieves shuffled out of the drive. Fred did not leave them until they were nS the 'ground! and then they began to crow like' bantams,' when in a safe place, that they'd go to the . warden and do great things. ' - , '.?..'. 'Go, and confound yon,' replied Fred. ' Sand Sir. B — ? ? to me and I'll; teach, him more mining wrinkles than ever he, knew. Yon are only, thieve*; Mid 'if. I: catch TOu. on. .this lease again 1'Jl tWsh ; the lof.,of jjon-. and then hand you over to Sergeant O'JWn, : nbll.'11 ! '??«'.-'. *' ''.'-'-'.? ?:?;?:-?''? '„'.;,,. ? 'One follow produoed a revolver and Fred went straight at him, slashed him aoross/tho fade withhSs' whip ana.then'took tbo.wonpoTi from him. tTpon that they 'BneaVrf- oft.' Fm4 -ound . that tho ' men -hail . beeij . in possession four days:-. The two old men had not complained to the warden,- nor' informed -the other shareholders in town, audit 'was oleertoFred amttho old mates were in the swim. Fred rode Into Gnlgnng that night, pat his horse in a good stable and nonirbt Dr. Benham,from whom he hearl that This tleton was away—where be didn't know— and that was why ilie telegram bad 1-een sent to Fred, and Jack.. The 'Doctor was both pleased tm'd amused with Fred's suin mary w»y of getting justice f and invited him to spend the evening with him. . -. Next rooming' Fred rode out-into the claims and found that.eome'of the stone iad been broken' off and taken away; «nd he told the old man that he would . hold them responsible tor. any loss ; and at next crushing it would be stopped ont of their share. ? ? ? .'.'-?. The weather was fine; and Fred pat on labour to clean out the cuttings The men worked well, in two shifts, and in a month twenty tons of the lode and a ton' or two of the quartz were raised to the surface. The stuff was crushed at the company's battery at 'Beedy Greek, and both yielded handsome ly; that from the lode going -three 'ounces to the toHj and the quart* going over 200 ounces in the ogirregate. Fred. had heard from Kate that Jack-was, progressing well: and »he bogged of him to kill , nobody, 'and on no account Set killed himself; an she 'hud no ambition to bo a widow beforoihe was r .wife. Fred kissed he letter, and smiled. For euoh a woman what would be uot duF Alas ! One uever kuows what may . happen. , Fred thought out the matter for bis return' lettqr— to be written that evening of tor he retiirnod | iiviu iho 'viuck 'but ihb fut«b rultd oUiol wiso. Kvturning tn tlracluim Ihal t-veniur, BitUng iu'tlie dr»y with unv uf (lid uurtere, the horse stumbled ugainst something and fell. They found u log placed across thu roadj wliioh wna not (hero1 in the morning ; they got down, und after gropiug about in the dnrk, thoy tried to remove it, and while thus engaged two (sharp crackB were heard and Fred felt himwlf hit in tho shoulder. Ho hod' a revolver, end let drive in the direction whence the shots had oome. None were re turned ; and Fred finding .the blood running frcelyv asVed the driver to take him to Gul gong— which he did— arriving at tho hos pltal jmtag Fred fainted from loss of blood. If tho sooundrohi who did this tliought to make a haul; they yore balked, foi Fred somehow had a raspioton that some attempt would be made to get possession of the gold and had . entrusted tie ingot to tho man agcrof- homill f or eaf o keepihg, and thus was ^turning ' empty handed when fired at; ' :' ? On the strength, of a letter from Fred that he was not to hurry, as matters were all right, Jack was enjoying himself quietly. It was a long ? dolco farniente' for him, and Lily 'and MifiBEobey were his most devoted slaves.' In the midst of this pleasurable existenoe there came one day a wire from Dr. Benham to (ay that Fred Morley was under hie care in Gulgong Hospital suffering from -a gunshot wound. It was brutally candid, and might have been worded with some consideration for others. It further anted Mr. Blandy to 'come at once.' It wa* impossible to keep the news from tho hidies, ao ho handed thopapor to Mi'ks Roboy, vrlio, with lips firmly compressed and her blue orbs sparkluig with ttniraution, ex claimed : 'Let us go at once, you afld I. Mrs. Attowoll will take my plaoe here.' 'Iithmk I'd rather go with you,' said Lily, 'sidling up to Jack,* - if you don't mind.' 'Do. . Jutt the thing. Jaok is not quite well yet, and there's no knowing what silly thing he might do np there to bo revenged upon the scoundrels that havo dono this cruol thing,' and Kate's -eyes filled with tears ; but for a moment, however, for she becamo as lively as a whirlwind all at ence, and began to give orders in «uch a tone that both Lite and Jack stared ut her. -* Now then, : hurry up, there's a doar girl, time is .pressing.* And as - she vent out to the stables her voka could be hoard giving directions to the men and boye about the t.laoe1. 'Here you; Jerry, harness up Tommy and Tim. Sam, get out the hooded buggy. Now then I Sally,' paok my small portmanteau for a journey up country : only nt'cossariw ; quick, don't ask questions. Jenny, you go and help Mrs. Attewell. All right Mr. Blandy, I'll send a boy to you in a miunte. Thomas, paok up a Bmall hamper of some thing to eat and ^n^V ; and bo quick, there*.* a dear old man ;' and so on all over the house, until ovcry soul was busy: In an incredibly short time the buggy and the two impatient horses wore ready, and \0u& three wcro aboard. 'No, Jerry, I won't want you ; but follow us on horseback to Ponrith. Bido like tho wind, wo may want you to bring the -buggy back. Gan't say yet. Thomas, take aarts of the place. Good-bye, &U; of you 1' And she let the nags go at a rattling pace over the soft grass-grown roads. ?We'll catch tho mail if posribld; if not, we'll go on all the same— thero ohall bo no stoppage until we get to Gulgong. Take care of Jack, Lilly ; its a bit bumpy along ;bere.' ? ? - ? . ; . And the well trained horses put on their if ull speed; thoy required no whip, for thoy were full of corn and pluck Arriving lit Feurith in good time thoy were cual.lxd -o «ngago a oouipartuKoit to themtclvcE, nnd Jerry -was sent hack with the borers. Hud they been late, Kate had decided to enjiiitri' a Vpceiiiltoiunfesidia'&e;}»i£gv. aui huitKS with :tt«n.'.' ? ? ' -: .-.'?? ' ' -' : ?? ' At Wallaraway s substantial tip to Tim Brand, the well known coach driver. Kerunv) box tieats for the, three ! and as the mada went good—hard and frozen — the trip wan u most exhilarating one. If a flying machine could have been chartered Mis* ltcbcy would have aeoured it even though it ahould cost a for tune. At iludgee a buggy und jmir wnf liired, and in a few more hours Iho long journey was at an end, aud Kate Boucy wuu kiBsing the injured man in u munt pu-siuuntc roannpr ; while Lily and Juck stood looking on .with most seriotu faces, for Fred looked very pule and worn. Dr. Benham came up, and after inlrodur lionsall round, he said Fret was better, but 'very low, for he had hut so much blood ; tho ball Lad been extiaoted, and. now that Miss *Kobey had come he hoped to see his friend Morluy mend rapidly aud at an uppeaUng jflonce from Kate, the cautions medico ad ded;. . ? ' By. all means, madam, your plaoe is here. Give your orders and I will see that they are obeyed— always of oourse, subject to mv ap proval. By the bye, Blandy, the police are on the track of the miscreants that have caused us all thin trpnble ; and .1 'think it Were letter tp suspend our two original bha»*e holders until the matter is cleared up, for I suspeot they are at the bottom of it. Do you think: you are well enough' to superintend operations on the olaim — though you may consider yourself siy patient, and between us— I mean this lady— (nodding to Lily) and myself you will be taken care! of. , Jack assented; and asked where was Thistleton P . ' Ah, that reminds me. 'When the jump jing.flrst.took place J didn't know but what he was here, and it was not until be oonld not be found that I 'Wired to you and Hohey, anil ituonly-thiS'inorningthatlhrar he is at Charters Towers. He is a most erratic fellow, and, I .suppose, thinking things were -safe here, he hurried off there as soon as . he \- heard of the rush — and, aB usual, he is again lucky, for he has opened the best reef in the field.'- . -??-.'. : ,' I'm glad to bear it,- though I did think it strange that we should be sent for if he were ; knocking about -'here.'.. . Do you think, aootorVthat Morley is in danger ? *'-' ????'? ''(jo'bb ooHmnJBD.) 'BDJ^anii'lnaW OTer'8,000 locomotives' a yeary.'-,' '-?-'?'.'? . '? ; The rye crop of Russia U 792,000,900 bushels:' The Eusman Imperial orown in valuod at £1,200^00. In New York oily 27,000 women support' their husbands. ' ' \- 'Illinois produoos £54,000,000 of farm prodnots every year. There are 14,600 -miles of ?raohlt- proof fencing in Australia. , ?*'*?? 'Bmoklng-oara' for women are provided on Bussian railroads. ? ? . A Frenchman has eetimatoi that . there are 61,000, breweries in the world, Germany; he says; .'easily leads with 20, 840\. . ? The United States now has about forty ?vessels eigsged .in '.whaling— the rem nant t-f 4 tlpet 'which onoe numbnred SOD ehinis.1-'.;-'''' ? ?''''?'.? '?' - .'''.- ' Every ship-building country showed a de orease in construction last year-, that of Great 'Britain', amouhtiug' -to ?«, over 26 per cent. -; -.- ?/-?j:' ?;??-- ? ? j Franco, Belgium, Italy, SwiUorland,' UenuHny, Spam all oonsumc horjoflosli ILwt' yew I/aris alone ooiuumed il,3»« botsei. -?'? ? ? ?? 