The Children’s Column. TWO BAD BOYS AND A GOOD ONE. (Concluded), It was the practice in the school when the winner of the annual scholarship was announced for all the classes to give him three cheers. The classes stood up, at the teacher’s instigation, to cheer Edgar, but somehow or other they were not very hearty about it. When the school was dismissed the master heard some really hearty cheering outside in the play-ground and was pleased. He stole to the door and heard whom they were cheering and for a moment he looked angry. But only for a moment. Presently his face cleared and he went back to his desk with a smile on it . —I mean on his face, not on the desk. He had heard the boys cheering for “Chutzpah Ponim ” and Sans Culotte. The first was a nickname given by the boys themsel-ves to Sam Aarons, who was a sort of hero with them—he was so daring and cheeky. The second was a nickname the boys had caught from the teacher himself. In a thoughtless moment he had applied the term to Jack Moses when he first heard the story of the buttons. As soon as the boys understood the allusion they had adopted the expression. Next day the teacher announced that he was going to give prizes for the two most popular boys in the school, the boys to have a ballot. He called for nominations. All the boys ap parently shouted, out “ Sam Aarons and Jack Moses.” Then there was silence. “ Are there no more nominations ? ” asked the teacher. ‘‘ It ain’t no use” answered Mossie Levy, “ Nobody ain’t got no chance against them.” The teacher repeated the expressions with an air of intense disgust, and said it was a . fortunate thing for Master Mossie that he only came there for Hebrew. Had he come to be taught English he would have been punished for such execrable grammar. Bad grammar it was undoubtedly, but it seemed to be good sense. There were acDually no other nominations. The prizes were usually distributed before Hanucah, but this • year, for some reason or other, they were to be distributed on the last day of Hanucah. Edgar Cohoun was to recite a Hebrew Ode composed by the teacher, Mossie Levy was to sing Mo-om Tsur as a solo, and altogether there was to be a grand celebration. That was just the time when those two wicked boys would delight in playing tricks. Their envy and dislike of Edgar must find some vent or they would be ill. They laid their heads to gether. “Say, Jack,” said Sam, “Can’t we pay out that Sneak and Molly-coddle for the way he cringes round the teacher?” It was not true that Edgar cringed. He was simply a well-behaved, obedient and good little boy. But that was the way Sam spoke about him ! “ Well,” replied Jack, “ I don’t see what we can do. The beggar won’t fight, he ain’t game enough. We might chuck a lot of mud over his Shobbos clothes when he’s going to shool, but we’d get an awful lamming for that and his mother will only pet him the more.” “ Well we’ve got to pay him out some way ” said Sam. “ I should like to frighten the life out of the coward.” Then a brilliant idea struck Jack. “ Oh, say, Sam,” he cried “ What a lark! Let’s frighten him with a ghost! Wouldn’t ifc be jolly to put the pasty-faced beast in a funk?” “Yes, it would” said Sam, eagerly ; “ But how’re we going to do it ? ” “ Doesn’t he go past the old cemetery of Thursday nights when he goes to see his granny ? ” “Yes,” said Sam, “But he’s always got that servant girl to look after him, and she’s such a jolly red-faced girl and gave me a lot of burnt almonds one-time. I wouldn’t like to frighten her.” “ Pooh ! ” retorted Jack, “ What’s the use of spoiling a lark for fear of a girl ? ” He spoke with great con tempt. “ You ain’t going to back out because of a girl, are you, Sammy, old chap ? ” “ Don’t you talk so contemptuously about that girl, you carrotty-headed fatty, or I’ll flatten your nose for you,” said Sam, angrily. There can be no doubt that the rosy cheeks and lollies of the servant girl had made an impression on his too susceptible heart. Now Jack knew very well that Sam could lick him if it came to a fight. He had tried it often enough to know. So he held his tongue and they separated. But Jack was not the sort of boy to give up lightly any chance of playing a mischievous trick. He turned the matter over in his mind, and came to the conclusion that he would frighten “ Neddy” as he contemptuously called him, off his own bat if Sam wouldn’t help. And this is how he made up his mind to act. He would steal a long night-shirt and fix a mask on to a. large Swede turnip—having first scooped out the turnip and cut away one side of it where he would fix the mask. Then he would put a candle inside this, put it on his head, cover himself all over with the night-gown, and suddenly appear before Master Edgar. It was ingenious enough and cruel enough. He went down town and bought a devil’s mask, horns and all, and spaces for eyes, nostrils and mouth. He got a large turnip, scooped it out, and fixed it up with wires, so that the mask was firmly fastened, and while there was a cosy place inside to fasten the \- candle, there were also wires to fix the whole on the head and fasten the neck of the night-dress to. Given a dark night and a \- cemetery and it would be a sufficiently blood-curdling thing to see suddenly. Ugh ! (Excuse me for a moment, if you will be so kind, while I shudder). Of course Master Jack couldn’t keep this to himself. He ■ chose next Shobbos at shool while they were doverning Musaph to explain the whole thing to Sam. While he was doing so lie kept on chuckling and exploding with laughter, which he tried vainly to suppress, until he attracted the Shommos’s attention. That gentleman 4 had a down ’ on both Jack and Sam, so on this occasion he pounced on them and disgraced all their families by marching them both out of shool, publicly, and by the ears. • Oh, he was a stern man, was that Shommos. Well, Jack wasn’t sorry to be outside. He and Sam marched home and he showed him what he had rigged out and how he proposed to manage it. He urged Sam to take part in the 4 lark ” but Sam was true to the servant girl. All that Jack could do was to get a promise from his pal that he would not peach. The night Jack had fixed upon, Thursday the sixth night of Hanucah, came. It was cloudy and dark, just the night for a ghost. Jack had got everything fixed except the candle. He hung about all the morning trying to steal a bit of candle, but couldn’t succeed. He waited till that night when his father benshed the Hanucah lights, and then stole the Shammos light. I call it sacrilege ! His father had scarcely finished singing JSanirous halolu, when Jack sneaked the light. It was an awful sin ! Mark how he was punished ! Away went Jack, with all his paraphernalia ready, and hid ■ himself behind a large tombstone. All the while his mother thought he was in his little bed. She would have gone out of her mind if she knew what he was doing, and where he was. Jack waited patiently, his ear alert for the slightest sound. Presently he heard faint footsteps in the distance. Here was the quarry ! Hastily he scraped a match, lit the candle, and fixed the mask. Soft steps came nearer and nearer. Then, when Jack judged Edgar was near enough, he uttered a long trembling groan, stretched his arms out wide, and rose suddenly, groaning miserably,—a long white body and a devil’s head gleaming at ■ eyes, nostrils and mouth. Then Jack uttered a wild shrill scream of real agony, tore off his mask, hurled it violently to the ground, and, all impeded as he was by the night-gown, ran away as hard as he could, screaming and crying, down the path —for there, before him, was a real ghost, long, white and ominous, a death’s-head, all alight and glowing, and clashing its fleshless jaws at him. What was Sam doing all this time? Well, he began to regret being out of the fun, and the more he turned it over in his mind, the more he wished he hadn’t refused to help Jack. Then a brilliant thought struck him. He would steal a march on Jack, and frighten Edgar first. In that way he would pay out Edgar and get a laugh on Jack at the same time. His big brother was a medical student. He knew where he kept some phosphorus and there was an articulated skeleton in his room, Sam got into the room, unwound the wire which fastened .the skull, rubbed the front of the skull all over with the phosphorus, wrapped it in a large sheet, and stole away to the cemetery. He was rather late, so he hurried on as stealthily and swiftly as he could, fixing the skull and arranging the sheet as he went. Then a boding sound made his blood creep. A long dreary .moan ! It was repeated! There rose suddenly from behind the tomb-stone, the devil himself ! Ay, the devil—a long white body, arms stretched out to clutch him—glowing eyes—every thing complete. Then a wild blood-curdling scream from the <devil,'followed by a shriek from the ghost. Down towards the gate dashed both Sam and Jack. Never were two boys more thoroughly frightened. Shriek after shriek rent the air. The night was dark. Sam thought the devil was after him. Jack thought the ghost was after him. Wild with fear each ran homewards as hard as he could pelt. Each dashed into his own bedroom, pale, choking, trembling, fainting, glad to hide his coward’s head under the sheets. In the meantime, Edgar Athelston Cohoun was enjoying i himself immensely at the Comic Opera where the whole family had 1 gone in honour of his success—his grandmother among them. J ’That was why Edgar was not even near the cemetery that night, f As for the rosy-eheeked servant-girl, she was sitting up waiting 1 to let them all in, as quietly as you please. You will now see 1 .that it is infinitely better in the end for you to be one very good Iboy, than two bad ones. It is true that you would miss a lot of larksbut what is that when compared with the pleasure of being good ? Goodness always repays itself. {Jacques Scmdreich in the Hobart Trumpeter.) 