JSOKH (W FIRE. HV JIIS.S HUADDON. 'ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. "Chapter xvil-at evensong. Tho windows were daritened at reiulyko. Tho .KiKini; bell had toiled the .year:; of the Mfft that was done, sounding solemnly and slowly across tho level fields, (he deep narrow river, tho mill-streams and nine- voods, iho scattered hamlets lying far apart on tho groat flat, where the sunsets linger late and long. All was over, and Allan had to put aside his own sorrow 1rt order to comfort bis mother, who was hoart-brokon at the loss of a husband she had idolised, with a love so quiet and unobstrusive, so little given to sentimental utterances, that it might have been mis taken for indifference. She wandered about the darkened house 3ike some lost soul in the dim under world, unable to think of anything, or to speak of anything but her loss. .She looked to Allan for everything, asserted her authority in no detail. "Let all he as ho -wished," she said to her son. "Let us think only of pleasing him. You know what he would like, Al lan. You were with him so much towards the Jrmt. lie talked to you so freely. Think only of him. and of his wishes." She could not divest herself of the idea that her husband was looking on at all that happened, that this or that arrange ment might be displeasing to him. She wan euro that he would wish the sternest simplicity as to the funeral. His own farm laborers wore to carry him to his grave, and the burial was to be at dusk. Ho had himself prescribed those two condi tions. He wished to bo laid in his grave at set of sun, when the hireling's daily toil was over, and the humblest of his neighbors could have leisure to follow him to his Inst bed. And then he had quoted Parson Hawker's touching lines: — "riim-.cl should lie the time, they said, To close their brother's narrow bed. "Pis at that pleasant hour of day The laborer treads his homeward way. If is work is o'er, his toil Is done, And therefore at the set of sun, To wait tho wages of the dead. We lay our hireling in his bed." Those lines were written for the tillers of (he earth; but George Carow'a thoughts of himself were humble as if he had been the lowest of day laborers. Indeed, jn those closing hours of life, when tho record of a man's existence is suddenly spread out before hfin like (he scroll which tho prophet laid before (he king, there is much in that comprehensive survey to humiliate the proudest of God's ser vants, much which makes him who has labored strenuously despair at the insuffi ciency of the result, the unprofitableness of liiu labor. How, then, could such a man as George Carew fail to perceive his iinwnrlhincss? — a man who had let life ;;o by him, who load done nothing, save by a careless automatic benifieence, to help or better his fellow-men, to whom duty hail been an empty word, and the Christian religion a lifeless formula. Tho sqtiiro of Fendyke was laid to rest, in the pale twilight of early March, tho winter birds sounding their melancholy evensong as the coffin was lowered into the grave. The widow and her son stood side by side, with those humbler neighbors and dependents clustering round them. No ono had been bidden to the funeral, no hour had been named, and tho gentry of the district, whoso houses lay somewhat wide apart,, knew nothing of the arrangements till .afterwards. There were no empty car riages to testify to Iho decent grief which stays at home, while liveried servant.:: offer the tribute of solemn faces and black gloves. Side by side Lady Emily and her son walked through the grounds of Fen- clyko to tho churchyard adjoining. The wintry darkness had fallen gently on those Jjumblo graves when the last "Amen" had been spoken, and mother and son turned slowly and sadly towards tho desolate home. Allan stayed in his mother's slttingroom till after midnight, talking of their dead. Lady Emily found a sad pleasure in talk ing of tho husband she had lost; in dwell ing fondly upon his virtues, his calm and studious life, his non-interference with her 2\ousehold arrangements, his perfect con tentment with tho things that satisfied hor. "There never was a better husband, Al lan." she said, with a tearful sigh, "and yet I know I was not his first love.", "Not his first love? Alas! no, poor soul," mused Allam, when he had bidden his mother good-night, and was seated alone in front of his father's bureau, alono in the dead middle of the night, steeped in tho vivid light of the large reading- lamp, under its spreading silken shade, while all tho rest of tbe room was In shadow. "Not his first love! Poor mother. It is happy for you that you know not how near that first love was to being the last and only love or your uu.suand's iifc. Thank God you did not know." Often in those quiet days in the old Suffolk manor house, while his father was gradually fading out of life, Allan had argued with himself as to whether it was or was not his duty to reveal Mrs. Wor- nock's identity with the woman to whom George Carcw had dedicated a lifetime of regret, and to give his father the option of summoning that sad ghost out of the past, of clasping once again the vanished hand, and hearing the voice that had so long been unheard. There would havo been rapture, perhaps, to the dying man in one brief hour of re-union; but that hour could not givo back youth, or youthful dreams. There would have been the irony of fate in a meeting on the brink of tho grave, and whatever touch of feverish gladness there might have been for the dying in that brief hour, Its after con sequences would have been full of evil for the mourning wife. Better, infinitely hotter, that she should never know the romance of her husband's youth, never be able to Identify the woman he loved, or to inflict upon lier own tender heart the self-torture of comparison with such a .woman as Mrs. Wornock. For Lady Emily, in hor happy ignorance ©C all details, that early love was but a .vaguo memory of a remote past, a memory too shadowy to bo the cause of retrospec tive jealousy. She knew that her hus band had loved and sorrowed; and she knew no more. It must needs bo painful to hor to identify his lost love in the person of a lady whom her son valued as a friend, and to whom her son's future life was warmly attached. Allan had felt therefore that he was fully justified in leaving Mrs. Wornock's story unreveal- od, even though by that silence he de prived the man who had loved her of the last tearful farewell, the final touch of hands that had long been parted. He was full of sadness to-night as he turned the key in the lock, and lifted the heavy lid of the bureau at which ho had so ofteu seen his father seated arranging letters and papers with neat, leisurely hands, and that pensive placidity which characterised all the details of his life. That bureau was tho one repository for all papers of a private nature, the one spot peculiarly associated with him whom they had laid in the grave at evensong. No one else had ever written on that desk, or possessed the keys of those quaintly inlaid drawers. And now the secrets of the dead were at tho mercy of the survivors, so far us he had left any trace of them among those neatly dockotted papers, those packets of letters folded and tied with red tape, or packed in largo envelopes, scaled, and labelled. Allan touched those packets with re verent hands, glanced at their endorse ment, and replaced them in. tho drawers or pigeon-holes as ho had found them, .lie was looking for tho manuscript of which his father had tol.l him; tho story of a "love which never, found its earthly close," Yen, it was here, under his hand; a thin octavo, hound In limp morocco, n manuscript of something; less than a hun dred pages, in Urn ha mi he know so wcM, tho small, neat hawl thai, to Allan's far.ey, told of the leisurely life, the mind, free from fever and fret, the heart thy't beat in slow time, arid had long outRved tho quick aUcron.VioD'3 of pasuionalrj feeling. Allan drew bV, chair nearer, the lamp, and began <o road. ' CIIAT'TEF „ XVIII.—' THE DEAD MAN TO 0 JH'D MB FROM THE PAST. "I wo" r liow many lives there are liko mine J n tills prosperous England of ours, crninriy respectable, comfortable, and al- toKp Lher protected l'rom the worst hazards fate, happy even according to the stun- ird measure of happiness among the squirearchy of England — and yet cold and colorless. I wonder how many men there are in every generation who drift aloug the hIow current of a sluggish river, and who call that placid, monotonous movement liv- — up the river with ihe rising tide; down the. river with the ebbing tide; up aud down, to and fro, between level banks that, are always the same, with never a hill aud never a crag to break the monotony of the outlook. "We havo a river within a stone's throw of my gate:; which always seems to me the outward and visible sign of my Inward and spiritual life, a river that flows past farms and villages, ami for any variety of curve or accident, of beauty might just, as well be a canal— a useful river bearing the laden barges down to the sea. a river on which a pleasure-boat is as rare as a kingfisher on its banks. And so much mir.Ut bo aaid o£ my life : a i.v.dul lite within the 'everyday limits of English morality; but a life that nobody will remember or regret, outside my own hmmehoid, when 1 am gone. "This is no complaint that I am writing, to be road when i cm in my grave by the son I hope to leave behind me. Far be such a thought from me the writer, and from him the reader. It is only a state ment, a history of a youthful experience which has influenced my mature years, chiefly because on that boyish ro?un:v:o i spent all tim stock of passionate fooling wir.Ii which nature had endowed me. It was not much, perhaps, in the beginning. 1 was no Byrnnie hero. 1 was only an im pulsive ami somewhat sentimental youth, ready to fall in lovo with the first inte resting girl I nmt, but not to find my Ege- ria among the audience of a music-hall, or iu a dancing garden. "Do not mistake mo, Allan. I have loved your mother truly and even warmly, but n e v o r r n in an t i ea 1 1 y . All that, const! tu t c s the poetry, the romance of love, the fond enthusiasm of the lover, vanished out of my life before I was three and twenty. All that came afterwards was plain prose. "It was in the second year of my univer sity life, and towards the end of the long vacation, that I allowed myself to bo per suaded to attend a seance to bo given by some so-called spiritual Lis in tho neigh borhood of RusoOll Square. Mr. Home, the spiritualist, had been frightening and asf>- ni:-:hing people by certain unexplninable manifestations, and lu» hud been lucky enough to number among his patrons and disciples such men as Buhver Lvtton, V.'il- , liurn and Robert Chambers, and others of almost equal distinction. To the common herd it seemed that there must he some value in manifestations which could inte- re.-t and even convince these superior intel lects; so, with the prestige of Home's per formances, and with an article in the 'Cornhill Magazine.' to assist them, the people near Russell Square were doing very good business. "Twice, and sometimes three times a week, they gave a seance, and though they did not take money at the doors, or ad vertise their entertainment in the daily papers, they had their regular subscribers among the faithful, and these subscribers could dispose of tickets of admis sion among the common herd. As two of the common herd, Gerald Standish aud I got our tickets from Mrs. Rnvcnshaw, a literary lady of Gerald's ac quaintance, who had written a spiritualistic novel, and was a profound believer in all the spiritualistic phenomena. Her vivid description of the dark seance and its won ders had aroused Gerald's curiosity, and he insisted that I, who had done better in ma thematics than my light-hearted friend, should go with him and bring the severe laws of pure science to bear upon tho spirit world. "I was incurious and indifferent, but Gerald Standish was a genius, and my par ticular chum. I eouhl not. therefore, be so churlish as to refuse so slight a conces sion. A\e dined together at the Horseshoe Restaurant, then in the bloom o: novelty; and after a very temperate dinner we walked through the autumn dusk to the quiet street on the eastward side of Russell Square, where the prlert and priestess of tho spirit-world had set up their temple. "Tbe approach to the mysteries was sadly commonplace, a shabby hall door, an airless passage that smell of dinner, and for the temple itself a front parlor sparsely fur nished with the most Philistine of furni ture. When we entered, the room was empty of humanity. An oil lamp on a chiffonier by tho fireplace dimly lighted the all-pervading shabbiness. The scanty morceu curtains — lodging-house curtains of tho poorest type — were drawn. The furniture consisted of a dozen or so of heavily made mahogany chairs with horse-hair cushions, a large round table on a massive pedestal, supported on three clumsily carved claws, and a bookcase against the wall facing the windows, or I should say rather a piece of furniture which might he supposed to con tain books, as the contents were hidden by a brass lattice- work lined with faded green silk. Tho gloom of the scene was inex pressible, and seemed accentuated by a dis mal street cry which rose and fell over and anon from the distance of Hunter or Coram street. "We aro the first," Gerald whispered, a fact of which I did not require to be informed, aud for which ho ought to have apologised, seeing that he had deprived mo of my after-dinner coffee, and dragged me off yawning, full of alarm lest wo should be late. "Gradually, and in dismal silence, di versified only by occasional whisperings, about a dozen people assembled in the dimness of tbo dreary room. Among them came Mrs. Kavenshaw and her jovial, busi- ness-liko husband, who seated themselves next Gerald and mo, and confided their experiences of past seances. The lady was full of faith and enthusiasm. The gentleman was beginning to have doubts. Ho had heanl things from unbelievers which buu somewhat unsettled him. J.(e had invested a good many half-guineas in this dismal form of entertainment, and had wasted a good deal of time in bring ing his gifted wife all tbe way frorui .'Sboo- ter's-hill, and, so far, they ba<i got no forwarder than on the first seance, ' They had seen strange things. They had felt the ghastly touch of hands that socined liko dead hands, and which ordinary people would have run a mile to avoid. That heavy mahogany table had shuddered and thrilled under the touch of meeting hands; had lifted itself up, like u rearing horse; bad throbbed out messages purporting to como from the dead; strange sounds had been in the air; angelic singing, an of souls in Elysium; and some among the audience had gone away after each seance touched aud satisfied, believing themselves upon the threshold of other worlds, feel ing their commonplace lives sbone upon by a light supernal, content henceforward to dwell upon this dull cold earth, since they were now sure of a link between earth and heaven. "Mrs. Ravenshaw, became an imagi native writer, was of this idealistic tem perament, receptive, confiding; but her husband was a mn of business, and want ed to see valii',5 for his money. lie ex plained his views to me in a confidential voice whilo We waited. Yes, they had assuredly Lfcen and heard strange things. They had Seen bodies— living human bodies floating in tho air— yen, floating in the frowsy atmosphere of this shabby parlor, atmosphere which it was base flattery to call 'air.' They had seen this phenomenon; but, after all, how is the cause of huma nity, or tho march of enlightenment, to be advantaged by the flotation of an ex ceptional subject here and there? If every body could float, well and good. The gain would be immense, except for boot makers and chiropodists, who must suffer for the general weal. But for medium Is- tic persons, at the rato of one per million of the population, to be carried by view less powers ori the empty air was of the smallest practical use. An improvement in the construction of balloons would be Infinitely more valuable. "Wo waited nearly an hour iti all — we had arrived lialf-an-hour before tbo stated opening of the seance, and y.-e waited five and twenty minutes more, and wero yawning and fidgetting hcpalesslv, before the door opened, and a dkmiRl-looicing man with a pallid face and lomj fluir. came into tho room, followed by a slovenly woman in black, with bare arms, and a towzled, highly artistic flaxen head. He bowed solemnly to tho assembled company, looked from tho company to the woman, and murmured In a sepulchral voice, 'My wife,' by way of general introduction. "Tho flaxen-headed lady seated herself at tho large round table, and the dark haired vampirc-likc man crept about the room inviting his audience to take their places at the name mystic table. We formed a circle, hand touching hand, the long-Laired professor on one sido of tho table, the flaxen wife on the other. Gerald utjcI I wero separated by the width of tire table, and the enthusiastic novelist and hor practical husband wero also as far apart as circumstances would rx-'rmit. "My next neighbor on the right was a tall, burly man, with a strong North of Ireland accent, a captain in tbe mercantile marine, Mrs. Ravenshaw informed inc. The people who met in this dreary room had come by some knowledge of ono another's social status and opinions, although con versation was sternly discouraged as of fensive to the impalpable company we wore there to cultivate. A gloomy silence, and a vaguely uncomfortable expectancy of something ghastly were tho prevailing characteristics of the assembly. "Mrs. Ravenshaw had informed me that tho seaman on my right was an unbeliever, aud that he courted the spirits only with the malicious desire of doing them a bad turn. There had bc-en tho premonitory symptoms of a row on moro than ono occasion, and he hud be?n tho sole cuuso of the adverse feeling which had shown itself at those times. (To be continued.) 