Theosophism. A Lady's Tete-a-tete with the Countess Wachtmeister. Most of us feel towards Theosophism as children do about a ghost story ; it is highly interesting, but at the same time it gives them a decidedly creepy feeling. Such and all other indistinct and misleading ideas about Theosophlsm the Countess Wachtmelster, who is going to stay in our midst for some time, is determined to combat most energetically. When during my call I mentioned, after the first preliminaries, that Theosophism had attracted more attention in this country a while ago than it does now, and that it was often mixed up with spiritualism, the Countess emphatically requested me to assure the people that her science had nothing to do with spiritualism. "We do indeed," she went on, " uphold some of their mani festations ; but I believe that the mate rialised forms—and I have seen some myself—are not spirits, but the reflection of astral bodies." One of our topics was reincarnation, which, as is well known, forms one of the society's prin cipal doctrines, and which the Countess believes to be amongst the foundation- * stones of every religion. Her views on Jesus, whose teachings she declares to be thoroughly theosophlcal ; the Church of the present, which she cen sures as being too material ; thought reading, of which she maintains that it Is -recognised by the scientists as ex plained by natural laws ; and many other topics of vast Interest were touched upon ■ in our conversation. But two things the lecturess requested me in the course of the interview to make more commonly known. She upholds that her convic tions do not appeal to the cultured mind only ; she assured me that not only her Swedish peasants exclaimed with pleased astonishment, " Why, those are the very thoughts we always harboured, only clothed in different words," but that also the Inhabitants of the East End of Lon don thoroughly sympathised with her views. The other subject is a personal one, concerning inhabitants of this country. On my mentioning the late Mr. Hartmann, of ToowDomba, who had bequeathed the whole of his property to the Theosophlcal Society, I was most emphatically assured that this body re fused to accept the inheritance, and re turned it to the testator's children, a statement diverging from the impres sion of many persons on the Darling Downs. Certainly, the subject of the lectures in view is a vast and eminently Interesting one, and opens a large field for discussion. 