Short Trip from Rome to the Holy Land, in 1893. BEV. J. SHERIDAN, (Continued,) Calvary-The Penitent Thief-Altars and Obapela within the Basilica. From Adam's Ohapel I ascended by 18 steps cut oat of the rock to the platform, whioh is called Calvary, where the last scenes in the life of Oar Lord were enacted. It is raised about 15 feet above the level of the Ghurch, and is about ?0 feet Bquare. This magnificent Chapel, though under the same roof with the great Basilica, still appears quite a distinct structure. It is encased with marble, and divided into two Ohapels by a row of massive pillars. At the end of these Ohapels are two altars j. -the one on the right marks the spot on which Our Lord was nailed to the Gross, and on whioh I had the bapniness of cele brating mass. Tho one on the left is erected over the spot where the Gross stood when the world was redeemed. This beautiful altar is supported by four marble columns, and underneath the table is the 'hole in which the Gross was planted. It is covered with a circular plate of solid silver, through which I put down my hand. On either side of this altar, and about six feet behind, are the holes in whioh were fixed the Crosses of the two thieves. They are marked by black circular marble slabs let into the pavements, through which holes corresponding to the original ones are cut. A little to the right may be seen the rent in the rock oaused by the earth quake. I could see it for about two yards in length. It iB only about six inches wide ; but to what depth it descends into the earth no one knows. Some say that it reaches the centre. A short dis tance from the epistle corner is the altar of Deposition, to mark where Mary stood after the descent from the Gross to receive the dead body of her divine Son. Mass was being celebrated by some priest during the same time that I was celebrating. A few feet from these altars tradition points to the spot where the stripping of the garments took place- . So God the Son made man the Father's heir, Is stretched upon the ground, and soldiera dare To strip him of his garments, stark and bare. Kails through His sacred hands and feet nre driven, His Mother's heart at each sharp stroke is riven ; He prays, '.'.Oh, Father, be their sins forgiven,!" ' Jesus is crucified 1-hushed every sound Of joy in Heaven.! The angela cluster round And mourn their Lbrd and King, nail fast, thorn crown'd. The Jews around the Cross, to madness stung,. Outrage our Master, and fiom their foul tongue Scoffs, taunts, and insults without stint are flung. " Yah, Son of God 1 ? who wouldst God's house destroy And;build it in three days! Thy strength deploy ; Come down I Of thy vain boasts wo wish thee joy !" In wondrous contrast to their jarring,din, . , . Jesus, all peace His sacred heart within, Breathes seven words that trance the Seraphin, Straightway His word bears fruit, for of the twain ? Hung up beside His Cross in sheer disdain, - . While both at first took part in the refrain, : Wherewith the standers-by held up to scorn 1 The Gallilean prophet Nazareth born j One, touched by grace, is moved the.past to mourn ; And thus bespeaks his comrade : " We, indeed, Of our past crimes receive the fitting meed ; , This man has done no wrong 1" Then did he plead In his own cause, and Christ's good .will implored : "When in Thy Kingdom Thou Bhalt come adored, As Son of God remember.me, O Lord." Nor did in vain the contrite'robber pray j He heard with joy that chased all pain away, - " Be thou with me in Paradise to-day." Before leaving this, the holiest spot on earth, a few words on the conversion of the penitent thief jast alluded to may prove interesting to some of my readers. St. Matthew informs .us that when the massabre of the Innocents was about taking place Joseph was warned to rise up and leave the country and flee into Egypt. The Holy family were very poor. They had to Btart suddenly on their journey in the middle of the night, probably without scrip or purse. Palestine was at that time infested, as it is to-day, by lawless bands of brigands. According to the "Gospel of the. Holy Childhood" (a wort which ?was written in Syriac in the early ages, and afterwards translated into all the languages of both Europe and Asia) the Holy Family when on this journey " pre sently came to the entrance of the desert. Hearing that it was infested by robbers they determined to cross it during the night. But suddenly they perceived two robbers lying near them asleep, and round about them were many of! their associates, also asleep. The names of the two were Titus and Dnmacbus. It appears they had adopted other names in much the same way as the criminals give a number of aliases before our courts to-day. The first said to the other ' I beg thee let these travellers go in peace lest our comrades discover them.' Dumachus refused. Titus then said to him ' I beseech thee accept of me forty drachmas and my belt as a security, but don't call the others or give the alarm.' Mary, seeing this robber so well inclined towards her, said to him, ' May God uphold thee with His right hand and grant thee the remission of thy sins.' And the Lord Jesus said to His mother " In thirty years' time, O my mother, the Jews will crucify me, with Titus on my right hand and Dumachus on my left, and behold on that day Titus shall be with me in Paradise. When He had thus spoken His mother answered Him, saying ' God forbid that such things should befall thee,' and they went on their way towards the City of Idols." In an. old work entitled " De Vita Eremitica," pro. i bably written .by St. Augustine, the tradition is regarded " as perfectly true which repre sents the Holy Family as falling into the hands of robbers, and owing their deliver ance to a young man who was the son 'of a chief. Being on the point of rifling them, the legend^ goes on to say that he suddenly caught sight of the Divine infant resting in his mother's arms. He was struck with awe on beholding the glorious beauty and majesty of His countenance, and believed at once that he was some thing more than man, and, burning with love, he embraced Him, saying ' Oh most blessed of children, if ever a time should come when I should crave thy mercy, remember me and forget what has passed this day.' The same tradition goes on to say that this young man was the same as the thief who was crucified on Christ's right hand. And he, turning towards the Lord, recognised in Him the glorious infant whoso, majesty he had seen long " since, and, being mindful of his prayer, he said ' Lord, remember me when Thou comest to Thy Kingdom.^ " As it would be too tedious to quote all those great/writers, distinguished alike for learning and holiness, who have become exponents of this tradition, I will be con tented with the following brief quotations from a few of the best known:-The blessed James of Voragine thus mentions this legend: " During their flight into Egypt the Holy Family fell into the hands of robbers. One of them, ravished by the beauty of the child, said to his companion. ' Verily I say to you that if it were possible for God to.- assume our nature, I should believe this Child to be God.' His com panions were 00 much softened by these words that they allowed the child and its mother depart unhurt. The learned bishop of Equilium says, when speaking on this tradition, " that not only did the young robber abstain from plundering the child and his mother, but so touched was ho by their beauty. that he begged of them to stay;. the, night with him, be waiting on them, and afterwards guarded them with an armed esoort to the end of their jour ney." But I consider it unnecessary to dwell further on this, as it is a tradition received-without hesitation throughout. the whole East by Greek and Latins alike. When standing or kneeling before the altar on this moBt sacred spot no language ' can express my feelings when I remembered the tragedy acted here now close on two thousand years ago. I pictured before and around me the barbarous cruelties perpe trated on that memorable spot--the violent stripping of the garments which took place . on one Bide--the nailing to the cross on the other-the ereotion .and planting of the oross in the hole beforo'me, and the division of His garments by lot. I oould fancy hearing the words of forgiveness expressed in the midst of His torments:-"Father, forgive them for they know not what they, do," and the blasphemies of the surging crowd : "-Ah, .you that destroyed the temple and in three days dost .rebuild it, come down from the" Cross and save thy Belf;" " If thou be the King - of Israel come down from the Cross, and we will rbelieve in thoe " He trusted in God, let Him deliver him." I could also imagine the thick darkness that set in from the time the Oross was fixed, or about twelve o'clock until o'clock. Then I oould hear the words coming down from the Oross "My. God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me "-and the soldier I oould see running with the sponge on a reed satur ated with vinegar and gall to give him a drinky and finally I could behold him droop forward, crying out, "Father, unto Thy hands Iv commend my spirit," and giving up the ghost. Then the other miracles follow: The rooks are rent by an earth quake; the veil of the temple is torn in two; the dead rise to life again among them in all probability, according to, the opinion of the Fathers, were Adam, Abrahami Isaac, Meloheaidech, David, Job, Jonas,' Moses, Josua, Samuel, Isaiah, Daniel, etc. I could fancy myself on the same ground where John, Joseph of Arimathea, Mary Magdalene and the Blessed Virgin stood or moved about, whilst the yells and bowlings of that fiendish rabble wreaked their unbridled wrath in blasphemies upon the dying Son of God. Hours and days could ba profitably spent here in contemplating those awful scenes, but, unfortunately, it has not been my privilege to give more-than a passing reflection," and hurry away to some other places of interest. On Calvary eaoh of the sacred places is in the possession of one or other of the various Christian denominations, as follows : . The stone of unction belongs to the Catholics. The holy sepulchre is in the hands of the Greeks, but the Cathblics are allowed to burn a certain number of perpetual lamps. I do not know how many. _The different denominations watch each other with great jealousy. One does not allow the other to suspend more lariips than the prescribed number, either in the holy sepulchre or any other part of the Church. Even in sweep ing the Church they have so divided it as to give a. portion to each sect, and woe to any priest or lay brother who. in sweeping encroaches on his neighbour. The Chapel of the apparition marking where Our Lord, after bis .resurrection, appeared tolHis blesse^ mother, is in the possession of the Catholics. The pillar of flagellation is to be seen in this Chapel on the epistle side of the principal-altar. The Chapel containing the prison wherein Our Lord was confined whilst the holes were being chiselled out for the Cross is in the hands of the Georgians. - The Chapel whereon the stripping off the garments took place is in the possession of the Armenians. I The Chapel marking where the true.oross was found belongs to the Catholics; the Chapel marking where St. Helena prayed whilst search was made for the cross belongs to the Armenians. , . The Chapel containing . the pillar on which Our Lord was forced to sit in Herod's palace in order to bo crowned with thorns as a mock king belongs to the Abyssinians. The altar erected over the spot where the nailing of the cross took place belongs to the Catholics. ? The altar erected over where the Cross was ereoted belongs to the Greeks. It is incensed by the Catholic priests during the course of their daily processions to the various stations. The same privilege is allowed the Greek priests by the Catholics when visiting the various altarB in their exclusive possession. The Chapel marking where Our Lord appeared to Magdalene in the form of a gardener belongs to the Catholics. The'Chapel showing where Mary stood by the Cross whilst her divine son was dying belongs to the Catholics also. The Copts have a Chapel to the rear of the holy sepulchre. The Nestorians have a Chapel close to where Our Lord appeared to Mary Magdalene. The Georgians are in possession of the Bpot where the Cross was prepared. The Maronites, being Catholics, use the same places as we do. The Syrians have an altar close to that of the Copts. The Catholics are in possession of the gallery of the Church, wherein they have a splendid organ, the only musical instru ment within the sacred precincts of Calvary. The various Fathers, whether Catholic, Greek, Armenian, etc., are obliged to i remain shut up in the building day and night in the hospices or corners of the building alotted tb'em. Through the Bmall window crossed with iron bars fronting the main street they receive their daily food sent from their different convents. Aa prisoners of the Turks they ever guard the Holy Sepulchre and its precincts. Every three months trhe Catholic Fathers are taken home to their convent, after being, replaced by others. The dampness, foul air, absolute coldness and close con finement, together with continued rounds of prayers, prooessions, and stations, soon break down the strongest constitution,' and render repeated changes absolutely neces sary. Like pigeons, they take their rest in turn in the arobes above or caves under ground, and never can they a moment lose sight of the saored deposits committed to their care. Their hymns and psalms reverberate throughout tho vast building at every hour of the day and night, from year to year, from age to age, and from century to century. (To be Continued.) 