THE RUBY WEDDING DRESS. A OHRISTMAB STORY, BY ADA 11. IaoT?rs. S"I don't see what is to be done, indeed I don't," said Bessie, surveying the wrecks of our united wardrobes. "Everything has been turned and re-turned, and is too shabby for further manipulation. We must tell Hugh it muse be given up." Lady B rtty looked relieved, but the rest of us, who were of a mandane turn of mind, saw what she did not; that to give up this paint was to put off the day of better things indefinitely. We were four sisters, dependent for daily bread on Hugh, our best of brothers. Bessle was our eldest, and Lady Betty came next to me. I am the ugly duckling of the family, all eyes and ears, and I love my Batty as though I were her dog. We always call her Lady B:tty, because she is so dainty in her ways. She can't think of common things i her thoughte fly away to all kinds of lovely dreams ; while, if the rest of us are like me, they think often of what is for dinner, and whether, in fact, there will be enough for more than one dinner on the joint; and they would like new clothes and everything of the best. LIdy Betty does not seem to know or care. Hugh is choir-muster and organist of the Cathedral, and he wants to get pupils, but he is very shy; perhaps he is proud. People don't care to patronise him; and inferior teachers make a good living while he stands haughtily aloof. And now when this great chane is come to him, just for want of a suitable dress it must be set aside. For, one of the reasons that our Betty is so different from me is because she has the genius of song, and Hugh has trained her to sing exquisitely. The Eq'ire of the parish is a very strange man. I wish you specially to note this. He lives in a big, gloomy mansion, all alone with his family ghosts and their portraits. But it is said that he means to turn over a new leaf, and has sent for Major St. John, a faraway nephew, and in tends to make him his heir, and is going to give a series of entertainments to the county families of the neighborhood. He has sent a request to Hugh to get up a good concert for Christmas Eve, and, of course, if Lady Batty sings it is bound to be a success; and perhaps Hugh would get more work; and then some of us could think of other things besides the grinding dull lives of making much cut of nothing; but-we could never be like Betty. It was hard to tell Hugh, but Bessie managed it very well He was more dis appointed than we expcted, and looked keenly at Betty, who was standing is the sunlight, trilling to the canary, warbling just like a bird. "Girls," he said, "let her go in that cotton gown. No one will cuare what she has on when once she begins to sing." Just then I had an idea, and I'm afraid [ trod on Hugh's toes in my hurry. There was just one beautiful gown in our posses. sion, though, perhaps, it was at least a hundred and fifty years old, if it was a minute. "Bessie," I cried, "the great grand mother's wedding dress I" It was an inspiration. No one replied. Hugh looked as if he thought we were all mad, but our kindly Bees said, in her genial way, "It's all right, Hugh; Lady Batty shall go." He went away rather bewildered, and b gan to make out his concert programme, aud we three left our clever ones together sad ran up to the garret. The gown was the only piece of property in our possession. It had been my mother's, but how it came to her we did not know, for our parents would not tell us anything of her ancestry. All we knew t was that our father had been a public singer, that he had a fine tenor voice, I which tfaled him when he was till young, and that he died heartbroken. All we knew of our mother was that she looked just like our Betty, and had faded out of life when my father's love no longer shielded her from pain. We valued the old gown for her Bake, and because it seemed to tell us that our forbease had been gentlefolk, who, perhaps, had known freedom from small economies and cares. We sat on the floor of the garret with the dress and its accompaniments of soft d lace spread out amongst us. Bessei pro Snounced judgment on esob part, as she g looked at.it between the slanting lights. o "The shoes are too big, but they are a very pretty-red and gold. Dot, here, can staff the toes with tissue paper. This blur, I guilted skirt needs darning. I will see to Sthat. The ruby and gold over- dress, how . ever, is perfect. Oh, dear, the lace is all Sto pieces, but we must mend it up as best we can. Well, that's settled. Come along, r girls, and let s set to work. There is no time to lose." SWhen we got downstairs we found that for once our Betty had taken an obstinate Sturn. Go to the Hall without her dear a old Dot (mysell) she would not. She could a not sing if I were not there. That is how f It was that I thought of writing the story. I was in it from first to last, and I fol lowed at Betty's heels like a faithful sha l dow. The grand evening arrived, and we all e took a share in dressing our little lady we were very Anxious about the effect of the old gown, but we need not have been, for surely nothing could have looked so e pretty as this sheeny ruby and gold. "Now, Dat, on with your dress," cried SBesie, turning to me, her eyes shining with triumph, as Lady Betty stood with a her music in her hand waiting for me. I wore Besle's best black silk, specially done up for the ooaslon. It was Sworn and shabby, but no matter-it fitted very well, and no one would look at me. 5 Hugh had asked for a special sitting-room Sfor un. He was proud, as I said before, and did not wish us to mix with the rest of the performers; nor with the guests, as we 3 cauld not be o an equality with them. It was foolish pride, no doubt. 1 am afraid 1 did not like his carefulness. I wanted to see something of the world now I was launched upon it, so aftsr we had arrived and settled down I looked impatiently round the room. Lady Betty was absorbed in the flowers. There were some fine pots of heather on the jardlnkere: she did not notice me when I slipped the bolt of the glass door aside and wandered into a conservatory. I heard voloes at a distance, and, keeping well behind the huge palms, I advanced until I was within a few yards of the speakers. To my surprise I saw Hugh, and barring his way was an old gentleman so strikingly like him, that he might have been his double. "Pray, who are you, sir " thundered the old man. Hugh introdued himself as well as he could, and made known his mission. "Hugh Sinolair l' The old man's brow cleared at once-he made a cordial apology. "Forgive an old man, sir. I thought I reoognled your face, and mistook you for some one else. I beg to thank you for the trouble you are taking to help in the snuoess of the evening." It was the squire. We had not seen him before, for our coming to this cathedral town was recent, and he seldom or never came to church. "-I very much approve of your pro. gramme, sir," he continued. "The songs I are English; I hate your German and Frenoh: the tendency is a bad one, to put aside our own fair tongue and our own sweet tunes. I particlarly like these old friends, * Bit me discourse,' 'Where the I Bee snuks, and so on. But whom have you here to sing them !" Hugh exrlained that his sister had a flue voloe, which he had taken pains to cultivate. "But she is only a child," he said n tenderly. "About seventeen, eb, Dot !" The Squire turned and looked at me, and P the frown came back to his brow., "Very strange," he muttered, "Her e face also s uite familiar to me, What I does it meant' S"Oh, I am like anybody and everybody," I admitted, cluamlly enough; "but when you see Betty, I am sure you will say'yca never saw anyone like her in your life be fore." "Betty sings," suggested Hugh. as the frowning Squire looked susplolously at my dark face. Then Hugh bowed and paesed on, and the Squire catechised me as to ocr family in a very pertinent or impertinent manner. But before I had given him much in. formation I heard Betty calling, and ran back through the conservatory with only time for a short farewell to the Squire. " I've seen the Squire, and he's the very counterpart of Hugh in everything except age, only not so kind In his manner," I said, breathlessly. "I never saw such a like. 0nea." Hugh came rushing in at this moment to reprimand me for leaving the room. "Let me tell you, Dot, you ought to be ashamed of younrself. I am ashamed if you," he said severely. "This room is specially given up to you, and you've no bnsiness to go wandering about." If it had not been for Betty's kind look at me I maust have wept. "De let Dot enjoy herself in her own way," she begged. "The Squire can't eat her, at any rate." Hugh was very nervous about the concert, and I could see that his rook ,f strength was Betty. If she grew nervous, too, and failed, his prospeto would be worse than ever ; for everybody of note for miles round was here to-night. His keen eye searched her face. Betty looked up with her sweet ohi'd eyes, very dreamy I here within hearing of the plash of ti e fountain, and with the wealth of flowers rn which to feast her bsauty.loving soul. "Are you-are you-well, Betty ?" stammered Hugh. He did not want to make her think he feared she would I e nervous. Betty laughed. She was alwal well. Then Hugh went into the next room, and I followed as near as I dared. The door was now open into the con servatory and people passed ant re-pasue'. "I did not know St. John was a musio 1 man," said a passer by. "Nor is he. I met him on the heath r n hour ago: he said he was going to shirk lie first part of the concert." "Pat I tell you that I saw him a moment ago in the gallery directing tl e men where to put the piano." "Then he must have returned in a prodigious hurry. But come, let us go back and see who is right about it." Presently they came past the door again. "Ho'sjust bluffing us," said one. "As if I don't know my own eyes. I have not sat opposite to St. John at mess for two years without knowing what he's like And he's the image of the old Squire into the bargain." Hugh came in soon after this, frownirg in his most distant manner. "There are some lunatics here," he said, "who declare they ecnow me. I had teo greatest trouble to keep them from dragginh me off to the billiard-room; and you anr w I never played a game of pool in my lilt, One of them declares I owe him his revenge. They maust mean it for a practical joke, but it is very Ill-timed." He went off, and presently we heard him at the piano. He cpened the concert with a fine piece of his own composition. Some part songs followed, which gave astisfaction; and then Hugh cams hurriedly for Betty, and to!die I might find a hiding.place amongst tc" palms, until I found a spot whence I con'd watch Betty; that was all I cared for. To my sanrprise, however, Hugh came in at a dour the other side of the conservatory. " Hugh, do you want me !" I asked softly. He took no notice whatever of me, for lii eyes were fixed upon the stage, where Betty was standing waiting for the accompanislt. As he drew near I saw it was not my potr, over-anxious brother, but a man of fashi, n and leisure who knew what it was to be vre y mno' bored in life. But I forgot about him en a moment, for Hugh took has seat at t ae piano, and played a short prelude, to gi" e Betty time to colle:t her strength in care she felt very nervous. And there was n y lovely Betty, standing in her usual simpl , graceful way beside him, with her mnue: rolled up in one hand, for she never needed to leak at her notes. That was one of the charms of her singing-it seemed so spon. taneoas. As she stood waiting to begin, there wan a stir throughout the audience; people simply stared with wonder at this delicate vision, radiant with leveliness. Betty's soft rings of oorn-caloured hair curled all over her head, her cheeks were rosy with health, and I read in her eyes that she saw nothing of the brilliant assemblage; her thoughts were far away in the song world, where, she declared to me, she ceuld hear divine, longdrawn chords, and a choir of sIngers with voices true as sliver bells. 'Oh. Betty," I cried to myself,. "wake up and do your beet, my Betty ;" and as though my thought oompelled her glance, her eyes met mine, and she woke. Then she sang; but who shall describe the clear bell.notes that thrilled and rang through the room? The audience became distracted, and when the last sweet note died away, they applauded Betty to the echo and would not be satisfed. I shall never oease to see her standing there in the rich old gown of crimson and gold and blue. She only wanted the,trumpet to be seraphlo as one of the Fra Angello's angels, floating on billowy clouds. Then Hugh played a slight prelude, and she sang her "bird song," trilling in the upper register with the facllty many a great inger might have envied, After this, people were crazler than ever, and made such a noise that I heard a growl belsde me. The man so like Hugh was standing, white and stern, just as Hugh was apt to look when indignant. "Poor little girl, they will frighten her," he said, and moved swiftly away to the oncsert-room. He spoke to some of the craider ones in a very decided manner, and silense ensued, and the next moment he came back to the conservatory with our Betty following him, bathed in tears. Sme of the audienoe had crowded round her and frightened the poor silly child. And no asoner were they well oaut of sight of the room than Betty olung to him with beth arms, and laid her soft, curly head against his shoulder. She had never onoe looked up at him. "Oh, Hugh; dear Hugh, have I not done enough i Mast I go bak and sing to these dreadfal people again? Please say I need not, Hugh. Indeed, you don't know how it hurts me, Hugh, through and through." By this time I had taken my Betty from the stranger, and Idareay I looked horribly disagreeable, but batore I could speak he made a sign that I should not tell Baetty of the mistake she had made, and he stood aside to let our own Hugh come up. "Need I ing again, Hugh," said Betty, and the real Hugh, looking down tenderly at her, said fircely: "If I had known they would have be haved like that, my little Betty, you should never have entered these doors. It tI too bad of them, though they mean it for kind ness. The truth is, your singing has taken them out of themselves. But you have sung enough, and shall go home, If jon like. I oan't come with you, but. Dot, you son take her home, can't you?' "Allow me the privilege of taking care of these ladies," said Hugh's double, stepping forward. "It is only fair, for this concert is given in my honour. My uncale--." "Then you are Mejxr St. John?" said Hugh. queetloningly. "Yes; and you are Hugh Sinclar, a fine oomposer and true musician, I hear. Rely on me to take the greatest care of your song bird, here." And with this Hugh left us, and we were led away Into a cool part of the gallery, c!loe to the flowers and fountains, and re freshments were brought to us. When Betty was less agitated she looked curiously at the Major, who was so like yet so unlike our Hugh. He, in turn, seemed intensely Interested in us, or rather, I should say, in Betty. " I want to know where you found this beauntiful gown." said he, asher ruby gown, open front, fell back over the blue quilted "In the garret," said Batty simply. " It belonged to my mother, and is our great graudmother's wedding-drsos." "You do not know what this aniont dame's name might have been?! he sug gested. "No, I don't know anything more about thbe gown," said Betty. "Onoe upon a time." sd he "I heard of a merry young girl, who finding an old dress in the garret, precisely like this, dressed herself in it for a fancy ball, and looked so lovely in such quaint attire that her doting father had her piotore painted as she looked that night. Will you come with me-I will show it you." We followed him across the corridor to a long gallery, and there, sure enough, my Betty, with her corn- oolsured curbl, was smiling at us from the wall, and the ruby, gold and blue setting was identically the ame. "What is the meaning of this masquera ding " said an irate voies beside us. We turned and saw the Squire, livid with emotion; I thought anger. Betty looked at him, and a smile came into her eyes of irresistible loveliness. "You are just like Hugh," said she eagerly. He did not reply. He simply stood and glared at us. "I have s'ready solved the p?zzle," said the Major very quietly: "as,' he added, more slowly, "no doubt you have done also. You cannot look at that young man's face without seeing what is patent to the least observant in the room--e is your living image. You cannot glanoe from the piotured loveliness on the wall to the face below with out seeing that a lineal descendant stands there. As to the dress-if further proof were needed-" Bat as he spoke the Squire seemed to pounce upon our little Betty. In a moment he had her under the lights and was holding her face, looking searchingly into her eyes. ibs own eyes glared so fiercely that I shoula have screamed with terror; our gentle Betty, however, trusted everyone, or reed them as a child would do. She looked in the old mmn's face and smiled. "Oh," she said again. "You are Just like Hugh. I never raw enoh a llkeness." " What is her name ! he said, in a kind of strangled voice, turning to me. " Elzabeth," I gasped; "but we call her L dy Betty. She has our mother's name because she is just like her." No one spoke after this. The old man breathed almost in sobs, and the Major ligned to me neither to move nor speak Bat I trembled for Betty; she was used to comforting aus all, even Hugh in his darkest moods ; she seemed to divine our needs, and she could not bear to see anyone suffer with. out giving her utmost of consolation. To her simple, true mind, only one thing at a time presented itself. So now she bent her head, and laid her cheek against the hand that held her so fiercely. The touch was the gentlest caress; and the next moment, the old man was holding our Betty close in his arms, a rain of tears falling on her soft rings of curls, The Maj r had drawn me away to the other end of the gallery, and here we sat down and stared at one another. I felt vary much Inclined to cry myself, and had a short atruggle whioh ended in an undignified choke. " Hugh told me to take her home," I said, a little crossly. "She ought not to stay any longer." And the Major, looking straight at me, said: "Litt'e girl, yoa are at home. The pioture on the wall is that of your mother, dressed for a fancy ball in the old ancestral gown. She made a run-away match with a singer, and your grandfather's heart was broken at her loss. She was as proud as he, and would never make an effort toconilliate him. She even kept him Ignorant of the fact that she had any children. Her huaband, I imagine, changed his name to Sinclair. since you are called thus, so all traces of them were lost. Feling other heirs. I was to inherit the estate here, but with your Hugh, as you call him, present. I am a no. b dy, only your very faraway coosin, Major St John, and your very faithful friend. I shall retire very willingly, for, with my own large estates to manage, I did not want any more upmn my hands.' With these words he rose, and we went back to the sofa where my Betty was sitting right under the picture of our mother. The old Squire was hanging over her, unable to keep his eyes from constantlycomparing the living with the pictured face. "Well, sir," said the Major cheerily; " you must not make invidious distinctions; here aI another claimant on your affections; a good, true little soul, to whom I am sure you will give a corner of your heart." "Oh, I am only Dot," I said hurriedly, fearing again that soawl of dislike I had watched gather on his brow. I got out of sight, clumsily enough, but the Major drew me forward. "She is like her father, you think Dear uncle, now on Christmas Eve, with the ' Glad tidings of great joy' ringing In your ears, ought you not to forgive and forget ?" The Major's eyes dwelt meaniogly on our lovely Betty, and I know he meant that a gift suho as that ought to fill the old Squire'. heart to overflowing. I was so pleased that I suppose I smiled as my grandfather looked at me. "She has a look of her mother when she smiles," said he, and he held out his hand cordially. From that moment my grand father and I have been the best of friends. But Batty and I were left alone in the gallery, while the Major and our newly found grandfather walked arm-in.arm, up and down the corrldor beyond. I heard the Major's strong, earnest tones again and again. "' It mist be, dear uncle, and at once." The Squire seemed mach grieved, and threw his arm about the young man's shounders. "You can't leave me the estate now," said the Major again; "Hugh Sinclair has a far greater claim upon It. Bit there is one more preclons jewel that now belongs to you, which I must gain your consent towin. I bell.ve in love at first sight, and from the first moment my eyes fell upon her I felt that I had met my fate." And the glance of both rested on our Betty, wh3 had wandered back to the further end of the gallery, standing dreaming amidst the flowers. What a lovely picture she made there, in her quaint, rich gown, with the old lace falling over her white arms, and her yellow curls against the background of palms. "She is only a child as yet," said the Sqalre jealously. And the Major laughed as they entered the gallery. "Come," he said to me. "We are going to make a sensation." Hugh was playing a fine place when we came into the cnonert-room. Oar grand father, leading Lady Betty, calmly ascended the stage, the Major followed with me. Hogh looked up wrathfully. He was very much displeased to see us brought back to publio view again. He made one crashing disoord, and then rose hastily. "Dot, I told you to go home," said he, severely. But ere I could speak the Squire bad taken him by the arm, and was speaking to him. Then he drew him unwillingly to the front of the stage, and in a few words ex plained to the assembled company that we were without doubt his grandchildren, re, tored to him wonderfully and unexpectedly, and that if this were matisactorily proved, Hugh would become his heir. Of course we were surrounded in a moment, and I think the ladles would have smothered Betty had not my grandfather stood between her and the many determined to seize and kiss her. Little notice was taken of me, which of course gave me time to see what others were doing. The Major had Hugh by the arm, and Hogh, haughty as usual, did not make him. self half so agreeable as he might have done; but then he was very muoh be wildered at the sadden change in his poul. tion, and proud-well, I am aure, if he had not thought more of us than of himself, he o would never have taken a penny from the o estate. When people moved away, I heard i the Major say softly to Hugh "' Be good to the o'd man, Cousin Hugh. He has had many a lonely year with his I broken heart." The two men took a long look into one I another's eyes, and then their hands met In I a handclasp which promised friendship unto I death. Hugh and our grandfather took wonder. fully to one another, and the Major watched 4 _it, well-. mutt uy It, for -veryood It is the 'truthnothinn~ and world will ever be to graond 0the ? e Betty ii. o her w , The Majer had thought of th ad presently he Went aw o with our two eldest, Be~ast d a iet what was said then I do oat d k e were sent to bed, and ulept tlokl iree where, I am lure a thouand gtbo havea wandered. For the S l hear of our going away thaw a h-t inSated upen our rooul' I b neared that if he let as go ho a gain for ever. But when Iaid t that the plaoe might be haoted m h la?ghed, and danced aboe leor, her ruby dres tlueling hae ld aglow in the fitful flames. "After all, we Owe everythig, "to the Great Crandmother' Ire.s, u 