SEALED ORDERS OR THE TRIPLE MYSTERY. This Story is written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Chief Inspector Br?nme, of the New York rPclae. CHAPTEE L. rAeO os BO"rrLLE IVOTS INFOrY.MATIO. On the morning followrig Kick Carter's arrival in Washington. disguised to "Hank" L~rell, of Clorado, the nest papers containedanothersenaticn. Again it was a case of two suicides, which had occurred about the some hour at different The news in each instance reached the reporters after midnight so that only the most meagre accounts of the tragedies could be gathered before the papers had to i go to press. The more notable victim was Dr Jerome, and the mystery surrounding his death I was deep. None of his friends were able , to give a satisfactory reason for the suicide. but a general rumor prervailed that the doctor had been the aexpted lover rf Ethel Gray, whose sdden disappearSnc in the hour when a won:a was found mur dered in her room, had been the sensation t of a few days befcre. It was therefore strongly hinted that Dr Jerome had taken his own life by reason, indirectly, of Miss Gray's un- c pleasant positien. The doctor's servant told the reprters the story of the disoorery of the suicide. Paul Cobden had celled abcut hr.lf-ptt 1 ten on the night befcre, with a friend who had taken sick on the street. Cobden had gone to the nearest drug store soon after to get a prescripftn filld. He admitted the latter on his return. ad then went to the basement About twenty minutes later he heard the two men go out and walk up the street. There were no other calls, and just at midnight he went to the office to see whether he would be needed again during the night. It was then that he discovered Dr Jerome layiag on the lounge dead, and the goblet which had contained the fatal dose lying shattered by the side of the corpse. Mr Cobden had been aroused from his bed at half-past one o'clock by the re porters, and quertieted. He was much surprised to hear of Dr Jerome's death, as the doctoi seemed to be in good spirits when he called, several hours before, with his friend. The second suicide was a nurse employed at the house of Represrttive Gray, the father of Miss Ethel (ray. the missing anspect. This woman's death by suicide seemed the more important from the fact that she was the maid of Mrs Orlando and Thereta Orlando at the time these two women were found dead i their beds. It was known that the woman carried the fatal poisn on o r erson in a hollow or false setting of a large seal ring which she constantly wore on her left hand. This secret receptacle was concealed by a spring slide, and contaired only a few drops of somo poison, which, however, was powerful enough to take a life very quickly. The coroner was reding the brief ao counts of the double suicide that morning when a ser'ant announced that two gentle men wished to see him en urgent private business. The cffial met his visitors in his re ception-room, and remained closeted with them for nearly an hour. When they came out, after their interview, the coroner was saying "Depend upon me, rr. I will do all that I can, acting conistently with my official duties, to aid ycu. I can easily find some excuse to postpoe the inquests several days." "By the wry, Mr Coroner," said that one of the two visitors who had been afdreased and who of course was Nick Carter, " there wasafragment of a cigar found nser Bray ton Ruasell's body. Do ycu know what became of it r' " Oh, yes. I remember very well. Miss G3y got it." " Miss Ethel Gray C' ""No, Miss Eunice-the elder oieter." "Eunice Gray !" "'iTee. I think vse =mut have been in loe wi:h him. She called at my dice the day sater the irquaet, and asked me to give it to her a? a remembrance. She smid it was probablyie o last thin; be had touched in life, and she would prirz it as precious accordingly. I gave it tc her, and I sup pore she has it yet." "Thank you, and gcod-morning." Nick returned to the Arlington alone, while Cobden went direct to Mlr Gray's residence. The former retired to his room, and waited putien:ly until noon, when the evidently expected mc-sace came. In answer to it he hastily left the hotel and tck his way to Eeprsentative Gray's house. The hutler uhcr. d him into the library, where Eunice, l'Aui and Fanchon B:utello were waiting for him. Nick at once prc corded to busines. "We have no time to I:ce row, my good girl," said he, addressig Farchcn. "Ethel Gray mutt be restored to her friends at once, srd you have information which may go a good w-y toward paving the way for her return." "'Ano=:3 I con tell I -~"! not ir. hold." "Good, ThEn tirsr tell ca u lsctly what occurred when you and liss Gray visited Brayton B?Easell the night he was killed." "I, at Mess Ethel's dirction, romuin in as hail just outeidd. Soon after she had gone in. a woman cxme up to me in zra hall and prints one daggr.iro at my heart make me geef her my cloak and hood, sand zen compel me to leave za Luilding and go home. She vya crazy; I see rat at ron glance, and I hesitate not to do as she ask. I woe vCane coward, I knov'." " You came right home "Yes." " Well ?" "Vell, ven ,Itee Ethel retun and see me viting? for her, she stlue and icquice 'How deed you cet h're first I" "Ze. I tell 'er everyzirg. I sought she vou:d faint. She =canc. 'Oh, vwe are lost! Vot has she done? Vat has she done "And she sent y~cu away Y' "Yes. She saked me el I voull rstara to France eef she gi'e me a year's rages. I would hafo promised unizing ten. I promise. She pay me at vonce, and say, 'Start emeedeately.' Zen ess Eounice earsuade me to come to New York and vait teel she might want me. She says Mess thel must be crazy, and might need it." "Had you ever seen that crazy wonasn b)fore r" "Neva re. "Why did you go to nrs Blake's when fou went to New York " .he ese Adam Thompson's seestaire." " And what mare you to Adam Thomp. Frashoh hag her heod, while a flash PI into her cheeks I am h - YIf." ,"No You are Mrs Adam Thompsonl" lo SNo, rire. I anm Madme Boutelle. ahn e ,,rue ame is Boutelle." a in Mi who wLas the woman found dead ov in Uis Ethel's room P" " 9y hu band'a seestaire." m Oh! oh' You knew she was dead a; rben clled on you that day F" of S h eore Y husband tell me all about it I I No, Madame Boutelle, tell me-who da o the hitd you have at Mrs Blake'e-the m orginl cf this photograph P" FanChionsprang to her feet in evident to excitmcnt. Sou know about heem P" b e s. Tell me all about that little w Farchon locked at Eunice questioingly. di " Tell im everything," smiled Eunice. sa z',"?t boy eca ze sn of my husband's a farmer mastr." R"irayton Russell P' ri Y ee." " And it's mother '" " Ere dead." "How came it in your cure I" "She leavd it wiz me, yen she come from Parec, vile she go to Vashington." P " What was she doing in Washington P" b SShe go to Pell her secret." " To whom P" " First she try Navarro." "Ata ! That explains Navarro's startled look when he saw her lying there on the b floor. She had visited him already. But why did she then go to Ethel Gray ?" " Becane Ices Gray vas very much in terest in ze child, and I suppose he ziuk Mebs Ethel vould buy ter off. My hbus- t band know more ab:ut it zan I." The butler put his head in at the door at t this moment and beckoned to Eunice. a The latter went to him, and he whispered d something to her. In great agitation she left the room. Nick remained silent and waited for her return. b When she came back she ?a? a surprise a for the dectcctc. Ethel Gray and Chick accompanied her. n CHAPTER LI. WHICH ENDS OURn sTOE. e With the return of Ethel Gray. Nick was enabled t-' pick up the last link in the great Triple Washington Mystery. d Chick found Ethel at her last biding- d place by shadowing Martha Lange on her first isoit to her former mistress after S Nick'E seturn to Washingt~tn. The first intention of Chick was to send c for Nick, but by a bit cf catre!'rsess he e Swras detected at his watch. Fearing he d might again lose this mist important per- y son (for he had in the meantime discovered that it was Ethel Gray) he pat her under arreet. t As coon as she fnlly realised her sit? a tion she aaked i'hicr to take her to 9 Washington, and agreed to go without the 17 Sforuolity cf rcquisition papers. As briefly as it could be done, Nick related all that he hod learned is his work on the cane. Then he said " It now rm ains for you to furnish what further information we need. You have 3 been shielding some one?'" "' FPr.", I "Whoianowdend!" r " Yes '" with a great sigh: "1 Your sister P" " My half-sister." a " Leone Antonelli F" Ethel nodded. " Brayton Russell's wife !" t Again she merely nodded. e Why did yc shieid and aid a mur r derese F" " She was no murderess." i" She killed her husband." "But he was irresponsible. The woman e was a maniac." After much persustion, Ethcl was in s duced to tell the whole story. Brayton Rus;11 had met Leone Antonelli h on one of the latter'a visits to the Grays a at Paris. The result was a recret marriage a and the birth of a c~ild. Then the young h mother became a raving maniac, and was 1 shut up in a masdhuse. Essall's valet, d the secret husband cf 3Mis Et€el's maid, e had found a woman who n:dertcok the g care cf the child icf a ctipulated Eum until . its father should be ready to claim it or :t make other arrangements for the boy's d future. o " Why was such care taken to keep the existence of this child a secret I" asked d Nick. "Need you ask, since you know so much h atoat the danger which threatened the 3\. existence of every Del Puants heir P" was a the rep:.. w "Tell me why you were willing to shield so this mid woman even at the sacrifice of S ponr own life ?" "First, because e tbe was my ha f-aister e- and I loved her. Second. because I pro g amised cur mother on her death-bed, when e- who revel'ed to me the relationship of to Le'ne, that I would keep this sister's birth-her very existenec-- rescret as well e- as that of the eoifd, until r.fter the claims th to the Del Puento estate had all been al sy blwed. Everything might have gone well ae had not Leo-e escaped from her keepers in Fre-nce." LI "Ah! She has been at large for soome sy time. then ?" ly YeE. In her mRPdness hs had but one ts desire-to escape and kill Brayton Russell for taking her child away from her. ce Gradually she grew better, Lad her phy ed cice.ns believed she was rapidly returning re to a site of permanent sanity. They sc y- corded her the liberty which in her mad at cunning she plotted to get, and when the opportunity cama shate escaped. as "The mad-hous9e aubhoritiea informed Rnsell 'f the escape. He sent for me, bne1sue he knew I was the only person who srs fully inf'rmod of all the f.cte in the history of hi unfortunate merri.ge. in It was I who met him at the Covington a 25 mouth before his death, and was driven tJ ro the Pennsylvania depot." it " Why did you go to New York t" "To be there when the French astmer is arrived next d.ay. Mr P.eeell believed p- that she would come direct to America, and might be a passenger on that steamer. He hcped I would be able to identify her P, even if eke was in diaguise, and succeed in 'r gettieg her to return quietly with her n, grandmother, Mrs Antonelli, until he could me meet her there and mike his peace with her." el " Ycu m:t her there F" Ta" No." • She was not on the steamer F" , " Yesa. But saw me firt, and eluded i me." c- "Well, then what ?" " I never heard of her till-till the day d of the tragedy. She then suddenly ip n. pesred is my room, and she appeared to be or Iperfectly cane and rational. All she de n sired, she raid, was to find the hiding-place g of her chid." "You didn't tIll her .' c. "No, becausce I didn't kiow." " Well, go on." at "I was called away from the room for ed a few minutes. When I returned she was gone. At the same time I missraed the in stilett) which Dr Jerome had given to ma. id Then I feared she had designs on her hue Al hand's life. It was to warn him that I re cal'ed on him early on that fatal evening. n "After I left the Covington on my io return, I Euddenly discovered that I had n droppd one cf my gloves in M1r Russell's k room, and I sent, as I suppoed, my maid back for it. When I got home and saw Fanobon there, and heard her story of the woman who had threatened her with a stiletto and compelled the surrender of the s cloak. I anticipated the terrib!e result. re "You know what happened when Leone returned to the Covington in the guise of it my maid. Had I not sent ter, she would s undoubtedly have left me before I reached ie home and returned without an excuse." " Where did she go after the crime was committed P" a "I don't know. She remaiad some s. where in hiding in Washington, for sae SI visited me herein this house severalrl ssims , I afterward, coming and going like a ghost." i " Ah, yes a The day we heard that it pistol-.shot in your room F" as "I tried to detain her, with father's help. She was armed. ad firnt that shot n I at father. Then she kept us both under cnver of the weapon and compelled father to sead you all away when ycu came to the In door to see what had happened." " She wam also the sewing girl who went ' to your room the night o your flight p" p. "Yes. She was hidden behird the bed when Marie Boutlle and I entered the sh room. She heard Marie reveal the fuet that she had Bmseil'sOaild in he poses sion, ad sw be hOw me the hCth the locket; heard her offer to deliver the child to me for a certain sum of money; also heard her threaten to turn the boy over to his deadly enemies as a last resort. "It was at that point that the maniacal mother asrang from her plsoa in hiding ,pon the victim and crushed the life out of Marie Bontelle in less than a minute. be I was so horror-stricken that I fainted. W When I revived she was gone, and the as dead body lay there on the floor. Realising ep my awful dilemma, I fled. " Fate so directed my steps that I over- br took Leone on the street. Her strength ot was nearly gone. Nothing but pity filled m my heart for her. I callUed a carriage, and we were driven to the depot in time to w' catch a train for Neow York. I took her in direct to her grandmother's, where you to saw her dead-dead-the day after we s arrived." as "Miss Gray. you have one of these tc rings P" asked Nick, holding up the snake ring on his watch-chain. " I have three of tbem." Her answer was wholly unexpected. I "Three ? ' n "Yes One is Mr Cobden's, as I sup pose you know. Another was given to me l by my mother, who told me Its history, and w swore me to secrecy; it was the joint pro perty of Lions and myself" it "And the third-" a "Is the one taken from Brayton Russell's d e body when he was killed." t "Taken by Leone F" "Yes. She had it when she died." a "How do you know she took the ring." k "Leone died perfectly cane, and related e i- to me all that occurred ox that tragic s night when she went bock to the Coving- h ,t ton. She found Russell aeleep in his chair, and he never knew whose hand it was that d deprived him of life." e " Asleep!" ti "Yes. He complained of feeling drowsy before I left him, in spits of the startling d e news I took to him." 1 "Do you know why he had sent for r, Navarro that night P"' n "Yes. To ask the senor plainly whether u his mission to the United States was not ii somehow conncted with the )al Puente estate. HIe ctrngly sear.' ted as much." k "There is nothing now '`it to clear up k n all this mystery ex.ce.t to dircover i Navarro's motive in giving Russell that t drugged cigar," said Nick. r "Drugged! The cigar drugged ?" c r gasped Eunice. " Yoe. That is why his mad wife found d him help'esa and at her ,merey when she c entered his rooms. That the cigar was dougged can easily te shown. Miss Eunice, you have the part of that cigar which wes te not consumed. Will you bring it to me F' r Eunice's face expressed great surprise at P the detective's knowledge of that one of r her secrets, but she did not stop to ask any ' cquestions. A few minutes later Nick held f( in his hands the stump of thr.t cigar, for r the possession of which he had declared to a d Suiperintcndent Byrnes he would give ii e.il(). " Chick, I want you to smoke the re t mairder of this cigar, in the cause of t e jutice." t Chick complied without word ef ob jection, and the effect was what Nick had t expected. In twenty micntsc Chick was under the influence of the drug. " I must arrest the only living parties to this great conspiracy, and discover just C what part they have had in the four deaths a which have come out of it," said Nick. E "You mean Senor Navarro and his r wife f" said Paul Cobden. ", Exactly." c Bat neither the senor nor his wife aver r fell into Nick's official hands. \VWhen he cahled at their residence on Second-street an hour later, the house was found closed. Tha birds had fl)wn. The Navarros escaped to South America, I and news has just reached Superintendent ii Byrnes that Inrz died from an attack of 1 yellow fever at Rio Janeiro less than one month age. S With her death is removed any possible L benefit to Navarro which might come from the death of any of the raezaising Dcl d Puente heirs. There ere but three cf those heirs alive 1 il now to claim the vast estate in Spain next I or Decemhrr :-Ethel Gray, whose litkeness to e her unfortunate haif-.ister once deceived the grestest detective in the United be States; Paul Cobden; and the son of I ed Brayton Russell and Leone Antonelli. Paul and Ethel will be marrie- jaat ch before they soil next winter for Spain to he take possession of their joint two-thirds a of the princely wealth. Eunice Gray has assumed the guardian a shoip of Brayton Rusoell'a orphaned son, of end is giving him the great love of her heart which went out to the father while er the latter was alive. Mr Gray has fully recovecred hla health n and his normal physical proportions. He of and Eunice, accompanied by litle Leon r's Rusesl, Fa=chon Boutelle and her hue ell Land, who onve entered Mr Gray's service, ns will sail for Europe immediately after the al- marriage of Paul and Ethel, to be Tons on el " the grand tcur" several years. Mr Gray r ha never got over his passion for travel, and, after the tragic events of their last no winter in Was.inlton, he and Eunice feel a sp?ial need of the relief which they can ne only find io a 'nstant chante of place. cl1 Both Nick Carter and Superintendent r Byrnea feel satisfied with the ucntcome of Sthe great conspirsoy. It would hvsre been more satifactory to them, partae,. cou!d SDr. Jerome and his female confederate d have been brought to justice and made to he pay the psnalty of their crimes upon the ec?sffold. But, when they consider that ed such an outcome would have made public , all the troubles and sri =:s which nuarly on crush?d cut life and h: iness for Ethel in Gray, they are reconcilcu to that which Scame to pass. a Tnus the Del Puent eoopiracy comes Sto an end with only three living dercen dunts to claim the eccentric old don's bil lions, but the three promise to prove tr most worthy heirs, who will not misuse 0d the mighty rower which their Monte a, Cristo poe-sesios r ive them er And when Nick Carter goes to Spain er he will not have to build a castle there, for in one wil be waiting to receive him as a r most welcome gu'st. ld THI E oD.] 