Spurtiiij? Notes. BY "TARANAKI." Owners and trainers who propose taking part in tho Burranong races to bo held on March 12 and 13, arc reminded that entries for tho Turf Club Handicap, Town Plate, Hurdle Rnco and tho Sires Produco Stakes closo to-morrow (Friday) March 1st. Goneral entries will be recived up till 8 p.m. on Monday, March 11. At a mooting held at Korth Berry Jerry on Saturday last, it was docidc:l to postpone tho Picuio raco-meetim* at North Berry Jerry from Saturday, lGlh March, to Mon day, March 18th. High was the compliment paid to Pickles sire, Invcrmay, whoa Mr. Ynillo, in auc tioneering the little fellow, said He was the best pony in tho world. It took a bit of a dandy to got to the end of a mile and a half before Invcrmay. Great offorts are being made by tho com mittee of tho Burrangong Turf Club to bring that racing institution back to its ono-timo popularity, and with that end in view a mooting was hold some time since, when tho ladies promised to do their part by provid ing tho luncheon on the course, tho profits derived therefrom to go to tho club, The ladies have also decided on holding a bazaar during ruco week for the same purpose. Tho two-year-old Extract has again been put into work, and is a daily visitor to the local traiuing ground under the care of C. Buckle. Taranaki has arrived in Sydney, where ho will bo got ready for that important two miler, The Sydney Gup. Malolo pulled up very lame after taking part in the Oakloigh Plate. The seusational gallop (says the Sports man) performed by Vanitas on Tuesday, must be largely discounted if expert evi dence is to go for anything. Competent authorities, among thein Mr. F. F. Dakiu, have pointed out to. us that tho course run was something like fifty.yards short of the hulf-mile.' ' ; A correspondent kindly sends us along tho account of the Reedy Flat races (Ade Iong)-^Maiden Plato, Exchango 1, Plunger 2, Greylight 3 Reedy Flat Handicap, De ception 1, Exchange 2, Br»nzewing 3; Ladies' Purse, Sailor Boy 1, Deception 2,; Miss Mernay 3 ? Selling Race, Plunger 1 ; Consolation, Reprieve 1. The winner of the principal handicap was steored by that sterling horseman William Currun. At the Madras ra es, on January.21 and 26, nine out of the 12 races on the card Yvero won by Auar.ralian bred horses or ponies, the names of the winners being Meg, Minnihaha, Sir Bryan, Maccaroon , (twice), Wellington, Harlequin, Luckshine, and Shears. Broken Hill is being quietly but steadily backcd for the;Ncwmai'ket Handicap. The Australian Cup winner is said to have an swered a question satisfactorily before cbni ing over from Adelaide. Mr. J. Turnbull, owner of Eiridsforde, ap pealed to the V.R.C. on Monday against the action of the V.A.T.C. stewards in ordering the Welter Handicap to be run a second time at Caulfiold on Saturday. After hearing expert and other evidence the com mittee dismissed the appeal, thereby up* holding the action of the V.A.T.C.stewards. Evidence was called with a view to proving' that) the starting barrier could only be re leased by the occupant of the starter's box pressing the button j bub the;starter, Mr. Godfrey Watson, firmly reiterated his state ment that he had neither done so| nor given the word to go. "The Special Commissioner" in the Sportsman writesAfter Pickles had won the Soiling Race last Saturday, there was some talk of matching the crack Englislr bred pony, Predominant, who is expccted from India shortly, against tho little grey. On Monday I approached Mr. E. Davis on tho subject, but he says he heard , nothing about the matter, and would not feel in cltned to make a match untd he had thought the matter out. The Australian Jockey Club officials were kept busy on Monday receiving entries for their 9th March meeting, and for Doncuater. Haudicap and Sydney Cup. In each in-; instance was a satisfactory result arrived at." for five races to be run on Saturday after noon meeting attracted 107 entries, aud Doncaster Handicap and Sydney Cup closed with 92 aud 58 respectively, against 99 and 51 for the corresponding races of last year. In Doncastcr Handicap will be found Brock loigh, Jeweller, Solanum, Pilot Boy, Pro jectile, Hopscotch, Ordnance, Slaomoro,. Lady Trenton, Bungebah, Blarney Stone. Oxido, Taranaki, Hirondelle, MorefioUl, Ruenalf, Theophilus, Georgic, Cremorne, Euroka, Loyalty, Devon, Preston, Dream land, The Admiral, . Bessie M'Carthy, Havoc, Nada, Wallace, Challenger, Whaka watea, Malachite, Gaillardia, and Molvolio, and those eligible to disputo possession of the bigger money in the two miles eveut in clude Brockleigh, Pilot Boy, Projectile, Hopscotch, Lady Trenton, Blurnoy Stone, Taranaki, Ruenalf, ITlorrle, Cremorne, Loy alty, Devon, Preston, Dreamland,- The Admiral, Bessio M'Carthy Havoo, Nada, The Harvester, Carnage, Cobbity, Patron, Quiver, and Bonnie Scotland, so that those most immediately concerned have good cause to feel pleased. How now, j argue the weight theorists (Writes " Reginald," in Ihc'Sporlawin), can Fortunatus.have tho,ghost of a chance with Bessie Macarthy in the Newmarket Handi cap? When it ia taken into account that Mr. Gollan's filly experienced no difficulty in getting rid of Power's mount (who was : ridden right out) at a difference of a pound in her favor in the Solect Stakes, it cer tainly doos not seem very probable that For tunatus will ho equal to squaring accounts with his Caulfielu victress iu the oig sprint race when he meets her on so much worse terms in regard to " ballast." The thing JookB, it must be said, out of dojibt so far as these, two candidates are concernod. But there aro, it should be borne in mind, no set rules for deciding these kind of arguments. Tho game is a terribly uncertain one, and it would not be an occurrence without parallel if Fryingpan's son got down the Newmarket j straight before Ingomar's daughter. 