SHREDS AND PATCHES. (Br Aegus.) A ' STICKLER iFOR 3ETIQTJETTE, The member for North Esk has broken out in a new plaoe.' The Hon. H. I. J. Booke is about the last individual that one would suppose ?would be a stickler for etiquette, but he lias latterly posed as the boss champion of Par liamentary formula. The Govern ment wish to do away with the '* man wi*h the toasting fork'— I beg pardon, the Usher of the Black Rod in the Council, and so save £50 a year* butthe hon. H.J.I, considers the dignity of the Chamber would be lowered if they had not somebody to sit in a chair behind them and open the door for hon. members. Now, the prbposal is to roll the Clerk Assistant and Usher into one. Poor Reid, what has he done that they should, want to dress him as an effigy in breeches and silk stock ings-— not that he has£a bad-shaped leg though— I am sure the Clerk's xobe is far more becoming. The system in vogue of interrupting the business of the Chamber by bringing up messages and bills promiscuously requires alteration, and if the aboli tion of the position of Usher will help it so much the better. At all events there is no necessity to make an effigy in silk out of the Assistant Clerk. ; ? ' ? f ? ? . It is a good thing perhaps for the credit of the city that A the set - to between chAeitable Aldermen Barrett and suggestion. Gilmore did not come to a head the other night, but as they are evidently spoiling for, want of a bating could they not be accommodated and at the same time the meeting be turned to good account ? Just fancy what a splendid poster this would make. Grand Charitable Pugilistic Display, The New Zealand Slasher ,.- : And the Geobge Tottn Pet. , ; A MEUBY AliDEBMANIC RotTGH AND ; ??.. ; Tumble. ; The George Town Pet undertakes to knock out the New Zealander one hand in two rounds. In aid of the Launceston Chahities, Roll up. Only One Shilling, Why an entertainment of that sort would draw like a fly blister, .and there are plenty who would give a .couple of ponies for the house and then present the winner with a champion belt. ? ??*.'? ' ? ? ? ? The pugnacious Crosby Gilmore is , , on the war-path once pugilistic, more. Crosby abhors windbags and longs to punch them vigorously whenever they torment him. Our C5ty Council just at present is noted for its array of windy men, but, bless your heart, gentle reader, there is nothing else in them, Crosby apparently longs to knock the gaseous stuffing out of these ? inflated civic bladders, even if he has to tackle the job single-handed. 'Why doth the doughty Crosby G — — - Long to punch, and slog, and mangle P Because he knows the party cry Is 'if not a win, then wrangle.' Launceston citizens look back with regret to the days when what A they were proud to hold falling up their City Council as ofp! one of the best conducted in Australasia ; look what it has become^ since th© ultra* ' democratic ' element has been introduced into it. Here is a slice from Monday's wrangle :: — ' Alderman Gilmore said so far as he, was personally concerned he intended to defend any of hia public actions. Alderman Sadler— You might do it on the platform. Alderman Gilmore— No, I will not; I *vill do it at this Council table. Alderman Sadler — You are afraid. Alderman Gil- more-- 1 am not afraid of anyone. It is simply men like yourselves who do not confine yourselves to the strict truth. The Mayor— You should not inter ject, Mr Sadler. Alderman Gilmore— If you interject you will get it. In reference to the appointment a great deal has been said to the effect that the officer had no|t got American or English qualifi cations. Alderman Barrett — Mr Gilmore, in the heat of his temper — Alderman Gilmore—- 1 am not in a temper. Alderman Barrett — I say in the heat of the moment I have heard Mr Gilmore say .with reference to myself, u. I will fight him with one hand.' . Alderman Gilmore — I have not any recollection of having made that statement, but if I said it I am prepared to carry it out,' Well may the burgesses exclaim with the ghost in Hamlet, ' What a falling of£ was there t' He was known in his district as a j good young man, whose ? A father . was a local ; hobsey preaoher, The ' good incident, young man' had, how : ever, a secret love of horse-racing, and resolved to gratify his inclination at all hazards. Ac cordingly he arranged quietly with some friends to assist him unknown to; the outside world. He had a little mare extra smart on the trot, so he nominated' her for an event at one of the pony and trotting meets near Launceston. His friends made him a showing jacket, and carried out m.ost of |tho arrangements for him. Ultimately the day for the trot' arrived ± and. the 'good young man?* rode with the rest of his family, into Launceston. Once in the city he soon found an excuse for leaving them, and, acting on the advice of his friends, visited the establishment of a farrier^ who also owned trotters, and had the shoes removed. He told the farrier his mare was sure to win, but the knight pi the iron shoe, it appears, at the very last moment disregarded his tip and backed some thing else. The good young man rode his own horse and won the race, but the onlookers got an idea into their heads that he was a parson in ' diaguise, and made nasty re marks whenever he passed the en closure. I hear that the guileless one ever since the race has been racking his brains to satisf aotorly account to his family for his becoming so sud denly flush of money. This lusus natures is attracting a oon siderable amount, of the , attention just at present new by the manner in which woman, ' she apes, not man's ' virtueB, but Mb- vices. She wants to learn to smoke, to ' swear, frequent clubs, drink whisky- ' and-soda, write novels next-door to unfit for publication, and do other ! ''. things more or less shady. A writer 1 in a Sydney paper, saya he has re- ? cently made enquiry, into* the aims of the f* new woman,' and has placed. ''.- the result of his researches into the following poemlet i— Oh, the Twentieth Century Girl t What a wonderful thing she will be! She'll evolve from a mystical whirl— A woman unfettered and free. No corset to crampen her waist, No crimps to encumber her brain } Unafraid, bifurcated, unlaced, Like a goddess of old she will ! feign ! She'll wear bloomers— »a matter of ' course She will vote, not a question of doubt ; She will ride like a man on a horse, At the club late, at night she'll . ..?: stay but. If !she chances to love she'll propose ; To blush will be quite out of date ; Sble'll discuss politics with her I beaux, And out-talk her masculine mate ! She'll be up infthe science of things; She will smoke cigarettes y she ! will swear, If the servant a dunning note brings, Or the steak isa't served up1 with ? '} ? care. !- ? ? ? ? ; ''?'?' * ? No longer she'll powder her nose Or cultivate even a curl, Nor bother with fashions or clothes This Twentieth Century Girl I Her voice will be heard in the land ; She'll dabble in matters of State ; In; counsel her word will command, , And her whisper will laws re | gulate. She will stand 'neath her banner ; unfurled, Inscribed with her principles new ; But the, question is— What iii the ? ' 'world : ' ' ?' ' ' ,' ?-.' The New Century Baby will dot | ? ? ? . ?? ? ? ? ?? ? ? ? « ? ?? ' « A 'correspondent has sent me the ! following incident as bough, having occurred in the ! capital . recently :— - ' He was a pressman, and had written an article concerning a certain politician which was hardly the truth. Some days after the appearance of the artiole the writer Was accosted by a lady relative of the politician, and the following waB the wind-up of their conversation : — Lady — ' Yoa should join a church choir.' Press max — ' But I don't sing.' Lady— ' Oh, that doesn't matter. I hear they are going to introduce harp xhusib into St. David's, and there is not much difference, you know, between a harp and a lyre, so I thought I'd ma^e the suggestion.' Then they parted. ' 