IWGHE&DEXWIXTCX; RAILWAY. ? » ? A meeting of tbe committee appointed at the public meeting which was held sonic time ago in opposition to the Hugb.endeii-Win.ton Railway was held on Wednesday at tbe offices of Mr. \V. H. Robison (Hon. Secretary). There were present: — Messrs. \V. Burns. \V. Kidston, T. Henderson, T. Kelly, J. Lar combe, J. C. Browne, K. Power, H. Fiddes, and A. Bertram. Mr. Barns was voted to tbe chair on the proposal of Messrs. Henderson and Fiddes. Mr. Bertram : Is this a public meeting ? The Secretary : yea. The Secretary then read the following telegram, dated the 27th of September, from Mr. G. S. Curtis, M.L.A.-.— ' I suggest that your Committee endeavour to get meetings held at Longreach and Barcaldiue to protest against the Hughenden- IVinton Railway. ' He (the Secretary) bad also had a letter dated Brisbane, the 29th of last month, from Mr. S. W. Hartley, in which it was stated that the proposal of the Government to include the extension of a railway from Hughenden sixty-five miles towards Winton in its rail way policy had occasioned great surprise and dissatisfaction to Mr. Archer and other Central members, especially as it was under stood that no such proposal would be made this session ; but the Committee could rest assured tbat nothing would be left undone by Mr. Archer and the other members of the division to defeat the project. He (the Secretary) had also had a letter from Mr. Curtis confirming his telegram and express ing the hope that vigorous action would be taken. The object for which the meeting was called was to consider what steps should be taken with reference to Mr. Cnrtis's telegram. In reply to Mr. Fiddes, the Secretary said tbat a circular was sent to Barcaldine some time ago requesting that a pubUc meeting should be held there to protest against the building of the line ; but he had not received any reply. A telegram, how ever, had been forwarded to the Bridtane Conrwr from Barcaldine, stating it was not intended to have anything to do with the matter. Longreach, on the other hand, was The Chaibk&x; Slid the Government had misled the Central people with regard to this railway. When they wailed on Mr. Nelson (Premier) in Rockhamton in April last he (Mr. Nelson) rattier jeered at them and going to build it. It was evident, how ever, that it had been the intention of the (?ovcrnment to construct the line all along, and that it liaii merely hoodwinked the people here. Mr. Bertram : I see the Blacpkall people are moving in the matter of getting it railway {n that place. The SECBETART: They have Wti doing ' 'Mr.'rBmaAH : So far is I ran see they The SeceCTakv : They have protested, and very strongly. The CnArestAV : It is strange they slionld. The Skcketaky, in reply lo Mr. Browne, said he issued about thirty circulars to public liodies in the division. Ho had received only eight replies and seven of these were favour able to the Committee's suggestion. Mr. Fiddes (to the Secretary) : You an nounced that this was a public meeting? On what grounds did you do that ? The Secretary : Mr. Henderson came to majnriry of the members of the Committee were in favour of having the press here. say to-night whether the nulling is to l-e private or public. Mr. HesiikrsoS : If you had any objection to the reporters being present you were -iuite at liberty w Mate it. Mr. Bertram : ] do not think the meml-t-rs of the Committee generally have het-u spoken Mr. Henderson : No. Mr. Henderson-: The reason I abked Mr. Rnlfison to invito the* prt^s to be present was desirous the press should be lure : but it was elearlv understood that if the Committee di.l not want it to be here it should fay s«». Of course we could not ask the representative of the Press to attend unless they won1 in vited beforehand. Air. Hertkam: J *ill weoml -Mr. Fi.M«w« Mr. Kjdston : I move ihai the press l-e admitted. Mr. Powee seconded the amendment. Tbe amendment was then put and carried. Messrs. Kidston, Power, Browne, Larcombe, and Henderson voted for it and Messrs. Bertram and Fiddes against it. Mr. Kidston- : I should just like to say that there are things in connection with this matter it is not judicious to *a.y, and niembtrb of Committee should use a little discretion in speaking. The Chairman : I hope so. Mr. Kid-ton : The division is in a ticklish position, and members of Committee should remember that. The Chairman said he thought that it it were put I.efor* Southern members that the Centre had as much right to take its raihray into (iie Southern Division as the Northern Division had to bring its line into the Central Division, the Centre pal by from them. (Mr Browne : I think our members will do that,') He had pointed ouf that fact to u Southern gentleman the other day— and shown that Cbarleville could save 100 miles of railage by coming to Rocfe harapton— and he acknowledged he had never viewed the 'juestion from thaT aspect before. Mr. Kidston said be could not help think ing that further protesting would have no Government to build the railway, in fact, they might as well expect to persuade a cat to let go a mouse that it had just caaght by moral snasion as expect to induce Mr. Pbitp sideration. It might be their duty to protest ; but he did not think it would affect the issue very much. Every member of Committee must regret that the Central mem be re did not act on the suggestion made by tbe Committee and the public meeting some four months ago ; but it wonld be unwise at this stage to say anything that would have the appearance of casting blame on the members, which, perhaps, they would hear of later on. In tbe mean time, however, ths Committee might quite well express regret that the members bad not done what had been suggested because if they had acted on the suggestion the proposal would never have been tabled at all, be believed. Of far more importance than that, though, was the ques tion of trying to strengthen the hands of the members. No doubt they wpnld oppose the Government as strongly as they knew how ; but the Committee might express its desire that they should oppose the proposal by every 'Stonewalling, for instance?') They should not hesitate iu stonewalling or anything else ; bat even that, he was afraid, would not be effective in having the railway rejected by the Legislative Assembly. Tbe Central mem bers were not sufficient in number to defeat a measure upon which they alone u ere specially interested, and the only thing he could sec which was likely to do any good at all was to appeal to the Leader of the Opposition and the Leader of the Labour Party to assist in securing the postponement of consideration of the bill until after the general election. The proposal of the Government was a new Queensland and an interference with the districts which had hitherto been re cognised ; and whatever might be the opinion as to the desirableness of th« line, in the present position of the claim made for Separation by the Centre and North it would be quite permissible to appeal to the leaders of the Opposition and the Labour Party to aid the Central members in having the bill shifted over until the general election was concluded He would move to that effect. Mr. Henderson, in seconding the motion, suggested the Secretary might write to Mr. Browne, the member for Croydon. Mr. Browne was likely to do the movement to stop the building of this line a great deal mnrp -mn*l than Mr. Glassev. Although Mr. Classey represented a Northern constituency he was essentially a Son them member, while Mr. Browne was essentially a Northern member and an ardent Separaiiontst at that. Mr. Curtis, in his letter to the Committee, said he thought that the accession the Govern ment would receive from the Northern mem bers would more than make up for any defec tion among its supporters. That was where the chief danger came in. The Northern La I. our members, he believed, would vote wiih the Government ; bur if Mr. Browne could be convinced that the line would be inimical to Separation, a. good, tnuuy of those members would be got to oppose the Government, or, proposal. That done, the division would be a very close one, if it did not tesult in the defeat of the -;overnment. But if the pro DOba.1 u'as carried by a narrow majority ihe iine could not be completed before Parliament was dissolved, and in the ueiv Parliament il uoulil be eoniparulively easy lo rescind *lie Mr. Lawomhk supported the motion, re marking thai the people of the Central Divi sion hid cooil ground for asking the support of Ihe Southern member* as well as that of the Opposition ami the Labour Party in the fact that the proposal wonM involve the use less expenditure of mouey. The line would not brio** in any additional revenue. It would simply mean that there would be extra traffic on the Towusville line— traffic that now came to Rockhampton, but which then would go to Town=vi!!c instead of Rock Mr. FlDDE-- said it u-.,s only right to assume there were fair men on both sides of the lusttaTtTtVe 1°\\-nt™i°lDivSi-ii'!- an.Uf a'n appeal were made to the Opposition aud Labour Party these Hn'n iniphr ho prevented nrnpotiu.9 'in hi* opinion il would be far ,,-tler lo appeal lo the fair fcliiiR and ridit nwdaiaeA I of members p-ncrally— members A-ho occasionally voted with the Government is well as those who opposed it. Apart iltogether from the qnestion of Scpara ;ion, the Hughenden line was one which should not be constructed. What the Government proposed to do was a riling that no private company would do. No company would build one line, and then construct another to compete with it. Th.- | country that ihe HughenaWWintcn Railway proposed Lo tap was country tliut Iia.d hitherto . deakwiththeCentral I-iviBii,n. If ihe Northern 1 people Wdnte.1 a bhare --l lilt expenditure aud i wished lobuilil n railway, they should ul;y it towards Richmond. That was a line that \ would be Le=st, nor only in the interests of the | North, but in tU« uttun-atd of lh*.- u hole | colony. As lie Imd alreaiiv slii i, it vvoulil U better for the Committee' to appeal la ihc general fair feeling and riyht mindednt'&s; of of them wishing to' see the Centre plundered. He did not know if they had aright ioas#uim* that the Govern neut intended to pas* t li ib railway. It was possible it might have bceu induced t o bring it forward for poli lical purposes. (Mr. Kit»tox : 'Fun.') He would not say the Government had brought it forward for fun, but it might be influenced by some political object. He would suggest to Mr. Kidston that he include in bis itioiloo that ud appeal lie made to Southern members generally. Mr. Hevdeesos : The Premier, who is the leader of the Southern memo-re ^ Mr. Fiddes : I think we should include the we con6ne our appeal to the Opposition and Labour Party we may, to a certain extent, Mr. Henderson: It is hardly fair to ask the Secretary to write to all the Southern members, and the motion simplifies the matter by specifying the leaders of the two parties likelv to be of assistance to an. How ever, if Mr.' Fiddes thinks that the leader of the third party (Mr. Nelson) is likely to help Mr. Bertham contended the discussion had drifted away alLogi' her fiom the object for which the meeting wa, c^li-d, and that the course proposed tn he (um-h uas no doubt tbe course that the Central members had already taken. It might be, a* had Wen suggested, the proposal for political purpose*— with the bnt he thought they ttii^h' dt- nead on the good sense of tlic Hoiisr for material assis Ur/KiKraiVuioi-.- M,. I'id.les will uot take what I am eoinjj t-- say u=s too personal ; but I think no oiie l.ut ?? tV.I could have any the railway if it can. In fact, it is simply the price that the Brisbane political party is paying tbe Towusville party for its ap-.stacy to Separation. Mr. Kjdston : And it is only going lo pive it half of the railway. That is because it wants to keep up the quarrel be tween Towusville and Rockhampton. If the Government backed away from granting this railway to Tounsville the people there would get angry with it and go for Separation again. He was perfectly certain of this— the Govern ment would pass the railway this session if it Mr. Brownk: There is no doubt about that, Mr. Kid*tos : I am ^nite willing to appeal to Southern members if it is practicable. Tbe reason I suggested the leaders of the Opposition and the Labour Party was tbat if a good number of Southern and Northern tbL'*-Sntnd Division ^tvJe ^iQ^moT'lm phattc protest possible it would not Lave Centre, bnt about splitting rbe Centre and the North, and that railway is u very effective means of doing that. The motion is strengthen the hands of onr ineinbei s. Mr. FlDDK.-: Appeal to the fair play of all the members. That is all I ask. Mr. KeixV: I am disappointed with the worded.^ Tbe appeal should be made lo the Central ,neml-ers, and it should be left to Ihcin to sect 'viiat aid they can to defeat the proposal. I think that is » hat ue should .lo shall j;ct some support 'iron, the South ; hut 1 do not thiuk ue can r.vpw! much from the Srinded'I'm'ii'i'''lhc Soiiili'«-lio°ri am ture, rh'iukrei'thtr.0'ho't''^ !he Jail' (''j of iCii.. iiient like this a ^ueslinu involving -n.-h a Mr. Bk.ktkam : And -»n au rxptTiincnt-il j line. Mr. Kki.i.y : We are uoi a-kini; for auy Ihiili; l,ut illlal H'.-colM'eiivioln'tk-kl, au.lif j the proposal is not lor enim- politic.!] jul- or other I cannot see any other reasou for it. Mr. Lamiimiu:: Alter the motion to read that we ask the lea.lcrs of the Opposition and slop to thi? wasteful expenditure of public money. Mr. Kiu~ton : 1 assume That the Ontral know to defeat the project, and I made [hi's1 proposal -not very hopefully- -hut because I thought it inuht, possibly, result in _-ood and strengthen the hands of tiie Central members. members are neglect iliiMlic i'n..ller! although ? Laughter.) The (-HAlliMtN: Ti.. iv i« ,.ne point 1I..11 has UOt b,en uri:e(l. ami Ihat i- tl.at ihe hue ; contrary it will mean a loss, because the ! railways will lose Dearly 101) miles of haulage I and the Northern aud Central lines will he I competing with each other. I Mr. Bei.TRAM : Aud the interest oil the cost of constructing this line will lie lost. Mr. Kll)-T,.Mto Mr. Fiddes): I am i,uile willing to add that ue appeal to Mr. N.lson, 100, if you like. (Laughter.) Mr. Kt-JXY : We huve tuu niemL*tr*' and ilit'i'*- an; uiniitwirs rcpreseniiog t-he ('entra.1 .nnstilu.iui.s, and we sluiuM ask them t.i take III.- matter ill hand and -et the asist imc-: of all parties. Why should we appeal that our members art doing all they can. Mr. Kki.lv : Kxcept on the assumplion thai they are neglecting th.ir duly in the Mr. 'r. 1.1.1 s: Oh, no. Mr. KkiJ.v: We have to .leal lii.~l uilh llie leinr.l meiul.ers, wlio an- Ihe ? I in Mr. KlI^To^ : I l.ave assumed ihal llii-v are doiu^ ^11 they can. Mr. Kkij-Y: They may take it as a vol.' Mr. FlM.ts: It may be con^lrunl iulo sHimtithitig of the sort, though, of courw, that uiecting urges upou the Central memlters lo oppose by everj* constitutional expedient the proposed extension of the Northern Railway into Central Queensland, and, further, appeals to the Leader of the Opposition and tht Leadtr of :he Labour Party to use their bers to secure a postponement of the proposal ground that the constituencies have a right to be consulted before so great an alteration is made in the present district* into which the colony is divided.' Mr. FiDDt.- : Make it ** present railway t-ystem of the colony ' instead of '* present districts into which the colony is divided.' Mr. Kjdston ; It is qnire weJJ recognised that Queensland ie divided into three eleo to rates — three embryonic colonies — and the whole railway system has hitherto been ran on that assumption. (After a pause) How ever, if you like to make it ' present railway system of the colony' I have no objection. Mr. Fiddes : It is altering the railway Mr. Kidstov : An.l it will alter the dis tricts. Mr. FibDES : Of course il will have that effect. After further debate Mr. Kidston'e motion, amended to read thus, was carried without a That rhis meeting orpes ujran tit Central Diemben; to oppose by even constitutional ek~pediem the proposed esteosion ot Lhe Northern Railwav into Centra] Queensland, and, (unhet, xhax a e a; peal lo the Leader of the Opposition and the Leader of the Labour Party to nse ihejr influence viLh Southern and Northern members session of Parliament, on the proaod that the con. stituenrjes bave a ri^bt to be coneolted liefore so great an ajLeralion is made in iht present rail^cav *.-\\-siem ol the colony. ' ' It was agreed t he Secretary should write to tbe bodies which had consented to act with Mr. BROrtNt spoke of tbe necessity of can - and Messrs. Henderson and Power, who] with Mr. W. -:. .J. Edgar, were appointed to nicike a canvass, said they would start collect ing at once. It was agreed there was no necessity to take any further actiou regarding the telr grani n-ceived from Mr. Curtis-the Secretary having be-jn directed to forward c -pies of ihr rnotiou that had juet been passed to all t lie bodies which had promised to help the move ment — and members generally concurred iu the opinion that the time for public demon stration was past. Mr. Benders.. s- : I hope tbe members heiv thing they h*\e done ib likely to have the slijhieai practical effect in stopping the rail way fioin heing built. The Committee ma«, which su^getted a practical means of stopping it : but u hat «t have done to-night is simply tile forloruesr of forlorn hopes. There may poaal, but it is only a ghost of a chance. We i^ked our members to take effectual means of wtoppim: the building uf the railway thrtf or uou wVask utiu-r n.e:nl-rra to do pracru-ilJy M'Juf our own me uilwrs dt'cjiiied i*- do. Tlurt- is an old faiyioi: that providciu-e holpP iboso v. lii- help tln'iiistflvesi. Humanity i-. very inu^h tlic stun: It peoplo il.i uol licl|. tjioni^flvcs, lln'V caunot e\pe».-t olht-rs to lieli^ lliem ev«i Ihou-I- lli.-y may hi- nei.-lil.am-. :iD.t Iriendlv lo.iar.lslluMn. Mr. Kektkii : ThU U not vcy ivwUnl. Mr Hnnnsnv; Ishoul.l like tn slalr my vin.li.! opinion ih.a if Ihe ni.luav is l.uill «',? our cm. 111.111l.01-. Il will lie si»vp\y iluii The Cimm:m.is : llieie i.re iliHerem opinions on llut. Il is the (ioveriiinei.l III.: is; doini; it, At a.ny rat*;. Mr. Fiddvs: If il li.vl 1101 lieeu f..r ill. -ior-.TDinenl il »ould not have been clone. Mr. Kei.lv: I tin not «UI. itlo -o forlh anxious 10 ^lop lliis railway — as anxious 'a.-- anv people could he. I believe they hatl very ...o,l ?r,.ni,.ls for liiipins an 1 believin- that ihe line »oul.l never Li- 'ijrt.u^n forward, an.l if they uvie .le.eive.l Illey 0111M not help il. Th. V .:m- nul the Hist U'lio'liait- been deceivoi ill ni.uurs ot I In- kind. I ir-ler that if they h^.l tlinm-lit there nakany neoessily, for no»' thai li.w ?»?,? tln-n- is nei-essily they are This conelmled the hnsinc^s of the nice! in;;. 