TlK1SH-AT«0G!T!ES. FERU'ClOljS SLAUGHTER OF „ T- MT"? fiAEMESIigsTS. JXV ' " A WEEK X5F iklRRORS AT COR- .jj. - jARTlRPPLE., The English i>ht>ers delivered 'iU'Mel- . , bourne yesterday ore full of miccounts of the .week of horror in Stamboul at the beginning' of lasi inonth. The ' cable messages but faliitly convey the Idea of the atrocities nernctrated' nn-i we. now supplement the cabled ac counts by a Xe\y hurried clipped partic ulars; Chiefly we extract ;frotn the " Daily News" which thus focuses the events of the week The summary of the week's trouble is that tbc Aimenians wished to make a demonstration which should hasten a solution in favor of their co-religion ists; that the Porte determined that it should not tulcb plabc, while unwise leaders of the Armenians had made up , their uiiuds that it should, even though force became necessary. This was their great mistake, because once there was a question of force they had not a chance of success; but being men dri ven (o despair, they went through with their programme. . Then Moslem fana ticism. armed and in authority, was let Idosc. and every Armenian who was armed liocame a victim, together with 'hundreds who were unarmed. There had been no rising., no insur rection, or rebellion; but opportunity has been taken of the employment of violence at the presentation of a mani festo by persons iu despair to. let loose upon these poor wretches the violence of the Mohammedan portion of the com munity. and the revejtge taken lias been cruel and brutal. ' Jfauv of the men. who li.ive been killed are men who were simply frantic from the losses the.v or their relations have Incurred, and who were reckless of consequences I vorii.v believe that there are doeus of men who have gone about the busi ness in sheer desperation, absolutely careless whether they would ho killed or not. One sueh man was In the em ploy of an EuglLsk merchant. He too was remonstrated with, and ordered not to go on penalty of being dismiss ed. He went, and after three davs' prison, in which he states that lie vras beaten and tortured, came out looking like the ghost of his former self, and one mass of bruises. a rursoNEit's horrible tale. The following experience relates to a person well known and respected bv many American missionaries in the capital, and is related to me bv that person himself. An office-hearer iu an Armenian Protestant Church at Guedifc Pacha In Stamhoul, where one of the most serious attacks was made, wute engaged in superintending the building of a chuixh at Gucdik X'acha on that day. About 10.110 iu the morn ing. seeing many Moslems about, aud believing that his life was iu danger, he went to the chief police prison iu Stamhoul to ask for protection. lie was arrested, hut a Moslem who knew him vouched for his character, aud he was released, and obtained some po lice to accompany him. The police, however, did uolliing. The mob of Sortas, gypsies, aud others ,bad in creased, and lie therefore returned to the police prison again. There he was re-arrested aud detained in prison. While there he witnessed the arrival of the Armenian prisoners, who were furiously beaten and prodded with bayonets, tiie floor being covered with blood. A warder in the prison to whom lie was known protected him from being beaten. He declares that he and others saw four soldiers heat — - .u.-jnsii porter ro ueutn, aua . afterwards three other poisons. As the prisoners were brought iu they were sent into an inner court, brutallv beaten, and kicked down a flight of steps Into a dark cellar. He himself was sent into this cellar, aud found there a man with his arms and legs broken. Altogether there were a hun dred prisoners there. During two hours the outlet was closed, and while those within feared death from suffo cation, they heard the awful cries from above of men being beaten. Mv Informant was released from the eei- lar after sunset on Monday. Eiglitv- elght persons spent the liight iu "a ,wlu uu-.iu, oLicuu leet square, r our others of the congregation of the same Protestant Church were similarly ar rested, hut on "Wednesday morning they and a great number of oilier pri soners were allowed to go free. killed like a dog. Incidents like the following could be given to a sickening extent, hut this one must serve as a sample: — On Tuesday the police had arrested iu Gliedik Pacini, Stamhoul, an Arme nian from the provinces, a strong, powerful man. l'lio prisoner was es corted by two policemen and two sol diers of the regular army. Two Sottas followed the escort. ' When tlicy reached au isolated place iu the quar ter, one of the two Sottas who were following the prisoner suddenly struck a heavy blow ou the head of the poor Armenlau, who, after staggering for a moment, fell covered with blood. The policemen and the soldiers began to kick him iu order to make him gel up. When the man got up he struck in wild desperation with his fist at one of the soldiers, who fell, aud lie also kicked i lie other. He was at once overwhelmed by the number of his as sailants, and killed on the spot like a dog. AT THE HOSPITAL. Kot far from the hospital we passed two closed waggons with bodies, and at the door we met one just emptied coming away. Inside, near the chapel, Were eight mutilated bodies that had just come. I was disguised, to avoid the suspicions of the Government of ficials, and first visited the hospital proper. Iu one of the beds was a Woman who bad been stabbed in the left lung. She also had a out under the knee, and another ugly out in the wrist showed she had tried to defend herself. Her wound In the breast is mortal. She said that about miduight of 1st October they had heard the uiob coming outside. She, licr husband, and father, together with a family of co- tenants consisting of a man, his wife, Bon, and daughter, had tried to hide themselves with some hales of cotton. The Turks came upstairs with torches, crying "AW there any men here 5" When they discovered the women screening >tlie men, they dragged tbcin all put- She and the other woman were wounded. The men wore killed, hut the girl escaped. Towards morning they ' were sent by the police to the hospital. The story of the other woman is so horrible that I can give only the out lines. She was ,with child at the time, . and after a severe blow on the bead, she received a large cut In the abdo men, resulting In premature-blrtb. Sbe was still alive when she .reached the hospital, hut died soon after. There lyere deep, cuts (u her arm and on her hand, whlch'sjic liad"Kaid she received ' In defending her ' husband. Another woman had been sent by the Govern ment this morning. . , She was literal ly. black and blue all over, and was the most sickening hlglit I saw all \- the-afteriioon.:'Slie said 'that, in order \- to bide, site bad climbed with her hus- . band Into a tree, but ,thdy;had been' \- discovered, and nearly stpned to death. !Her husband was killed, herself taken to prison, aud her child lost. From the prison she had been sent to the hospital.- Their horse was situated in a Moslem neighborhood. THE DEAD. Leaving the Hospital proper, I ac companied the doctors in their official examinations of thirty-four of the bo dies. So- awful is. the impression stamped on my memory that I fear a description In my own language of what I saw would ho too horrible to print, and I will translate the official descriptions of several bodies that were examined iu my presence by an Italia 11 physician: "13rd body, male, stature tall, ago 29 years; two stabs In the head, one deep cut disjointing the neck, two deep wounds on the right arm, three on the left arm, two on the left hand, contu sions on all the dorsal region and the shoulders, twenty-four wounds in the hack, one on ilie loft side, with fracture of rib. "44th body, male, stature medium, age G5 years; contusions on all parts of the cranium, five stabs in the back, cere bral hemorrhage. " 45tli body, male, stature medium, age 32 years; two deep wounds in the ernuimii. deep cut under the left max illary, multiple contusions on 1 lie head, eight wounds ot t he third degree in the right anil, three in the left arm, ten stabs in the breast, five in the hack, many bruises from a club on the left shoulder. "4Cth body, male, stature tall, age 22 years; multiple contusions on the head, four stubs in the hack, one very deep, cuts oil the back and logs. " 47l)i body, male, stature medium, ago 45 years ; innumerable wounds with an axe ou the head, complete crushing of the skull, one wound in the right forearm, two stabs in l lie right side, another on the shoulder, aud one in the lower hack. "IS ill body, male, stature medium, age 35 years; six stabs in the cranium, with complete fractnre, two very deep wotinds iu the hack, contusions all over the body. " 49th body, male, stalure medium, age 35 years; innumerable wounds all over the head, the right ear cut off, with fracture of the occipital bone, one bul let hole in the left shoulder, with frac ture of hone, two stabs on the right shoulder, one in the left arm, a cut in the left wrist, sixteen stalls in the hack, three in the left leg. " 00th body, male, stature medium, ago 32 years; fracture of cranium by stabs, contusions on the left arm. fif teen stabs in the hack, three bullet holes in the neck, multiple contusions over all the face, a cut on the nose aud one on the lips, ten stabs in the cliest. and two in the abdomen." And so the list goes through with 1he description of eighty bodies, li. is evident, of course, that this examina tion was not scientific or minute, hut was made only as an excuse to note and keep a record of the condition of the bodies. There were two Govern ment officials on hand who hampered examination and questioning. Most ot the stabs iu the head seemed to have been made with knives or swords after the body was down. I cannot imagine how such deep and true wounds could have been made while the person was alive and standing. I saw only four bodies which seemed to bare been struck with axes. Of these, one was cut iu the neck, another had his left side cut open, and the two others were hacked a countless number of times in the cranium. Most of the thrusts in the hack and chest, the examiners said, aud so it seemed to me, must have been made with bayonets, and after the body was down. .The few bullet holes that were pointed out were so -wen placed that they must have been fired point blauk. It was impossible to state to what class of society the dead belonged. All were males. Only where the clothes were very poor were the outer garments left on, and many bodies were only wrap ped in winding-sheets. Four or five I noticed wearing white shirts, and one cuff was found with a laundry-mark, 09; only two could be conclusively identified as hamals or porters. Tlie clothes were all very much soiled from blood and dirt. The age varied from 22 to 55, with the vast majority iu the thirties. 