BRIEF NOTES. No more cremation at Sandringham. Or. F. G. Wood the new Caulfield president. An interesting' visitto Cheeseman's nurseries reported elsewhere. The East Brighton. Athletic Club social next Wednesday evening. Ladies night. Cr. Burgess has been elected presi dent of Moorabbin. No allowance. The centre Dandenong-road tram pro posal is being kept alive by Mr. Atten borough. Cr. Griffin (Caulfield) says nightsoil is to be seen oozing out over the Malvern footpaths. The Brighton'Council has adjourned for a month- there is not enough busi ness for fortnightly meetings just now. There was not a bit of business of any real importance before the Brighton Council on Monday evening. Cr. Clements (Moorabbin), the new North riling member, took his seat for the first time on Monday. The Moorabbin Thespians took about L14 at their Beaumaris entertainment, and expcrt to clear Ll 2. The Attorney-General to be asked to create Or. Kuox, late president of the Malvern shire, a permanent J.P. The Malvern Council is making the applica tion. Ex-president Knox (Malvern) has distributed his presidential allowance of £75 among the charities, The eminent J. L. Purves, Q.C., has consented to pay the East Brighton Athletic Club a visit at a .early.da?te, l:ar.` -w:??;B-a (Ees Brighton) has 'issued a challenge to box any member of the ha.'al athletic club, any weight, best of six rounds, or swing clubs, for a trophy. Crs. Phillips and Long (Caulfield) allege that loads upon loads of nightsoil are continually being obtained by the market gardeners of Malvern, Moorab bin and Oakleigh. Only four members of the Brighton A.N.A. attended the meeting on Wed 'nesday. The Braille Writers' Associa tian left in disgust. Moule, M.L.A., gave the Caulfield Council to understand on Wednesday eveninig that he would not be dictated to. Mr. Butler, the new Moorabbin in spector of nuisances, is already on the warpath. Wandering cattle, nightsoil smugglers, and bicycliste, beware! MVhe Brighton A.N.A. social, to be held on Wednesday evenmg, 25th inst., in the Ceklconieu Hall, promises to be very successful. W. J. Capper (Caulfield) who opposed Lloyd for forth-west riding, says he was " sold like a bullock at Smithfield." Why didn't he follow our advice. Caulfield says a higher price to stone breakers than any other municipality around Melbourne. Cr. Clements (Moorabbin) thinks there should be only one rate-collector and has askcd for a comparative retuto of rates, etc., collected in 1885 and 1895, to be submitted to next meeting, preparatory to letting the guillotine descend on young Bill's napper. Moorabbin councillors reckon Inspec tor Butler is going to fill the pound with stray cattle. We hope Ewen will give us a show with the forthcoming sheaf of impounding advts. Or. Benjamin has worked real hard in arranging intricate details in connection with vesting a portion of the Mordialloc reserve in a committee of management, and is deserving of the hearty thanks of all concerned. I The Moorabbin Council intends ter minoting the! sienh h' Mi.- Roe in regard to iii nightedil depot atthe' eud of the year, and tenders are to be invited for another site. Mr. McSwain (Moorabbin) has been appointed pound-keeper at £35 per year and a cottage, but he has to pay for his assistance, and the sustenation fees from the pound go to the council. Cr. Wilson (Brighton) has re-opened the mayor's room. On Monday evening after the council meeting all the council lors and the press were invited to par take of refreshment. Oh, what a difference I and no "paltry L75" either. The Moorabbin Thespians don't be lieve in patronising local tradesmen. They take their little printing jobs to.a ready-while-you-wait shopin toe Easterzn Market, Melbourne, but always like to see the local newspapers give good re ports of their shows. Or. Abbott (Moorabbin) says the old order changeth and giveth place to the new, namely, old councillors will all be soon removed by new blood ; but the "old hands" give lip the municipal ghost contentedly and peacefully when they feel they have honorably and con scientiously discharged their civic duties. Or A. R. Stone (Brighton), we regret to say, is contined to his house through a rather severe attack of influenza. The Melbourne press unanimously compliment the Caulfield council on the result of the meat and mc:k supply conference convened by them. Or Burgess is the right man in the right piece as president of the Moorab bin shire. On the news of his election recmhing the Brighton and Caulfield councils at their meetings this week the verdict wenas unanimously-" The Beat Man has been Elected." One of those cases where the inno cent suffer for the guilty was before the Brighton court yesterday when Mr G. Herbert was fined 20s with 22a Od coats for selling spirits under the required strength. Mr Herbert bought from a loca. wine and spirit merchant, who purchased from a wholesale Melbourne house, where the liquor wc3 blended. The blender and not the vender is really I 'theguilty party. :But is there any:an i in selling weak. spirits7? It is surely better than "chain lightning." A small fire ocu.red at the Railway hotel, Bay street, Brithton, early on Tuesday morning, but it was discovered I in time and quickly suppressed' The e damage was only trifling. The Ma!vern and A.madale trades- ( men are adopting the ha'f holiday sys- . tem. A!. the grocery estab!iahment , have closed at one o'elock erevy Wed nesday for the last three weeks, and on and after Wednesday, 18th inst, the hay and wood uand coalmerchants will a'so close on the same eftei.oon. 