Blessedness-End of Life. (By Archdeacon Farrar, D.D.) 'What man is he that lusteth to live, and would fain see good days?" Psalm xxxiv, 12. Even a well-ordered life, my Mends, . may not produce what we call happi ness, but an ill-directed life can never result in anything but woeful disap pointment here, and in that terrible, ruin hereafter which only God's mercy can alleviate, and that only in ways we do not at present under stand. Now, one mark of such a life, one mark of an ill-directed life. "is the search for happiness in earthly pleasures. The subject seems to me one of such importance that we should often remind ourselves of it. If there be one path on earth that leads hea venward, if that path be narrow and ? steep, it lies only through the- things which are in their own nature . hea venly. It has been -said the road to heaven lies through heaven, and all ' THE WAY TO HEAVEN IS ' HEAVEN. . Then, surely, it can never be well if that path is not traversed. Shall we try to reflect on this truth? Shall we try to show that if indeed happiness be our being's end and aim, it cannot be fully realised here, and that, on the other hand, bles sedness, which is a thing loftier, moro spiritual, more sacred than happiness, is within the reach of all of us? It is in your reach, O old man, worn and weary; who has learnt that the path of life is strewn with thorns; "it is within youi\ reach, O busy toiler, who hast never sought for any treasures beyond those of life: it is in your . reach, O weary woman, who hast had in life so much to suffer and to en dure; it is in your reach, O youth, who art ever tempted to spend thine early years in such sins and such follies as will drown the years to come with wave on wave of intolerable sorrow. - "Do you see yonder shining light?" says Evangelist to Christian, in the "Pilgrim's Progress." "I think I do," is the humble answer, as ho strains : his looks forward in the, darkness.. Well, my friends, let us this evening try to turn our gaze to . - THE REAL AND ETERNAL LIGHT ; let us try to strain, our-eyes forwards into the darkness and see the light of blessedness more and more clearly. It is not like the meteor flashes of am bition, not like the corpse lights of ava rice, not like the gleam of pleasure flickering on the swamps of death; it is the light which Christ himself doth kindle, and which blazes as the beacon on the rock of ages. It shows far above the storms of the world's troubled sea. Often the rising mists dim its splendor, often it maybe it is half hidden by the dashing surf of the rising wave;'but whatever storms there be, the sailor has still the light house in view; he is not dependent upon the gleam of the starlight. What ever storms attack the sailor on life's troubled sea¿ he can never make utter shipwreckViC he be guided by that pure and steady gleam. Things are as they are, and will be as they will be, whatever course of life we may take. If our insight be clear, if our thought be wise, if we refuse to be deluded by the shadow for the, substance, or to . take the dream for the reality, we shall be sa ved from, a thousand mistakes in life,, and some of them fatal ones. . And if AAre read the Scripture or life aright : it is. well for us to think over these two axioms, one that ' PERFECT HAPPINESS IS N^T ATTAINABLE IN EARTHLY: THINGS, ? ' '.-3: > and the, ..other that the beatitudes which Chrisf||held forth to' us are at-, tamable By tis everyone. ' ; * * I take the first of these axioms. It is not cynical pessimism. It is, I believe, the" source of strength and ? clearness to us to know and to be con vinced that on earth we may not bo perfectly happy. . The nobler we are, the more unselfish we are, the more sympathetic. wo are, the less can we . be. con ten ted with the coarse pleasure , or the vulgar comfort. Surely we may, ' feel unalterably convinced of all these conclusions when we know that the voice of Scripture is,at one with tho voice of human' experience; surely we» may accept as indisputable the truths and warnings in which the Church is endorsed and repeated in all that shel teaches by the confession of the world! It is so in this matter. .. .y Has it eyer occurred to you that the word happiness which is so often on' hUjUian lips, is not; once found lu.. all . the. Scriptures,, from. Genesis to Revel a . fiori? . : The word blessedness. does ' in deed occur ; but even where the adj ec tive happy is found' it is nothing but " a synonym for blessed by God.. HapT piness . is, by derivation, that which" . does or may . happen, what occurs by hap,, that, is, by chance, that is, by fortune. Now Scripture does not recognise such things at all as . ; HAP, OR CHANCE, OR FORTUNE. There are two elements in life, tho one is in outward circumstance, the other is in inward life and character. Our conduct and our,character are, in our own power, but. our outward cir cumstances are, not. What the . Scrip ture sets before us as our aim is not success, not comfort,, not earthly sat isfaction, because our- possession of ' theso depends to a very great . extent ' on outward circumstance th at. is apart altogether from our lives. But it does set before us the aim and end of life, the duty of holiness, of love to Christ, because-these things depend on the grace, of God, which is always freely given to us all, and therefore are also in our own free; will. ' The world does not pretend to "set before us this high standard, but at its best and highest only that of honor . and integrity, of stoical self-denial!. But tho world, whether at its best or at its worst, knows0' as weir as tho church does, and the world's literature proclaims as unmistakably as '. Scrip ture does, that . ; V - . ; ; THAT HAPPINESS CANNOT BB FOUND ON EARTH. In Goethe's "Wilhelm Meister," which" certainly cannot be called a religious book, there is an imaginary associa tion described, composed of all sorts of persons of talent, to receive proposi tions, and to answer them. Applica tions, of -every kind for advice were daily made to this association, and dilly answered. But among them he describes ' that there were many in particular from people who -. .wrote for recipes to ask how; to bo happy. Now these . in quiries wore always simply laid on the shelf, and not answered at all. Theyp were treated as. so foolish that no ' notice could bo taken of .them. The great English moralist who trans lated the book from the German con fessed that at first he thought-thia was rather hard, but soon admitted that it was quite right. . . - It touches the ' point about whicli all the world aro in error. No man has a right to ask for a recipe fop happiness. There is something better than happiness. He can do;, without' it Alf the men who have done great things, priests, prophets, sages,. had had in them something higher, than, the love of happiness; they .have had spiritual clearness and perfection; ï thing far higher than, and far better than happiness. . LOVEr^I?!fHAp|lNESS- ' is, at the best, á "kind Of craving be cause we have not enough of sweet provision in the world. What right li ave wo to murmur? Sorrow is the common lot. The Persian king could' not find three happy men in the wide ' world to write the names of on his queen's tomb, or the philosopher would , have raised her from the dead. "I should like to !have something that would make me great and very, happy," says the boy in a famous, romaúcQ;li:"something that would riot's.;., hinder me from haying a good deal of pleasure." . Wo can only have the highest happiness, is the answer given, when,- it; is'> such as goes along .with being great and. having wide thoughts and sympathetic feelings for tho. rest of the world, and this sort of happi ness often brings so much pain, here; that ,we cannot tell it from pain ex cept by its being what we would choose before everything else, because our souls see that it is good. My, friends, I do think that the lives of all oO us would be stronger and more beautiful, and therefore in their mea sure even more happy. I think the young especially might be saved from many a foolish dream and from many, , à. cruel disappointment if we all of t at once thought not, happiness, bi righteousness, our being's end ar aim. Perhaps you would not care for THE TESTIMONY-rOF GREAT ... ?? LIVES; perhaps you especially dislike tho; great writers, such as Goethe and Ca lyle and George Eliot, whose tesl mony I have just quoted to you. Wei then, will you glance for a momei at a witness not from human test niony, but from human experience ' ¡You think, at any rate, all the wot*] acts as if it thought that things lil splendor and power and pleasur which everyone knows mah seems 1 care for most, can give us happines ¿Well, if they can, then those persor iwho had all these things must lia"v been tlie happiest men, and then ougl not kings and queens to have bee conspicuously happy in this world, se« lng that they enjoy all their lives lon .¡.things for the' millionth part of whic other men toil, for the most part i vain? And if kings or queens wh ihus possess what is richest; äfid greai ,5est were made happy* by these tlnngi then you will admit, I think, that th ?most happy of ali; should have bee ¡those of our free and kappyVland,. Ha . it been so? ? . '.' I will pass over altogether thoa Icings whom history has pi-onouncëd t ¡be unfortunate. I will say nothinj Of Edward II. and the shrieks of hi agonising death; nothing of Richar< ?H., with the tears of misery stream ing down his wasted cheeks; nothing of Richard III. on his conscience .haunted couch; I will not evoke th< pale ghosts of the murdered princes'ii the Tower; nor will i speak of Charles I., who died on the scaffold; or Georg« UL, bursting into bitter tears as h< recognised the fact of his own mad ness. No, I will only take ,THE MOST GLORIOUS OF THEM and those whom the world has callee ithe most fortunate, and look at these, ÍWhich of them all was happy? Was it Henry Beauclerc, tliat prince whose name went down to the western ¿waves as the prince of England's glo ries? Was it Henry II?-'I care no more for myself or this world ; sha me, shame on a coward king." These iwere the last words he uttered, for his soul passed suddenly away. Was it (Edward I., "Mighty victor, mighty lord; low on his funeral couch he lies,' no pitying hand, no eye to weep a ¡tear to grace his obsequies." Shall it bo Henry V?-"I, Henry, by the grace of God, King of England and .France,, and Lord of Ireland," so ran ¡the language of his will, "first I be queath to Almighty God my sinful :soul, which had never been worthy to toe made man at all but by his mercy and his grace, which life I .have niis spended. Wherefore .1 put me only at his grace'and his mercy with all my (heart." Shall it be tho great Tudor .lord, most absolute and despotic, th3 lord of the Reformation, Henry VIII? 'Wained of the moment of approach ing dissolution he craved a cup of iwhito wine, which was given him by one of his servants. "All is lost," he murmured; and these words were his last. . . . . ' .. ' ?»uí (To be concluded.) ' ; 