Among the Pastoralists and Producers. [By Hakoi,d M. Mackenzie.] THE A. A. CO.'S GLOUCESTER ESTATE — (Continued.) In my last article I gave but a mere super ficial account of this estate without alluding to the stock, which in itself is the most im portant item of any pastoral property. It has beon stated that the A. A. Co. used every means within their power to import nothing but pure-bred stock into the colony, since when they have maintained a reputation for good cattle and horses, which anyone can ascertain who interests himself in their history. The quality of beast is wholly and solely pure Durham or Shorthorn, bulls of this species being received from Britain as occa sion demanded. In the year 1893 two splendid sires were received at Gloucester to improve the stud, viz., Apollo and Spicey Captain, each being 18 months old at the time of landing, and, of course, too young previously to have competed in any of the principal English show rings. Apollo, though but ilirno more nl/1 Inftlre HUn ni« n./l n U.,11 nC splendid constitution, 'the result of hardy Scotch progenitors and careful handling when young. The most conspicuous features of Apollo are the width of brisket, magnificent depth, short legs, and well topped. This young Highlander was bred by 'the well known Scotch cattle breeder Davidson, and his sire, Hercules' succeeded in gaining first fcrize at the Rochester Show, 1890. Spicey Captain is another of the same character and i descended from a prize taker also. These bulls, coining from the ' land o' cakes,' are not by any means obliged to exist on 'hard ' tack ' at Gloucester, being provided with fine I comfortable houses, and as well looked aftet' and cared for as they ever were in Bonnie Scotland. The bulls are kept at Bowman, .several miles from Gloucester, as well as all the purebred stock, numbering about 2o0 : altogether, where the grazing country is far in advance of that surrounding the home station. Moreover, this locality is the one most suit able for cultivating cereals. I have many times drawn attention to the advantages of the Durham over tho Devon or Hereford when all are equally on good pas turage, it being a recognised fact that the former will put on more beef and please a ' butcher's eye sooner than the hardy Devon. 'Given ' short commons,' however, the aristo cratic Durham will be nowhere in the field with either of his rivals, and for this reason, he is not such a general favourite among cattle breeders. The Durhams, however, do very well on this station, as may be gathered from the fact that drafts of from 300 to 400 bulls are annually disposed of in the metro politan saleyards. The Gloucester country is not by any means 'what one 'would class as being extra ordinarily good for fattening stock, in view of which the steers are sent away to Warrah in tho Tamworth distwefc.to be topped up. Thesei wcaners are driven overland, all work of this sort being done by contract, and, all all things being equal, the losses incurred- are not greater than is usually the case ' on the road.' The A. A. Co. have obtained a good name for their cattle in the Homebush yards, where large drafts regularly find their way, eventually being dispatched to Queensland or other parts of Australia. The Company is most fortunate in having a place like Warrah under the management of Mr. Geo. IPairbairn to relieve the Gloucester.paddocks, besides which it is second to none as a finish ing place. It is a remarkable thing that the actual necessaries of life in Gloucester township ^should be so difficult to obtain, nearly every thing in the shape of flour, potatoes, etc., liaving-to be carried from Raymond Terrace at a cost of £5 per ton, a price that rather frightens the inhabitants and makes them pause before ordering tilings rashly. In fact, in January last there was almost a famine in the vegetable line, which, of course, resulted from the Barrington farmers being left with out a surplus through the floods ; and as for the poor despised Chinaman — the -natural gardeners of the world — there is not one in the neighbourhood. The consequence is that anything in the shape of vegetables has to be paid for through the nose, and beyond the abundant pumpkin — a vegetable odious since the, flood on account of its smell — all such luxuries if wanted in January, even potatoes, had to be carried from Maitland, or, as the Gloucester folk say,' from ' down country.' In compliance with the new Slaughtering Act, Mr. Ethercdge has recently erected most complete yards in connection with the busi ness, where all meat required for the town and district is killed and disposed of. It may not be amiss to give briefly a description of the building, which is composed of post and rail walls, roofed with bark, and fine cemented floor bricked underneath, with yard attached and race leading into it. ? A very excellent feature for the removal of blood and other animal matter is a little receiving tank and vessel for catching the refuse, whence every thing is at once removed and all unpleasant effluvia dispersed instantly. Special pains are- taken that wnenever killing is done the place shall be washed down thoroughly, and ?as this is performed twice a week the slaughter house is no more unpleasant to enter than any other building. The killing is done by means of a gallows roller with double arms, and is very simply worked. Nothing in the shapo of a pastoralist's business becomes more horribly offensive than the vicinity of a gallows if animal refuse is allowed to accumulate, and this, I am sorry to say, is, during my two years' experience in [Riverina, the rule, not tho exception. The slaughteryard is a placo to be studiously avoided, and were it not for those gorman dising crows everlastingly wheeling overhead, it is hard to say what such corruption might not produce. . Tho present Act, however, will . no doubt be the means of making those who wish to continue slaughtering look more care fully after their premises, not alone for their own sakes, but for those also wlioni ^ they supply. The cement floor is an almost indis pensable adjunct to any piggery or slaughter house, as all refuse can bo immediately washed away without difficulty. Another sine qua von to healthy abattoirs is the free circulation of air throughout tho place, which lias been one of Mr. Ethercdge's first considerations, and fortliis reason lie has not, ns most do, lined the walls with corrugated iron, tnereoy impeding the current of fiiv and making the place unwholesome and offensive. ... Considering tho amount of slaughtering \ that goes on everywhere in this country, and ! \ the . tremendous consumption of meat per \head, liow very rarely it is that ono tastes a X-ely flavoured picco of beef, the fault in cases out of ten arising, no doubt;, worn the necessity of having to sell it within a very short time after killing— a most unpleasant thing, both as regards flavour and the neces sity of having ts worry through it. Com paring the quality of beef grown in the Gregory district (Q.),with that of this colony, it is noticeable how streaky and marble-like in character it is, beside the lean and fat, dis tinctly separate, which we are accustomed to see further south. The flavour, moreover, of Gregory grown beef is more pleasant than any to be found in New South 'Wales. Having such a wide scope of country to roam over, and being unfenced in parts, it is not surprising to hear that from 70 to 80 ' brumbies' are running wild on the Gloucester estate, and that great trouble is occasioned when they wish to muster them. These ponies arc true descendants from the A. A. Co.'s imported stock, and make admirable buggy horses in every respect. \- Amongst the pests which seem natural to all districts in Australia may be mentioned ticks and dingoes, the former being especially numerous and destructive to calves in the Spring, whilst the more easily dealt with dingo is kept down by wholesale poisoning, an incentive to do which is occasioned by the Pastures Stock Board (Port Stephens) offer ing 7s 6d per scalp for wild dogs and ld for paddymelons. Where paddocks are small all such plagues as the dingo and rabbit — luckily this is not one of our plagues here — can be more easily dealt with, but when we come to areas such as this station boasts, viz., paddocks of from 1000 to 3000 acres, the task becomes no easy one, and hares, paddy melons, and the like would .very soon make head-way on the place. The beneficial effects of ' ringing ' on a large scale are at once evident on this estate, where gullies that never knew what it was to have water in them, are now almost boggey in places. I am informed that Gloucester and neigh bourhood affords almost eVery kind of sport in the shape of hunting and shooting — and of fishing I can testify, as the perch eaten at breakfast were delicate and of most delicious flavour. The lagoons are also teeming with fish of many kinds, as well as the river itself. As regards shooting, an infinite variety of bird life is afforded in the shape of quail (in seasori), brush turkey, wood and black duck, four different kinds of pigeon, including the Wonga, bally, flock, and a peculiar one named ' Babblem Mary,' so willed from the sound produced. This bird, besides having a lovely plumage — chocolate, yellow, and green being the tints — is also as dainty a morceau as any gourmet can desire. Gloucester folk, at the present time*, are much exercisedin mind — a difficulty that wemay hope has been overcome — in regard to the education of its children. The system, in vogue, is what is known as the half-time school, 'i.e., the schoolmaster visits Gloucester three days a week and two another, Berinp-ton the same-. The trouble, however, is that the Minister of Education has written to say that the number of children not being sufficient to wan-ant Government paying an annual rent of £13 per annum, it must be closed forthwith. This seems peremptory enough in view of the fact that the number of children is within two or three of the required nuanber. In the meantime the residents have render- | taken to pay the rent themselves, which is paid to a local German of advanced years, pending further instructions from the Minister of Education. Gloucester parents no doubt feel this to be an injustice, and viewing- the matter as it stands, it will be a serious thing if the school has to be closed. The general factotum of this quiet retreat is, without doubt, Mr. Reichert, who keeps tho Commercial Hotel, is contractor for the Copeland mail, has a boiling-down estab- lishment, a general store, a butcher's shop, does carrying, bakes, and runs a livery stable. It almost takes one's breath away ! Amongst other things Gloucester is haunted, as anyone may discover for himself who has ? the nerve to walk along the road towards the station. A drear and melancholy looking liut, said to have been the scene of a gruesome tragedy, stands all alone to the right, from which steals forth nightly a blood-stained sheeted ghost enveloped in a sickly blue flame. The apparition stalks just ahead of one, .and when you muster .up courage to make a grab out goes the light, and ! ! ! (To be contiuued in our next.) 