Anglican Convention. The Sydney Anglican Convention, foi the deepening of the spiritual life, wat commenced in St. Matthias's school hall Paddington, on October 15, and contin ued the two following days, under the presidency of Mr. E., P. Field. The Con vention sermon was preached the previous Sunday evening in St. Matthias's Church bj the Ven. Archdeacon Henry Langley, ol Melbourne, before a large congregation, Three sessions were held each day of thc Convention, the attendance being good throughout, those in the evening filling the large hall. The general subject foi consideration was "Life in the Power ol the Holy Spirit," and on the first day Archdeacon Henry Langley delivered the opening address, in which he urged that the great want of the churches is that ol the Holy Spirit. The ideal Christian is a man of love, a man of absolute truth, a just man, and. a pure man. The germ j of all the graces is found in him, but only as he is the subject of the Holy Spirit's indwelling. The Rev. W. Hough, of Randwick, and the Rev. H. Martin, of Waterloo, followed with addresses on "The Church's Need of the Holy Spirit." After tea an interval meeting was held on the subject of foreign missions, the Rev. M. Archdall speaking on missions to the : Jews. The Revs. E. Clayton (Burwood) . and Henry Martin strongly urged the cause of missions to the heathens, and Miss JOX ley, . one of the candidates in training at the Church Missionary Society's Home, pleaded for personal service in. the mission field. At the evening session "The World's Need of the Holy Spirit" was specially dealt with by the Rev. Joseph Best and Mr. Henry Varley. Both addresses were pointed, powerful, and pungent. At the afternoon sessioni of the second day Arch deacon H. Langley again delivered the first address, the absolute necessity of the Holy Spirit for effective service being clearly pointed out, and that love as the fruit of the spirit is the test of Christian char acter. The Archdeacon said that a great deal of their work had been just all noise, and nothing more. Acts done, as many ácts were^ for self, were nothing;,and that was just what there was so much of in their own day and in their own church. Some people spoke of getting into a con dition of power. There was no such thing as a conditon of power ; but there was a person, the Lord himself; all power was given unto him, and if they were in abiding union with him he would use them. Every true believer was indwelt by the Holy Ghost, and there was no work that could not be carried^out, and no sin that could not be overcome, by this in dwelling spirit. The " Rev: H. Dibley, of the Ultimo parish, followed with an ad dress on "The Power of the Holy Spirit in the Church," and the Rev. H. M. Trickett spoke on the same subjects After tea ano ther interval meeting was conducted, ad dresses being delivered on the question of "How to Deal with the. Spiritual In difference of the Day." The general sub ject was continued at the evening session, the special speakers being the Revs. A. KU worth and G. D'Arcy Irvine. On the concluding day, at the opening; session, Archdeacon Langley spoke on "Humanity as a Fruit of the Spirit." He said that a conference such as they. were holding could not produce its best results if that subject was not brought forward in a prominent place. His advice was to lie low-very low. They should get so low before the Lord that there would be no room for self. If that were only the case with them, then the Lord would work in and through them. That was the way to be filled with the-Holy Ghost, and that the only way. Dr. Manning and Dr. Rutledge followed, speaking on "Grieving the Holy Spirit." After tea an interval meeting was held, which was addressed by Mr. E. P. Field. The subject for consideration at the evening service was "Receiving the Holy Spirit," and the speakers were the Revs. Archdeacon' J. D. Langley and J. Vaughan; 