SbECIR IC SPARKS. [Correspondence intended fur insertion in this column must have name and address of writer attached, but not for publication.] Elections. Not a walk-over after all. Election day — Thursday next. i Ex- Councillor Bartlett in the field. Somo interest, being taken in the elections. Support of Liberal and Labour Tarty to be given to Mr. Bartlett. The ghost will be captured at the Town Hall on Friday evening next. Wright thinks that Freetraders and Protectionists are both thieves. Cooke the Barber going for Parliament or the Harbour Trust. Which ? Go and hear Aunt Sarah on matrimony, at Bro. Smith's concert. Friday. Tublic meeting Wednesday evening to hoar the Candidates, Boll up electors. The latest definition for a bald head — He runs his head too far through his hair Why is the only Wright known as the doctor ? Who supplied the appellation ? Wrinkles. — Just keep smiling. Wrinkles are never noticed on a smiling faoe. _ Be snre and see the grand reception ? room at Windsor Castle in Beautiful Britain. Mad as a hatter should apply very ap propriately to a certain large imp in a Smith's shop. Cr. J. F: Malcolmson is the Returning Officer for the forthcoming elections on Thursday next. The adjourned meeting of the School Board of Advice will be held on Monday afternoon, at 4 sharp. What's the difference between east and west ? Ask Mr. C. M. Morgan at the concert on Friday evening. A barrister at the local Court on Thurs day said if the justices would only adjourn his case it would not be for long. Grand United Order of Free Gardeners have a concert and ball on next ^Friday evening, for a distressed brother. ' A monopoly is a good deal like a baby. A man is opposed to it on general principles until he has one of his own. Everyone lias an opportunity of in specting the blue drawingroom at Buck ingham Palace. See Beautiful Britain. Geo. Webster, new Secretary of the United Labor and Liberal Party. The only Doctor Wright President, Why did G.S.W. resign ? Further order from Mr. W. Cross, news agent — ' Please put on another dozen Standards each week. All sold out on Saturday night.' Senior-Constable Nugent was warmly commended by Sergeant - Detective Saiusbury for so quickly having the murdered child identified. It is rumonred that another wedding is to take place shortly, the happy man being a Carter (not G. D.). Is that why he left the Debating Society ? Who stole Max Hirscb's at hat the Debating Society. Someone said it was an imported one, so they left him a Colonial one, which was better. Mr. Hudson lectures at the next rneet ing of the Debating Society on ' Reminis cences of the Gold Diggings of Victoria in the earlv 50'b.' Shonlfl bp tntpi-pctiniT Senior-Constables Nugent and Caulfieid and Constables Honrigan, Brown, Bow . bottom .and Donovan proved themselves to be -capable and painstaking officers over the murder case. Where was the Hunt Club last Sunday morning '? Is it true that the Carter was frightened and that G.S.W- stayed in bed and was deaf to all entreaties to come out, or was he sore from last time ? The other morning an inebriate mutter something to their worships, when one of them exclaimed: — 'What's that, yon were working on the pier ? ' ' No, Sir,' was the reply, ' I was only on the beer.' A defendant was before the Conrt on Thursday morning charged with not having his name painted legibly, in letters at least an inch in size, on his vehicle. He was evidently not a candidate for Muni cipal or Parliamentary honors. Horticultural ist. — Ton should not make such flippant remarks. They are not two ornamental columns on the road in front of Dr. Cuscaden's. Perhaps some day you may be glad ±e 6eek shelter under the spreading branches of the trees grow tug therein. Woodman spare that tree A correspondent sends the following tips for the Town Cup : — Jay Jay ? 1 Salesman ... ? 2 Agent ? 3 