xaey wem inrougu wit : their programme. • Then Moslem fain ticism, armed and in authority, wa let loose, and every Armenian who wa armed became a victim, together wit hundreds who were unarmed. • There had been no rising, no insui rection, or rebeilioti; but opportunit lias been taken of the employment o \- violence at the presentation of a man festo by persons Jn despair to let loos 11 Pon these poor wretches tlie violenc \- of the Mohammedan portion of the!con munity, and tlie revenge taken ha been cruel and brutal. Many of tli \- iHcn who have been killed are men wh were simply frantic from the losse -finey orvtheir relations have incurred and who were reckless of consequence I venly believe that there are doen of men who have gone about the bus] ness in sheer desperation, absolute! careless whether they would be killed or not. One such- man was in the em ploy of an English merchant: He. toe was remonstrated with, and orderei not to go on penalty of being dismiss ed. He went, and after three days prison, in which he states that he wa, beaten and tortured, came out lookiuj like the ghost of his former self, am one mass of bruises. A PRISONER’S HORRIBLE TALE The following experience relates t a person well known and respected b; many American missionaries in tli capital, and is related to me by tlia person himself. An office-bearer ii . .an Armenian Protestant Church a Gluedik Pacha in Stamboul, where on of the most serious attacks was made wajs engaged in superintending tin building of a church at Guedik Pach: on that day. About 10.30 in the morn mg, seeing many Moslems about, am believing that bis life was in danger he went to the chief police prison ii •stamboul to ask for protection. IL was arrested, hut a Moslem who kuev • him vouched for his character, and hi was released, and obtained some po \- lice to accompany him. The police however, did nothing. The mob o SQftas, gypsies, and others jhad in creased, • and lie therefore returned ti .the police prison again. There he wa; "whnof+i6*1 detained m prison While there/fie witnessed- the afriva pan prisoners, who wen iten a ad prodded . wit * floor freing covered wit of the Anne furiously 1-4 bayonets, « ... .... J warder Jtin ' thf ,3, __ ipra .'be was known, protected hin from being beaten. He declares tha he arid other's saw four soldiers bea an Armenian porter to death, anc aftejrwards three other persons. As the prisonerswere brought in they wer( sent into an inner court, brutalh beaten, and kicked down a flight ol steps into a dark cellar.- He himseb was sent into this , cellar, and founc there a man with his anus, and legs broken. Altogether there were a bun . dred prisoners there. During tw< hours the outlet was closed, and wliih those, within feared death from suffo cation, they heard the awful cries from above of men being beaten. Mj informant was released from the cel lar after sunset on Monday. Eighty eight persons spent the night in a room about, fifteen feet square. Foui others of the congregation of the same Protestant Church were similarly ar rested, but on Wednesday mornins they and a great number of other pit soners were allowed to go free. KILLED LIKE A DOG. Incidents like the following could be given to a sickening extent, but this one must serve as a sample: — Or Tuesday tbe police had arrested ir Ghedik Pacha, Stamboul, au Anne nian from the provinces, a strong powerful man. Tbe prisoner was es eorted by two policemen and two sol diers of tbe regular army. Two Softas followed the escort. When thej reached an isolated place in the quar ter, one of the two Sottas who were following the prisoner suddenly struct a . heavy blow on tbe head of the pool •Armenian, who, after staggering foi a moment, fell covered with blood. Th< policemen and the soldiers began t< kick him in order to make him get up When the man got up he struck ir wild desperation with his fist at oho of the soldiers, who fell, and he also kicked the other. He was at onco overwhelmed by the number of his as sailants, and killed on the spot like £ dog. , . AT . THE HOSPITAL. Not far from the hospital we passed two‘closed waggons with bodies, and at tbe door we met one just emptied coming away, inside, near tbe chapel, were eight mutilated bodies that had just come. I was disguised, to avoid j wfS^suspIcionts uf tiie uoYcrnmenr 91 ficials/ and first visited the hospital proper. In one of: the beds was a woman who, had been stabbed in the left lung. She also, had a cut under the knee, and another ugly cut in the wrist showed she had tried to defend herself. Her wound the breast is mortal. .She said that about midnight , of 1st October tbey :had heard the mob coming outside. She, her husband, and ' father,'together with a. family of'bo tenants consisting^of a man, his wife, son,, and daughter,-had tried-to hide themselves with some bales of cotton. . The Turks came upstairs with torches, crying “Are there any men here?’’ When they discovered the, women screening the men, they dragged them all out. She and the other woman were .wounded. The men were killed, but the. girl escaped. Towards morning they were sent by tbe police to tbe hospital. Tbe story of tbe other woman is so horrible that I can give only tbe out * lines. She was with child at the time, and after a severe blow on tbe head, ' she received a large cut in the abdo ■ men, resulting in premature birth. She was still alive when she reached the hospital, but died soon after. There were deep cuts in her arm and on her hand, which she had said she received . in defending her husband. Another woman had' been sent by the Govern ; . ment this morning. - She was literal ly black and- blue all over, and was the -most sickening sight I saw all ■ the .afternoon. She said that, in . order •. to-hide, , she had climbed with her hus band into a tree, but they had been discovered, and nearly stoned to death. Her husband was killed, herself taken illary,, multiple eontiisionh on the head, s eight: Wounds of the third decree in s the Tight'arm. three in the left arm, j ten stabs in the breast, live in the back, many bruises from a club on the left' shoulder. r “46th body, male, stature tall, age 22 £ 'years;.multiple contusions bn the head, . four stubs in'the bade, one'very deep, r, opts on the back aud legs, j-. , . “ 47th bfldy. male, stature medium, age'45 years’: innumerable wounds with . tfn axe on the head, complete crushing . 'of the skull, one wound in the right. ^ forearm, two stabs in the- right side, . another on the shoulder, and one in , the lower back. g “4Sth body, male, stature medium, s age 35 years; six stabs in the cranium, 1 with complete fracture, two very deep . wounds in the back, contusions.all over j the body. _ “ 4f)th body, male, stature medium. age 35 years; innumerable wounds all j over the head, the right ear cut off,with ■fracture of the occipital bone, one bul • let hole in the left shoulder, with frac . ture of bone, two stabs on the right ’ shoulder, one in the left arm, a cut j in the left wrist, sixteen stabs in the back, three in the left leg. “ 30th body, male, stature medium, ; age 32 years; fracture of cranium by ' stabs, contusions on the left arm, fif teen stabs in the back, three bullet \- holes in the neck, multiple contusions ■ over all the face, a cut on the nose and J one on the lips, ten stabs in the chest, : and two in the abdomen.” ; And so the list goes through with > the description of eighty bodies. It is ! evident, of course, that this examina 1 tion was not scientific or minute, but ' was made only as an excuse to note. 1 and keep a record of the condition of • the bodies. There were two Govern 1 ment officials on hand who hampered ; examination and questioning. ’ Most of the stabs in the head seemed ! to have been made with knives or swords after the body was down. I : cannot imagine how such deep and tme ’ wounds could have been made while the person was alive and standing. | X saw only four bodies which seemed 1 tq: have been struck with axes. Of these, one was cut in the neck, another ; had his left side cut open, and the 1 two other's were hacked a countless L -number of times in the cranium. ;Most to me, must have been made with bayonets, and after the body was down., i The few bullet holes that were pointed I out were so well placed that they must ; have .been fired point blank. It was ! impossible to state to what class of society the dead belonged. All were males.- Only where the clothes w’ere I vei7 pour were the outer garments left j on, and many bodies were only wrap •ped in, .winding-sheets. Four or five I [ noticed wearing white shirts, and one ■ cuff was found with a laundry-mark, j 69; o|nly two !could be conclusively identified as hamals or porters. The clothes were all very much soiled from blood and dirt. The age varied from 22 to 5o, with the vast majority in the thirties. 