?CESlNGING HOUSES. If three removes are as bad as a fire— ?and proverbs, we know, always speak the truth— the wan who frequently changes his residence must be con -,;,w,.Mv nut of Docket. And he inust be -a man of admirable disposi tion if the irritations a change of house iuvolves do not put him out of temper. For days, and often for weeks together, ?everything lie most wants is sure to be .missing, a«d lie lives in perpetual dis ?orcler anil discomfort His ' women iiiiid'' 'probably onj«»y the excitement Withe npvel kind of housework. Theyhave much to do, and like doing at ; he has much to endure, and has mot even a den into which he can ?escape from the distraction. For the .BOK»lled' 'study' is sure to be the room into which all superfluous boxes, ?litter, Jmd furniture are placed, iu. ?order, as- the servants declare, to be oift'W the way. Uow ardently. the raksfer of the house wish.* that lie «onld lie'out of the way also ! ?Itt&es; a- long time to make a house a £eW The rooms in which we have 4ived and loved and suffered are not, without their memories'; they become * part of our life, «nd in a new abode there is that sense of strangeness, at tidies' almost of dosolateness,which the traveller, feels on the first night of Ins »rrivaU»»fc- reiga ««*? He scarcely Xfs bow to describe his feelings, but isUsonsdiousof a restlessness like that ?of. the flog which turns round and ?wftfcd «p-mJ the hearthrug before a-ave^iiJa home fp- a.-new one with ottVfceliMgtlM* tt^wntowty «*» has been liroken. Another leaf is, turned- «vcr, and by diw change we seem to b« nearer the end of the book and' the 'finis*' written on the last -i^; Arid if, as may ^ppers we are Wholly *rca fronl sent'11'''11 of Um fcinfl, dun is *-ways riie '''P1010'' -especially i» what is perUnently styled _ 'Tu-iUw's house.' that something ^rodff will be discovered. Even sur veyors are known to haw been bribed ; W one has heanl before now of » plumber without conscience. We know tl* fault* of itn old residence by heart/and bj degrees grow fairly LcoricUed to them; they are like 32** ia U« face of a friend ^fc^ ^ change house* however, it is with a view to some disadvantage ; \a the fear lest we may lose more 3taL we gtlnis one of the fretting «&mfft;«iUiar to new tenants. We make life more difficult \\-y imajrinwy wants. ana uuroeu wur touTwfth useless lu.uber. E^r .», r«J service or pl^^re «t affords «, maBy* carefu'ly-packea orna»«,t or rm^» of furniture might as well be , KwTJay. Andrtiefollyofaccumu b ffinls never «. Wd«t as when we Stoupt to readjust our bagjage in foew^idencc. There are folk who treat old furniture with the con ^Tcy due to old nends. No Si how ugly or ?n«»r»^t cherish a curabersome wardrobe or i table with the reverence felt by a bibliooianiac for the first folio of Shaks speare. There is something, perhaps, respectable in this regard for the chairs and sofas upon which we have eat in bygone . years ; but , it may be carried, to a ridiculous extent. If our grand father left behind him a bedstead as large as the Great Bed of Ware, that is scarcely a reason why we should burden our house with such an en cumbrance.. Yet we know one kviy so warmly attached to family furni ture as to take a much larger house than she needed in order to make room for it ; and another so devoted to the memory of a long 'deceased relation as to allow the house in which he had lived to fail into- decay. Dust, cob webs, and rats occupy the rooms which the impious hand of man must not touch, and the ghost of his revered relative would not recognise the home which is kept sacred to his iieoiory. _ i It is well for us, perhaps, in taking wssession of a house tearing on it the ?tamp of years, that we are ignorant if its past history. Many a sad tragedy is enacted of which the world knows nothing ; many a tale of defeated hopes might be listened to if there were bongues in walls. For the most part, unong ordinary people, life goes on, to ill outward appearance, with ruonoton 9us regularity; but could w* see beneath tlic surface, we should find lliat few families escape altogether From calamities which mark as with a red cross the doors of the houses in which they were suffered. Happily, it is enough for us to know the present condition of a house ; we have neither the wish nor the power to read its past history. If there was once a sk«let»» i* thu closet it may be hoped it was carried away by the last inmates with the rest of the furniture. What we have to do on taking posses sion is to resolve, as far as lies in our. powei, to convert the house into a home, hnd to (i.l it with fragrant, memories. And to do that depends upon character far more thar. upon surroundings. One bright happy face, one unselfish nature, will fill a house, we know not how, with sweetness and light ; and in every room a shadow will be cast when there is a want of sympathy and affection in the family circle. A noble-hearted woman said thnt in living to serve others she had .a home within ; and doubtless such ser vice, done lovingly, as in the 5re.1t Taskmaster's eyo,..wi)l make a .home of any house, no matter how nieira and ugly may be- ite outward appear ance. '. . ' ' 