It was a most blossomfnl Easter morning in the old Alabama town. Daffodils fair as thoao that lured Persephone to the under world shook their tiny golden sobleto in the sunshine. Chinose magnolias, with their smooth, lavender-colored tides, held draughts off sweetness for tho breezes to sip. Yellow jessamine dangled n thousand golden bells from pillar or tall cedar. Cecil Leo Vert folt a delicious thrill oE joy at tho fullness of spring and sunshine. Ho had fauted strenuously all Lent, but all the austerities practised by the young* rector of St. Lazarus could not keep down tho buoyant physical strencthof him. But his asceticism helped to build upon him a toul of such power that it seemed to one and another of his congregation that lio but thokght of a needed reform in his world, and, lo, it was accomplished. On all the electric currents of spiritual force he seemed able to lay hand for good. But there was one thing ho had thought over a great doal of late without bringing his hopes auyvvhero near an accomplishment; the Gains household could not be interested in Church work. They paid fairly, promptly their pew rent, and lent their calla lilies when asked for decoration, but they were otherwise wholly careless. They were new to tho town, having come to live in an immensely old house, as Alabama houses go, come to them lately by inheritance. They were charming people: Maobelle Gains was wholly so. She was to be married soon. Ceoil had mot her and her betrothed ( walking toward tier home in tho twilight last evening. Maehollo hold a handtul & whito camellias, anti Cecil had thought fih«Alookcd the strength of a fast breaking in him he Je termined to mako ono more effort to interest these two in those matters that were more than breath of life to him. With this in view ho walked up the long avonuo of Magnolia-hall grounds before early services. Under a gold-powdered cedar, rich with its lustre of infinitesimal iiuo bloom, lie saw the lovers seated. He saw that thoy were in animated conversation, and the words that he could but half hoar wero these : “Don’t yon think, Maebelle, thnt_wc might have that nico young follow, Leo Vert, to marry us instead of that superannuated fossil, Dr ——” “ And why, pray r” interrupted Itlaebelie’s full, sweet tones, “why are wo to hnvo any minister?” “ Whv, Macbelle, did you over see a wadding without a minister “ I have read of being married by a pro bate judge, or something like that.” “ But people in onr position ! Tho news mongers, in print and out, wouldn’t want a better morsel !” “ You have taught mo all this,” declared Maobelle ; 11 and you wish me now, beoause custom, fashion wills it, to tako a bit of eolat from a thing I cannot honor.” “ You go too far,” urged Tom. Tom was only ouough of an agnostic to ho comform able to his clique; it had nover occurred to him to out short his pew rent or refuse au invitation to dine with a bishop. His love for Macbelle was so deep and sincere that he was careful, until his engagement was a sure thing, not to utter to liia beloved any of those airy, poison-tipped bou-mots and eauvo little sneorings that made up pretty much of his Stock-in-trade of fashionable agnosticism. _ Maebcllo hnd proved too apt a pupil. “ But here is L06 Vert!” exclaimed Jiskew. “ I’ll ask him if I am not right." “ Miss Maebelle is right,” declared Lee Vert. “I partly guess, I partly hoard, the matter of discussion. Ono ought never to shelter under a banner one cannot love and defend.” Tom Eskew looked frowningly out over the lake with its glistening ripple and its islands of lilv-uads. “ Why can" you not enlist with ns r ' asked Lee Vert; all this coldness in the midst of generous warmth and beauty^ of nature, all this flippancy of doubt against his warm zeal, was well-nigh insupportable to him. ‘11 cannot believe so forcibly as one must to bn win. vm, in tho elements of tho un Tom wu3 moreanaoyo.i thnu n» ...v.ivi believed possiblo ; he stooped aud plucked ono of the white hyacinths that Btretehod in a wide border before them like nn opened scroll with its woeful ai! ai ! written on the blitho spring-tide. “I find it hard to believe," said Leo Vert after a pause, appropos of nothing, as ho reached for a spray of Jessamino. “ that, these beautiful and fragrant blossoms hold a deadly poison within.” “ Unseen but potent,” murmured Tom. “Ah, I see where you are now, Mr Leo Vert,” laughed Maobelle : and as to you, Tern, you will soon be ready to believo in our ghost ?” “ Yes,”continued Maebelle, lightly, “since we have moved to this house overy member of the family, myself excepted, have either aeon a sight or felt—a—something—which wae worse.” “What have they seen?” asked Tom eagerly. “ Oh, the usual thing,” laughed Maebelle; “ all white, quite comme il fait.” “ Who saw it ?” Tom bent towards her in his eagerness. “Dignify our ghost with a personal pro noun, if you please 1” “ Who saw her?” "Ah, you think her at once a woman. You are right. But I will begin the story at tho beginning,” suggested Maebelle, her bright, pleasant face unlike enough a weird story. “ It was this way : my brother, who had not a grain of superstition nor any sort of cowardioe, came home lato from a Univer sity class supper a few weeks after our arrival; it was about this time of tho year. The house was all in darkness. He stepped into the library to get s package of cigarettes he had left on the mantel. No sooner had he gotten midway into the room beforo a great fear overcame him. In the first surge of fright he braced himself for the defensive, but in an instant he felt ashamed of his sonso muscles—yet a greater terror swept over him. Every separate hair stood on his head. Ho felt some porvading presence in the room. Ho heard tho softest, the swiftest footfall here, there, everywhere. Even in his fright he managed to strike a match. No one was to ha seen.” “ Did he see nothing f” Tom’s eyes were very eager. ‘ ‘ Nothing,” smiled Maebelle ; “ but if you still wish your soul harrowed up I can tell you cousin Margaret’s story. Hour nights ago baby Garland was in such a tantrum as tho sweetest babies will be sometimes. Mother and myself were trying in vain to quiet him, and oousin Margaret, hearing his crying and having a marvellous power with babies, started down tho stairs to come to him. “ Half-way down stairs I heard her call very excitedly to me, 1 Maebelle! Maebelle ! How could yOH frighten me so !’ I heard her say. And as pale as one of these hyacinths she rushed into mother’s room. ‘ Why, Maobelle! you in here !’ she exclaimed. Of course I am,’ I said; ‘1 have been in hero worrying with baby this hour and “ 11 saw yon,’ she declared, ‘ bb distinctly as I Bee you now. Not your faoo ; that was hidden. But your figure, your owu attitude, your white dross. You stood between the portieres of the music-room door, as if you were just about to step into the hall.’ “You beckoned to me so anxiously, so strangely-’ “ Little Archie, who has never known a touch of fear, ran out immediately and looked everywhere in the drawing-room and hall; No one was to be seen. “ Mother looked startled at the story, just as Tom docs now,” laughed the fair narrator ; “ and she told us that two nights before that she had seen a white hand reaching from be hind that very portiere and beckoning to her. ; Thinking it me, for it seemed to bo the hand ' and arm of a tall person, she hurried into tho drawing-room, and, though in the twilight she could see every object in the room dis tinctly, she could discover no one. " Aunt Lootie threw up her black hands ' and lamented aloud, ‘ Our ghost would 3 1 never leave tbi3 house !' she oried. 1 “ Now,” it is truth,” continued this unbe lieving teller of ghost tides, •‘thus wo could ' not set servants to stay with us when wo came here, only old iiootio and Hash, who would leave us for nothing. They said they heard strange noises even in broad daylight, end saw strange figures even at noon. A strango sunshine ghost ours is, Tom,” she said, lauirhing at his eager face; ‘‘it will appear either night or day as it chooses. We had a small addition made to the old house, and then the servants were ready onouah to hire to us; they said new plants would drive off tbo spirits. But even new plank has failed to rid us of our haunting woman with tho beckoning hand.” “ Now I shall tell what I myself saw,” de clared Tom, “ tho second timo I came here to visit this house. It was 2 o’clock at morn ng, you remember, when my train brought me here from Chattanooga. I expected.ouly Joe to he up to receive me, of course, tho hour being so unearthly. What was my umazement as wo drove up the avenue of magnolias, to see a tall young woman in | white standingalono at the front door. There was no light in all tho house. I wondered you should ho up and alone at such an hour. I had the haekman stop and put me out half way up the avenuo. This he was glad to do, for his horses were lifting their heads and snortiug with suppressed excitement. His own eyes were big as saucers. Thinking the figure to be you, I said no word of it to him, of course. I walked up the avenue siowly, so oppressed was I with a sense or deep sorrow mere than fear. Tho figure was so wind-blown, no full of indescribable grief lUrickeu expression, that it seemed almost a sacrilege to approach it. I “ Hut as I caino nearer, the figure floated, , with all its draperies astir, across tho broad gallory, down the lofty flighty of steps, out into tho garden, lint that X did not sco tho wide the hall door. ‘ AU well?’ I asked. ‘‘‘ Sound as a top,’ho said. ’ Where are, where is Maebelle?’ I nsked. ‘‘ ‘ In bed,’ raid he. “ Somehow I couldn’t say a worn about the figure.” The young minister pulled to pi_ecc3 a japonica wide opened, and mingled white and red, like tho rich mingling in a lover’s heart of whito despair at the truth of such happi ness and regal hope of desire’s perfect fulfil It Boemod to him preposterous that a man who professed himself as full of doubt as Tom Eskow should con over so credulously such impossible stories. “ Of course we have a raison d’etre for our ghost,” explained Maebelle, lightly. “ Aunt Lootie says her grandmother—who was, of course, a slave to our people, as Auut Lectio herself was iu the old days—told her of a great - great great-aunt of mine who was ready to laugh and to scoff at anything. In tho height' of her youth and-beauty she was thrown from a horse and received an in-jury which eho never recovered from. Sho died, according to Aunt Lootic, lamenting her stubbornness, and declaring she v/ould, if possible, return to warn all sneerers to beware of misbelief of their betters.” “ It is a sad story,” said Leo Vert. “ If it is true,” said Maebc-lle ; ” but sho has not, you see,- kept her word as far as I am concerned.” ‘‘She may yet,” sontentiously from Tom. “What has come over yon, Tom?" queried Maebelle, with a puzzled smile. “ If she does or does not appear to you, it should make no difference in your belief or misbelief of great truths, Miss Maebelle,” eaid Lee Vorr, rising as his church bells rang out cheerily. “ If I can persuade Maobelle to it, you will marry us, will you not ?” asked Tom. “No,” answered Lee Vert; “ I cannot givo the prestige of a holy ceremony to those who despise it and my holy office.” Tom Hushed hotly, but Maebelle reached out her strong young hand to grasp Leo Vert’s. “You are right,” sho said; “and be assured £ will never lot Tom ask you unless I become as you are.” All the bells of all the churches in the old town rang out most melodiously, and the March sunlight grew brighter and richer, hut Maebelle and Tom sat wrapped each in a more to his agnosticism tlum umbHcAootwun like to give to him. Ho saw that ha could never make Maebelle accord any show of deference to that great and important society, tho Church, that anyhow marries and buries us, no matter how now-schcol wo grow. Theuncomfortablo thought of death camo to him, a burial without a servico, and a monument bearing thereon some text of Plato. He couldn’t imagitio a houseful of children with no one to hear them say their prayers. It was a most excellent arrangement to have a Being who threatened and promised, and Christian maxims to form characters for young nieces of humanity. It was nice, too, to have a wife battling with tears with one’s manly doubts. Maebelle, too, was disappointed in Tom. How much nobler appoared the young minister, firm, immovublo in his convictions, mistaken though they might be. Suddenly tho glamour of the spring day became a very heaviness of rich gold. Sud denly the sweetness of spring flowers, jessa mine, narcissi, hyacinths, became deadly iu its intensity. Suddenly Maebelle caught sight of a figure floating toward her from the far reaches of the bowery lawn. Tho whole form was quivering with, it seemed, an agony of hitter sorrow. The shadowy clouds floated hither and thither, and anon wrung them selves in amecstaey of despair. | MEebelle saw, or thonght she saw, what no other human being had seen, tho face of the thing. It was a faco whoso expressions wore as unstable as waters, yet each variant was a show of deeper misery, of tiroless yet ever changing anguish. It was a horror of fair neBs, of delicacy. As tho form, light, gracefal, beautiful, yet a very inspiration o horror, drifted, almost, it seemed, to Maebelle, near enough for her to reach out to touch the quivering hands, she sprang up from tho garden seat, her own form palpitating, her own hands as full of unsteady terror as those of tho floating shadow. A moment! and, with the blackness of death all about her, she sank into hor lover’s It was long months bofore Maobelle could rise from the bod where brain fever prostrated In the long night watches, obeckered with days of suflering, she learned lessons of deeper import than those of * any ghost, or wraith, or spell of springtime conld teach her. It was Eastertide again when Tom, I humbled of his urrogancy, yet triumphant in a new hope, asked Loo Vert to perform the | ceremony at his approaching marriage. The Easter ghost of Magnolia Hall was never seen again. Its many appearances to diverse people were never explained. Whether it was re flection of sky and water and bloomful trees ; the shaking of whito shadows from wind blown boughs to meet tho whito glitter of the lake’s long ripples and ot the toss of milky fountains, or whether the young minister (sor rowing in tho midst of his lofty exultation of Eastertide at remembrances ot the flippant talk of two doubters, yot ready almost to believe in shadows) printed unwittingly, in the mind he thought of, tho figments of his own fancy; or whether the ooming fever of the hrain had sent out its own feverous phantasies for forernnnors; none could Bay. The next year the old town experienced a “boom," as many other old Southern towna have. The lawn about the Grains’ house was out by opening up of new stroots, the lake was drained off, lots were sold off Magnolia Grove at gilt- edged prices. The lilies, the forest magnolias, tbe Chinese magnolias, tho yellow jessamine, and the most of the japonioas vanished before the rush of pro gress and rows of tenement houses.—II. Youxo, in “N- Y. Home Journal.” Statistics of life insurance show that in tho last twenty-five 3-ears the averago of man’s life has increased five per cent., or two whole years, from 41‘9 to 43’9. 