V'LOClit fews. n;'|! oiaibi'i . .?; , The members of tta; 'oWre/hykl .-1 usual ' fortnightly.' moolttig on, TuoWy nibt'lnst... The ntlohaanco was bx'cop- msjority of whom woto Infiicffl,. .being; pre- sent. This is encouraging. and must ba very gratifying to tho promutorsof this worthy .' institution/which' is"" without a tloubt bmingmoro pnpularins-' it -grows oldor.i ,..di/:f .y/i'-.' - '/ /Tho eubjectforrtho ovonihg'a dobata . wns — -1 Is tho nilvnricwl woman-nnd advantage or a menace ;.td, Soeioty t'k .The Ministry : took th's lattor' viow nfilrining sho wus a menace.' "Mr. Viucont njioncd tho doliato on bohhlf of tho Ministty and gnvo n Id-iof ; outlino of; tho subject. Ho defined .tho "how't or advanced woman ne a mnnmeh , nineteenth; century crouturo who wisliod to usuip the rights nnd privilogos of tho lord of creation— man, IIo was opposed to -tlio clnss of woman who tried to compoto with nmnin.tho pursuits hithorto rocoguisod ns belonging ontiroly to him. Mr, Cox, the lender of thn opposition, follpwcdhridVin a', vigorous . spoetli ndvo- catod thp claims pf the sox whom lie con- fendgere';ust"Bn(erpng from u physi cal Jandinfellectuclslavmy.If is cohcoption of :th advanced wbiimir-was not tho, kind avhiife'dopiotcd iti/comio papers, but tho odvicaol ono, wlu, was -b)-. ho'r -talont and hnpppr.womanly gifte making horinflucncd felt olitsido tlio lidiiio or fainily oirelo. ' ifryN.'B. Downing was opposod ..to tho -advanced woman— in tho ueuut uccoptution of the term -the woman who aped tho man -and sought by hor eel ions pi ovo nn cjiaality that did . not exist, llo main, taihod that the truo womanly woinnn -did not soek'n plnco in politics but .wiw content toroiiiain in lior own sphoio. Mossrs. Dimlop and . Cndden supported the Ministry. - Dr. Blnokall nnd Mr,. Firth: wore with tho opposition anil boliovod. that . tho ad vanced woman was an advantage to society. They maintained that the. word ' ' advanced" proporly interpretated " meant : educated, refined, skilled, or clevor.' . Mr. Viucont l-oplioil, after which a voto was taken, resulting in a victory Tor tho Ministry by six, tho voting boing twenty to fourteon. ' - Tho subject for next' dobato.is, "Art ghosts a ronlify or a figmont of tho imagi nation f" Tho Ministry tukiug tho Inttcr viow. . 