A man left alunu with mcli thoughts hk uiinu taste* an earnest of den ill. Tltu leailen hours pissud slowly by, and although F could not have been inside tlio La. 1 iiver five ln,iii'ii, it Rfcmed ufi many week* to ine buloro Lieutenant R:llll>ni| ivlurnel. * I'li-w !' Im mid, eyeing t.o intently ' You seein the ghost of yourself. Vo'i ought not 10 give way like til's. .Om»ht notl' I i c'ioej, Kite ly. . 1)d you i'x ii i-t nin to laugh and dance uniUi'tnv xin V ' Conic, con c! its nut to bad as nil that,' lie added ipi'eklv. ' I've u c|Ufi«iiiMi rt two to uik voi'. In the lirst place* uliy did you pitch tuo that t 1; iibnut a gruiiiiiiue dream ?' 4 What <Jj you u.e u /' ] cried excitedly. . ' Why tliiw -lliit you no in re killed vonr coufiii than 1 did V ' Whit! 11* Torn no' dead i' ' Unfortunately, J'cf. Hut inulad no Inind in i numi g liis death. The l'cul murd-ier lias hem fount wandering h.l cl id, and raving wad, upon ihc moo.-.' ' The rial murderer !' I rein at>-d varan ) i. ' IU«« no four; In- i« n safe keeping iimv. 11b must lmv« let liimm It'out, nf the Iimiku iunn vliairly iifti-r tlie deed was done, still rutnining, in spite of hi undoubted itisiiiil v, a lurliing notion of tlii; neeem-ity nf tli^lit. Of cour-r, hh 8' oil ax wo m.s-ud liini, tlif hue and-.-iy wan ruihcd, with I he I' 'Rift tliat he was dineovcred on thu mo. r, ILK 1 have paid, chattering to hiunclt' and chuckline over hiH atrrcity. He ]iarticiil.itlv (.loiita over liiis freuz'cd lUimii.g in having secretly Hlehed ihc Malay liris* from ynur «min, mid in veplneina ii ffitlmut disturbing you, aftur lie had put it lo tliu vile purposed concoiroU by Irs crazed brain Certainly, the I poi r fe lon- ix not accountable for Lis I' liono, ynt hia people; on: greatly to blame-' ' But,' 1 interposal hastily, ' you hava not (old nc; who this madman is.' ' Wliy, it's the man vou know away in Jaffa-Wal'aco Lt-»i:i. His friends worn at onff nnminiH.ii':i(i!.l with, and a brother of his reached Westholine an hour ago. From him I learned that Iiewin lias of late li'cn somewhat crratic in his beliavoni', the outcome, no doubt, of the sunHtrnli,; ho sustained a few months back in ihe Levant. Ever since then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly nobody imagined that they would culminate, as they have done, in a seizure of homicidal mania. What impelled him to vent bin delirious spleen upon your eoasin, rather than up jn anyone else ] can't understand, unions, indeed, it was f ir the reason I have already mentioned-she apparent ease with which the murder could bo fathered upon you. That, too. seems to ba Mr. Cannnn's theory.' ' Ah ! Has Mr. Caiman bejn to the Towers T 'We came directly lie hoard of Tom's death. By the way, we arc all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Caiman's daughter. I had a long talk with the old man, and, from what lie said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the pith for yju. Aware that her father would probably dis countenance any engagemert between yon and his child, because of your un satisfactory position financially, Tom tbc magnanimous fellow-:ven hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon ynn, on condition tint Mr. Cannan withd ewall obstacles. That expedient will now no Innger be needed ; equally of courte, Miss Cannan kn-\w nothing of these pending negotiation*.' 4 And she 'r' I murmured. ' Have yon seen or heard anything of tier ?* ' lily that she is in a state or anxiety and iudignation on account of your arrest, nigh bordering on dis traction. Her father has gone to «ea about gotting yon out ot this infernal hole, and if I might advise you, I woul J suggest that you drive straight to bis house, and set her at rest. Hark,' added he, as footsteps drew near the cell door' here comes Mr. Cannan to carry you off.' 