ANOVEL-OF ANGtb^AUSTKALIA® LIFE. By MBS. CAMPBELL PEA ED. Authoress of "Azi Australian Heroine,* "Policy and Passion," "Nadine," "Miss Jacobs en's Chance," "Arina," "The Romance of a Station," and (in conjunction with Mr. Justin McCarthy) "The Bight: Honorable," "The Ladies' Gallery," See., &o;, ■ ([Published by special arrangement with' *tho - autho& : All rights reserved.] Chapter XVI.—(Continued.) He put his big red hands on her shoulder and hissed her in a rough, perfunctory sort of ; way. She was oddly struck by a certain j curious difference in the manner of his caress. one couia not nave aenneu wnerem 10 iay, dud was conscious of it, as a woman is intuitively conscious of any variation in the mood towards her of her life companion, whether the com panionship be congenial or the reverse. The • old thrill of repulsion deepened in her with the whiff of stale brandy in his breath. She was sure he had beeii drinking rather heavily. His handsome face was red and puffy, his eyes blood shot, and there was more than the usual want of nicety in his dress and appearance which, confirmed the impression. His voice, too, had an indescribable thickness and in his manner i there was.a suppressed' irritability mingled, with something roystering, a characteristic of it accentuated how to a. greater degree than.. was customary. ..... " What has Geneste been doing here all this time?' he asked sharply; and she winced under the fierce gleam of his eyes. He noticed the sign of discomposure, ; " Its all nonsense about his doctoring you. I don't believeinthatsortof thing." "Whatdo you mean?' she asked resent fully. • " He could have doctored you and gone back , again. Lots of people have fever and go about ' just the same except when the shakes are on them. And fellows have been talking—snig- > geringand making remarks about his devo- ; tion to his patient. It isn't as if he was a,; regular doctor. The butchers started it. Uganda way, and Cusack with his damned impudence chaffed me about.leaving you to be sick-nursed by a good-looking man. .' "Is that why you came home?" "I came to see how you were and tosend ' Geneste about his business. , I don't choose ■' him to be hanging round making love to my wife. He*is-not such a tremendousAsaint, as they could tell you further north." She reddened, but restrained the indignant impulse to contradict him. - "It's beastly cheek," Tregaskiss went on. "I was very muck annoyed .at his way of Bpeaking to me just. now. Seemed to imply that I had been to blame. Does be suppose I ■ am going to stand .still and have my pro perty destroyed without stirring a .hand to prevent it?" ' ' - Tregaskiss fumed on. In af calmer mood it might'have been evident to her thdt his dis satisfaction had its rise partly in jealousy, partly in self-reproach. She stood still/silent, a rush of conflicting emotions torturing her. She was inwardly shame-stricken, indignant, choked with a passionate aversion from, her' husband, all the keener because the accusation had not unfounded and she was unable to stand forth and contemptuously repudiate it.' For it was true that Geneste had told her he loved her... But that he had made love to her!" 1 No; that he had not' . done—would never do. She felt outraged—- j her holy of holies had been desecrated. An / abominable construction had been ' put ,npon ■ what to her was sacred. This, in other and / minor matters, had always been the case when !. her finest self had come into contact with j Tregaskiss's. coarser personality. : Now the j feeling gained a new aeuteness from the ■! sanctity of the emotion upon which he was trampling. ; ' . , She said at last, in a studiously quiet voice, / "If you want to know whether I have been.j ill or not you have only to ask Mrs. Eamm—j. Dr. Geneste rode all the way and hack to their camp one night to fetch her. It is his care'. which has probably saved me from a bad time! You will Temember that when be came over |L. was alone, except for the Chinamen and Claribel and Gusta. Not even Mr. Shand was here;. That was why he stayed. As to-—the other part, I have nothing to say. I think you must have exaggerated Mr. Cusacks chaff, which could not have been meant as you put it. { I believe Dr. Geneste means to go back to Dairra to-morrow. Please, Keith, for your own S3,ka as well as mine, do nofj be rude to him, foi! be has done us both a great kindness, and'I jam sure you would be-soiTy afterwards if you v offendedhim." l". * -She walked past Tregaskiss into her own room without waiting for him to reply.. Haen t ; she became terrified lest he should follow lier, but he did not come. Something down below ' attracted his attention and he yelled opt a reprimand to one of; the black boys, .'and . presently went noisily down'the stairs. 'By- . . and-byeshe heard him in the back verandah asking Geneste quite good-humoredly to come in and have a nip before dinner. His anger had been only bluster and she need not have alarmed herself. Tregaskiss, like most bullies, was a moral coward. . Ning came in fresh .from her hath to have her white frock and/red sash fastened.; She exhibited a new doll which Daddy had brought her froth Uganda and which she told her mother Miss Lawford had dressed for her. The last piece of information gave Clare a cine as to Tregaskiss's delayed return, and she understood that he had been finding an excuse for himself by blaming her. She felt too contemptuous to be greatly an noyed. From Tregaskissls reports to her of earlier conversations with the little governess she knew that Miss Lawford permitted a free dom of flirtation which appealed ,'to_ her husband's temperament and desire for variety. It had never occurred to her that ' Miss Law ford's influence could prove dangerous to her own. . She dressed for dinner, holding bade the hysterical sobs which rose in her throat and mentally flying from the vague terror with which the situation impressed her. And yet sill through her dressing her mind was. pervaded by the thought that Geneste's eyes would meet hers for the first time since he had told her that lie loved her and that for the first time too in her life she must play a part abhorrent to her nature—that of a -wife with a secret love for another man to conceal. Geneste pitied her intensely when she ap peared and took her place before the tea tray. He saw how pale she was and with what an effort she kept her composure. He avoided looking at her or addressing her too_ directly, but vigorously sustained conversation with Tregaskiss and Shand, asking about the late sale to the butchers, particulars of the strike, the doing3 of the pastoralist committee, and the arrival of the "specials" from Port Victoria. There appeared to be a good deal of talk and preparation on both sides with little to show for it in the way of cause or result. The strikers were reported to have collected in a, body for the destruction of various stations and for summary vengeance upon the free laborers, but as yet, beyond trying to fire two woolsheds and the slaughter of Tregaskiss's horse, had done no definite mischief. "They are afraid to tackle Brinda Plains just yet," said Tregaskiss, "for old Cusack is in such a blue funk that he has a force of police round the pla6e and makes all his men sleep on the verandah, ready with their fire -srms. . You should hear Miss Lawford's account. Itfs rich, I can tell you." "Miss Lawford is staying with the Ococks, I hear," said Geneste. " On, I see yon know all the Brinda Plain3 gossip," cried Tregaskiss .boisterously, "The fair Helen, I suppose, keeps you well posted. By Jove, you know, she'll bs thinking herself neglected for Mrs. Tregaskiss if you don't take care." Clare's face was stony and Geneste took no notice of the insinuation, but pointedly turned the conversation to general topics. Tregas kiss's geniality had a touch of the malignant. Geneste also noticed the change in his manner and attributed it to] the deepening effect of Miss Lawford's society. _ Tregaskiss was one of those men who cannot in any circumstances • resist talking of the woman they admire. He - repeated more than one' of Miss Lawford's sallies, proclaiming that she was sjilendid com pany and that the Land Commissioner was tremendously gone upon her hut hadn't the ghost of a chance, for Mimi Lawford liked a man who was a man and had some "go" in him; she wasn't one of your die-away women, always giving themselves airs of superiority. There was a certain aggressiveness in his tone and as he spoke he glanced at his wife. It was the "Two can play at that game" air of a schoolboy who is first to prevent himself from being taken vengeance upon. Tregas kiss's methods were all of the elementary kind. They sat out in the verandah afterwards, bub Clare gave herself no opportunity for a word apart with Geneste, nor did he appear to seek any. The baby cried and she went to her room . and sat with it on_ her lap, conscientiously hushing it and guarding it from the mosquitoes till it slept again, all the time with bitterness and revolt in her heart, and yet a remorseful tenderness for the small helpless thing which was bone of her bone, and which she could not cast from her, living symbol though it was of a bondage she loathed. When she went back the night had grown still and muggy, the clouds had blackened, and there were flashes of sheet lightning gleaming at intervals in the west. " It means nothing." Geneste was saying as she approached. "These storms which don't come off are a bad sign." '' " We shall have to begin watering the cattle if it - goes on," said Tregaskiss, "and that means extra hands and no end of expense and worry." < "They're dying fast out Brigalow Camp i way," put in Shand. "Another drought like i Jas't year will ruin the districts" "And the squatters into the bargain," growled Tregaskiss. "Well, any how,", said Geneste, "you are luckier than I am, Tregaslcisa, for you have got, one.bore at least to fall back upon." ' How could he talk so quietly, when for her the very air was full of stress and thrill and when her heart was breaking under the strain of the position ? And yet she admired him for his calmness, which she assured herself must come from the very loftiness of his motive. He meant only her good and desired nothing but the right to help her as unselfishly as he could. Surely, she herself must be a creature of evil thoughts and wishes to be so weighed down and tossed and tormented. "Mrs. Tregaskiss," Geneste said, turning to her, "you shpuld remember you are only an invalid yet and ought not to sit up late. I shall have to say good-bye when I bid you good-night, for I am starting home very early to-morrow morning." "Good-night, then, and good-by," she said, holding out ner hand. He took it and all that night his touch seemed to linger with her like a living thing. "Good-night. I am very much obliged to you for having had me for so long and I shall leave, feeling a good deal more comfortable about you than when I came. I think you are pretty safe now from bad days." Clare answered with a commonplace. "He had been very kind. She hoped that he would not_ find station work had been neglected during his absence." "Oh no; I've got a very good stockman. Tregaskiss, you won't forget that you are to bring Mrs. Tregaskiss over the first opportunity . to see my diggings. It would be capital if we tould manage the expedition to Eungella at the same time." Tregaskiss agreed. He didn't see why they -ih'ouldn't do it before theWorst heat had come on; and. they might get Helen Cusack and Miss Lawford to join, as well as Gillespie and Blanchard and the lot .of them. "Can I get you a lamp, or candle, or any thing?" Geneste asked formally, as Clare was turning to'her part of the house. ■ "Ho, thank you; I have a lamp in my room," she answered and so they parted. The night was ghastly, the storm ending in wind and dust, with low grumblings of thunder and faint flashes of lightning. Clare lay ' awake, every nerve strained, waiting for her husband's entrance. When he came at last she pretended to be asleep, but she could hear .him heavily fumbling with his clothes and boots'as he undressed and she stealthily crept to the' yery edge of the bed, holding herself quite still till he should be asleep, so that she might get up and go out to the hammock in the verandah. She did this many nights. (To be continued.) 