THE PIRATE TEN. ? ? ? » . . ? A SALT-WATER ROMANCE, BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Golden Pope,' 'The Death Ship,' 'The Good Ship Mohock,' &c.; (All Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER XIX. (Continued.) Mr. Masters, passing out of the cuddy by way of the quarterrdeck gained the poop, and stood at the lee rail clasping a backstay with his gaze fastened upon the magnificent lights shaking and feathering under the sun astern. Davenire caught sight -of him, but pursued his- 'digni- fied walk to and fro without giving him heed. They were singing a jolly song in the cuddy, a rattling good song with a hurricane chorus for a ?dosrwatch in the north-east trades outward bound with a shipload of home-sick hearts. Masters did not seem to hear the chorus, yet it should have fitted his mood. The two lines the most distinctly roared out were: Then cheer up, Sam, don't let your spirits go down, There's many a gell that I know well who's waiting for you in the town. On a sudden Davenire breaking Into a grunt of a laugh as though some fancy bred of the song had tickled him, crossed the deck. . 'Our find this morning don't seem to have given you much soul, Sam,' said he. 'The chaps want to sing you into sweeter spirits. Why do you bother yourself and us about the women in the boats? You don't kill this sort of cattle with paper knives do you?' 'I'm all right. What's wrong with me? I was glad enough this' morn ing. One can't keep one's jollity fixed as though it was a weather-cock you can nail,' said Masters, folding (his arms and turning his back upota. the sea to lean against the rail. Davenire thrust his immense hands into his breeches [Dockets and listened to the singing with a half smile and a face crimsoned by the light. 'Since Shannon didn't walk in his sleep,' continued Masters, 'what on earth was his object in going to the flying jibboom end and howling there? On the very eve of the at tempt — it might have been death to us.' 'He answered you below,' replied Davenire, looking at him without turning his head, and speaking deep with sudden sullenness. : 'He said he wanted to clear the after- deck— what for?' ;: 'What a fool you are!' exclaimed, pave.nire. stiffening his figure and, looking Masters full in the face. 'What do you mean by that!' said: Masters, letting his arms fall. The big man grinned a grin that quickly vanished. The bright light lay dull upon the wine-glaze in his eye, but he was by no manner of means tipsy. 'There's something happened,' said Masters, speaking steadily— un- happy man! his brains were fossilised by years of liquor; there was nothing in an afternoon's drench of cham pagne to stagger him! — 'which Burn and ,~I of all the fellows, know no thing about. I insist on my rights as one of you. What's, this secret?' 'Ah! what?' rejoined Davenire with a slow exasperating smile. He was too big. and dangerous a man for the light frame of Masters to meddle with, and he knew itwhilst he sneered. 'Does it concern Miss Mansel?' Masters asked. 'Dash it, go below and askCaldwell for the story. He hasn't got my' tenderness of conscience and me mory,' answered Davenire, swaying with uncertainty upon the heave of the plank and often with his hands buried in his breeches pockets in clining towards Masters as though he would fall upon him. 'It was understood that there was to be no foul play, nothing murder ous, you know,' said the young fel low, speaking with a pale face, 'in this plundering job. If you mean to tell me ...' 'What?' exclaimed the other, pulL ing his hands from his pockets and folding his immense arms upon his table-land of chest 'Was Miss Mansel made away with ?by any of you?' The rousing chorus of 'Cheer up, Sam,' swept through the skylights, and died out over the sea in the wind. 'What right have you to question me in this fashion, pray?' said D|cte; nire, with a dull flash in the glaze^T his eye like a signal of lightning and storm in a hot corner of heaven. 'Whatever happened benefitted you, anyhow— left you with a free con science and the privilege of finding your share of the booty without any rust of blood upon it Hey! Ain't that enough for you?' He rolled his big form as though he was going to throw himself into a fighting posture. - 'Did Caldwell do it?' 'Go and ask him, you ? :': But -whatever the ugly wora was ±o have been .-Davenire swallowed it down, contented himself with looking , it, and strolled off to windward with a haughty gait of conscious bboziness. Tnen, lurching aft, he planted himself alongside William, on legs wide apart, and seemed to listen to the- singing in the cuddy. '' Masters watched him; presently he ?walked to the foremost skylight and looked down at the fellows sitting at Tlie taoie; ms .J.ei^e»a*vits ?uea.uiy.wuiic with passion, buV it was not fear. The first{jnan his -eye^f ell upon sitting immediately under the open frame, was Mr. t-ike Caldwell. They were singing some other chorus 3*ust then, and Caldwell, with -wine-reddened feyes lifted to the skylight, and red lips stretching and gaping as he sang, ?was keeping time 1o the air with an empty glass. WbJen he saw Masters looking down he nudged Weston and both stared up, , continuing to sing, and grinning. - Rasters walked to the companion hktch. 'Rouse some of those chaps up, will you!' shouted Davenire from the wheel. - 'They'll be getting drunk and lying helpless in the cabin. Tell them the breeze is freshening. You can't send champagne bottles aloft to furl royals.' Masters heard without heeding, and , entered the cuddy. Trollope was in the act of rising. When he saw Masters he exclaimed: 'Here's Sampson with a face as cheerful as a skull.' 'A death's head for this table,' called out Shannon, in a. voice broken b,v falsetto notes. ' 'Tis time we should be reminded of our mortality.' 'What do you want with me, that you stare like that?' said Caldwell, looking up at Masters, who had walk edi to his side. Then ». turning to Weston he said - very audibly, 'Has he gone niad?' 'It was. understood,' said Masters,! in a voice so strained as to be a pain to the ear with its tension of nerve and stretch of passion, 'when we en gaged in this adventure that there i was to be no bloodshed. Caldwell, you murdered a girl. Burn,' he al most shrieked, 'I have found it out from Davenire; that's the secret; the rest of 'em know it. This villain murdered a poor, helpless girl.' In silence Caldwell sprang to his feet and lurching .back- aimed a blow at Masters; the heavy fist caught the youpg fellow on the side of the head and knocked him with a stupid look on his white face against a cabin bulkhead. But for the swing of the ship at the instant of that blow it would have been fair between the eyes and a crusher. 'None, of that; not amongst gentle men; not in this time of luck,' yelled Trollope, seeing Masters pull off his coat. 'There's wine in this. Sleep over it Turn in, Mas ters. You're no match for that man, whose soul in wrath is a fiend's. Turn in.' Breathing hard and fast, with a look of hellish malice in his scowling black face, Galdwell was waiting to plant a second blow— waiting till the other had freed his arms. The rest, seeing what was to happen, sprang from their seats, and clamorous with wine and good intentions, tumbled between the two. 'This isn't the Highway, Dike,' shouted Cavendish. 'Clear out Masters, and cool your blood at the head pump!' bawled Shannon. 'If it's to be business between you let us remember that we are gentle men!' said Hankey. 'Isn't he a little particular for a man who left his knife in a baker's body at Ballarat and forgot to call for it?' roared Davenire, in thunder through the skylight. 'He was in love with the girl,' isam Burn, heavily elbowing- Caldwell against the table to keep him off his friend. 'You can't fight in this way. He's no match for you, Dike — d'ye know that that you keep all on squaring? He'll give you satisfac tion—hey, Sam? We're all men of honor.' 'I'll fight him with my fists— I'll fight him with' handspikes— with pis tols—I'll kill that savage beast with any weapon ? he chooses to name,' screamed Masters, whose ear was bleeding. This was a sudden tragic reality; it. struck into the fumes in the men's brains and cleared them as a blast of wind shoots smoke from a room. 'Who says Sam was in love with the girl?' exclaimed Captain Trol lope. 'He didn't know her before we sailed, and he may have spoken to her twice since.' 'He mustn't call names,' said Han ,key, looking darkly through his coal black bristling whiskers at Masters. 'Savase beast is tall language north or south.' 'A savage murderous beast,' cried Masters, 'to throw a defenceless girl overboard— vou black-hearted das tard! I say, you fellows, think of it; a young girl helpless in the grip of that rufiian— d'ye see the picture, you fellows?— Shannon there howling at the jibboom end to make a clear deck for this murderer.' 'I say, Trollope,' exclaimed . Cald well, grinding the words, out of his swollen throat through his teeth, 'I'll not kill this mannikin with my hands ; it shall have a chance,- Til shoot it.' 'There were two in the job,'' roar ed Davenire in the skylight 'I was t'other, Sampson.' 'You shall, answer for it, you but cher, when I've done with him,' an swered Masters, levelling his fist at Caldwell. Davenire, framed to the Waist by the skylight swayed, hands on hips, with a sudden roar, as if he would split his sides. 'X suppose it must be as you say, Caldwell,' exclaimed Trollope, eyeing Masters with a face of cold, con temptuous pity. 'Masters, turn in, man, and sleep it off,' cried 'Shannon. Making no answer Masters stepped straight into his cabin, the door of which he shut behind him. Shannon laughed, imagining that the young fellow meant to carry put his recom mendation. Some of the' others stared at one another a little oddly and blankly. Caldwell stood by the table, leaning. upon it, breathing hea Tily. He looked up at Davenire, and exclaimed: 'What does the whelp want to bully me for? It -was done for the general good— for hi& good, therefore. What was the woman to him? Or is the whining idiot tired of liis life?' Just when he spoke those words Masters v'eme*ged froW his cabin; he ^aay or ^tnay adr tiave heard the speech t»f Tie gloomy blacfe-browed 'fnan; He^grasped his Revolver, a portly Weapon of six barrels: and swin;;uig those sinister muzzles depressed to the deck, he said to Caldwell. in a cold voice, and with a jpale tout steady face, 'I am ready for you whenever and wherever you please.' 'Oh!' said Caldwell, with a violent jstari, wLile a Sistinet tinge of green sifted into the color of Ms cheeks. 'If you are ready, and want .... Trollope, I'll leave you to make the arrangements whilst I ^o and load.' fie entered his berth. Those who watched Him did Slot observe -ISiatJie exnioitea tnat steadiness ot air wnien ihey might have expected at such ' a moment in a man of so determined and fierce a character as Dike Cald well. , ? 'They must have it out on the poop,' said Trollope to Saannon and the others generally. 'But I say, Masters, what d'ye want to go shoot ing round on a sudden like this for? What happened' was an unholy, hor rible obligation, I admit. But it had to be done. Not every man would accept such a burthen of memory. I certainly wouldn't shoot the friendly hand that's helped us to this issue.' 'I will though,' said Masters, quiet ly making his answer more emphatic with an oath, 'and if he does not do for me, I'll do for him,' he cried, with a wild stare up at Davenire. 'Good God, men, was- there ever a more unmanly murder? Don't you see how the demons managed it? They dragged the poor girl from her bed. Did you throttle her?' said he, looking up at the skylight. ^ 'I ad mire the uses you put your strength to,' he added, with a scorn beyond words in his worn, faded, yet hand some face. Davenire withdrew his huge shape in silence, and silence also fell upon the rest of the men, till Caldwell ap peared. He had taken as long a time again as the other in loading his weapon, a piece exaetly after the pat tern of Masters's; when you pulled the trigger the barrels revolved, and for convenience and precision it was about as good to take aim with as one of those memorable blunder busses which Hankey had committed to the deep. 'Where's it to be, Trollope?' said he. in a low voice, hanging his head, which obliged him to lift his eyes to the tall man he aduressed, so making the full countenance repulsive by un due exposure of what the lids were ever wary to conceal. Such a slow, sullen dusky eye as it was! like a drop of ink upon red blotting paper, with all sorts of red veins radiating from the pupils. Those eyes might have incarnated his memory. They had the very look of scores of inhu man, out of the way, brutal, desper ate experiences. 'Better fight it out on the poop since it must be,' said Trollope, speaking with irritation, as though to a sudden prompting of disgust. 'Twelve paces, I suppose. Signal, a falling handkerchief. Where shall I find a piece of chalk?' This was quickly got from under the break of the poop where the black log board was kept, and the whole body of the men mounted the steps, every man mute. 'It seems a thousand pities,' burst out Burn, affected by the glorious sunshine and the noble inspiriting wind into which he had stepped, 'for two of our lot to start shooting like this now that we're through with the job.' ?? Masters glanced at him with a de termined eye but held his peace. Trollope ruled a line with chalk, and walked twelve paces from it along the weather deck, then stoop ing ruled off at his toe, and so the two fellows had their ground ready. Davenire towered beside the skylight, looking on with a grim red face. The others broke into little knots, not choosing perhaps to mass themselves as though they had assembled to wit ness an execution. The splendor of the afternoon was now upon the bar que's quarter; so that the one who faced aft must be at an enormous disadvantage; this had not been con sidered, nor was it perceived till Trollope placed the men. But before the objection could be remedied by a shift of ground, William at the wheel called out: 'Are you two gents a-going to let them pistols off?' 'Yes,' said Trollope. 'Are you afraid of noise?' 'Somebody catch hold of this wbeel,' said William. 'I never shipped for no blooming target.' There was a dull sound of laughter -when it was perceived tlhat Wil- liam stood as good a chance of being shot by the man looking aft as his opponent. 'We must chalk for you on the quarter-deck,' said Trollope, 'the light's altogether unfair up here.' They went down the weather poop ladder, Masters leading, Caldwell closing the file. Trollope measured twelve paces in the lee gangway; this was the best, place for the proposed murder;- the elevation of the cuddy front protected the sight from the. great glare on the .quarter; there was shelter here, too, from the wind, for the flash of it under the main trysail (main trysails were then /carried) cleared the rail above the head and left a. sort of gentle eddyings sucn ;as you get under the lea of a parapet even when it blows great guns. Just at this time the head andshoul ders of Harry showed themselves in the forescuttle. He stared like a ghost, one eye bound up, the other flaming amazement. What was going on he wondered?. He counted ten men, and two of them had pistols. They- were in the lee gangway, where they bury the men at sea. By Peter! he thought, I believe; they are afraid of being caught and hanged, and two. are going to blow the other's brains ^out, and then execute them selves. What will they do with me? What with William? He stared rigid with alarm, a mutilated bust of a man, concealed to bis armpits in that forescuttle. (To be continued.) 