Parliament will meet again next week, and once more people are being buoyed up with hopes of a busy session, and with assurances as to the important and essential character of the work that lies before the Houses. The pro gramme of the Government, as far as it has been foreshadowed, certainly specifies many measures that should have considerable effect on the future ,of the colony. But while ; Ministries propose the Assembly disposes, or refuses, to dispose, of the public busi ness, and everything will depend upon the spirit in which it approaches its ! task; 5 - Past experience teaches us, -un fortunately, that as a rule Parliament meets, not “ for the transaction of busi ness "in a business-like way, but in the first instance to take sides in some new intrigue or development of party strife, then to waste much valuable time in debates of inordinate length on one or two main subjects, and finally to scamper through and perhaps “slaugh ter ” some of the most important mea sures that demand its attention.. Par liamentary procedure, in fact, becomes farcical towards the end of the session,' and it is high time that members of the Assembly should reform their ways. Like the Public Service the House is overgrown, and not only is the number of its members excessive, but the pro portion of garrulous members is so -abnormal that it has become impera tively necessary to devise some means of bringing the amount of work into more -reasonable ratio with the. time spent by members in session. The need of some reform in . this: direction ought 'to be one of the first subjects to be dealt with by the Assembly. Two methods suggest themselves. One is the salutary system of,restricting debates, found to work so well in Hew Zea land, where ■ sessions are exception ally brief. There limits of an hour, half an hour, or ten minutes are fixed respectively to speakers in debates of varied importance, and there is an appreciable check upon loquacity. Failing this, the Legislative Assembly of "Victoria might distinguish itself by being the first in this part of the world to teat the system of Parliamentary executive committees, which is re ceiving advocacy at the hands of many able men in Great Britain, and is urged by Mr Sidney Low in the current number of the Nineteenth Century, It is by means of such committees that the French Chambers have gained a control over administration much greater than that exercised by. the House of Commons. Their bureaux are not merely examining and investi gating bodies, but actual administra tive committees. TheChamber,through them, has access to all the details of finance, and naval, military, and [ foreign affairs, and this, says Mr Low, “ though it takes much from the influence of the head clerks and expert wire-pullers called Minis ters, does on the other hand secure a continuity of policy which renders the frequent change of Cabinets in finitely less important than it must appear from the British standpoint. The committees become centres of stability, their members obtain special, thorough, and continuous insight into the administrative machinery of the country, and they are in a position to suggest any needed reforms. The idea of the proposed system is that there should be a certain number of committees—of finance, public works, railways, and. so forth; which would have power to call for accounts and papers, to invite Ministers to come before them and vindicate -or explain their policies or their administrative, actions, and even to examine the departmental officials and technical advisers of the Government. Instead of a Cabinet, backed -up by its majority the caucus and official 7 bureaucracy, having undisputed sway, it would have to justify its pro posals before committees possibly longer standing than the thoroughly conver sant with all' ttao-4e.tai)s of adminis tration, and able to Irepon> them with a great weight of authority. This' control of affairs would be shared by others besides the members of the dominant party. - The Opposition would be well represented on the com mittees, and measures threshed out by them would be tolerably certain to command the approval, of Parliament and' the country. The personnel of the committees should remain much the same from session to session, if not from Parliament to Par liament, and in these colonies where. the lives of Cabinets are so ephemeral, where tyros in administra tion are constantly coming to the front,’and where legislation so often proves crude and unstable it would be of special advantage to have some such semi-permanent associations of mem bers well versed in and thoroughly vigilant and serotinous with regard to ail the details of public policy. . It may be affirmed of this colony’s ex .perience; as well as of that of the mother country, that the system of government by committees is well ' established in our minor administration, has on the whole worked smoothly and well, and is understood by many of the new men who have been trained for Parliament in municipal and parochial politics. It is a glaring paradox that many men thus framed to refer-even the minutest detail ofmunicipal finance to the scrutiny ,of a committee, before adopting it will nevertheless vote millions for the national expenditure very often as’ fast as the clerk of the Assembly can read the figures. Little wonder that an annual outlay half a million beyond the needs" or means of the country should now he revealed, or that the programme of each new session should contain sb many measures to amend the crude Acts of-the past, or to em body legislative projects that have been passed on from session , to session' until hopes of some of them, highly necessary as they, are, being passed into law, have almost been abandoned; If Mr Best’s zeal for reforms of our Parliamentary system has died out some other member should earn his country’s gratitude by • striving to render the next session one of work instead of talk. The committee of the Cabinet which is endeavoring to lop off unnecessary and fungus-like growths on the Public Ser vice, is understood to be now devoting its attention to permanent reforms, so ■ as to prevent future relapses into ex travagant ways and circumlocutory methods. Apparently nothing short of a permanent scrutiny will attain this object.. The official mind, generally speaking, seems to be set‘against, fully grasping the urgent need for economy and adapting itself to the exi gencies of the times, and unless there is sustained watchfulness, a drift back to _the excessive ex penditure of the past will inevitably take place. A naive indication of,the fixed, intention Jo eventually refill posts that should be done away with altogether is to be found, coupled with a droll idea of economy, in an official statement as to the cost-of the income tax office. W 9 are.assured that,..**,as far as salaries are concerned; the'State expenditure has not been increased by a single, sixpence, all the clerks in the office having been drawn from other branches of the service from which they could be spared. -About 60 officers have been employed, but, more than a third of that’ number will be relegated tp their former duties at once.” In other . words, ’ it costs the .State nothing to employ 60 superfluous and unnecessary officers at the rate of £6OOO or £7OOO a year at the very least, and as the Income Tax Commissioner cur tails his staff they will be drafted back to branches of the service “from which they could be spared,” and in which they are not required ! It ap pears to be very evident that the de partments are still overmanned, and even more evident, painful as it must be, that further retrenchment is neces sary. The full extent of the com mittee’s work can only be realised when their ' report , and recommenda tions.i’are published; ;There is a . very general apprehension that many of the unrequired will be retained, and many more of those dispensed with will be re-employed, unless some very stringent regulations be adopted and insisted on by Parliament. It will be interesting to learn what preventive scheme Mr Yale’s committee has in view. Mr M'Allan gave notice at; last night’s meeting of the Eight Hours’ Anniversary Com mittee that at the next meeting he woald move that in future the celebrations be- held in Feb ruary instead of. April. His chief reason for .the change was that the recognised day was too late in the season, the result.being that the demonstration -was usually held- in cold and wet weather, which greatly interfered with the enjoyableness and profits of the event. Besides, it would be better both for the Bal larat and Melbourne committees’if the gather, ings took place on different days.- It would also please the sporting competitors, who could then enter for the various events at both places, and in. addition improve the sports by centring the best men in the colony in one- place, instead of dividing between the two as now. . Mr Surtees thought the de parture would be unwise and might weaken the hold on Eight Hours Day, To his mind there was no guarantee that fine weather would be assured for any particular day in February. There was always a risk, and in his opinion, although the affair might be as effective in one month as another, it was safer.to keep to the day which had almost become a national holi day. The present Eight Hours Day was well known,, and the date easily remembered. Alterations in any fixture always caused a disarrangement with regard to subscribers and patrons, and it would take a couple of years to get the public to understand that the event could take place on any date but the 21st of April, which was the proper day. The notice, however, was accepted, and the matter will be' well debated at the. final meeting of the present •ommittee. . , At a special meeting of the Hospital com mittee. last night, regretful reference was made to the death of the late Mr D. Brophy, who was twice president of the Institution and for 27 years a member of the committee. The pre sident (Mr D. M‘Naught) remarked that it was with feelings of the sincerest regret he had to bring under notice the demise of the deceased gentleman, whose kindly benevolence, sympa thetic nature, liberal views, and value as a citizen all had frequently recognised, Mr ? ??? ? man they could ill spare, for he had held his being on the terms of each aid the others. He moved—" That a minute re lative to the deeply lamented gentleman’s services be placed on record, and that a letter of condolence be sent to his bereaved family.” Members of the committee supported the motion in appropriate terms, and it was carried unani mously. Last week, it will be remembered, a Mrs Kelly, a nurse, sued a Mr Geo. Mellis at the Gity Court to recover the sum of 30s, alleged to to due for attendance on his wife during her confinement. The defendant, who was repre seated by Mr Salter, denied bis liability, and deposed that his wife had left him 11 months prior to the birth of the child. Under the circumstances the magistrates dismissed the case, and Mrs Kelly was advised to sue Mrs Melhs. This advice Mrs Kelly followed, and yesterday the case was called oh. Mrs Mellis contended thather husband wu declared that his evidence was incorrect, as she had only been away from him f° r months. The magistrates decided to consult. the police magistrate; who was present when , Mr Mellis was sued, before giving a verdict, , and adjourned the case until .Thursday, i Dr Davies,, who retires from the post of; flSslstam;roosUo«k«ae Hospital on Thursday loot mßht,.at the institution, the principal in a pleasing j ceremony. There were present—Messrs u. I M'Naught (president), L. Phillips, T. Clegg, j A. Anderson, P. Papenhagen, W. M. Acheson, ] C. E. Salter, Jos. Phillips, J. J. Fitzgerald, A.. Miller, 0. E. Edwards, and W. Eyres, and | Drs Champion and Davies, The president, in 1 a few well-chosen and complimentary phrases, j presented Dr Davies with an artistically j designed -.and beautifully -lettered testi-j menial (the work of Mr W.' N. Lans-j ley), the text of which was as follows: | “ Ballarat District Hospital.—We, the under-j signed, on behalf of the committee of manage ment of the Ballarat District Hospital, have great pleasure in stating that that Dr W. E. Davies has held the position of one of the resi dent -medical officers of the Hospital for the past two years. during which time he has been most careful and attentive in the discharge of the responsible duties entrusted to him; skilful, kind, and considerate to the patients under his charge; and has always carried out the sug gestions of the committee regarding the general welfare Of the institution. He is severing hie connection with the Hospital on the termina tion of his tenure of office, and carries with him the best wishes of. the committee for his future welfare and success.—David M‘Naught, President; L. Phillips, Alex. Milleb, Vice presidents; F„ W. Goldsmith, Secretary. Mr L. T. Phillips proposed “ Health and Suc cess to Dr Davies ” in appropriate terms, and the sentiment was cordially supported by Messrs J. J. Eitzgerald, Jos. Phillips, and W. Achesnn, who each bore testimony to the value of Dr Davies’ services to the Hospital. The recipient of the testimonial, in responding, said that, as a native of Ballarat, and as a boy who had gone to school here, he felt proud of having obtained a position on the resident staff of the Ballarat Hospital. He bore testimony to the assistance rendered him by the com mittee in the discharge of his duties, and in speaking of the many good qualities of the resi i dent surgeon (Dr Champion) remarked that in seeking to bring the expenditure within the income the committee would do well to consult with that gentleman. He believed it was a truer spirit of philanthropy to provide necessities for twenty than luxury for a half-dozen, and in this con nection expressed an opinion that hundreds of pounds could be saved through the institution being conducted at less expense on the fare supplied. Strict enquiry into cases should also be made, so that the committee in giving tickets would feel assured that aid would not be indiscriminately given. He heartily thanked the committee for their kindness, and said that as ha intended to stay in Ballarat, anything ha could do for the institution ha would moat cheerfully perform. Dr Davies yesterday was also presented by the secretary (Mr Goldsmith), on behalf of the officials of the Hospital, with a handsome surgical instrument bag, and with a,pair of valuable gold sleeve-links from the nursing staff. Accidents as follow are reported from the Hospital:—Jessie Person, 3, of TJrquhart street, a contusion of the left elbow, through being run over by a spring cart; Florrie Stevenson, 11, of 313 Sturt street, an injury to the left knee, through tripping while running; Donald M'Naughton, 54, of Cargarie, cuts on the lips and abrasions on the nose, through his horse falling and throwing him from a trap. ■Anti-toxin, the new cure for diphtheria, was used this month by Dr Hardy for. the first time in Ballarat, arid the issue was successful. This fact was mentioned by the doctor in the course of his lecture before the Buninyqng branch of the Australian Natives’ Association on Monday night, when he remarked that the new remedy had rendered the terrible disorder, diphtheria, amenable to treatment. A child five years old, took ill on Thursday morning,; 9th May; His throat was covered with diphtheritic lymph, which increased with such rapidity that the doctor recog nised the case to be moat serious. On the Monday the child was so much worse, and the breathing was so labored, that Dr Hardy in jected a dose of anti- toxin. Success was doubtful, as 36 hours had to elapse before the remedy could remove the membrane, and the child was almost suffocated by the closing of the air passages. Tracheotomy was then resorted to successfully, so that the patient could breathe, and after the lapse of the 36 hours the membrane was ejected, the size of two large marbles. On the 17th the child was up and running about the_ house. Another remarkable fact was the-complete healing of. the throat. . - , Owing to next Friday being a public holiday, the Town Council will not hold a.meeting that day, but will meet to-morrow instead to pass accounts and accept tenders. An entertainment under the auspices of the the Loyal Wendonree Lodge, G.U.0.0.F., was last night (riven at Mingst’s Hall, North Bal larat, by Mr E. J.. Bundle’s Variety Company, assisted by several popular vocalists and dancers. There was a very large attendance, and Mr W. Sebo, District Master; presided. The following performers took part:—Mrs Collins, Misses L. Cohen, F. Davies, L. Peters, and H. E. Bundle; Messrs D. Barren, G. Lester, E. J. Bundle, E. Thomas, A. E. Timms, J. Charles, W. Gay, W. Guy, —• Bailey,-and Master Leo -Ritchie. The-first part of the programme concluded with an intensely amusing-farce, entitled “The Eival Darkies,” and the concert terminated with a touching dialogue, called “ The life and death of Joe, the crossing sweeper.” . Subsequently a dance, which proved vary enjoyable, was held. The music was supplied by Mrs Collins, and Mr J. Baird acted as M.C. Considerable annoyance is being caused in the neighborhood of South street owing to the stupid tricks of some person who is personating a ghost. Asa number of children have been frightened by the impersonation, several young men have determined to keep watch on a cer tain person who is suspected of acting the part of the ghost, and if their suspicions are verified it will fare badly with the actor, who will have good cause to regret bis folly. Our Scarsdale correspondent writes :—“ The Minister of Mines will visit Bokewood on the 24th inst., and has signified his intention by letter to make enquiries respecting the lease in dispute at Newtown." A.t a largely attendad and enthusiastic meet ing of- tailoresserheld- at the Trades’ Hall last night it was unanimously decided to reorganise the.union in connection with the trade. It was resolved that all members.should re-join at an entrance fee of one shilling, pay the same con tributions as previously, viz., threepence per fortnight. It was further agreed that in future all the union shops would be periodically advertised through the local press, and by means of bills in the country districts, and, further, that only those places where “ log ” prices are paid, and in which all hands are financial members of the organisation, will be regarded as union establishments. The election of officers will take place on Tuesday week, by which time it is expected the list of union shops will be ready for publication. Senior-constable Purcell yesterday morning reported himself for duty at the City police station. A musical and elocutionary entertainment was given in the Barkly street Wesleyan school Hall last night, in aid of the funds of the cricket club. Mr D. B. Wheeler occupied the chair. A most enjoyable programme was pro vided by Misses B. Molyneux, Panlig, S. Johns, G. and E. Williams, A. Trembath, G. Whitford. J. and E. Johns, and Messrs H. Hall, J. Vfhidburn, W, J. Bossence, H. Wat kins, J. Wooloock, T. Opie, A. M'Kissock, and Prout (2). While each item gave great satisfaction to the large audience, special men tion must be made of Mr J. Whidburn’s recital, ‘‘Karl, the martyr,” which was ren dered particularly well. Miss Newell acted as accompanist, while the arrangements for the entertainment were attended to by the bon. secretary, Mr E. Sprague. Some people were under the impression that the lecture delivered last night on “Theosophy,” by Countess Wachmeister, in the New Hall, Skipton street, was under the auspices of the South street Debating Society, We- are requested to state that such was not the case, as the hall was let in the ordinary way 6f business. A meeting of the Eight Hours Anniversary Committee was held at the Trades’ Hall last night,-under the presidency of Mr J. M‘Lach lan. The- following donations, sent in since the previous . meeting,.. were ordered to be ac knowledged:—Carpenters and Joiners’ Society, 10s 6d; Mr Blackburn, 10s 6d; Mr Straker, 10s 6d; Mr Hutton, £1; Mr C. Burrow, 10s Od; Mr J. Coghlan, £5 ss; Mr F. W. Niven, 10s 6d; and Messrs Llewellyn and Parer, 5s each. The secretary reported that with the donations the whole of the expanses in connection with the demonstration would be mat, which, con sidering the extremely wet weather of. that day, was highly satisfactory. It will be learned with regret that Professor F. M. Ksause, of the Ballarat School of Mines, is at present away from duty through somewhat severe indisposition. At the meeting of the Ballarat Sparrow Club last-night, it was decided to hold a £lO han dicap pigeon match on Saturday next. On the following Friday and Saturday the compa-. tjtion for the Hollis gun trophy will be con tinned, and the following week the competition for tbe Kynoch trophy. On the 28th June the club will hold a £lOO pigeon match. A match has also been • arranged with the Melbourne Sparrow Club, which will take place at Mel bourne on the 27th July. Each club will be represented by 10 men. Two persona were fined 2s 6d with 2s fid costs at the Town Polfca Court yesterday for driving without lights. A third offender was fined 5s with similar costs for not appearing. Three children .named Thornton, whose ages ran two, four, and six years, were charged with being neglected. Evidence was given that their father had some time ago deserted them and although a warrant had been issued for his arrest, his whereabouts could not be ascertained The mother of the unfortunate children was' 'unable to support them. The bench, consisting of Messrs Josephs and Gale, J's.P., committed them .to. .the, .cate of -tha-Jlepartment for' Neglected Children. Two debiT'eascr, at)i pleted the list. •' \- on Monday night a couple of young women proceeding homeward along Holmes street North Ballarat, were confronted by some blackguard robed in white, and carrying a light in a tin, the sides of which were per forated'in a manner representing a skull and' crossbones, a coffin, and other unpleasant characters. The girls screamed, and ran to ■ the railway gatehouse, from which the keeper emerged, but before he was made aware of the occurrence the cowardly perpetrator was out of sight. It is believed the individual hides in the building formerly used as the Grenville - College. Unless the idiot desists from his senseless and dangerous practise, ha might gat something at the hands of young fellows of the • neighborhood that will cause him to remember ■ bis escapade for a time, A meeting of admirers of Mr Michael Davitt convened by Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., and Mr J. L. M'Lachlan, president of the Trades , and Labor Council, will be held at the assemblyr room of the Alfred Hall to-night, to arrange a suitable reception to that gentleman on jjj a next visit to Ballarat. Some days ago it was intended to have a bicycle race on the roads at Daylesford, the finishing post being the post office. Senior- Constable Love thought the race illegal, and warned the secretary of the club to that effect. The secretary waited upon the mayor of the borough, who gave permission for the race, but when shown the Act relating to furious driving withdrew his consent. The constable wrote.to Superintendent Parkinson on the matter, and the superintendent forwarded the correspon dence to the Chief Commissioner of Police. The question went from the latter to the Crown solicitor, who gave as his opinion that pro ceedings for furious riding under sec. 5, S nb sec. 17 of the Police Officers'Act could be in stituted against the weelmen. This decision was conveyed to the club, and the race was cancelled. This Act applies to any person whether riding singly or in a race. ’ • A case of typhoid- fever was reported at the Town Hall, Barkly street, yesterday. Tha patient, who is a female, resides in Cameron street. With a view to encourage the public to travel by the early cars from and to Sebastopol the Tramway Company have made a concession in the fares by those cars, as indicated in an advertisement in another column. Passengers by the two first oars from and the first car to Sebastopol can now obtain special return tickets at 3d each, available for the return journey by : any ordinary car, excepting on Sundays and holidays. An alteration in the route of church cars on the Sebastopol line is also notified. A number of debt cases comprised the bnsi ness to be dealt with at the City Police Court yesterday. Messrs Permewan, Graham, and Little, J’s.P., weere the magistrates in attend ance. Mr E. A. Akins, an old resident of tha City,, has commenced business as bouse, land, estate, finance, and insurance agent, at No. 2 Trinity Chambers, Lydiard street, having resigned his connection with the London Bank, of which he was one of the oldest officers, having been con nected with it for 20 years, during which time ha occupied most responsible positions in the tranches at Ballarat, Townsville (Queensland), and other business centres, at all of which places he was deservedly esteemed. On leav ing Townsville .previous to his departure for Ballarat, the local club tendered him a public banquet as a mark of the esteem in which ho was held. An advertisement having reference to Mr Akins’ business appears elsewhere, A cablegram was yesterday received by tha relatives of Mr H. Moreham, of Ballarat, who recently left for South Africa, stating that ha had safely arrived at Natal. A large meeting of coursing men was held at Lismore on Monday night, representatives of the old Berry Bank club meeting those of tha new Lismore C.C., and after a long discussion it was unanimously decided, for this year at least, to have no friction, but to support tha Lismore C.C. It was arranged to have tha first meeting at Larra on the 7th and Sth Jane, and the second and third at Berry Bank on 3rd and 4th July and 9th and 10th August. -Hr R. Ohirnside and local men have each pro mised £lO 10s to tha first meeting, and it only requires the old members now to fall in with this' arrangement and a successful season is assured. -, The sterling manufactures of the Ballarat Woollen Mills are.being brought prominently before the public by Messrs John Snow and Company, who are turning out suits to measure from bast quality Suhnysida tweeds at ex tremely low prices, as will be seen by our ad vertising columns. Messrs Snow and Co.’s j special purchase of all-wool Ballarat blankets j is also meeting with ready salo. ' At the conclusion of the afternoon session of the Sebastopol Wesleyan Sunday school last Sunday the superintendent, Mr Brehaut, on behalf of the teachers, presented. Miss Blytb, who is leaving.the school on account of her ap proaching marriage with the Rev. A. Cock, 1 with a small memento of esteem in the shape of a handsomely bound volume of Longfellow s poems, and also three books of Miss Frances Rid ley Havergal’a poems. Mr Brehaut referred to Miss Blyth’s connectidnwith the school sines childhood, and wished her every success and j happiness wherever she might be located. Messrs S. N. Richards, A. J. Catron, of Mr W. Coulthard’s school of shorthand, have gained Sir Isaac Pitman’s certificate for theory in shorthand. A vary successful rehearsal of the Ballarat Orchestral Society was held at Herbert's music I warehouse, on Monday evening, when the items I were rehearsed that are to be played at tha | forthcoming Wendouree Rowing Club 3 Cou- || cert. A feature of the concert will be C-rldi- l| cott’s song, “ The whaler,” which will be sung || by Mr R. L. Nicholl, with orchestral accom- | paniment specially arranged by Mr Ceorga | Herbert, the conductor of the Ballarat orchrs- | tral Society. The band of the 3rd Regiment | will (by the permission of Lieutenant-Colonel H Williams) also take part. i There is a remarkable man in London just 9 now (writes “ Oxonian” in the S'. A. J2yisttrl, 9 taking his M.l). degree. Mr George Ernest | Morrison, a young Victorian, son of a popular head master of the Scotch College m a Geelong, has always been noted for his B and intrepidity. He is about to P u "'. . B book on one of the moat remarkable ot his no- H ventures —going unarmed and alone, srve la chance coolies—disguised as a Chinaman tro n Shanghai to Rangoon. His first big adven , 9 was taken whilst he was an undergraduate B Melbourne Dnivorsity. He went by sea B the extreme north of Australia, and J™,- H walk the 2000 miles between the Gulf ‘ H pentaria and Melbourne. Though the H half of his journey was infested with 9 blacks, exasperated by their conflicts W the “outside” squatters, this boy o - ■ passed alone in safety through ~‘H He swam the rivers with his clothes upon ■ head, and made his way from station to s a ™ —a veritable sundowner. In command H exploring party sent to New Guinea, ■ the misfortune to get speared by a r-p M With the weapon unremoved he cameh Jjß Edinburgh to get cured and to study m ■ at the University. On his first arrival a- M Reekie there was naturally no end SB amongst the medical students of Hi . tures. There is a very large club of A 5 students in Edinburgh, with a memo about 200, and with these as a nucleus •> soon spread. The operation ex f. r i ~ spear proved more than ordinarily ami - 'Km yielded at length to the skill of Prrie Chiene, and Mr Morrison became “Professor Chiene’s case.” In apP ef \ is tall, fair, and very boyish-looking {oo |M is an adept at our second national ga H A difficulty has arisen between the empto 1 of the Euroa rabbit factory and the Tha company boards and lodges me, venience sake, upon the premises fn 10- 1 week. The men demand a reducti _j week. The directors say they cann feed the men in the way they are n less than 12s per weak, and 20 men . raen ts -:9H quently ceased work. Large cons g r rlf3r rabbits are on hand and more com n The strikers include the tinsmiths . n ; n Some of the men (says the Age, we much as £i per week. ' Tha City branch A.N.A. meets The item on syllabus is “Imprompt P Visitors cordially invited. |( .. Mr J. West Lan will lecture on the Chinese ” at the Town Mis night > 8 - Kk-willtoWW The Laarmnnth Private Assembly wi H ipecial evening on Friday. J^B Dr Charles A. Courteney annonoces^ has commenced practice at 1,0 , i a{e may be consulted at Dr Salters H dance. a j[ 3 bl^Hx A notice referring to Crown an • for applications is advertised column. . vpM at A concert and ball wiU b Waubra Mechanics Institute l3th June, in aid of the K-G. fund. Mr W. G. Harrison, P«* H Lextonshire, will preside. f Mr A. T. Morrison, Lydiard stro^ Patent Agency, has obtained 1 tho King, of Ballarat,- letters patentdo of of Victoria for “an unptowd for « apparatus for, indicating the times H »uca of postal pillar boxes. distribution As the list of shares m tno . r3 pid^B, St. Albans Estate and stnd, Gem J t;6ed filling, intending investors an) n ecflS«^B w early application for Dart icnla r 5 - Forms of application and other? be obtained from Geo. Ada Chambers, Brisbane. 