TBS STMME CASE AT ST. ALBAfl’S, We wets very busy at St. Alban* Heepital. Nurses and dootors were hard at work from morning till night, and from night till mom ing again. The severe winter was bringing its naual aooompaniments of starvation and sick ness. Hard times and bad living were working havoc among the poor ; the hospital was fall* to oversowing. An unneu&l; number of casualties, at the same time, brought stretcher after stretcher to the aceident room. The great clock over the entranoe was just striking six as I threw my shawl round m* and hastened off across the grounds to the dis pensary. Running quickly through the snow, 1 soon arrived at the door, and was greeted by the customary growl which awaited late comers. “ I am sorry I am late in coming for the stimulants,” I‘arid, assoonas I could get my breath. “ I could not leave the ward before. Iiet ms see, six ounces of brandy for No. 20, and little No. 16’s port wins; that is all, I think.” “Anything fresh this afternoon, Nurse Seaton? * inquired the dispenser, as I busily paoked the bottles into my apron pocket, iu order to have my hands free for my shawl. “ Nothing for ns,” I answered. “A bad'< cate has just gone up to ' il ary ’ Ward. A poor young fellow was brought in this after noon, found dead in the snow—good even ing,” and I set off again across the white ground. “Off duty at six,” I said to myself, as I went. “I wonld not go off, only I am so tired, and sister says I must." At the door I encountered Nurse Flemming, j my chum and fellow-nurse, just emerging from the ward, accompanied by two womon, one of whom was weeping bitterly. “ Oh, dearie,” exclaimed Nurse as soon as she saw me, “ I am so glad you are come. This is the wife of poor No. 12 who died this moraine ; she wishes to see him. I know you are off duty, dear, but doyoumind taking her ? I’ve just got a fracture in, and Mr Hooper is waiting to attend to it; thank you.” I nodded a cheerful acquiescence, and she turned back to attend to her many dutieB. Taking the women with me, I went to the room of tho porter who kept the mortnary keys. With many growls he lighted his lantern and prepared to accom pany ns, as he was in duty bound to do. He was one of the many male officials ot St. Alban’s who considered it right to he ns dis agreeable as possible to the Morses whenever they reanired his services, eo I took no notice of hia munnuriugs, but devoted my attention to the poor woman at. my side. While she was telling me of tho manv virtues of tier late husband, and of the dark future in store for herself and her eight children, wr arrived at the door of the mortnary. Leaving us standing there, under a lamp which projeotod from the wall, and which the porter lit from the flame of his lantern, the man entered alone, in order that he niicht bring forward from the large mortuary tho particular body we wish to sea ; presently be opened the door again to admit us. The door by which we entered led into a tiny chapel. It was here thatthorolativeaof the deceased looked their last upon the pale, set faces of their departed friends. The body about to bo visited was wheeled on a light trolly into the chapel, which was kept very clean, and daily re-dcckcd with while flowers. As we entered, the porter stepped outside to do something to the lamp, which did not burn properly, while I went forward with the women, and gently turned back the sheet from the poor dead faoe. The two women were too >nuoh absorbed— —the one with her grief, and the other with her sympathy—to take any notice of me : so I, remembering a poor littlo waif who had died in my arms a day or two before, and thinking I should like to see him again, for I had grown to love the little, motherless creature, picked up the lantern from the floor, and went in search of my little patient. It was some time before I found him, end after imprinting a kiss on the small, pitiful lace, 1 went to look at the new post-mortem room, which had lately been finished and which I had not seen. 1 was walking round, the light of the lantern gleaming weirdly on the white tiles which lined tho walls and floor, when I suddenly heard a door bang. Without knowing what had happened, I shivered with apprehension, and my flesh crept uneasily. In a moment I had flown through tho mortuary and into the ohapel. Too late! The door was shut, and all was darkness! In a moment T knew what had happened ; tho porter, supposing that I iiad gene and left the visitors to him, had turned out tho gas, locked the door, and gone away with them. Oh.it it was too horrible ! I beat on the door •with both my fists! I raised my voicein a fear ful scream, but that was worse than the awful silence, for the hollow walls took up tho sound, and the mocking echo came hack to me, as if tho dead were shrieking in their places ! I sank on my knees on the damp stones and covered my face with my hands. Tho hnilding stood far away from any other: tho blustering wind wonld prevent my voice being heard even had I the courage to shout again, which I had not; no one would he in the grounds in such weather as this; I should not ho missed. In the ward I should he supposed, being off duty, to he in my own room. Nurse Flemming, missing me from the supper table, would imagiuo that I had gone to bed, and would probably retire without, as she thought, disturbing me. What should 1 do ? What could I do ? To romain there all night seemed impossible, yet bow much more impossible to get away. I bad always been accounted among my follow nurses as the most courageous, and I fear I had been wont to boast that nothing could frighten me, but I had never dreamed of anything like this. To ait among friendly faces in the daylight, or beside a cheery fire, was one thing. To be forced to spend a night alone with the dead, was another. At length I gathered sufficient courage to turn round and try to realise my position. Oh, how I envied those fortunate mortals who, in moments of danger and dread, can quietly faint away into calm unoonseiousnees, to recover their sonses only when the horror is past. If I could only lie down on tliat oold floor and sleep. Aye ! even if it was the sleep that knows no waking, how gladly would I have done so. Anything rather than remain terror-stricken with these dreadful com panions. I glancod at the lantern ; bow long would it burn? Could I depend on its light lasting till dawn? I looked at tho trolly, with its cold, still burden, then, with a mighty effort, 1 crossed the chapel, and seizing tho end of the ghastly earriago, whirled it into the large mortuary. With as much strength as my arms still possessed, 1 sent it into the darkness, and flew back into the dimly-lighted chapel, closing tho door behind me. Now at least I was alone, with nothing more unearthly than white dowers, and a large ehony cross, which hung against the -wall. Sinking down into the corner most xemete from the inner door, wrapping my shawl closely round my shivering shoulders, I placed the lantern beside me, •nd strove vainly to think of pleasant things. I tried to thiuk of the ward, with ils cheer ful fire and rows of beds with their cosy red rugs; of the fun wo had had at Christ mas with the children and the Christ mas tree; ot home, with the dear faces I hoped to 3ee when the summer came, and with it the long-anticipated holiday. But all in vain ! My eyes would keep glancing round at the horrible door. My ears would strain themselves to listen for sounds from that silent room. Oh 11 should go mad ! I could not bear it! How wicked ! how cruel! that no one came lo seek me. What was that ? The great clock at the entrance was striking. One ! two !—but, no seven ! eight! then silence. Only eight o’clock ! Only two honra since I rau through the gar den to fetch stimulants! Almost involuntarily I slipped my hand Into my apron pocket. Yes, there were the two bottles, carefully wrapped round with my handkerohief, as I had put them. For a moment a ray of hope darted across my mind; surely, when the bottles were SBjespJjjfrpm their place, inquiry would bj i made, and I should be sought for. Bat a moment's reflection brought back the old i despair. It was not an unheard-ot thing in those busy times for the dispensary to be tor gotten until the door was looked and the dispenser gone. Mixtures and medicine would be left on the little shelf onteido, but not the stimulants—and Sister, with a sigh at the forgetfulness of her nnrsee, would serve the patients from the stock bottles, and no thought would be directed to me. Whether I fell asleep or not 1 have never since been able to determine, but when I roused from the semi-consciousness ir.lo which I had fallen, several hours appeared to have elapsed. Instead of the dim light of the lantern at my side, the chapel was flooded with I silver moonlight. In spite of my thick shawl, II was fearfully cold and cramped with lean | ing so long against the chilly stones. I was aware that something had roused me ; some thing besides moonlight and discomfort. A glance at the skylight overhead showed me themoon sailing calmly through the dark, blue vault of heaven, surrounded by fleecy clouds ; and, even as I looked and listened, the great clock struck two. For nearly six hours I had lain unconscious in that awful place. The fact did not tend to bring mo comfort ; I felt sick and ill, my limbs ached ; the black cross, touched by the moonbeams, loomed dark and awful against the whitewall. Oh, to die and forget everything ! What was j that? A sound !—a croon ! Oh! Heaven ! coming from the other side of that inner door! I had risen to my feet, but now 1 sank back, frozen with horror, into the sheltering corner. For a few moments silence, then it came again. I listened—a low, long moan— but to my confused brain it was not tho hollow, unearthly groan of the stage ghost inch as we are wont to associate with rattling chains and lurid bine fire, but rather the groan of a human creature in pain. As soon as this idea took possession of my weakened mind, my courage returned.- All my nurse like instinots came to my aid. The thought that a living hnman being was near, much more a fellow-creature who needed help, filled me with new energy, and I rose and took up my lantern. What I expected to find I hardly know: perbsns some workman who had been assisting with the new building had fallen asleep, oi been overcome with drink, and shut in, like my self, through misadventure. Howimprobable a theory this was did not, fortunately, occur tc mo until long afterwards, and I opened the door and looked into the dark interior. At the sound of the opening door the groan ing ceased, and for awhile I stood uncertain which direction to take. Presently a movement at the further end decided me, and I made my way slowly round the stono ledges, casting the light of the lantern, on the ground as I went. No sign of a human figure could I see. No British workman's recumbentform gladdened my eyes. 1 stood still, in perplexity. Oh heavens ! what was that ? Close beside me, not yet placed in a shsil, but lying on the stone slab, lay a long, still figure. Still ! Oh, horror ! As 1 looked, unable to stir, I snw the white sheet that covered it move—a long, thin hand pushed itself from beneath and almost touched me. All my former ex perience was nothing to this. In a moment the fingers had pulled the sheet from lltc face, and a pair ot dark eyes gazed into How long 1 stood thus I shall never know. At length, a long, quivering sigh from the white lips called me to myself and I gathered courage to bend over and touch the prostrate form. Enough ! The spell was broken ! I knew that this was no time to hesitate—no time to give way to womanish fears. I took tho cold hand in mine. “ Do not fear,” I Ba:d, in as oalm a voice as I could command, “ I will do all I can for you,” and taking tile shawl from my shoulders I folded it round the shivering form. Instinctively I remembered the bottles in my pocket, and drawing them forth dropped a little brandy between the- chatter ing teeth. After a while the returning color in the lip*, the increasing warmth of the limbs, told me that my ellorts had not been in vain. Oil, if I could only summon aid ; but that was impossible I If I conld keep life in my companion, my patient, until help arrived. Fortunately my shawl was a large, warm ono; fortunately, old No. 20 hod not got hie brandy, but I had it safely here. *' Where am I ? ” asked the man, as he looked round the dim ptace, his face full of surprise— and no wonder, for his surround ings had, to say tho least, an unusual nppearanoe. 1 did not think it wise or necessary to explain matters more than to tell him he was in St. Alban’s Hospital, and would soon doubtless he well. He told me what I had already gueBsed, that in travel ling on foot through the snow be bad been overtaken by intense fatigue, and berng un able to overcome the drowsiness he knew well might he fatal, he itad fallen asleep. “ It’s a wonder I’m not dead,” he concluded, and I made no answer. I had been so absorbed in my work that I bad taken no account of the hours as they went by, until now I heard the clock ring out six ! Oh, the joy of that sound 1 We kept early hours at St Alban’s, and at six o’clock we were sxpeotea to rise. I should ha missed, sought for, and found ! I wits shivering ana sick. Tne man had fallen into a dose, lrom which I could not find it iu my heart to rouse him, loaely and miserable as I felt. Oh, how cold it was ! My thin cotton dress was scanty covering from the icy air. How long would it be before thc-y found me ? Would they seek long before they thought of the mortuary? Would they think of the mortuary at all 1 How all theso thoughts tormented me, chasing each otiier through iny aching braiu until, at last, a sound of a key turning in the look—tho voioe of my dear nurse and companion saying in be wildered tones, “ She cannot be here,porter.” Then the whole place spun round, and 1 saw and heard no more. It was lODg before I returned to my work. Pneumonia set in, and tor weeks 1 was too ill to leave my bed. Tenderly was I nursed, and much was I praised for what they were pleased to call :ny bravery. My patient, I learned, had recovered, and wsb full of gratitude for his strange resoue from an untimely end. Tile ease of “ suspended animation ” was much talked of among the doctors, and the medical papers took it np with interest. “ \ oa saved his life, you know," said the nurses to me, apparently to console me for my unpleasant experiences ; and the patient himself haB told me the same thing a hundred times since that day, fori am now his wife.— “Strand Magazine.’! 