SOW -I~: I onal day oPa rDIG tE MDW#PB MBETUEG. 1A i ls 1*' id~ t lIssue, in sontinca 01 opening the new i~agheol In East-street tea and after m ath~ e held in the buill? last rdday evtnd red to be a The school I~i~t~s7T~ bb~ioL.Ls. tgether 'hbe g ~ neither oi, I-s 5 Isonefin the ereprovided. These a seemn anble I e cIes unchewonid lempt~ the tpo?s.e? . Numerous 'ceLpLaced in chaste hekntoiy khiidig attenddI b g~~ ~Xf *1~arryWl~m~~IMee llani Maggie JyissNellie Mnseado~ hms r.W. Bays W ehl'hos,'resi- ed over by leaseos, Lo l Shillito, May ~iwel,~t~sn~dle~le~n, Abbott, B EJe nu~lansi fR and Mhoi asii z.sie p byM ~,ade.'rin gensi?sna tee~re and, lady' teacher (tWo)e loke after by'eulee W. C. H. Eluer and Misses Yod, Mdrry (tio), Page, White-. ead, unt ee, d : r n . J. besd, Hnntt?_?- ....t Seabrook'e ;lasn, atteuided to by Mises K. Martin, Uda Woods, Mary Perking, M. A. Matterface, L. Bell, M.Martin, M. Harvey, Marion Willey, Edith Io6te, Mary Stafford, C. Lewis, L. Shiito, B. Jackes,; A. Livermore, O. Ogden, and Nellie Gr eon; Mrs. G. Wil son's class. supervisedby sll the pupils o the cless; Mr. T.'.IDribb'elss, preside& overby Misses Bitook, -E. NottoUll, Minnie Bennett, V. ilbb,.and J. Tathan, ss~euted by the sechelars belonging to theclase; Mesdames H. . eScott aed J. H. oote,- -sssated by Messrs. H. MeL Sott and J HLb Toote; .Medamesm Spence's and T. Baines' class, presided over by the scholars of the elas. Amongst those who were present either at the tea or the after-meeting were the Bev? Joseph Walker, P. Bobertson, H. Bawlings. W. Sumith, .W. C. Moon (Oogregationeal minister iof aitlland), W. V. Young, T. B. Thurlow, e. Stewart, and James Davies., Tea over, wilting hands were soon busy in getting the hal in readiness for the public meeting, which was of a most enterteaining characeter. As on the previous Sunday, ther scholare tenanted raised tiers of seats at the idsar of the edifie, and by their singing, under the conductorship of Mr. A. W. Browne, added greatly to the enjoyableness of the proceedings. In this connection, the orchestra rendered invaluable assistance. The meeting was opened by all present rising and joining in singing a hymn, after which the Rev. J. Davies offered prayer, and then the children sang one of their special hymns. Mr. J. H. FoOe, secretary of the new school, gave a brief account ol the state of the building fund. It was mentioned that the land had been purchased for a sum, in the aggregate, of £503 is. 10d., that the contract price of the building was £2998 O10s., and that the archi tect's fees, furniture, fencing, and other extras would reach about £500, giving a total expendi ture of £4001 11s. 10d. Included in the receipts was a sum of £285 8s., representing Sunday school collections. The pooceeds from the sale of the old building were £23 19s. Subserip tions and othbr receipts gave a total revenue of £2021 2s. 2d, leaving a debit balance of £1671 2so,8d. Towards meeting that amount there were promises totalling £162 10s.. so that would leave a sum of £1508 to be arranged for. It was further stated that the receipts from the opening services came to £42, and that there was yet £12 10s. to come from that source, which would make the proceeds therefrom £54 10s., which could be deducted from the debit balance. The secretary trusted that those who had not yet subscribed towards the building fund would do so as early as possible, so that the debt would be reduced as quickly as possible. Mr. W. T~aas, as Chairman of the Congre gational Union, spoke a few words. He said that they had great cause to be thankful that the building was so nearly finished. All who had seen it had pronounced it to be a grand one. What they wanted now was God's bless ing to rest upon the school, the teachers, and pupils, so that the work might prosper abundantly. The edifice had been erected not for their own praise, but for the honour and glory of God. He prayed that the blessing of God would rest upon them all. The anthem "How Holy" was very taste fully sung by the pupils. The Rev. W. I. aono said that the school authorities were wonderfnully favoured in hav ing such facilities for increased work, and they should become more successful than ever be fore, provided that they had the blessing of God upon them; and they would receive that if they only seught it. It should notbe forgotten that the best machbinery was useless unless there was behind it a skilled hand. So with their grand school. Unless they had Christ behind them they could not be successful. In conclusion, he congratulated them upon pos ssting suheb a magnificent Sunday-school, and trusted that God's blessing would rest upon it. Mfi se Nellie Shillito chbarmingly sang" Walk ing with Jesus," and then The Rev. J. WAsEra npologised for the absenceof the Revs. BHugh Jones, M.A., and J. M. James, B.D., of Brisbane. The Rev.'W. C. Moon said that he was an old friend of their pastor, the Rev. Joseph Walker, whom he then eulogised for the good work he had done. He felt it to be a very great privilege indeed to be pres~nt at the opening of that splendid instiatution. They now had the best school that was to be found in the Austria. laosian colonies, and he hoped that there might rest upon the workers in connection therewith God's richest blessing in the power of the Holy Ghost. He would ask them all to go forf to their work in the name of Christ for Christ's sake and ln His attength, and then their laboura wohid be a blessing to the town in which they lived, andould, ·perhape, be felt even in other conutries. He hoped that God would bleeg thnem all, and make them a power in the land. (Appluse-) he 1hildren thean sn" The Trumpet Call" very sliritedly, Mr. H. i. Scott taking the solo part " PCh Ciai a., when announotng that a oolledtiof wouldd Wb taken ap, said at had been sta?d that ther was nd need to Met snuch a building, but he might san that if the numiber of'sohoirer lndreassed during the next twenty Si -ey t a adone'durcn Is peat twatZ'e .Jie? ld .bulli. would hefts too ?,?1? ? ? :uBon their'handeome l , 'th Sbp(o foling-b 'the uthhor I " trlae' M~e on~est ; to Go i i' %' heild 1a whlsh • tseO'h Ifs'ith? tunefully ihilJmitted.thel hihbthB olke? t?k.en up. • S?he ?Lev~i W. sai ?d that it wa fttia Wet the' sto~f isliloniwton in the oloy ghulS have .eoh splendid Sunday-scoht, a na h as thlt the building was in the hanrds of thb s~~~td ia I soine pebp l ta hbl adi5l s t gero ab a In meat. He ~riYtllthe lrog ie bu a monst the freest of free denomianloios. It wane siau h building tosork in true an 4tlaa ibasching, with God's thej wdld st 'In.mtnalng the tide ta eerdolalim In these eolonl, He wIlsbhed thesi well, end trusted 'that God's blessing tenotldhrsetpn their building and upon their ·labooe (Applrause) - Another ~'anthem havinig -b~6 ~dt mugby ib~s choir, , ' - ? .. . . eh? .? ..- i , ..'-· ".'~" '~:' : · ·'- ' -: " - The. ev- T. I- Tn : d d*e,-. .re addres. a consutgratleted e ao atoni ita upon possessing snubaluc u di?eb-hool buildin, mend expreme' irhctt'tbitn thie worker, would relelve GOd's Ithrlivott-." The Carnoa staled -fhlnsttorb'd aeselv apitegss for nconatiaeklsdiioretak Web Reds, T. eon nd J. GS". i hf -tis - h. H"se -thorhlesd~bsadabbr aS Irne woiyetitWet St' a~eepwli$ ~oeosla ? ekpj,..,r. ?,.:,?,- ·. : ,. ? .' , . v·:.: 'asle~g sns~g5"8&'leee9e ouri BndI5hs'tj~eos~q fteodauade4 by tbSS.a,?iC b,-_ ., ,.,. ,, . the' -hns., 4lctayff- ,~-' , , s 