THE NOVELIST. DERINGk* Br A. L. E. II. CHAPTER IV. " And then," said Cissy, on a stool at her mother's feet, 1 asked him ^ hich is your lavourite flower?' <ind lit* Jooked at the Gloire de Dijon in my frock and said, ' Roses.' So I gave him one, and he put it in his button hole. Now, mother, I appeal to you, could anything be more harmless than tliat? Hob is always accusing me of riirtine, and it isn't fair. I don't Uirt-1 don't know how !" There camj a prolonged whistle from another part of the room, "Well, 1 don't," persisted Cis-v, " do I, mother?" " My dear child," Mrs. Trotter answered, " it isn't so much what you do as how you do it. and Bob is quite right to be particular. There's no harm in being lively, but " " She's too fond of gadding about," said the uncompromising Bob in the background, " and she makes herself too cheap." Cissy looked at him, dumb for a moment with indignation, then she began " Well! it ever '' but here words failed her. " Gadding about indeed!" she broke out wrathfully. " Why, 1 did nothing but improve my mind all the time mother was away. Didn't 1 practise an hour and a half every single morning ?" " Well, yes, if you call that practising. You thumped the piano a t;ood bit." " And didn't I real chapters and chapters of-what's-its-name-that book Dr. Welsh lent me?" |Perhaps so, but you wouldn't have if I had lent it to yon." " 1 don't know what you mean," said Cissy, colouring, however, as if she did; "and didn't the doctor order me to play tennis and have lots of exercise last year when 1 was ill ?" " That was when the parson craze was on, and you were always doubled up over your prayers. Things changed afterwards ; parsons went out and soldiers came in. And now " " Oh I understand !" interrupted Cissy quickly, " you want everybody to be as prim as Margaret, and 1 can't and 1 won't, so there!" " Come, come, children," said Mrs. Trotter; " don t be foolish. You are both in the wrung. Bob, you are too hard on your si-ster ; and Cissy, you are very thoughtless. It is unkind to trifle with people, and a man like Mr. Dering would t>e inclined to take things seriously, retn<-mber." It was now a mouth since John Dering had -Jiis first reappearance at The Ceuais, and he Had s.i^wn since then a decided inclination to tespoud to Mrs. Trotter's hospitable invitations. It was a new experience to hiui to be the object of womanly kindnesses, ana these women Mrs. Trotter and uer daug titer at least-were pre-eminently kind. They had no trace ot the common British coldness and reserve, and it was tueir pleasant way tv lavish small attentions on their guests. If .hey liked a p rsun they ..id not mind his knowing it, and they liKed nearly everyone. The elder lady haa nothing aggressively British- matronly aoout tier; die youuger one was innocently atlecuonaie to all and sundry, it was this " hail-ieiiow-well-met" au,uude that the more responsible Bob reprehended in his sister. Her Kindness was naturally some times misconstrued, and more man one unhappy tuuti had tound out too late lor his peace oi mind tuat her airy coniidences, no leso man ner artless blandishments, were cuuiLuoii property. As iut Juan Deriug, mis new experience was a deiiguuul one. He had scarcely Known any women. His mother he remembered vagueiy as an invalid, alternately irettul and tender, but he had no sisters nor cousins to ^ive solidity to his ideas oi women generally. In spite, or perhaps because oi this exceptional circum stance, he nad a proiound reverence lor these wonderiul creature^ collectively, and an unlimited lauh in tueir influence and power. Their society, wta n he could enjoy it, which was seldom, was full of an exquisite charm to him, but he had netir, since his untor tunate marriage, sought tiie lriendship of any. Unce or twice he had seen women ue thought lie could have ialien in love with ; they nad been pretty, sweet-natured, cheer tul, but he had avoided thetn. Sometimes he gave himself up u> delicious dreams of what might have been if that dark ghost of the past had not stood between inm and happiness. But they were uot lor him, the deiicaLe excitements of couwship, the joys of marriage and fatherhood, and whatever cyuiud might declare, me was, after all, a sadly un&uisbed; an air shorn of these ex periences. But liuie, that aged nurse, rocked bim to patience. Stifled attentions, s.umed ?spiritual growth, pain and weariness were his accepted lot. After years oi st.cggle he had attained, or thougut he had attained, a quiet resignation whicu would serve hitu to the end. Tiih end might be neat; it could not, he knew, be more than two years distant. He had grown accustomed to the thought. Deatu haa become, of late yeacs, Jess aud Jess of a formless dread, more and ulore of a lamdiar presence. And now, wheWtoe was bejpn.i.n# to be almost content, when his vara were growing deaf to the music of earth, and his eyes dim to its beautjfi foaman bands were stretched out to draw bu!ft\i>ack, and fri.-i.dly eyes looked with sympathy into tiis. He had almost iorxolteu for Brief intervals the silent tragedy which separated bim from other men and women. He bad been one of a pl asant party, aa cheerful and self-forgetting as the neat. Why should he abut himself -oat from tfreae tanooent joys because be was doomed t * right of pobU*hflg this work hu been pur jhMsfl fay U» pwyciwom of Tkt AuttraUtiion. . r - A new interest in life had awakened witliin him, the old indifferent calm had gone, and an eager curiosity, an almost painful restless ness had taken its place. The discussion between Boh and his sister ended abruptly by the former saying good night and leaving the room. Then Cissy rose from h'T lowly seat with a yawn. " lie pretends to go to bed," she said, " but he has really gone down to the school room to talk to Margaret, / know. Well, I'm sleepy, and shall go to bed really. Did Mr. Dering say anything to you about going to Skelton, mother ?" " Not a word. Did he to you ?" "It was about the strawberries," said Cissy ; " he has such a quantity, and there's nobody to eat them. I said I wouldn't mind sacrificing myself a little, ami he said it would take dai/s to eat them, and it would be better to be on the spot, and did I think you would putup with a bachelor's quarters? So I said " '' Well, what did you say, dear?" " I said he had better ask you, so I suppose he will. Would you go, mother?" "Should you (ike to?" "Oh yes, 1 think it would be great fun." " But look at it seriously a minute, Cissy," said her mother. "Such an invitation means a great deal from a man like Mr. Dering." " I suppose you mean that he likes me," said the girl calmly. " Well, I suppose he does. And I like him -just about as much as anybody else. Better than little Hartley Carew, and perhaps not quite so much as Dr. Welsh." " And if he should make you an offer ?" "Oh. well, I should accept it, of course. Don't you think so, mother? It would be the best chance I have had," "Cissy, I don't like to hear you speak like that! You must be more careful what you nay." " Well, we both think it, mother, so why shouldn't I say it? i wouldn't be such a goose as to speak so to Bob or Margaret." "And I hope you will not speak so to me either," replied Mrs. Troter with dignity ; " I don't like it, Cissy. Anyone would think -1 don't know what tli<?y would think ! Am I the sort of mother who would wish you to marry any kind of man because he was well off ? Have you not been free to choose, and do yon tind that rich men are any worse than poor ones?" "If I had been free tochooBe-" began Cissy, and stopped short. She was thinking of a certain picnic on the river ten months ago, at which Dr. Welsh had tirst shown her that he loved her. They had wandered along the towing-path a little behind the rest, and Bhe remembered even now the green reflections of the willows in the quiet water, the way the rushes swayed, and the general sente of loveliness and peace in the warm air. She had been very happy that day. " But no, mother," she pulled herself up with an eflort and went on. "Of course I didn't mean that You want me to be happy, I know, and I should be wretched married to a poor man. You and 1 are prac tical, that's all> and practical considera tions weigh with as. Mr.' Dering bas -how many thousands a year 1 and that pretty plac-, and he is nice-very gentlemanly, and kind too, though he is odd sometimes. To be sare, he is delicate, but then " She stopped and looked at her mother. Mrs. Trotter was kuitting and did not look up from her work (a pair ot crimson silk socks for Mr. Dering himself, as it happened). " Oh that is absurdly exaggerated," she answered carelessly. " I feel convinced he only needs a little care. See how much better he is since we took him.in hand ! He was moped to death before all by himself, and men are always so ready io think them selves dying if they don't feel well. It was just the same with your poor father." "Then if he asks us to Skelton yon will go!t \- ** Weil, yes. It would be doing him a reed kindness." Cissy smiled aa she stooped to kiss her mother. " Good-night dear," she said ; "it's lucky we are both practical. It only one ot us was how we should clash ! That's my stumbling block with Margaret. She always says she is practical, but in reality she is lull ot high flown ideas. And oh, lhat reminds me-I don't believe you will get her to go to Skelton ?" "Why not?" asked Mrs. Trotter. "She must. It would look so odd to leave lier behind." "It is funny," said Cissy, " i>ut I believe she hates Mr. Dering. She certainly avoids him all she can. There never is any ac counting for Margaret." " Leave her u» me," replied Mrs. Trotter. " I will manage her." Bob, in the meantime, had justified his sister's ,sagacity by going straight to the schoolroom, where Margaret was sitting por ing over a pile of MSS. It had become 11 custom with her to spend every evening from nine ^ to eleven in this way. Her long cherished secret ambition towards authorship had been made public through Cissy's treachery, and everyone knew that she con tributed largely to a local magazine. It was not known-except to the sympathetic Bob that a larger field for her talents had been opened to her through the interest of an old friend of her guardian's. She was writing a novel. When the young man entered she threw down her pen and started up. "Oh Bob, dear Bob," she said, " I'm so glad you've come. I can't write a hit to-night. The words don't go. Come and Bit by the window and talk." " With the greatest pleasure in lite," re sponded Bob with alacrity. The schoolroom' was a large untidy room into which-since it was never entered save by these two-^all the old pieces of discarded furniture in the house had oeen ungratefully * ' ? poked. Chairs and tables too modern for veneration, and yet old-fashioned with a hopeless kind ofuglinoss. stood round, dream ing cut thiir days in idleness. Margaret had a ridiculous lancy that they had feelings which were hurt by neglect. They certainly had expressions. A superannuated rocking horse, tailless and maneless, galloped its hardest in one corner, and unier a glass case was astuffed one-eyed cockatoo which had once been dear to the hearts of Bob and Margaret. Some old china vases, not sufficiently (esthetic for the more civilised parts of the house, crowded the mantelpiece, and were kept well filled with flowers. There was a large-framed portrait of an old man on the wall, just above the table, where Margaret sat to write, and beneath it all the summer days stood a jar of mignonette. It was her guardian's portrait and bis favourite flower. This room was in the basement, below the dining-room, and its one window opened into a small recess, whence a flight of etone steps led up to the garden. Thus all that was to be seen from it was the stonework of the space surrounding the window, a few scarlet geraniums bloom ing above it', and a wide stretch of sky. That Bky was beautiful to-night The day had died slowly, leaving ionic trails of rosy clouds across the blue. These had vanished now, or only existed in faint feathery s reaks which veiled but did not hide the Btars*. Bob drew two chairs to the window, but Margaret did not sit down at twice. bhe stood with her hands clasped behind her bead, looking down regretfully at her papers. "Why can't I write mechanically as famous authors dot" she said, ''so many thousand words u day. no matter what their mood ? But lately it has been getting more and more difficult. Ought 1 to take it as a «ifln that I have mistaken my calling ?" "No," answered Bob practically, "you ought to take it as a sign that you need a rest and a change of scene. I always get foggedjjny*fli if I work long Jionrs without a tibange. Well, you will have your change of scene eoon." "(Wtitot'do' y6tf ni^ati'?'' asked Mafgaret >*Only that Dering is going to ask you all to Skelton. He said something to me about it to-day, and of course mother will go." " Why of course ?" "Well, shf and Cis are awfully taken with him, nin'tthey? They'll be sure to jump at it. What's the matter? Don't you want to go? Stay here witii me, then ;why not?" "Why not?" xepeated Margaret vaguely. She stood lost in thought for a minute and then Bftid " 1 don't know what to do ! I don't know what 1 ought to do!" Then, after a pause, " I wonder if Cissy likes him." " Likes him!" Cissy's brother laughed scornfully. "She likes money. What an innocent baby you are, Margaret! Haven't you seen all along what she's been driving at ?" "Oh Hob, you are unjust to Cissy ! She is not like that." "She's verv much like that!" Bob answered gruffly. "And the wonder is that Dering doesn't see through it. It's awfully queer. 1 should have thought he was much more pour sort of man-booky and all that -but you don't seem to have taken to one another a bit." " Don't talk nonsense!" said Margaret 3harply. " He is very far indeed from being my sort of man. Do you know how he is looked upon in Charminster?-what kind of character he bears ?" " Oh he's all right," answered Bob easily, "I don't think you're quite fair on Dering, Margaret. You always speak as if he'd com mitted murder or bigamy or something. Do you forget how fond my father was of him ?" Margaret looked involuntarily attheportrait on the wall and her eves softened. " No, I don't forget," she said ; " he was fond of him, and he was not often mistaken. He knew a good man when he saw one, but well, my dear boy, you must let me have my likes ami dislikes as well as other people. We can't always explain these things, can we? It is only one more of the interminable Dr. Fell cases." She sat down and leaned her head on her hand. After a pause she said " If jour mother tries to insist on my going to Skelton, you must stand by me, Bob!" "Not if 1 know it!" replied Bob, with a wise shake of the head. " Don't you see that would be the very way to make her insist more? The less I say in favour of your staying beniiid the more ready she will be to leave you." " Perhaps so," she answered ; " I wish you were titty, Bob, and a person of vast ex perience !" Sorry I can't oblige yon. But, I say, Margiret, what's up really, you know ? Don't pitch into me for asking, but >ou know you are bothered about something, and I bet it is the same thing you wired to Dering ahout. I may be a fool, but can't I do anything to help you? You know jolly well that I'd never go back on you." " Oh, I know that," said Margaret: " you are a dear boy, and I love you. Bob; I love y >u because you are growing more atid more like your father, and I love him, and always shall, better than anyone in the world or out out of it. I won't pretend I am not worried a l n)ut something, butyou can't help me, dear." She. laid her hand ligh ly on his sleeve and did not guess that thrills of painful pleasure 6liot up his arm at her touch. No, Bob could not hf'.p her j who could ? It WHS a month since she had learnt the cruel truth about the man in whom she had once believed so implicitly, and whom she had made the dr^am companion of her girl fancies. It was a ftionth of unspeakable wretchedness and difficulty. Their common secret made a bond between them which she hated, but could not ignore. To do him justice, he had avoided her almost as studiously as she avoided him, but she was painfully conscious that he watched her, listened when she spoke, was not indifferent to her going out and coming in. And yet all ihe time it was Cissy to whom he talked, by whom he sat; Cissy who chatted to him, sang to him, waited on him. Margaret had*seen no harm in that beyond the inevitable hypocrisy involved in a guilty man posing as innocent. She had let that pass, but it was becoming too serious for half-measures. Something must be done, and there was only herself to do it. Suddenly she rose, went to the table, and began to write:-" Dear Mr. Dering,-I am going to make what may seem a strange request, but I think you will understand it, and, if not. dare I ask you to grant it without understanding my reasons? It is that you will not give my mother and sister the expected invitation to Skelton. If you think me impertinent I cannot help ir. 1 know too much about your circumstances to feel justified in remaining passive, and too little to be sure that I interpret your actions justly. -MARGARET HEARNE." She closed and addressed it, and then stood up and looked at Bob, who had sat in silence while she wrote. " Bob," she said, " will you post this for me to-night-this minute-and nut ask any questions, nor wonder at anything? I hate being m>sterious, but I can't help it, really." "Of course I'll post it," answered Bob, sturdily, "or do anything else for you, Margaret. "Only" - he paused, glanced at the letter, and then looked away-"will you tell me one thing? Is there anything between you and Dering ?" She hesitated a moment. " Not what you think, but there is a-secret." " All right," said Bob ; "I'll post it." " Then good night, for I am going to my room." The letter was posted, and Margaret breathed more freely. Now, at least she had done all she could. And if Cissy was dis appointed-well, a transitory disappointment was better than a perpetual heartache. And Margaret herself had not begun to imagine it possible that Boh'e estimate of his sister was the true one. She went down early into the garden, and presently Cissy came Hying along tin* path flourishing a letter in her hand. " Isn't this fun ?" she cried ; " an invita tion to Skelton 1 Now, you have me to thank for that I It' 1 hadn't behaved prettily and flirted with Mr. Dering you never would have seen the iiiBide of that house, Margaret! And there's an old library full of all the fustiest and mustiest old rubbish you ever saw. So you'll be able to enjoy yourself in pour way while I enjoy mysel f in mine. Why, you look perfectly horrified I" "No, not horrified, only-Cissy, do yon want vary much to go f' " Of course I do 1 Want to go I Why, I've been trying for this all along. What harm is there in that? Mother says it will do Mr. Dering alt the good in the world to be r&uBed;, and 1 mean to rouse him. On purely philanthropic grounds- that ought to appeal to you, .Margaret!-on purely philanthropic grounds I think we ought to go. And the strawberries-philanthropy and strawberries alike call aloud I But come along to breakfast. Excitement makes me hungry." " When doeB he want yon to got" "On Thursday, -And it's a generous invi tation. Not one of tboBe ' from the so-and so to the so-and-so.' We oan stay fts long we like. Now, Margaret, you'll be nioe, won't you I Don't fuss and say yon don't want to "*. Mme' ^ Pfewt Here Mrs. Trotter's voice was hear.] the open window, ««Come, girls hllwm is ready. And here is a pleasant "1-Mt Margaret, she added, as the cirls toijether, "such a kind invitation from m Demi!?. Did Cissy tell youMr< ?M,l0de me!" "ked M*W«, '* Now, my dear," exclaimed Mrs raising her luvnd depreciatingly " o.lnJ 1 lor once you do something without o,w Sft and fault-finding ! I wish you to go. It u-Vif add[ Rreiltly to Cissy's pleasure, and it "0* look so very odd to Mr. Dering if you re 1 really must ask you to sacrifice your i,2' nations in this one particular. I don't nft interfere with your wishes, and I do tlnnk ) would lie most sellisii and unkind if ,J mortified us by beha ving in a ridiculous «»!} extraordinary way about this. What is tif to dislike in Mr. Uering! Vm Ze fe know. I always find him most interests most intelligent, and ro kind." 8tlll-~ Margaret's face flushed," but she ""i answered quietly, " Very well, 1 will K0." J Mrs. Trotter was surprised and pleased .t this unexpected acquiescence, and tin,]!,',,, herself alone with Margaret after the n<W ance to the invitation had been desnatei i i thought it advisable to take her so fu , o her confidence as to Bay wjve . Margaret must have noticed that Mr. Dering is-'Very much taken wiiii Cissy. And Cissy-poor child!" it i8 , hM«"».*«>. K Jiutit that is so," said Margaret with a pang ot quick alarm, '«wouldn't it he better to leave things as they are-not to encoura,v the idea-not to let her see him at all»" , " n.u.\Zhy'" a9kp(? £». 1>otter, ' " u.h" should I discourage the idea when 1 have the best possible opinion of Mr. Owing ai think him th* very man to make Cissy ham,'-' If it is to be, they ought to have every oi'tDor tumty of getting to know each other." " But be is so ill, and so much older than Cissy, and we know so little about him about his past, Mre. Trotter regarded Margaret with a shocked amazement, " His past!" she echoed. « What have to do with any mans past? 1 don't think .you can realise what you are suggestine Margaret! As for his being ill, and older than Cissy-he is growing stronger every .bl and his age (he can't be much more than thirty) >s just right for her. You think be cause the child is tmrry and liglit-hearteil she 18 incapable of appreciating Mr. Dering's ko.'hI qualities, but that is a mistake. He inspire the most perfect confidence in her as well as in roe. He is a man you can trust. Hut we need not discuss the matter. For some mysterious reason you have taken a dislike to him and refuse to do him common justice. You must allow me to decide wnat is I»est for Cissy, and all 1 ask is that vou will come to Skelton with a <ck>1 grace, and make the best of what to most girls would be a de lightful treat." Margaret gave in and said no more. Site saw that Bhe could do more good b» swing than remaining at home. She did not be" lieve that Mr. Dering had any feeling with regard to Cissy beyond that of a simple pleasure in lier beauty and girlis!icss, and il it renlly should l>e as Mrs. Trotter said, and the little tlirt had at last developed a heart to suffer and to lose, there would lie a greater chance of preventing harm if she was on the spot, and could watch things as they occurred. Cissy was Unfeignedly delighted at the prospect of the visit, and made no secret of her desire to find favour in Bering's eyes. Margaret always found it easy to tor give in her what she would have thought it impossible to forgive in others; what in Cissy's friends would have been hopelessly vulgar 6ounded in Cissy herself nothing worse than the irresponsible lrankness of a child, Mrs. Trotter's reproofs and admoni tions were, in Margaret's eyes, far more offensive. Tnere was a subdued triumph in her manner which indicated that she had achieved a set purpose, but desired to be modest about it. The day arrived, and Dering's carriage came Dunctually at the appointed hour to take them out to Skelton. It was an ex quisite day, and as they drove through the narrow streets of the old-world town, and out beyond its scattered outskirts, Margaret felt her heart leap in answer to the sweet welcome of the country. The air was full of a delicate exhilaration, and carried scents from the bean-fields and from honeysuckle Haunting high out of reach in the hedges. Masses of meadowsweet were scattered over the banks ami shone white in the ditches, and always above the noise of the horses' feet and the roll of the wheels sounded the rapturous song of the skylark. Skelton house stood somewhat low, and was invisible until the lodge gates were reached, but once in theavenue-an avenue of elms that led for nearly a quarter of a mile to the house-you caughtglimpsesofgrevgablesand high latticed windows through the trees. It was by uo means a grand houBe-could not in the most exaggerated advertisement have been de scribed as a "noble mansion it was merely a good- sized, comfortable, picturesque dwell ing, not unlike a large and superior Inrm house of two centuries ago. The 'ront windows opened to a l«wn of marvellous greenness that sloped downwards to a ter race, and beyond that again lay the rose garden, the praises of which Mrs. 1 rotter never tired of singing. Two great twin beeches shaded the upper part of the law", and to the westward on the terrace seven tall limes stood in a stately row. And every where were roses-roses in beds on the grass", on beds round the housp, roses climbing up the red brick walls of the adjacent sllt and kitchen garden, and the dull-grey w'al1, of the houseroses hanging in wreaths an festoons altove the p<rch, and lilting tue^ lovely heads to peer in at the open which were all (brown wide to let tneir sweetness in. Dering stood at the door to welcome tliem. "Well, here we are, Mr. Dering" exclaimed Mrs. Trotter effusively, as she "ll,: ' "and quite enchanted already by the beau of Skelton. fiowdoyoadol Itw del'nn to see you looking so much better, i weather is really-oh, yes, the drive charming, and the girls-Cissv, look at exquisite Madame Lambard!' . Come in, uome in," said Dering . think we a halt find some tea rea'ly _ library. I must show you the flowers wards, and Miss Trotter shall pick as as she likes." " . A t th» " But are you really allowed to pi " flowers ?' asked Cissy, her blue eyes ron with pretended awe. Hftveh t you ft gardener who keeps you in yout P P"During'laughed as he Jed the way| through the hall to the library.. He was P1-. ,jrgt excited as CiBsy herself. t W hen the an(j oocurred to bim of inviting Mre. Tr ute(j her daughters he bad immediately J it as impossible. And now ""5ffed, and the scarcely dreamed of-had happ* ^ el. the enjoyment of it was an entirely -; ~TTis excitement Rave him a Pprlpl,c^ n(.cession of strength, hia alight 8.pnrl°innke.1 leas fruil, his movements more "PT As lie threw open the library rloor, a alert. ? jj _ |lt one 0f the windows ;^jrrquS, and came towards the '"'.'.Mhink I need not introduce my friend, r i".e l'lowden," said Derm*; " he tells V , ], w often been at your house. . m» \V I v my dear Colonel Plowden ! cried "rdtter " what a surprne, and what ? plenX It must be a year sinoe we m- \n,l I have been to the other end of the «,M H11.1 back in that interval he w' Llie looked at Margaret. bhe had rr iminfully on seeing lum, but her han."i»p» his cordially and a smile of pleasure 8l1" An"' 'lire "you" staying here?" asked Mrs. Tr°Yes Mr. Der«ng and I met nt the Cape, mid were fellow-passengers home. I was 5nd« an old engagement to look him up lie,MIow very delightful!" , Cissy meanwhile was wandering round the r°" Mr Dering, this is like a room in a book. Dn let lis sit here always !" she exclaimed. ..Hv \ll means, if yo<i wish it, he ?mswered; " n"'1 now> Mrs. Trotter. I must Ll- wm id' liour out the t*a." Mrs Trotter cheerfully complied. Colonel Plowd'en's unexpected presence had given the linal touch to her contentment, lie it whose oiler of marriage Margaret had so incomprehensibly, so madly rejected, and he fact ol his having returned to Char minster seemed to imply that he intended rvinir his fortune a Becond time. With CiW settled neur her, and Margaret more tlnn respectably disposed of at a distance, Mrs. Trotter felt that she might rest con tentedly on her laurels. Colonel l'lowden, in spite of a command in" presence and a somewhat severe castot countenance, was one of the simplest and kindest of men. Life presented itself to liim in clear and uncomplicated outlines. He had two ruleB of conduct-to speak the truth as nearly as might be at all times and seasons, and to help the weak and suffering wherever he found them. He hated shams of all kinds, and therefore, by inference, he hated Mrs. Trotter. Cissy he eyed with sus picion, not knowing how far her genuineness was to he trusted. To Margaret he had given unreservedly the devotion of his middle-aged, but unspoilt, heart. Trans parently sincere himself, he had recognised in hertherintrof thetruegold ; gentleandcom passionate, he loved her for her large-hearted sympathy with every form of misery and pain. When in answer to his avowal a year a^o, Margaret had told him she did not love, and therefore could not marry him, he had suffered keenly. But he took his dismissal like a man, only privately resolving to try again after the lapse of a year. If he failert then, he would not trouble her more. The time of probation was spent in travel, and at the Cape he had fallen in with John Dering. The two men rapidly become intimate. Similarity of temperament is not necessary to a masculine friendship, however it may be with man and woman, and though there sepmed but little in common between the large framed and simple-minded Colonel and the neurotic ami more intellectual invalid, a warm liking sprang up between them. Dering was glad that his friend's visit chanced to coincide with that of Mrs. Trotter, and when he learnt that his euests were old acquaintances, everything seemed to promise well. After tea they all went out into the garden, and Cissy seized an opportunity to whisper mischievously t.o Margaret, "What tun to have your Colonel here, Madge! Now we only want an old fogey to talk to mother and then we should be complete." In truth Margaret wa3 both glad and sorry to see her old Iriend again. The very first evening they were together they fell back naturally, and as if there had been no break in their intercourse, into th< ir former friendly relations, lie devoting himself almost ex clusively to her, while Mrs. Trotter and Cissy entertained Dering with songs and music. He (Dering) talked little, for the simple reason that as the evening wore on he lie came overpowered by a mental and physical exhaustion against which effort was useless. His new guests could not, ol course, be ex pected to understand this, and he l>eg*n to wonder how he could make a move without waking up the little party. He lay back in Ins favourite chair, with half-closed eyes, patching. Mrs. Trotter was at the piano Playing an accompaniment for Cissy, who, he reflected idly, did noi look her best singing. » was a song he did not likp, too, and he wished she would stop. Oh, this awful wariness! Then his eyes passed to Margaret, and rested on her. She was 1 ressed in yellow, the soft yellow of autumn eaves, the loveliest contrast to dark brown i 'r an!> dark-fringed eyes. She was leaning tin... a littl'!' listening with absorbed atten uti 8°niething Colonel Plowden wussaying. mJ. ,R.Ca'm 'ace't was. and how restful was u'J0ut her' The very pose of her hIiu \ 8'ie leanpd to listen 1 Suddenly cum,. ;Ur.ne<! Iln(' met his eyes. A change cnn.* 8 . 8*,e 8aid something to her warH^H'011, a"'i t,lei' both rose and came to and ui ,e't to° done UP *o move, littletospS ',e8i(le h'8 °hair and bent a vou^°\Vm,'. Mr- Der'ng. We are tiring leave you ' )ou fi0 to >'our toom or let us "vmilf.1,1115 'lear.',>"ow'" added the colonel; now l* 8 w tOH 'flte for you. Come win' , 'U81 ln8l8t! Take my arm. The ladies '/excuse you," faimiv®' fiol Bn". Their voices came «elt an,i r ^ugi ? s1, and he roused hiin win'heii! LouV, ,P(* t',.e bp" at his side. " Blake "I'll ««ii- ' 8ai('» "thankyou, Plowden. Trotter." >0Ur arro ' <*on't ^istnrb Mrs. suramonsPP Pf?mPtly in answer to the master " . taking possession of his liim his * ^u,et» businosB-like way, gave Mai^Hretn.f'i'0.^ 10 the door. Involuntarily and the ]ut, ' ii . Iookwl at each other, " It'*,! ? shook his head. softly. case> Poor, dear fellow," he eaid !'wltM°on herifn y0j think-" the words a" answer. a 8^e mutely for tnuted/68' *es: *'8 aa had as that," he mur »°i! Tod«>nRton in Gloucester Sation of thi mar.k<>t. presents a com has been 7Se nn.«nber seven. It insists of 7nnnear8 ,n same family, ftu]*8 Of fruit fa^8.HCr98' a" ,noIades 700 Kjraed by u?l<n^£,8!1100i & P°'»r bear is re record. In eani!PI*M a fpat worthy ?ente, whoever ^ 8ett,e" plucky nerann ^hte the nennok-be ^"tled toPthe Bw?,?n» »»>ild-iB it gets onft \ ,the »«>»n who , Itlpty, B 18 °% the blubber, flesh, and 