THE SPIRIT AND THE BRIDE SAY COME. I By Rev. John McNeill. You know to whom you are invited. I am speaking to those who have heard of him for years. Most of us knew his name before we knew our own. We speak in a name of great authority. The Spirit says "Come." My Christless friend, my vacillating friend, my undecided friend, understand, please, once for all, that when the Gospel is preached to you more than man is at work on you. There are two of us at work on thee, U Chrittless soul I hope and to, the blessed Spirit, working where I cannot go, with His Divine hugers trying all the locks and springs and strings of that complex mechanism, The mind and heart, and imagination and conscience of a man. My text says, "The Spirit and the Bride say Come.' When is the Bride? All through the Scripture, Old Testament and New Testament alike, the Bride is spoken of as the whole company of God's true, saved, called, sanctified people, and what our text simply means is this that you are invited, not simply in the name of the Holy Spirit, for that might be too far off, and as I have said too hazy and nebulous, but it is the Spirit and the Bride -the Spirit with the Bride, the Spirit through the Bride. That is to Bay, He speaks to-night in the name of all who ever drew the breath of everlasting life. In their name, in the name of the Spirit of God who cannot be, and in the name of all whom He has ever quickened and brought to Christ, you are invited to come. Now, are you not well hidden? Just think of it for one moment, and ought there not to flash at last upon your soul this idea, the bona fides of God, and of God's people in that matter. We are in earnest-the Spirit and the Bride, that is to say, through me, through all like me who know Jesus Christ in their hearts as their living, loving Saviour by practical experimental knowledge. We are all summed up in this, and the Holy Ghost through us all is inviting you to come. I am speaking in the name of all who ever knew, and loved, and trusted Christ, whether they are yonder in glory or am now upon the face of the earth. " The Spirit and the Bride say Come." That is to say, O hesitating, unsaved men and women, if I could bring to this platform to-night all the redeemed from glory, and all who are now living the life of simple faith in Christ on the earth, and if they could all come and stand here, and if I could say to them, Ye who constitute the bride, the lamb's wife, there are men and women here who do not know Christ yet, what have you got to say ?" Every hand would turn over ; the Bible just to where we are, I believe, and every glorious voice would be lifted up in this one grand ringing welcome, "Comal | Gomez the bride say, 'Come to Christ's Go and preach, "Let him that heareth say come." How are we to do it I stand here, and I charge some of you, and I wish you to take in the charge. I do it lightly even at my heaviest-it will be done one day with tremendous force. I am afraid I am within the truth when I charge some of you, who yourselves have a sneaking interest in Jesus Christ, that you never yet have broken breath to urge the age of clay to come to Him. Never yet, "Well but," you say, preacher - well, you are right in the main, but you have no consideration. You know, preacher, that I am not a speaker." Speaker? You are far too much of a speaker, that is what is troubling you. Surely you could say. Come, if you can speak at all could you not And that is your text, and you are to stick to it, and you are not to divide it into one, two, three, and an application. It will not divide. Bless God, we have not such a simple text, and such a simple sermon, that we have just to give it as we have got it, " Como.'' Do not argue. Do not try to be clever. Above all, do not try to preach a modern sermon, and do not try to be eloquent, and it will be wonderful how very eloquent you will be when you are not trying to be, but are just standing with kindly voice and kindling eye, and kindling heart at a street corner or in some quiet lodging, sitting face to face with a friend, and saying, " Come, man, come, John, come to Christ." I tell you that that has saved mon when eloquent sermons have done nothing. " Let him that heareth say, come." You could surely do that. " Oh," you say, " I do not like to speak, and I am one of the quiet kind, who say so little." Yes, very likely, because you have nothing to say. Is not that why? My dear friend, if you know Christ how can you hold your tongue if you really know Him? We are forgetting what He said Himself in Israel. You remember how the children began to shout and cry; they got enthusiastic in their glad, free, untrammelled, unencumbered way. The children sang and shouted and praised Him and you remember what He said when they rebuked them. He said, " If those should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out." You are worse than the stones, for you stand on the top of them and will not let them speak. Oh, speak out His name if you know it. I tell you that heaven works behind the man who, in sincerity and truth says, " Come to Jesus," " And let him that is athirst come." Not done yet. It is a wonderful text this. " Let him that is athirst come." What does that mean ? Well, I think that it means this you are not need- ing to be asked to come if you are athirst What thirst does when it comes into your throat, spiritual anxiety should do when it comes into your heart. Now what does thirst in the throat do ? Is not thirst in the throat, when it manifests itself, just an unspoken invitation to come and drink ? And you obey flints ítAlritatinn <4n Int Farm that. a spiritually athirst. It is a word addressed to those who are anxious, I trust the great bulk of the meeting. You are anxious, you say, to be a Christian ; you would like to comE. Well, there is the text, " Let him that is athirst come." What is hindering you The Lord has brought you a long way forward, my friend, if you are really anxious if you are really wanting to be saved. John Bunyan tells us that he was in such a state about sin that he envied the crows upon the ploughed land, because they were not sinners against the Holy God and he was. God may not let loose such tenors upon your soul, for you are not John Bunyan. You are only John Brown, a far smaller man and if God let loose upon you the pains and pangs of the world to come. He would drive you to despair. Thank God that He does not de " mand from all of us that amount of anxiety that He produces in others. But are you anxious ? Have you an honest desire to be a Christian ? Well, that is the same in your soul that this would be in your throat. It 'is no intrilnHnn in arms The spirit and in all anxious souls, " What is keeping you back? You are anxious to be saved. Be saved." You are anxious to trust Christ. Trust Him to the hilt. Trust Him to the full. Take Him as much as you like. He will never put you to confusion. Let him that is athirst thank God that he is that length, and let him come all the remaining distance. Finish the matter. " Let him that is athirst come." And what is last ? " Whosoever will," that is lost. Ah You see this, my friend and it you are a preacher of the Gospel you would soon find it out; state the Gospel as plainly, as fully, as freely, as absolutely, unconditionally as you please, There is aye a condition. It is not in him ; it is in you ; it is there "Whosoever will." It is narrowed down to that. Are you willing? Here you must begin. Are you willing, without anxiety, without tearing your hair or your garment, without moving a muscle, without any throbbing of anxiety, in calm, cool, quiet blood ? Can you make a decision in the affairs of this world we are sometimes greatly excited, and we make our decision under spells of great excitement, but in others of our great decisions, it is not so. There are people who make great decisions without any tumultuous working in their breasts. It is at simple yes or no that alters and changes the destiny of two lives. And the Lord Jesus Christ blessed be His name for it for ever does not come to you and say, " Now, I am willing to take you if. you really Set anxious, if you really are thirsting for le as the hart pants after the water brooks, or like a famished man hungry for bread." There are some of you here I say there are some men and women here, and I do not say old, hoary-headed sinners, for they may be young men and young women, with very fair and winsome faces, who may be very thankful that the Lord does not demand as a condition of salvation that you should be filled with desire for Him. While I was preaching about those who were thirsty you could almost have stood up and said, '. Well, preacher, if you only knew how stone dead my heart is to Christ, to win as a painful conviction, and to salvation if you only knew how utterly destitute I am of spiritual desire, spiritual thirst, your heart would fail you to preach to a face like mine." Do not make any mistake, my friend. I do know 1-. 1- 6-1 J J_.L. _".. ".." f Irnnu, just now seen the little, tub sure. I news because I know myself. That is why the Gospel in narrowed down to this. While you are sitting there in your coldness, your accursed coldness, sitting there in your indifference, let God himself move on you to this extent that you just put your hand in Christ's and say, " Yee," "Whosoever will." Without excitement, without anxiety, can you make a decision? 'Come now to the Lord Jesus Christ and accept him. He places himself at your disposal. It is just like the marriage ceremony. 1 incline to magnify my office and say, that I am the officiating clergyman. There stands the Son of God, that heavenly wonder of souls of men, and there you stand, and I say to Him, " Art thou willing to take this soul to be thine? Willing; let the cross and the agony, and the shame, and the spitting testify that I am willing." I turn to you, " New man, woman, are you willing to give yourself to this Christ- r rr Whosoever will." "Yes." Then it is done. It you are blowing your heart and saying in the deep places of your souls, " Yes," then it is done, and there is joy in the presence of the angels of God became shot her dinner by come to Christ. 