SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? BY SKIFF BOBLASE, Anthor of "For True Love's Sake,""Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death,"* "An Ocean Secret," " Recalled to Life," "Riches to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameronf " The Polioe Minister," &c.; CHAPTER LXXXII. SEARCHING THE NUNNERY. THE "BOTTOMLESS PIT." ALAB1C AND FLIGHT. The Rev. Diok Bellos was, to uss a modem slang but forcible expression, "all there" whan old John Radoliffe broke in upon him jnit as as he was having his final pipe and glass of grog before going to bed ; for anything in tbe shape of a hunt was exactly to the parson's taste; and though he would doubtless have preferred the prospeot of unearthing a fox, as being an animal calonl&ted; in every way to afford better sport than a girl, yet to him poor sport was better than no sport, and he had a kind heart in addition, and so was ever ready to do a good turn to his felloworeatures. The result was that he woke up his manservant, and sent him off to roueethe sexton and clerk, observing naively the while "it was as well to have all the searchers connected with the Cburch in some way or other, sinoe ghosts would natnrallv have a greater respeet for them than for other folks, and for the sexton perhaps, especially as being a kind of connecting link between this world and the next." Having thus expressed himself, he bade old John be silent, and began diligently to study the "Order" for the laying of evil spirits, ghosts, and spectres, which fully occupied him until the volunteers, or rather the pressed men, had all arrived—the clerk with a big Bible under his arm and a scrap of palm (saved from last Palm Sunday) in his waistcoat pocket, whilst the sexton shouldered a spade, perhaps as being more in his line, or perchance under the impression that when the parson had laid the spirits they'd have to be buried, just as though they were bodies. As for the servant man, he had tucked his master's heavy ebonv bootjack under his arm, whioh looked to be a very fitting instrument to manufacture a ghost out of a Jiving man with, but scarcely adapted fo» the changing of an actual ghost into anything either better or worse. Old Jehn, who believed J in no kind of spirits whatever exoepfe rum, gin, hollands, and brandy, would have pooh-poohed all these preliminaries but for fear of giving the parson offenoe; yet he nevertheless insisted that' plenty of candles and a good length of rope should be taken with them in addition. Well, the parly presently set forth, and in the oourse of a quarter of an hour reached Ghost-lane, the parson observing as they passed the Town Cross (which he had planted with so much ceremony the preoeding night) that perhaps it had not been there long enough to exert much influence in those rooms of the haunted mansion whose windows faoed another direction. They had oalled at the pinners in passing for the loan of the keys; but Jim Nuttall, upon learning or rather obtaining an inkling of what was "up, had insisted upon being one of the exploring party,(for which he had very good reasons, as the reader will iearn anon. Upon - being admitted by tbe pinner into the old house, the party, strong in numbers, with their courage also strong owing to tbe presence of the redoubtable parson,, who had worsted even the. devil in single combat, lighted their canilles and commenced a thprough search of the premises from cellar to attic, but nothing save another candle—a oommon dip—which three mice were busy supping on, though those diminutive rodents beat a pracipitate retreat on being discovered. The secret chamber, with the reputed—and by most folks firmly believed in—bottomless pit yawniBg like a Brobdignagian rat hole on one side of it, was at last entered and ehudderingly surveyed. Perhaps the searchers had put off viBiting that spebial room to the last in the hope that they might not have to enter it at all. \- At length, however, it had become a positive certainty that if the missing girl was in the old house she must be at the bottom of that yawning gulf, which, bearing in mind the charaoter that the ill-reputed manBien had for so long borne, looked as though it led down to hell itself. To test its depth the rope was let down, but although 'twas of great length no bottom seemed to have been reached when it was eatirely paid ont. The sexton was next instructed to get a loose brick out of tbe fireplace of the adjoining apartment with his spade and drop it down the abyss, in the hope of obtaining Bome idea of its depth from the number of reverberations that it made in its descent, &o.; When it was thrown in, it and the echoes that it awakened made a most frightful and unearthly noise between them, but the sounds seemed to be caused by a hopping rather than a falling mass, and Jim Nuttall, the pinner, thereupon exclaimed— " It seemB to go of a slope instead of sheer down like a well or a mine shaft, for tbe briok has come to a gradual stop. Give me a double turn of the rope around my waist, aad tail on all of you to the other end of it, and I'll be lowered down with a lighted candle in my hand. Should I yell out haul me up as quiokly as yon oan, for the pit may be full of foul air don't you see, and that'll rob a man of his breath and bis life in next to no time. But as long as my oandle'U burn that'll be all right." < The sturdy volunteer was lowered down into the hole and almost at onoe lost to sight. That; fact alone showed that it was not quite perpendicular, or else bis oandle would have oontinued visible. Every one listened, however, with hated breath to hear his voice oome up out of the gulf afad what it said, and every one felt relieved when it presently did come up, though it only shouted in gaBping and apparently ohoking tones— "Haul up! haul up !" The listeners tailed on to the rope with a will then, and presently had the bold adventurer out of the pit and on te the floor, looking very pale, trembling all over, and struggling hard as though to get baok his breath. It had been observed, even whilst polling him up, that his candle had unmistakably gone out, and the murmur now went round of " Foul air!" Directly J im Nuttall was able to answer questions they were put to him thiek and fast, especially by the nowalmostmaddened father, but the pith of his replies was to the effect that tbe air down the hole wasn't euoh as any human being could breathe and live, that it did not seam to him as though he had been lowered a quarter of the way to the bottom, that there were sharp jagged outward jutting rooks that would out any rope in two that was let down much further, and that there was a red glow, like fire, coming, as it appeared to him, from miles lower' down; after which astounding statements he hazarded the suggestion that the awful chasm might havebeen made, or at all events deepened, by the earthquake which fifteen years previously had given Rochdale such a shaking, and that perhaps it . led down into the heart of some voloano that the town was built atop of, or even into hell itself, and if the latter, 'twas little wonder that devils, goblins, and ghosts had been accustomed to come from thence -up tha hole to take a peep at the world out of the haunted Nunnery windows. The reader, knowing all about the subterranean, will, of oourse, be thoroughly aware that Jim Nuttall was spinning a perfeot tissue of the most audacious falsehoods, but hiB listeners never suspeoted anything of the kind, for the age was such a superstitious one that eveg a muoh more ridiculous rigmarole of nonsense would have been credited, more especially when told amidst suoh dismal surroundings. And yet, come to think, was that age a much more benighted one than the present, when, not a month ago, the author of this tale heard the statement gravely made, and by many aB gravely credited, at an evening party of educated, intelligent people, that both Miss Braddon and Witkie Collins wrote their novels under spirit guidence, and he was assured that if he would oeme of a night to the house of a certain mast "grave and reverend eeigner," who was one of the company assembled, and held a regular biweekly seance, the disembodied spirits of either Diokens or Bulwer Lytton would very probably help him on to affluence and fame I* which assertion was neither oballenged nor laughed at, and was just as palpably believed. The effect of Jim Nuttall's disclosures was that poor old Mr. Radoliffe, affected doubtless also by the previous excitements of that most eventful evening, went suddenly to all appeara&oag; raving mad, saw devilB moping, grinning, and dancing around him of every conceivable shape and colour, and commenced to eoream out that they were trying to drag him into snd down the hole, the simple faot being that delirium tremenB or, as it is more oommonly and far more foroibly called, the horrors, had seized upon him for its prey. The old man's soreams and shrieks of horror and terror oame, however, as an appropriate climax to Jim Nuttall's astounding yarn, and provoked a general stampede out of the haunted Nunnery, even Parson Diok, the redoubted wreBtler with and viotor over Satan, and tbe layer of evil spirits as well, proving in this moment of severe trial to be just as big aooward as any of the others. Rope, candles, flint, and steel, and indeed nearly everything elae that they had brought, was left behind, and when the last man bad apparently issued forth from the gloomy eld pile, the look was heard to soroop aB it was turned in the outer door by an unseen band, and then a psal of ohuokline, malignant, and Satanio laughter came forth through the big keyhole, causing the rearmost of the retreating party to hurry forward and quiokly become its van. * Should tliis tale greatly improve in its closing chapters the reader may conclude tha invitatlenh&s; been accepted. No one observed that Jim Nuttall was oa longer with them, and had they done so the/ would one and all have doubtless oome \ta the conclusion that Old Niok bad got him beyond all possibility ef rescue, and that it would be the wisest and the safest plan (as far at all events as tbey were concerned) to let him be. So Ghost Lane was hurried through, and the town as quiokly as possible gained, aad finally Mr. Radcliffe was conveyed, raving aa ha went, back to the Old House in the Wood by Parson Diok and his man servant, whilst tbe parish olerk and the gravedigger, after trying in vain to discover an open public- house,_ separated, and each made off in the direotion of his home, wondering as he went what the world could possibly becoming to. As for Mrs. Radoliffe, she was almost as ahooksd by the condition in which ber husband was brought home to her aa she was by the tale to whioh she had to listen concerning the (probable fate of her daughter; but this was in the main because she did not believatf that tale, owing to her instinct rather than her reason telling her that it was not true ; but then instinot, or rather intuitive perception, is a very strong characteristic of • woman's nature, and often strikes at the truth quicker than does even the wisdom of the sage. At last parson Bellos in turn had to hear all about the burglary that had been perpetrated by H&leamus; Greenwood, with an aooonnt of its design and itB disastrous result, muoh of which was of course to him a twice-told tale : but the worthy divine declared that armed burglars couldn't expect and didn't deserve . any better fate, and that she needn't be at all afraid of her husband getting into any trouble over the matter, beoause the law of it was on his aide, whilst as for the rast, that WM to say bis present condition, he aoj his man would •it up with him during the remainder of tha night, and by the morning he would deubtles* be muoh better, m ptophecy whioh turned ont a true one. 