NEW ZEALAND NOTES. BY YOBICK. MOMKNTOUS LEGISLATION. The Bank Bill, which has passed both Houses, has been the excitement of the ses sion, indeed, the Parliament of New Zealand has never known such excitement before. There was much straggling and heartburning to get on the committee of inquiry into the position of the bank; and for, perhaps, the first time in the history of politics the com mittee went through its work observing the silence of the grave. Everyone of the com mitteemen kept aloof from members of the House; which aloofness Bome of them, I have reason to know, now rather bitterly re gret it, for they lost touch with the House, and came to a conclusion upon evidence all poured in from one side. Of the committee's report yon no donbt know the main recom mendations, which have since been accepted with much discontent and mutinous out breaks. There were three proposals before the com mittee-one by the directors of the bank, another by Treasurer Ward, and a third by Sir Robert Stout, who was a member of com mittee. The last two were mere variations of the directors' proposals, as was ultimately the scheme adopted by the committee. Briefly it committed the colony to another sum of £3,200,000 in support of the bank in addition to the two millions of last year. Of the £3,200,000, £2,700,000 goes for the pur chase of the greater portion (all the Aus tralian properties are omitted) of the cele brated globo assets which have hung in mill stone fashion round the neck of the bank fc so many years. The amount represents not their actual but their nominal value in the bank's books. The actual value is assumed to be £1,800,000, but even that is based on a valuation of four years ego, and will quite certainly be subject to heavy de ductions. The remainder is made up of half a million q! preferential shpreB which the Govefcft^ent has to subscribe. All the bank's pwnfca}^-ga"ppnital is Written off for past lobsesk, knilLthe ihBtituti^n starts afresh V*&>4,he public mon^jyThus the people or^Ng^r iJeatymd( jfcaire* bfM?n made to guarantee £S,20P;(k)0' forjihtf' bank, their security being the globo assets as they may be realised and a sort of mortgage over the reserve, half of which (£500,000) is to be called up within two years. The remaining security-if such it can be called-consists in future payments of £50,000 a year out of the profits of the bank. The business of the Colonial Bank is to be purchased for the pur pose (asis alleged) of destroying competition, enlarging the area of business, and effecting economies in management PUBLIC OPINION DISTRUSTFUL. The attitude of the public seems to be one of contentment; but 1 do not hesitate to say that underneath the apathy is a sense of deep dissatisfaction. When the position of a bank is in question every one. in stinctively feels that he ought to rush in with bis opinion, fiut except from those who are | directly interested I have heard absolutely nothing but muttered curses at the whole business. If the referendum had been in existence the scheme would not have had the ghost of a show. This feeling was well known in the House. A large number of the Government following revolted outright, and those who felt constrained to stick to their allegiance did so with an extremely bad grace, relieving their ieelings by roundly de nouncing what they were assenting to. Captain Russell and two other Oppositionists were on the oommittee, and unwillingly agreed to the scheme, bnt they failed to carry the Opposition with them, the feeling among that body generally being that they hare been betrayed. Mr. Seddon and Mr. Ward for in a business of this sort the other members of the Government scarcely count have had a shaking that I do not believe they will ever recover. Their hopeless inca pacity in failing to grasp the position last year, when they light-heartedly granted two millions of public money to place the bank in a " perfectly sound position " is freely com mented apon, and it is altogether too obvious to escape the notice even of those-and their name is legion-who do'not understand the technicalities of the matter AS it now stands. The popular mind clearly graspB the fact that last year the Government was " properly had" by Mr. Murray, the bank's agent, who iB now peacefully carrying on an ostrich farm in South Africa. But all the sound-headed business men with whom I have spoken have all through condemned the business, and declared that in spite of the two millions of laRt year-now admitted to be lost liquidation was the proper thing, and would have been infinitely the cheapest to the colony in the end. It is pointed out that the colony is fairly in with the bank now and cannot draw back ; that the sole security is really the hope or the belief that the bank will flourish ; that we cannot possibly know what we are taking over in the Colonial Bank; and that though we buy the latter concern there is no security that its clients will stick to the new institution. Much feel ing hitherto latent (I confess I have been astonished at the extent of it) has revealed itself against a state bank, or any intimate connection between the Government and a bonk. This feeling has evidently been made known to the directors of the Bank of New Zealand, for in the half yearly meeting just held one of them went out of his wny to declare that be would consider himself unworthy of the position if it were possible he could be in duced to divulge anything in connection with the affairs of the institution. Much uneasy feeling gathers about the president, who is an officer of the Btate. I do not, however, think there is anything in this, for the president is a thorough banker and an independent man, who knows the supreme virtues of secrecy in banking affairs. As for the dread of liquidation, there is among well-instructed businessmen an almost universal belief that it has been used as a bogey to frighten people to assent to the new scheme. In this connection the committee's report,now printed and spread abroad, reveals a very curious circumstance. It appears that Captain Russell moved that the chief officers of the various banks and business companies in Wellington should be summoned to give evidence as to the probable effect of liqui dation. This was objected to by Mr. Seddon on the gronnd that the inquiry was not within the order of reference. When it was pointed ont that the order of reference conld easily be iamended by the House, the Premier declared there was not time. Thus one whole side of the inquiry was burked by a mere technicality, Bhowing that the Govern ment set up the committee with the determi nation that it Bhould report in the direction of keeping the bank going at any cost. Most earnestly do I hope that all will turn out well, but it would be quite impossible to overstate the misgiving that is now the pre vailing feeling, and the indignation that is felt with a Government which, riding into power on all sorts of blatant catchpenny shibboleths about destroy ing financial monopolies and bursting up the wealthy with taxation, has ended in making us swallow entire two banks and a huge insolvent company. The next general election, which takes place 14 monthB hence, will show (or I am much mistaken) that the spurious " Liberalism" of which we have heard so much in New Zealand is pretty well played out. COMPULSORT LAND TAKING. The first case of real compulsory land taking has juBt been finished in the Arbitra tion Court, the president of which is a Supreme Court judge. Hitherto all the private land resumed has been by no means taken nnder compulsion, but rather the contrary. Needy landowners, or owners of not very good properties, have rushed the Government with offers to sell, and bad far too much success. The present case is different. The property is Ardgowan, near Oamaru, of some 4,000 acres, belonging to the New Zealand and Australian Land Company. Having Issued a gazette notice that they intended taking the estate, the Government offered £7 per acre, but the company demanded £10. The land tax value was much less than this, but the company based their claim upon the fact that while land tix values might approach the intrinsic value, they were in the habit of working the property in connection with others in the neighbourhood, and that in that view the property was worth to them the amount claimed. Both parties to the suit brought a cloud of witnesses, and the court ultimately awarded £8 2s. 6d. per acre. This is the first case so far as I know in British dominions where private property has been forcibly taken from cne set of owners to sell it to another set for utilisa tion as farming land, and it is not regarded with any enthusiasm. Every body sees now that a policy of the kind shakes confidence ana locks up public trfli&ey; (hat would be far better spent on'un finished railways. It is felt to be folly to do all this while there areliundreds of thousands of acres of private land in the market. Here I may mention what I have on such very good authority that I cannot doubt the accuracy of it, that when the bank com mittee was sitting, and the question was being discussed whether it would be safe foi the Government to advance £2,700,000 against the bank's globo assets (large por tion of which is in the form of estates) it was actually proposed these lands should be exempt both from the graduated land tax and Iroro compulsory seizure. I believe that Mr. Ward was rather favourable to the idea until it was scouted by the committee as absurd. But the very proposition affords a curious commentary upon the policy so much vaunted a year or two ago, and which was expected to do BO much for New Zealand. A J0VENTLE SCrCrDE. I do not know whether statistics Bhow that the tendency to self destruction is grow ing among New Zealanders, but by the reports of the newspapers it looks un commonly like it. Among several coses re ported within the last few days an attempted suicide in Dunedin was of a very curious character. A lad of 18 had been convicted some time ago of stealing a saddle and bridle, but was released on probation as a first offender. The other day he was out amusing himself with other lads, when he said to one of them that he was going to run over to a shop to buy some rope and would be back in a minute or two. He handed the boy 8" letter which he wished him to deliver to his mother, but suggesting that there was no need to be in any hurry about it. TLie boy who got the letter happened to go straight with it to the mother, not because he had the smallest suspicion of its contents, but simply to get it off his hands. The letter stated that the writer would be found hang ing to a gum tree by the side of a particular road. The mother with some others went instantly to the spot and were able to cut the boy down to save him. His letter had been delivered sooner than he anticipated. The probation clause of the First Offenders' Act is largely used now, but there can be no doubt that youthful crime is growing, and there is some doubt whether the act is not working mischief, in that it teaches the young that they can sin at least once with impunity. THE longest unbroken stretch of telegraphio cable ia the world is one which connects the Ked Sea with India. The weight of iron em ployed in its construction was not less than 01,126,7141b., while the copper weighed 547,4041b.; 3,590 knots was the total length of cable used. 