[NOW FIBST PUBLISHED.] THE ULTIMATUM OF CAPTAIN FAGUS. - By Ernest OlanvUle. . Author of "The Lost Heiress," "The ffosBiekers," &o.;, «fco. [COPTBIGHT.] Durban, Port Natal, ia 1879 was a gay And festive town. v The hotels were crammed with war- riors, the lodging houses were etnffed with beds almost to bnrsting, and the very goal was cleaned out by iho white coated Zulu police for the accommodation of timid strangers. If report is to be credited, a very high ofhcial indeed took up hiB feather bed, in that time of scares, and sought safety every night within the thick walls of the prison. Young officers camped out eu the lawn of the Rojal Hotel. All day'long there was the click of ivory balls, the genial popping ot champagne corks, the clank of sabres and the §iugie of *)mrs. Through the drowsy ntternoons smart traps rotlod out from i lie yard and went spinning through tim leal y mads of the Borea, driven by military nnuiloscripl«, "with high collais and waxed moustaches. Ladies vjith sparkling eyes «»id hair of a palo yellow held court, and always had at beck and call a string of gay cavaliers.^ Some three weeks after Ui.rf.di, I sat on a verandah overlooking a wide court, wherein a horse dealer from Buenos Ayres was entertaining a crowd of idlers. ^ He bad a high shouldered mustang which he had brought over as a specimen of the troopers he could supply, and was showing the various uses to which his wonderful saddle could be put. Sus- pended lrora either end by a lariat, > it »|nad£ a. serviceable hammock ; spread out Then he made a cast with his lasso, and swung the bolus, a feat which one of the spectators attempted with signal disaster to his own limbs. ' Divil take the thing,' he exclaimed as he endeavoured to untie himself. ' Won't someone loose me P' Nobody did, all being to J tired from laughter to help; s»> he spun bimself round, and the bolus, unwinding, dealt out hard knocks to the helpless crowd. 'It'sos I towld you,' ne said. 'I'm good at this, and what a lovely weapon t'would prove in a foight.' Skipping away from the crowd he dropped into a cane chair beside me aud offered me a cigar, as though he bad known me all mylife. * The la¡*y beggars,' he said, ' they wanted stirring up, and I did it for them illigantly. I'm Captain Fagus of the Oirish Blower, and am delighted to make the acquaintance of a fellow correspond- ent. Yon needn't inthroduce yourself. I know who you are. I just inquired of the barman, and by the same token I'm dhry.' He whistled to a waiter and called for two whisky squashes. Captain Fagas was a good looking fellow, with a smooth face, flexible mouth and a pair of bright, merry, roving black eyes. I felt at home with him at once. 41 heard you were here mooning away like a sick dog*-»excuse the simile-and I straightway trama along, for companion- ship's a moighty foina pick-me-up, Heigho! It raeself that's in need of brightening/ He did not look it. In fact he winked at á pretty coolie girl who went by with a dish of piua apples. I remarked that he seemed cheerful enough. ' Appearances are deceptive. What ud ye think if I towld yes. I was ia love P' He looked at me seriously. * Ay, that's the truth. It's love that's killing me, with all ita distressful circumstances. But how was it with you in the war P Business first aud pleasure after.' Wo fell into a talk about the advance on Ulundi, and he let me into some secrets for the making of reputations. ' I wa« with the crawling column on the coast, bat, bad luck to it, the divil a chance had I to distinguish myself ; but I tell you I made the best of my oppor- tunities.' .How was that ?' * D'ye see, it was this way. I wrote scrappy paragraphs for the Service .papers, and always bound the editor in return to say something civil about myself -something like this : " We are glad to hear from Captain Fagus, that smart correspondent, that the men in Znlnland aro in good health and spirits." Or this. " We hear from Captain Fagus, that ex- cellent war correspondent, ¿too." I would also write letters'to the Times with my full signature and description.' * And how did that help P' 'How, indeedP Exense me. bnt you are young. Wby, people would say . '* Who, in thunder, itrOaptain Fagus P" and, may be some clever know-all would reply : "Oh ! don'tchorknow he's the famous correspondent for the Oiriah Blower." Get yourself talked about, me bhoy, and your fame is made, and if no one else will do that service for you, do it yourself-of ten.' " That's simple, isn't it P' "Maybe. Bnt it requires judgment, tact, and the help of an incident now and again. There me luck deserted me. What I wanted was an opportunity to win the V. 0.; just one-and believe me, no one gave me the ghost of a chance. At -Ginginhlove I was burning to make a bould sortie from the laager and rescue som« wounded soldier*», but hang me for a Fayniau it one nd ex- pose himself. Nu, sir-aud that's the truth.' (Concluded in our next.) 