Joics and Comments., By Royal JIlksd. It is noted that there is only one flock of pure merino sheep in England. There were twenty-one applications received by the Roma hospital committee for the positions of wardsman and matron to that institution. The successful applicants were of the Brisbane hospital. The honor of being the oldeBt alder man in Queensland, is given to Mr. K C. Hodel, senior. He is now 76 years of age, and lias re sided in the north for 30 years, of winch 21 years were put in at Cooktown. Shearing commenced early in the j present month at Wliyenbah station, St. George district, with a full board of 32 shearers. The agreement was signed without a murmur, and if the manager required them he could have got 300 men. If there are a great number of un employed in Melbourne, it docs not cost them . much to get something to eat. A 41b. loaf of bread is now selling at 2d. (we pay 5d. for a 2lb. loaf in Barcaldine), and mutton is ticketed | in the shops at Id. per lb. At the Madras races held towards the end of January, nine out of the 12 races on the card were won by Australian-bred horses j or ponies, the names of the winners being Meg, Minnihaha, Sir llryan, Maccaroon (twice), Wellington, Harlequin, Luckstone, and Shears. A Melbourne paper points out that owing to lower prices paid for importa tions, the people of Cireat Britain paid £W,000.000 less last year for the same quantity of goods as was imported in 1801. The differ ence in the price of wool helped to make up that fourteen millions, I suppose. I hear that Mr. Jim Page's dog " Jack," who got his owner into trouble through biting a Chinaman, answered formerly t» the name of " Jap," constant use having cor- | rupted it into "Jack." This explains the seeming antipathy to Chinamen, and it is pro bable the dog will again become known as " Jap." A Victorian paper has discovered the interesting fact that Piiillipson, one of the English cricketers, has become engaged to a Toorak heiress. If this is true, Phillipson de serves congratulation on two counts—first the engagement, second the heaven born perspic acity which enabled him now-a-days to find an heiress in Toorak. The art of cutting things fine is evidently well understood in the Melbourne suburb called Kew. A local resident has secured the municipal cartage work by tender ing for it at the rate of 5s. lOd. per day remuneration for the services of man, liorse, and dray. It would be interesting to know what the man's share will amount to after tile | contractor has made his profit. The statement that there is a silver lining to ereiy cloud is generally trotted out; to figure in a consolatory manner in circum- I stances where the advent of better times in the sweet by- and-byedoes not look very promising; but if we could promise just as fluently that there will also be a silver lining to every pocket, it would be much more satisfactory. A Brisbane paper declares that the Worker recently said that Mr. O. It. Fitzgerald, of Longreach, was laid up with fever in Tas mania. I wonder what lie was doing there ? 1 suppose it was only his ghost that was ! ■ buzzing about in the Longreach police court last week, or it might be that Mr. Fitzgerald suddenly recovered and came back home by telegraph. The Brisbane Sun heads a column of paragraphs " Sunbeams," to which I turned with anticipation, expecting something good after a title which means all that is pleasant and bright. For instance, a lively, pretty, and amiable little girl is called a " Sunbeam." But the verv first item was this :—" Thirty men burned'to death in a Spanish mine." Wiat | sort of a " Sunbeam " is that ? Since the Republic was constituted in 1870. there have been no fewer than 32 | Ministries in France—enough, one would think, to satisfy even the unstable French. Two of the five Presidents during that period have been practically forced to resign, one died, and one was murdered. M. Casimir-Perier, the last, resigned in disgust. The young Due d'Orleans may yet be King of Franco. A great programme of sports was •disposed of at Clermont on St. Patrick's Day, ' liut was not connected with the Hibernians, the <iay's fun being promoted by Mr. Fred Comley. There were eighteen events, plenty of sport and ] toys for boys and girls, plenty of hot water for picnic parties, and a floor put down for those who liked dancing. The sports committee at Barcaldine might think of putting down a •dancing floor for next St. Patrick's Day. . In the past three years the popula tion of Melbourne and suburbs has decreased 151,Ml. This must mean a terrible array of fltnpty houses, the rent from which was perhaps the chief source of income of numerous people of the middle class, who thus feci the pinch of hard times as much as the class who own no property and cannot get any work to do. [A recent count gave 13,000 empty houses.—Ed.] In referring to the Queensland live cattle trade, the Loudon Lin. Stock Journal says that " no colony or country that has adopted the system of inoculation for pleuro-pneumonia need expect to have its cattle freely admitted into the United Kingdom. While admiring the attractive looking procession of Hibernians, Foresters, and Oddfellows at liarcaldine last Monday, I commenced to wonder which society was first established. I thought at first it was the " Ancient" order of Foresters, but since dis covered that the Oddfellows are easily first. It has been proved that Adam was the first Oddfellow, but when he took Eve into partner ship, lie ceased to be of the Independent Order. The fifth test match played between Stoddart's eleven and the Australians, makes the 22nd match in this country in which the respective sides were representatives of Aus tralia and the Mother Country, the first game having taken place at Melbourne so far back as March, 1877, when Hannermaa contributed 165, and the Australians won by 45 runs. Of the series England can claim thirteen wins and Australia eight, the other gatne being recorded as a draw. Thet have coined a new word in England now, which is considered a very ex pressive one. In reference to it it is explained that to " Balfour" anyone is to diddle them by means of a public company, or to gerrymander books, or to play deceitful commercial tricks. To boycott came into use in a very similar way; at first <|uietly, ami then with a rush. To " Balfour" is destined, I predict, to stay with us just as long. The real Balfour, how ever, blows new words, but followeth not him self. A Sydney paper thus disposes of Queensland's weather prognosticate, who has been referred to as Inclement Wragge.and Wet Wragge, and whom some of us would like to see liurry up with our rainy season:—Mr. Clement Wragge is about the last man in the world one would suspect of being the astrono mical genius of Australia. Re is a most unpre tentious looking man. comparatively young, rather thin, of medium height, whilst in dress he shows a marked disdain for fashion and fit. Genius takes all shapes. . The superintendent of the New South Wales Labor Bureau was promised a funeral in Sydney the other day, with himself occupying the place of honor. He received through the post a letter written as follows "Macaonaldtown, February 13, '95. Mr. Cheer, —I suppose you know already that your time will be very short en this World, as i been tult from several of the Cnemployed that your Funeral will take place next Week. Some our is getting a bullet through your head so better make pnpperation and look out." Some of our modern members of Parliament would be rather astonished if ancient laws regulating their procedure were now exercised, and one cannot help wondering what would have been the fate of some of the members of the Queensland Labor party if they carried on in 1626 like they did last session. In 1626 Mr. Moor was sent to the Tower for speaking out of season. Sir William i Widrington and Sir Herbert Price, at a later date, were sent to the Tower for bringing in candles against the desires of the House. j The other day a former employee] of the Champion, who was learning to ride, Was thrown from a horse and nearly killed. This week another young fellow employed at the office, who is none too well up in the manage ment of a horse, went for a ride, and had Doctor Symes with him. Plenty of humorous remarks "were made about what a'wise thing it was to do, and that such a precautionary measure was well thought of, &c.; Hut the fact was, both went shooting together, and the doctor did not go for the purpose of taking care of "our Johnny." j Down in Victoria a constable sent a letter to the Nunawading Council requesting permission to ride a bicycle on the footpaths m the outlying parts when he was on duty. He informed the Council that lie had bought a bicycle at a cost of £20 with the object of catching fowl-stoalers and other thieves who made it a practice of visiting the neighbor hood at night. The district over which lie had to travel was so large that it was impossible for him to get over it on foot, and the roads were too rough in many places for him to travel by. Tne council thought the request was a reasonable one and granted it. Where will she stop? Who shall venture to put a limit to the aspirations and the energies of the New Woman ? It was bad enough when she invaded the surgery, donned the barrister's wig, and stormed the platform ; but these various avocations do not afford sufficient field for her energies. We contem plate her from afar forcing her way into Par liament and ascending the Bench. A ladies' cricket club is no new thing, but wc had thought to draw the line at football. No such tiling. Lady Florence Dixie lias become presi dent of the Association Football Cluh for Ladies, organised in North London. There appears to have been a bit of a rumpus between the Mayor and a constable at Scarsdale. near Bailarat, by which the dignity which doth hedge in a Mayor must have suffered considerably. The constable had arrested a man for drunkenness, and while taking him to the lockup his Worship came up and asked the policeman to let the man go and he (the Mayor) would be responsible for iiis ap pearance. The constable thereupon locked up the Mayor as well; but he was immediately bailed out. Then an altercation between the Mayor and constable ensued, with the result that the Mayor was again locked up and im mediately balled out again. All meals fourpence; board and residence, with plunge and shower baths, twelve shillings a week," is the wording of a signboard on a very respectable-looking estab lishment in George-street, Sydney. " Mel bourne beats even that," said a gentleman who had just returned from the Victorian capital; "while there I used to watch the fellows pouring in a regular stream into one place where steak and onions and a long beer were sold for threepence the lot." Tins beats the Sydney five course French dinner and small bottle of wine for ninepence. Some of the Barcaldine youug ladies were having an argument about whiskers and kissing the other day. Ono young thing about 17 considered that as a rule men look better and are more admired by ladies when thev wear moustaches only (those scrubby beards which everybody has taken to growing lately will have to comc off now), although some faces are certainly improved by well-kept, pointed, small beards and whiskers. A beard only, with the rest of the fane shaved, was, in her opinion, repulsive, no matter how trimmed and arranged. She did not like clean-shaved men, and declared " a kiss without a moustache is like an egg without saltalthough of course, she had never tried a-a-an egg without salt. An amusing incident is reported to have occurred at the speech-making after the fifth test match. GifFen said he did not be grudge the Englishmen their victory, because, though we are not English, " we are sprouts from a grand old trunk" His hopes had been high on the previous night, when, as a matter of fact, he did not think the English score would beat 200, though he did not say so; but all he could do now was to hope that some future Australian team would turn the tables on English soil. There was a pause just then as if the Australian captain was stumped for something more to say, and then lie blurted out good-Tmmorodly, "'Well, gentlemen, you'll excuse me, but the fact is I prepared a winning speech." England is a musical country right enough. In the Service there are altogether about one hundred and forty-six infantry bands, of which three belong to the Foot Guards, one each to the Artillery and Engineers, and the remainder to the infantry of the line. The cavalry, including the household regiments and Royal Horse Artillery, number thirty-two. These figures do not include the Militia, Volun teers, and Royal Marines. Taking all the bands together, it is reckoned that there is over six thousand musicians in the military service of the Crown. It would be interesting to know, also, how many private and society bands there arc; how many "leetle German bands" and organ-grinders, all of which make their living out of the English people. The general belief is that the Jap anese captured Port Arthur because they were in all respects superior to the Chinese in war fare. But it seems the general belief is wrong. The reason why the Japs took the Port is this— we have it from the Chinese officially—there fore it must be true:—Tlio surrender of the stronghold was part of a deep-laid scheme to lure the Sons of the Chrysanthemum to per dition. " In allowing the Japanese to take Tort Arthur, General Tso was actuated by motives of the deepest strategy, and the able manner in which he attained his end, without allowing his opponents to penetrate his designs, stamps him as one of the greatest military commanders China has ever seen !" Here then we have the real facts of the case !! It is said that the Postmaster-Gene ral will accompany the Governor and the Premier to Longreacli, and not only that, but intends to travel from Barcaldine to Blackall by main road. If wo cannot persuade the Postmaster-General that tho mail to Blackall is an obvious necessity, and that we won't be happy until we get it, I shall be disappointed in the persuasive eloquence of Barcaldine's leading lights. What the Postmaster-General can see with his own eyes, and hear with his own ears on the spot, is worth reams of paper used in petitions, and should have a great deal more weight with him than the button-holing of some members of the Queensland House of Lords, and the public-meetingising of the " very large number" of the business people of Clewettville. They have managed tu breed a woolly horse in America, which is described as one of the greatest curiosities in the way of a equinefreakever heardof. Ifisowner describes the animal thus :—" His hair is over three inches in length, some portions being six incites, and closely curled. It grows in summer as well as it does in winter. We had to clip him in the middle of May last, his wool becoming so matted and tangled that it was impossible to get a comb through it. His sire was a large sorrel stallion, and his dam a little brown mare spotted with white on the back. Both were very short-haired, smooth-coated animals of Arabian blood, but none of the mare's colts nor any sired by the stallion ever showed any curly or woolly hair. No amount of comb ing will destroy the curl," Pass the salt, please. Thanks. There is one patriotic Australian in Queensland who, although the Englishmen won the rubber in the great matches, wishes to declare that for all that the " grey mare was the better horse," as the saying goes, and writes to the Charleville Times tlius " Tho Englishmen have won the rubber, and let no one say a word in disparagement of the splendid victory of our kinsmen from the antipodes; but there is another way of looking at the matter. The Englishmen won the first match by 10 runs, the second for 04- runs, and the fifth by 6 wickets; total, 104 runs for 6 wickets. The Australians won the third match by 382 runB, and the fourth by one innings (equal to 10 wickets) and 147 runs, being a total of 529 runs and 10 wickets. Balance in favor of Australia, 425 runs and 4 wickets." The kangaroo ought now to turn up his Dose at the British lion. Some of the sporting writers have been saying that Mr. C. 15. Turner, whose omission from the Australian eleven in the fifth test match, was generally considered a j serious mistake, declares that he has done with cricket. He is said by the Sunday Times to be the only Australian who has secured a thousand wickets in first-class cricket, and, during 10 years, ho has bowled nearly twice as many balls as T. \Y. Garrett has done in 17 years. Turner has taken one thousand and forty-two wickets at an average of 13.43 runs—an unpar alleled achievement. Max is often led astray by his crav ing for strong drink, and which is placed in his way by some persons who expect to benefit from so doing eventually. This being remem bered by some genius out Wilcannia way, he proceeded to experiment with the rabbits out there. The result with the rodent was just as successful as it is with the biped, but the rabbit required nothing more expensive than water. It is said that in the Wilcannia district 12,000 rabbits were netted in one week through their eagerness fur a drink. The scheme was to enclose a tank on a run in this district with wire netting and trap tubes left eighteen inches long, narrowing inward. The rabbits came up for a drink as usual, and encountering the wire followed it round till they came to the openings —then the trick was complete. Over three thousand were trapped in a single night! Other tanks are being treated similarly, and then the record is to run up to 20,000 a week. The St. George paper says that four unionists endeavored to make trouble at Boatman station, in that district, but were un successful. They first appeared at a tank sinkers' camp, and at night started to harangue the men. The contractor objected to this being done at his camp, and the unionists asked the tank-sinkers to go over to their camp, but none went. Next morning the men were told by a station representative that they were miles from any road, and consequently they were trespassing. They used most insulting langu age, and threatened to throw liiin into the waterhole at which they were camped, but after a while they left. One of these men had agreed to shear under the new agreement at Boatman. and gave his name to the manager accordingly; but subsequently speaking to a camp of station hands at the shed he empha tically denied having done so, and tried his best to prevent others from entering into a promise to shear. There are men who declare that there are no heroes nowadays. But when they read about the conduct of second-engineer Sample on board a steamer which was anchored two miles out of Champion Bay, S.A., where one of the engine tubes burst, they might alter their opinion. The flow of boiling water which resulted from the accident began to quench the fires, which threatened grave consequences to the Bhip. The engineer determined to face the seething fluid ana risk death from scalding in order to try and stop the leak. In order that his clothing might not, in being removed afterwards, tear away the scalded flesh, he stripped the upper portion of his body naked. The brave man succeeded in averting the danger, but received terrible injuries to the back, and his head was fearfully scalded. His groans and cries of pain were awful to hoar. Surgical skill had to be called to his aid, but a fatal result is not likely to follow, though he must carry the visible effects of his courageous deed to the grave. In a recent article descriptive of a trip over the downs, " Roland Quiz" said in rcfercncc to Stanthorpe, that he was puzzled to know what the place existed upou as the tin-mines had been worked out long ago. A gentleman called in at the office of the Stan thorpe liorder Fost, and showed the editor a copy of the Champion containing the article referred to (there is a chance hero to point out how the Champion circulates all over Queens land ; but I refrain). The editor of tlio Post good-naturedly denies that the tin-mines are worked out, and that the people can raise enough " tin" from the sale of the tin that is not worked out to keep the town fairly pros perous. That this is so the amount of support which appears to be extended to the fost, an old steady-going, readable paper which I re member seeing twenty years ago with the same style of heading, is ample evidence. I understand that " Roland Quiz" would be pleased to accept the offer of a show round at Stanthorpe the next time he is doing the "grand tower," and can make up his mind to spend a day less in his beloved Sydney, which he imagines is not only Paradise but the hub of the universe. This page can no more appear without some reference to rabbits than a girl can go to a ball without first using two or three ounces of fuller's earth. Most of what we read about the animals now is not what a terrible scourge they arc, and the amount of damage being done by the pest (? has the time arrived yet to substitute blessing for pest), but the price obtained in the English market, and what is being done in the preserving line. The other day a rabbit drive took place at Narran dera, when 3300 were captured, all of which were to be frozen for export at the local meat works. Then a telegram from Adelaide said that a start was being made by a firm in that city, who were sending a small canning plant to tho river Murray, with which it was intended to preserve bunny on the spot for the London market. This plant can be easily moved from place to place along the banks as circumstances may require. It is believed that the industry will be profitable, as it is anticipated that the whole cost of canning and placing on the market in London will not exceed 6d. per 21b. tin. In the Riverina district of New South Wales a new opening is being found for the rodents.^ As the season for chilling mutton for export is nearly over, the works are to be en gaged upon freezing rabbits for export to London. The rabbits are to be purchased alive at the works and then slaughtered, and after being chilled will be sent to Sydney for export. The lease of the Clermont racecourse paddock for twelve months was offered at auction recently. Tlie bidding was not brisk and the ground was secured for £27. While hearing bo much about the adoption of type-setting machines in Australia taking the places occupied by a large number of compositors, who have thereupon to turn their hands to something else, it may be inter esting to note a few instances where the adop tion of machines have displaced the greatest amount of human labor. The first place must surely be given to an American invention for the manufacture and printing of wall-paper. Its labour-displacing power is ninety-nine to one. In other words, where a hundred band workers were once employed in the industry, one man can now do the same work with tie aid of the machine. In tlie general sense, agricultural machinery, steam ploughs, sowers, reapers, harvesters, and threshing-machines, have probably supplanted more manual labour than any other application of mechanics. Then coal-mining machines enable 160 men to mine as much of the mineral a6 500 can do by old methods; one boy, in preparing wood and materials for musical instruments, can do with a machine what at one time required 25 men; in making boots and shoes 100 operatives now do as much as 500 in old times. Thank goodness Barcaldine ha£ at last passed through the ordeal of a public meeting held by the perambulating Labor members, and no one is any the worse, and all can breathe again. I was not present because 1 lived in the next street, and it was too far to walk to attend this affair. I heard tlie at tendance was good, a large number of resi dents considering they might as well spend tlie evening thus, and show some courtesy to the visitors. I asked one gentleman what was said at the meeting, and he replied, " Oh! the same old dry-hash." The speakers did their best to show that the (iovernment ought to be bell-book-and-candled, and that all those who could not be persuaded that the Labor party was the party that would make tlie country prosperous if the chance was given to it, should have their heads sat upon by the members thereof. The dreary rhodomontade was continued for nearly three hours, but .the audicnce stood it very well, and with tlie aid of constant revivers, which they popped out pretty often to obtain at the hotels in the neighborhood, a large number saw the end of the proceedings. 1 don't know how the total abstainers and non-smokers managed to exist; but I did not hear that tlie hospital ambulance was required. If the frotli were blown off all that was said in those three hours the residue would merely indicate that the Labor party wished " Tommy to make room for his uncle," as the song says. People owning horses ought really to be more careful in naming them, for much unpleasantness has been caused at various times owing to carelessness in this important matter. There was an instance in Peel's yards, at Barcaldine, last week. A man was handling and otherwise poking about with a neat-looking piece of horse-flesh, when up strolls another man. " l'ine-Iooking animal, that," he re marked critically, "what's his name?" " Don't you know,"' answered the other shortly. " How should I ? this is the first time I ever seen him," said the first speaker. Silence on the owner's part. "You might fell me," coaxed the man, " is there any particular reason for keeping it secret ?" " Don't you know," was tlie reply, given with some asper ity. " No, I don't, you surly beggar," said the other, with more asperity; " I would like to punch your bloomin' uncivil head." " Why, you blamed idiot; I tell you the horse's namejs ' Don't-you- know.' Come and try to punch my head; I guess I'll knock some sense into yours first," said the horseowner hotly. However, tlie storm was like a tropical one, it disap peared as quick as it arose, and ended ia the same way—an adjournment to the bar to wasli out the resulting dust. In connection with the names of horses, I heard of a case in which a man was nearly arrested and taken several miles to a lock-up for telling a policeman "Go to the devil" when the gentleman in blue was making enquiries about the horse the other was riding. It was some little time before the cross questions and crooked answers scene ended by the policeman realising that " Go to the devil" was the wonderful name borne by tlie equine quadruped, he was asking about. In referring to the death of the late Lord Randolph Churchill, an English paper recalls the following amuBine incident, of the early days of Lord Randolph in tlie pigskin Randolph, even as a lad, had his experiences of riding in races. He happened during bis boyhood, to be staying at a country house in the North. There were at least a dozen youngsters—boys and girls—in the party, and about the same number of ponies in the stable. One morning, for the amusement of his guests, the master of the house suggested a pony race on the flat in the park. He called it a Nursery, for no one over fourteen years old was allowed to ride. There was, of course, any amount of wrangling over the mounts; but at length that matter was settled to the satisfaction of every body—especially to the satisfaction of Ran dolph, who bad gained possession of the biggest and best-looking quadruped. A mile was the distance of the race, and, before three-quarters had been covered, Randolph, who was riding a waiting race, noticed to his gratification that all the others were well beaten, while his pony had not turned a hair and was pulling him pretty nearly out of tlie saddle. He then gave it its head, and in a few strides was close to the heels of the mounts of the girls ; but any nearer tlie little brute refused to go. Whipping, shouting, kicking (in lieu of spur ring), each was resorted to in vain. Randolph, to his intense mortification, actually romped home, as be expressed it, a very good last t Then they told him the joke. His mount had always been ridden by one of the grooms, whenever the young ladies went for their ride, and, consequently, had been trained to follow. The obstinate little rascal had learned his lesson too well, and evidently considered it bad manners to pass hiB betters. 