WIT AND HUMOUR. For (me mu who can stand prosperity there are ten who would like to try. Rich people always have poor .relations ; but poor people are not always blessed with Tich relatives. Yes," said the proprietor of the barber's shop, 44 he was a very gjood oaroer, out we had to let him go ; lie didn't understand the business," "What did he do ?" 44 He forgot to say. to a bald-headed customer that his hair needed trimming to-day." Eminent Q.C. (addressing jury) : "And, gentlemen, when we refiect on the very strong safe, the bad tools, the poor li<ht, cramped quarters, and my client's natural weakness, am I not right in claiming he earned the stolen L300 by the sweat < f bis brow ?" " All the world's a singe, Sam, and the men and women merely players.75 44 Yes, massa ; but if dat'e so, where you go in' for to get yer audience aud orchestry." Scientifically Explained. — ".Doctor, why is it that some people who are perfect wrecks lire longer than others who are strong and Well ?" 44 Er— well — you see, the others die first." He Didn't Deny It. — She: Before we wre. married you said you loved the very ground I walied on. ie> So I did, and I love it still. 41 Jack, have a banana ?" i No ; ril have a pear." 44 Fve only got bananas. "I know that." 44 Then why de you ask for a pear r" " Because that's what J want — a pair of bananas." — From 44 Harper's Young People." Pa and ma were sitting quietly near the fireplace. Pa was reading a paper and ma was knitting. Presently mn. looked up over her glasses. 44 Pa," she said, 44 1 b'lieve <®f Henry is in love." 44 What makes vou fihink so?" 44 Well, he &nt; eat nothin' for a week past to speak of." Pa laid his paper down in his lap, folded his hands over it and gazed : into the fire reflectively. 41 It's kinder qneer'bont bein' in love," he said slowly. ' When people is oonrtin' they never seem to keer for victuals ; but jest as ssonas they get married victuals is about the' only thing they'll hustle for, seven days in the week." VOT SATISFIED, I kissed her a dozen times last night, And now it makes me sore To think that if Fd only stayed I might have had one more. 44 lis that a real Italian count that is call ing on your sister?" Jimmie: 44 Well, I should say so. And he must be well known all over his native land, for there isn't an iae-cream man in town but what nulla him by : name when they speak." Their Thocohts. ' What a beautiful thing is thought," she said ; 44 A boon it is to myself and Jim. I sic and tomir he Is tfiiniring of me. And he sits and thinks I am thinking of Mm." Couldn't Forget Them. — 14 Mary," said the sick man to Ms wife when the doctor pronounced it a case of small-pox, "if any of my creditors call, tell them 1 am at last in a condition to give them something." A professor, in explaining to a of young ladies the theory according to which Hie body is entirely renewed every seven years, saidi 44 Thus, Miss £., in seven years yon will no longer be Miss B.1' 44 1 really hope I shan't, " demurely responded the girl, modestly casting down her eyes. A ghost story' — 44 1 am thy father's spirit." Doing time — The lady who grows younger every year. A stationer's traveller, having had a run of had luck in -prosecuting business, received bom his employer the following telegram — -44 If yon can't make expenses, come home at once." The reply was — 44 All right. Can make plenty of expenses, but no sales.' 44 My task in life,7' said the pastor, com placently, "consists In saving young men." 44 Ah," replied the maiden, with a soulful longing, "save a good one forme, wont you F' Hicks : "Look at Snxggs flirting jvilh the ' ghis-over there; — Ithonityoinaid'te' was a woman-hater." -Wicks : "So he is ; but the woman he hates is not there.9' Another Prodigy. — -Mrs Jinniwing (to fiistingmshed '-foreign visitor) : 44 That piece my daughter is playing is extremely difficult, baron." B&run; Bressel (in extreme ageny) : 44 Ah, madame, I vish it was impoesee&ble; 3" backgrounds. She sit before an easel with her head tipped lightly sc. A paint-brush in her fingers, idly trailing to and fro. I stood quite closetbeside her with a wildly beat ing heart, And praised with reckless ardour, her pro ficiency in art. How sweet she wasend dainty I How I loved her 1 1 declare It seemed to me no other girl could be one-half so fair, As she sat there, leaning forward, in the grace- fullest of poses, And deftly put the background in a plaque of ' yellow roses. Ah ! that was many years ago ; dear girl I love her still. I love her smiles and dimples, and admire the wondrous gHH Of her dainty, snowy fingers— Fveheen watch ing them to-night Move to and fro above the work die's holding to the light, And, thinking of that other day, I doze a bit, perchance, As she deftly puts a background into Jimmie's other 44 pants." He had thrown himself at the feet of the girl he loved, and on bended knees pleaded bis cause. 44 Will yon be my wife?" he urged passionately." "Certainly,' she re- cposded with fastidious -frankness ; 44 but for goodness sake don't scrooch down in that Way. I don't tike to accept a man whose pantaloons bag at the knee." Consoling: He: I always need to over estimate my abilities. She (consolingly) : Well, never mind. Your friends never did. SOME SACBFACTIOK. 1 know," Remarked the gay coquette, " I haven't Caught a husband yet- Hat then," She added, softly sighing, Vve had some ban while Fve been trying." i Bridget's Sarcasm.- — Mr (Harlem: Why 4oo'>foa bring np tbemoniiiigp&perf; -It aeme hail an hoar ago. Bridget : Humph ! So you expict me to rude it-ooomin' up the etairs? bmug MiRtrees : Bridget, yon haven't given fresh -water to the goldfish. Bridget: j)Io, suss; they ain't drank what they had already. msgord. Hedid not think she was eo -sharp, And repartee did not admire; He said her voice was like a barn. She said his voice was lite a lyre, Jnst So. — Gamp : " I wish a fellow conld borrow money as easily as be can borrow toonble." Humph: " If yoa conld make snake money ae easily yonoan mete trouble, yoa wouldn't need to borrow any." ' Better Unsaid. — She : " And axe yon tore yon will like married life as mneh aB yoa do yonrcluhJ" He: "Oh, yes!" She: "And are yoa so awfully fond of your dob I" He: -Not very." Co VINCI JvG. Who seeks to eat a turkey which to life far years has ehmg, . Ss writing to acknowledge th at 11 the good -die young." Jk colored woman in Texas town had jnst baried her f onrth hnrband. As in duty bound HawonWhangdoodle Baxter called to console the widow. . — De JjOt" wHliemper de wind to de shorn lamb." - _ -'Doesyernieandat Ite one ob de Hack . sehfiep oh de flock ? asked tbe widow tartly. , -ydpeen'tmeon aat, rioter. All means an . AtyoosafBicfadmnamsoe. Kobody'preehiates . - rie eoSerin's oh de widow." ' -'jPfitirkuriy when dark colon mate fcer look anffarinm ob de widd vT Ihaabeeti dar ioah Nnnas,' W ' Jejao SifbngE." 