THE CATHOLIC OISHOP AT NUMURKAH. The Right. Rev Dr Reville, Catholic Coadjutor Bishop of Bendigo.preached on Sunday evening to a large and interested congregation, taking for his text: " He that shall sin against me shall hurt his own souL"—Prov. vi ri., v 36. He said:—The man who commits sin hurts his own soal, Man was created to enjoy God—to enjoy the presence of God. St. Augustine says the soul was created by God for God. The material satisfies for a time. The work of the day, the anxieties and successes of business, all occupy the mind to the exclusion of matters of higher import. All that the pleasures of this world leave behind are sadness and remorse. In such delights is no happiness. What we call evils and misfortunes are probably not really so. Sin was the only eviL Sin turns a man away from God, and makes him disobey his Sovereign Master. There were several definitions of sin. That of St. Augustine was that it consisted of action contrary to God's will. Saints Augustine and Thomas declare that sin is a turning back upon the Creator, and a giving of ourselves to the creature This is an insult to Almighty God. We place on one side God, who keeps us in life, and without whom we could not maintain our physical existence for one brief moment. It is God who commands the winds and the sea, who created the round world, and gave birth to the starry firmament. We turn away from this august being—our creator and our benefactor—merely to enjoy material pleasures. Some revel in the gratification of their shameful passions, following their wicked inclinations, which they prefer to keeping their souls pure in the sight of Almighty God. Such an attitude is an insult to his Supreme Majesty. Men have trials and crosses to bear, and under their infliction they have been known to doubt the divine justice. They lose their riches and mourn. But God, from on high, has clearer vision than mere mortals ; he recognises that riches are dangerous to men and souls. The rich man shuts his eyes to the life beyond the grave. God sees his danger, and deprives liim perhaps of health. The rich man then finds himself compelled to lie down on a bed oi" sickness, and learns the futility of a life spent in the pursuit of mammon. Or the wealthy man meets with commercial misfortune. When he had plenty of means he found hosts of friends. The day of loss and disaster comes, and where are they ? Then the wicked man turns to God, and throws himself upon His mercy. A temporal punishment is really an indication of God's mercy. Men should thank God for adversity. Those who commit mortal sin crucify God. The fool has said in his heart " There is no God." It is sin that would bring souls to ruin, draw them away from God, alienate them from their Creator, and cast them into darkness—for God can be a God of wrath. He hates sin with an infinite and unchanging hatred. Man should be filled with horror of mortal sin. It is a mortal sin to absent oneself from mass, a sacred sacrifice of the church, on Sundays or holy days of obligation, when attendance is reasonably possible ; to eat meat on Fridays and other appointed days of abstinence ; to admit into the mind and retain with pleasure, vicious thoughts. It is mortal sin to drink alcoholic liquors to excess, robbing the intellect of the powers God had given for higher purposes. Sin incurs the enmity of God, not of men. From the wrath of God, nor man nor angels can screen the offender. The sword of justice is held aloft, and may strike down at any moment. You may be called before God in the silent watches of the night. Consider the terrible position of that soul if it has committed mortal sin. Many sinners are held in respect by their neighbors, and think all is well. They delude themselves with the idea that God on high takes no interest in them, and in their doings. They may be tempted to say, u If I have sinned, what harm do I suffer, God notices not." Let any such man look into his soul, destined to live for -pver. Remember the soul that commits sin shall die to life with God. What can save the soul but sanctifying grace? In the Lord Jesus and His grace alone lie hope and safety. Take away from the body the immortal soul, and what remains ? The body, upon which we cannot look long with any satisfaction, which becomes a revolting mass, and eventually rejoins the dust from which it came. Without sanctifying grace, the soul, which has once committed mortal sin, loses its spiritual life and its union with Almighty God. We must refuse sin. Would a man-commit a sin if thereby he were to lose all his temporal possessions. How much the more should he fear to lose God's friendship. It is only by sanctifying grace we can be united with God—brothers and joint heirs with Jesus Christ. But without grace what remains ? Everlasting punishment, and the frightful abyss of Hell. The Bishop wound up by exhorting the people, if they had strayed from the paths of rectitude in the past, to have recourse to those means winch God had instituted to assist man in the attainment of salvation. These means are prayer and sacraments. Prayer, as may be read In the gospel for the day is most efficacious, - 4 Ask, and you shall receive, seek and ye shall find." Amen, amen. " I say unto yon whatever you ask the Father in My name He will give it to you." The sacraments! Christ has left in his chnroh the sacraments to assist men in obtaining everlasting life. If they have erped in the past, let them not forget God has left to the church the power of remitting human sin. The Bishop exhorted his congregation not to neglect confession. Accord in a; to the gospel of St. John Christ said to his apostles, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost, whose sins he shall forgive they shall he forgiven : and whose sins ye retain, they are retained." 