Beautiful Tasmania A TOURIST WHO TOURED. SUCKING PIGS AND SUCKED IN. Those people over in Melbourne who have never had the fortune to ' do ' our island home are just the sort of parties to cast a favorable eye towards this dreamland and take in about any sort of rubbish calculated to impress their minds with stories of fishing excursions, where there are no fish, boating, when a sea slop comes up and drowns them, and shivooing like giddy things amidst rainbow scenes —and get fined for trespass. So Charles George Ramsay having been knocked about Tas- mania for a good while with empty pockets and ditto stomach concluded to try the land of big busts for a change. There he found plenty of credulent listeners ready to turn an ear his way, and eventually succeeded in representing the Ramblers' Asso ciation of Australasia, Limited (no liability evidently). Here he made his reappearance in all the gorgeousness of self-conscious off- cialdom. His stately form flitted ghost-like about the gloomy cor- riders of the deserted Coffee Palace, or hung mysteriously around street corners for some weeks. There were some ignorant persons who thought a long beer would do him good, he looked so spiritual, and one misguided person even went so far as to suggest something of the kind. His impertinent overtures, however, were received with such scorn and lofty indignation that he was fain to sneak away, like the poor miserably thing that he was. However, hanging around street corners and stalking in and out of deserted corriders won't keep a man who has anything like a bread basket to fill (although there are some in Hobart who shove through that way) and so Charles George felt last week that it was time to bestir himself. The moon was nearing the full too, and that appeared to be about the only valid excuse adduced by a thoughtful public for Charles George doing what he did to raise the wind. There is a pub out Claremont way which hails the Etherial name of Undine. Now Undine was a nymph who lived down in a gully hole, or a rivulet, or somewheie — we forget where just now — but the very name is suggestive of dreamy things. Just the sort of place to sit in at the back verandah on a warm evening and watch the rising moon heighten into lore- tints the golden fairy clouds reflected on the wavelets which flip in simmering silvery incoherencies upon the shore at the foot of the garden. 'Two souls with but, etc.,' applies very prettily to the allotment of fairyland, and in !eed if the succep tible stndeut of dreaminess hasn't got a kindred soul with him in the charming society of the ladies at the Undine, he must be a worm if be cannot find one. It was to this sweet spot on the Derwent that Charles George Ramsay directed his attention when he bethought himself to raise the wind, and the moon being towards the full, proceeded at once to put a previously concocted scheme into execution. No scheme is worth anything excepting its expenses be paid, and as Charles George needed some small change, he concluded that place was the place to go to. Interviewing the Undine (beg pardon— the lady) he told her of how he was boss of the Ramblers' Association, and quite a whole push of ramblers were expected up her way right off. 'No common food, madame, not anything like that. Pea soup, ox tail, mutton broth, game. Roast beef roast mutton roast lamb. Chops steak curried rice sausages ! and oh— ah — pig — you know sucking pig galore ! and won't we have a jolly time '? Here Mrs. Golding interposed and explainel that, with such a spread it would be necessary to have a little in advance. She would be moderate with a person of Charles Geortre'fi importance — perhaps 40s. would not. be too much ? Not, at all. Nothing of the sort. How could it? Was he not the representative ot the Ramblers' Association ? Yet, as be had left his purse up in the piano he re quired a few shillings to carry him back over the weary miles of travel between the Uudine and giddy Hobart. It was a strange over sight, leaving his purse, and he hoped that no one would enter his abode. in his absence and appropri ate it. But there — such trifles all melt away before King Gold. His cheque book furnished a means of ready access to the Undine's (beg pardon— the landlady's) till, and £3 5.s. was changed, which left him a trifle over for himself. That night the diniDg room table groaned. Talk about the land which was alleged to flow in milk and honey ! Lord liless you, that room flowed in sucking pig ! The very t'owis out of doors looked in at the windows, envious of their mates' cooked upon the table, aud one. laying hen took it so much to heart that she went, broody, and has been tied up by the leg with a piece of string ever siuce.. They waited for the guests in vain. The viands steamed and simmered in their richness ; but there was no one to eat thom. The Undine (beg pardon again — th« landlady) opened the windows, and such an aroma permeated the air that at Glenorchy the boozers ran out from the pubs to take a cheap sniff of it, whilst all along for a mile or more past the hotel the road looked as though a corporation water cart bad passed that way with the valve open. It was the moisture which dripped from the mouths of hungry passing thing* which smelled that smell. But nobody came, and in much mortification of spirit were those viands put away again. All was worry and vexation. The worst was yet to come. The cheque came back without the funds, for there was nothing there. Charles George stands committed for trial for that little episode, and possibly ere the the moon falls hersalf once more he will have learned wisdom and, may be sanity. One cut ions part of the whole concern is tliat the giver of tbe I'e.ist did not turn up Vpmself ar.d tiave a fee*] — and a -ivink.( He mij.'ht as well hhave enjoyed himself anyway instead of crawling around the back of the out- shed and sleep ing it off there. He might have invited the general public out Glen otchy way failing the nonatten dance of the guests. (He might, have invited the staff of this jour nal. In neither case would his motives either have been thrown away or misinterpreted. 