IN THE DAYS OF FATHER PItQUT. AN OLD-TIME PEDAGOGUE. Father Prout's congregation were all assembled at Glenville, a little village lying eight miles north of the city of Cork. Men and matrons were ranged along the street ; the latter were wrapped in blue cloaks, and had silk handkerchiefs tied loosely under the chin,, and floating behind in a very picturesque manner. I must observe, parentheti cally, that this method of wearing the shawl must be of Eastern origin, for travellers inform us that it pruvaus at uie present uay among uie iemaj.es ox inu Islands of Greece. Along the white wall, and round the gate that fronted the chapel, were ranged the choicest lasses, who stood in due array, rosy cheeked and laughing-eyed, displaying many a bleached cap and well-greased shoe, for leghorn bonnets and Warren's jet blacking had not yet found their way among the dwellers of the moun tainous district that skirts Glan-a-Phrecaun to the west. Some nymphs of quality, indeed, in imitation of the queen of Sheba, did come from the south to hear the wisdom, not of Solomon, but of Father Prout ; but tripped it with dignified ease through the admiring files, to occupy a seat within the narrow railing that separated the priest from the people. The choice spirits of the parish — the vil lage politicians, antiquaries, senachies, story-tellers, wits, and lovers of fun (for such there are in every congregation), were reclining in groups, according to their respective classes, along the green- sward of the chapel-yard. The presiding spirit that enlivened the largest and most dense circle on the green, was Conohore MacLien D organ. He was a grandfather, and his white locks fell over his blue frieze cotamore ; but the snows of Time had failed to wither the rose of his cheek, or chill the lustre of the grey eyes, where fire and fun seemed to peep forth as if from two transparent windows. Beside him reclined Dennis Buckley, the hedge teacher of the glens. This personage was ridicu lously slow in hie gait, solemn in his deportment, and his language an extravagant medley of lengthy and learned words, gleaned oolcly from Johnson and Bailey's Dictionaries, and dealt forth without much regard to their proper application. His unin telligible language won him great sway over the understandings of the peasantry, and procured him credit for a greater share of learning than his advertisement announced, though it proclaimed that — ' Dionysius O'Buckley, Cosmopolite, and Scien tific Professor, will open an academical institution for the revelation or the subsequent branches or scho lastic lore to such ratiocinating bipeds as might be consignable to his administration, superintendence, correction, and jurisdiction — to wit : Penmanship, plain, chain, and ornamental ; English Grammar according to the most improved idiomatic construction ; Arithmetic in all its ramifications ; Globes, celestial, terrestial, tartarian ; Astronomy, Newtonian, Copernican, and Ptolemean ; Geo metry, Trigonometry, Hydrometry. Stereometry, Cosmography, Stenography, &c.;, &c.; ; with a variegation of matter 'reposited in his pericranium, too tedious for enrolment or recapitulation.' ' Why, then, Mr. Buckley, you never laugh at all, at all,'' said Conohore MacLien, in a pause occasioned by a perfect weariness of laughter ; 'now wouldn't you. tell us of the sacking you gave that bulini sciath, Daniel Long, the other day ?' The pedagogue was not communicative, and he shortly answered, with a peculiar solemnity of manner. ' Oh ! it had been nothing more than a short in terlocution, in which we had a reciprocation of science, in which he seemed to soar beyond the galaxy of Newtonian sublimation ; but' when I perambulated his path, he had a stereoraceous retrodegradation, and received a Phaetonic fall, and a woeful elongation of physiognomy.' — From the Dublin Pknny Journal, April 30, 1836. THE HOUSE OF THE RATH. Now Lanty MfClusky had married a wife, For the ease of care and the joy of life, And bought him a bit of a farm also, With hillocks aslope and hedges arow, But never the shade of a house thereon ; So Lanty, of course, must build him one. And of all the sites he needs must choose The beautiful rath the fairies use When they dance together beneath the moon To the mad light lilt of the crooked shoon. In spite of warning, in face of fear, He set his hearthstone and rooftree there,' For Lanty he was a headstrong man, And always ended what he began. So the good folk now may dance no more ; But Lanty must settle the piper'e score. For it's only a craven who can sin Against his mannikin, kith and kin, The house is finished, the bride brought home, And fiddler and friends to the warming come ; The music was fine, the folk were free With the restless foot and the lifted knee ; And if ther« v/ere Borrows, they must drown, While the dance went merrily up and down. When sudden' a noise was heard outdoors — A crackingjof timbers, a heaving of floors, A splitting of rafters, a wrenching of beams, And above it a sound like the sound in dreams, When it's only wind out under the eaves, In a midnight dance with the vagrant leaves. But Lanty had heard the riving boards, And he knew the fairies were out in hordes. The music stopped, the dance stood still, And the listeners heard a piping shrill, And tinjf voice commanding plain, ' Come, good folk, work with might and main. ' The gentry have suffered a grievous thing ; A thief has ruined our dancing- ring : 'For Lanty has stolen our ancient right, And his house must fall before midnight,' But Lanty is out at the doorway then : 11 1 ask your pardon, gentlemen, ' For building on any place you own ; But if to-night you'll let me alone, 'It's up on the morrow before the day I'll be, removing my house away ; ' And I'll thank you kindly, and keep my word.' With that such a clapping of hands was heard, And a ' Bravo, Lanty! Build between The two white thorns above the boreen.' Then a shuffling sound of tiny feet Like dust when the wind goes up the street, 'With another cheer of right good will, And the little gentry were gone from the hill. As Lanty had promised, so he did ; And digging the cellar where they bid, Between the two white-thorn trees old, What should we find but a pot of gold ! For it's only an honest man can win The heart of his mannikin kith and kin. — Bliss Carman, in St. Nicholas. 'TILL THE PRATIES GROW. BY THOMAS S. CLEARY. When Father John Murphy, whose life was pub lished some years ago by Messrs. M. H. Gill and Son, was parioh priest of Corofin, in the County of Clare, he had to fight the hardest battles of hio life in trying to checkmate the untiring efforts of pro selytism. A parishioner of his was tempted by sore need to renounce his Faith, and, in consideration of a v/eekly stipend, agreed to go to the Protestant Church regularly and act in every way like a re formed sinner. On the first Sunday after entering into this agreement he was sulkily proceeding to the new place of worship, but having to pass the chapel on his way, his conscience smote him, and, throw ing ninjoeiX on uio tt.n«e» ubiuib bii« uuiuuiu uuuiuu of prayer, cried out : — 'I'm going from ye, alanna — good-bye, good-bye — till the praties grow !' Asthore, my heart is breaking as I pass your holy door, And see the open portal all inviting to go in, And hear the childher's voices as in sacred song they soar, The priest's subdued ' Oremus !' and the people's loud ' Amin !' But, oh ! I dare not enter, for a compact I have made — Like Lucifer at Heaven's gate, no further san I go! Don't frown on me, my darling, nor a broken heart., upbraid ; Good-bye, asthore alanna, till the praties grow ! Ah ! never did I think, agrah, that I should pass you by Without an adoration made before your holy fane ; But, oh ! the pinching hunger — I can't hear my childher cry The live-long day for vittals, and still hear them cry in vain ; I can't behold my darling lying sick before my face, And hear her in a fever fierce bewailing all our woe ; I cannot do all this, agrah, and stay in you and grace ; So now good-bye, alanna,- till the praties grow. I'm passing by your angels and I'm passing by your saints, But, oh ! the weary trouble and the hard and bitter year ! And you know when the fLesh is weak the proudest spirit faints — ? For while you point to Heaven we are sinning on down here. But sure ao at your altar I exchanged the marriage vow, As Bure as from your sanctity all streams of mercy flow, As sure, achor alanna, though I sadly leave you now, I'm back within your bosom when the praties grow. They've paid me to forsake you, and I pawned my soul for bread, And promised for their pottage that from you and yours I'd part ; But while beneath their new-built spire I bow my sinful head, 'Tie your old atones, alanna, that will have my aching heart. Between tho hymns they're singing I will praise your Sacred Host, And whisper Holy Marys when their organ's in full flow ; And when they ban the Romish Church I'll beg the Holy Ghost To hurry on the season when the praties grow. Oh, if inside you, darling, some obliging neighbours kn eel, Tell one of God's bright angels to go whisper in their ear That there's a poor soul waiting that can't make its own appeal, But if it could would ask Him to send down a fruitful year. Good-bye, then, for a little while, the shelter of my heart — Good-bye the glory of my eyes, but let the faith ful know That though I say good-bye, avic, and from your gate depart, 'Tis but, asthore alanna, till the praties grow. 