¥0M II PARLMMT, Ir. food CrusM Again. Prorogation ProMlj To-morrow, : Tie Electoral Bill, The Assembly met at 10.30 011 Thursday morning looldng very jaded and altogether un prepared for the heavy task set before it on the notice-paper. Even the regular patrons of the upper gallery seemed more than ever' like "the ghosts of deceased jurymen." Barely half the strength of .the House was in- . attendance during the earlier part of. the sitting, but the fatigue was evident in the faces and attitude of "these few, these happy few; this band of brothers," ; their tongues were soon proved to be in: thoroughly good going condition. At the outset Mr. Brooker asked when the proro gation will take place,-and the Premier replied that at the latest Legislators will be let loose " on. Saturday, and that if possible they will be - relieved from further constructive work to morrow afternoon or evening. There is a special significance in the prorogation on the present ocoasion, because the general election is very close ahead, and a pathetic meaning is given to the couplet— Here we suffer grief and pain, Here we meet to part again. All fifty-four_ members doubtless hope to come back again, reinvigorated by the con-1 fidence of their constituents and ready for ; ; another three years of talk. But elections are ' precarious concerns and many.surprises and: • catastrophes take place. The questions being continued Mr. Gald was told that the " Hansard'"' reporting for the' - next Parliament has not yet; been arranged. Mr. "Wood, immediately after the informal ■ interrogations had been disposed of, attempted: on a motion for adjournment to again bring up the question of compensation ■ to various Government officers. . The Attorney-General on a point of order objected to the debate on a question on the notice paper, but the Speaker reminded Mr,.Kingston that by the "count, out" on the previous night the motion had dis appeared. However, just as members were: patiently resigning themselves to the infliction; of a protracted speech Mr. Butler "sprang to the rescue _ with an ' objection to the. ." debate proceeding. So, although he . sub mitted .with a very bad • grace and some mutterings of rebellion, Mr. Wood was effec- _ tively silenced on one subject at least. _ The Premier secured the passage of the ordinary order concerning the printing of the-sessional papers. Mr. Glynn at 10.40 a.m. resumed the debate -- on the Electoral Bill which, "in its original formj was drafted, by him. He explained its - pro visions at length, and ended by promising - .. hearty support. Mr. Caldwell complained: of , ; the lateness of the appearance of the measure, and Mr. Landseer advised members rather, to leave well alone than to,hurry through the Bill. Mr: Batehelor took a similar view,'and. Mr. Poynton said that no one in the House but' Mr. Glynn "and . Mr. Kingston had read the . measure. Mr, Downer, there- - fore, offered to read it clause by clause, with running comments thereon.", As \ the measure contains 158 clauses and 20 schedules this threat sounded_ ver y terrible. However, it was not fully carried into effect. The sheriff (Mr. W. R. Boothby) was in' the. gallery listening to the debate. 