SOCIAL, MISERIES AND THEIR REMEDY. GENERAL BOOTH completed his course of public addresses in Brisbane, when he spoke on the subject of ** Social miseries and their remedy." He said that the subject of social miseries and their remedies was a very large one, and his audience a very diverse one, whilst the topic was associated very closely with the Salvation Army itself. The social miseries of which he was going to speak belonged to what was looked on ns the lower strata of humanity. This class might be distinguished by their utter helplessness and hopelessness. Agreat many people who bad given attention to the matter of social miseries objected to bis remedies on the grounds that they served only to postpone the great social revolution. He was proud to claim that his principles were not only ameliorative, but socially revolutionary. Four or Ave years ago he had gone outside Salvation Army work to look for sorrow, destitution, and misery, and he had found them in abundance. He looked at these evils,and gave them a three-fold classiflca tion : The wild, dashing sea of destitution, the miry morass of vice, and the outlaws of society-criminals. If he wished to do more than cause a momentary ripple of, their minds and displace the business cares of life he must lead them with him, and show them these things. He must take them to look over the edge of the pit and see the misery that existed; In addition to those who were in the pit there was a crowd all around the edge of the abyss whom a little shaking, a prolonged strike or drought, a failure of an employer, or sickness, would destroy. He said to himself. Was there no way to help and avert this? When he came to South Africa he said to his officers, " Go and make personal investigations arid.see if here there are any of these vices." His officers came back saying they were all there. At Melbourne he told them to go and see if there were any slums, and they came back and told him that they had seen sights that almost beggared the scenes that they had just left. In America, the slums of New York, Philadelphia, and many other cities were reeking with vice, and there was in that country a regular army of no fewer than, 100,000 tramps. Unless effectual methods were taken they would have a mighty . harvest to reap tn the future. Stories had been told him of drunken- ness . among shearers and people in the back blocks, and; incidents in the lives of drunkards even within that city bad been related to him that would make even angels weep. He would pass on to a class whose name was seldom mentioned from the pulpit and platform with any degree of pity-poor lost women and girls who had fallen. People now said that he must not smooth the pathway down to Bhame by ministering to the. comfort of these poor creatures. God forbid ; be wotdd that the pathway were rougher, but what he desired was to make the pathway leading away from it smoother. All he asked for poor men and women who had fallen in life was that they should bo helped on to their feet, a thing which a crowd would do even tb a fallen cab-horse. It was pretty well known that they had the - largest refuge home in the world, and that something like 21,000 girls had been taken off the streets, and nearly 3000 were being rescued every year in England. It must not be supposed that all their work in this direction was confined to Great Britain, for they hud a larger number of such institutions outside that dominion. He was now going to mention a class in which he was told he would find some of his own people shaky. If he found it so, he would shako them. He proceeded to narrate the career of a man who, once having been imprisoned, endeav- oured to'fight his wayup in the world unsuccessfully, and being driven to further crime, had become a professional burglar. This man, after serving a sentence of twenty years' penal servitude, had been reclaimed by the Army, and had made the very pair of boots worn by himself that night. He could give them many instances, but he had not come to ask for their sympathy for the submerged classes in Great Britain, bub rather for their own submerged classes. There was a good deal of talk nowadays of brotherhood, which was mostly hollow cant and hardly skin deep. If a flock of sheep fell down a pit in the neighbourhood of Brisbane, would not the people come to assist them out, with their broken and maimed limbs, since they could hot get out themselves? Why should it not be so for the fellow creatures? Some- times he was puzzled by the Christianity be saw on his travels. There were times coming on this world that unless God or man interfered, were terrible to contemplate. Not that these poor wretches of the sub- merged class were able to pull down the pil- lars of society ; but there were other inter- ests at work, and when the pillars did fail, then would' come tho terrible tide of these poor creatures. The ever-increasing crowds of the submerged classes must be dealt with, and society must grapple with the question. No class of society was more intimately associated with the others than the bottom class ; for every movement given to them would be felt by the others. Were these poor wretches to go on living and haunting our consciences with skeleton forms and all the adjuncts of poverty and misery for ever ? Now was the time for the nation to rise up and do something. If they wanted'to help these poor people they must relieve their immediate wants. That very day the Army had fed 30,000 hungry people up .and down the world, and they did nob demoralise by indiscriminate charity, as all receiving relief had to work. There was a shelter in Black friars-road which could contain 1000 men a | night. He then proceeded to illustrate and describe the accommodation in the Salvation Aruiy shelters. They must inspire these poor creatures .with'hope. These people were divided into two classes-those who had gone down through misfortune, and those ¡who had gone down through mis- conduct. The latter were not the only wrong-doers in the world,, they should remember; for there were some vices by which men climb to fame, and such men were more execrable in the sight of God than those of the lowest of the submerged classes. If a man or woman were to plead for another chance, no matter how criminal, or how; debased they were, it was their duty to help them, and was a plain indication that God desired them to be helped, and he would ever do it. (Applause). With regard to the criminal class, tho work depended more upon the workers than on the machi- nery employed, and tho Salvation Army had found that over 00 per ccn$. of those who had come under their care were reformed, and were now earning honest livings. They found that 75 per cent, of the fallen women who came under their care were induced to follow the paths of virtue. It was their inten- tion in the future to ask for legislative assist- ance in the direction of preventing men f rom I falliner into crime. It was necessary to find a comfortable and honourable class of work for these people to do. The cry that there were too many men was fallacious. When he was in Africa he found them crying out for people. His scheme was to take these people and put them on the land. He had an estate at the mouth of the Thames of which he was very proud. Four years ago found a quantity of waste land there. He then went to London, where he found a large number of waste men, ns well ns large quantities of waste money and waste manure. (Laughter.) He then mixed all these up together-(laughter)-and the result was a prosperous farm. This farm or industrial settlement he wished to make the nursing place for the oversea colonists. He hnd no doubt that in the course nf three years they would be able to make their farm support over 1000 men, and pay SJ per cent, on the capital expended. tVith regard to oversea colonists, he must reply that at present be - did not know what country he would select. He had looked all over the world, and he thought he would go back to his old love Africa-though he had not finally decided. He believed that wherever that colony si planted that a state would be created ou' a people that as yet were not, and out ot the love of God and by the help of the Holy Ghost. They had given him £112,000, and he had gone to' work and pushed the scheme along ; but the public had forgotten him, and had gone after something else. People said, "Where is the oversea colony?" Well, he went on with his scheme until he had spent £00,000 more than he had received. He con- cluded by earnestly emphasising the neces- ' sity of attending to the social work in these colonies, and resumed his Beat amidst loud cheers. _'_" - 