Shrouded in Mystery OR, Which Girl Did He Marry? By Skfpp Borlase, Author of ' Fob Tbue Love's 6aze.* 'Thebb Lovely Wohu-k,' « Dahkeb Than Death,11 ' An Ocean Secret.' ' Eecalledto Life,' ' Richeb to Buin,' 'Who Killed John Oamehok J ' ' The Police Minister,' Etc. CHAPTER XLIII.— COoifTijrtTED). fTHAT FOLLOWED THK CON FLAGS ATI ON AT ' CLEOQ HALL— THE 6EAE0U FOU LADT HOWABTH. Now all this agreed very well with tbe gtatement, or rs.thet the opinion, of Lucy that her stepmother had been carried off by the deril Bi a puniehmcDt for playing the Sole of web r- wolf bo clumsily, for his saianic inajeity web in those da.ve very proue to fcanmo the human form, in orJur the better to play off hifl malignant pranks ; tbnt is to ^»yt the current belie! declared as much. Bat the statement pointed aleo in the direction of a very human abduction, made eitker through love or cupidity, most nmhiMv Sir TTarrv Ilmitirht. the .fitter: for fiupicionB as hifl wife's conduct bad been on ynnTiy occasions, and deeply mysteriouB on Mot a feWj he could not credit her (as a more inipiciooB husband might have done) wiih iaviDgtet fire to the hall as a cover to an ?lopement ; beBideB which he was vain enough to believe that bdc loved him and aim only. ' Towards the castle.' They rode towards the castle— towarda Rochdale, in fact, be jiext loliloqoised. 'Then, ten to one it ia ?omewhere in Bocbdale that he intends to Aide her away, until agood ransom is forth coming; for a large town lends itself far Setter to cuch a pnrpose than even tbc deepest depths of a forest. Well, 1 will hie me to Bochdalc with Lucy, and what's more live there, at all events until this mjEtcry is Cmratelled.' As Olegg Hall was no longer hospitable, at ?kill events by any one who had the slightest regard for comfort, Sir Harry carried bis Hodden resolution into effect at once, and bis *2ttndMmc travelling carriage having been sot ready, noon beheld father and daughter located at Lisbon Hall (in Inter years called BammercaBtle} which had for some months twen to let furnished on account of sudden *nd unexpected business having called Us owner, a merchant, back to Portugal. They toot a sufficiency of tbc Clugg HaU servants to wait upon them there. Barly In the afternoon Sir Harry visited Che old bouBe in the wood, in ordur to Acquaint bis wile's parents with all tbat hart tiappened ! and when he had heard tbe narrative to an end Mr BadcUfEc burst forth, ?8 though involuntarily, with : 'HalcamDs Greenwood I It's that sconn diel HalcamuB Greenwood, her hus — her ffster'a hnsband 1' Then, as thongh he was fcarfal that be fcid said too much, old John drew in bis horns, and thenceforward seemed as tbougb tie had suddenly turned etopid ; at all events toothing more of at all an enlightening uature could be got out of him whilu all the advice that poor distracted Mrs liaddiffc seemed capable of giving was : 'Oh, offer a reward — offer &b; larce a tc waTd ai you can afford. Sir Harry. Nothing bat money will get her back— nothing— jio thing.' Bat he had some reward bills printed and ?tuck up at once, offering a thousand pounds Cor tbe recovery or return of Laiy Howanhi end tbt plAcardslstated thatsbe ' was known to have been forcibly abducted from tbc grounds of Olegg Hall for tbe sake of fraudulent gain, but that if tbe wob brought. «Kte and unharmed to Lisbon HaU do criminal or other proceedings wo a Id be instituted against the malefactor who had perpetrated the outrage,' etc. It was evening before HalcamnB Green wmd rode into Rochdale, put up his hone at the Hark-ap-to*Glory Inn, and then took a ?troll ronnd the town for tbc sake of picking up information. Jt was od a hoarding in Yorkshire-street that he first came across one of the huge rtward bills, and ite perosil gave him tbe most intense satisfaction. « I wonder if ' Old Harry,* as I'll make free to dab ia private, will stick to hie word concerning the not taking of criminal or other proceedings against the individual whom he thinks proper to call a malefactor, when, to my notion, speculator would have toeen a much tnoie polite and coTrect name V' soliloquised Halcamas, in his nsaal caustic way. ' Well,' ran on the current of his thought*, ' 1 will take time to turn tbe matter well over in my mind before I accept bq courteous an invitation to walk into what may after all prove a spider's parlor, and ' meanwhile I will carry to Ruth thiB tirst sup of' consolation,' and so, at s much later hour* be did. CHAPTEB LXXV. T»B OLD HOUSE IN GHOST LIKE, THE ABIES, AND THE GUBTKEHAKEAN CHAPEL. T1?CT6 were times when Halcatnus Green wood was not altogether brutal. Thus ou the present occasion be repaired to tbe old bouse in G-OBt Lane only ami fiolcly in order to give Lady Howarth comfort by the assurance tbat her captivity would, io mil probability, be not even so long as he bad told her that it might continue at their hut parting, together with the amount of reward that Sir Harry had offered for her discovery and restoration, and tbe annexed conditions that would render it in all pro bability a eafa and a any matter to bring about. Bath was surprised when the door of her fjrison chamber was suddenly opened and fialc&mus; appeared on tbe threshold, but she was glad to see even him, so oppressive aad altogether fearful bad the solitude and silence of the old haunted nnnnery become to her. Aye, and she would have been most tbADkfol to have seen him had ho even grasped a whip in his hand, with the evident intention of chastising her therewith. He, however, had brought her kind nets ia its place. 'Lady Howarth,' he commenced by say ing, ' yonr husband has offered a thousand pounds for your restoration, and further more guarantees no barm to the restorer, wherefore, as soon as eter 1 have convinced myself tbat be is in earnest on tbe latter point back you go to him, and into my poucu goes the thousand ponnds. I thought tliat it would please you to know all this, and tlitt Is why I have come to tell it you. Bat hav ing said my say I will be off again, for I can assure yon, madam, tbat a glass of Hollands, a pipe, and a rattling chorus at the Old Fuck Horse or the Hark-np-to-Glory have greater fascinations for me now than even j our, I've no doubt, charming and dcleciablo society.' He had meant to have delivered tbe con cluding portion of this speech in a torn; of careteEE indifference, hue he did it with bitterness instead, for though he had treated Bath like a dog while she was his wife (or, atoll events, while sbc cBt^mod Iim-Bclf to be inch), he nevertheless do£ in the m auger faibion, inwardly resented the speed with which she had united herself to another, even though he very well knew that she bad dope It for no other reasons than thereby to «oneeal her identity and so preserve her life. Perhaps Lady Howartb guessed, to a certain extent, what was passing in bis mind, tot the hastened both to thank him for the consolation he had brought her, and beg him ' not to linger there a single moment od her account, as the books ho had provided her with were very interesting, and would now, in all probability, more than lsBt oat the brief term of her imprisonment.' 6o thereupon H&lc;&mQB; bowed oecj more, biting his lips with renewed vexation the while, and then turned to go ; bnt hardly mi bis hand od the handle of the door when BOundB reached him from below which caused turn to spring back £n alarm, And ejaculate fiercely, ** Tracked, by heaven J' as ha hastily locked tbe room door on the inside. ' Be silent, on your life,' he then said in a faarab. whisper, with an entire change of fiyirOT, as he turned a scowling and threat ening glance upon poor Bath, at the same time drawing a loaded pistol out of his pocket. ' If they have made up /.heir minds to ze-poesess yon gratis and for nothing, they ?hall only have you as a corpse,' he added, with even an increase of ferocity. ' And if you attempt to communicate with them ia order to obtain their jacpor I »b*U stake yon Having Dins secured lior silence thrown terror, Halcamus listened once more, and in half a minute or fo he felt thoroughly assured that two, if not three, people had entered tho old house through the door which be bad carelessly loft unfastened, and were now waving about in the downBtaite rooniB and i fiEsages/ Katiirally, he did not for a moment doubt bnt that suspicion had alighted upon himself aa the author of Lady Howarth's abduction from the grounds of Clegg Hall, that he had consequently been secret! v watched and followed from the time of bis entering Roch dale to the present moment, and that it was the officers of tbe law, led on very probably by Sir Harry Howarth in person, who bad now so nearly run him to earth and dis covered his precious secret as well. Fortunately, according to hie view of the case, he had contemplated the possibility of Bach a catastrophe, and hod taken steps to prevent it b'ing BiicccsEful. He had been able to do this becauBB be knew more of the secrete of the haunted nunnorr than dirt most folks. He had explored the old mansion, and unravcllM every nratery conm-ctan there with, at the imminent kauri of Mb life, tco, some three ami a half years previously, wben he hri-1 contemplated tbe practicability of marine a fortune bv starting in business as a coiner, instead of by marrying au heiress, and he bad done it because cninen could only conduct their nefarious manufacture in thu mo&t; si'cret and undiBcoverable or moat shunned of plac-.8. Taming sharp round on Lady Howarth, he now said to her in a threatening whisprr, 'Stuff as much food into your pockets an vou can, but make no sound as you value 'vour existence. All will yet he. well if vou obey me quickly and implicit? ; but if you don't, matters will be very ill indeed with While he was thus seeking to encourage and to frighten her at the same time, he was also tilling his own pockets with pro visions, candles, and other things out of the Unth trembling followed his example, and, half-R-minute later, he pushed her gently on in front of him towards the door of the room which, when ha had first brought her to tbc old honsc, he had told her guarded the entrance to the subterranean chamber which tbe murdered nuns had been thrown into by the Roval Co mmiaei oners, and this he Ofrtined bv leaning ovlt her. almoBt cn dorinK htr in Ms amie the while, as though thereby to prevent all possibility of her donbling upon him and giving him tbe Pasliing her into this inner chamber din-cUy Xhn intervening door was opened wide enough, hn slipped in after her, and haplilv vet cari fully secured it in their rear ; when bv the light of ibc candle which he carried 'in his hand, Rath perceived that they sinnd within an apparlment that was not much larger than a box room, or a capacious old-fashioned stor-' closet, and that had upon one side a yawning fissure, like Hie entrance to a cavern or a mine, up which came a Taw, damp, and foul-amelling At Bight of the eerie- looking hole Euth guessed 'in an instant tbat it was tbe one about which Bhe had heard such a horrible talc, and the terrible apprehension immedi ately ai'ized hold of her that HalcamuH Greenwood was about in murder her and the poor nuns had been treated, and in ber dire terror ehe would have shrieked aloud, bB.l ho rot perceived her intention, and to prevent its fulnlmcDt pressed a hand over her mouth, at the same time whispering in her rar — ' Be quiet, you little fool, and lear nothing, for you ehouH know by tbis time tbat I'm not the man to chuck away a thonsand pounds, or to rnn xuv neck, into a nooBC either, wh*re it can 'poesibi.v be helped. Had I intended to kill you why tbo deuce sbould I have bidden you put food in yonr pockets? D.*ad women Hon't want victuals, do tYiev ? There's nothing at tho bottom of that hole hut a passage, and you'll reach it follow my directions, aye, and 1 also, for I era. As foi* tbe nuns, they w|ire thrown into a very different hole, and I only told yon 'twas this one at the tirst to tame and subdne you. To comfort yon, furthermore, I do solrmnlv promise you that the fresh prison n-hicli I'm abont to secure yon in, -ou will not in all probability1 tenant for fourand twenty hours, at all events if I can possibly prpventitjou won'i.' This speech was certainly reassuring, and Ruth at once arrived at tbe conclusion tbat by far her pafrst course would be to obey hrr gaole in all things, for that she was wholly at bis mercv she could not entertain a doubt. Knowing by the expression of her face tbat sbe bad made up her mind to this c.nunw, Greenwood vouchsafed to call her ' a sensible little woman after all,' and then he lont as it were over tbe chasm, and drew oat of the darkneeB a long plank, having an iron hoop well adapted for a foot rest secured to the bottom thereof. Depositing this on the floor of tbe room, wirb fully a third of its length necessarily haneiug ov.-t the abyss, he bade Ruth lie down at full length thereon, plant her feet firmly aeainst the ring, cross her hands on her chest, and thereafter not to move lest she sbonld receive aninjarv ; and not daring to refuse, she did exactly as she was bidden. Then Greenwood pushed the plank gently forward, and in an instant more it began to slide down the gulf, as so terrible a speed tbat Buth conld not have shrieked out, even had she tried, for sheer want of breath. Sbe vaguely felt that she must be dashed to pieces upon reaching the bottom, instead of that, when the bottom was reached, tbe plank slid along it for some way, and then gradually came to a standstill, eo that when, Bhe bad got back her breath Lady Howarth discovered, almost to her surprise, that she was wholly uninjured. She was in complete darkness, but it did not for long envelop ber, for almoBt im mediately there ensued a sharp clicking noise, which might have frightened her had she not recognised it ae the striking of a flint against steel, and as it ceased the rays of a candle illuminated the awful gloom, and behind it was the face of Halcamus 'F.'ar nothing,' eaid he, 'for as I have kept faith with you in tbis matter so shall I in others. Many oi oot tronbles look to tib like a bottomless pit until we boldly fathom bottom no deeper anil no more terrible than this oae has proved.' He then took her by tbe hand and led her ranecu passage for it, might have been, a quarter of a. mile, and until the rocky floor what, when pree^nUy he stopped opposite to a door, drew ft well oiled key from his jweket and iasertcd it in the huge and ruBty lock. ' Oh, not in there— not in there,' screamed Roth, as a terrible apprehension Brizcd upon her, though she could hardly have told why charin-l boas.'.' '? Not if 1 could pTovLlti you with a no c!ij\rnc'l hunso, however, but into a chapel, find v/liere could one who prides himself uii-)[] being a Christian be safer or happier (Uninacbupelf ' The door scrooped open as he spoke before the Bteaily pressure of his disengaged arm, and leading his captive within it he quickly doB^n it \jcbinil Vhem. Then Lady Howarth glancing timorously around, discovered herself to be in what Ecemed to b'J the strangest place con ceivable. The floor was flagged, the roof vaulted fled supported every here and there by short dummy pillars, while cvery ''c parted , all alike in shape, aVd having on their ll,\t tops the sculptured form of warriors clad in chain mail, their feet crossed upon cushions, a cross upon their breast, and tb-ir huge two-handed swords l}ing by their Bat the horrific ps.rt of the aftiir was that each tomb bad a transparency of some kind let into one of its Bides representing tbe crucifixion, or come agonising martyrdom of Ohrifitian saint or warrior, all of which were illuminated from within by an apparently unquenchable and never - expiring light, doubtlcEs phosphorescent in its nature. On one Eide oE the chapel, which was evi dently a mortuary one, there stood a carved ston? nltar, supporting a cractGx, that was flanked on citucr side by three tall candle sticks, but whatever metal these had once been composed of they were now as black as ebony, though spotted with patches of vivid green. ' On my eouL Bath, I both hope and be lieye that you won't t*n»ut thii gruesome place for more than twenty-four hours at the very ontride, and 1 am prepared to run even a Hide extra hnrard in order to pro serve you from so doing. Meanwhile, how ever, you arc in excellent company here, for the warriors who, pillowed on buckles aold and' hard, lie all around you bavc all in their day fought for the Gross and for Zton, so that even their ghoBts should be better snd more welcome protection to you than tbc championship of doubtless much esthn able living folks. For the rest you have sufficient food and candles to last 3*on with care an entire week, and behold I have for gotten neither your book Dor your wine.' So Raying Hal cam ub Greenwood emptied theconteniaof Mb ample pockets upon one 'But what place is Ibis 7' asked Bath faiutly. 'The mortuary chapel of the Knight* TcmplarB, whose preceptory the baunled house in Goose Lane was centuries before it was converted into a nunnery. Jt i« situa ted, I calculate, immediately beneath the Btill standing Keep tower of tbc old Saxon castle. BerhftpB the subterranean passage wo.B formed to enable the kuightB to retreat from the preceptory to the castle as the stronger defence in time of pned, but all that I know for certain about this place is that I discovered it by chance, and once upon a time contemplated profaning its sanctity, if it Elill poueKCB nny, by malting it a den— not exactly oi thieves, bat o£ And with a scornful and contemptuous laugh Greenwood suddenly darted oufof the chapel, and locked the door behind him. CHAPTER LXV. GRKEKtVOOD DISCOVERS THAT OTHEBB ARE MAKINO USE OF THE OLD HOUSE AS WELL AE HIMSELF. Halcamus Greenwood retraced bis way in the dark along the paesago juBt as easily as he bad traversed it when carrying a lighted candle in his band ; and when he reached the bottom of the Bhaft whose top was In the Becret chamber of tbe nunnery he worked himself np with his hande, feet, and to ascend chimneys. No one bat a professional acrobat could have effected, or, in all probability, would however, and both bis ncrveB and qib musclts must have been as strong as Bteel to have enabled him to perform such a feat. PasGing through the secret chamber he secured the door carefully behind him, and then stood Btill and liBtened in the one that had been Bath's prison. Au expression of mingled annoyance and bewilderment crossed his countenance sb he once more detected the sound of voices coming up from below, and what puzeled him more than aught trlBe was that one of them was most unmistakably a woman's clear flute-like tones. Yet this discovery brought some comfort along with it as well, for if Sir Harry Howarth or his agents bad tracked him hither they would certainly not have brought a woman with them ; wherefore he began to comfort himself with the thought that the intruders must be a party of home less wanderers from afar, who, not knowing ths ill reputation of the old mansion, hod invaded it for a nigbi'B shelter, and would, as a matter of course, take their departure with tbe return of day. To be eccn, even by such people, might, however, prove dangerous ; and , at all events, to reveal bis presence there to them would be tbe height of imprudence ; so Halcamns Greenwood felt In hiB pockets to make sure that tbe stocks of bis pistols were handy to his grasp, and then crept as softly as he en aid downstairs, intending to effect an itr-nediate retreat and eave no one the wiser. Curioairy, however, is a powerful templa women, and so it was tbat, arrived on tbe ground floor, Halcamua Greenwood w&b; seizrd with an irresistible desire to learn who tbe other inmates of the old house, which all Rocbdalians shunned with such horror after nightfall, could possibly be. He therefore approached on tiptoes the door of the room which they evidently for tbe present occupied, and as it possessed near the top one of thoBe little insertions of thick prpen glass. Bhaped like a human eye, to which our ancestors of tbe Tudor era Feem to have been very partial, he was able to look into the apartment ; while the newly risen morm penetrated the dirt-grimed oppo site window just sufficiently to dimly reveal to him three figures, and to show that this two male ones were attired —one like a gentleman and tbe other like a clown, while the woman (for a woman there really was) farmer's wife or daughter. Their conversation, however, proved pre sently to be much more interesting than their personal appearance. ' Well, here we are at lost,' eaid he who what sounded like an assumed cheerfulness Jt seems a cosy nest enough, yet though I had Razed upon it* ex^rior many a ecore of times how little did I ever think that the day would arrive on which circumstances would compel me to hide away within it. Not that I rpgret those circumstances— the part of which I have played in them I mean —for I take it that no bonesl man would have actel otherwise' ' I regret exceedingly, though, all your fair prospect* in life have been ruined, and even that life itself placed in imminent jeopardy, by tbc magnanimous and shrlval rous conduct of which you have alone been guiltr ; for, alas, as guilt of tbe very deepest dye will the Hanoveriftn|Government, I fear, regard it. Unhappily, too, it looks very much as though the authorities bad guesed the very direction of our flight, or surely the rewards for our apprehension, with a most unpleasantly correct description of our personal appearance, would hardly have mot our gaze, evidently still damp from the paste pot, while merely Bkirting the town, which was all that we dared venture upon doing.' Tbis from tbe seeming gentleman, in a tone that bespoke an admixtnre of resig nation as far as he himself was concerned, but of keen commiseration for his com panion in misfortune. Tbe clown, however, responded with a laughing— ' Ycb, It was certainly very strange tbat. and I'm sure I never imagined that my foolish head would be valued at five hundred guineas, or that it would be con sidered more to tbe advantage of the com munity at large tbat it should be off my shoulders than on them. Hut there, there, I have no occasion to be vain on that point, ' I wish from the very depths of my heart tbat by surrenderinc it up I could secure the safetv of yours,' waBthe reply, to which the speaker was evidently about to add something further had not the female suddenly broken in with a voice that gave the concealed listener a kind of thrill : 'Oh, don't talk of snrrendnring up your life, or as if you abandoned even hope. No one will think of searching for you in this haunted mansion, as I have assured you over and over again, and I both can and will keep you supplied with food and evcrv other real euBcntial to existence until an opportunity arrives for your getting away, reaching the coast, and crossing over to France.' 'Hobo!' thought HalcamuB GreenwoM to himself, ' th^s' arc Jacobite refugees with a price on their heads, and a most respectablp price into the bargain. I suppose from this tbat their little wasps' neBt up at Preston has been burnt out at last, and that the rebellion is wholly crushed also. It's very strange tbat I never came across those reward bills while looking flo keenly for the other. Let me think, a thousand pounds and a thousBud pounds, ave and five hundred agreeable sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, and I don't sec what's to prevent such a pleasant one that he could hardly repress a chuckle of intense glee. He stifled ii, however, for bis own safety's Bake, and also ia order that he might miss no portion of the conversation that was still being carried on. But, much to bis disgust and disappoint together, and were talking in such Jow tones that he could hardly catch one word out of every do?.en tbat they uttered. Then after a little while, they, as with one consent-, came towards the door outside which be was standing, most probably with the intention of further exploring the old bouse in order to discover which were the Bnt, whatever their motive was, he knew fall well that it would be dangerous for htm to remain there any longer, wherefore he beat as hurried and u silent a retreat m possible, by the way both be and they had entered tbc bouie, the front; dwr, *nd leaving it as be had found it he traversed the weed grown garden, and waB jaet about to make bis way through a gap in the bawtborn hedge into Ghost Lane when a most atrangu medley of sounds Buddenly bunt upon his startled cars. | To be Continued Nest Wednesday,;] 