THE MATCH AND ITS PROGRESS. FULL PAETICULAES. (By Ball.) MELBOURNE, Fridat. a iouna myseit on Tuesday afternoon last on board the Union Steamship Com pany s fine steamer Eotomahana bound for the Victorion metropolis to witness what every one fondly anticipates will prove one of the grandest and stiffest battles ever tought out in the hictory of cricket. There were a few others on board bound on the same errand, among them being Mr J. G Daviea, M.H.A., who is well known as an ardent supporter and, follower of cricket in Southern Tasmania. We had a very pleasant ma across. Neptune was kindly diposed, and bore us on his boBuna with a gentleness and placidity that were emin«Qtly calculated to agree with our inter n .1 economy ?. Everyone who has had ' any expuriunce on the Union Company's 'boats an therefore imagine we had a very pleasant; time. of it, for the arrangements for tho comfort of passengers and the civility and attention they received from the servants o£ the company are certainly not exceeded by any line in the colonies. The topic of the probable eleven to repre sent Australia in the final struggle for supremacy formed food for muiSh discussion on board, and the subject seemed to thrive as well on sea as xt does on land- In particular Charlie Eady's chances for a place were keenly debated — to be or not to be— and I think our worthy chairman of committees would have declared if he had heard the discussions — 'The noes have it.' It was agreed that good as Charlie was there were too many better. On arrival eager enquiries were made as to whether the selection committee had done their work, but they had not, and those prepared to criticise it had perforce to rest content with letting it be known how they ought to do it. Soon after my arrival I hied to the Melbourne Cricket Ground to. see the men at practice. There they were hard at it, and they were closely watched by an interested crowd which must have nearly reached a thousand. Never I dare Bay were the' trials of probable Melbourne Cup winners watched with a greater amount of curiosity and intertst than was -.'bestowed upon these heroes of the cricket fields of Australia and England. M'Kibbin especi ally was 'singled out for attention and comment, and the command which he had over the ball and his wonderful leg breaks were a treat to witness, and in the opinion of almost all made his inclusion in the ; team a certainty. Lyons, too, was in capital form. On Thursday morning the v South Australian contingent did some ,.:?[ excellent work, while in the afternoon the ; Englishmen turned up in force, and their every movement was watched with absorbing ?i interest by a large gathering of enthusiasts. Melbourne is fairly wild with excitement over the contest, and the honour of the .colony financially has to take a baok seat in the presence of what is considered the : prime object of life for the preseDt — to : obtain the honours of supremacy in the , cricket arena. Indeed enthusiastic is not . the word to use to'describe the feeling;, mad wonld be nearer the mark. Id many quarters loud complaint has been made that the opening day was not proclaimed a public holiday, which suggestion '-drew;a sarcastic lettar in the columns of the Age to the effect that not only, nad the Ministers of the Crown failed in their duty by not gazetting the day a holiday, but that it would only be in accordance with the eternal fitness of things, were the ministers of religion to offer up prayers next Sunday for the success of the Auatra lian eleven, and he thus expresses himself ,t !'...«?-' There must be few (and they only of . the unthinking order) among us who have not long recognised that if there is one element stronger* than another of our moral and intellectual resources which promises to make us great among the. nations, ib in that which is represented by our pioneers in -the cricket field.' However, there will be two days' ; play before Sunday arrives, and the result up till then will show whether Australia ' needs such extraneous assistance to win, and should it be availed of we may yet see the spectacle of the next English eleven bringing out a' clergyman or two in their train in order that their side of the case may be fairly represented and advocated in the same quarter. Unfortunately for Tasmania's chance of being able to boa3t that Bhe contributed to the .victory that Australia is so eager to obtain, Eady in the matches in which he has-been tried by the M.C.C. has been far from successful. On Wednesday he play d on the Warehousemen's Ground against eleven associated players, but he oould only manage to compile a modest 17, and the style in which he obtained them was decidedly unsatisfactory aad fluky— every- body being disappointed at the exhibition he gave. He secured in addition a couple of wicket3 at a cost, of 66 runs. With this performance his chance of figuring in the team disappeared. The . work of selection eeems to have proved easier than it has -hitherto been, for after each selector had chosen his eleven it was found that Black ham and Giffen had picked exactly the same, and of course their names stood with Turner twelfth man. Lyons and M'Kibbin ' found themselves included. . The arrangements for the match are of the most complete character,, and. Major Wardill, the capable secretary of the M.C.C., and his assistants have spared no pains or expense to make adequate pro vision for the immense crowd expected, and which it is estimated will reach the lecord total of somewhere about 40,000. In every petition of the ground extra stands have been provided, in the erection of which a large staff of carpenters have been engaged during the early portion of the week. . ? The route to 'the ground; this morning was almost a continuous stream of humanity on trams travelling to the scene of the battle, which soon after the gates were opened presented a busy scene. The people continued to pour in, and soon all the beat vantage spots were occupied by, the eager throng, while the members' -pavilion and capacious stands presented a perfect sea of faces. To-morrow it is expected there will be hardly standing room. The match must inevitably dp a great amount 'of financial injury to the V.B.C. The day was an ideal one for cricket. The suu was hidden by fleecy clouds, an-2 so there was a total absence of that fierce glare which is so trying, to those in the field., while a delightfully cool breeze made the atmosphsre deliciously cool and bracing; When the hands of the clock came round to twelve Giffen and Stoddait, the two captains, tossed in front Jof the pavilion. Stoddarfc cried to Giffeu's toss, and the latter's jump for joy plainly showed that Australia had won, and hearty cheers from all round the ground greeted the news. At seven minutes past twelve Stoddartled hie men — Gay.and Humphreys standing out— into the field, followed by H. Trott and Btuce, loud cheers greeting them. No time was lost in getting to, work, Trott taking first, strike from EichardBon. Trott drew first blood off the third ball, and Bruce broke his duck with tho next. Peel opened from the pavilion end, and off his second ball made a prefcty latw cut to tbe chaina— the fir3t four of the game— and off the first and third ball of his next over he did the same, the crowd enjoying his rough treatment of Pell, who shook his head doubtfully and changed the field somewhat. Bruce bad now made ,16, while Trott had made only one. Troth, however, made his firsL' four by. a teriffic cut to the boundary off Peel. Richardson was putting on tho pace, and some of his balls got up very awkwardly. Trotfc, how ever, got hold of one before it had time to rise, and sent it round to leg for four. This rnade the ncore 26— put up in less than a quarter of an hour. ? Trott then h ad a narrow escape from being taken in the slips, he havinggjust tipped one 6C Peel's, but the fieldman could not reach it. Bruce' t made the score 33 with a beautiful lats ( out—his strokes of this character being of \ the most finished character, and be'ng , loudly applauded. Bruce had scored two f to Trott's one. At this stage, however, £ when play in g Eichardson the shoulders of i his bat came right out, and he had to c return to the pavilion for repairs, which c was made an opportunity to 'give, him an j ovation. The rest of the over kept him on \ the defensive. Scoring became slower, , and then Peel^s change in the field worked - for M*Laren,whom he had brought up from ( deep out, took a hot one from Bruce, aud £ though he did not at first hold it he freezed , on to it at the second attempt, and Bruce ( was out.' He stuck for a long time at 22, ?; and could not get past it. 1—22— 40. Giffen \ followed and opened confidently, Trott c drove Bichardson to the fence for four, and ] Briggs misfielding gave him a single, which , brought ,the Australian captain opposite ( the Surrey express, but he contented him- c self with playing the remainder of the over \ quietly. Ten minutes to one saw 50 on the board, Trott doing all the scoring. A big ♦ leg break from Feel completely beat Giffon, E who just managed to glance it off his c wickets, and off the next ball he got his £ first run— a smartly run single. Then r Eichardson gave him a rap on the pad3 \ that somewhat shook him. Both bowlers r were now -dead on the wicket, and the \ batsmen had tp treat them with great res- ^ pect, scoring for some time being slow.until 0 Giffen brought 60 up with a cut that was B a real beauty, and for which they ran s three. A little by-play between the s batsmen afforded the spectators a s attle amusement by way of' re lieving the monotony. : The fielding v of the Englishmen was not as accurate as / it might have been. Peel brought a man 1 round to square leg for Trotfs especial ] benefit, and the batsman ? showed his appreciation of the favour by getting a J couple in the slips. Lockwood, when the v score Btood at 65, took the ball from , Eiehardson, and off his first ball Giffen got i a single placed to his credit.' Troth made a big slog at one of Lockwood's, and i not getting hold of it was nearly j bowled. Peel's next over waB a series of tempting balls for Giffen's benefit, but the wily South Australian was not to be had, and continued his cateful game. At 72 Peel gave up. the ball to Briggs, who sent down a maiden, for which he had to thank a smart piece of fielding by Peel. A number of maiden overs from both bowlers followed, intermingled with a few singles. The batsmen both played with pjnaummate care, and many of Lock wood's balls which had a tendency to get up they both declined to have anything to do with. The fielding was gttting smarter. When the adjournment took place for lunch the score stood at 76. Peel had obtained the. only wicket down at the cost ? of 33 runs. On resuming, Briggs a^d Lockwood again were ectrusted with the, ball, but tbe batsmen pursued the laches they had adopted before the adjournment. A beauti ful cut by Giffen, however, off Briggs to the chains brought forth admiring cries of 'Well done, George,' while directly ; after he made a tremendous let out at a loo?e ball from the popular Lancashire professional. Ifc was a misshit, however, for he did not ca'chhpld of it, and a sigh voluntarily escaped from the crowd. The cricket con tinued Blow, and the spectators had to be content with cheering every single, and the various Bmart pieces of fielding. Trott, however, made a pretty hit for four off Briggs, and repeated fie dose nexb ball, but it was stopped just on the boundary, and the/batsmen thinking it would reach the fence only ran two. When the first csntury was hoisted amid hearty cheering Trott had 42 to his credit and Giffen 41. This happened at a quarteif to three, 24 runs having been added in the half hour's play since the luncheon interval. With oneruu addfid Brigge bowle'l Trott, who had played well for his 42, Giffen and Trott had put on 61 during their partnership. Bcigga's wicket had cost him 18 runs. Iredale partnered Giffen, and after showing rather too keen a desire for short runs settled down in steady style; Giffen also on one occasion seemed zo court a run out, but on second thoughts he recovered his ground, and just in .time. Lockwood was bowling consistently well, and both of the batsmen had to play him with great caution. He sent down, one very loose ball to Giffen on the leg side, but the Australian captain did not get properly hold o? it,and,. instead of. sending it over the fence as be should have done, just touched it — four resulting. Giffen sserned decidedly weak in his hitting power on the leg side. In cluding, this four, it took a quarter of. an hour to add six runs to the total. Thia, considering the wicket, was almost perfection, if not quite so, 3peaks volumes for the bowling and fielding jf the- Englishmen. : Brown at point 3specially was repeatedly cheered for his ivoik; ...At 112 Eichardson took the ball from Lockwood, and a smart cut by Iredale *ave J3riggs a chance to distinguish ! limself in the fielding line, while Peel a jouple of balls later took the fancy of the srowd by a splendid piece ;of smart return ng. Bcockwell also gained the .plaudits of 3he, onlookers, but all round the fielding was a most conspicuous feature in the play. Stiffen made some very pretty leg prlances iff Eichardson for four, and off Briggs for i couple. Kichardson, who was bowling well,' his. balls keeping much lower, completely beat Iredale with a ball which iust went over the bails, and a couple of mils later got^ohe right into his timber. $—8—126. Sid Gregory took his place. Pear took the ball from- Briggs at the pavilion end, and sent down a maiden. Gregory, with a very clean leg glance, jpened his tally with a four off the fast jowler, who had a good breez9 at his back, -f which, he took full advantage, and sent ;hem in at his fastest pace. Giffen, with a single a few minutes after half -past three sompleted his first half century to the lelight of his admirers, which practically neans all present, and 130 also was lpisted. Giffen, although he seemed jerfectiy at home, waB nevertheless, oontent ;o continue the steady game he had played vith such success, and only tried to score »ff anything approaching a loose ball. He nade several pretty glances off Bichard on's fast ones, one- going past Ford in the lipc for a lucky four. When he had added ieven to his half century he jumped out to me of Peel's, but missed the, ball and was jowled, a Bad blow tp the hopes of the Lustralians, for four wickets for 142 on men a wicket was nothing to boast about. Peel had now taken two, wickets for 38 :uns. Darling, who is a,left -bander, joined ;he New South Welshman, and before le had scored had a narrow escape -f .being caught and bowled, for possibly aad Eichar dson followed : his .ball up he jould have secured it. It was a fast one, however, and Eichardsoh had not recovered from his delivery. Darling and Gregory aontinued the same slow rate of .,- Bcoring, bhe only brilliant stroke for some time being a vigorous cut to the boundary for' four by Gregory, which brought the score to 152, when the four o'clock adjournment 'took place: Gregory was not out 15, and Darling not out 2. After the ' 10 minutes' adjournment Darling and Gregory, put a very different aspect on tha game. For; a time they played most carefullyj though the score mounted up steadily. Stoddurt ? changfd the bowling, puMiug on Krock well and Briggs, but still no separation could be effected, and a few minutes past five Darling, with a grand cut for four, brought ? 200 on the board, his own individual total being 30, while the Sydneyite ? had made 38.' Then ihe game livened up, and Gregory in particular took a liking to Brockwell's balls, and punished them severely, two fours and a three being scored by him off three de liveries. The spectators, whose numbers had shown a considerable increase as the various oflbes in the city closed, also warmed, up, and showed ? unmistakably their appreciation of the rongh treatment meted out to the English bowler'; Peel was brought on, but Gregory continued to score at a ripid rate, and quite an enthusi astic ovation was given the popular Sid. when he passed Giffdn's score. Darling then hud 46 to his credit, and the South Australian's i'riendo eagerly watched him in the hope that he would reach the half century, as a present of £50 awaited him on his return home in the event of his doing so. For a long time he stuck at 46, Gregory doing what scoring was done. He got a couple of them by cutting Peel for a couple, which he soon after followed up by a similar stroke for four off Lockwood. who had replaced Eichardson. a.t ?' ten minutes to six Eichardson teas again tried at his old end with the wind at his back, and Ford was brought on in lieu of Peel. This had the effect of keeping down the runs foria time, but the batsmen were immov able. Darling was now scoring the faster of the two and his fatal gradually ap lead,, of 18 on his partner, and, when after a magnificent drive for four off Ford the board'showed that each stood at 70, the cheering ' was loud and long. When play ceased for the day the total was fbur wickett for 282, Diri ing haying 72 to his credit and Gregory 70, both not out, and sundries amounted,, to 11. Both men received a most enthusiastic reception, for they had undoubtedly saved their Bide. The analysis showed that Eichardson had taken one wicket for 81, Peel two for 70, and Briggs one for 45 5 MELBOUENE, Saturday. Friday night the sky presented an omtnoua aspect; that was sufficient to oanse doubts to arise in the minds of many as to whether the olouds which bo effectually concealed every star in the heavens would not weep more or less either before or on the following day. These gloomy anticipations were, however, completely dispelled this morning, when a precisely similar day So the previous one made the conditions meteorologically as perfect as cricketers and spectators alike could deBire. A steady rush of the public invaded the Melbourne Cricket Ground, and when . the hands of : the dock pointed to twelve all the pavilions, and stands were paoked, while the ' bob ' crowd pre sented every appearance of being the phe nomenally large one which Major Wardill anticipated it would be. To look [round the ground one oould not help giving a sigh of sympathy with the V.B.O., whose attendance must have been terribly discounted . by the strong attraction which the cricket matohin its interesting stage presented. Among those present in the pavilion I noticed several prominent Launoeston residents. The Englishmen turned out Into -the field punctually and were warmly reoelved. Darling, not out 72, and Gregory, not out 70, followed them out and took their place at the wlcketB, thoir reception at the hands of the spectators as may easily he imagined being enthusiastic Feel opened the bowling to Darling, who got a smartly run elogle off the seoond^ball, bat Peel fielding the hit and throwing it in at his own end to try to effeot a run out, an overthrow . for one resulted. Darling hit out at the neitt, but the break beat him,' and instead of driving it ha sent it in the Blips, where Ford effaoted a Bmart left-handed catoh, and the South Aus tralian had to return to the pavilion with his foore standing at 74 Lyons opened -with a single off his firBt ball. The crowd watohed him with breathless interest, and bis confident style, despite one or two strokes, seamed to please them. At 286 disaster again overtook ' the Australians, for Gregory just touched a fast one from Riohardeon, which flaw straight into the hands of PbillipBon. behind the /wickets. The rule of partnership applied to that of Darling and Gregory, for when one went the other soon followed. The applause whioh greeted him was, however, considerably subdued by the knowledge that six were down for 286, and that two good wickets had fallen in rather more than five minutes. Graham now joined Lyons. A loud 'Ohl' from all round the ground greeted a bad stroke on the part of the South Australian, whioh Peel made a gallant attempt toreaoh, but it fell out of harm's way K and when the over — a maiden — had been negotiated by the giant of the team the speotatora felt bo ? ?-..-.? / ??.'.'?.? ? - ?.;??-?.?':?? ? ??.. -1 ?? relieved that they burst into a kind of aufcomatio applause. The burly South Australian was Dot long in getting into doable figures, a fine oat for four — all ran out— making him 10, and hia many admirers were immensely delighted and sure that Jack would make a score. One of Feel's beat Graham, but his pads stopped it, the bowler raising his hands over his head in mate expression of keen disappointment, it htving beaten the bat and failed to obtain the wioket. Graham's first good hit— a fonr to leg off the Surrey fast bowler — brought the 300 on the board. When four runs, however, bad been added, Kiohardron bowled the Vlotorlan with a beautiful length ball, whioh took the Btumpa just below the balls. Graham had only made half a dozen. Three wloir ts had fallen in half an hour for only 22 runs. and. Alb. Trott went in to stay the rot. In the remain der of the fast bowler's over he made a two and a three, while he oat the last ball of Feel's next over above the heads of the field to the obalna, making his total nine. Trott for some time monopolised the bowling, but Lyons the next ball he received — one from Klchardaon — credited himself with a quartet— a beautiful drive along the oarpe*-. An appeal was made against him for a o&toh; at the wlokets off the next ball, but the umpire would not listen co it. The prospeot of a lengthy stand by Lyons and Troti roused the immenie crowd from the despondency caused by the disaster of the first 30 minutes' play, and eaoh hit was loudly applauded, the /scene ' bsing positively enthusiastic when Lyons put two 'jnooessive balls from Klohardapa to the attains, and the next to leg for a slng'e, whioh made his soore 30, Trott's standing at 10., while the total waa 230. The extraordinary antics of a ' Yorker' from Blohard«on, which Lyons blooked, provided amusemen!; for the specta tors, the ball ecrewing round to leg while Lyons waa vainly ' searching for it to see it did not roll on to his wiokefc. At 3'35 Trott fell a victim to Feel, being taken by Lookwood In a vary easy manner. Peel had throughout proved too good for Trott, who repeatedly opened his shoulders to him, and tried to get him away but failed. Jarvis took the crease. Lyons snicked himself into the forties off Richardson, the ball reaching the fence. The next was a very bumpey one, and jumped off Lyons, but dangerously high, in the air. Luckily for him no one could reach it, Brown making a gallant attempt at it. But it wanted a man a3 tall as the batsman. Jarvis waa playing steadily, leaving Lyons to do the run getting, but he credited himself with a triplet by a pretty cut off a full pitch ball from the Surrey bowler. He also got Peel away to aquare leg for four In mosfc workmanlike manner. At 3'59 Lookwood took the ball from Eiohardaon. His first delivery whistled over Lyons'a wicket, and the orowd whistled too. The next Lyons out to the boundary, whioh made him 51 ; the following two he drove for a couple eaoh, but just as the apeotators were beginning to comment on the expensiveness of the over the South Australian with a moBt wretched stroke tipped one gently and surely into Phlllipson's hands and nine wickets were down for 367. M'Klbbin, the oolt of whom such great things are expeoted in the bowling line, partnered Jarvis, and the field was brought closer io, presenting a marked oontrast to its arrangement when Lyom was batting. Several smart runs were effected, but M'Klbbin nearly run himself out by his own hesitation. When half-past one arrived these two were still together and batting freely, though popular opinion was that they would not last long, judging at any rate from the ?tentorlan yell of 'Play on'tbat resounded from the 'barracking' element of the assemblage. Of oourse no heed was taken, and the adjournment took place as usual. The luncheon hour witnessed a very large influx of spectators, and when play was re , sumed at 2'15 the players were hemmed In all round by a solid phalanx of humanity, the attendance being estimated at close on 30,000. Speculation was rife as to whether the last wioket woald see 400 hoisted, and when M'Klbbin was instrumental in doing this by a nice drive for four at PeePa expense those who had won drinks on it felt pleaded as well as f thirsty, while those who lost did so with a grace born of satisfaction. Stoddart had to | try the effect of another change in the bowling I before the Innings closed Richardson and Briggs replacing Lockwood and Peel- Richard Bon seemed rather too much for M'Klbbin to negotiate, but he survived the over, only, ; however, to fall a victim toBriegs's slows, one of which he lifted to mld-bff, where Peel, I effected an easy oatoh, and the Australian's firBt innings olosed for the exoallent total of 414 When the bowling analysis was made up : It was found that Briggs came oat top with two for 46. Peel following with four for 114. while Richardson's three oost him 133, an- [ * Lookwood's one was .obtained at. an expense of 72 runs. The soore at the fall of the vanouB wicket! *tood at 40, 101, 126, 142, 284. 286, 304, 335\. 367, and 414. , ; A quarter of an hour saw the wicket rolled and Brookwell and Ward faoing the bowling of Glffen and H. Trott. The South Australian, bowled first -from thejrailway end, the over yielding bIx. of which Brookwell made five. Trott met with extraordinary success, inasmuch a, Brockwell went out to his first delivery, and was smartly stumped by Jarvis I who never save him a ghost of » ohanoe to get I back over his oreasp. One iov.Blx was a disas trous beginning for the Englishmen, ^ and I Stoddart seemed in a very pensive and dis appointed mood when he went out to take Brookwell's plaoe, only raising bis eyes off the ground to acknowledge the hearty recptlon he received. The utmost care characterised the play of both batBmen, ; and ior a long .tuna Singles were, the order of the day, and the innings had lasted quite forty minutes before the Middlesex amateur mada the first four, Prott having to pay for this luxury. Sooring aow became faster, but both Stoddart and Ward felt the responsibility upon their shoulders and ran no risks, Ward in particular playing a blooking game ; in foot he only made six while his captain put on 26. Whan bhe score reached 45 Harry Trott, whose one wioket had cost 14 runs, was taken aff, and his brother A. E put on, while Glffen, who had been punished to the tune of 30 without the satisfaction of a wloket gave way, bo M'Klbbin, and the orowd was on the tiptoe of expeotancy to see how he would shape. Ward 3id not seem to relish his deleveries, and in his Brat over put one up over the head of Trott at point, the fieldsman just touching it, though Lt could hardly be called a ohanoe, The double shange diminished the rate of scoring for a few overB, but before long the batsmen began to put on runs steadily by aoianfclfio and acou rate, if not brilliant, play, and when 94 was on the board H. Trott was brought back to his old end. 'Bowl him, and let's get on,' yelled an uneasy apeotator to M'Kibbin as he oom menoed an over at Stoddart, but it was % case of easier said than done. The English OAptala's time was . not yet come, and before the orowd experienced the relief of seeing him on his way back to the pavilion they were destined to witness thecleanneas and precision with wbich be pnnished anything whioh it was safe to hit. Only one loose ball did Stoddart miss— one that pitched outside his leg stump— and no doubt M'Kibbin duly congratulated himself when the batsman misced (inch a glorious opportunity of making the first five of the match. The honour of dismissing the Englieh captain was reserved for Harry Trott, . who. after repeated unsuooeasf ul attempts, at length sucooeded in tempting him. Wben the f/oore stood at 110 he jumped out to a tioer. and missing It Jarvis had tho bails off 'in the twinkling of an eye. It was the smartest hit of stamping Imaginable, and1 for a time the throng waa uncertain as to whether . Sfcoddarb was in or out;. But when he oommenoed to move away from the orease a eoene of intense enthusiasm prevailed. Hats were waved, handkerchiefs displayed, while those in the pavilion and the stands rose to their feet and oheered lustily, first for Jarvis, then for Trott, while when the full figure of the dismissed batsman drew nearer the reserve every eye and avery cheer was directed at him, the fallen hero running into the pavilion in order not to necessarily prolong the ovation bestowed upon him. The Australians now breathed more freely. Jarvis immediately soared to a pinnacle of fame in the eyes of the crowd hitherto un known to him, and so great was their confidence in him that every ball that passed the wioket and was taken by him was for a second or bo regarded as another wioket down. Indeed, when Jarvis did make an appeal against Brown a loud whoop of ' Out' from scores of throats waa heard long before Philllps's oalm ' Not out' was delivered. The wish was Indeed father to the thought. When Giffen brought H. Trott back in plaoe of his brother mmy anticipated he would relieve M'Kibbin at the other end, but the colt was allowed to continue, and after he had sent down a maiden bowled Ward with a splendid ball that oame in from leg. Three were down for 112, of whioh Ward had made 32 by very cautious play. M'Klbbin had been bothering Ward all through, and at laBt suooeeded In getting his wicket. M'Laren waB next in, and scoring became fastar, M'Laren being credited with two fours off suc cessive balls through Graham's carelessness, the next ball, too, being despatched in the same direction, but the loudly expressed disappoint ment of the orowd had Its effeot on Graham, and this one was smartly returned. With 140 up Bruce, fielding very olose in at square leg, tried to snap Brown off the bat, but. he was not quite able to reach it. At 151 A. E. Trott was Drought back in place of his brother, and after M'Laren had made a couple of graceful leg sweeps to the boundary-- one off each bowler— Giffen took the ball from M'Kibbin, The South Australian, however, was decidedly off colour, and repeatedly Bent down looae balls, which were Immediately despatched to the boundary. It is said that he is suffering from the effeot of several smart raps he re ceived on his fingers when batting, ' However, young Trott with a fast ball bowled the York nhireman, who had played a free innings for 30, including five boundary hits. Pe«?l j-iued M'Liren, who had made 25, and both scored freely off each of the bowlere, the manner in whioh the amateur swung, round and punished Giffen to leg being very effective. M'Laren raised 200 by putting M'Kibbin, . who at 186 relieved A, E. Trott, to leg for four, and at that stage stumps were drawn, M'Laren being not out 40 andPeel not out 18. MELBOURNE, Monday. ; Compared with Saturday's Immense atten dance the ground was only sparsely filled to day when the bell rung to warn the players that the hour of twelve was at hand- Never theless there waa a great many present, and they continued to pour in in a steady stream, whioh waa sufficient to indicate that publio interest in the contest waa in no way di minished, and that after lanoh ths ground, would present Its well-filled aspect of Friday afternoon. . There was a change in the weather, the beautiful cool breeza of the first two days having been replaced by a warm northerly one. Within a few seoonds of twelva Giffen led his men out, ind M'Laren and Peel soon followed to continue their innings. A. E. Trott opened the bowling to M'Laren. who got a single off his fifth delivery. M'Kibbin took the ball at the pavilion end with the wiud behind him, and opened with a maiden. M'Laren got Trott away with hiB characteristic) leg glanoofor a ooaple, and next bill but ona a pretty late out to the boundary showed plainly that Sunday's rest had by no means put his eye out aa an interruption bo often does. Peel brought 210 on the board by putting M'Kibbin In the Blips for thrse, all run out. Another lpg hit by M'Laren to the fence off M'Kibbin made him 51, and wben he drove the next ball to the on for another quartet he was deservedly and Impartially oheered. Peel was content with singles. ' Twenty runa were added In lesi than a quarter of an hour. A fas* Ute out by Peel off Trott was beautifully stopued and returned by M'Klbbin, who was fielding splendidly, and then the Yorkshtreman made a lucky two by a enick to leg whlob just kept the ball off his stumps. M'Klbbln'tben pitcher! one well up to Peel, and It went; olean and hard along tho grass to the fenoe for four, bringing 230 up. Lyons smartly stopped a ball, which was appre ciated and duly applauded by tho crowd, the South Australian not being noted for his work In the field, whioh is often enough to demoralise the whole team. So far, however, in this matoh be has fielded fairly well. M'Klbbln appealed for lbw ag*lnst Peel, but unsuccessfully. Trott and M'Kibbin now managed to materially reduce the rate of scor ing, but the batsman, M'Laren, played the bowling with the greatest confidence and with a bat so straight as to make his wioket im pregnable, Trott, with a very fast one, surprised batsman, wicketkeeper, and indeed everyone on the ground, , the ball travelling to the pavilion fence and bringing sundries Into double figures. A smart piece of quick running stole a single, the feat receiving a double round of applause, one for the rnn and one because with it 240 went up. Giffen took the ball from the Bathurot representative, and the change waa reoeived in silence, his punishment of the pre vious day being remembered. The over yielded four. His next was a maiden, tho amateur playing it carefully. The first of Trott's next over rose abruptly, and went up ia the slips off Peel's bat, but fell out of danger, though three men made a rush for it. It was, how ever, not a ohinoe. When 250 went up M'Laren had 61 and Peel 43. The average rate of thn sooring had been a run a minute. A splendid bit of fielding by H. Trott at point looked for all the world like a high one- handed oatoh, but Peel had cut the ball hard on to the turf and was in no danger of losing his wioket. There was a great improvement In the Australian oaptaia's bowling on that of the present day ; he kept a far bettor length and was much more difficult to negotiate. Twos and singles, chiefly by M'Liren off Trott, brought 260 on the board, and then Peel palled Giffen round to square leg for four. Driving the next high over the bowler's head, Iredale rushed from near the fence to get under, but though he suooeeded the pace at which he was travelling was too fast for him to hold the ball, whioh he let drop. Disappointment reigned supreme. The two run for the chance made Peel 50. At this stage Bruce was tried in place of Trott, and sent down a maiden for a starb. Peel made a precisely similar hit to that off which Iredale so nearly caught him, and Giffen brought that fieldsman almost directly behind him for Peel's especial benefit. This hit brought the total to 272, M'Laren havir)g|reaohed 70, while the York shire professional was only one short of 60. Both batsmen had ' refreshers,' and soon after 280 appeared, M'Laren just touching one- of Glffen's to the boundary to leg. A single by Peel made the Bcore 282 ' for four wickets, exaotly the total when Darling and Gregory returned to the pavilion on Friday evening when stumps were drawn, and for the same number cf wickets. It did not, however, remain long at that, for Peel, as . soon as the figures were up, legged Giffea for a quartet. M'Laren Was loudly oheered when his total reached 75, which was .top score of the match so far. Giffen vatwd hiB tactics bv bringing the field on the off side much closer In, some of hia balls being pitched rather short and getting up awkwardly. M'Laren, however, refused to be had, and kept them down. At the adjourn ment the total was 295, of which M'Laren had 78 and Peel 66, both being heartily oheered as they oame in. The attendance slnoe play oommenoed hl»d increased enormously, and all the pavilions and sfcanda were densely packed by a large gathering, whiih took a c'oie interest in every detail of the play and applauded almost every stroke or bit of work deemed worthy of suoh. Taken all round the orowd was very impartial. The outlook as far as tbe weather is con cerned is not; pleasant Mr Ellery pxpects rain to-nighf', but possibly not much. MELBOURNE, Monday. During the luncheon hour to-day, when my laBt budget was despatched, a great influx of spectators arrived, and when play wa3 resumed about 2'20 it was estimated that fully 12;000 people were present. The immense grandstand was packed to its utmost capacity, while even an abutting stone fringe around it was alive with venturesome youths, who perched themselves along it, and had a good, if not too comfortable, view of the arena. The ladies were present ia force, and each pirfcy bad its picnic basket, for to leave one's sea1', for a ijiagle moment was to Io3e il; for tbe day, as many a thirsty individual found to his cost during the afternoon. The play during the forenoon had been all in favour cf th-;- Englishmen, who bad in an hour and a half increased their total by 95 without the loss of a wicket. On resuming M'Kibbin took Bruce's place at the railway end, while Giffen continued to bowl from the pavilion wicket. M'Laren by a beautiful leg stroke off the Bathurst bowler, made himself 80 and the total 300, bhe last hundred having taken exaotly the aanie number of minutes to compile. Four wickets for 300 seemed to promise a big score by the Englishmen — the Australians had seven wicket3 down for only four over the third century — but any calculations based on suppositions of thiB character were, a3 events turned out, doomed to go very much astray. Ghffea'a bowling after lunch was very superior to what he wa8 sending down piior to the adjournment, while it could not in any way be compared to his loose deliveries of the second day. Good, howeverj as his bowling was, a certain section of the crowd was persistent in. its advice to the Australian captain to take himself off. Of this, how ever, he simply took no not:c^, and though he replaced M'Kibbin by the younger Trott he kept pegging away afc his own end, evidently determined to wipe off that obnoxious blank on the scoring boatd which represented the number of wickets he had captured. Nor was it long before he succeeded. M'Laren, amid cheers, completed his century at M'Kibbin's ex pense.butin Giffen's next over the partner ship after yielding 162 runs came to an end, Gregory at inid-on taking a chance offered him by Peel off the South Austra lian's delivery. Peel had made eight fours in his 73, which he had taken two hours and three-quarters to compile. Oae very amusing feature occurred during his stay at tha wicket3. It was one of those coin cidences that so often happen on a cricket field, although I do not remember having heard of or seen an exactly similar one. Jarvis, behind the wickets, appealed for a catch against Peel, and the batsman turn ing round and walking away to the pavilion, the crowd yelled with delight under the impression that he was out. Peel and those in the pavilion, however, had the laugh of the crowd, for Ford was waiting at the gate with a drink for the batsman, who still had a long lease of life, the crowd good-humouredly joining in the merri ment. Lockwood, who joined M'Laren, did not stay long, for he had only made four when Harry Trotfc at short square leg caught him Btuartly, this wicket also falling to Giffen. During the last partnership H. Trott had taken his brother's place at the railway end. Disaster continued to pursue the Englishmen as it had the Audtralians when the long partner ship of Gregory and Darling had termi nated. Ford, of whom a good score might reasonably have been expected, opened fairly well. He got Giffen away to equare leg for four, and then hit one back to him, which the bowler took, and moBt people thought he was out. The umpire, however, decided in the batsman's favour, and Ford continued his innings by giving Giffen a chance in the slips which the mereBt tyro in tae game should not have miBsed, bub which the Australian captain most un accountably let fall through his fingers. As it turned out the mistake was not an expensive one, for when he had punisheti Trott for four the lucky batsman fell a victim to Albert Trotb in the slips, G;ffen gutting the credifc of the wicket, whereas the elder Trotb should have had it. Briggs then went out, but with the total unaltered— 364— he lost M'Larcn, who in swishing round at one of Trott'a unluckily touched the wicket with bis foofc. He had run one for the hit before he was aware of what had happened, nor did one in fif fcy on the ground notice that he had knocked the bail off. Too much praise cannot be given him for his magnificent display, which had proved the salvation of his side. He had given Giffen a chance of caught and bowled when he had made 69, but barring this one blemish he had played perfect cricket, his splendid sweeping strokes on the leg side being effected with a grace and elegance, and withal power, that commanded the admira tion of all. He was at the wickets a trifle over three and a quarter hours, and made. 12 four.3and 21 twos. : The board showed 8-U0-364. Phillipson then went in» but almost; immediately lost Brigga, who was disposed off by a miraculous* catch by H. Trotb at short mid- on off Giffen 'e bowling. Poor Johnny, the crowd would almost sooner have seen one of their own men make the unenviable ' duck egg'thaa the jo?xal and pnputar La-:cashiro pro fessional, who on hia retura to the pavilion «K s, assured by those assembled there that it °/&3 no disgrace to be out to su«h a c*!ch. TiiB ball was travailing rapid).y low down ah an angle to the fieldsman, who seamed t;- dive aft-r it, and 'havirjg secured it lauded on hiB back holding the ball aloft amid a roar of enthusiastic applause. Nine were down for 366» The Australians had the same number down for one run more, but the English tail proved weaker than that of the colonials 80 far as babting iB concerned, and a long ffcand was not made. Phillipson . ? and Richardson, . however, added an accept a bio 19, when the Surrey fast bowler ?'' ? put Ins leg in front of a straight one from Trotfc, and the innings came to a termina , tion tifc five minutes to four for a total of 385, or 29 behind the Australians— not a great difference when the heavy scoring is taken into consideration. H. Trott came out with the best average, four for 71, ?while Giffen secured the same number of wickets, but at a cost of 130. A. E. Trott got one for 84, and M'Kibbin one for 71. The wickets fell as follow :-6, 110, 112, 166,328,342,364,364,366,385. People still continued to flock to the ground, and when the Australians com menced their second innings at 20 minutes past four the crowd seemed as large almost as that of Saturday. They were not, how ever, so densely packed, so thst there were probably a few thousand less. It was, indeed, a splendid assemblage for a Mon day. Giffen sent, in Bruce and H. Trotfc, as in the first innings, Eichard Bon. and Peel having charge of the bowling, as at the commencement of the match. They had, however, changed ends, the fast bowler taking the pavilion . „ end. Scoring commenced steadily by singles and an occasional two, Bruca ' making, soma clever leg strokes, but other wise not appearing to advantage. Trott was first into double figures, though Bruce ?was only one behind him. Thirty runs were put up in half an hour, and then, after Bruce had added a very fluky couple to leg, his captain unsolicited went out to him with a new bat, though probably his real mission was of an advising character. Be that as it may Bruce hit at Peel's next and waB smartly taken by the bowler. A remarkable coincidence being, that the ?? aame thing occurred in the first innings, when Giffen took out a new bat to replace that out of which one of Eichardson's fast ?nes took the shoulder, Bruce immediately after being disposed of. As in the first innings Giffen went iu first wicket down. At this point the slry wore a very threaten ing aspect, and the light was bad. Trott with a single off each bowler made himself 20, and after Giffen' had made three in two Hits off Peel Trott drove one hard back- to this bowler, who took it smartly and to3sed it up, the whole ring of spectators breaking into a cheer at what they considered a clever catch. They were once more sold however, for it was a bump, ball, and the batsman was safe enough. Giffen snicked Bichardson to the fence, a similar stroke by Troti; shortly after bringing 50 up, and when a couple had been added to Trott's account off the fast bowler Lockwood was brought on in his place. Prom this out play was most uninteresting and slow, stonewalling being the rule for the last half-hour, in which Loekwood's bowling only yielded a couple of runs off the bat and the same number of no balls; seven out of eight overs being maidens. The batsmen did lit ble else but block, and the only variation in the monotony was the replacing of Peel by Briggs, but 'the change was not effective up to six o'clock, when the score Btood at 69 for one wicket. TJp to this stage Peel had obtained one wicket for 24, Eiohardson nil for 30, Lockwood nil for four, and Briggs nil for sit. The fielding of '?he Englishmen was excellent, their every moineinent being made with the precision of a complex but well regulated automatic machine. The number of spectators who paid for admission to-day ia 13,702, the receiptB being J3875 43. The attendance in the members' reserve is estimated at 6000, which bringa the total number up to 19,702 for the day. The figures for the first thrse daya are as follow : — — Paid. Mem- Total .Receipts, bars. : Friday ... 11,682 6,000 17,682 742 12 0 Saturday .. 21.717 7.406 29,123 1,334 7 6 Monday ... 13,702 6;O00 19,702 875 4 6 Total ...47,10119,406 66,507 £2,952 4 0 MELBOURNE, Tuesday. The sky wore an unpromising aspect last evening, and many and gloomy prognosti cations of a break in the weather either before or on the next day were made by would-bs weather prophets. Mr Ellery's forecast was not calculated to reassure the doubt?ul ones, as he anticipated rain, though probably not much. It was there fore with considerable relief that Mel bourne peeped through its bedroom win dows this morning to find that no rain lhad fallen, though the indications were mot of a pleasing character. Everyone devoutly wishes that the match may be concluded without rain interfering, as whatever the malt — fee jt a win Jor the land of the kangaroo or one for old Eng. land-one and all hope it may be decisive and not the creation of the elements. A fair field and no favour' is the general desire, and any climatic advantage to give ^preponderating influence to either side would bring a storm of anathemis of the most hearty character on^ that fickle Parsonage the clerk of the weather. But though fine the ? conditions under which the. match was resumed were as unsatisfactory as they could well have been, rain of course excepted. An almoat terrific duBt storm prevailed, the wind sweeping in strong gusts across the ground, and carrying with it great clouds of dust of a suffocating character. It was most unpleasant bcth for players and spec tators, for the dust particles were of a most penetrating character, and combined with this was the persistency of the mosquitoes in finding their way into the most incon venient portions of the human anatomy. The wind was blowing straight down the pitch from the pavilion end, and specula tion was rife as to how Eichardson would perform with this wind at his back and the clouds of dust blinding the eyes of the batsmen playing him at the railway, wicket. TJndetterred by the disagreeable aspect of the weather the ladies once more turned up in force, and their presence was welcome, not only for the brightness of their faces and dresses, but also because ot their ingenuous comments on the game, which if not always showing an intimate knowledge of the mazes of oricketiana, at least evidenced that thsy know something of their way about them, and may be relied upon to very soon become ac quainted with the rest. _ The hands of the clock were a little past twelve when Stoddait led his men into the arena, Giffen and Trptt following close on their heels, while Johnny Briggs formed a guard ot honour in the rear. Contrary to anticipations Eichardson did not take the ball at the pavilion end. which was entrusted to Lockwood, who had trundled so well the 'previous evening, Lockwood, who by-the-by takeB a most ex traordinary run fully 16 or 17 yards before he delivers the ball, aided by the wind got; a great amount of p*ce on, some of hie first over getting up very high. G-iffsu got a single off the third ball, and then played a maiden from Peel who bowled from the railway end. Trofct with a beautiful late cut low down off Lockwood got into the forties, this ? being the- first real punishment the fast bowler had re ceived in the second innings. The .left hander sent down another maiden to Giffen, who was playinej with great care. With the score at 75 Peel beat H. Trots with a beautiful ball, which the batsman was quite unable to negotiate, and retired after having played excellent cricket for his 42. Iredale followed and played the remainder of the over^ with caution $ his second ball seemed just about as much as he could manage. Giffen, after playing the first five balls of Lockwood's next over with cau tion, put the last— a rather soft, short pitched delivery— to the boundary for four, a clean and hard cut. The Australian captain, however, played very ohakilyat many of the fast bowler's deliveries. How ever, he again cut him for a quartet, and 83 appeared on the board. Up to this point not a run had been made off Peel,but Iredale snicked him for a triplet, and made his average two for 27— a. very good per formance. Encouraged by Iredale scoring off Peel, Giffen seemed inclined to hit out at the last of the over, but his second thoughts were best, and he contented him self with stopping it. He, however, got fairly hold o£ one or two of Lockwood's and uaished them, a splendid drive along the c? rpet to the pavilion fence making his ina . vidual score 31, and the total one shoit of the century, which Iredale hoisted at ten minutes to one by a olever leg glance for a single at Peel's ex pense. Directly afterwards Iredale entered double figures by late cutting Lock wood for a couple, and the crowd seemed delighted at the prospect of a good innings by this excellent batsman. Just about thib time the wind chopped and changed about, and the centre of the ground was a perfect whirlwind of dust. At 105 Eichardson relieved Lockwood, but the wind waa now blowing hard acro38 the pitch and not down ifc. Giffen gob a single off the last ball of the over, and Stoddart fielding it and retaining it 'the crowd was' on tiptoe of expectation to see whether he. intended to try the effect of a double change. Peel, however, still had hia con-, fidence, and rewarded it by sending down a maiden, which Giffen safely negotiated. A consultation between Stoddart and Peel resulted in Briggs taking the ball from the Torkshireman, whose two wickets had cost 1 38 runs. Briggs' s first over yielded six, and then the idea of the change waB apparent, Briggs sending down an over to enable Peel and Eichardson to change ends. An extra Btroxig gust of wind now tore the canvas covering of one ef th« tem porary, pavilions adrift, a few of the ladies' halo being more or less damaged from its flapping t- and fro before it was secured. Tho change in the bowling had very con siderably diminished the rate cf the scoring, and shortly before the luncheon hour effected a' separation, Iredale being bowledi by a very fast one ivorn Eichardson for 18, when the total st iod at 127, and Gregory took his place. Giff^n again got; into (he fifties with a cleverly obtained four to leg off Eichardson, and then Gregory credited himself with a four and a three off Peel's next over, at the conclusion oii which the adjournment took place, the score standing at 139, of which Giffen had inade 50 and Gregory eight. The bowling average showed Eichardson'a one wicket to have coBt 41 runs ; Peel had secured two for 52, while Lockwood and Briggs had 26 and 12 scored off them respectively without hav ing obtained a wicket. The Australians had now 168 to the good aud seven wickets yet to fall, a posifc'on of affairs which was as interest! og an it could possibly be, inas much as the turning point of the game would almost/inevitably be reached in the next few hours' pl»y. , It was twenty mimifces past two when the two umpires relieved the stately man in blue who had/charge of the wicket di ring the adjournment:, but the English men did not follow for a few moments. Giffen and Gregory received an encouraging cheer as' they emerged fcom the pavilion, and soon after play wns resumed. Gregory got into double figures in the first over, Giffen having to sprint very smartly to Bave a run out. Eichardson and Peel were bowling as before, but the coadifcion3 met°orologically were much improved, the wind not being quite so ? strong, and the dust having materially diminished, while the sun came out from behind the clouds and shone in sll his glory. Disaster was the lot of the Australian-' after lunch, as it had been that of the Englishmen on the previous day, for the score had only beatt raised to 148 when EichBrdson bowled the Australian captain, who had played sound cricket for his 51. Darling, who came noxt, opened with a leg glan.ea for three off the first ball he received. . This psir, who in the first innings mnde such an excellent stand, quite captivated the onlookers by their running between -the wickets- A single for a hit which travelled hardly half way up the pitch being an especially quick. piece of sprinting. They were making, most of their runs by small hits placed with excellent judgment, and maidens for a time were scarce.Peel,however, succeeded in sticking the little Sydneyite up for the whole six balls. 160 went up a few minutes before three, and with a cut for two off the next ball Gregory made his total 20. A rather risky run for a stroke in the slips smartly returned by Ford made the left- hander 10. Singles still re mained the order of the day, and no big hitting was tried. Tt was, however, very pretty and fascinating cricket. A straw hat from one of the 'bob' crowd, smartly fielded and returned by Ward, varied the proceedings, the incident, for want of an j thing better, drawing a cheer. Eichard son placed his field further round in the slips and tried increasing his pace, almost succeeding in effecting his object, for Darling snicked one just out of reach of the wickefckeeper, and Ford was too deep to take it. Had- the batsman touched it a little harder it would have gone straight to Ford. As it was it could not be called a chance. When the score stood at 177 Gregory had make 28, while his partner had exactly half that number. One run later Briggs relieved Peel, whose average was two for 71. It was Eichard son, however, who broke the partnership, clean bowling Gregory with , a beautiful length ..ball. Five for 179. Gregory had made 30 by very stylish cricket. Lyons followed, but was cheaply disposed of, 15 being'his total when he fell a victim to Briggs. At the four o'clock adjourn ment Darling and Graham were; together, and the score waB 18 beyond the second century, or a lead of 247, with four wickets yet to go down. The . state of the game could not have been more even, and the number of spectators showed a very per ceptible increase when the play was resumed, many returning from the races after the Australian Cup had been run, while everyone who could leave the city did so, and found his way to the Melbourne Cricket Ground. On resuming Graham almost immediately was given out lbw to Eichardson. Seven for 219. Things began to look rather blue for Australia when Alb. Trott went to the wicket. The second ball clean bowled him— a fair 'terror,' it was. pronounced— and two iwickets had fallen to the :. Surrey express in the one over. Troto's was the . ficsb duck on his\\!,' side. Jarvis went out and was warmly applauded, his fine, batting in the,;: firat ' innings giving1 -hope that with',^' Darling he might, sfciem the torrent^ of disaster which seemed 'likely to over-(|| whelm the Australians. Darling should j have been run out, but, the ball was re- 1 turned to the wicket keeper rather hard,u' and the latter in his excitement threw it] at the wickets and missed. An over throw }:[ for a couple resulted, making the colonials fi1 exactly 260 ahead. At this stage M'Laren,; , had to leave the field for a while, and UL Iredftle took his place. The runnintjoff both men between the wicketo waB of aj very risky character. There seemed to be^l a total absence of any understanding be- ' J t ween them ; and it was lucky for them.! that Phillipson was not as Kmart as he might have been. Jarvis presented a fine \ straight bat to the most dangerous of \ Richardson's bails, content to play a care- i ful game, but he also pasted him for three, i| while Darling got the slow bowler ^o the ?' chains to leg, bringing 230 up. Six] minntea later Peel relieved Briggs, and | Darling with a cut for two past Browni mae'e his total 40, Jarvis being eight. ; Darling punished Eichardson heavily in !,!' his next over, two cuts for four and a Bingle making the South Australian 50, at? U which he received a hearty ling. He | was, however, destined to score no more,', | for he slogged at one in Peel's next over,^ .| and missing it he was bowled. Nine were I out for 248. M'Kibbin was last man in, \ and with a couple through the slips off big1,1; first ball hoisted 250. He followed this up| j with a big hit to leg in the air which M Brockwell just managed to touch with one i ! hand, but could not bold, and it went to: the chains for four. M'Kibbin, with a \ snick for three, passed Jarvis's scorp,which \ had for some time stood at eight. The c score was raised co 267 by some lively and 1 lucky play, when M'Kibbin was taken by j tbe,wioketkeeper off the express, and the j innings closed, leaving the Englishmen j 297 to get to win. Eichardson took no I Ipbs than six wickets at a cost of 104, while si Peel secured three for 89, and Briges one '* for 37rLockwood meeting with no success, ''he end of the Australian aecond innings I came at 520, arsd 15 minutes latjr the \ Englishmen commenced their task, Ward and Brock well being deputed to open the inningB H. Trott opened to Brockwell, j j who drove his second for four and laid fche I wood oh to a ticer, but a Bingle only resulted. Giffen bowled from the railway end, and off his .first ball had Brockwell caught and bowled. Poor | Broekwell, much sympathy was expressed J for him, as he never seems to get going in [ a match of importance. Stoddart joined I Ward, who commenced their partnership A under the same depressing conditions aBin \ the first innings. The English captain opened his account with a cut for three. ; The play waB watched with the most !. intense interest, as it was felt that if r another wicket w enfc down that evening the j match was as good ' as won. Stoddart &' played Trott in the slips just out of Giffen's | reach, for whibh two were run, and the rest J of the over completely stuck Stoddart up. j Stoddart got a lucky snick to leg for one h off Giffen, and Ward played the rest of the ,[, over with great caution. Two in the Blips v by Ward off Giffen brought 20 up, sundries in the shape of byes and leg byes assisting , to th.9 tune of six. Trott's next over ' yielded a single to each batsmen, and then Ward got a single to leg off Giffen, not getting hold of the ball, which should have been a four. Stoddart added a couple to ' leg and a Bingle off a late cut. When six . arrived the score stood at 28; Stoadait ' having made 11 and Ward six. Eleven runs had been scored off each bowler. 