Baai&om; I MrsTBEsfe—What did you do with the : mousetrap, Bridget ? Bridget—I burnt it np, mum; _ It wasattracting all "the mice . in the house. 1 Little Georgy—Papa, why do you say ;'that? the pea" is -more powerful than the ' sword"? ;Papa—Because you cannot, sign cheques with a sword, j " Jib, thank you, I've got some of my , . own," said little Tommy, politely, as the ' Contribution box paused in front of him on . the occasion of tie first, visit to church, j " What did you get at your last place ?" ; New Cook—" A bor of glaves and several i pieces of.nice jewellery,- buttheladywent. i through my trunk and recovered thernbe i fore I got away." Mr. Goff—What side of tbe street do you live on ? Witness—-On either side. If you go one way it. is on the right side j if you ;go the other way it. is on the left. | " I don't understand you. A few min j utes ago you said Meddlesome was a great j I business man, and now you -say he doesn't | know his own business." " Exactly j other ! people's business is his specialty." ■ j " Have you received an invitation to the ! bachelors* ball ?" " Yes, indeed. Fin to I be the only girl there." " What !" " Yes; i really. You know the bachelors only had ! an invitation apiece to send oht, and I've . "I see," said Mra. Wictwire, "thattwo million boxes of oranges were frozen on the trees in Florida. I. don't understand it." " Don't understand .it," echoed Mr. Wick wire. " The statement is plain enough." " Yes; but -do they grow in boxes on the trees ?" .Trotter^—I met a very pleasant relative 1 of yours in the mountains this year. He was Very kind too, and lent me ten dollars ? when I was particularly hard up. Faster (sadly)—F-m afraid you're mistaken. I haven't got any such relative. " I'm so sorry supper isn't ready," said ' Mrs. Dinsmore to her husband when he j came in. " I attended the meeting of the ? sewing circle this afternoon, and I couldn't j get- away." " Hemmed -in, were you?1 asked her husband. , A littJegirl.aged nme,calledlier father i to her bedside a few evenings ago and said: ■" Papa,-I want to ask your advice." "Well, my dear, What is it about?" " What do you think would he best for you to give me en -my birthday next: •week ?'*• "Mr. Wikes, year column of personal gossip in the last number of your-paper was the raciest thing I know. Where did yon get all the information?" " My wife had the Sewing Circle at our house last Saturday, and I 'Concealed .a phonograph in the room." *■■ ■ "I hope you don't find the amount un reasonable," said the landlord. " Oh ho," was the re|Siy, "the amount is very rea sonable. What I want: to know is how many months do you give me to pay it in ? : Of course, I want a reasonable time to pay a reasonable bill." i Hojack—My wife only writes to me-once a week whije she is away. - Tomdik—Mine writes regularly three times a week. Ho- 1 jack—She must be very fond of you. j Tomdik—r-She: is; ahd then, I only send ■ her money enough to last two days at a i T3SIST^' ——— :— l~J Mr. Trotter—I told you that Cbolly's attentions -to Emily Brown would never j amount to anything. Mrs. Tcotter—Well,1 you were wrong again; they frightened 1 Dick Eraser into proposing at last, and Emily has accepted him; There are many men who are afraid of, ghosts who have no fear of spirits. ■ j Actors, draughtsmen, dentists,1 and mus-; tard plasters ought to draw well. • j "Did the doctor seem to understand Hicks' cose?" " Yes; perfectly^ ke'Cobj lected his money after each 'vlsiti" ) - 1 \ Clerk—Fd like to get off ' for a few days. Employer—Business or pleasure ? Clerk— Business. F-m to be married. • i A .New -York" lady has been prosecuted for smoking a cigarette in the streets. The law is unwise in this. Why interfere with ■ a - woman for doing, anything that - keeps her lips closed#4 ? J J:/-- c Me—I observe my company is not agree able to you. She—How did - yon -observe; it? He—By ths dock.. t You've -turned it , forwardinsteadofback.1. ;>> ■ '1 " Tommj^ ls An ? awful fellow to play swindling schemes^. What's he done ] now ?'? - got an accident insurance ■ policy and . then Joined a football beam." ? j Mrs. Quiggsc—Your husbandremindsnae of somebody. ■ Mrs. Heighbors-^He -re-' minds me of his mother every time the coolnng.dorah'fcsmt?him.;:£r t ;s-. " Bilkeu modestlydeelares he owes ^ihel immense fortune he has accumulated all j to others." " Yes, the money, was made, chiefly by JBilken's failures in busihess."— ? Buffalo CotrBreB. •■■■:■', , 1 Weeks—Well,- hbw "are things over in Boston ? Have they named Anyuewpie? " Aristotle" yCt ? ' Wetotman^No^. ' Bntl I beard a man there ask for a Plato sbup. j "Have you been able to catch the] Speaker's eye?" asked the first lady legis-1 lator. " Have -T ?" rejoined ' the second ] legislator. " WCll, rather. I vtdre hiy j navy blue bengaline, with the heliotrope ; sleeves, and the Speaker conldn'tteep his eyes off me." ~ -»■: Mrs. Hojack—They1 say that our - min- ? ister is one of the most eloquent after dinner speakers in the country. !Mr; Ho-■ jack—If that is true, I wish he'd eat his ■ dinner, just before the morning service. Customer—So yousell these watches at; £1 each ? Ft most have cost that to make them. Jeweller—It does. Customer—Then how do you make any money? Jeweller— Bepairiug 'em. Judge—Have you any children, Mrs, Flaherty ? Mrs. F.—Yes, yer anner; I? have two livin" and wan married. j Miss Snowball—Niggah, did yonse say dat dere wuz flies on me ? Job using— ! Nebber. I meahly sayed dat you wuz I sweet enough to nttractdere attention. ;?j | A tracher in a'city School received the j following note from the mother of a boy 1 who had been absent for a day or two:— ? ! " Dere mamiplese eggscuse Willy. He, J didn't hav but one pare of pants and I kep j him home to wash and mend them and | Mrs. O'toole's goat come and et them up i'- off the line andthat awt to be -eggscuse ennff, goodness hose/ -Yours with respect, Mrs. B^i—" "How dare you kiss me,'6ir?" "I'm awfully sorry, but—did younofc encourage me?" |»©w TfiS&fljuv-;: age you P" *' Well—you took off your 