THE DEAI CASE. The decision of the Royal Commission that George Dean was not guilty of the dreadful crimo for which he was sentenced to life-long imprisonment has, we are confident, the approval ot ninety-five per cent, of the people who have taken an interest in the case. It passes comprehension how Mr. Rogers, the President of the Commission, arrived at the conclusion that the sentence ought not to be dis turbed, and we shall wait with interest for his report on the subject. The truth is that Dean ought not to have been convicted, and this was made very clear to the public when several of the jurymen who tried his case unwisely gave the reasons why they adjudged him to be guilty of the attempt to murder his wife. What .specially influenced them,, they said, in arriving at their verdict was the statement made by Dean himself in the witness-box. That state ment was read by thousands of people, and tho impression pro duced on their minds thereby was that at was perfectly straightforward, and contained not a single sentence upon which an accusation of blood-guiltiness could bo reasonably founded. It may be assumed that the jury were influenced largely' by tho Bumnting up of the judge, and it is undoubtedly the case that several of their number had their doubts removed by observa tions made to them by Sir William j Windeyer after the jury had been in consultation for several hours. He made no secret of his belief on that occasion that Dean wa3. guilty ; and he supplemented his remarks by saying that if tho jury did not arrive at a decision pretty soon they 'would, be locked up until Monday mo. ning; a period of about thirty-six hours. It did not take them long after that Speech to dpliver their verdict. By the public the trial was re garded as being an outrage on justice, and they speedily demanded a rehearing of the case. They did not) assort that Dean was guiltless, their contention was that he had not got a fair trial. A verdict of not proven would, in tbeir opinion, have : met tho equities of the case, but as there is no provision . in our criminal law for returning such a verdict their opinion was that one of not guilty should lwve been given. The mighty pressute they brought to bear upon the Government could not be resisted, and so a rehearing by a Royal Commission was ordered. The evidence taken before that body caused general astonishment,' and after - 'the first few days it was generally felt that tho testimony upon which Dean had been convicted was so tainted that it was absolutely valueless. To hang or even imprison a man for a week upon such evidence would be an unspeakable outrage, and we say this despite the contrary opinion which, it is affirmed, has been ex pressed by Mr. Rogers. At the trial Mrs. Seymour was held up to view as a particularly respectable person, but before the Commission her true character was revealed. And the evidence given by Mrs. Dean was knocked to pieces at the latter inquiry. It was clearly proved that on a certain day wiieu Mrs. Dean said she was confined to the house suffering from the agonies of arsenical poisoning she had visited a neigh bor, and appeared to be in her usual state of health. And Mrs. Adye's evidence on the subject of the tea that was alleged to be poiscned was also perfectly conclusive. Mr. Rogers, it would seem, preferred to believe the unsupported state ments of Mrs. Dean to tho evidence just mentioned, and also to the mass of collateral proofs brought forward by the de fence. Also he must believe that a woman, by no means robust, could swallow several large doses of arsenic and strychnine without giving up the ghost. In connection witii this matter att ention may also be directed to the fact that the expert evidence showed that there was enough poison in the excreta from Mrs. Dean to kill several people. The testimony concerning the shadiness of Mrs. Seymour's character was so strong that Sir Julian Salomons would not attempt) to challenge it. Seven of the jurymen who tried Dean have declared that if they had had before them at the time of the trial the evidence given before the Com mission they would have voted for the aoquittal of the prisoner. Whilst the general feeling at the conclusion of the trial was that Dean had not leceived fair play, the general opinion now appears to be that ho was not guilty in. any sense of the offence of which he was convicted. Tho decision of the Commission places Sir William Windeyer in a very unenviable position. When passing sentence he stated that ho was as sure of the guilt of Dean as if he had seen him administer the poison to his wife. Doubtless he ha3 that certainty still, but the effect of his positiveness upon the public mind, in view of what has taken place, is that the administration of justice is not always safe in his hands. That he is a conscientious judge and possessed of considerable legal ability nearly evory citizen, we suppose, believes, but more than these qualities are required in a man who occupies a position like that filled by Sir William Windeyer. We really fear that the result of the inquiry that has just been reported upon will be to make a very large number of people distrustful of Sir William Windeyer when presiding at criminal trials. It is with regret that we write these words, but the state ment has to be made. It would in deed be an act of cowardice not to make it. We believe that the opinion amongst tho members of the legal profession is that at the trial Sir : AVilliam Windeyer went too'far in his observations to the jury. He committed a blunder, and the blunder was a serious one, Tho consequence might have been the judicial murder of a man who it hus been proved was not guilty of the dreadful offence with which he had been charged. And but for the activity of a number of citizens the blunder would have resulted in the life- long imprisonment of the man. This is suoh a tremen- serious matter that it cannot tl. 