NOGTUENAL BOMBARDMENTS. For some few weeks past considerable excitement has prevailed amongst residents of Six-mile Flat, Warri Bombay, and Colombo (writes The Braidwood Dispatch") by a series of extraordinary occurrences, the origin of which is still as deep and impenetrable as ever, notwithstanding the most careful and rigid inquiry, although there are people who refuse to believe anything else than that they are the result of supernatural agency. It appears that a miner named Cunningham and a mate lived in a hut belonging to Mr. Terence McGrath, of Colombo, which is situated close to the Shoalhaven River. They had occupied the place for some time, when all of a sudden one night the building was bombarded with clocks from an ant bed which had been picked up by Cunningham, and which is situated about 100 yards from the line. The pieces of hard mud penetrated the cracks between the slabs, although how some of them, could get through it puzzled them, since they were larger than the opening. They naturally looked about to find the author of the throwing, but without success. When they went outside, they aver-and their testimony is since corroborated by a number of other witnesses-the clods hit the inside of the building. On the following night a repetition of the business occurred, and the men became somewhat alarmed. They told some others of it. at the same time expressing their belief that the throwing was the work of a ghost. These persons visited the scene, and found the facts exactly as stated by Cunningham and his mate. The story spread, and others, viewing the matter as a Joke, likewise visited the place with the assurance that they at least would discover the origin of these peculiar occurrences. They left in the same happy condition of mystification as those who had preceded them, although they went with guns, which they lived in the direction from where the throwing proceeded. And here we may remark that the clods thrown strike the line in almost exactly the same place every time between two slabs near the window. On several occasions no less than eighteen people have been on the lookout at the same time, forming a sort of semi-circle round the side of the hut where the throwing occurs. They fired their guns, loaded with shot, into the bushes of the trees surrounding the place, with such good off and that there is not a tree or log within a couple of hundred yards of the hut that is not riddled with shot. To make sure that His clods came from the ant bed, a number of them were marked with charcoal, and these have been subsequently found inside the hut, perfectly unbroken. Although the spot is plainly within view of the watchers, and any one visiting it could easily be detected, and to make assurance doubly sure He watchers have actually placed cotton in read on small stakes right round the bed, but this line was not broken or touched, showing that there is no possibility of any one sneaking up to the bed, throwing the clods, and running away. Altogether the proceedings are most mysterious, and rival the recent stone-throwing case near Sydney, which created such excitement some short time ago that the metropolitan papers even devoted considerable space to the extraordinary proceedings enacted there. The most peculiar thing about the matter is that the clock. throwing started simultaneous with the disturbing of the ant bed by Cunningham. And what is still more peculiar, the presence of this man in the hut is absolutely necessary to produce the " manifestations." Without him there is no clod-throwing. Many sensible, level-headed men have visited the spot, and although loth to believe that (he throwing is done by any super- natural agency, they are absolutely unable to account for the proceedings. The throwing usually commences at about half-past 10 o'clock at night, and continues sometimes till daybreak, although as a rule it only lasts for a couple or three hours. 