CHATTERINGS. [By an Occasional.] The rumor that the gruesome in dividual yclept Spring-Heeled Jack is in Adelaide, having apparently done his work in the suburbs, has sent a tremor through the feminine portion df the community, and it has apparently startled stalwart members of our Police Force who would never shrink at a butcher, but who on the mere*mention of the mysterious maniac who comes out of the darkness with the words emblazoned on his bosom, " The day of judgment has come," or something to that effect, rush from their retreats and seek safety up a high tree. Isn't this all the essence of Tommy Rot? I don't profess to be a braver man than my fellows; indeed, under some circum stances I should prove myself a verit able coward. If a bigger and more muscular man than myself challenged me to fight I should either run away or should hand him the belt in my most polite manner. * * * But when it comes to a senseless ass —for bear in mind the ordinary ass is not by any means senseless—who is masquerading round in grotesque attire, I don't think I should feel the slightest attempt of fear. If I had a stout stick in my hand I should endeavor to give him such a clout on the head that he would never be in a position to play his practical jokes again. It doesn't want a revolver or anything of thatt sort. The man who lays himself out to frighten women and children in this way ist either a libidinous wretch or he is some poor maniac, whose brain has been turned by,religious devotions, and who imagines that he has a mission to warn people from impending doom. Anyway, he deserves a crack on the head. * * * I don't believe in this Spring-Heeled Jack at all, although I am told that two constables and a Sergeant of Police solemnly warned a young pressman against walking out to his home at Hyde Park the other night, because this miserable impostor was supposed to have been seen three times during the evening in that direction. The pressman, however, who was armed with a fairly big stick, went on his way, and reached his house without mishap. The knees of the Sergeant of Police are said to have been knock ing together, end as for the constables their fear was so excessive that nothing but a butcher seemed possible to keep them from collapse. What are our detectives doing ? A detective who believes in ghosts—and especially such a ghost as this—ought not to be allowed to remain in the force. Unfortunately superstition is just as rife now as it was nineteen hundred years ago. If somebody could only get on the tracks of Spring-Heeled Jack and lay him out he would be conferring a distinct benefit on Society at large. I can only promise this idiotic individual that if he shows up anywhere in my neighborhood one of us will have to go under, and it wont be me. The Spring-Heeled-Jack stamp of lunatic is a coward. He mostly deals with women and children, and men who have been dipping their noses too deeply into the beer can. * * * \ And here let me tell you a true little story which bears upon the •whole matter. It occurred many years ago on the Peninsula, and its chief operator was a photographer, who afterwards became notorious in the city. This inestimable ass thought he would like to play the ghost business, so he rigged himself out in a manner that was calculated to strike terror to the heart of the superstitious Cornish miner. He procured a bullock's hide and enveloped his body in this, leaving eyeholes, which were lighted up by candles carefully concealed. In this guise he proceeded to walk along the dark byways of a certain Peninsula town. He presently encountered a Cornishman who had been indulging freely and unwisely in the invigorating but debauching tanglefoot. Imme diately the imbiber caught sight of the uncanny object he rushed away at his utmost speed to a revival meeting that was being held somewhere in the neighborhood, and throwing himself down at the penitent form explained that he had just had a visitation from the Devil. " How do ypu know it was the Devil?" he was asked. "I saw his great eyes, and his horns, and his wings a flapping, and suddenly he sailed away right into the sky, and so I came here." - The statement was accepted as a realization of the inter vention of Providence, and the Revival meeting was carried on with renewed vigor. * * * A night or two afterwards one of the best wrestlers on the Peninsula was returning homewards after an insufficient wrestle with King Tangle foot. He was perfectly satisfied with himself, and when presently he received a tap on the shoulders he looked round prepared to do battle with half a dozen men. The apparition before described loomed up before him. " Hulloa! What do you want V' asked the man of brawn. "I have come for you/1 was the lugubrioiis response. c< Ob, have you, and who may you be?" " I am a spirit." " A spfrit! Why I've been taking spirits all night." " Yes, but I am Satan." " Satan, are 'ee. Well, Fd like to take a fall out of *ee." Whereupon he grappled with the supposed ghostly visitant, and giving him the " flying mare," sent him clean on to his head, so that the person who represented himself as having come from another sphere lay as one dead. Then the conqueror let out a wild halloo, and presently he was surrounded by a number of boon companions. " Look'ee here, boys," he cried. "I've been and killed Satan." And when they stripped off the bullock's hide they found only a photographer, and they would have walloped him within an inch of his life had it not been that the luckless knight of the camera, by dint of the " flying mare," looked as if he needed the assistance of a priest to perform the Anal offices. But there was no ghost on the Peninsula after that. # * * Well, there is a moral in all this. Set one of our Cornish wrestlers to wait for this Spring-Heeled Jack, and you'll never hear any more of the latter. You don't want a revolver. I am confident on that point. A good whalebone whip or a stout bludgeon will be equally efficacious. Only if the police are not inventing stories it will be a standing disgrace to the members of our cricket, football, and rowing clubs if they do not take such action as will result in the partial extinction of this wretch who is frightening our mothers, our wives, and our daughters. * * * I am not a racing man, and the total amount lost by me on the Caulfield Cup was one shilling. Not a large amount, certainly, but it causes me a certain amount of heart ache when I realize that the humble bob would have purchased three butchers, and as summer is fast coming upon us one cannot afford to turn up his nose at three butchers. However, I was talking about the Melbourne Cup. I joined the throng outside the Register office last Satur day afternoon, and was just in time to see the name of Waterfall posted up. Nobody seemed to believe the information thus conveyed. They regarded it as a huge practical joke. One well-known bookmaker on the northern footpath of Grenfell Street took off his hat and furiously mopped ap the perspiration that was running down his fac<^ his eyes^ meahwhifo being fixed on the result board; He was completely fascinated. Presently the names of the second and third horses were posted, and then—well, the crowd disappeared. They melted away like a snowflake in the sun. There was no swearing j there were no expressions of wonderment. Disgust prevented any ebullition of feeling. The mob fold€^ their tents, or umbrellas, like the Arabs, and as silently stole away. In a few seconds the only persons outside the pnGHffiPEEB Office were a few urchins who were peddling in newspapers. A holy hush appeared to h*ve come over* Grenfell Street. There was agreat gathering of the clans at Flecker^ JBo^ other evening, the occasion beinga sympo sium in honor of Mark Twain. Some men who are literary,ofchers who fancy that they are literary, and others again who bang on to the skirts of literature whenever they see the chance of ja free advertisement, were present, and l am told that they bored poor Mark Twain almost to death. Two lawyers in par ticular made speeches of most inordi nate length, and they showed not the slightest consideration for a man over sixty years of age, who "had been engaged lecturing the same evening. At' twelve o'clock the electric light, whether designedlyorotherwise I can not say, went out,but the bores woiilti not take the hint. They waited until the room had beenrelighted, and then started once more to air their eloquence. Surely theywere preparing a rod lor their own backs. When Mark Twain's book on Australia comes out- well, I guess some people will smart. " Mac's Wife " writes :—" There is a sheepfarmer in South Australia who poses as a mail of advanced thought, and talks a great ; deal about the " Equality of Man/' but does not think it right that his wife should be treated equally well with himself. JFmr instance, when he goesthe buggy has to go night after night to the station to meethim, but when his wife left home lately and said she was not quite sure which day she would be home he told her she must name a certain day, and if she did not come on that day she v^uldhave to walk home! This, dear sisters, is one of the lords Of creation ^ much of equality, and will not grant it even to his own household. I am sure my husband (who is one of nature's gentlemen) would treat me with as much consideration as} if not more considex&tionthan;, himself. 