HIS ENTHRONEMENT. AN IMPRESSIVE SERVICE, The enthronement of the Right Rev. Dr. Harmer as Bishop of Adelaide was an ecclesias tical ceremonial interesting end impressive in the extreme. It took place at the cathedral on Thursday, July 4, when the new head of the diocese was duiy installed ' in the possession, authority, and jurisdiction' which pertain to the position. ihere was a statelmess and grace about the service which could hardly fail to fascinate. Inside the building was charmingly decorated. Flowers and foliage clambered up its un plastered walls and decked tbe colonnades. The whitest of lilies nestled round the reredos, chancel, and altar, and altogether the interior of the unfinished fane, which has yet to send its highest spires into the sky, was quite in har moay with the beautiful function which it witnessed. The sunbeams scintillated through the stained glass windows witb pleasing effect, throwing out in bold relief their variegated designs, while the surpliced choir and well robed clergy lent au additional attrac tion to the scene. The mellifluous strains of the organ throbbed through tho templo or swooned away in mournful cadence, blending in hymn and anthem with the voices of tho weil-trained choir in a 'concord of sweet sounds.1' Everything was appropriate to the occasion, and bnt few if any of the many there could have regretted being present. It was only the four walls of the edifice which limited the congregation. There were applicants for tickets of admission sufficient to fill a building as large again. For days past the Church Ofiice had been besieged and hundreds had to go away with a ' longing after something unpossessed.' The arrange ments for seating the visitors -could not have been improved upon. On entering by the southern door they were quietly but quickly ushered into their places, and there was no unseemly crushing to mar the decorum of the proceedings. The congregation was not composed merely of members of the Anglican ChurcJi, for prominent representatives of many other de nominations were present. The Lieutenant Governor, who was accompanied by Professor Pennefather and Major Taylor, was iu the frout seats with Mrs. Harmer, Mrs. Marryat, and the Misses Marryat, while near them were Sir Richard and Lady Baker, Commissioner Peterswald, and the members of the City Council in their municipal robes, comprising the mayor (Sir. C. Tucker), the town clerk (Mr. T. Worsuop), Aldermen Buik, Kither, Sketheway, and Tomkinsou, and Councillors Wells, Johnson, Hughes, Bower, Bruce, Darby, and Downs. Iu the congregation were also the Hou. J. Warren, M.L.C., Messrs. W. Griffiths, M.P., H. A. Grainier, M.P., H. E. Downer, M.P., and J. W. White, JSLP, At 10 o'clock the clergy assembled with the bishop in the Cathedral Hall for the purpose of robing and there were present the deau and administrator of the diocese (Rev. Charles Marryat), Archdeacons Morse, Dove, and French, Canons Coombs, Andrews, Poole, and Green, and the Revs. A. Chignell, R. W. G. Dempster, A. Craven, H. S. Slade, W. A. Moore. A. E. Green, W. G. M. Murphy, John Warren, S. J. Bloyd, J. G. Pitcher, A. Wheeler, F. W. Wilkinson, H. Girdlestone, L-. Durno. J. Hussev. W. K. Pobiov. J. Iiuiusdon, F. II. Stokes, C. S. Hornabrook, J. G. K. McKenzie, F. Tower, A. G. Kins, M. Wiiliams, T. M. Boyer, G. E. Perrin, R. MacDonnell, F. W. Samwell, C. S. Beaumont, H. A. M. Brooksbank, A. W. Clampett. W. S. Moore, T. Ward, J. S. Wayland. W. A. Swan, H. H. Wyllie, W. J. Eussell, P. R. Pymar Dodd, R. Kenny, J. C. Haynes, J. Sunter, K. Blackburn, T. Worthington, J. Houghton, A. Honner, C. W. Haw kins, W. A., Campbell, W. H. Higgs, T. Field, E. K. Ycatman. S. S. Moncrieff, G. E. Young, W. b. Hopcraft, J. W. Gower. W. H. Mudie, R. B. Webb, H. M. Pollitt, and E. K. Miller. The chancellor of the diocese, Dr. Barlow, was also there. As the town clock proclaimed the half hour the procession filed into the cathedral by the eastern entrance and wended its way along to tho aisle. First came the honorary wardens of the cathedral, followed by a large number of the lay synodsmen representing the various churches of the diocese. These were succeeded by a chorister bearing one of the cathedral banners, and then came the choir. Next in order was another banner-bearer, who pre ceded the deacons, priests, honorary canons, precentor. Canon Coombs, Canon Andrews, the Archdeacon of Mount Gambier and the West, the Archdeacon of Petersburg and the North, Archdeacon of the Broughton, the Archdeacon of Adelaide, the Dean, the Bishop, the Chaplains, the Chancellor, and the Registrar. Having entered the cathedral and taken tlieir places while the processional hymn was being sung the Bishop was con ducted to a Beat in the chancel, and prayers were offered by the precentor. The Dean then aid the following collect : — O Thou Good Shepherd of the sheep, who hast gathered to Thyeelf a great flock in all parts of the world, assist with iny heavenly grace all bishops ant pastors that they jnay lead*Thy people into good pastures and bring them safely to Thine eternal fold. And for this Thy servant, who has been invested with. the office of a bishop, we pray that it may please Thee to grant him such strength of faith and fervor of lore and purity of life that he may use his office well. So we that are Thy people and the sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever : Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost livest and seipiest one God. World without end. Amen. After psalms had been sung the bishop delivered to the dean his letters commenda tory from the Archbishop of Canterburv, which the dean handed to the registrar (Mr. A. Stiircke), who read them before the con gregation. The Bishop, looking calm and col lected, and wearing the robes usually adopted by the Anglican episcopate, then made the following declaration : — I, John Reginald, Bishop of Adelaide, do hereby promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this church and diocese, and to rule therein with truth, justice, and charity, not lording it over God's heritage, but endeavoring lo show myself in all things an example to the flock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen. The Dean then took the bishop by the right ! hand and conducted him, accompanied by his i chaplains (the Revs. J. G. McKenzie and F. Williams), to the throne within the altar-rails, saying these words : — In the name of God, amen. By virtue of my office as dean of this Cathedral Cburcb, and on behalf ol the dean and chapter and of the Synod of Adelaide, I, Charles Marryat, Master of Arts, do induct thee, John Reginald, Doctor of Divinity, into the occupation of the see and diocese of Adelaide, and therewith do instal thee in the possession, authority, and jurisdic tion which pertain to the bishop of this see in accord ance with the fundamental provisions and regulations of this diocese. The pastoral staff presented by the members of the Church in the diocese to Bishop Short on the twenty-fifth anniversary of his conse cration in Westminster Abbey and handed by him to Bishop Kennion on his consecra tion in the same abbey 'to be (as he said) an heirloom in the Cathedral of S. Peter, Adelaide, for the use of the Bishops of Adelaide in succession : in remembrance also of the consecration of the first two bishops of the See in the Abbey Church of S. Peter, Westminster,' was then given to the bishop by the dean, who said :— It is now my duty to present it to you, the third bishop of this diocese, also consecrated in the same venerable building. The crook can never fail to call to mind the loving voice of the Great Shepherd. Feed my lambs. Tend my sheep. Feed my sheep. But each part has its significance. As one old adage runs — Curca trahit quos recta regit, pars, ultima pungit ; or as another directs — Attrahc peccatores, rege jmtos, 2-unge rebelled. It is thus a symbol of the spirit of love, truth, and power. Reverend Father in God.— In the name of the clergy and laity of this diocese, I now place this pastoral staS, the emblem of your Episcopal office, in your hands. Long may you hold it, and rule this diocese to the glory of God and the edifying and well-governing of the Church. Hay the Great Good Shepherd be with you, and bless you at all times and in all things. Amen. The beautiful anthem 'Thy mercy, O Lord' (Hopkins) was sung with excellent effect by the choir, who were under Mr. J. M. Dunn, the Cathedral choirmaster, and the Bishop then began the communion service, Arch deacon Dove acting as epistoler, and Arch deacon Morse as gospeller. After the Nicene Creed that fine hjTnn, 'Alleluia, sing to Jesus,'' was given by the choir and congrega tion, the Bishop kneeling at the altar. Then the Bishop delivered his first sermon in the diocese. He has not an exceedingly powerful voice, but it is very pleasant, while his style is unassuming and unaffected. Dr. Harmer preached from the text — '' There is one body and one spirit, even as ye are called in one 'hope of your calling; one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of All, who is above all, and through all, and in you alL ' — Eph. iii, 4-6. immediately after the sermon the oSertory sentences were sung, during which tne warden received the alms of the people, which will be devoted to the cathedral services fund. The amount collected was £51. The communion service was then proceeded with, and the greater portion of the congregation left. There was a large number of communicants, and the service ended with the recessional hymn. The general arrangements were in the hands of the precentor, registrar, and the hon. wardens — Messrs. A. L. Harrold, F. Wright, E. M. Smith, B. A. Moulden, G. W. Hawkes, W. Pope, W. J. Douglas, F. A. Lakemau, W. Honeywill, and G. Gill— to whom great credit is due for the way in which they were carried out. 