BUNGLING AND GRUMBLING. To (he Editor. Oh plemre, thog*t indeed a {feasant thins, altboogh one must be damned tor thee, no doubt; I nuke a rmolutioa every spring Of refonnation ere me year una oat. Bat somehow this my vestal row takes wing, Yet still I trust it may be kept thzoagbout; Fin ray «orry, very much idiimed, ? SIB,—I do not claim to be your special reporter or "own correspondent,*' bnt perhaps you will allow me to report a little of the Bible Christian Church Anniversary, which took place last Sunday and Monday. There, is no reason why secalar journals should not deal with religious matters—and that often. I pass over the Sunday services (which wire., excellent) and the tea on Monday! (winch' was better etillj and come right to the speakeis who took part in the -public meeting. - He -Rev. Mr. Martin said he had labored for ten years in the Melbourne slums, and was impressed with the necessity of salvation for the hundreds of those whom he found, of all sorts and conditions, in all places and positions, from the street sewer to the empty cement "barrel, from the protection of a good foliage tree in the garden to an empty case on the wharf, and those positions were grasped by men who at one time occupied the best places in the land, some of whom were even owners of pleasure yachts. Men who had devoured thtir substance in riotous liviug were now willing to fill their stomachs, not with the husks that tiie Birine would not eat, but with the good things Mr. Martin and others had provided at a monster tea meeting." Very good; but Mr. Martin thinks that the fashionable folk of the Collins-street churches .should throw open their church doors and let the riotous in." Very liberal! Does Mr. Martin think the outcasts he referred to would be happy or at home in a. Collins-street church? Why, then advocate impossibilities J The Rev. Mr. Bnllas then spoke on the churches need by a baptism of the Holy Ghost, and labored to show that the churches did really want something. I have no doubt that is correct. Probably the advice to Nicodemus would apply here—" Be born again but that may seen rather difficult for some. If Mr. Bnllas had not discovered some other church _ needs he wonld hare made impression, bat he certainly staggered some of «i8 when be e&id; the chord) was Q&de; np of two parties, 'bunglers and grumblers,' and he prayed that the grumblers would soon be converted into banglers. This was a poser after saying that the church's need was more of the Holy Ghost. The lay mind believes that to have the Holy Ghost is to cease bungling, and this is no doubt true. A hungry man may grumble for want of food—even spiritual—bnt a bungler is too self-satisfied to require any. The church, however—as per Mr. Bnllas—prefers a good bungling churchman hat a had Christian rather than a grumbling churchman and a good Christian. This estimate seems a very big bungle. The Rev. Mr. Beeson supported the Eev. Mr. Bullae's remarks re the church's need, bat the church's needs were not all the same. The kev. Mr. freeman made a serious proposal, namely, *' that ministers of all the churches should meet and prepare for evangelistic work iu this town. This eeems, however, impossible under present conditions, because doctrinal points and sacraments will have to be settled first. I agree with Mr. Freeman in the main, but have pointed to the difficulty. Allow me to suggest an experiment: Let the ministers and the banglers meet on neutral grounds—say the Trinity Church schoolroom—and .pray for the conversion of all the grumblers, and then, as a test, let 19 out of every 20 of said converts" join the Lntiieren Church and the btffer one be equally dividad among the churches. How long wonld said ministers and banglers pray for the conversion of the grumblers? Such a con- q would be a serious matter;- betterfay something else. I again ask leave to C uggest: Remove the grumblers and grnmling would cease. This wonld perhaps pen up a way not now clearly seen.— Yours, &c..; t OJTE WHO PEEPERS GKUMBUXG TO BusGtass. f 