CHAPTER XXIt. xne urns was drawing near, i'lie ootn was out and carried in many a broad eweep if hot obalky soil, and summer's branding sun had burnt up the thin grass on the wide bare down, where never shadow of tree or bush made a cool sp£j> in the expanse of light uud heat and dryness. The mysterious immemo rial stone yonder on Salisbury Plain Blood up against a background of cloudless blue ; uud every window of the oathefral in the valley wiuked aud flashed in thesuushine. Only in the sober old close and the venerable gardens of a bygone generation, within hedgeB that dead hands had planted, trees whore growth dead eyes had watched, was theie coolueEB or shelter, of the gentle slumbering feoling of summer afternoon in its restful perfection. Here iu the antique drawing-room Mrs. Murniugton and her niece were taking tea aftet a morning with tailor and dress maker. " Tnore never was such a girl for not-oaring ness as this girl of mine " said Mrs. Morning ton with a vexed air. " If it had not been for me I don't think she would have had a new frock in her trcussenu, nnd as she is a very prim personage about •lingerie,' and has a large stock of Parisian prett.iness in that line, there would really have been nothing to buy." " Rather a relief I should think," laughed Mrs. Canon, who was giving them tea. "A most delightful state of things," asserted Mrs. Sub. Dean, proud mother of half a dozen daughters, in which opinion agreed a country lady, also riolj in daughters. "Ah, you .are all against me!" said Mrs. Murniugton; "but there is a great pleasure in buying things especially when one is spending somebody <-I»e'n money." "Poor papa," sighed Suzitta. "Alyauut forgets that ho is nut- (Junius." "Look at tins girl's wretched pale face I" oried Mrs, Mncutagton. " Would any ou« think that she was going to be married to a most estimable young man, and the beet match ill the neighbourhood—except At those two last words fiuzette's cheeks flamed crimson, and the feminine conclave looking at her felt she was being cruelly used by this strong-mindod aunt of luirs. " I don't tnink the nicest girls are very keen about their trousseau," said ihecounrry ladv with a furtive glance at a hnxoia freekl-d daughter, who had lately bocumo engaged, and who had already b-'gua to disousa house linen and frocks with n largeness of idoas that alarmed her paren ts. "Yea; bin there is a difference between caring too ni'ich and not caring at all. duz-itte would be married in that white gingham she is wearing to-day if I would let her." 'Pray don't tease people about my frocks, auntie. If you can't nod something more in teresting to talk about we had bitter go away," said Snzetla with a patlirhness which was quite unlike her : but it must bo owned that to ho made the objeotof a publio attack in feminine convocation was somewhat ex asperating. Kirs. Mornington was net to be put down. She went on talking of frocks, though one of the daughters of the house carried Suzotte off to the garden — an act of real Christian abarity, if she had not spoilt her good work by beginning to talk of Suzette's lover, " I oan quite fancy your aunt must be rather boring sometimes," she said. " But do tell me about Mr. Oarew. 1 thought him so nice the other day at the flower show when you in troduced him to me." " What oan I tell you about him t You have seen him — and I am glad yon thought him nioe." " Yes : bub one wants to know more. One wants to know what he is like — from your point of view." " But how oould you see him from my point of view* That's impossible." "True '. A oasual acquaintance oould never see him as he appears to you — to whom he is all the world," said tho Canon's daughter, who was young and romantic, having lived upon ohurch music and Coventry Pat more's poetry. " There's my aunt showing them p&bternsof; my frooks!" exclaimed Suzette irritably, glancing in at tbe drawing-room where Mrs. Mornington sat, the oentre of a little group, banding scrape of stuff out of berretionle. The scraps were-being passed round and peered at and pulled about by everybody with a meditative and admiring air. An Afrioan savage, seeing the group would have supposed that some act of sortilege was being performed. i "rt rather an ordeal being married," ■aid the Oanon'e daughter, thinking sadly of a oertain undergraduate who was down hearted about his divinity exam., and upon whose achieving deacon's orders within a reasonable time depended the young lady's : matrimonial prospeote. She sighed as sne thought of the difference in worldly wealth between that well-meaning youth and Allan Oarew; and yet here was the future Mrs. Oarew pale and worried, and 1 obviously discontented with her lot, ' .When those gowns had been ordered, , Suzette felt as if it were another link forged in the iron ohain whioh seemed to weigh heavier upon ber every day of her life. She had promised, and she must keep her promise; Chat was what she was continually saying to herself. Those words wore woven into all her thoughts. Allan was eo good, so true hearted. Oould she disappoint and grieve him t Oould she be heartless, unkind, saltish—think of herself first and of liim after —snatoh at the happiness Fate offered to her and leave him out in the cold t No, better that she should bear her lot—become his wife, live out h6r slow melanoholy days his faithful servant and friend, honouring and obeying him, doing all that woman oan do for man, exoopt loving him. . Those meteoric appearances of Geoffrey's made hiB life muoh harder lor Suzette. She might have fought against her love for him more successfully perhaps had he been always uear ; had she seen him almost daily and be come aooustomed to his preseuoe as a oominon inoideut in the daily routine ; but to be told that be waB in the far north of Scotland yachtiog with a friend; and then to be startled by his voioe at hoc shoulder murmur ing ber name in Discombe Wood; and to turo rouud with nervous quiokneBB to eee bim j looking at her with his pale smile like a ghost —or t o be assured that he was salmon - fishing in Uotanemara, aDd to soe him suddenly sauntering aorose tbo lawn in the July dusk, more ghost-like even than in the woods, as if faoeaudform were the materialization which her own sad thoughts had coajured out of Che twilight. Ho would take very little trouble to exolain his unlooked-for return. Scotland was too hot; the North Sea was like a vast sheet of red-hot iron blown over by a south wind that was like the breath of a blast-furuaoe. Ire land was a place of bad inns and inexorable rain, and there were no fish, or none that he cuuld catob. llo had come home because life was weariness away from home. He feared that life meant weariness everywhere. riio days were hurrying by, and now Mrs. Mornmgton talked everlastingly of the wed ding, or so it seemed to Suzette, who in these latter days tried to avoid her aunt as much as waB consistent with civility, and fled from the Urovo to Disoombe as to a haven of peace. Mrs. Mornington loved to expatiate upon the ooraing event, to bewail hor niece's lndilTerent iem, to regret that tbere was to be no festivity worth speaking of, and to enlarge upon the advantages of Allan's position and sur roundings, and Suzette'a goodfortnno in having cometo Matoham. ] " Vour father might hare epont a thou- i sand pounds on a London season and not I have done half so well for you,"she said con clusively. The (isueral nodded assent. CLrtainly between them they had done wonderfully well for Suzette. I From the worldly wisdom the harassed girl fled to the qniut of Discombe, where the peaceful eilence was only broken by the deep broad stream of sound from the organ, touched with ever-growing power by Mrs. (Voruook. Suzette would steal softly into the music-room unannounced, and take her accus tomed seat in the roaess by the organ, and sit silently listening as long as Mrs. Wornock cared to play. Only when the last obord had died away did the two women touoli bands and look at each other. It was about a week after that wearying day in Sslisljury when Suzette Beated herself by the player in this silent way, and sat listening to a funeral march by Beethoven, with her head loaning on her hand, and not so much as a murmur of praise for music or performer stirring tho thoughtful quiet of her lips. When the last melancholy notes, low down in tho bass, had dwindled into eilence. Mrs. Wornook innlcod up and saw Suzatte's faoe bathe i in tears — tears that streamed over the paliid oheek? unchecked. tjmiffray'e mother started up from the organ, and clasped tho ivenpicg girl to her brea«t. " I'oor oiiild ' poor obild I He was right. tlipfi r 1 n;i are not happy." llnppy ! 1 am miserable 1- I don't know what to do? I don't know what would be worst or wickedest: to disappoint hi in or to marry him not loving him !" " No, no, no, yon must not marry, not if yon cannot lovo bim. But nro you sure of that, Susie? Aro you sure you don't love him ? Ilo ia eo good, so worthy to be loved, as Ins father was—years ago. Why should yon not lovo him ?" " Ah, who can tell?" sighed Suzette. " Who knows why love begins or how lova Beta tho mastery? I lot myself bo talked into think ing I lived hi in. I always liked him— likod Ida company—wss gratolul for his attentions, respected him for his fino nature, and then I lot hint persuade mo that thin was lore. Friendship and liking are cot lovo; and now that the fatal day draws nenr I know bow wido a differeuco iihero ta between fcva and liking." "You must not marry bim, Runouts. You know I would not willingly say ono word that would toll against Allan Oaraw'a happiness. I love liirn almost as dearly as I lovo my own son ; but when I sen you miseiablo — when I eee Geoffrey utterly wretched, I can no longer keep ailenoo. This marriage must be broken off." " Ffa will bate mo; ho will despise mo. What oan he think me? — false, fiokle, un worthy of a good man's love." " You must tell him the truth. It will be orue), but not so oruel as to let him go on be-' lievinginvou thinking himself happy, living in a fool's paradise. Will you let me speak for you. Suzette?— let me do what your mother might have done had aim bnen hero to help you in your need ?" Suzette was 8poechleas with tears, her faoo hidden on Mrs. Wornook'e shoulder. The door was opened at this .moment and a eervaub nnnounoed Mr. Carew. Allan had approached the group by the organ before either Mrs. Wornock or Susette could hide her agitation. Their tears, the .way in which they clung to each other, told ] of some over-mastering grief. I "Good God ! what ia the matter? What has happened ?" lie exclaimed. "Nothing has happened, Allun, yet there ia sorrow for all of us—sorrow that has been coming upcm us, though some of us did not know it. Suzette, may I tell bim—now, this moment?" " May you toll me? Tell me what?" ques tioned Allan. " Suzette, epeak to me—you— no ono else!" Fear, indignation, despair were in thie tone. He caught hold of Suzette's arm and drew her towards him, looking searchiugly at the pnlo, toaratained faco; but ehe tlirank from his ' grasp and sank on her kueea at his feet. "It is my miserable seoret—that moat bo told at lost. 1 have tried—1 have hoped—I honour —I respeot yeu—Allan. • But our '• hearts ate not oar own; we oannot guide or > : ; govern their purposes. My heart is weighed ^ down with shame and misery, hut it is empty ef love. l oannot love you as your wila .. should. If X keep my word I shall be a miter- ■ able woman." V * S You shall not be that," he said sternly— " not to make me the happiest man in :;,fi orestion. But don't you titink," with • chilling deliberation, "this tragedy might lier. I< have teen aoted a little earlier. It seems to me chat you have kept your seoret 'over carefully." "1 have been weak, Allan, hopelessly, miserably weak-minded, I tried to do what was best. I did not want to disappoint you" " Disappoint me ? Why, you have fooled ' me from tbe first 1 Disappoint me? Why, X have built the whole fabric of my future life . upon this rotten foundation I I was to ba bappy beoause of your love; my days and years were to flow sweetly by in a paradise of domestio peace, blessed by your love. And all the time' there has been no such thing.. You did not love me; and the hopelessness of the endeavour is brought home to you to-dty —three weeks before our wedding- day, •SuEette, !-uzntte, never was woman's ornelty omeller than this of yours." Bhe was in floods of tears at his feet, her. bead dropping till her faoe almost touched the ground. He left her kneeling there and rushed away tt> the garden to hide his own tears—tbe tears of which his manhood wee ashamed, the passionate sobs, the wild hystes rioal weeping of the sex that seldom weeps. He found a ehel er and a hiding-place in an angle of the garden whero there was a sidB walk shut in by olose-cropped oypress walls, and here Mrs. Wurnook found him pre sently sitting on a marble bench with his elbows on biskooee, bis faoe hidden in. his hands. She seated hereelf at his side and laid her band gently on his. *' Allan, dear Allan, I am so sorry for.you," she said softly. " i am very sorry for myself. I don'tBeem to need anybody's pity. I think I oan do all tbe " Ah, that is the worst of it. Nobody's sympathy oau help you.' "Not yours," Ueanswered almost savagely ; " for at heart you must be glad. My dismissal makes room for some one else — someone whoso interests are dearer to you than mine oouid ever be.,' " There ie no one nearer or dearer to Die than you, Allan—no one—not even my own eon. You have boen to me as a son—the eon of the man I fondly loved, whose faoe I was to look upon onoe—onoe after those long years in which we wore parted. I have loved you as a part of my youth, the living memory of my lost love. All, my dear, I had to learn the lesson of self-surrender when I was younger than you. I loved him with all my heart and mind, and I gave him up." " You did wrong to give him up. He him self said so. But there in no parallel between the two oases. This girl has let me believo in her. I have lived for a year in this sweat delusion—a bliss no more real than tho happi ness of a dream. She would havo loved me; she would have married me; all would have been well for us but for your son. When became my chanoe was blighted. He-has charms of mind and manner which I have not—like me, they say, but ten tiinos handsomer. He can speak to ber with a language which I have not. Oh, those stngiug notes on the violin — that longdrawn lingering sweep of the bntv, like the ory of a spirit in paradise—at) angelis voice tolling of the love ethereal—love re leased from olay—these tears which seemed to tremble on the strings—that loud, sudden sob of passionate pain wbiob came like a short, sharp amen to the prayer of love. I could understand that laugusge better than he thought. He stole her love from me—set himself deliberately to rob mo of my life's happiness." " it is cruel to say that, Allan. He ie in capable of treachery, of deliberate wrong doing. He is a creature of impulse." " Meaning a creature with whom self is the only god. Aud in one of his impulses he told Suzetteof his love, even in plainer words ttan hie Stradivarius eould tell the story; and from thab hour her heart was false to me. I saw the change in her when I came back after my father's death." "You are unjust to him, Allan, in yout 1 grief and anger. Whatever his feelings ma J I have been, hs has fought against them. Ha has made himself almost an exile from this [ house." " He has been biding his time, no doubt; and now that I have had the coup de grace bo will come back." 