Books for the People. 'The Criminal.' It has been well said that society often com mits greater crimes against criminals than criminals commit against society. For cen turies the treatment or punishment of offenders was in the highest degree inhuman and brutal. Burning, sawing in pieces, quartering alive, breaking on the wheel, exposing to wild beasts, pinching to death with red-hot pincers, were among the merciful methods adopted by our ancestors in ' the good old times ' with a view to reforming the wicked and inspiring respect for 'law and order.' In the time of Black stone no less than 160 crimes were pnnishable by death. Indeed the brutality of ancient punishment was only equalled by its absurdity. It was not until the year 1846 that an Act \9 and 10 Vic, c. 32) was passed declaring that ' the law respecting tbe forfeiture of chattels which have moved to or caused the death of man and respecting the deodands, is unreason able and inconvenient,' and further enacting 'that from and after the 1st September, 1846, there shall be no forfeiture of any chattel for or in respect of the Bame having moved to or caused the death of man.' Prior to the date in question the beast that killed a man, the cart-wheel that ran over him, or tbe tree that fell upon him, causing his death, was deodand or given to God, La, forfeited and Bold for the poor. In ancient Greece a still more absurd form of the same custom obtained. According toGrote 'a court of justice was held at the Pry taneum to try any inanimate object, such as an axe or a piece of wood or stone which had caused the death of anyone without proved human agency, and this wood or stone, if con demned, was in solemn form oast beyond the border.' In France, in the year 1094, a pig was solemnly hanged by the neck until dead for the murder of a child, while in the year 1120 the Biehop of Laon excommunicated a swarm of caterpillars which had evidently been committing their usual depredations in the dis trict. The Bame principle was recognised in Jewish law which directed (Exodus xxi., 38) that '' if an ox gore a man to death, then the ox shall be surely stoned and his flesh shall not fr- «M«rv ' Tftumntaally the same_ savage custom prevails to this day among exist1 ing rude peoples. Among the Kukis of Southern Asia if a man is killed by the fall of a tree bis relatives avenge fauxieanity cutting the tree up and destroying it. Iawis exoeed ingly conservative, and so, even in the juris prudence of the most advasoed nation, savage nnMwrtiinns of justice ptill survive. ? # * * Fortunately, however, in these mote Demo cratic and enlightened days, the subject of criminology is being studied in tb» 'pint, and the product of environment on imlHisHa' and heredity on the other, that in a word tbe criminal is an effect, and ioat if he is ultimately to be removed that result shall be accomplished not by brutally punishing him, but by remov ing Tinecauses^wh1^lpWdnoe'1iiHsr^Iir^Be, the science of Criminology is being added to the other sciences, and no work in tbe Eoglish tongue expounds it more successfully and more ably than Havelock EUis's work entitled 'The Criminal.' # * # Broadly— very broadly— speaking the causes of crime may be resolved into two, heredity and environment. The influence of heredity is mighty and far-reaching, as the following famous example will show. -..*-? ? ¥HE-!UOKZBI?-CAHII.V. ? The ancestor of the [Jakes] family, a descendant of early Dutch settlers, was born here between 1780 and 1740. This m«n lived to an old age, when he became blind, and left a numerous more or less illegitimate progeny. Two of bis sons married two ont of five more or less illegitimate sitters; these siBters were tbe 'Jukes.' Tbe descendants of these flTB gjgtwi have been traced with varying completeness tbrotigb flve subsequent generations. The number of individuals thus traced reaohes 709 ; the Teal aggregate is rrobably 1200. This vast fsmtljr, while it bas included* certain proportion of faonest workers, bas been on the whole a family of criminals and prostitutes, vagabonds afld paupers. Of all the men not 90 wen skilled workmen, and ten *-f these learnt their trades in prison ; 180 re* ceived outdoor relief to tbe extent of an aggregate of 800 yean; or.maklngallowanoesfortheoiniasions in tie record, 2800 yean. Of tbe 709 there were 76 criminals, committing US offences. The average prostitution among tbe marriageable daughters was 62-40 per -cent; the normal average has been estimated at 1*66 per cent. # * # But the influence of environment muBt not be under estimated. Without question a large amount of crime can be traced to social ancT economic causes. On this point Mr. Ellis speaks in no uncertain tones. He says : It is worse than useless to occupy ourselves with methods for improving the treatment of criminals, eo long as the conditions of life render the prison a galcome and desired shelter. So long as we foeter tbe growth of the recmeag cliEBee we foster the growth o( criminality. Bo long as there are a large body of women In the East of London, and in other large centres, who are t repared to say, ' It's Jack the Ripper on the bridge with me. What's the odds'? there will be a still larger number who KrlU willingly accept tbe risks of prison. Wha'/s the odds? Liberty is dear M every man who is fed and clothed and boused, and he will not usually enter upon a course of crime unless he has carefully calculated the riekB of losing his liberty, and found them small t -bnt -lood-Bad-shelter -are even inore precious than Iiborty, aad these may be secured in a prison. # * # 'Tbe social environment,' Locessagne bae well said is the cultivation medium of criminality; tbe criminal Ib tbe microbe, an element which only be comes important when it finds the medium which causes it to foment. Every society has tbe crime which it deserves.' # * * The science, it will thus be seen, of Criminology unites with tbe science of sociology in affirm ing that crime ib ultunately^the product of social conditione, and can never bo removed until the principles of social justice prevail throughout the world. Crime in the ghost of social wrong haanting us in our festivals of social injustice. PbomethkCk. I 