MINSTREL ENTERTAINMENT AT KOONDROOK. feom a cqrbespondext. Notwithstanding the steady down pour of rain which visited this district on Wednesday last, the minstrel enter tainment given by the Kerang Magpies was well attended. The performance had been looked for with some interest by the residents, and considerable dis appointment was manifested when it became apparent that a large number of intending patrons would be pre vented from attending. When the curtains were drawn, however, and the circle of Magpies commenced hurl ing forth their jokes and topical versi fications, laughter and good humor chased dull care away, and continuous applause rewarded the coloured mirth- makers. The overture by the orchestra was well rendered, and the music was thoroughly appreciated. Immediately after the last bar of " The Caliph of Bagdad" had died away, the opening chorus was given with considerable verve, and the usual "funny speaks" between interlocutor and corner-men followed, these positions being occu pied by Messrs De Gruchy, Middleton and Balding. Mr C. Avard sung " Our Boys" ; he was in good voice and gave a careful rendition of the song, supported by a spirited chorus. Mr Balding followed with " I Caught It," and in response to an imperative encore, followed Ms effort by a reci tation which the interlocutor an nounced as "extempore" and was certainly pre-eminently local. Mr Wallace's number was " First in the Fie Id," and was well sung. Mr Wallace possesses a good voice, and may be expected to do good work as his singing becomes more . .ma,tured. "Mesrire-SHmrijer'anAMiddleton --were ! successful in their comic 'songs " The- Parson and the Clerk" and the Bald- headed Swell," and Mr E. G. Jenkins followed with the pretty ballad " Norinc Moureen."' The first part of the programme conclued with the negro solo and choros " The Full Moon Brigade," assisted by effeotive regalia and limelights. The second part of programme included songs by Messrs Appleford and Maxwell (which were well received), an amusing mimic entertainment, and a stamp oration by Mr De Gruchy and an umbrella. A couple of amusing farces were also presented. " Edison's Wonderful Telephone" was well staged, and the burlesque acting of Messrs Rice and Harber -left nothing to be desired. " The Ghost in the Pawnshop" gave Mr Ireland an opportunity for some excellent comic business, and he may he looked upon as a young amateur of ; considerable talent. He was - well supported by Messrs Hussey (the ghost), and Messrs Avard and Cole- man. The Magpies are annoonced to appear ehortly in Kerang, and should be accorded -a hearty welcome. The South Australian Government in-, tend to make a. clean sweep, of their mlitia. They reckon the conn'ry can't Afford .to foal money away, on playing , at soldiers. . ;.A British vessel has been fired on and boarded by a Spanish warship off the WWlofCnh#, 