A Seduction of Kents. THE farmer who wants a • reduction of his rent or a reduction of 'everything generally, except perhaps the price of produce, has always been with us, and probably will be to the end. The community ordinarily has become so accustomed to his clamor that it has accepted him without complaint as a sort of just cure for its sins, and of late years has grown case-hardened to any demand for concession, and refuses to believe that any necessity exists to alter the present state of affairs. Governments which are only a shadow of the people—and a particularly shady shadow at times—have fallen into the same way of thinking, and endeavour to shove the bucolic deputations into outer darkness with the promise of a Land Bill, which when it appears is usually as indefinate as the reflection of a ghost in a hotel mirror. The Land Act of 1894 was of this nature. It rjca^nisid at least that re-examination of rental values was necessary in some cases, and having reached that.point sat down tired out. The act which permits of a reexamination with power to reduce covers only a period of six months, and if the applications for a transfer of present holdings to perpetual leases are only half as numerous as the demand for the alteration would lead one to suppose, then the Land Board which now sits will still be losing its front hair in a desperate attempt to grapple with this business on the day when the currency of the provisions of the Exchange of Lands and Rents Reduction Act expires. Putting aside the fact that rents were, in a large number of eases, fixed in years gone by with a lordly indifference to producing capabilities by a department whose ignorance of land values was a priceless thing from an exhibition point of view, and that these rents were accepted by farmers on a misty understanding that the niillenium was due at an early date, there are still good reasons why the Commissioner should consider, and the Land Board grant a reduction. The prices of produce have fallen in all directions anil rents which were fair a decade back must now be extortionate. And while the returns from land have fallen fifty per cent, the burdens imposed by local taxation have risen enormously. The cost of destruction of vermin now falls altogether on the holder, the subsidies of rates for maintenance of district roads have been lowered, the main road grants are being gradually abolished, and it is evident that if not now at least in the near future all public works which contribute to the betterment of land will be constructed on a new principle. That most of these things might have been foreseen by an acute observer who kept his eye on the political current is true, but usually the farmer is not an acute observer of politics, arid if he were, the shifty politician would absorb about twenty- four hours per day of his time and leave but little leisure for attendance on root crops and fleeces. Much of the land was taken up on the understanding that the State would still contribute much towards its improvement and rents were paid in proportion, and now that the State contributions have baeri lowered a reconsideration of the agreements is necessary. The new form of land tenure adopted by South Australia is almost peculiar to herself. Few if any other countries have tried the system of granting leases for all time with a fixed rental, and as the perpetual lease offers all the advantages of a freehold, with no initial expenditure of capital it seems probable that ultimately- all the various forms of lease held in the. province will be abandoned and held under . the new system. The provision for the imposition of an adjustable land tax insures that rents" can hardly be fixed too -low, for the revenue can thus be raised according to the needs of Government. - ^u there is a serious danger in fixing rents too high at the outset. The old with a re-valuation every fourteen years gave the farmer security that even if he had got into a bad bargain! he need only wait until its expiry foe are- adjustment; the perpetual lease offers nothing. To lower the xent would need an annihilation, of the covenants and would simply convince the farming community — already tending towards the conclusion that all governments are liars—that there is -no abiding system of land tenure on earth. If perpetual leases, not. .subject to valuation, are to become general, and if it is intended to adhere to that form of tenure, it is certainly advisable that the rents should be fixed at a figure which will allow for contingencies in the fall of produce, and thus prevent the possibility of the state ^having to go back on its own word, or the former having to throw up his lease and move on to a new place. The nomadic farmer has been an unmitigated curse to this country and the only way apparently to fix Lim on the soil is to give him land on such advantageous terms, that the only concession that could be asked in the future would have to take the form of a request for a bonus for camping on the lease. The farmer who would ask and the government that would grant such a concession are such remote possibilities that they need not be considered lor some time to come. . — RAMCO VILLAGE SETTLEMENT.—The Secretary oF the village settlement at Ramco on the River Murray has written the committee of the Village Settlement Aid Society at Millicent to thank theui for help. The settlers apparently are hopeful of success, and the Government report on their village is, according to the writer, more favorable than on any other. The need to provide an expensive irrigating plant has handicapped the project a good deal and without such machinery the returns from the land will be small. Over a year has passed since the settlers first landed at Ramco on February 19th, 1894, and they have during that time raised a good deal of their sustenance from what was formerly a sheep walk—and a mighty poor sheep walk at that—and have besides done a good deal of work such as fruit tree and vine planting, the good effect of which will not be felt for some time. SHAKES. — Snakes have been very plentiful this year and the season lias been particularly unhealthy for reptiles, to judge by the deaths reported. Numbers have been killed along the railway line towards Mount Gain bier and in parts lying closer in towards the town. On Wednesday evening last a large specimen was destroyed in the garden in front of Mr. E. J. Harris's house, making the round dozen killed in that paddock for the summer months. THE MILLICENT COUESING CLUB.—A meeting of the members of the Millicent Coursing Club was held at Tantram's Hotel on Monday evening, March 11th. It was decided that the intention to hold a meeting on April 10th should be adhered to and the place was fixed at Waterbank. The stake will be for an unlimited number of dogs at Is. eaeh with a qualification fee of 7s. 6d. Mr. O. Eoote was appointed judge, Messrs. G. Bennett and F. G. Dodge joint secretaries, and the programme will be issued shortly. CHANGE OF MINISTERS.—The Rev. W. A. Gann, who has had charge of the mcthodist Church in Millicent for the past year, lias, by the Wesleyan Conference, been appointed to Eudunda". The l?ev. W. J. Mortimer will fill the vacancy caused by the transfer. NEW ARRIVALS.—Sportsman of the district who have got tired of hunting the evasive duck and stalking the wild turkey have been excited by the arrival in this locality of a fresh description of game. The new-comer was first seen at Kendelsham on Wednesday last and a few specitnens were secured by Mr. C. Martin out of a mob of some hundreds. The bird is about the size of a pigeon, eolored dark brown with yellow spots on the back, long slender bill, and long legs. At present "-fanciers" are not decided whether it is one of several species of snipe or a new description of qual and a Teutomic resident has compromised the matter by setting it down as a "snail" but the nomenclature is not yet accepted as authentic. POLITICAL VISITOHS,—A meeting composed principally of working men was held at Sucker's Somerset Hotel • on Saturday evening, March 9th, to take into consideration the idea of a visit to this district of Mr. M. WcGregor, M.L.C., member for the Southern Division, and some others of the Labor party. It was decided tliat a request should be forwarded to Mr. McGregor, and a strong committee was formed to carry out the necessary arrangements. It is probable that the date chosen will be Saturday, April 18tli, and the party will in that case shake a leg at the gathering of the clans to be held on Easter Monday. ST. PATRICK DAY.—Acceptances for the St. Patrick Day's sports which will be found in another column have been fairly numerous, and good fields will in every case face the starter, or the new starting machine, to speak by the card. The programme for the concert his been filled mainly- with-' the names of Mount Gambier performers, the directorship of the whole : being in the hands of Mrs. Wilkinson. -- A DISTINGUISHED . Vieiroa.—A festive scion of the British aristocracy struck die town this week, and reported, hitnself at the police station as the son of Sir Charles t Cavanagb Bart' 'of ludiA,' What Was ! left of him (for he was minus a couple of lease fingers and had several sections of his body carved elegantly with -alleged sword cuts), told a pitiful story of high life and general disaster and alter borrowing in right royal fashion from soma of the residents left the town suddenly, giving the inhabitants a general sort of impression that he was going away to arrange for an Imperial marriage and would return at an early date to create a special peerage among lus benefactors. This intimation pf the distinguished stranger's appearance is given in ordrr that other South-Eastern towns may be prepared to rcceive the son of the Baronet according toiiisrank. THE LABORPAKTY AT MOOKT GAMBIER. Messrs. Eirkpatrick and McGregor, 1 representing the Southern District of the colony in the Legislative Council, accompanied by Messrs. McPUerson ana Price, visited Mount Gambier on Friday last *ad addressed a crowded mating in the Town Hall there on Saturday night. The four membera spoke, each taking a special line, either by accident or intention. The Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick endeavored to show from the report of the Special Commission on wheat rates, |that the farmers of the colony had been outmanoeuvered by several firms in the matter of getting wheat carried from Victoria along the railways, and apparently succeeded in his attempt' to the satisfaction of his audience. The Hon. M. McGregor took a brief for the blockers and Village settlers and claimed that (he operation of the Blockers legislation had given opportunities for settlement by poor men which were otherwise impossible. Mr. McPherson. held that the coinbmation of the farmer with the Labor p^fcy was more justifiable than that of tho farmer with the National Defence League, and traversed a good deal of the work of Parliament. Mr. Price who evidently caught on with the audience threatened to prove the charges made by him out of which the recent libel case arose, and generally speaking as he himself said "showed the audience what sort of a fellow he was." THE TANTANOOLA STATIONMASTEB.—• Mr. W. Thomas, who only a short time since succeeded Mr. Coles as Stationmaster at Tantanoola, was taken ill on Saturday last. He was pushing one of the trucks m the station yard"? and the exertiou brought on severe hemorrhage from the lungs. Dr. Gribble attended the patient on Saturday, but his condition became so serious that Dr. Ml- Mahon, of Mouut Gambier, was seat Eot Mr. Thomas was sent on to the Mount Gambier Hospital on Tuesday, and at latest advices his condition was improifing. It will be some time, however, even under the most favorable circ-.imstanccs, before he will be able to resume his duties. CORRECTION.—In the report of the Agricultural Bureau on our fourth pajje the remark of Mr.T. Serle that the milk of his cows had increased in value from 5£d. to 9d. should read " the value had increased as from 5| to 9. PICNIC. — As a return, for tho picnic given by Miss Hart and other ladies a short time ago, some of the bachelors ef Millicent tendered an enter tainment of a similar description on Friday evening, March 8th. Abont 1(X> ladies and gentlemen were present ir. the paddock east of Mr. Hart's residence Mill Farm. In spite of the fact that the weather reporter from Adelaide had not prophesied fine weather, there was every indication of rain, but the spirits of the party held up sufficiently to enable them to pass a very pleasant evening. Dancing and games were kept wp till some where about midnight, and after refreshments the revellers separated. FBOZEN RABBITS.—Tho firm referred to n last, week's issue, who -were reported as prepared to make advances on rabbits sent to Eugland, have made arrangements for a trial parcel, and, until they know how these will turn out, will not undertake to make any further advances. We expect to be advised in due ourse how the shipment answers, and will make it known to our readers. CATHOLIC MISSION.—The most remarkable thing in the spiritual life of to-day so it is said, is the extraordinary and increasing vitality of the Roman Catholic Church, arid lately the spread of its teachings even among Australians, who are the * the Gallios of the world in religious matters, has been very marked. The mission, carried on' by the Redemptorist Fathers, lias been principally responsible for the revival. On Saturday last Father Bingham arrived in Millicent, to open tho work of the mission here, and since then the church building has baen continually open and attended by large congregations in spite of inclement weather. On Thursday Father Barry eama from Mount Gambier, and the interest excited by his eloquence ha* crowdod the church to its utmost capacity* Lust night an address entitle! " The Devil's Sermon," was delivered by Fathw Barry, and standing room was barely available. The mission closes in Millicent on Sunday, and the Fathers will leave on Monday to continue their work elsewhere. BKACHPORT DISTRICT COUBRIL.— The next meeting of the Beaehport District" CoimciL will be held on Wednesday, March 20th, owing to the fact that on the regular maeting day of the council the Land Board will opm its sittings in Millicent. The.council has received £103 granted soma time ago for the H^harleigh road, and the amount of £HS received as first instalment of £249 main -road grant, will ba pirtly d>»U with by-the couasil at its msetinj. Attogefttat the BsaihpSi-l Couucil will havfe penditure of grants amounting to^£348in 'its lupidslorihii jeai.^"" Tho iand Boark Its tittmgl in " Miiiifcent on ' Wednesday, | March 27th Agoadde&V; atl|&hfes; to W ' \- session • &s; applications for transfer of Ibises to perpetual. States! under the' Seduction of Kents Act, of 1894 will be heard. • ' . i SAJJK OF EDGKESTOX ESTATE.- To-day, -Mr. A. J, Hate will offer at Tantram's < Hotel, the freehold and -leasehold' land cbhiprised in the Edgerston estate with .sections of land in the Hundred of'Hindmarsh. . ':". : •: Wk^lktak PtONic.-4-^hfe, picnic in connection with the Wesleyan Sunday school will be held \ m IM*. Marsh'« paddock, on .-the Mount Gambier road' on Wednesday, March 20th. 