KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XIII.—(Continued.) He started up. So blood-curdling, so unexpected pected was it, that for one moment his heart gave a great bound. It was followed by another, wild, agonized— then dead silence fell. Physically and morally Redmond O'Donnell was brave to the core, and had given many and strong proofs of his bravery ; but a chill, more like fear that anything he had ever experienced, fell upon him now. What hideous thing was this ? Was murder being done in this spectral house ? It looked a fit place for a murder—all darkness, all silence, all desolation. The unearthly cry was the same that once before had terrified Lady Cecil but of that circumstance he knew nothing. ''What deeds of evil was going on within these dark walls ? Should he force an entrance and see ? Would that dreadful cry be repeated? He paused and listened—five, ten, fifteen minutes. No, dead silence reigned. Only the flutter of the leaves, and the chirp of some bird in its nest, the soft rustle of the trees, the faint soughing of the wind— the ''voices'' of the night —nothing more. What ought he to do? While he still stood there irresolute lost in wonder and a sort of awe, the porch door opened, and the mysterious lady he had followed appeared. A second figure, the bent figure of a very old woman, came after. The first was speaking. ''No, no, Hannah ; you shall not come. Aftaid ! What nonsense ! The time for me to fear anything earthly is past. Nothing living or dead will harm me. I will reach Scarswood in less than three quarters of an hour, get in as I got out, in spite of all Sir Peter's chains and locks, and tomorrow be once more my lady's staid preceptress of youth. Hannah, Hannah, what a life it is ! Go back ; try to keep everything quiet ; don't let these ghastly shrieks be repeated if you can help it. How fortun- ate Bracken Hollow is thought to be haunted, and no one ever comes here by night or day !'' ''We had a narrow escape not long ago, for all that. It was one of the bad days, and the lady and gentleman heard. I put them off, but it may hap- pen again, and it will. It can't go on forever. Nothing goes on forever ; I don't want it to go on forever. My time is drawing near; little by little the light is breaking, and my day is coming. Until it does, keep quiet ; use the drug if there's too much noise. I will return as speedily as pos- sible. Now, good-night.'' She ran down the steps, walked with her firm, resolute, fearless tread, down the path, and, as be- fore, lingered a second or two at the gate. The old woman had gone back to the house, and the , dark figure under the firs she did not see. She drew out her watch, and looked at it by the light of the moon. "Half-past one!" she murmured. "I had not thought it so late. It will be a quarter past two, then, before I reach Scarswood." ''And a very, late hour for Miss Herncastle to be out alone!'' Obeying an impulse he could not resist, the chasseur emerged from the tree-shadows and stood before her. ''With her permission I will see her safely back.'' And then, with the light of the moon upon his face, Redmond O'Donnell removed his hat, and bowed to Miss Herncastle. CHAPTER XIV. UNDER THE KING'S OAK. She did not scream, she did not even start. There must have been brave blood in the governess' veins. She stood there stock-still, and faced him ; but in the moonlight that gray pallor came over the resolute face, and the great gray eyes dilated with something like the look of a hunted stag. So for an instant they stood silent, face to face, he with the brilliant, slanting moonbeams full on dark, handsome, uncovered head, and his piercing, blue eyes pitilessly fixed on her stony face. Then the spell broke ; she drew one long breath, the light came back to her eyes, the natural hue to her face, and she nerved herself to meet and dare the worst. She was one of those exceptional women who possess courage that rises to battle back in the hour of danger. -She opened the gate and spoke. ''Captain Redmond O'Donnell,'' she said, slowly, ''it is you, I breathe again. For one moment I absolutely took you for a ghost. My nerves are good, but you gave them, a shock.'' '' Yes,'' Captain O'Donnell dryly suggested, '' I think your nerves are good, Miss Herncastle. There are not many young ladies— not many strong minded governesses even — who would fancy the long, lonely walk between Scarswood and this place and the ghostly hours of twelve and two. You are going back ? As I said before, with your permission, I will accompany you. Under existing circumstances, it becomes my duty to see you safely home.'' She smiled, came out, relocked the gate, put the key in her pocket, drew the black mantle she wore closely about her and walked on. ''Your duty ?'' she repeated, still with that smile.''Duty is a word with a wide signification to some people. For instance, no doubt you con- sidered it your duty to follow me here to-night — to dog my footsteps like the hireling assassin of an Italian novel — to (it is not a pleasant word, but it is the word I want) play the spy.'' He was walking by her side. He was lowering the pasture bars of a field as she spoke, to let her through. ''Spy?'' he said. ''Well, yes, I confess it looks like it. Still, in justice to myself and my motives, let me say that something more than simple curiosity has been at work tonight. In the usual course of events, though it might surprise me to see Lady Dangerfield's governess taking a moon light ramble after midnight, it certainly would not induce me to follow her, and play the spy, as you term it, upon her actions. But another motive than curiosity prompted me tonight--to dog your footsteps, to wait for your reappearance, and to accompany you home.'' ''Ah, something more ! May I ask what it is that induces Captain O'Donnell to take so profound an interest in one so far beneath him as Lady Dangerfield's governess?' The grave defiance of her tone and manner, the daring mockery of her glance, told him she was prepared to deny everything— to fight every inch of the ground. ''Well, Miss Herncastle,'' he said, ''my first impression when I recognized you— for your carriage, your walk, your bearing, are not mistaken anywhere——'' Miss Herncastle bowed sarcastically, as to a compliment. ''My first impression, I say, was that you were walking in your sleep. I knew a somnambulist in Algeria who would walk miles every night, if not locked up. But a little thought, and a few minutes cautious pursuit, convinced me that you were not sleep-walking, but exceedingly wide awake indeed.'' Again Miss Herncastle bowed— again with that derisive, defiant smile on her face. Her whole look, manner, and tone were entirely unlike Miss Herncastle, who seemed more like an animated statue than a living woman. ''And being convinced of that, Captain O'Donnell's first impulse— the impulse of all brave men and gallant gentlemen, was —'' Miss Herncastle is out for a walk by herself, either on private business, or because of the heat of the night, or because she cannot sleep. She certainly doesn't want me, and is quite capable of taking care of her self. I will turn back at once and think no more about it.' That was, I know, the first thought of Captain O'Donnell, the bravest chasseur in all the army of Africa. May I ask why he did not act upon it ?'' ''Simply for this reason— that Captain O'Donnell recognized Miss Herncastle at six o'clock last evening, as she stood upon the lawn, reading the Battle of Fontenoy.'' '' Indeed,'' Miss Herncastle responded, with supreme indifference; ''recognised me, did you? I am rather surprised at that. You encountered me in the streets of London, probably, before I came here ?'' ''No, madame. I encountered you in the streets of a very different city. I have an excellent memory for faces ; and though I may be puzzled to place them for a little, I generally come out right in the end.'' ''I congratulate Captain O'Donnell on his excellent memory. And my face puzzled you at first, did it? And you have come out all right in the end ?' ''Carry your memory back to the night of the theatricals at Scarswood — the night of my first appearing there. I saw you play Charlotte Corday, and, in common with all present, your manner of enacting it electrified me. More — I knew imme- diately that Ihad seen you before, and in some- what similar circumstances. I asked who you were, and was told, Lady Dangerfield's nursery governess. That nonplussed me : my recollections of you were altogether irreconcilable with the character of children's preceptress. Then came last evening, and your very fine rendering of the Irish poem. And again I was puzzled. Your face was perfectly familiar — your attitude, your voice, your action — but where had I seen you ? Do you remember Lady Cecil's exclamation ? — 'Miss Hern- castle, you are a born actress!' Like mist before the sun, the haze of my mind was swept away, and I knew you. I repeat it, Miss Herncastle — I knew you!'' ''You knew me?'' Miss Herncastle repeated, but her eyes were gleaming strangely now. 'Well, you know nothing to my discredit, I hope ?'' ''Nothing to your discredit, if you have told Lady Dangerfield the truth. But baronets' wives rarely look for their children's instructresses in the person of — a New York actress.'' ''Captain O'Donnell !'' ''Miss Herncastle !'' And then there was a pause, and for an instant how horribly thick and fast Miss Herncastle's heart beat only Miss Herneastle ever knew. ''I don't understand you,'' she said ; but in spite of all her great self-command her voice sounded husky. ''A New York actress? I never was in New York in my life. I am an Englishwoman born and bred.'' If he would only take his eyes off her face, she thought her defiant spirit would rise again. But those powerful blue eyes, keen as a knife, bright as steel, seemed to pierce her very soul, and read all its falsehood there. ''I regret Miss Herncastle takes the trouble to make unnecessary statements,'' he said, coldly. '' An Englishwoman born and bred. I believe that. But, as surely as we both stand here, I saw you six months ago on a New York stage — one of the most popular actresses of that city.'' She was silent -- her lips set hard — that hunted look in her large eyes. ''The play was 'Hamlet,' '' pursued the pitiless voice of the chasseur; ''and the great trans- atlantic actor, Edwin Booth, played the doleful Prince of Denmark. I had never seen ' Hamlet,' and I went the first night of my arrival in New York. The Ophelia of the play was a tall, black browed majestic woman, who acted superbly, and who looked as if she could take care of herself ; but, then, all American women have that look. At least she was very far from one's idea of poor, love-sick, song-singing, weak- minded Ophelia ; and I really think she took the character better than any actress I ever saw; but, then, my experience has been limited. Miss Herncastle, I don't remember the name of that actress on the bills, but I certainly have the honour of walking by her side tonight. No,''— he lifted his hand hastily, ''I beg you will not trouble yourself to deny this. What good will it do ? You can't convince me, though,you denied it until daylight. I know I speak the truth.'' (To be continued.) 