THE LATE JUDGE HIGINBüTHÄM PROFESSOR MORRIS' memoir of his father-in-law, the late Chief Justice Higinbotham, of Victoria, has been published in England, and scraps of it have already got as far as Australia. A London correspondent writes, after conning the' book :-Rowing and riding were Chief Justice Higin botham's regular recreations daring the early years in Melbourne. Two or three times a week he would go sculling on the Tarra. In February, 1855, George Higinbotham and James Service were enrolled together as volunteers in Melbourne. Higin botham's famous phrase, the " Wealthy lower orders," is described by Professor Morris as having more point, sting, and adhesive power than any he had coined. Apparently he died a socialist, for Professor Morris quotes him as saying that he " had left the individualist camp with regret, just seeing its merits, but now he hoped more for humanity from collective action." It seems that Higinbotham made no pecuniary sacrifice in accept- ing a judgeship, as only in one year bad .his practice at the bar yielded him more than £3000, but this was owing to his exceeding concientiousness in never looking up cases that appeared to him of doubtful character. He was a most indiscriminate alms* giver, and, while he had chambers at 73 Chancery-lane, Little. Collins-street, this characteristic led to a continual stream of very undesirable persons up the staircase, so that a general grand remonstrance from all the old barristers in the building was prepared, and he had moBt reluctantly to give np this particular department of hil benevo- lence. HÏB religion is thus summed up by Professor .Morris :-" He fol- lowed not Christ's followers, but Christ himself; not Christian teaching, but Christ's own teaching. In his absolute negative of self he was a most Christ- like man." Amongst the many interesting inci- dents and anecdotes recorded by Professor Morris, perhaps the most surprising is the statement that at the outset of his Melbourne career he was so neglected by the attorneys and sb unable to procure remunerative work that all' his funds became exhausted and he was reduced to despair. From this deplorable condition he was rescued by the happy accident of a certain unnamed barrister in large practice becoming helplessly drunk one day and unable to attend to business. Five of the inebriated one's briefs were hurriedly transferred to the starving Higinbotham, who acquitted himself creditably with them, and was thus started on the road to fame and fortune at tbe bar. The Hellers gave another enter- tainment at the Cosmopolitan Hall last evening, when several new songs were introduced, and appeared to meet with appreciation from the audience. 'Madame Heller introduced a novelty in the shape of the " Ghost Bag," and her exhibition of somnomancy waa as mystifying as ever. The Hellers give another performance this evening. Mr. Abbott, who has been suffering from a throat affection induced by indigestion, continues to improve in voice. No business was transacted in the Police Court this morning. O SURNAMES Were introduced into England by the Normans The old Normans used Filz, which signified son, as Fitzherbert ; the . Trish used O for grandson, as O'Neal ; the Scottish Highlanders used Mae, aa Mac ionald, son ol Donald; in the north the English added the word SOB, as Williamson. Some firma tue the apostrophe in a peculiar tray, thus UDOIPHO WOLFE'S SOS & Co. is the present same of the proprietors of Wolfe's Schnapps, the most favourably < mown and finest stimulant in the world. It' [a well to beware of imitations, and to bur ?hole bottles. 