Stainer's Oratorio. "THE CRUCIFIXION.' The forthcoming peiformaneo amongst us of Sir John Staiuer's short devotiuuul oratoiio—"The Crucifixion"—is an aesthetic event of which uuy small country town out of Germany may justly bo proud. Whether well or ill done the very attempt says much for tho ability anil courage of our local amateurs; certainly it claims attention. Doubtless there will be a numerous attendance on Good Friday eveniug in St. John's Church, when this oratoiio will be given, and such being the case u brief discriptiou of it may prove acceptable to a numerous suction of our readers. It will be well, however, at the outnut to explain the nature aud aim of au oratoiio. An oratorio, tlieu, is au attempt to interpret musically and bring vividly before the mill i some sacred subject or uvcut. Oratorios originated at Rome iu the oratory—whence the name—founded by St. Philip Neri at the close of the 10th century, ari'i were at tirii distinctly devotional iu character. From Italy they wore, 120 years later, imported into England direct by the great JJ.indol, where instead of heitig performed in churches they were produced exclusively in the theatres; they had lost their devotional character in the transit. Handid's earliest oratorios were not. received with much favor; they worn contrasted disadvantageous^ with his Italian operas which now (so varies pnblic taste) are never heard ; but from the date of the production of his "Messiah" Haudel and Haodel's oratorios held exclusive possession of English audiences for a very long period. At the beginning of the present century Haydu's sublime oratorio, "TheCreation" became popular in England; it was followed by his "Seasons." The first really English oratorio, "Palestine" was given to the world a little later by ])r Crotch ; a [fine work remembered chiefly now-a-days by a sparkling chorus of great brillianoe "Daughter of Sioo, Virgin-Queen, rejoice." Theu moreoratorioB were imported Spohr's "Last Judgment," followed by Meudelsohn's "Elijah," "St. Paul." aud the "Hymn of Praise." A11 these works except the last are undcvotioual, and more or less unfit for performance in C'lurch, whither they nevertheless found their way. Quite recently there caine a change. Sir Michael Costa had produced his "Eli" constructed on the Handelian model, and Sir '.V. S. Beunett his "Woman of Samaria"—most charming of English Oratorios — wlieu ill a happy hour, and afti-r many spasmodic attempts, the gloiious "Pansiou Music" of J. S. Bach was successfully introduced into England. Jc had taken more than a century to educate the Eaglish public up to it, and whether Handel's work had promoted or retarded the pneess is a dcbateable question. But in Germany oratorio had made its home in the Lutheran Church at once ; it remained devotional and though iu Bach's hands it became iu the noblest sense dramatic, still the audiences werctreate 1 as a congregation, aud were enabled by the iuterspersion of grand chorales to bear a distinct part io the peiforniance. Sir John Stainer's "Crucifixion" though a small work, is au oratorio of this class. Its full description as given ou the title page is: '•The Crucifixion, a meditation ou the Sacred Passion of the Holy Redeemer for two solo voices (Tenor and Bass) and chorus, aud interspersed with hymus to be suug by the congregation ; the words selected and written by the Rev. J. Spairow-Simpaun, M.A., the music by J. Stuiner." I'he selected words are from Holy Scripture ami in them exclusively the narrative of the crucifixion is told, while iu a few iustauces they form part of the meditatiou ou the narrative nlao. The selection is certaiuly judicious ; possibly it had beeu better had it been more copious, at least as far as the narrative is concerned. The reverse is ununfortunately the case with tho origiual part of the compilation. Were Mr Sparrow- Simpson professionally a poet aud practically familiar with the adage that "brevity is soul of wit" he would have polished up his verses ; aud shortened them. As it is, some of his happiest thoughts are obscured by his verbiage, and twice at ieast the skill of the musical composer has failed to conceal the parson preaching just for preachiug's sake. The chief defect of the libretto is, however, its conclusion, which does worse than leave ou the hearer's inind a tense of incompleteuess. Far better would it have beeu to have continued the scriptural narrative down to the incident of the piercingof the dead Saviour's side, where a chorale expressing the (sentiment of the immortal "Ro.ck of Ages cleft for me" would have formed a worthy fiuale to the representatiou of the One Dirine Tragedy. No criticism can be too severe for the words and position of the concladiug hymn, "All for Jesus," What the composer could do he has done, but the effect is precisely analogous to the usage at Biitish military funerals where the bauds goes forth solemnly playing the Dead March iu Saul, and when all is over returns with "the girl I left behind me" or some other quick step. Turning to Sir Johu Staiuer's music it may he remarked that it is of a very high order of merit; essentially modern, original, and iu the way in which tunefulness is combined with solemnity, aud effect with facility of execution, it is marvellously clever. Designed for Church use iu England the accompauinient is assigned wholly to the Organ, and the Soprauo part would be taken by boy's voices, aud that in very resonant buildings. Here alas! wiih reed organs fully a seinitoue higher iu pitch than the English pipe organs, buildings destitute of resonance, aud female trebles, au element of thinness is imported into the work for which the composer is not responsible, and a difficulty is created for which the composer is not responsible, aud a difficulty is created which he did not contemplate. Taking the work seriatim, the first number (in | time adagio in C sharp minor) is giveu to the tenor soloist who briefly introduces the subject of the Agony, (No 2, Audaute in E major) iu the garden of Gethseinane, iu wbiuh the Bass Soloist sings the Saviour's words, aud the chorus respond softly with the prayer "Jesu, Lord Jesu." ^An enharmonic modulation leads iuto the key of A flat and allegro tempo where the tenor Soloist resumes the uariative at the words "and they laid their hands ou Him." A series of rapid modulations introduces a brief solo representing the words of the High Priest; the Ba.-s replies with tho words of the Saviour, »ud theu the tenor resumes the uarrative coueluding with the words "aud the soldiers led Him away." No 3, iu A mioor, is at first an instrumental movement represeutiug the march to Calvary, which after a modulation into the major reverts to the origiual theme and key, and the voices of the chorus come in fortissimo "Fling wide the gates.' Gradually the loud voices hush and the Tenor Soloist comes iu with a theme that has been already heard in the instrumental march "How sweet is the grace of His Sacred Face." The chorus theu repeat a portion of the chorus "Fling wide the gates" aud the movement concludes. In No 4, a recitative, the Bass takes up the narrative, aud in a most impressive manner relates tho circumstances of the crucifixion. As the toncB of the organ symphony at its conclusion die away, the voices of 'Le choir (and congregation), unite in a stately chomle " Cross of Jesus, cross of sorrow (No. 5). At its conclusion, the Bass has a recitative of great beauty. (No. 6), "He made himself of no reputation," aud is followed immediately by the tenor with the aria. (No 7), " King evergloriouB." Space forbids anything like a detailed description of this, or »ny of the numbers, but it may be remarked that this is a fine piece of writing, and is worthy the study its difficulties demand. The recitative for the Bass No. S, " Aud as Moses lifted up the serpeut in the wilderness," aud the beautiful unaccompanied quartet " God so loved the world." (No 9) are movements more reminiscent of Sir John Staiuer's other work than is the most of this oratorio. Next, comes a fiue hymn tune, (No. 10) " Haly Jesu, by thy passion," which may be said to conclude the first part of the oratorio. What follows is of even more solemn character than what had gone before. Tbc words of the Saviour are those lyhicli he lettered from the oross—the SEVEN LAST WORM— and they at* no longer to be suug hy either of the soloists ; they are given by the chorus of ineu's voices iu unison or harmony as tho case may be. After tho First Word (No. 11) there is a duet for the two solo voiccs (No. 12). "So thon liftest ihy divine petition," an exquisitely pathelic ino'eineut, and tlin gem of tho oratorio. No 13 is uotlmi hymn very unlike its two prciecessors, but musically, very good. The incident of the two thieves follows (No. 14) mid is dramatically treated. No. IB is a hymn of adoration which, however, has nn particular eoiinection, musical or otherwise, with the context. The tenor then continues tho narrative No 16, aud lifter the Third Wml, he Ban rociteB the incident of the darkness Hingim; above the jioini of a cleverly inniiiiL'eil nocompaniineiit intro.'uein^ the Fourth Word. No. 17 is a recitative Is ii notliin • to yon" sung by the B:I-P, nod int....liieit,.,' N*-.. i$. a chorus in which tl.fi utmost i-< exacted trom the powers of the singula in the way of expression, but which when all in suid and done, cannot lie ranked with the most successful numbers of the work. Women wailiug for Tha.ninuK are nothing to it; doubtless it is thus composers show their skill, but it is very distressful. With No. J 9 the oratorio draws to its close ; the tenor soloist continues tho narrative, aud 'fter tho Fifth Word has be.Mi sung he goes oo to introduce the Sixth and Seventh, which are taken together and as ono ; and very beautifully set they are. Then without accompaniment, aud in the relative major of the key in which ho had begun the oratorio, ho ends it by siuging pianissimo " And he bowed his head aud gave up the ghost." The concluding hymn already criticised (No. 20) ends the work. The performance takes nearly an hour and a half, but the work is so judiciously plauued, and the subject is so interestingly presented that it seems much shorter. Books of the words will be placed throughout the church, so that the congregation can join in the hymns, for which purpose they will stand up; otherwise they can sit through the performance. 