GOLDEN LOVE. BY FRANCES FirZGIBBON. CHAPTER VI. I am rather afraid of horses, Mr. St. John, and Mies Athelstone doesn't know what fear is, She ia just as venturesome on horsnback as that mad boy there," said Mrs. Re id to the overseer pointing to Gerald Blake. They were standing on the verandah the next morning waiting for the horses to be brought down from the etables. The "mad boy"took off his hat andmade a low bow in acknowledgment of the compliment. It was a beautiful morning. The wind had changed to the south during "the night, making the air delioiouBly cool and fresh. Mrs. Ryid and the overseer walked to the gate as Maok oarne down from the etables leading two horses, one a splendid upatanding animal, as sleek and black as a crow, the othuc a handsome bay baok. ftt. John took the Black Prince's bridle, and the lad wont bank to the stable for Mr. Blake's horse. "Is tins Miss Atheletone'e favourite?" he asked, stroking its glossy block neck. "Yes," answered Mre. Keid. "But I wish she would transfer her favour to a less spirited animal." Miss Athelstone made berappearanceon the verandah, looking particularly well in a very becoming navy-blue riding habit. "I am sorry 1 am unable to come with you, Miss Athelstone, "Mr. Russell was saying as be walked beside her to tbe gate. " If it were not for those confounded well-sinkers" But she was thinking—"llow strange to see Aim at Wiuoola—his own' real self, stand ing there beside my horse. What a splendid talk we will have !" "Ready, Miss Athelstone?" exclaimed Gerald Blake, who was in high spirits,looking a regular burhinan in leggings aud spurs. " It's a grand morning for a gallop." "Now, Mr. Blake," began Mcs. Reid warm ingly. But he only laughed. x wisn x was going wiui you, siuu t Manager in a low voice, as he assisted Miss At help tone to mount, St John having stepped aside. Mrs. Reid moved to his side, aud said in a confidential tone— " Mr. St. John, may 1 risk you to see that Mr. Blake does not start galloping or jumping fences. I am always anxious when Miss Athelstone is out tiding with him. She is not strong. Indeed she fainted ooly the evening bofore last when she had been reading to the men. May I trust her to your care? I wisb she were not going out to-day. I feel so un reasonably nervous about her. I am glad you are go ng with them, Mr. St. John." " You may trust her to rue, Mrs. Rtud," sai l St. John in that deep voice of his, that i"omen instinotnoly trusted. lie had grown pale while Mrs. Keid bad been speaking, but as his eyes rested on the girl's bright face as she sar. so gracefully on her high Bteed, a glow of adinlra tion lighted up his grave dark face for a moment. Ho turned agaiu to the eldor lady— "Good-by, Mrs. Roid," ho paid, holding out his hand, " and do not be anxious about Miss Atuelstono. She will be perfectly Bafo with me." With that he lifted his hat and sprang into the saddle. *" Might we not just as well fcakottePien derry mail with us, as we are going out that way, Mm. Held? It will save them a journey in for it," Bsid Miss Athelstone as they were about to start. " Y«'P, if you will wait a moment I'll get iV'baid Mrs. Rsid, turning back towards the house. "The Pienderry people bring a oamel for their mail," she explained, turning to John, who had brought his horse alongside hers. " Have you ever seen them out your way V "I met an idiot boy with a viinel about a month ago ; but either be would cot or could uot tell me where he came from or was going to," he replied. "It is the same. Stand still. Prinoe "Your horse seems to bo in a hurry to start," htfsaid. "Yea, and ho shall go, too, presently, "sho replied. "You must nob go galloping," lie said gently. "I promised Mrs. Raid that I would take oaro of you." The colour name into her oheeks, and slio bent her head for a moment to examine the fastening of her glove. " You needn't wait, Miss Athelstone. I'll get the letters,"called out Gerald Blake. " I'll overtake you at the woolshsd gate," and added in a lower tone to Mrs. Keid, "It's only fair to give Gentleman Jack a show. ISh, Mrs. Reid So the two frionds started off at a brisk walk, overtaking the Manager on bis way to the woolshed. " Maok has gone to open the gate, Mr. RuBsell," said Miss AthelBtone, as they passed him. "I'm going to the shed,"he answerod, "so it won't be out of my way," and he walked ahead, evidently not in the best of spirits. They rode up to the gate, bub Miss Athelstone's horse instead of going through suddenly oame to a full Btop. It was so unexpected that she was almost thrown out of the saddle. A hasty exolamation esoaped from the Manager and was followed by another from St. John, as the Blaok Prince, laying baok his ears, sniffed the air suspiciously and backed deliberately into a wire fenoe. She gave him a out with the whip. "Go on, Prince," she said, settling herself more securely in the saddle, and the Manager was about to take hold of the bridle when the horse made a sudden spring and bounded forward through the gate, making straight for the brush-fence that enolosed the drafting-yards. The two other horses had also become reBtive and exoited—Mr. Blake's refusing to move a step forward in spite of the liberal application of the whip and spurs, and it took all St. John's attention and strength to hold in hiB animal. Mack ran and oaught the Blaok Prlnoe's bridle and led him back into the road. "Stand aside, Mack. I'll see if I oan't take someof the superfluous spirit out of him," she oried, her temper rising. Maokeprang aside, and only just in time, for the horse, ■ who was either thoroughly frightened or thoroughly out of temper, flung out hie fore feet, and to the horror of all who were watohing, tried to atand- on his hind lege, while his rider with white fooe and ner vous hands clung deiperately to the saddle. Lanoelot Russell sprang forward, but the mad animal , was rearing and plunging so violently that it was impossible to get any where near it, even for a moment. It seemed the most unacoountable thing— that the three horees should so suddenly and apparently without reason grow ao wild and unmanageable. Gerald Blako's horse had turned and galloped wildly back towards the house, and St. John's horse wasonly prevented from following by the determined will and great strength of its rider. Miss Athelstone now tried to turn her horse's head baok towards the stable, but tbo animal was quite beBide itself with fright. It would not go ou, it would not go baok. but kept flinging its feet about, shying, bueking, walking sideways with short, yet trotting paoes; all the while the girl bravely kept her Beat. Her- hands were out with the strain on the reins as tbo horse tossed its head, and every moment almost jerked them out of her hand. It trembled and neighed in a frightened wild way, and once more tried to throw off its rider by standing upright on its hind legs. "Good heavens 1 she'll be killed," cried the Manager, hie heart standing still at the eight. " Gold tight, Miss Athelstone, till I can find out what's the matter with the vicious brute," and with a brave effort he at last Bucoeeded in catching hold of the horse's bridle. But his hand had hardly closed round the Btrap when the animal suddenly springing back, flung ite hoofs into the air and reared up and stood almost perpendicularly, with widely distended nostrils and protruding eyes. Lancelot Russell uttered a wild inarticulate ory of horror, and cit. John shut hiseyos for one awful moment, expecting the horse to overbalanoe itself, fall backwards, nnd crush the girl under it. Gut the uoxs instant he opened them. There was no mangled heap in the dust—that that moment of darknerB had shown him—but a horse now on four feet-, now on two, galloping,stopping, rearing, plunging, galloping again this eirno many yards away from the dusty hoof- scrapc-d spot where ho bad vnougtit to have eenu her. ''Sly God!" she'll bi killed," be oried hoarsely, flinging hiui«elf from his own un manageable) horse, leaving it to stay there plunging or gallop away just as it chose. He ran with the energy of du^puir down the little hill after Black Prince, who was making for a belt of thick scrub about quarter of a mile from the wjoUhed. The irantio animal was nob getting muoh nearer to the eorub, for it was wasting its time and strength in going froui side to side, stopping, looking, galloping, stopping again for a pecmd to sniff | the air, when a tremor would run through its | whole body, then starting oil more frautio ! than before. 14 It's a cainol!" shouted the Manager. "Mick!' ho roared, turning round for a moment, "run and tell that fool of a boy to take that brute away," and be followed Gentleman Jack as fasb as he could cover tho ground. They expected at every plunge to see the Black Prince (ling his rider lo the ground, wbioh was etrewn with large stones, or to fall backwards on top of her. Tho way she olung to the saddle was simply miraculous, Her face was deadly white, her hat had fallen off, and her long, dark, wavy hair streamed about in the wind. When ho reaohed the spot j where the horso stood rearing and drawing it- | eelf together for another plunge, St. John, at | theimminent risk of hisown life, made a rush at its head, and succeeded in catching hold of the | strap of the bridle from the strap to the mane, I and from that to tho neck, to which he hung by 1 both arms. * This position of affairs could not last for moro than a minute or so, as the mad horso grew madder and more frightened, lifting St. John off his feet, and dragging him from side to side, It was a terrible sight, and cUobo who witnessed it never forgot it. 44Can you jump off?"' ho said in hoarse, hurried voice, gasping for breath. As she caught a glimpse of a faoe bu-iide the horse's head—an awful face—drawn and haggard and of a deadly nihen hup, with wide, rod-rimmed eyes, and adark head of wind-blown hair, she forgot> her own daugor in seeing his. 4> Oh, leb go ! let go !" she cried in an agony of terror. You'll get killed! You'll geb killed ! Oh, let go 1" ** Not till you're safe," came in dry, gasping croak as he clung to the horse's nook. Hardly had tho words escaped hie lips when man and horse came down with a frightful crash on to a clump of saltbu*h. At the same in tank the Manager Bprang to the epot, ana as they fel' dragged the girl off the saddle, and laid her fainting on the grass a few feet away. Then life to her was « perfeot blank. She know nothing, saw nothing, heard nothing. Mack and the Manager, with a oouple of the men who had been working in thewoolehed close by, removed with as little dunger as possible the now quiet home from off tho proetrateform of Arthur St. John. They laid him on a frame which one of the men had brought with him, and bore him gently and silently into tho woolehed. All this had oconrred not quarter of a mile from and within sight of the liou.e, and by the time that the men had iaid the frame on which St. John lay on a row of woolbales Mrs. Raid and the Manager were bending over Mies Athelstone, splashing cold water ill herfaoo, administering brandy, rubbing Iter hands, and in short trying all 11 anner of restoratives to bring back some sign of animation. " I don't think Bhe's hurt,"said Mr,Russell, bonding over her as he Eat on the grass with her head resting on bis arm, " I pulled her out of the saddle before she touched the ground. I think ehe is only etunned and ehalcen," end he tenderly put back a heavy wave of the dark hair that had blown across the white unooneoione faoe. "She must have had a fearful Bhaking," said Mrs. Reid, with a very anxious face, as she rubbed the limp white hands with a ner vous haste that told of a great anxiety. " If she'd only open her eyes," she said again in a piteouB tone. The Manager bent down, and with every term of endearment at his oommand entreated her to speak, to say whether she were hurt—only to open her eyes and say one word to him. Presently she opened her eyes, looked for a moment into the face bent over her, next at Mrs. Ueid, then eat up and oast a hasty glanoe all round. She evidently did not see what she expected, for there was no St. John, no horse, only Mack and a oouple of shearers standing shyly as a little distenoe. , She turned to the squatter's wife again, apd asked in a voioe that trembled with anxiety, "Where is he?" "Who, my dear? Mr. Blake? He is in the wool" "No! no! Mr. Si. John—Whore is he?" . . Mrs. Reid looked at the Manager, and the Manager looked at Mrs. Reid. " My dear girl, hadn't yon better lie still a little? You've have bad a terrible"^ Bat she sprang to her feet with a very white fooe. "Tell me where he ie. What has happened?" she demanded, turning exoitedly from the one to the other. The Manager frowned with surprised dis pleasure as he looked at the white anxious faoe, but remained silent. " My dear Mies Athel" began Mrs. Reid in a gentle soothing tone. But the girl interrupted with an impatient stamp, crying piteously, " Why oan't you tell me where he is? Has he gone to the house ? Ob, don't keep me in suspense. Ie he'hurt? Tell me, Mrs. Raid—oh, tell meand she laid two trembling hands on the lady's arm, and looked into her faoe with auoh passionately pleading eyes, that the Manager turned his head aside and brushed hie hand across his eyos, and the tears ran down Mrs. Raid's faoe as she answered gently, " Xhey have carried him into the woolshsd." " Carried him !" she oriod. "Then he is hurt ?" " My dear, I'm afraid so, but" She waited to hear no more, but gatheringup her trailing skirt she started off with a quick unsteady gait towards the large iron building ..which stood at a little distance. There were half-a-dozen or mere men ebaud ing round the door of the shed, talking In ex cited whiipera, dividing their attention between the girl ooming to them, the " boss" and the " missis" on each aide of her, and the still form oi the overseer lying just inside the door. | As the three approached the group one of them, a tali, old man stepped up to the Manager aud whispered Bometliing hurriedly in his ear, Mr. Russell turned and laid a hasty detaining hand on the girl's arm, saying in a law entreating voice, and with a very sad faoe, "For God's sake, Mias Athehtone, don't, go in there." She merely shook off the hand, and went Btraight on, taking no mora notice of the warning than of the wind. She passed between thegroupof staring men into the oool, shady uhed, and there in front of horBtretohed out on a frame lay the still form of Arthur St. John. His faoe was as the faoe of the dead, his head resting on a folded coat, and his hands lying limply betide him &b; they bad been placed. Round bim were grouped three or four inon, among whom was the tall, foxy Bhearer' Gerald Blake stood at hiB head, aud with a wee cloth wiped away the blood that alowlv nnv.ad fmm a aliolil. wnimd it, hio forehead. Sho did not ory out or faint, but stood per fectly still and silent a little way off. gazing as if fa-cinated at the eight, with one white hand holding up her trailing skirt. After etauding thus fur a few eoconds nha stepped up to Gerald Blake, and looking steadily into his f&oa;, said with startling calmness— "Is he dead?" A cold shiver ran through the lad's frame at the miners of her tone, but he answered promptly— '• No, Miss Athelstono." She turned suddenly upon the Manager, and asked in a voice that meant a good deal— " lias not anything been done for him ?" He was about to reply that their attention had been engaged with herself, when one of the men stepping forward said respectfully— "Yes, miss. We've tried every means at band to restore hint, but to no purpose." She looked at the tall, shaggy-l joking, ill made fellow who stood before her in his shirt sleeves, with but a passing interest; while bis shiftless, faded blue oyes'kopt wandering hesitatingly from the Manager's serious, gloomy onuntenanoe to Mrs. Reid's pale, troubled, anxious face, and from her to the girl who stood beside Gerald Blake like a beautiful statue, her long, dark hair streaming down over her shoulders. "I'to carefully sounded him, ma'am," the man was saying to Mrs. Reid, "and could find no broken bones." To MIsb Athelstone—"I think he's ouly Btunned and shaken, at least as far as 1 can make out." To thB Manager "It's a miracle he hadn't every bone in his body broken from tliB way that horse fell on him. If you'll allow me, ma'am, to suggest that I think he ought to be taken down to Government House and a doctor sent for." Tho man's voice was quiet and respectful, nt the same time full of confidence, and seemed to inspire the others with the power to act. Miss Athelstone stooped and gently removed the wot handkerchief that lay across St. John's cold forehead, but as the men, at a sign from the Manager, moved forward to take up the frame tn remove !• t. Johu she replaced it aud Gerald Blake drow her hand through hit arm and 9aid with brotherly kindness. "Coine up to the houso, Miss Athelstone. Tlr-y are going to move him now." She allowed herself to be led away, achiug in every limb, and her head almost splitting with pain. He had heard from Maok all about the myateriouB meeting in the summer-house, and it ndded to his manner a gentleness, and tenderness new to it, which was very soothing to the girl's nervous anxiety. " Mr. Blake, Mr. St. John and I are old friends," she said as they went towards the house, speaking in a hurried, nervous manner, so unlike herself. " I knew him years ago. I did not know he wasou the station till the day before yesterday, and he didn't know that I was either. So T am anxious to know. Oh, tell me if they think he will recover?" The lad's heart was full of tenderness and pity, and his eyes full of teare as he laid his hand over the one which reeted on his arm, saying fervently— " I don't know. Miss Athelstone, but I hope to God he will! If it were possible," he added after a moment, "I would give all I gob in this world to ohangb plaoeB with him." She gave his hand a warm pressure. " You are very good," she murmured, bub her heart was very heavy with fear, and dread, and anxiety. When she reached her room she threw her self on her knees beside the bed, and with aohing heart and streaming eyes prayed that the "author and giver" of all things would spare his life, that Ho would bring him back to health and strength, she would ask no more—only to spare him—to let bim gob well. She rose, little oomforted by that passionate pleading for her own heart's desire. It was not" Thy will, but my will." She took off the tarn and dusty riding habit, washed her face and hands, fastened up her hair, and put on a white dress. All the while she was consoione that they were bringing him in. She oould hear the quick trampling of many feet up and down the passage, in and out the different rooms, till Mrs. Jarviswibh inquisitive eyes came to her door and asked if she could do anything for her. " No, thank you," she answered. " I am all right. Have they brought Mr. St. John in yet ?" she forced herself to ask. *• Yes, and they've got 'im in bed in the spare room," Mrs. Jarvis answered. " Won't you. 'aveacupof tea, Miea Athelstone ? ■ i You're lonkin' jisb like a ghost." , : She shook her bead and with beating heart made her way to the spare .room. .Tho.door was opeu, and she stood a moment on the threshold, find looked in. . Mr*. Rtid and the tall shearer, whoseshiri-v sleeves were bow hidden by a brown tweed coat, stood on one side of the little white bed, the Manager and Gerald Blake on the otheiv All four were engrossed in watohing thesbiU and apparently lifeless figure of the overseer as he lay there under the gaze of four pain of * eyes, as utterly nnoonsoious of it as ol the hidden emotions that moved the 'hearts pt those fonr watohers. Mies Athelstone oame into the room. They all looked up as she oame towards the bed. " And how do you feel now, dear!" asked < Mrs. Reid,routing round to her. " I don't think I feel at all," shesaid. The Manager laid a kindly hand on her shoulder. "Don't you think you had better go and lie down awhile? You are not fit to be about." - She shook her head, and going to the eide of the bed, Gerald Blake haying moved aeidlp to make room for her, she fastened her eyea on the oorpaelike faoe that seemed as though it would never relax into life again. Her faoe grew white, end her hands oame noiselessly together in a tight clasp that told something of-the inward emotion she strove to conoeal. Lauoelot Russell's eyes never left her face. " If you will allow me, ma'am," said the shearer-dootor, " to say I know something of surgery, I studied medioine for six years." ."Are you a dootor?" she asked. It was perpapj a strange question to ask a man who had oome out of a shearing-shed,but there was something about the man that at onoe marked him out as being something better than a shearer. Ho epoke good hinglieh, and though the observation that he knew a little about medioine was modestly made his hearers saw plainly that there was something mpre behind it, and from the businesslike way he bad handled bis patient after he had been laid on " the bed convinced the Manager that he was no novioe at the work'. To Mrs. Read's pointed question he replieda " Well, madam, I was a doctor once, but a— I was unfortunate," he added in a ehamefaoed way;-. "Jo practice?" she enquired a (rain. "I took my degree at the Melbourne Uni versity," be replied, "and praotised in that city for eight years. But aa I hare already said—I—a—was unfortunate " Mrs. Raid nodded, as if to aay she under stood the cause of bis misfortunes. 'Then will you please to tell us at onoewhat is the matter with Mr. at. John?" she said somewhat deoidedly, for the new doctor showed an inclination to unfold a little mora of bis unfortunate history. " Well, madam"—and the tone had now a distinctly profeseional ring in it—"if you'll allow me to say it, it's my opinion that the patient's heart is affeoted," and he glanoed aoross at Mies Athelstono with a deprecatory air. " Do you think he will recover ?" she asked again. "I oannot eay just now," he said, looking at Miss AtheUtone, for her eyes had asked the question as plainly and more pathetically than the elder lady's vo:ce had. " 1 will be able to let you know wben he bae recovered con sciousness, which i think he will soon. I should say that the young gentleman is m viotim to heart disease," lie added seriously. There was silence for a while, and the five watohers gazed thoughtfully on the immovable face on the pillow. Gerald Blake moved eoitly to the other side of the room and brought a chair across to where Miss Athulstone was standing, growing whiter and whiter. Ho put her gently into it, and after a few moments left the room, and the Manager followed. At length the heavy eyelids of the sufferer moved. A change of colour passed over the death-liiied-faco Tbe strange doctor held up a warning hand. The eyes opened and travelled slowly round and round, as if vaguely eearohiug for something. Grace Athelsoone stood up and bent over the bed. The wandering eyes rested on ber faoe for a moment, and thon wearily closed. They opened again after a few minutes, and rested on the girl's face, but the mute pleading look in thera was more than she could bear, and covering ber face with ber hands she leaned her head against the bed post. Dr. King—to givo him tbe professional name he was entitled to—made a sign to Mrs. Raid to follow him, and they left the room. He looked very serious as he softly olosed the door behind him, and turning to ber as thev stood for a moment in t-lio wide oool hall he said— " If yon will allow me, madam, to enquire, without thinking me inquisitive, if the young lady is—a—any relation to Gentleman—to the overseer : "Excuse me fur interrupting,"said Gerald Blake, coming out of a door on the opposite eideof the hall. "Mrs. Reid, will you please come in here a moment, and you too, dootor." They all entered the little sitting-room, where the Manager was standing in the window with his back to them. He did not turn round as they entered. "I dare say you will be surprised, Mrs. Held to hoar what I've just been telling Mr. Russell," eaid the young man hurriedly, "that Miss Athelstone and Mr. St. John are old friends." Mrs. Reid gave a little gasp of astonish ment. "She did not know that he was on the station, having nevor beard liiin oalled by his proper name, and be did not know of her boing here till the evening before last, when he came down to the men's reading, and they saw eaoh other for the first time." "That was the cause of" she suddenly stopped and looked aeross at hor nephew as he stood looking out of the window, hisbauk still towards them. "Who told you, Mr. Blake," she asked in stead. " Mies Athelstone herself told me aB we oame down from the shed just now." There was a pauea. Eaoh was conscious of the other's thoughts, excepB perhaps the dootor, and he probably had his private opinion of the state of affairs. He stood irresolute for a minute or two, then said—"Why, I asked if the young lady were a relation to Mr. St. John'that—a— er—if he has any relations they'd better be in formed." "Oh, dootor, you surely don't mean thab he is going to die?" exolaimed Mrs. Reid. " I'm afraid, madam, that he will never rise from that bed till he's oarried off it." " Is not there the least hope ?" she asked. "It is impossible that heoan live," was the reply given, sadly enough. "Oh, dear! oh, dear! How dreadful! Who could have thought that this would have happened when they started away, so-so—it'a all so unexpected. Poor Miss Athelstone! Only fancy—killed! But, doctor, you said, ' There were no bones broken,' What is it that" " It's his heart, madam. With a heart in the state his is in, the least shook of excitement or eurprie™, good or bad, or any undue exertion would carry him off with very short ootioe." • Mrs. Reid eat down, and put her handker chief to her eves. It was all so .dreadfully sad ! " Wiio is to tell Mlbs Athelstone?" she said helplessly. " He will probably tellber himself," madam,"' Baidthedootor. "He must be awareof (he state of bis health." " Whai had we better do ?" she said appeal- j ingiy to her .nephew, who still stood gazing _ drearily put into the glaring sunshine. " What had we better do, Lanoet" "Do! Findcut where his people are, if he has any, and Bend them word of him," he replied, turning half round and spoaking over ; his shoulder. "If it would be any satiefaotlon to you, madam, to send for another dootor—but no— it would be no use. It will be ail over before any one could get here even from the Port, let alone from town." "How long do you think he will live?" asked the Manager abruptly, turning round and faoing his em ploy b. " Well, air, he may live till this time to morrow." - "And can nothing be done for him?" "Absolutely nothing, sir. The poor heart has just worn itself out- If yon will allow me, ; madam, I'll come down in a oouple of hours' time and have another look at hiin, though I cannot do him any good. And—oh, er—if he Wishes the young lady to—a—stay beside him ; —humour him. And whatever happens don't 1st him be disturbed. Good morning, madam," and be bowed himself out. " Blake," eaid the Manager, turning to the ring-neck, " you had bettor get a horse, and ride to Fienderry as fast as you oan. They will give you a fresh horse to go on to the Fort, and wire for St. John's friends, if we can find out where they are. I suppose it'sno use to send for a dootor ?" he added turning to Mrs. Reid. "I don't know. If that man is to be relied .on, it would be no use. But in case—in case Mr. St. John lives for a oouple of days, it would be a satisfaction to have ^doctor here. I think I'll go and try it I oannot find out something more of this strange affair from Mies Atbelstone." 