SIR GILES'S COFFIN Mainttined with conSdence was a belicf ia the existence of the ghost of the" Bad Sir Giles," whose alleged characteristics were well calculated to excite the terror which they actually produced If the neigh borhcto of Pen Owen. In the malignity of his supposed qualities and habits the ghoes in question surpassed all other members of his race. It val averred that he asually made his appearance in the form of a quad raped, or, at any rate, that his normal posi tion was on all ioss. This much was uetab Iished a a fact-that Sir Gilue's body had been found hanging ia an old summer homae, still visible when I was a child, with every appearance of death by slcide, and that his coffin, still throuded if the pall ore ginally covering it, lay alone on the grousd in the centre of the extensive vault where members of the Pen Owen family had been deposited for generations. The old clock which stood in the kitchen at the Pan Owes Arms announced to the villagers a?sembled there one Christmas Eve that it was 10 o'clock, enforcing the statement with an emphasis and deltberation that admitted of no contenttcn. Of tthe r fact that the night was wet ..d dark and windy the guos's could satisfy themselves by a glanes at the hltticed window. There was obhiously no desire cn the part of the inmates to sub etitate tka dulknes and cold of the outer world for the warmth and brightnass of the comforshbel in. Booner or later, however, the change must be effected, and David Thomas, the merry, ruddy-faced groom from the rectory, took the initiatIve. * Well, gentlemen," he exclaimed, "I mus b? ef. So good.night, and, Jom Atkins, take care Sir Giles's gacst doesn't get hold of you st last. He' safe to be about on a night Ifke this." ":r Gills be blowed I' retrned Jem Atkise. the village smith, clenching his massive fist; "I should like to see him come within reach of my arm." Jem prided himiseI on being a profound sceptic in all matters temporal and spil tal. "Why, Jam, you know you always go the long way home in:sead of ctting across the churchird and past the door of the vault," .noter Iegh greeted this renewed attack on Jsm Atkin, who was ything but a general fvorite. "Whoever told you that, young man, told you li. Do Ilook like belngafraidof a ghast 1" An irritating laugh was the only reply, "Well, I'll tell you whit I'll do," ex claimed the blackasmth, angrily. "I'll bet yon half-a-crown I go into the vaualt by myself to-night, and, what's more, I'll sit a bit on the old gentleman's ccffin and smoke a pip, if yon like, there; that is, f Mor gan here will let me ;o in." The answer to this challenge was the Im mediate efer by o'd Morgan, the sexton, of the msaive key which opened the door of the vault." 'Wait a minute," objected Jim's tor mentor. ' If you go atone, who's to know what game you mayn't be up tot Why, ooe might just go out into the road, come back in te minutes, and never go near the churchyard at alL" The justice of Thoms's suggestion was generally recogunte. It was flually arraged that the proposrr cf the hat ahould establsh his elaim to the msake by hammering two or three nails into the baronet's coffin, a fiat which would eere as a proft on the following morning that he hlad cecmplished his proposed per fot.mnce. In a short time the blacksmith had tuned his back on the charfal light which shone from the window of the al . house, and was proceeding on his hazirdous read. It was less than ten minutes' walk from the Pean Owen Arms to the churcb, but before the expiration of thi brief interval Jem Atkian had repented his engagement, which, but for very shame, he would now wiiingly have abandoned, even at the iscri fice of his half-crown. No wonder, thea, ft-at be started with terror, and that his h-art teat loud and last, when same large saimal br?ahed against him at the very gate of the churchyard. It was only the retriever which habitually acoompanied our game keeper, Jack Bawlings, on his nightly rounds but its contact sncceeded in com pletely shattering the nerves of the black smith. Tae wind now howled uad shrieked among the branches of the churchyard elms and heavyrain drope patterd londly againat the laterns, which scarcely served to guide Tim Atkins's steps along the winding path to the door of the vault. The acldent key appeared to atter a note of warning when he taured it in the rusty lock, and the gust of wind admitted by the opeaing door semed, as it swept around the silent cham baer, to eurry to its occpants an anuounce ment of the rash visitor's prassace. Bt. even in this supreme moment, Jim Atkins bethought him of the dangers other than those connected with the unseen world. He was aware that the vault door, which closed inaard, shit with a spring. Ooarequently, it he left the key oatide, one touch of an anfrinsdly heand, or eve one gut of wind, might conedga him to a night-long imprison ment. The intrader's hand shook as hs placed the key in the inside keyhole of the dear, and proceeded to hang up the lantern on its projecting handle. Either Jem's eye was decivdl by the uccertain light or his trembling hand was anequal to the attemp -for, a few momsant after he had quitted his hold of the lantern, it slipped from its support sad lay with broken framework san extingnished light on the floor of the charnel-hoa e I In vivid contast to the gloom sad silesse of the vault were the bright light and marry c?Ivemsa ion as the Pen Owen Arms. Jim's mission-to him the cause of so much appre hension and terror-formed a subject ol the utmost hilarity for the companions whom he had left bthinu. As the time of his ex. pected retaun approached the merriment abated, and it was almost amidst silence ia theinn parlor that a heavy tread was heard Ia another moment Jem dashed into the room, slammd the door behind him, and, with a look of agoniud terror in its direc tii, t?oodwith his back to the wall trem bling in every tlmfab; his eyes glared wildly, s?d the aweat broke on his forehead. No thing was audible oeatiie, except the faint mnrmur of the now deiarting atorm, end Jem took ou?age It was even with some assmption of hils ulal manuer that he an nonc d that he had won the wager, and demamnded the money. But it was plain that Jem wee ?fdning from the sfflct of som sarlr?s alar?, nd when he moved forwa:rd fromn thu wall it was obrio:s that he had been the vfcntimof avillt siiault from the restar. The ample shits of his coat were dis covered to he torn and ottereud as if by the eOlawo or fag' of sme savage beait. I fact, they ofered to siew sech scores md mark, as might repruasent the res.ltl of an on slaught by the Ipectrol Sir Gles. By degrees he gave the result of his e-priecess to the following efict. The sedden xtinction of the Ilt:ern, he said, had resllltet in a coniiticn ct atsolute Idark-es. Under the impelse of the terro: ccussion by his alarming eitsatlo:, Jrm hra made usvral rain, frantic eeorts to escapt frem these dismal snurrou?digs. At laot tte doughty blacksmit sta,-rpered and fell heavtly upol l1: Gilcs's c;oit, REcoraing his preeencl of mind by a suprme efifrt he, with trmb:ing hands, hammered the r<qulste number of nails into the cofin on which he wa laid, On rising aftar the com p4ek of his task, he bad ouad himself dragged backwaM by some iavisible asail cot, who had attacked him from the poiat of vantage which the wicked baronet was alleged to affect. By a frantic effort he had shakea himself free from the assailant, who clung with pertinacity to his skirts, had reached the seit from his ghastly prison house, had slammed the massive door in the face of his fancied pouraer, and tad pre anted himself at the Pen Owen Arms it the state of abject panic already described. A careful examinatios, 0owever, of the scaun of Jem Atkins's terror corraborated the truth of his narrative, and at the same time demonstoates the n.ture of his myste ifons assailant. It was plain that, in his confu?fon and terror, the one begotten by his love, the cther by his dread of spirits, the blacksmith had nailed his own coat-talk to Sir G. es's coffin. 