CENTENARY-HALL MIDDAY MEETINGS. ADDRESS BY THE PRIMATE. Tlie first of the midday meetings at tuf Centenary-hall during the present yeat was held yesterday, the president of the (Mr. R. Valluck) presiding. After the customary praise exercises, an address was delivered by the Primate. Dr. Saumarez Smith based his re marks on the last verse of the 40th chapter of Isaiah— "They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strongth; they sha mount up with wlugs as eagles; they shal run and not bo weary; they shall walk and not faint." In speaking to the subject, the Bishop said there was nothing they all felt more in need of, in whatever way they looked at them- solvos or their circumstances, more than comfort from God. That could cover all their needs and necessities, and all their sense of feebleness and disappointment aud weariness, and that was the message given by tho prophet Isaiah. It was also the message given by the Apostle Paul, with the further light that fell upon it from tlio cross of Christ, in the Stli chapter of Ro mans. Both chapters lifted the Christiau up from a senso of weariness to a sense ot rest in God; they lifted him up from a sense of depression because of his weak ness and his circumstances, to a sense ol delight in his Heavenly Father, his Crea tor, and his Redeemer. The Bishop then reminded his hearers that all their creed were one — ono which rested upon theii Heavenly Father rovealed in Christ Jesus, whoso love was shed abroad in their hearts by the Holy Ghost — and it was here that they felt tho deeper meaning of all sucli passages as this. Tho inoro literal trans lation of the first part of the text was, "They that wait for the Lord make changes of strength," and tills showed the need of continually waiting upon Iliin; not merely spasmodically, but continually and patient ly, and then receiving strength for strength. They should wait upon Him with constant, humility, with constant pruyutiuluoss. The self-complacent man might plume himsoli for a little time, but at last he would be tested, and then ho would fall. Self-cotn- plaeoncy was weakness; humility was strongth; and if tliey waited patiently upon the Lord, they had power from Him con stantly renewed. Tho address was listened to by a fairly largo congregation. Mr. II. H. Johnston, tho Administrator of Nyassoland, says tho Britlsli Empire is not merely the heritage of 38;(J(io,pOb, of pink and white Englishmen, but a league of peace and commerce in v/hicli black and yollow men are concerned. In this view wo must not disparage new possessions, he- cause they might not bo suitable for the people of Essex if they aro adapted to tho black and yellow races of the Empire. 