PEOPLE SAT — _. That Schcy can heap bis hair on, And "acud not; bo co heady, No longer \7iI1 bo ?-jl:iro 01* . Tho place and pay of 12cMy. ' For liildy is not ii\uiy To tnlio Ills biliet, " Not p*iv enough" eo said ho, "I must decline to fill it." That tbe ghost is waiting for warmer vresther to e.how himself again. That when .Tack Wunt collars ihe Council it bscfia down a bit. That at Aberdeen they play football with their teeth. That the Scoco JlJeacate thinks iho public is :ui ass. It ought to Iciiotv. That l'.irkes is at present on no side —politically. lie is on hi.s back. That the new federal party would not crowd a four-seated buggy. That Sir Salmon Wilson is dead. He was distinguished for his money. That Count I'errara is dead. So, unfortunately, is JXordeufeldt. That a horse iu tried to get into an hotel bar. Horses in some things are very liUo mon. That Uopeland, M.1 , ., is becoming seriouti. liut he was never more jocular than a hearse. That the proposed Jerildeiie io Borrigau railway begins nowhere and ends in tbe same plaee. That one result of protection in Victoria is unlimited "sweating" iu the tailoring trade. That a. uciv Parliamentary party lias been formed. It in the "Let things be" partv, with Lyno as leader. That Griffith?, 31.PV, row with Minister Young was ali about a punt. A storm in .1 teacup. That £10,000 worth of Melbourne has been sold at auction. This inu.4 have left very little more for disposal. That the 'Legislative Council is as jnuch opposed to reform as is the Saltan or Turkey. That, according to the Xing of Italy, Kurope breathes peace. Al.-o a. good deal of Europe breathes garlic. That the Duke of Portland is pleased with Carbine, lint what we want to know is how Cartmie likes the Duke. That, if wo have any shillings to spare, Giffen, not Grace, ought to get them. That the Quirindi GuzetU: thinks Iteid resembles Xapoleon. Without an eyeglass, of course. That " Toby" Barton will uliimatuly bo the leader of the protectionist party. That the Tnverell people will not read books or newspapers. Con sidering local circumstances, we are not surprised at the latter fact. That Muswellbrook's (Humph over the Government consists in gutting a letter-bos at the railway station. A glorious victory ! That Gillies, -\r.l?., describe* him self as an independent freetrader. In other word?, ready to vote protection when the cat jumps that way. That Griliiihs will bo aii ex-M.P. next general election. He has not the ghost of a show- against ex-M.P. Jointly 3[elville. That Jlosebery and Reid are con fronted by the s.~.aie difficulty. An ITpper llou.-te that ueiies the repre sentatives of ihe ucoolc. That Dibbs says Parker's following oa the censure motion was not up t>> sample, and !ie v. ill not deal with Sir Henry any m re. That iTarneli, 31. P., lias bee:i appointed su Inspector of Fisheries. Quite appropriate. As Government whip ho is :i tishtr oi men. That they svro <juarrel!ing in Victoria as to where .Lord Brassey should land. If we could only get a Governor, he might land at Barrenjuey if ho liked. That they cannot see much difference between furtune-teliiug by cards and palmistry and performances of the 3lrs 3lel'ou class. That See, 31.P., has got off the same protectionist speech live times this session. Oh, ior a freetrade battle aie ! That t'r.o density of the population of Sydney is i(>(i. That accounts for the style of wr:li:;g in the metropolitan press. That the (Juecn or Italy has a collection of old hoofs. I£eeen!lv she found that th?:-a of Pavkos and i>;i>bs had not mixed. That they are , thinking of ac climatising the Australian rabbit i:i Caua-.ia. It is not si? groat a pest as the Australian politician. That Wiugeu Abbott is throwing out a few suggestions. Throwing theni out by the column, and causing readers to throw up. That, according to the Chronicle, Muswellbrook has beaten the Govern ment. TTnfortunalely, the Government does not seem to be aware of the fact. That the jluswe!lb:-ook JR<y infer has given up the light with the Chronicle, and has become polite and uninteresting. That Si:e, M.P., duuJ.'a if a news paper is an educational medium. It must he admitted that, if See reads newspapers, he does not benefit much from his res- ling. That the Chinese in Sydney have subscribed to buy a piano for tiie hospital. Yet, there are persons who would porsuade us that the Chinese are humane. That Copeland thinks a frcclrade tariit will increase the number of suicides. There are a gooJ many protectionists, certainly, whom we could sparo without inconvenience. That Mra Dean thinks falling iu love is bad for the constitution. Well, if Deuu had not fallen in love, it would certainly have been better for his constitution. * That the Governoraud Comrnauuer in-Chief of the Virgin Islands is paid J£;JOO a-year. It dots not seem much for bossing what we ?Hj>nos3 :3 a kind of coaiic oocra- chorus. That the Duke of Argyll thinks poverty arises from iiicrc.iKe of population due fo reckless breeding. Tho Duke has only 12 children him self,- and is about to marry a third ?wife. 