^MARGARET'SMISSION. iter Siofflanee tolBim. ? i : É nf- -jTTie ÏVrriBrs tiad bèen up fur two tiighte, in great anxiety of mind, for tbej knew the gentle spirit of their islanders too .urell to hope for any great thing in the tray of defense and resistance, should the fierce new-comers make any attack npon them. Now, however, not knowing of its discovery of the spirits, and deeming the danger past, they bad-gone peacefully to sleep, ^nd bad recommended Paul to do the çame. But he, unused to the life, and still, perhaps nèrVoas from the effects of his late illness, remained awake for the graater portion of the night, and had only jast fallen into a dose when he was . aroused by. $ yppdrCnrdJing.-ciy, and jm -alarming clsstfof wond and steel. He etaried up to find his room bright and the sky resd with the glare of fire. The •iliage was in flames, and a body of armed natives was breaking into the clergyman's bungalow. A desperate resistance followed. Paal and Mr Ferrier fonght side by side for the safety of the woman and child whose lires W8B so precious to both of them. Margaret was not~bëbînd them in courage and constancy. For her child's sate she, to®, helped in repelling the attack." Thé possession of the firearms gave them an advantage of which they m era forced to make use ; and at'lastthey bad tbe satisfaction of seeing tbe invaders retire discomfited, The lights in the village died out, and shouts and cries BabBided into silence, and as the morning broke in its unwonted splendour the two Englishmen looked into each other's faces and knew that they had won the victory indeed, but that it had been hardly won. Andrew Ferrier held out a hand that trembled a little to grasp that of Paul Aahford. ' Thank you, Ashford,' he gaid simply. ' You have helped me to save my wifp and child.' Then, in a lower tone, ' you mil have to help them still more, I think.' He put his hand to hiB side, and then Paul saw for the fint time, that he had baen wounded by an arrow. 'It was poisoned,' said Mr Ferrier, •ery quietly. ' There is no hope for me ; but I shall last for a day or two, Ashford, and be able to put things in order. .After that, yen must take care of Margaret and the child.' Paul stammered out some incoherent iroras of compassion and regret. At that moment he felt nothing but liking and respect for the brave man at whoBe side he had been fighting. When he eaid something about Mrs Ferrier the husband «miled. '* She knows,' he said. * She lias gone away to make my room ready for me— the room where I shall lie down and die. There is nothing to bo done, Ashford, fihe knows that as well as I do. The poison with which the natives' errows are tipped is always very deadly. God bless you, my dear fellow. You will look after them"when I am gone.' Paul helped him into his room, where he soon lapsed into stupor and delirium. Margaret was perfectly calm ; pale, indeed, but resigned, with that beautiful rejignation which seemed to bo her distinguishing quality. When the sun had bad tally risen Ashford ventured ont of the compound, and reconnoitred the enemy. Ihey were hurriedly departing in their canoes, having found the fire- arms of the white men too alarming to be encountered any longer. Bnt the bavoc which they bad wrought was very evident, Most of {fie hats of the village were destroyed, and many of tbe men were dead, and some of the women and children had been carried away. A mere handful of the villagers were left behind, end they filled the air with their wailing over the dead. What had been a scene of beauty and joy had been tarned into desolation. Paul had but sorry news to carry back to the dying pastor and hi* wife. There followed a few days to which Paul Ashford co»ld never look back without a shudder. Andrew Ferritr suffered greatly, and it was maddening to a roan like Ashford, accustomed to tlie command of every resource of science and art, to eee his agonies and to know that they could be alleviated ; and that—worst of all-—he himself could do nothing to alleviate tbem. He en tirely lost his old feeling of jealousy and contempt for the man who had won Margaret away from him. And his feeling for Margaret herself was transformed into a spiritualised kind of reverence which he had never felt for any othar woman since his mother had died. Her anxiety, lier love, her grief, set her apart from him aa if SHBÏOO were dead and a saint in the Heaven of God. Andrew Ferrier died in a week, and was buried in the little Giirjjtian graveyard, where so.- msny jiew/graves had been dog since the riMtationxif the fierce and savage tribe froni;:tbe neighbouring island. .. .. Comparatively few; péfsbhs were left, and it was not long-:béfoïfi n pestilence swept over t)i8 place taijl attacked the greater number of thaBe iviju remained. There could not De : a more complete change than that whiçh iodfe^place in the ialand -daring those le'w weeks. Before Easter it was aGncist IdepopnlAted. Scarcely" a dozen families vrarç left, afld these removed tharlhrits to, the very ehadovy of the parBonage,_.go that .they lived Sose to ^^toïm^thèr,'as Margaret was universally called, and close to Paul Aahford, whom they looked on as a tower of strength. ~ . Then great storms gathered and swept the seas against the barrier reef, until the eaff eoaoded like, tbonder, and the wim Jed howled over fte island "like a pres. ig^jof doom. ¥ Margaret, looking ( ïdt to sea, ^aid calmly, •-* No vessel will Cù^tbô this -. /v - She îjras veiy.jpjale, v«rjr.quiet, iu these -day* oli e ^ ^ ^ ^oing jsbojit amongst tbe poo»' C^jàtHlrit'h gtfillo words of hope 8rifl ^feiM^flfdij^jfe ier household dufie. fcM&H;ûgier little girl, just as she bad 'daoe when .bpz 7 {uub&d; was alive. Tier& « loot in her face sqmetineB ^ rpf^^^fta.liadJoBtJoiaiiething which b1 ** «wid«ot find 5 twt she dil oafc ^eati^tfcô^Miind'ârei.ï'anV who watfched t«ixieasly^ epuîd not ai «cover îrhat w&è W feeing reject to her l^Bband'£ de*tb. He did pot greatly iflieVe in h* * bim, sod yet he obnld not bO* ^ eb« waa eorrowfn| And so t-tw jear want by. ~~ It waâchùstmaa-Dai* pn tjbe island; There Irere no formal ^wrifle» in this little haS-rnined cfcnrcfc that the clergymtâ wàs deàd-Wl^Nt *nd ber little|&ock; still met there âsd kçeli together2mm £Êbe"to time, while Paal, mnçh abasjSefliby bis new position, read prayers arid lessons wi'h rather nervons rapidity. ..Wh^n. he reflected npon his si tij a'ti on 5 acknowledged to himself that i)t coold^not^well be odder. The litlapflers had jiibeëpU'd him as their natural chief ana world ; they consulted him on all niatter8,~iigTical tarai, military, and religions: lie who had been too languid to decicta any/qtjftstiop for himself, had now to decide 'half a dozen in the day for the little corauunity growing np around him. Marjjaret sometimes Jooked at him with aîjïlf startled interest. His way of looking àt things was larger jjid keener, ehe vagaely,-felt, than her husband's way; and she had an occasional glimpse of worlds of thought and- feeling; which she had never realised. Perhaps she sometimes felt as if, in her -recoil irom mere' frivolity, 1 ebe iiad run away from a great deal that was well worth knowing and seeing in the world which she had left. But it was Christmas Day, and she put such thoughts away from her. She went with her little daughter to lay a cross of flowers on Andrew Ferrier's grave ; and it was while she sat beside it, looking tenderly though tearlesely at the flower- covered mound, that Paul Ashford leaped the wall of the churchyard and came towards her with word s which startled her exceedingly. ' There is a ship in sight/ he said. •We have signalled it, and it incoming. An English ship—pethaps ïhe Anrcra herself.' • On Christmas Day i' said Margaret, dreamily. She rose, but locked still at the grave at her feet. 4 We have been expecting it so long," eaid Paul, trying to subdue the excitement which he felt, ' that it seems strange at last.' ' Very strange. You say it is coming —actually coming ?' ' It will not fee here for a couple of hoars, I think' ^id Paul. ' Bat we shall do well to be ready.' She shot s quick glance at him. ' Ready,' she said, ' for wb&t; ?' It seemed to her as if she were abont to make a vehement answer, but suddenly restrained herself. 'Maidie,' he said. ' run up to the house and gather some flowers, will you not ? I want to speak to year mother. I must speak to you,' he added, in a lower tone, ' forgive rae for sending her away. Will you walk a little way with me 7 There is something that most be said before that ship arrives.' She glanced at her husband's grave as if sbe thought that it formed a protection for her weakness, and that Paul wished to drag her away from it. Perhaps he did. Perhaps he felt that what he was about to say could not well be uttered at Andrew Ferrier's grave. They walked across a stretch of smooth sward, dotted by flowering trees, that bordered the churchyard ; and when they came in sight of the wide blue sea, flecked only by the hull and funnel of the rapidly nearing ship—a blot of darkness on the brilliantly glancing waves—Paul Ashford spoke. • Foigive my haste,' he said, gently, 4 but have yon thought of what the arrival of this English steamer may mean to you V ' Yes,' she said gently. * It means that you will go away, and that I and Maidie will be left here alone.' •Heaven fcrbid f he broke forth, in indignant expostulation. * How can yon imagine such a thing ! Leave yon here alone !' ' ' Yes, of course. You will go to Sydney, or to England, or wherever the vessel may be bonnd for, and as fsoon as possible you will get another missionary to come oat to these poor people.- My husband left them in trust to me, and I shall not leave them nntil I see them handed over to some one else's «are. Then I shall be free-to take Maidie home, even'—with a little hesitation— • even if I cone back afterwards.' ' You would like to come back ? he saic. ' Ah, yes, I should indeed. My poor people here—there is no one like them. I shall never love any place as I love the island.' ' I love it too,' said Paul, not very steadily : * and I should like to make it possible for you to look npon it as your home: I could do it if you would let me. Margaret, will you let me speak ?' ' I do not knew what yon mean, Paul,' sbe answered, ' but t am ' sure that you will not say what it would be painful for me to bear.' 'It need not be painfal,^ he said* earnestly. * For whether yon say yes or no to my plan, -shall be sure that you are wise and right. Only do not be offended by what I am going to say. I have no motive but my respect and regard for you and for your happiness, which is dearer to me than my own. May I go on ?' She hesitated, with a deepening color in her cheek. Then she said-— ' Yes, go on V • I am a rich man, Margaret, as yon know. I have no near relations Jiving —no one who has the ghost of-a claim on me. I have scarcely known what a hema and happiness meant until within tbe last few months. I believe that it would be perfectly easy for me to become the master, the virtual owner of this liftle island, if I chose ; at any rate of greater prrrtron mf it. Ï abound like to settle here j build a bouse, re- build tbe cburch, defend and assist these island-people—make a settlement, in fact, which might become a pattern and example to ot^r Epglish^okiniBts'in this part of the world. What -would yon think of thie, .Margaret?' 'It seems a>beaatifal idea,' she said. ' Does it eeein so to you ? But I could not do it without your help, Margaret. The thing would be feasible only if yon would stay.' (To be continued.V 