V THE LTTTLEBOROUGII' BACHELORS' BALL, j No, Frank," snid Jim Vfickham, 111 mplr to bis oomponn n's quest Inn, " wo have nut hail m Baehelnra' Ball ia Littleborough for t-liu last three years." Captain Cargenvrn elevated his fret carefully on to tho mantel-mere nnil.tilicil hank hla iilinir. His host watched him norvmi.ly, being con cerned for the peril of tho Crown Ilerby toa- . cups. I " I don't think 1 shall break anything',' mur- 1 mured Cnrgcnveii, content, dly : " 1 Iif.vq only got s'ippus on. It in awfully good of you to put mo up for the night ut Mich short notice. Do you mind moving that phntograiil, -frame - tho ono in oxidised silver, I mean ? I truublo you in tho inter, st of tho article its' If. Thank ' you. Now, if your mautclboaril is ivlli.bh-, as it ought to bv,I shull be thoroughly comfortable iu body and mind." Wickhara seemed to bo used to his visitor's ways, and conscious t hut remonstrance was use- . lu.-s. . Ho made no comment, uiul returned tu the subject nnilor iliaciissieri "Assiionas Clmi lio Davidson got married'" lie enntinuvd, " wo tho gallant remnant nf , single bleisedncsa in Litriel.oiough, cuusiiloioil it about time to cease advertising every Cbrist- m s our forlunnto condition. Charlio had man aged the Buebi lnia' Ball for ye. in." " And succe-sfully ?" '' " Execrably no worse Secretary could liaro been found. That whs his gr. ui merit, liui-ause evorybody was always pr< par. d tu abuse him. Be always offended two-thirds of tho m-igh- , bourhood ; ho forgot to iuvite his mother itud sister one year." " l'oor old Charlie I" 6aid Cnrgcnveii, w'tli m smile. " his bead was never very clear, nor his memory very trustworthy." | " When ha levigned he lclt the management Df the ball in snail evil odour tha' nobody in tho town could be prevailed on to unite, tote' it ; so the bail was dioppeil. Beside., tin re was r.-tlicr a painful incident in conmcLion wi'h tho last dancn we gave that has not yet broil explained i to all." "Tbi, ia very exciting," remarked his friend. " Please to rmneinb. r tliut I have been f air years iu India, and am dying for hi tile or. ngli Biw. Rotate tho uccuiTeuc,- in your own ini mitable slyle, wlnlo 1 smoke and li-tcn " i Jim Wioklmm was a s,-asmierl bnelu lor, whnan ea siest and only love had bs-en ibu Miun of l.is own voice A kindly little busybody f. w things in Litllcbjiough ecu ped tlm nqnisitiim nf his double eyeglass. Mo dn wh eliuir tu tlm lire, witn a preliminary oburklo in nppiccistion of his own powers tu do juatii o to hi- subject. " 1 need liaidlysay it was Clmrliu Davidson's fault cnl in ly," lie began. " Ynu know w usod to iiavo a lis' of po. pio that wore iuviti (1 cv. ry y-ar. Charlie alw ys unlit tiioin invitations, whel her tbi y had left tin- pluec. or wmo dctni, orbaukrupi. Hit iishI to invitu tliem all. He asked old Miss Comb rb.tch tl.ron succc.-sive years after hor duatli at tho ag' of 70." i " But alio never would accept, 1 suppuse r" " No; alio never oppi'amd. But nt lust ho asked another mnn who w -sated ili-nd." " Uudeteired by the silouco of Miss Cumber- i hatjh?" 1 " And this man," said Wickham, lowering bis voco, and laying his band on Ids cum- pan'on's arm, " acre ally appearud at the ball. That wue Ibu ui conifo. t"t>lo part of it." " Good l.ord ! " said Cnrgmiveu, " I say, you'll Iiuyc tu shift tlmt Sevres flower-wise ; 'if you mako any more B'atomcnls of that kind, I shall lie kicking it over." Hia host r.ise, ub diuutly, anil cleared a wider Space in the neighbourhood of his companion's Slippers. Ni titer spultu for a men nt or two, tn>l then Curgeuvt u d. minded cont nuance end an explanti ion. " Who oil earth was the man ? " bo naked. " He hud no liu-iiu ss to hi- anybody on niirth . then," waa Wiciilinra's rojily. . " His namo was .. IBunlop Fuiguson, 1 daro say you roincmbur jbim.;', .... . . . .an a. "Oh!- yes, rather.' Ho was a quiet, nice bind of chap. I did nut know him utnll will. Ho was up in theso purls learning banking, wa>-n't he ? 1 ri invmlior liiin eld. Ily as n gru,.t friend of old Waterllol.l, tho bunker. Surely lie Was in WutcrfloldV bunk ¥ " That' the mnn. He was a gn at friend of mine, and ho uus a gloat friend of Kilty Wulvifield's -he used to Ciillt lo mo about her." " I ku< w a girl w.-ul.l be hi utnl to cuino into the story soon. Wbut is she like ? Attractive ? 1 don't know hi-r oven by night." Not the least attivctivc. Giod oyos and a white face. Nobody knovVh anyttiing about her. She never talks to ai.ylioily, Bin's either loo shy or ton n served, l'vu known her all In r lite, and taken hrr in to dinner about thirty t-mvs X onoe extracted from bar a c„nf, rsiou ilisi she Ji-liked tomatoes, but thai is the only conlid- encoslio baa tvrr honour. it mu with. Si ill, Ferguson, I f»ncy, got a b.t further wit.li hrr thau tlmt. Indeed, ho wns d. s eratf ly keen on Jn-r I cun't for the life i f Die imagine why, except for l- o fad that she itnln'i ouru lw.> straws . Ixmt him. ("he u-cd to be ru le to him hnush, ami that we. en ad vance on tko distantly pt-Iito ettitudn alio ad'.pteil towards i veiytxhty vise. " Well, at the last Bnc> elnr's Ball but one. Fi rguson and Mias Wnterlinld dnnend together mure than em e, 1 oan voucli tor ih«t, ami tin y sat out topcttier pictly oltiu too tjl.o was never iu much item . ml as a p, rnier, though h« was popular enouuti : but ho mvor looked at tnyboily vise tlmt ngtit, IIi» t-.ic, follow, d l.or, likn a dog's eyea all over the rrbm | and ulio , wont | bunt, cii hor with him or without liirn. i> pale, in-cruiablQ sphinx, limiting neither hiippy nur unhappy, but atiai'liitu y uiironrei i, cd. lie loukid_ ra'her pritty that night, but wli'-th, r sbn euj y.'dheravlf or not I liavo not the least idea. O.d PvigiiBon bad promised tu como in and have asmoke with mu after tho danco ; and as he was putting hia cnat i n in the ob ok-roiuo. 1 Kniil Y.u're uuming rouiel fur a pipe, till ? ' \- He mid: ' Not to-night, I Ikink. I'm a hit done up soup how ' I thought ho seemed rather low-epirited and tiied.and lie shook hands witli tie, which wns rather a ruui thing to do. Well, that was four yuais i go, ond t havu never sot yes on the man since Mind tlio rluck, Frank, your r'ght foot is daugi ruualy tu ur it." " You ought uot to say such startling tilings, Uieu, Goon." " Tlm next day Feigiisun lc-tt Littlohnrouglr witbuut e word lo niiybi dy. Bis 1. ttvr.v wore to bqforwnrdodto Mm at Snmo olub iu London, I forget vrbiuli. Most people Wondered nt his going, and missed liiin nut a little ; but Lite . ' only person wliu could throw any light mi it -was Miss Wbterfiuld, and nobody in Ins aouses ever drrumi d of pumping her. Shu went ou \- justasuMial nut looking eithru- niolauchuly or nil'eved, but M «ply expie-ah-nlvsa. I spoke to bar onoe about trim, t-ut she novor uns«ored, and J changed tho subject to Home, when she bad juar- bo n. Ktin was nut exactly garrulous qn that tupio either j but that is liuiihtr here ' sor thi-m. " Wo had jirat iasitvd the invitations for tho Bcxt But lielur'a Ball i ye-r after, ami Charlio Davidauu, wlro waa_ mgiigcd tn lm married at , the time had ignaiist il hia f-roivell uppimrHiiue seSeoictary Ly making i-voiiat'iggi r riicsof tho ball ttisri uaual. On that uceaBiou he overh oked Ilia I ord-Lientonaiit and the .Cnlumd in cvm- nim.d. I was iu be County Club luncliing one day with two or time other felons, when a Kan said eud'li nly, ' I si o that puor vuung-I'cr- guson, wlio was up hi-re, is dead Hi- diml toim wbt-re in Afrl'-a about. six wicks ago. It a-OM in nil tlm papers. ' Didn't anybody see it ¥ ' ' None of us bsd s< en it, anil it was u great rtiovk to me. But Cbarlii- Davidson, who was ' Kiero, turtle I as pale as a aid t and laid dawn hia knife an I fork. I knew at unue he bad Si lit pour Ferguson a card for tin- ball, and for unce ' I frll rather sorry fur bim, as bo looked Very muuti upset." , Vuuug Hallburtcn, however, began to ortck pis customary jokes at Charlie's expense. ' Ho bscfved that tie should have a ckegyiul ball if . pVviybo ly our secretary iiivitnl tinned up, and os further anxious lo discover if. Qui en Aline , bad '«tai aski d, saying lie thouglit alio mig' t be . aflbjidird at the oin'usii n. But when iu went' , ... . piniid said it was enough lo drag yvung Fi-r- 'if"-"-!4 i'ri"n grave, tlm luckless Charlie v. : Jooki i'. so ill that p. opln lold HaliLurt- n to iliy p. and uot try and lie funuy on a subj. ot likn' Il.n1, < Yoti know, I think Davidson was ivorki-d l/p lnto rather on ' eo.lu ' state, of 'niind when i. ' l.hu ' vontfiii night ariived, l-Iii has oftvn, in i.. lolilng me the story of what he saw, re (harked :V .- . > that hn li li a praanillmi nt— f' ri ' . " "h. ilou't" intei luiiteii, Ills lisiennr. '? Doh't y. ' (at us have any pres. ninnents, Go on with the,' tuvedotc." , Just as you like," ri-plled Wiokhnra, mildly, v . F Anjihow, whatever , Charlie's state- of : mind : Itot, tho puppw-reem had. iuit been oproddii; and hn was rucking about telling the wrong men to lake in tliewruiig ladies Hecnmomthccuuree of his career to a small S'tt ng-out room close to the cntrance-liall. It was rnti.cr n cold mid uupnpiiliir roum, with a di jorti d-liuikmg pulra- tne in the rantrp, v nil Ctnd mil with tlu-sliah- birst of tlm solas uiul chairs. Tho ball seen tary came in, hut In- stonncd iputn as hastily in tlm (touru uy. Fur, sitting suit- by s do on a couch ex«ctlv opposite him wore Miss Wets rlield end Uuulop t'l rauUS' ti. The lm ruder was too muoli staggered to sua wry cleat ly, hut be looked Vorgusuu full in the fucu and saw lint ho waa whoo unit hnpgaid. " I thurlio Davidson could not stand the sight, mill hi-llod out like S'OIIO. He mnungod tu final me in tlio sii|iper-roum, nnd I could not think what wmi tho tow with him. I gnvo him eiiim biaudy, whit h he wanted badly ; and tin 11 ho tuld iw what lie had seen, autl begged me 10 gu uiul Hon what I rould sec. " Well, Frank, it is nut n very ploss >nt thing to bu nrili-reil to gu mid insi oi t u ghost, and 1 h> si t" toil ii little But lli-n I eunoludvd either that they hail been mistaken ill ti llmg Ua that Vi rgusuu waadia >,ur lso ihutOha In lmd bt-oit tni-ii keu iu tliiukii g Hint he bad si-on him. i-o I put oil ii culm a face as I eonld and made slrni hi fur ll<o spot. I went in airily unn c-K-ualli, onty tn find there was nobody there but. bli-H Wain Held. Mie wus enning back mi the unfa, wit h bnr hands behind bcr licud, look- ing up at the eb drio liulit." " Didn't hI.o seem upset asked Curgcnren, ' or st itlod ¥ " "Shiiionki'd nothing, as she always did," wnB 'ho reply. "Tnoiu w-s positively nut. one sign a built Iter that i'nnldti lliinybodi iiiiytbing Shu li olo d, if siiytlnng, e lit'lo b. red." " That is qii'ti- tlm cmri ct cxpra-s on for a gill to weur,1' observed Cm gcnvcu, si li-rtihgn niauiottn immihcbox no tlio (nhlo, " wlon 1.01' vleiiil lover has ri tinned fr. in I ho gtave to m> el her on the aiinivnisary nf the day she icjuoeil liim. 1 suppose you catechised to r ¥ " " My cros-exiniiinatn u was very skil' ul, for I led up to it g- idly. 1 said 1 didn't kimw she nca all alone ; to which aho rci licit. 'Didn't you : '—which in a chilling suri of nnsucr, and one at uhii h shu was vuiy great. I could not for >h« life of inb go on lo s«y tlint I had been told a ghost ua- sitting out the supper dono s wiiu bcr. I made some general remvik, wliuh she reciiveil with a nolit. Indeud !' displming tin interest of a ui kind ; anil then her mother Hiuidi nly c-mo in. lfor mmher is t-lkinive, and an idiot, so I Aid. leaving tho seciot be- hi i d mi-. "I'm biiiiiul to say that Chailiu Davidson ! added cousidorobly to H'C stoiy 1 ti r on in the owning whi-ii suwral glassi s of cliuinpigne iu- terviiiid betse-n himself and the facts. He modi- out ihat Forgu on's whale demeanour was coips- -like ond -up. rnaturu, md added a eug- gi-i jion of a bullet-wound in hi- ferelmsd, im- phing suicide. H-nvcver, olln r people we're in clined 10 be less impi eased, and hinted ihut tho ijecn-taiy hint b -en sampling the diinks In-fnm Mipr.er. Young Halihmton. when lio wis next in Londi n, m 'do niiiiii io- at Ferguson's cluli wliithi r Clinii c lmd isisted tho card for i ha /J choloi.-' Ilnll. _ Tito Cluli |ior'or said be b d heard nothing of I'uignsson for sow nil months! and tlmt li. had lift no ad nous In which his litters might I o forwuidod. I'o allowed find- I ur on nboiit- thirty letters for Ferguson, anil Iliilibiirlon eagi-ily si arclicd tlnough thi rn tu find Clmi'ii. 's invitii'ion. B it— this was u vi ry strango feature in it —tlm invitsit on to t.l.u ball | was not .among the letters. XYa-n't that eur.nus ¥ " " It was, ioilc-il. That hail ev- denily found liiin out noun wlicrc buy oml his Club." " Shortly af or this icmmkulilu nppnritinn, DIish IVi'tcrllcl i wmtiiwsy fium Littlm oroiigli. I think she « nt ubr. w! tu b am some species of uiusoal iii-truiin lit in Gcrinnny 1 hi li. w musio interests bcr fniuty, much moro thiui lovers ur ghosts of lovers. A very wise mini ill thi Club unci said tlmt if Ferguson weiu io Ily denn le rouaiihr»d bitty Wiiteilhbl morally guilty of his death. Upon wl ich a still vviai r mnn Migg.-nted that he should go uud tell her so." Cuptain Curgeoveu cansideri d Wickham's story nti Rxcel'ei t one, and it iem> inud an ex celh-nt atiiiy, in his vstiinatiim, until one ili.y ho I lmpeii d to see in the papn tho inirringc, tele- ' gruptie l home rom Africa, of a eei Lain Mr. Diiulop Ferguson. to an ufilecr's daughter iu Gape Town. Thi-ii ho iec-llui-teil.th.it the haiim li s not a W by unromuinn oiiu, and that Vtim Lilvrebniouph (iiaychieai researoliera had liot v. r.v i niiclusive cvideuee that tin Fcigu on who appealed uttlio ba I wns thoanni' F rusun who via- dead. Cl>a lio Davidson ami Wioklium both iiinintiiiii tin t the men w ho bus just been married is uuotlii l- p- icon ol the sunn- namo. ' Othoin,_ however. h»ld that. Feigiisun paid a dying visit to Littl borough to try a Inst fall with h s hnnl-hi urtoil enchant l ess. And when Miss Watorllcl'l comes back to her native town certain hold spirits have ro-olvi d t" cast lot- to tie. ide who shall qne-tiou her and fuiil out the truth.— ' Vanity Fair." 