TALES AND SKETCHES. SONS OF FIRE. By MISS BRADDON, Author or " Ladt Audley'sSkorrti""The Fatal Three," "The Day Will Oomb," ''"The Doctor's Wife," " Thou Art' tub Man !"&c.; ; all rights reserved. Chapter XIX.— "wnat was a sreok ex pands Into a Star." ' "Had the landlady of the houso In Great Ormond-streot liton anybody In the world ex cept my old nhrae; I doubt if any philanthroplo purpose would have inspired mo with the bold ness to carry through tbs work I bad under- hkso. ao appear uciere 110 average loosing house beeper within lmlf an hour of midnight, and with suoh n protdgde as Esperanza Campbell upon my hnnds, would bare required the courage of a lion, and at that time I wns n particularly shy and sensitive young man, brought up In the retirement of a remote eonntry liouso and in the sooioty of a motlior whom I loved very dearly, bnt, as we are told to lore God, with fear and trembling. My constitutional shyness, the natural outcome of narrow surroundings, lisd "kept me from making friends at tbo University, and I believe it wassbccr pity whioh bad prompted Gerald Staudish to take me under his wing. His kindnoss was rewarded by finding mo a likcablo companion, whose character supplied tome of the qualities which were wanting in bis bright and buoyant disposition. IVa wore real friends ; and remained friends until the end of his too brief life. "So muoh to explain that it was only my confidence in my old nurse's indulgence wliiofi enabled inc to out tho knot of our didioulty in disposing of Esperanza Campboll. " My faithful Martha and her excellent hus band won sleeping the sleep of the just In a ground floor room at tbo back of the house, while their maid ssrvont slumbered still more soundly in a baol; attic. Happily Martha was a light sletper, and had trained liorsolf to wako at the lightest cry in seasons of measles or whoop ing oough, toothing or infantile bronohitis ; so my second application to tho bell and kuoeker brought a prompt response. Bolts were drawn, a key was turned, a ohain was unfastened, the door was opened a oonplo of inobos, and a timid voice asked what was wanted. "'It is I, Martha, Geoigie Borcsford. I've brought you a lodger.' " ' Oil, oomo now, Mr. Goorge, that's ono of your jokes. Yon've boon to the theatre, and you're ploying a triok upon me. Go homo, now, do, llko a dear young gentleman, and como and have a oup of too with me some afternoon when you'vo got half an iiour to spare.' "'Martha, you are keeping a vory sweet young lady out in tbo cold. For goodness sake open tho door and let mo explain matters.' '" Can't she tako her in?' asked Ceroid, im patiently, from tha eab. "Martha opened the door, and exhibited her self rcluotautly in her casual costume of flannel dressing gown and tartan shawl. " 'What do you mean, Mr. George ? What can you mean by wnnting lodgings for a young lady at this time of night V '"Sounds qnoer, don't it?' said Gerald, who had honnded up tho steps and burst into the dim wainscoted hall, lighted only by tho oandle Martha wae carrying. ' The foot la wo're in a difficulty, and Mr. Beresford assures mo you oan get us out of it.' " And then in tho fowest words and with most pcrsnasivo inamior he explained wlmt we wanted— a homo and a protootor for a blameless young girl whom tha foroa of oiroumstanco had flung upon our hands at half-past 11 o'olock in tho ovening. Somehow wo must got rid of her. Silo was a gentleman's daughter, and wo oould not take licr to the workhouao. Reputation, hors and ours, forbade that wa should tako lior to an hotel. " Not a word did Gerald say about table turning or spirit rapping. He was ehrcwd enough to guess that any hint at tho aiancc would have prejudiced honest Martha against our obarge. "'I'm euro I don't know what to do,' said Martha ; and I could boo that sho was auspicious of Gerald's airy manner, and doubtful oven of mo. ' My husband's fast asleep. He isn't suoh a light slcopor as I am. I don't know what be would say ' "'Never mind what ho would say, ' inter rupted Gerald. ' 1 What you havo to say is that you'll take Miss Oampbcll.in and give her a tidy room somnwhora— alio ain't particular, poor thing— and make her comfortable for a week or. two while she looks out for a situation.' " ' Oh, sho's on the look out for a situation, is sho?' said Martha, evidently mollified by tho I idea of a bread-winning young person. ' You see, Mr. George,' eho went on, appealing to me, ' in London one oan't be too particular. This house is all Benjamin and I have to look to in onr old ago we've put our little all into it ; and if the young lady happened to ho rather dressy, or sang comio songs, or went to the theatre in oabs, or bad gentlemen leave letters for her, why it would just be our ruin. Our first floor is let to ono of tbo moat particular of widow ladies. I don't beljevo there's a more particular lady in London.' My dear Mnrtha, do you think I'm u fool or a knuvt ? ThiB girl is a villago organist's daughter—' " ' Ah, Mr. Georgo, they must all bogin,' said Martha, shaking her head philosophically. . " ' She te mourning for her father— an orphan —friendless and unhappy — ' . ".'As for conduct, propriety, and all that kind of thing, I'll answer for her ae if she were my own sistor,' put In Gerald, in his splendidly reckless way ; 1 and that being tho oato, I hope you are not going to keep the poor young lady sitting out there in a oold cab till to-morrow morning.' " Martha listoned to Gerald and looked at me. If you're euro it's all right, Mr. George,' she murmured, ' I'd rather do anything in tho world to obligo you ; but this house is our all—' " ' Yes, yes,' Gerald exolaimod, Impatiently. 1 You told us that boforc. Bring her in, George. It's all eottted.' " This was a happy stroke, for old Martha would have stood in the hall with hor guttering oandle and in hor deshabillo of flannel and tartan debating the matter for another quarter of an hour ; but when I brought tho pale girl in lior blaok frock up tha steps, aud handed her into the old woman's care, tho motherly hoart melted all at once, and all hesitancy was at nn end.. " ' l'oor young thing ; why, sho's llttlo more than a ohild I How pale and cold you look, poor dear. I'll go down and light a bit of firo and warm a oup of broth for you. My second floor left the day before yesterday. I'll Boon get tho bedroom ready for you.' . "'That's as it should be,' said I. 'You'll find yourself iiafe and comfortable here, Mies Campbell, with tho kindest woman I know. I'll call in a few days, and soe how you are getting on.' "Islippod n couple of soveroigne into my old nurse's palm as I wisbod her good night. Tho cabman brought in the poor little wooden truuk, received a liberal fare, and went his way in pedee, while Gerald and I walked to the Tavis- took, glad to oool down after the evening's ax- aiteinent. " ' What an adventure 1' said lie. ' Of course I always knew it was humbug, hut I nevor thought it wae quite suoh transparent hum bug. \- " lTkat girl wonld have taken any one in,' said I. '" Why, booouse she's young' and protty, after a rather sickly fashion !' " ' No, because she was thoroughly in earnest, and believed in the thing horstlf,' " 'You really think sho was n dupe, and not an acoomplice ?' '"lam sure of it. Her distress. was very real. And at her age, and with her imaginative nature—' '"What do yon know of her nature!' he aelced, sharply. "'Tile question and his manner of asking it pulled ino up suddenly,' as a dreamer of morn ing dreams is awakened by tha matter of faot voice of tho servant who comes to call liim. " What did I know of hor ? What assurance had I that hor sobs and lamentation, her pathetio story of the father so loved and mourned were not as epnrione as the rest of tho show, as muoh n ohe&t; as the iron rod and the leather strap. How did I know? Well, I could hardly have explained tho basis of my convietion, but I did know ; and I would have staked my lifo upon ber honesty and her innoooneo. "I woke next, morning to a new sense of re sponsibility. I had takvn this helpless girl's fate Into my hands, and to mo she must look for aid in olialkiug out a path for herself. ' I had to And hor tho means of earning her daily bread reput ably, and not as a drudge. Tho problem was diltioult of solution. I had heard enough of tiie lot of the avorago half eduoated governess — the life harder, the pay less, than a servant's. Yet what elee than a. nursery governess oould this girl be, at hor age, and with her nttnin- mcnts, which I oonoluded were not above the ordinary sohool girl's. The look out was gloomy, and I wae glad to shut my eyes to tho difficulties of the situation, telling myself that my good Mnrtha would give tho poor ohild a comfortable homo upon vory moderate terms — suoh terms as I oould alford to pay out of my very modorate allowance, and that in a month or two something — in the language of the immortal Mtoawbcr — would turn up. " There was but nnother week of the Long,, a woek whioh in ordinary oiroumstancoa I should have spent with my widowed mother at ber liouso in the country, but whioh I decided to spend in London, aooepting Gerald's invitation to share ills rooms io Arundel-street, and do a final round of the theatres ; an invitation I had previously declined. During that week I was ofton in Great Ormond-street, and contrived to learn a great deal more about Espernnza'a oharnotor and history— of ber history all bIio had to toll ; of her oharaatcr, whioh to mo seemed transparent as a forest streamlet, all I could divine. I called in Ormond- street on the eeoond day of her residence there, and found good Nurse Martha in the beat possible humor. It was 4 o'olock in tho afternoon, and sho insisted that I should atop for a oup of teo, and as tea making— that is to say, tiie art of produoing n bettor oup of tea tiiau anybody elso oould pro duce from the snmo canister, kettle and teapot — had always boon a special talent of Martha's, I was glad to acoept hor hospitality. "Miss Campbell had gone for a little walk round the squares, eho informed me. " 'She doosn't cure about going out,' explained Martha ; 'sho'd rather sit ovor a book or play the harmonium. But I told her eho muet take an airing for Iter health's sake.' " I was disappointed at not finding Esperonza in tho tidy back parlor to which Nurso Martha usliored me— a room of exemplary noatness and snugnose, enlivened by those living presences whioh always make for oheorfulness— vulgar as we may deem them— a glass tank of gold fish, a canary bird, and n magnificent tabby cat, sleek, clean, luxuriously idlo in purring contemplation of tho bright littlo fits in tho old fashioned grato, that grato with hobs whioh reminded me of my nursery deep in tho heart of the country. " ' Now you ait down in Blake's armchair, Mr. George, and let'e have a talk over missy. I shouldn't have taken thoBO two sovereigns from you the night bofore Inst if I hadn't been ail of a muddle with the suddenness of the thing. I don't want to be paid in advanoo for doing n kindness to a helpless girl.' " ' No, Maatba ; but since tho helploss girl wns on my handB, it's only right I should pay you Komnhow, and wo may as wall nettle that question at once, as it may bo eevcral weeks boforc Miss Campbell is able to find a suitable situation.' " ' Several months, mora likely. Do you know how young abo is, Mr. George ? ' " ' Eighteen. " ' Eighteen last birthday— only jaet turned eighteen, and she's muoh younger than most girls of eighteen in nil her wayB and thoughts. Sho's olevor enough with her hande, poor ohild. Nothing lazy or lollopiog about her— mado lior own bed aud swept and tidied her own room without a word from me ; but there's a bolp- lessncss somewhere— in her thoughts. I don't know how she'll ever set about getting a situa tion — I don't know what kind of situation she's fit for. She's muoh too young and too pretty for a governess. . " ' Not too young for a nursery governosB, euroly.' " ' A nursery governess means a nursery maid without u onp, Mr. George. I shouldn't like to see her brought to that. I've takon to her nlready. Benjamin says, with her sweet voice and pretty faoo, sho ought to go on the stag.' " I wae horrified at the idea. " ' Martha, how can you speak of suoh a thing ? Havo you any idea what the life of a theatre means for au iuoxperienoed girl— for a beautiful girl, most of all ? ' ".'Oh, I'vo heard there are temptations ; but a prudent young woman oan take oare of herself anywhere, Mr. George ; and an imprudent youug woman will go wrong in a country par- eouago, or a nunnery. If Miss Campbell is to earn her own living, sho'll hnvo to fans dangers and temptations, go where sho may. She'll have to tako oaro of koreelf, poor child. There'll he nobody olse to tako care of her. I've heard that young women are well looked after in some tbentrce — at Mr. Charles Kean's, for iu- stance. I know n young person that, used to walk on in Louie the Eleventh — dressed ae a boy in blue and gold — and she told mo that Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean . was that particu lar " "'The Koaus are making n farewell tour in Australia, and will never go into mnnngemont again, Martha. You are talking nonsense.' .. " Poor Martha looked crestfallen at this reproof, "'I dare eay I am, Mr. George ; but, for' all that, I don't think Miss Campbell will over do muoh as a govorness. It isn't in her. There's a helplessness, and a bendinguess, and drooping- ness, if I may eay so, about her character that won't do for a governess. The only mistress that would keep bor is the kind of mistress that would make a Blavo of her.' " 1 Hard lines,' I Baid, getting up and walking abeut the little back parlor. " It was a third room quite at tho baok of the substantial Georgian houso. There was eoant pace for my restlessness between the old square piano, whioh served as a sideboard, and the fire- plaoo by which my dear old Martha sat looking at me with a perturbed countenance, " I began to think I had let myself in for a bed thing. What was I to do with this girl, whose fate I had in some measure taken into my hande? It had seemed assy enough to bring her to this quiet sholtor, which aha might leave in a woek or so, braced up and ready to fight her battle of life— the battle we all havo to fight somehow — a solf- aupporting young woman. Self-supporting, that was tho point, I now remembered with terror that there is a large class of persons upon this earth whom not oven tho scourge of poverty can mako self-support ing ; a vast multitude of feeble souls who resign themselves from the beginning of things to drift upon the streem of lifo, and uro never known to strike out and awim for any shore, and so drift down to the ocean of death. Of these are the poor relations for whom something is for over being done, and who never do anything for themselves ; of theso tho feoblo saions of patri cian family trees, who are alwayB waiting for eiueoures under Government. " God hoip her, poor soul ; if she was one of theso invertobratos ; and God help me in my re sponsibility towards her. "I was an only son; the heir to ei small estate in Suffolk, and an iucome of something nndor £3000 a yenr. . I was not quite 20 years of age, and I had to myself - at- the most expensive college in Cambridge on an allowance that many of the rich young men with whom I assoaiated would havo considered abject penury. I was not in. a fast sot. I did not hunt— indeed, with my modest income, hunt ing wonld have bean impossible ; but I wee nob without taBtos which absorbed money ; the love of ohoioo books) and fino engravings, tho fanoy for curios pioked up hero or there, tho presence of whioh gavo.interest to my rooms, and, per haps, helped to reooncile me to many long houts within alosod doors. I had hitherto beon most oarcful to live within my tnoome, for I knew that it was as much ae my mother eoiild afford to give mo, taking into consideration her devotion .to the estate whiob was to be mine by and by, and the malnleuanco and improvement of whioh bad been to her as a religion. Her model oot- tages, her home farm, the village churoh, to whoso every improvement her purse had largoly con tributed, these wero the sources of expenditure whioh kept her comparatively poor aud whioh forbade any extravagance on my part. " All theso faote were in my mind that after noon as I pneed the narrow bounds of old Martha's sitting room. "'Sho will have to get hor living,' I said severely, as the result of those meditations, which showed mo no margin for philanthropy. "Had my motlior beon . as somo men's mothers,.! might naturally have ooutempla'tod shifting the burden upon lior shoulders. I might have told her Espuranza's story, and handed Esperanza ovor to her care as freely as if I had picked up a stray eat or dog. But my mother was not one of those soft, impressionable women who are always' rendy to givo tho roins to Benti- mont. Sho was a good woman, and devoted muoh of hor lifo and means to doing good, but hor bonovolenoo wns restricted to the limits of her own parish. She would hardly listen to a tale of eorrow outside licr own village. '"Wo have -so muoh to do for our own people, George,' she used to tell mo; 'it is folly to he distracted by outside olaims. Horo we know our return forovory shilling wo give. We know the best and the worst about tboso we help.' " Were I to tell .lier Esporanza's story, hor suggestions for helping mo out of my difficulty would be crueller than old Martha's. Sho wonld be for sending tlio girl into servioe RB a liouso maid, or for getting lier an assisted passage to the antipodes on nn omigrant otiip. " Martha enmo to my rescue in my trouble now, as sho had done many n time when I worn a kilt, and when my naked knees lied come Into abrupt collision with a gravel path or a stony beach. " ' Sho'll liavo to bo older and wiser bofore she gets licr own living, Mr. Qoorgo,' said Martha ; ' but don't trouble about hor. As long as I'vo n hod or a sofa to spare eho oan stop with mo and Benjamin. Hor bite and aup won't hurt us, poor tiling, and I don't want sixponco from you. Sho shall Btop horo frco gratis, Mr. George, till she finds a bettor homo.' " I gavo my old nurso a hug ae if I had beon still the boy in tho Macdougal kilt. " 'No, no, Martha ; I'm not going to impose on yonr gonerosity. I shall bo able to pay you something. Only I thought you might want two or threo pounds n woek for hor board, aud I could .not manage that for an indefinite period.' \- " 1 Two or throe pounds 1. Lor, Mr. Goorge, if that's yonr notion of priooe, Cambridge land ladies mast bo 'erpies. Why, I only get two guineas for my drawingroom floor as a per manency, and lady tenants even begrudge half a orown oxtra for kitohen fire. Let her atop hor as long ae she likes, Mr. George, and nevor you think about money. It's only hor future I'm thinking of, for there's a helplessness about her that . Ah, there sho is,' as tiie hall door slowly opened. ' I gave her my key. Sho's quite ono of us already.' " She aama quiotiy into the room and took ny proffered hand without ebynosa or cmbar- rassmont. Sho wae pale still, bat the fresh air had brought a faint tint of roso into the pallid obeeks. Sho looked oven younger and more child-Iiko to-day. in Iter shabby morning frook and poor little black etraw hat than she had looked tho night bofore last. Her strong emotion tlion had given more of womanliness to tho small oval face. To-day there wae a simplicity in her aspcot, as of a trusting child who took no thought of tho future, secure in the ldndnGss of those about her. "I thought of a sentence in the gospel, ' Consider the lilies how they grow.' Thisohiid had grown up like a lily iu the mild atmosphere of domestic love, and had been tho easy dupe of a delusion whioh appealed to her affection.. for the dead. "'I called to see if you were quito comfort able and at home with Mrs. Blake,' I said, far more embarrassed by the situation than Esper anza was. " 'Yes, indeed I am,' alio answered in her Bad sweet .voice. ' It is so htoo to . be with somo one so kind and clean and comfortable., The frau waa not very unkind, but she was so dirty. . She gave us suoh horrid things to cat — tho smell of them made me 111— and then alio said I .was nileotedand silly, and the hcrrnsed tosay I might starvo if I could not eat thoir food. It mado me think of my happy home' with father, and our eosy little toa table beside the fire. - Wo did not always have dinner,' she added naively ; ' neither of us oared'much for that.' . "She hung over old. Martha's shoulder with affeotionate familiarity, and the iiorny old hand whioh had led my infant steps was held up to olasp hers, and tho withered old face smiled. " ' See how she gets round us,' said Martha, nodding at me. 'Benjamin is just as bad. And you should bear her play, the 'armoniau of an evening and sing Abide witli Me. You'd hardly hear her without shedding tears.' '"Do you think you oan be happy horo for a few weeks ?' I asked. '"Yes, as happy as I oan be anywhere with out fnther. I dreamt of him last night — such vivid dreams. I heard bis voice close beside uy pillow calling my name. I know ids spirit was in the room. It isn't beoausq,the berr and bis wife were cheats that there is no link botween the -living and the dead. I know tbore is a link,' she insisted passionately, her eyca brim ming with sudden toars. ' They are not dead— those wa dearly love — only removed from us. The olay is gone ; the soul is hovoring near, blessing, comforting us.' " Sho sobbed out her grief, hiding her faee upon Martha's substantial shouidor. I oould speak no word of consolation ; nor would I for worlds have argued against this fond halluci nation, the dream of sorrowing love. " I shall net see thee. Dare I say No spirit ever brako the band That stays him from the native land, In which he wnlk'd when clasp't in clay ! No visual shade of some one lost. But he, the Spirit himself, may como IVIiore all the nerve of sonao is numb ; Spirit to Spirit, GItost to Ghost." " I quoted those lovely lines in a low voice ae I walked softly up and: down tho darkoning room ; and then there was sitenoo save for soothing wordless murmurs from Martha, suoh murmurs as had Bsrved to hush my own baby sorrows. . " ' There's the kettle just on the boil;' cried the good soul, cheerily, when Esperanza's sobs had oeased ; ' and Lltnow Mr. Georgo must bo wanting his dap of tea.' " She rose and bustled about in her dear' old aotive way.'. She lit'a lamp — an inartistic, cheap parafim'lamp, but tho light was clieorfnl. The tea tabid arraugod by Martha was the picture of neatness. She set Esperanz the feminine task of making toast. The poor ohild had the prettiest air of penitence as she kissed Martha's hand, and then knolt meekly down, with tho fireglow crimsoning the nlabaster faoo and ncok,- nnd shining on the pdie gold hair and rusty black frock. " ' I'm afraid I'm vory troublesome, ' alio said, apologetically; 'but, iudaed, I'm very grateful to you, sir, for taking oaro of me that dreadful night,- and to dear Mrs. Blake for alt her kindness to mo.' - " ' Mrs. Blake is the quintessence of kiiidnera. I am very glad to think you can live happily here until sho or loan-find some nlae situation for you.' : "She had been smiling softly over her taek, but her faoe clouded in an instant. " ' A situation.1 That's what everybody said at Bssbory ! . Wa must find her situation. And then Miss Grlmahawo wanted mo to bo a dressmaker.' You shall not bo a dress maker. I promise that.' " ' But oh, what am I to be? I don't know half enough for a governess. I oouldh't teaoh beginners Gorman and French and drawing. I oouldn't teaoh little boys Latin. And tkata what everybody wants of n govornesB. I've read tho advertisements in the newspapers.' " 'And as to being a nursery governess, why, it's nogro slavory,' said Martha. " ' I wouldn't mind tho drudgery, only I hato oltildrcn,' said Esperanza. " This avowal ehooked me. I looked at the soft, olilldliko countenance, and tho speech seomed incongruous. " ' I havo never hud anything to do with ohil- drcn, sinoo my sister Luoy died,' she oxpl&inod.; ' I shouldn't understand tbem, aud thoy would laugh at me and my fanoios. After Lucy's death I lived alone with fnthor, always alone, he aqd I. Tho harmonium and tho organ In tho ohuroh oloso by wore our only friends. Our clergyman was just civil to father, but I don't think ho ever liked him. I heard him onoo tell somo on that' hie orguniat wae an ooeentrioity. An eccentricity I That was all ho oould say about my father, who was ever so muoh oleveror than he.' " Sho said this with pildo, almost with de fiance, looking mo in the fuce ae if sho wero challenging me to dispute tlio faot. "'"Was your father very clever?' I asked hor, keenly interested in any glimpses of hor history. " ' Yob, I am suro ho was olever, muoh olovorer than tho common run of people. He loved music, and he played beautifully. Hie touoh upon the old organ mado the ohuroh mueio sound angelic. Now and thon there was somo one in the ohuroh— some stranger — who seemed to under stand his playing, and who wns astonished te find euah an organist in a villago ohuroh — an out of the way village like ours. But for tho moBt part people took no notico. It didn't seem to matter to them whether the choir sang well or badly ; hat when they sang false it hurt father just like bodily pain.' ' ' Did ho toaoh you to play ?' '"A little. But ho wasn't fond of teaching. What I know of musio I found out ohiefly for myaelf — just sitting atone nt the organ, whon I oould gat one of the ohoir boys to blow for me, touching the koys, aud trying, tha stops, till I learnt something about them. But I play very badly.' " ' Beautifully, beautifully,' ejaculated Martha. You draw tears.' " ' You sang in the choir, I think ?' I said. '"Yoo ; there were four young ladies, and a lady's maid with a contralto voice, end I was the sixth. There were about a dozen men and boya wiio sat at tbo other side of the ohanoel. Pcoplo said it was n good ohoir for a villago churoh. Fathor . was so unhappy when wo sang badly, that we oould not holp trying to sing well;' "I remembered those scrnphfo notes in Han dle's thrilling melody, and I oould understand - that nt least ono rolee-in tbe ohoir had tha heavenly ring. .! Well,' I said at last, '.wo must hopo for the host. Something niay turn up that will suit you bettor than governessing. And iu the moan- time you can raako yourself happy with my old nurse. I can answer for it sho'll never be un kind to you. ... ' "'I'm euro of that. I would rather stay hero and bo hor .servant., than go among strangers.'. .. . !-.'.' . " ' What« wear an apron nnd cap, aud . wait upon the lodgers ?' 1 said, laughiug at . . the ab surdity of the idea. . She seemed n creature so far removed from the useful race of neat handed Pliyltises. - ' I elionld not mjnd.' The olock in the; hull "ruck 6, and I had promised Gerald to be ready for dinner at half- past, ns we wero to go ton theatre, after- wards — tho Adelphi, where Joiforson was not ing P.ip Van Winkle. I had to. take a hurried leave. .. "'Don't you worry yourself about her,.. Mr. George,' said Mnrtha, as sbo let me out at tbo street door. ' I'll kocp her (is long as aver you like.' "I told Martha that I should Bend her n, littlo money, from time to time,; and tbat.T should cunsider myself in her debt for a pound a week as long as Miss Campboll; stayed with hor. "'She'll want a new trook, won't she?' I asked. 'The ono she wears looks very ' shabby.' , " ' It looks what it is, Mr. George. It's all but threadbare, and it's the only frook she has iu tho world, poor child. But don't you trouble about that either. . You, gavo me two sovereigns. One of these will buy. tlio stuff, and slio and 1 can make , the frook, I've put out plenty of frocks in my day. I used to make all your own mother's frocks once upon a time.' " Site had uuraed my mother in the. bloom of her youth ; sho had nursed mo. in her sturdy middle life ; aud now in her old oge she was willing to care for this girl for whose fate I had made myself responsible. , (to br continued.) - i 