^'Shrouded Mystery OR. '' ^YLich Girl Did He M^rry ? By Skipp Borlase, . author of ' For Tbde Love's Bake.' 'Thbbe Lovely WoKiK,' 'Darkeb Thak Death,' ' an Ocean Secret,' ' Becallkd to Life,' ' IUches to Hoik,' 'Who Killed Johh Cameron ?'' The Police Minister.' Etc. CHAPTER SXXU. COontikued). *'fiHKDIED TWELYifl YBAltS AGO, AKD AT THIB VKRV HOnE.' 11 H might do more harm than good, and so let it be. Lucy seemB to be asleep, and to wake her suddenly, and by each a shock u the violetit 'breaking open of a door, might cause her a serious injury io Lcr present ua happy condition. Good night, dame. I have nothing more to say to you. It would be of He uttered the last half-dozen words in a scornful and yet sorrowful tone, looking the while as though he felt he was Dame Dorothy's slave, instead of that she was Mb servant. She certainly had Borne mysterious power over him, and she must have been fully cognisant of it or she would not have given «nt to tliftt little sibilant chuckle as 6he bade him good night in turn, but with an excess of humility which aloue proclaimed it to be mock, and then hobbled back to her own room, which she had come out of in her haste without her chony erulch stick. Ae for the baronet, he returned to the room wherein he had left hie young wife lying senseless on the carpet, muttering to himself , ' Thank heaven that she is fondly attached to my poor girl. It, would take a great deal to shake even my faith on that point, for stre has given too many proofs of it during a long course of years. Yet, for all that I would that Bhe were dead. Aye, I'd give a thousand pounds conld she only die apeedily, painlessly, and naturally.' He entered the eupper room in time to discover Lady Howarth attempting to rise from the floor, and he at once ran forward and lifted her ud. 11 Ob, what was that ?' waa her first ques tion, uttered in a puzzled and bewildered tone rather than in a terrified one. M What, can you not guess?' responded the baronet. 'Why poor Lucy, of course,' he quickly added. ' She found some of her mother's things and put them on, and then Tabbed her face and arms with Borne greyish white powder to look as though— In order to frighten us in short, Dou't blame her, Hose, tor folks of all ages take pleasure in tuc Btrangeat things when their minds have lost theii proper balance. Be content with the knowledge that 'twas no ghost that you saw, bat only a poor, harmless, batf-witted girl.' ' The object did not look the least like a girL, and it was you, not me, who was firet alarmed.' 'I am aware of It ; 'twas the tout snsrmhle that filled me with such horror. I recoz nlaed the entire dress at a glance as a favo rite one of my poor wife's and eo took the —the rest for granted. That grevish white powder, too, made the flesh look verv ghostly, it was laid bo thickly on, and seeme'd 1 to add a score of years to Lucy's age, and she is very like her mother. Then the dark ness which flanked and backed the figure com bined with the artificial light of the candles that streamed upon its front, through the glass of a closed window too, assisted the deluBion so a really wonderful degree. She has locked herself in her room to avoid being questioned about it.' 'Don't you think — don't you feel con vinced — that the poor distracted child was put up to play such a part by another — bv Dame Dorothy in short, and for sDme cruel and sinister purpose of her own ?' ' Bah, it isn't worth hazarding a guess about. The old woman is in her dotage. Come, let us to bed, and I'm sure you are too Sensible, my love, to let such trifles frighten you again.' CHAPTER XXXIII. 'TO BLEEP— PERCHANCE TO DEEAM— AH, THERE'S THE HDB.' Six Harry had sometimes a way of speak ing that seemed to forbid an answer, or even a comment, and in such & way did he utter the intended comforting speech with which he concluded the last chapter. Lady Howarth, therefore, did not dare to reply, even to the extent of reminding him that they had neither partaken of any ?upper nor as much as tasted the choice Hungarian wine which he bad bo specially ordered up to grace aud honor the occasion. Truth to tell she felt no desire either to eat or to drink, for she believed now that no wine was capable of raising her terribly depreBBed spirits or of dispelling her sus picions and positive fears. Bhe accompanied her husband upstairs, therefore, without a remonstrance, but later on insisted on having a light burning all night in their room, notwithstanding his declaration that he was never able to 6leep a wink except in absolute darkness, for she , thought it a deal better that he should lie kw&ke; than that she hereof should be terrified perhaps into madness. He, however, after an hour or so of rest less tossing and turning, did go to sleep ; but it was far from & peaceful or tranquil filnmbcr, for his chest heaved convuleivclr, his breathing was harsh, bard, and irregular, and every now and then be seemed to be wrestling with the phantom of some hideous vision, while the night-light revealed his countenance to be working convulsively, and to be beaded with great dropB of agonised sweat. Presently he jerked himself upward into a Bitting posture, and began to mutter and mumble disjointed sentences of which his listening wife could make little or nothing, so interspersed were they with sighs and gaEpB and groans, and eo inarticulate were many of the utterances, Bnddenly, however, he slid out of bed, and as he crossed the vast and gloomy apartment, going evidently towards bis dressing-room, the rushlight flickered on his pallid face, and revealed the fact that his eves were wide open and filled with an expression of He seemed also to move forward re luctantly, and as though impelled by some unseen yet occult force which he was 'utterly powerless to resist. room, aud through the open door, which the rush-light also feebly penetrated, she beheld him open the secret drawer of an antique bureau or cabinet that stood therein, and take out of it what she umnc'iiatelv recog nised as the strangely shaped key that opened the door leading to the north wing. A deep groan escaped him as his lingers closed tenaciously around it, and the next instant be bad lighted a candle, opened this outer door of lIic dressing-room and paet-ed there through into the corridor. Then it was that Lady Howarth 'b curiosity proved stronger than even her terror, or else she felt that a fall knowledge of even the wont would be less terrible to bear than the vague yet hideous 6urmi6es which were at present torturing her almost buyout, lunlnr* So, getting out of bed, ehc hastily drew a dark colored robe dc chamhrc ovur lmr dazEliugly white and richly laced night dress, aud silently commending herself to the protection of heaven she stole noiselessly and barefooted across the bed-room, and out through the dressing-room into the corridor, resolved to follow her husband whithersoever he went, while she felt all the more safety in bo doing owing to a conviction which suddenly possessed her that he was fast asleep. She had both heard and read of somnam bulists re-enacting in their Bleep the crimes they had perpetrated when awake, their staring eyes discerning the ideal while blind to the real, and if it were so in the present without his seeing, far less recognising, her. She would not, however, risk this if it could possibly be helped. As she was delwjuching into the corridor she saw him unclose the door at the oth*;r end, and pass through it, leaving i( open behind him, into the buluslnulcrl gallery that surrounded three siiles of the hall. The light of bis candle guided her, aud fchc was thus able to follow him without coming in contact with any obstacle, and so creating a noise that might possibly have alarmed and awakened him. The gallery reached, the vast hall seemed to yawn like some terrible and black abyss on one side of her, while on the other the fiuied tapestry (.whereon the history of lioch- , dale -was wnHr-d in groups of human forms as large as lifo from the great Dane Slaugh ter under Gaulle Hill to the Karl of Tyrone hiding from his pursn'Ts in his hill side cave above the EobcIi) waved and fluttered nB though troops of ghoBta or poblioB were chasing each other up aud down behind it. But Ladv Howarlh was now too excited to feel fear, for Sir Harry had by this Urn*? puehed the al-range key into the coal-black door that admitted to the north wing, and the next instant she beheld him push it slowly open with a harsh scrooping sound, revealing within — darkness and nothing more. Then it seemed as though, In the words of Poc'e Haven :— Deep Into that darkness peering, Long ha stood there, wondering— fear- ing— Doubting— -breaming dream no mortal Ever dared to dream before. But the etillncPB was unbroken, And the darkness gave no token; And the only words there epoken Was the whispered word, ' Lenore.' At length, however, with another deep groan, he proceeded on his way, Hutu fol lowing him as before, and, in her eagerness to learn the fell secret of the north wing, even approaching him nearer. Bhe could sec, as she entered at the open door, that the walls were hung with rent and riven tapestry, all honeycombed by moths, &&d; festooned with the webs of spiders. Foul creeping things wnthed or wrigcled upon the floor, and the sharp noses and black bead-like eyes of mice and rats peered out at her through holes iu the wainscoting as she. passed along*. Such loathsome objects would have com pelled her to ucrcam at any other time, but. to her own astonishment, she viewed them with complete indifference now. The light which the baronet carried pre sently revealed five dosed doors, two on either bHc of the corrMor, and one at it* termination, but it was opposite the second on the left, hand sMo that he came to a stop and, turning a key that was already in the lock, he opened the door and entered thereat. His trife had now to press a hand agnioet her heart to somewhat still its tnmultuous throbbing, for she was afraid that he might even hear it, it beat eo load, or that Bhe might drop down dead from its endden bursting, for her agitation had now reached bis height, because she was about to enter the very room which contained the mystery of mysteries, and that while he — a mnrderer, perhaps — actually tenanted it, engaged in She peered into its interior around the door,' and observed that n huge four- post bedstead, with faded violet velvet hangings, and with great hearse-like eablc plumbs sur mounting each of its corners, stood just within, and she perceived that a couple of Bteps would enable her to slip within the of those curtains, for ther were evidently of No sooner did she conceive the idea than ehc pat it in practice, and then peering timidly from within the frownr, dusty, moth corrupted hanginps, Bhe beheld her husband standing in hie long white night-shirt, and with & face every bit as colorless, in front of a great gothic bureau and bnokcaso in one, which was formed of black oak, and carved au over witn awaits, satyrs, demons, toads, aud serpents. His candlestick was deposited on one of the ledges, and with & foul-looking cloth he waa rubbing away with all Ins might at one of ibe sharp projactinc anpleB of the most are, rubbineGo energetically that great beads of perspiration streamed down his face the while. His eyes were wide open, and gloaming like class in the candle lipht, and his writh ing lips seemed to be muttering agonised appeals, as though to some invisible devil who was compelling him to perform the labnr much against bis will While she gazed at the horrible yet in explicable sight which proved bo entrancing that she could take note of nothing else, a fact which waB destined very shortly to cause hur the greatest remorse and uneasi ness, there came a sharp and sudden sound as of the snapping of a harp string in frosty weather, and so wholly unexpected was it that it compelled her to give utterance to iOBt as Btidden a crv. No sooner had it escaped her than a panic seized upon her, caused by the feaT that her thereto she rushed out of the room and back through the pitch dark passage, never pansing until she reached the gallery, which was faintly illuminated with a glowworm Clegg assassin poniarding hie two little nephews in the alcove in the hall below, though she had noticed no such light while following her husband towards the north winB. She did not stop to take notice of it now, and the time was past when such trival tbiegs could alarm her, eo she eped a awards to her own chamber, reaching which 6be tore off her robe de chambre, hung it up just as it had been before, and creeping into bed pretended to be sound asleep. Hardly had she composed herself into, at all events, a posture of repose, when she heard her husband's returning footsteps, and a minute later he had re-entered the dressing room, returned the key of the north wing to the secret drawer of his bureau, closed it with a metallic snap like that of a pistol with his eyes still staringly wide open, but to his wife's intense relief vacant of all ex pression, placed the candlestick on the toilette table, blown out tho candle, and finally re-entered the bud, where be prescnt ' 1 am safe. 11' suspects nothing !' Lady Howarth now venturei! to think to herself. thoughts, ' I watched him so closely that 1 could open that secret drawer and possess myself of the key of the north wing ; and for Eupjmsing that he has left home for a that it. con Uii nB at all hazards. J feel tuat I shall go mad if 1 do not find it out ; and if it proves to be eo very terrible 1 can flee from him aud from Clegg Hall at once, and neither he nor his vili: oM housekeeper will be able to compel me to come back again.' CHAPTER XXXIV. THE MYSTERIOUS HillPIST WITHIN THE IU0N-11ARUE11 WINDOW. The next morning Bir Harrv looked pale and ill, and affected a cheerfulness which it was no part of Lady Howarth 's plan to give him bo much as tli'i; slightest clue aa to what he had .lone ami elie had seen during the night, for it might have served to put him on his gimril aaJ buggeBi^d to him & way of effectually defeating her curiosity in And might it not alao, she thought, tempt him loiakchi-r life, through the fear that his own was already in her power ? She ha'i hear.l, too. that boggarts were capable of iuEtiHiug the evil of their nature iuto tbc hearts an«i brains of the human beings urniur whose roof-tree they resided, and the fanioms boggart of Clegg' Hall had fur kundimle of years been famed for the malevolence and maliciousness of his dis Ii had been mainly in order to get rid :ind :i iiii:in. r iiirviouelv ; lui ;ill to no av«*il, for the Invert was as much at, home in the new louse as in the old. lie lad ln;:n thu means ot turning Sir Harry's hair white in asingle night, declared the Euauv, and there were verv lew who dis believed* the tale ; ami Lady 'lluwarih now thai, the whitening of her husband's hair bad the boggart hud comjieilcd him to commit, ana bucu a tuing liau unppencd once, what Tb^n she went on to wonder whether it was the boggart who had Htoleo awav Lucy Howarih's riiasoo, and prompted her to the execution of the wuird practical joke of the night before. Whether, too, it was the boggart *ho compelled her husband to visit the north wing in his sleep, and io work bo nmi lionkfithc, and finally, if Dame ] Virol hy wan .iIbu )mnBCEB-.il bv the b--^art, mid i:ven whuthtr fin* wasn't llic boggart Incarnate who hail pnrlia|iH secretly Binin ami nia-lc away with th-: original housekeeper, and then uGEuined all her outer aspect and mien in order luat he might do more evil than ever to the hapless habitants ol CIc-gg HaU. Wii.li these thoughts running riot in her brain it ;S no wonder that Latlr Hogarth was s.6 depressed in spirits as her lord, and made cqnalJv futile attempts to the con trary. Breakfast was thus a kind of game of cross purposes, and both husband and wife Becmed. glad of the opportunity of separating directlr it was over. Sir Harry went straight to bis daughter's room, but dtd not ask his wife to accompany him, and in about a quarter of an hour he came down the wide stairs again, looking even more perplexed and distressed than he had done before, in which frame oE mind he passed close by his wife without even seeing her, and Bhe presently observed him leave the court yard with hii gun and dogs, doubt leas in pursuit of distraction more than of game. How glad would she have been bad some eacb sonrcc ox relief been open to ber. Failing euch, and the very atmosphere of that house of horror seeming to stifle her, she resolved to take a sharp turn to and fro in the garden, for those were days when a hid y dare not walk in the public roads, lanes, or fieldB, alone and unattended without los ing caste. But when gained, the garden seemed as dismal aB the mansion, for the paths were nil weed grown, the beds a wilderness, the shrubs un trimmed and ragged, the leaden EtatucB partly covered with moss, and the once handsome stone fountain a wreck and The air was pure and the sky bright, how* ever, and if the garden flowers were few and degenerated, the wild flowers were many; daffodils blaring away like sons in great irregular clumps, with here and there primroses, violets and buttercups, and blue bells nodding under tue shelter ot tne newiy budding brambles. Lady Howarth walked up and down, with bcr mind soothed by these beauties of nature, even while full of deeper and graver matters, matters which caused her very fre quently to raise bcr eyes to the dim and apparently for years unclcancd upper win llemcmbcring the events of the night before eho shuddered every time she did so, rr-;s°nUy she observed that one of these windows was defended by iron bare, placed very close together, and that it was open to an extent of perhaps half-a-dozen inches, and while she gazed and wondered somewhat at both incidents her surprise was increased to astonishment by hearing the low vibra* tions of a harp, coming, as she felt convinced, rom that verv room. The strains were low, plaintive, and inex pressibly wild and weird in character. Not the slightest trace of tune waB dis tinguishable, but it was as though someone sunk in the lowest depths of melancholy and despair, were trying to communicate his or her very inmost feelings to the quivering harpstrings, and doing so in aa melodious numbers as thoBe breathed by the dying swan in singing Its own requiem. Lady Howarth was not long in coming to the conclusion that none but female fingers could sweep the Btrings with such sad gentleness, and then it all at once struck her what could the wild and melancholy cadence portend, and whose waB the despairing touch that awakened the weird melody ? A thousand nndefinable apprehensions then rushed through the brain of the excited listener, the moBt prominentof which was that the baronet's first wife still lived, and was a helpless captive in those deserted and care fully scenred apartments, and with old Dame Dorothy for her too willing gaoler. Had she not been jealous of this appar ently prematurely aged hag in tne daye w&en; the housekeeper was perhapB a comely and Bhe had had the baronet's own assurance to that effect, as well as that she bad re ceived her death hurt while stealing down a eteep back staircase in the dark in order to watch their movements and their doings. What if ahe had beheld what would bring disgrace and dishonor upon both, and to save his reputation the baronet had buried her alive aB it were in those ever since closely guarded chambers, while a mere dummy corpse had been laid within that white mausoleum under Owl Hill. For the rest, doctors could be bribed, and parsons deceived, and if these suspicions were correct ones the tragic talc would well account tot Dame Dorothy's evidently bitter malignity towards herself, for ehe would set a higher value on her master's lost affection curred in order first to win and next to re tain them. These were horrible and appalling thoughts, but they caused her to resolve more determinedly than ever that she would somehow or other* solve the mystery of the north wing, and if there was a hapless captive there that she would Bet her free, aye, at the ri&t; of her own. yo&ition;, and perhaps her life as well. must be an opposite one Bhe thought to that which she had followed her huehand into the preceding night, but whichever of the five it happened to be she would penetrate to it, that she was determined, and she scouted all idea of fleeing from Clegg Hall until this solemn duty, as she now esteemed it to be, was performed. So much indeed did it fill her mind that she forgot nearly everything else, aye, for the time, even the existence of HalcamuB Greenwood. Her mind was Btill bent on this all absorb' ing theme when Dame Dorothy suddenly came out of the honBe, and advanced along the garden, evidently to meet her, and no sooner had Bhe encountered her than she said in far more gracious tones than usual ; ' The paths arc damp, and your shoes are thin, my lady, and the fires that burn within Olegg Hall are warmer and cheerier than the April eun that BhineB outside ita walla.' ' What is that music, dame, and who is the player?' asked Lady Howarth in reply. ' It comes from within the house, that is very evident.' The old woman listened, canght the sounds, into her face, or at all events her mistress thought eo. A sly Bmilc, however, almost immediately usurjied its place, and she said in oily tones : 'Oh, my lady, it's just the boggart, Hu'a an unfriendly sort of body, and always was ; he prefers the empty rooms to the peopled ones, which, to be sure, is no great loss, since most folk would doubtless prefer his room to his company. Not that he's sae fearsome a boggart to look at ae the black clog of Preston,, that has never a head on its body, and can Bwell itself out as big as a donkey upon occasion, oras the Trash dog of lurnlcv tither. bcini? of human form and face, and mostly given to ill wishing, and not; so much of ill doing.' Lady Howarth thought that the old woman had only introduced the boggart as a bugbear, in order to transfer her thoughts from the real to the ideal ; indeed, a half sneer that played about the corners of the housekeeper's mouth seemed to betoken that she herself despised tbc boggart and all his ways — purtiape because, in the language of the copyslipB, too much familiarity bad bred contempt. Hutu, however, who had not the slightest desire to give the hag a clue to her secret thoughts and designs, listened with attention to all that ehc had (o say, owned that very probably the boggart was the unBeen musician, and then, suddenly cUanging the subject, asked bow Miss Lucy was. ' Dad enough, dear soul, through thinking that she eaw her poor mother's spirit hist cla-i in a flamc-colorcd sutin dress and bent ovurher bed saying, 'Grieve not forme, &weet; child, for I ehall not much longer be companion there, and. then sh^ll not feel the dreadful solitude kr 1 »lo now.' ' As tht; hag concluded she bent on ber beautiful young miHtressa keen and suarch ing Btaru, but Uuth ouly thought, ' She means that I shall join my LmpleBs pre think so too. Ah, 1 eec her design, ehe wishes io frighten me away from Clegg Hall, leaving her its undisputed aud absolute mistress once more. But ehe eball not succeed, at all events until I have attained Then, after a little further convention, she allowed herself to be persuaded to go in [To be Continued Next Wednesday.] A daring act lias been perpetrated in Home, at the church of St. Agostino, which contains a famous image oE the Aladonna- ftUribute.i by Hie 'faithful,' ™ 'moat covered with jcwtslri and precious stones. One morniug when the parish priest wan upening the church door, be beard a rustling in the vicinity of the image of the Madonna, and, after searching, discovered a man, who was trying to hide behind a1 confessional. On the arrival of two gendarmes, the m&n; was searched, and jewels of the value of CO.O00 francs was found upon him. He confessed to having entered the church on the previous evening. 