SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY2 CHAPTER LXII. IN WHICH LANCELOT LEIGH I!SINGS HIMSELF WITHIN MKAbUKABLE DISTANCE OF THE Br Skitp Borlase, Author of " For True Love's Sake," "Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death,"* *As Ocean Secret," •• Recalled to Life," "Bichen to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron?< "The Police Minister, 11 &c.; GALLOWS. Only by three of the soldiers, however, and two of these were almost too tipsy to keep their saddles, but the third was sober enough, for he chanced to be thesergeant. Leigh was the first to observe the flash of scarlet and steel through the duBt-cloud raised by the galloping horses in their rear, and he at once guessed what was up. "We must ride hard, for the redcoats are after as," be exclaimed excitedly, at the same time putting spurs to his nag. "Nay," said Stranraer, as he followed his example, " I must die hard, but why should you plant your foot in a hole not of yonr own digging? I beseeoh you to be satisfied with the good eervioe which you have already rendered me, and which I shall remember with gratitude all my life through, bet not to hazard Ions years of imprisonment by allying yourself with me any longer. See, there is a bridle-path branching off to the left— follow it quickly, and depend on it that our pursuers will bestow all their attentions upon me." "If I were to desert you in so brazen a fashion and at so dire a pinch—you a etranger in a strange land—hanging, "drawing, and quartering would be too good for me. Besides ali that, I've promised Lady Stranraer to see you safely through the present difficulty, and I deem any promise given to her a sacred one, notwithstanding that she is lost to me for ever," answered Lancelot Leigh with an air of sullen determination. This brief colloquy took place whilst the two young men were dashing onwards at full speed, and Stranraer, olearly perceiving that his companion's resolution was not to be shaken, briefly thanked him, and then forabore from further speech. Indeed, it was no time for indulgence is conversation, because they had to try every trick they knew of in order to get away from their foes, though after all they proved as unavailing as Reynard's in the fable, for their pursuers neared them rapidly, notwithstanding that the rat-tailed horse proved that he had speedin him, although he " roared" fearfully whilst tearing along at full gallop. But the three soldiers bad shot ahead of their companions 1 , beoatiBe the horses whioh they bestrode were well-bred hunters, who had even run in county races. They bad requisi- tioned them from a gentleman's stable, and to them owed the fact that as far as they were concerned thp present "stern chⅇ" was not destined to prove also a "long chase," according to proverbial rule. Indeed. Houghton Church tower was still half a mile distant in their front when the fugitives were overtaken and threatened with instant death if they did not at onoe surrender themselves prisoners. " My companion has done nothing to render himself liable to arrest," said Stranraer. "Let him go his way in peace, and I will give you my sword." he added, but drawing the weapon as he spake, because the sergeant wa« edging bis horse towards him in a menaoing kind of way. But as the disguised chief did this one of the other soldiers plucked forth a pistol and presented it at his head with the exolamation— " You are worth as much dead as you are living, my game cock, so here goes to avenge those you sent to kingdom come l&Bt; night, one of whom was my brother." Then it was that Lancelob Leigh, noticing that the fellow was shutting one eye, as though to take better aim with the other, whilst bis forefinger was in the act of curling around the trigger of his levelled weapon, whipped a pistol out of his own pooket, and quick as thought shot bim through the head, the soldier instantly falling dead under his horse'e feet. At the same moment the sergeant attempted to cut Stranraer down, who, avoiding the head stroke by a quick swerve in the saddle, retorted before bis assailant could recover his guard, by running him through the body. Thereupon he also fell dead, when perceiving that he was left unsupported, the third soldier wheeled sharp round and dashed baok to join the next batch of his advanoing comrades as fast as ever bis horse could carry him. "Come along," said Stranraer then to his companion, " we are, alas, in the same boat now. I wish to heaven, though, that I had surrendered myself prisoner a trifle quioker. for then I should have saved your life instead , of-y«u.tniiie,, wluph. wjus. already forfaited to. tVii Uwfc, Kn«1 of vjJjje. How67er, what's done can't be undone." "True enough, and I presume that I did reeve m noose for my own neck by Bhooting that fellow; nevertheless, 111 dodge it from dropping over my head as long ob ever I can, ind as for troubling my conscience about the matter, why it was a fair shot, and I, at all events, preserved a noble life at the cost of a bane one." He did trouble his conscience about the matter notwithstanding, for it was the first time that he had shed the blood of a felloworeature, and it would therefore have been iittle to his credit had it not caused him an acute pang. Little recked he of his own danger, for be thought far more of the dead man, vaguely wondering as to who and bow many near and dear ones he had left to mourn him—yes, even to the 6Kolusion of all consideration as to whether he would himself succeed in escaping the consequences of what he knew to be a hangable offence. Five minutes later Houghton was reached and dashed into at breakneck speed. Before the door of the principal inn—in- deed, the only one that was in any way deserving of the name—a couple of horses were being led up and down by a stable boy. One was equipped with a man's and the other with a lady's saddle. "We will appropriate those horses, for they are just what we want. Your nag wouldn't carry you a mile further, for bis foam is flecked with blood already. A threat, hacked up by a levelled pistol, will frighten that lout into surrendering them up without even daring to raise an outcry about the matter. Can you manage to control the pair ? If so one will do for Rose when we overtake her." "I'll manage them all right enough," answered Leigh. "Then be it my task to overawe the lad, for your appearance happens to be more comic thnn tragic," eaid Stranraer. The eoheme was carried into execution almost as quickly as it had been conceived. The stable boy opened his mouth almost wide enough to have swallowed the pistol that was presented at his head in addition to the bullet which it oontained. But the yawning orifice emitted no sound, nor when he had delivered up both steeds, and Leigh had dashed away on the back of one and leading \- the other, leaving Mrs. Bailey's rat-tailed Roman-nosed "roarer" by way of exchange, did hn do anything but stare after them until both Leigh and Stranraer were out of sight and out into the open country again at one and the same time. Five minutes later they overtook Rose, rented on a milestone, whioh, however, ehe had only just reached. Alliance showed her thatsomething terribly exciting, if not positively dreadful, had happened to both men since she had left them in the garden of the little inn at Walton-Ie-dale; but she forbore from asking them any question*, snd looked aB cheerful as she waB able to do whilst suffering from such torturing apprehensions and poignant curiosity. Stranraer at once sprang to the ground and lifted her on to the back of the spare horse. At the same moment he took note of what seemed to be an ex-tensive wood lying a little to their left, and reaohable by crossing a couple of fields. "It we could only get within that thick cover before our pursuers sight us," he •whispered to Leigh, " we might be snug all day there, and travel again through the ensuing night. You see neither your nor my wife's appearanoe are in character with these horses and their equipments, and every one would therefore take special note of you two as we passed along, whioh would give ,the red coats, and you may depend on it there are a lot more of them after us, an easy trail to follow ub up by, and so, no matter how far we succeeded id distancing them, they would be sure to run us to earth at last." "Most true,"assented Lancelot,and your suggestion is therefore a capital one. Come, we will act upon it at once." Th» field gate was open, so that there was no oocaoion to leap it, and, better still, the erase within was literally ploughed up with horses' hoof dents, pointing in all directions already, eo th&~ those ot their own steeds would not be distinguishable among so many. Olocing the gate behind them, and prudently fallnpine along under the scrc-en of the high hedge, they got through a gap in the orosslmdge into the next field, and the/i sped on to the wood, which they successfully entered through another hedge gap. Scarcely were they well in amongst the trees when, od glancing back to the road whioh they had just quitted, they beheld a couple of batches of their pursuers dash along it at a gallop in quick succession without even looking : towards either fields or wood, and then there presently hurried on in the same direction a noisy rabble from out the village of Hoghton, doubtless in order to bo the first to behold the horsestealers as they only knew them as yet to be, brought back prisoners by the militarv. VI knowtbi6woodnow,"sa:d Lancelot Leigh presently, "it is of vast extent,nud by making nur way through it inn south-easterly direction, we shall in the course of an hour get out upon a rtnjre of high and barren moors, on which we may not encounter a siacrls indi- vidual for a clear spin of fifteen miles, until, in ehort, ye reach Shuttleworth Hill and look down on Rochdale, our journey's end. As I can steer by the stars, and it promises to be a clear night, we had better lie snug until night comes, for it would not be prudent to attempt to reach our destination before both Rochdale and Castleton were locked in slumber, because, although the old house in Ghost Lano stands solitary enough, the crossing of the river will oblige us to skirt the town very closely before wo can reach it. However, thanks be, our position is not nearly so desperate as five minutes ago I was inclined to believe." . " I am very glad to hear you say so, and as to the mere hardships of the situation, why the nights are now almost as warm as the days, so that save for the matter of hunger we shall be able to manage very well," responded Stranraer. "And I don't think that we shali suffer even from that," Eobo added quickly and cheerfully, "for just see wliatkmd thoughtful Mrs. Bailey stocked my basket with ere she suffered me to quit the inn." Then, lifting up its snowy oovering, she revealed a small loaf of bread, half a cheese, a piece of boiled bacon, a pat of butter, and a bottle of wine. So the fugitives tethered their horses to the trees, and prepared to spend the day as best they could; and there we will leave them in order to revert to the fortunes, or rather the misfortunes, of our other characters; nor shall we again return to those of Rose and her companions until they also have reached Roohdale, when the interest of our story will culminate in the mysteries and exciting incidents that take place at the old bouse in . Ghost-lane and elsewhere. 