ABOVE THE SPEAKER SKETCHES TS PARLIAMEHT. Br TntorHECB. " Ximotbeos placed on high," "Ministers do not lead," a the current charge against the Goremment. This is consequent upon the affair of Mr. Speaker's salary, and of the Government accepting de feat as though really a snob .does not matter. After a faux pat of this <J^. scription a lot of talk always goes on about possible new combinations. The rumours do not appear, however, to disquiet the gentlemen on the Treasury They have one comforting formula, which they have repeated often enough no doubt to convince themselves of its correctness. " \ Ministry cannot be formed by Sir James Patterson. No Ministry can be formed without Sir James Patterson." Both pro positions are plausible, and yet neither may be true. This much is certain, that if the Govern ment were to make anything of a big mis take it would find that it had very few of those tbick-and-tbin supporters whom all Ministers have to rely upon to tide over emergencies. The independent members care for the Government very little, the Labour Comer merely countenances it for its own purposes. The Government might become a strong party—though it would for the moment lose office if it boldly threw in its lot with the labour members. Or it could become a strong party in office if it took up with the Opposition Comer which is quite ready to aay, "jBe con siderate to our views and you will get our votes." But Ministers are afraid to take the one course, and they do not like to adopt the other. They prefer to decry and deny the labour alliance, but to promise the labour measures and then to postpone the promise as long as possible. Thus they cannot go straight and Btrong. They can only wobble. The surprising thing about Mr. Speaker's salary was the defeat of the effort to increase it Appeals to the Government to give the money were natural enough. Mr. Speaker includes among his warm personal friends the Minister who is the most active of the Cabinet gronp and the member who is the most influential Ministerial supporter. When the reduction was first carried one of these gentlemen is said to have spoken "cuss" words, to the intense astonishment of one and all, no one sus pecting the existence of so mnch feeling. Besides, on other grounds the audience were as astonished as were the good people who assembled in Paris to hear the clever parrot Beut by the Holy Sisters repeat the prayers he had learned from them, and who were treated instead to the naughty words which the bird had picked up on his long way to the city from the rude batgees. That these Wends should press the Speaker's claim was to be expected, but that the Government should go on without ascertaining whether members were prepared to reverse their votes or to help by kindly stopping away was the unexpected. When notice was given of the increase the belief was that members had been squared. It turned out that they had not even been approached, and when at laBt they were consulted not one of them would Btir, " We cannot afford to offend our con stituents " was the general reply. The net result is that the Government has all the odium of spending an evening in trying to increase a high B&iary;, and has all the dis credit of a surrender. To be found out was the first reproach when the Spartan essayed to steal. To be defeated after going out of their way to make a special effort is the slur upon the Government. Mr. Longmore's declaration tb&t; the Op position were keen for the redaction from motives of revenge is very like Mr. Long more, and is wholly unfounded. Dr. Scott, who proposed die motion, sits in theGorern ment Corner. And had a division been taken the dozen members who voted with Ministers would have been half labour men and half Opposition members. The country mem bers as a whole, and the balance of the labour members, constituted the majority. Mr. M'Kentie made the point that the reduction was first ordered before the tariff difficulties were thought, of, but aa Mr. Longmore listened to these and other disavowals his famous—and fatuous—pitying smile deepened. He is not to betaken in. The saying is attributed to the divine pascal that the greatest happiness belongs to the man who cauutter the words "J believe." But the member for Dandenong seems to get a re markable amount of satisfaction oat. of the phrase " I suspect." Mr, Longmore, it is said, will have a run for his seat at any new election. Dandenong hooks on to Brighton, and Mr. Bent is understood to have marked the electorate as his. The two candidates will he a contrast. Mr, Longmore is far and away first in the capacity" of telling people how they have been robbed and wronged in the past But Mr. Bent ; is not to be approached in the art of framing a magnifi cent future. She Octopus Bailway Act wiih a line for everyone, wasbis.'soihat,apart from his investments, he has some claim to considered as the father of the boom. Mr. Longmore will pledge himselfto thfiflectora that they shall all be revenged, and Mr. Bent will go boil that every man shall he enriched. The good citizen might say "neither for choice," but the indifferent betting man would prefer the chanoes of the ex Speaker. pte cjy against high salaries is in full swing jutt now. Yet it is a mere playing to the galleries, Mr. Irvine exposed the boJloH - nesa of the agitation whw bp pointed ont JWdinaty salaries ;p*»,d|tot/3Bitimatte amonntto £3.700,000, andaalariesabove £500 peraannmtooiUy £26,000. Humaaexperienoo |b to the effect that thte Cheapest wayof con ducting a service is to have a few big prizes which all may hope to win. A lottery with £100 prizes would not go off, and a lottery with a £30, CJ00 prize does, And life is a lottery. You cannot save materially by cutting down high salaries, for the same reason that you cannot get much wool from black sheep there being so few of them. But the only requisite for a cry is that it should catch on. There is no occasion, however, to rnsh into the opposite extreme which, to the astonishment of his friends, was advocated by Mr. G. D. Carter. The member for South Yarra, Mr. Rogers, who preaches that ex travagance. is economy and that ex penditure is income, seems to have converted his eminent constituent. The idea is that we can pay the Speaker £2,000 per an num and the Governor £20,OOOper annum, be cause it all comes back—all beiDg spent amongst us. One did think that the doctrine that the spendthrift is a good man for a com munity had been long exploded. The good old rule may be safely followed that theman should be paid according to his worth, and that the post should be salaried according to its dignity. Anything below these sums is either sweating or stinginess, and a penny above is waste. The Mallee Bill recalls ghosts irom the tomb. It revives the old issues of the selec tion battle. Most people have learned some thing, but not one party—the party which was originally voiced i>y Charles Jardine Don and is now represented by Mr. Prender gast. These politicians cut a capital coat, one which they Bay ought to fit the farmer, and if it does not fit that is the farmer's fault. He has just got to adapt him Belf to it. The force and fluency of Mr. Prendergast's two hours' speech were wonder ful. Of course one heard all the hon. mem ber had told audiences in the towns a hundred times, and, no doubt, it has been a hundred times applauded to the echo with all its points of a conspiracy in which bankers, mortgagees, and Ministers join to take away the land from its real owners—the good people of the cities. " I don't want to go upon the land myself," sayB Mr. Prendergast; " but if you give the freehold now, what is there left for my grandchildren ? " Mr. Pren dergast iB quite willing that a referendum should be taken on the issue of no free hold. True, the mallee settlers (who under stand the subject) would vote the one way, but the townspeople (who may not under stand the subject) would go the other; and surely, says Mr. Prendergast, with a majority against them, the mallee settlers would acknowledge that they are in th'e wrong I All people are on exhibition some time, giants, dwarfs, princes. A mallee farmer, a j mallee storekeeper, a mallee mortgagee j might with advantage be Bccured for show in the Queen's-hall, in order that Mr. Prender gast ard his.friends might pinch, stroke, and question, and might realise how very different the real men are from the curious and dangerous creature whom they want cleared out, as more of a pest than the rabbits. But there are practical members in the House, and the practical speeches of Mr. A. Anderson and Mr. Langdon are listened to, and are the antidote to all the folly. The mallee settlers will get the right termB. 