AMONGST THE BOOKS. LITERARY GOSSIP. A Veldt Official, published by j. and Bowden, is one of tboe daubing - -oriea South African adrenture in which Mr. >- Mitford excels. He writes whu knowing 0i the localities, and he has a quick -. for S-Dll tion, but it is almost impossible c. tain element of sameness in tbi3 kind of nsrra tive. Mount Devolution, by W. Cariton Dawe published by Cauell and Co., i< an Australia ' romance, in which the well won; iLc;den- 1 the Kelly bushrangiog episode t« furnish exciting material to a -t-rr which i some w bat improbable in its plot, and which does not exhibit any very strikicz powers of description. Tbe bushranger in real life u. never been a heroic individual, and there i« artistic error in striving to surround him with a misleading glamor of false sentimeDt. Chat man' Magazine , received through Geo, Robertson and Co., contains a variety of fictionsl matter, bat its short stories will require to reach a higher level of merit to equal the standard in other magazines. The Microbe of Pesiimiim by an unknown writer, is sketchy, and the humor in Stockton's Bi-sbop's Ghost and the Printer's Baby is weak. Nor is there much in The Rousing of Eve Garland, bv Richard Pryce. Young Lochinvar, by Flora" A Steele Lanamuiiog picture of child marriage in India- and Hi Brother's Keeper, by Gissiug, contains an element of pathos. The detective story by George Ira Brett is prosaic. The serial stories by Bret Harte, S. R. Crockett an-i Violet Hutu promise well. The Iron Pirate, by Max Ptrr.berton, pub lished by Cassell and Co., is one- of those tbril- I ling stories of tbe Jules Verne order wherein I imagination is allowed to di»place prosaic fact I and things impossible under existing condi- I tions are presented a3 though they are. The I central idea of the tale, however, is of I a striking character. Assuming that an I it on clad steamer of extraordinary strength I and velocity could be constructed, the hatocihp I could work on the met chant «bij<piog of the I world could hardly be overstated. This ii the I 1 theme which Mr. Pemberton has elabouted in I bis own manner, and whatever may be urged I against tbe improbabilities of his tale, it cannot I be said tbat the incidents are no: exci:iog. I By Adxtrte IFinds, by OHphant Smeatoo, I issued by Olipbant, Anderson and Ferrler, | Edinburgh, is a story wherein colonial intere-t I will be excited, not oDly through tbe fact that 1 the scene is partly laid in Australia, but in i I measure also to the introduction therein of t I few of the author's own eiprriencei 8 We are hardly overstraining a irgitimiu 8 conclusion in assuming the rale to be I one of autobiographical reminiscence, with f a natural inclination to etherealue some j of the passages. There is a weaknm I shown in the construction of tbe story, and lb | style is vitiated by the terrible rednndaoejof I quotation, but making allowance for their I defects, which the author should be cap- I able of avoiding in the future, tbm I are points of merit not undescrvin; I of recognition. The gradual detvrioraliin I of moral fibre arising from tbe deb&iemcct; I of natural gifts is depicted with a cerliio I degree of force, and if greater condensation Lil I been exercised, and tbe study elaborated with I closer attention to reality, the character of I Robert Armitage would have gaioed in lhit>; vigor. As it is, there is much that is unres! and sentimental in tbe conception. Re colonial scenes, while exhibiting a knofflege cf local surroundings, do not display any viri-j grasp of tbe Mtuatioo, and the description d political and journalistic life is cotamcu- place. The JUvicte of Revicwt for July, in its rebui of the month's events, lends its aid to the du- semination of (danders Against the quality" Victorian manufactures. It seem to be contest to accept Mr. Graves as an authority on the subject. An article is contributed by the Ret Dr. Fitchett, Dean of Dunedin, on musician and musical taste in New Zealand, whertintli principal aim appears to be to show that ttr colony can present little claim to the poise-wc of either. Nevertheless, a number of ww celebrities are depicted photographically tbeir abilities trumpeted. Football in M Zealand is also given extended .-pace. J" English version supplies an interesting #hctcuw Sir James Stansfield, an earnest Radical Btunj man whose abilities and chaiacter have menw a higher appreciation than they have recta v In early life be was an intimate fn« of Mazzini, Kossuth and oilier tow patriot, and his association with tcto at one time brought bim into wjj political trouble. -Mr. Stead, in his notes oo 0»car Wilde case, makes an astounding ( > against English public schools which, ii tdcre a shadow of truth in the statements, snow e investigated to tho uttermost, E A Vagabond fn Spain, by C. Bojjue Luuff _ Ej (published by John Murray), | interesting reoord of travel oomlutf tea I" B liues whieh carry the reader outside tt dinary guide book route. Mr. LuffmanOi K it may be mentioned liea made Austral m home, determined upon seeing the ianu a H people of Don Quixota through ms ® ' With thia idea, like a pilgrim of old, ne " forth provided .imply with staff ami «»» F, pared to trudge hia way onward, "?u , for support to tbe kindness and a'"" might reoolve.on the road. t truth a tramp, living the life m 'l'a' , " The vagrant'. rent-houBO was my on J :j the eucoour doled out by the "'t"'1'® . ' moans of sustenance." The u.,u' , „„mtii one requiring muoh determination nn powers of endurance. But Mr. .ti persevered in the taak he lino self, and wandered through np" , m. tance of 1500 miles alone end h"?"",,' j)s out u single inteiruption or in» description of Ilia ndventuies i» .he cot' instinct with humorous acceptance u ditiona. He found much tn admiro |s and a great deal to appreciate in the ; Mtn a and customs of the people. From Jj in which he set about gaining his m Sir. Luffmnnn's book is moio veracioii | many travelleis' tales. 