**« AnsHoui Hl.fcPl> inlbe •Km! ATS33£a*TQ5. The laQsd fiu*hop«f Adelaide, 3»r. I farmer, .attended wins aoting jChaptin.j >e£»v. W- 3. Baasefl,*nd the Bev. S. S. ! MiUiciieff, iocamheot.«f the conjoined I Churchee afBobe aud Kingston, visited | bordsbip was met he tbe afternoon half way between the ham townships by .Mr. Ceo. Rutherford and Mr. W. w. PincheB, with a four-in-Usad team, at which his lordship expressed gnat pleasure, it being -bis fint «xperieude of the bin in the colony. • At thC Beryioe in the evening, which was attended by sla^ge congregation. his Lord ship first addressed'the font candidates for joonfinnation ^tRoiadiea and two gentle men), on the difgitt of the rite of con firmatjon handed down from thb earliest dapB of Christianity—first by. tfie Apost ies, and; afterwards by the" B ishops of the Church as bidding the highest place in the priesbao<b Be pointed out that it embraced two awes of candidates, vis., those who as inmate had been iiaptised intetbe dwrab ^ ?England and - woo by their poblie profession undertook i b parry oat the promises made.'far them b.r their sppnaers, and, those who having rirtived at the years of discretion had deteihnmod , to throw in their iot with this par ticular branch of tfaeChristian Church. In:»Reak iag of thk rite and of floty Communion, towhieb' itsraa the privilege ofthtr'iXS&di; " "d* 'tobe confirmed to _be, admitted^ his nbh^ p^tM dut tb^ it ^as ttAs i Wy cistanebve bend^ uwoo,wlu<di balonVW to the Christian Chqrches and t<* %p afpartuCttoworstd^of aloiMt^i-'fbrtnh « religion. His Lordship save a uiost solemn charge tothe candidates auitf to the Chnreh generally', pointing 9ht tfaat *•«* position of eaoh member was. that' o/ tidier, and as a soldi e rsbonld taks care -tbat.be waa always.'prepared for combat, jnoa^mwadjrin these times of question ing, aad in order to' make him or herself efficT " icient it was dearaMn- that a more anfsl stod; should be-made of Holy Scripture ami of books relating thereto. In spearing of the .outward form of the bgdqr on of jumdt, the Bishop Spoke most •ernestlyofthe power of theRoly libit to aid <in the battleof Jife, bat be desired the candidates not te .be disap pointed if tbeydid not feet immediate spi ritual elevab onras men were so differ ently constituted that in. some the emotional pigment (which he did not des pise SbS help to religion) Was more pre - domioantthan mothers. Heurged the candidates khatbememberadE the Church generslIyto?be above alt things regular, regular lnattendance iti Church, at their -daily, .prayers, and.' especially at Holy Communion, and with regatxi td.tbeir prayers to remember that not only were, ware thay addressing their supplications JU> "Oar Father," but also to "Onr -Father which art in Heaven," and consider ing the carefal preparation that would be. to - an - address to- an earthly sovereignhaw much more ehonld wa be careful in' preparing: pur - petition*. to Almighty God. Hedeprecated indefi nite petitions. ...At the conclnskmof this most impress! re ad dress, his L»ordsbip pronounced the Benediction, add fhe general congregation having dispersed, the wardens ana officer* af the Cbarch wero .eeverally introdueed; - HsLordabipleft for Narraooorto by the early train on Fri ATNARBAOOOETE. The Bev. Dr. Harmer, the Anglican Bishop of Adelaide, arrived at Narra-1 coorte from Kinjpjtpti-by ordinaiytrainj on Friday morning, Novembiw'fi, accom panied by the' Ber. W.: J, Btrsseli -^acting chaplin), and-the' Bev. 8. 8. Moncriefl Xincomnent of Bobe'and Etoptot^'Thuj being the'first visit of the Bishop to] Narracoprte.be was during tip. moving] conducted over the Chdrcb property and ; then made a -tonr of the town,'riMSing; sscmong other - places of-interest the Agri cultural Society's show grounds, which , hlsoxontain the public recreation gronnd. j His .Lordship expressed himself? au ] [lighted with the general appearance of ' our town, and considered; the Inhabitants ! were fortunate inhavjng auch a be&ufci-j; f ally situated - public recreation ground. - He also looked into the flower -show , which was beiugheldiuthe AgaicaltunrL] Hall that morning. Ib the afternoou-in? of t£e ^hnrch he' tw^ a visit to the-j Caves. Qn Friday cvenipg the Bishop con ducted a confirmation service lin8& Paul's Cbanib before* Uw .congregatkw, as sisted py the?£U>T. Basse!!. .Six candidate? . were presented for [ con firmation. Prior;, to j.admini8teriag;; .the: vows and; the,.; 1 laying . on ?bf hands " the Bishop delivered an address explanatory of the 'rite of confirmation. It. was an ancient iustitujipn promised, .from the earliest/times by the patriarchs. Its principal object was to convey a bless iug,accompamea by the etrengthenTbjrof the resolve, to continue in Well-doing. He raferredto numerous instances in the Old Testament w.bere the" layingon of hands? was* rite practised by the Jews, ana he passages from the New Testament. to ebov.] that'it was* rite practised by the eariy Christians fie toUched on the ggfl functions * the: Ghost^>fe tlu .days Pentecost this mysterious, ptrirerbad alwaysworked in© od's people; and when ohanoh solemn occasions as that [night men and .women came forward in ■the presence xf the congregation to ask a blessing through the power of the?Holy. .Gjbast snd to. renew Jthe .vows made fbr them at theirbaptism when they "bad oome to years of discretion-it was bo idle .or empty ceremony. One of. the great advantages ofthiaretemohywas having to' undergo a course of preparatioii Ana ^tKation in the creed of "the Cbafch. .They?maae thfir. vdwa'undefno spell- pf [they? uudertMhta courreof' w migion.?'After admjSiater oonfirmatidn in thsnshal rdship ddifered another the respoD^ujuitire wnd -dntiea wBich devplyed upon them jut Soldiers of OhVUt fighting against evil; Hfe *sktd 'tbCin to realise in bnmbleneea, yet witk joyful thahkf plnese. to God,_ that- they had'the promise of foigivenem of wis; thst they had <to he-brave and courageous in resist ing temptation; and that in order- toJLve a Godly jifc it was. necessary that they Should practice self examination. ?* 'Al the close of the service ananriouoce rnent was made that the Bishop desired to meet the members of the Church'ib; the schoolroom .immediately after Ahe' service tb ddhsulf with' them on filling the vacancy in -the -inctimbency.- A huge sumber oc ths oongregation attended the meeting, which- was an inform^ one. The BMiop explained to them there was soma difScalty. in getting a . suitable -minister, for, the distnet,. and he .Wonld .like to hew thmr. views'on'the kind of [nun they require^. A nninmr of mem hera of the congregation give their views on the matter. The Bishop Said that he wonld consult with the congregations at Border Town and Wolseley and with the Ofgamong. missionary chaplin, and no doubt be Wonld epaeaily be able to sp point a snUable inan to take charge of tne district The Bishop held a service at 8. o'clock on Saturday morning, when. Holy Com munion was administered; and bp left by train for Border Town the same morning. He held services in the Border Town Chhrch" on Sunday both morning and evening; and at Wolseley on fionday afternoon, The first half mile in the Helbounie Cup was run in. 53 sec., the second in 52 sec., the third in 53 sec., and the last iu |-61 sac. " '' 