Short Trip from Rome to the Holy Laud* In 1893 (bt bev. J. SHERIDAN, P.P.) (iContinued.) The Church of the Holy Sepulchre, con tinued - the Greeks - Armenians > Copts Syrians-Nestorians-Tower of David- House of Annas-Armenian Oenvent and Oathedral-House of Caiphns. Everything in this magnificent temple tends to generate devotion. A solemn Moom bangs over everything. The myriads of glimmering lamps suspended before avery shrine by their sombre light add a mysterious effect. The powerful organ away on the gallery, the cymbals of the Abyssinian, the peculiar prayer of the solitary Armenian, the strange accents of the Greek Oaloyer, the plaintive tones of the Coptic friar, or the mysterious anoient notes of the grave Syrian, separately, or all together, day and night resound in the ears of the astonished pilgrim, and, unless his heart be one of. steel or adamant, he must give way even for a short time to inspirations of devotion, repentance and love. A. word about the different doctrines held by the above-mentioned sects in possession of the holy places may not be oat of place here before quitting Calvary. The Greeks, who number about foar thousand in the whole city, were one with the Catholio Church until the 9th century. Photius, a Catholic bishop, refused sub mission to the ruling of the Sovereign Pontiff, and assumed all the authority of an Eastern Patriarch. He was excom municated, and died in exile without repentance. His doctrines are now pro fessed throughout the whole of Russia and most of the Turkish empire. They are only different from ours in one or two essential points. We hold that the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father and the Son; the Greeks, that He prooeeds from the Father only. We use unleavened bread at Mass; they use leavened. We teaoh the existence of a Purgatory; they teach the existence of two hells, out of one of which there is redemption. We offer prayers for the dead; they do the same. We have seven Saoraments; they have the same number. We believe in tran aubstantion; so do they. We teaoh a detailed confession of sin3 before Com munion ; they do the same. We venerate the Blessed Virgin and the Saints; so do they. We celebrate fliass in Latin; they celebrate in Greek. Our Religious Orders live in community under rule ; BO do the Greek Monks lead a similar life, and, if anything, even with greater severity. We acknowledge the Pope supreme head of the Church; they refuse that submission, but acknowledge the Patriarch of Constanti nople as their Supreme Spiritual head. The Armenians in the 6th Century broke off their allegiance to the Pope and formed a Church of their own, They maintain that there is only one nature in Christ; we hold there are two. They hold with the Greeks that the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father only-not from the Father and Son, that Baptism mast be given by three sprinklings and three immersions, that no water is to be mixed with wine for consecration in the Mass, that leavened bread must be used, that the consecrated host must be dipped in the preoiouB blood before giving to the faithful, that extreme unction is only to be given to ecclesiastics-and that after death, and that Saints and the Blessed Virgin are to be honored and venerated. They celebrate mass in the Armenian language, and at night only. Their Monks live together in communities, under the rule of St. Bazil. They number about 510 altogether in the City. . The Copts broke off from us in the 5th. century, at the same time as the Armenians. They deny the prooession of the Holy Ghost from the Father and the Son. They anoint everyone who goes to confession before they receive holy communion. They celebrate maBB in their own language, and of course, like all the others, deny the supremacy of the Pope. There are only about 100 souls, all told, in the city. The Syrians broke off from us about the same period. They of course, like the others, deny the supremacy of the Pope, and that the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father and the Son. They venerate the B. Virgin and Saints, and use only painted images of them. There are only about fifteen altogether in Jerusalem. The Nestorians fell away from us in the 6th century. They hold, contrary to Catholic teaching, that there are two persons in Jesus Christ, as well as two natures. The supremacy of the Pope was, of course, also rejected, but the other doctrines are much the same as ours. Their number is very small; I do not know exactly how many they are. _ It appears from history that about forty six years after the destruction of Jerusalem by Titus the Christians obtained permission to rebuild the Church which was originally erected over the sacred tomb of their Saviour, and to enclose with walls the other Bacred spots held in deep veneration around the hill of Calvary. In some time after wards the Pagans destroyed all those build ings, and in their stead erected a statue of Jupiter over the tomb of Our Lord, another of Venus where the Cross stood, and a grove to Adonis over the Cave of Bethlehem where Christ was born. The present majestic basilica dates back to the days of Constantino, some sixteen hundred years 8go, It ig about ono hundred paces long by sixty wide, and contains no less than thirteen or fourteen sanotuaries, consecrated by the devotion of millions of people for thousands of years. It is truly a large, lofty, spacious building, displaying much fiublime grandeur but little beauty. Tall, slender pillars, closely grouped together, support the extensive roof. But the reli giouB gloom that pervades every nook and corner, above everything else, seems to have a most profound effect upon the weary pilgrim who comes here to feast his curio sity cr rest his weary soul. My next walk is down David-street. To my right is the " Tower of David," fre quently mentioned in Holy ^Vrit and dating its origin back to the days of the Jebusites. Aooompanied by my indispensable guide, I entered the doorway, and found that the whole blesped place was used as a Turkish barracks, and was full of dirty Mahommedan soldiers, sleeping in huts here and there from its base to its summit. I was shown David's Oratory, from which, according to tradition, he saw Bethsabee, and where, in his after life, he repented for his sin in fasting, weeping, and praising the mercy ol God by his psalms on his psaltery. It was then full of soldiers, lying on dirty bags on the floor in all directions, without any re gard to order or cleanliness. Here I felt myself face to face with the various circum stances related in the eleventh and twelfth chapters of the 2nd Book of Kings. From this chamber I was pointed out where Urias lived at the time of the fall of David by his twofold crime. On returning once more to David-street, I find on my left a Protestant Church- the only one in Jerusalem-built on the site of Herod's Palace, where he received the Magi or wise men who came from the East to adore Our Lord. The Bishop's house is close by, from whioh His Lordship rules all branches of the Anglican Church throughout Egypt, Syria, and Asia Minor. For some time England and Prussia united in sup porting the Bishop, and each in turn had the right of nomination to the vacancy. This arrangement soon became imprac ticable, and England took the whole management into her own hands of all appointments and supervision. Not far from this is the spot where onoe stood a 1 chapel marking where Our Lord after His resurrection appeared to the three Maries. In the 28th chapter of St. Matthew we read that 8\. The women went out quickly from the Bepulchre, with fear and great joy, running to tell His disciples. 9\. And, behold I Jesus met them, saying, " All hail I" but they came up and took hold of His feet and adored Him. 10\. Then Jesus said to him, " Fear not. Go tell my brethren that if they go into Galilee, there they Bhall see me. My next visit was to the house of Annaa, the High Priest before whom Our Lord was brought when taken by the Jews m the Garden of Gethsemani. The eighth chapter of St. John says Id. And they led Him away to Annas first, for he was father-in-law to Oaiphas, who was the High Priest of that year. 14\. Now, Caiphas was he who bad given the counsel to the JewB that it was expedient that one man should die to save the people. 19\. The High Priest therefore asked Jesus of His disciples and of His doctrine. - 20\. Jesus answered him : " I have Bpoken openly to the world. I have always taught in the synagogues and in the temple. 21\. "Why askest thou Me? Ask them who heard Me what I have spoken unto them. Behold I they know what things I have said." 22\. And when He had Baid these things one of the officers standing by gave Jesus a blow, saying, " Answerest Thou the High Priest so." Here all in a moment I found myself in the little ohapel, on the spot where theBe interrogations and insults took place. I could not realise the fact until long after, wards, so much did I feel carried away by the sanctity of the locality. Here stood the house of Annas. It was during this exam ination that Peter was accosted by the servant girl, and charged with being a Gallilean, when in reply he declared on oath that he did not know the man. This was his first denial. Olose by is an Armenian College, whioh I visited under the guidance of my dragoman, Abraham Gandour. He simply went up to the door of the study-hall without any ceremony whatever, opened it and walked in. I followed, and felt any thing but comfortable on seeing before me the full of the room of Armenian monks en gaged at their studies. We walked around the whole interior, during whioh 1 had ample opportunity of seeing what they were doing. Some were engaged in copying and drawing, others at algebra and arithmetic, whilst a large number were busy in writing Greek, Hebrew, and the Syrian languages. Amidst the piles of unsightly old stone buildings crowded together all over the summit of this famous Mount Zion is the Armenian convent said to be built on the ruins of the house of Oaiphas. I here went into the prison out out of the solid rook, about 6 feet Bquare, wherein Jesus was con fined for a couple of hours during the night of his passion. There is no furniture of any kind except an altar. The spot is shown here where Peter stood when he denied Christ, and where he was standing when the oock crew as the Bignal for his repent ance. I saw here the circular stone, some what resembling a millstone on a small scale, whioh enclosed the Bepulchre, but was rolled aside by the angel, on Easter Sunday morning. Yes, it was here 11 That Annas carefully bis cause bad tried, Had judpi'd it, clearly prov'd, and now relied On Caipbas the sentence to decide. It was this year saw Annas' title pass To Caiphas, now chiefest of his class, But void of priestly worth as sounding brass. So Jesus stood before His own high priest, Jesus-in whom the.Jewish priesthood ceased, Himself the victim of the Paschal feast, Peter meanwhile irresolute and cowed, Anxious from curious eyes himself to shroud, And pass unrecognised among the crowd With a disquietude he fain would hide, The standers-by with many a question plied Concerning Him"he had so late denied. Whilst he uncertain wanders here and there, A maid exclaimed, 1 Why I could witness bear, You of the followers of Jesus were.' All turned upon Him tbeir enquiring eyes,. While he, pretending innocent surprise, - His Master for the second time denies." Leaving this hallowed spot, I passed i through two or three yards and doorways i until j I oame to the Ohuroh of Si. James the Apostle. He was beheaded by orders from Herod Agrippa, as we read in the twelfth chapter of the Acts ; .' And at the same time Herod the King stretched forth his hands to afflict some of the Church and he killed James, the brother of John, with the sword." This was the first martyrdom among the Apostles, and took place eleven years after Oar Lord's death. The head is still preserved in a sbrine on the spot where the muHer took place. I had the happiness of offering the hnmble tribute of nay poor prayers and most profound veneration in the presence of that hallowed skull. The place was lighted with seven large silver lamps, suspended from the oelling, whilst mother o' pemrl and mosaics adorned the floor and surrounding walls. This is the Cathedral Church of the Armenians. For richness and pro fusion of ornamentation there is no Church in the whole city to come . near it. The i great patriarchal chair, or throne, used by the Apostle, is resting on ai platform in front of the High Altar, and only used by the Patriarch on the Saints' feast day every recurring year. Alongside is the throne used on all other occasions. Each is of the most exquisite workmanship. In a little Chapel to one side are three remark-. able stones, kept for the veneration of the faithful-one from ftft. Sinai, on which Moses let fall the tables of the law through indignation at the idolatry of the Israelites. A second from ,Mt. Thabor, from where the transfiguration occurred; and the third from the Jordan, where Our Lord was baptized. There is just enough space left uncovered to allow the man of faith and love show his tender devotion by kissing those relics, so highly favored and specially sanctified. The Blessed Sacrament is kept here on the High Altar, with lamps lighted before it, in the same manner as with ourselves. In the middle ages the Armen ians serving this Church were Catholics in communion with Rome. About the 14th Century they fell away. Still the Fran oiscan Fathers retaimed the right of celebrating a High Mass and several low masses on the feast day of the Apostle until 1870. Then, for some reasons, the Armenian Patriarch contested their right and from that to this the Catholics have not been permitted to celebrate in St. James'. (To be Continued.) . 