Hia Great Temptation. | Henry DORNTON eat io bis chair cogi tating. A look «f abject melancholy sal upon iiia faoe, aud t-ver aod hd-»u bis fingers played neivooaiy oo tbe arms of hie cbatr. It was loog past midnight. His table to tbe middle nf tbe room waa littered witb eheetB of maouecript, aod occasionally oie eyes waooerea iQiiuur wards, aa If something connected with tbem formed tbe key*oote of bis thoughts. It was even eo. Tbe table bt Id Ibe fruit of many months* labour. Those ebeet* bad cost dim many a sleepless night, aod on Lhem he bad centered bis foo fleet hopes. HIb body, bis brain, his very sool bad contributed to tbe subjeot of tbe hiero glyphics upon tbem. Some yeire ago be bad begun work, be lieving himself possessed of every qualifi cation 'or a .luocfpxful ranker of bonks. ] He hud set lo work wim au eaiuestueea and enthusiasm worthy of his adopted profession. Bur, alae ! in spite of his effort, In apite of tbe merit be undoubtedly poeseseed, lb spile of everything, he bad I oow to confront tbe aiern fact of bla j absolute Impotence. Worse, be was in a I state bordering upon destitution. Worse I hort » Hollnaln ™ i f j anH child dependent upoo him. Aud botb were 111. From tbe table bis eyes crossed to tbe room beyond. It sheltered mother and obild. Then his mind reverted to tbe time when Gertrude bad left all and followed bim. Importuned by a steru, birth-worshipping Ntber to renounce the man ahe loved, she badclunz the more closely to blm. Against her parents wishes, ebe had linked ber lot with Henry Dor n ton'.-, aud, trusiiug to a future recognition of his merit, bad married bim. And for flva years they bad striven nobly together. Henry had worked un cnasiogly, and abe bad encouraged bim. N:- matter how cruel and repeated tbe rebuffs of fortune, ber hopes never grew less warm Sbe was one of tbose trusting little women who are ao fall of faith that It ao(ually bubbles over, refusing to be dammed up within the narrow oonfines of a boman body. And again and again, wben be, ready to sink In deeper, bad thrown down bis pen aod scattered bla well-filled sheets on the floor io dlegust and anger, he bad become Inoculated with her hope, and bad re* s»«ted himaelf with a deiurmtnaiion to achieve victory for her sake. Noons but qp knew what she bad been to him. But oow ! She was ill. For weeks Rbe bad been unuule to fulfil ber more active duties al his side. If be needed her iu spiration, be bad to leave bis table and enter tbat room beyond, where sbe lay in bed, suffering deeply, but never allowing a sign of her pain to maoifest itself. Her faoe was always radiant— wben be came in. Sunebine oeamed in bur eyes — wben be came near. Henry was engaged on an 'important work,' and sbe would bave Buffered a martyrdom ratber tban be ebould reallzs a distraction io ber. This wae to make bis name, and thie was to he —tbelr fortune. Yep, it was an Import* ant work 1 And there it lay on the table — finished. Henry wae etaring at it again. And hie thoughts were something like this: 'I have concentrated every atom of mind sabatanoe upoo those pages. Tbey are the oatoome of everything tbat is best within me. Up to now, I bave written for art alone— and such labour was rest. Bat oow my miod, compelled by physical olalmar bankers after a sordid, meroenary reward.' Perhaps be waa more tban ordioarily gloomv lo-oigbt. He realized now more than ever be bad done bow much be needed moaey. Aod be wrb ready to sacrifice himself— he, tbe artlat, tbe poet, would make ship wreck of bis art, of himself, for lucre Mechanically he aro^e from hie obalr, , crossed tbe fioor, aad atole on tip-toe into hie wife's room. -There abe lay, a hectic fluib on her cheek, thin, sinuous creases across her brow, but the shadow of a smile yet Lenantlng ber face — a smile for Heory. Her last thought ere abe fell ealeep had been of bim, hard at work lo tbe adjololog room ; and, aa she closed ber eyes, abe oon)ared that look of inter mingled faith and hope, lest be aboold look in apoQ her aod find ber plaoid and expressionless. Teoderly he bent over her, touched ber lipa lightly witb bis, and then passed to the little cot by tbe aide of ber bed, and remained gazing loviogly on tbe little ooe Bleeping calmly within. Teare, uobidden and uobelpable, sprang to his eyes, and bis emotion threatened to cboke him. Witb a sup pressed groan be stole from the room, 8*ok into his chair, and buried bis face I In hiB haods. Yes, bis m9oasorlpt was there, xnd It wae finlehed. Bat of what oee was it? be asked himself. No one would look at It A nd If tbey did, they would re|ect (t. Thatsuhjeot, attacked by a comparative unknown, was of itself sufficient to con demn tbe book. No one would care to saddle themselves with tbe rlak involved in ita publication. Wbereae, if be bad possessed a name, each a work would have been jumped at. Bat why not pos sess himself of a name? Tbe tbougbt paved the way fur a terrible tecoptatioo. He started suddenly to hia chair as it assailed him, hie hands dropped nerve lessly to bis aides, and bla eyea protruded as if bis very aoul had sustained a shock. Aod yet it was a simple expedient, urged tbe tempter. AU be bad to do was to write tbe oame of another on ble maooaorlpt. aod oot tbat eigoatore at tbe foot of a letter. Had be not stodiously copied tbe style of bis ideal lo art? He bad. And be believed — conceit apart— that be had stencilled many of tbe beaatiea, without perpetaa ting the defects, of bla master. His bauds trembled, a dizziness stole over bim, and be felt Be If tile miod were about to give way. Hia thoughts terrified blm. He must get away from ibem, and arm bim pel( egaioat tbla eabtle temptation* Sprlnglog hurriedly to bis feet, bestrode to the (able, quickly gathered up tbe mtnoBcript, and looked it in his desk. Tbe next morning, G-rtrode, as ehe kissed him, asked to have a last look at Mtbe important work,' before it wae despatched on ita eveutful mission. How ebe fondled lit Her feverish bands clasped it as tboogb it bad been a favorite child to whom she was bidding farewell Aod, ae ehe returned it, *be cast a look at Henry, which seemed to embody her certainty of ite success. As he passed oat of the room, her eyes followed bim, then closed, and her bloodless lips parted io a prayer tbat God would cpeed ber husband's i work. Then the doctor c&me.; Henry acuouipttuieu uiai iu lue sick room, dui neither spoke much tbere, Wben they were again outside, however, and tbe door securely olosed behind tbem, tbe doctor unbordeoed himself. 44 It'a no uae Dorotoo,' said he. 'It's as much as your wife's life la worth lo keep her here long. You must get her un to ibe OontSnent at any ooet. Another winter here meaos death.' ?? But- but ? ' 'Aod see tbat sbe gets good support, and plenty of it.' Henry could not reply— he could uo&rceiy; suppress bis feelings. Great lumps rose in hie throat, aud the room , seemed to swim before bim. Once be | raised bis bead as if to speak, but tbe I doctor interrupted blm. ''Ah. yes— urgent oase In the next street. Good moroioi?,' be said, and was gone. A 8'raoge look oame Into Henry Dorolon's face. Tbat temptation waa again upon bim. But now he was too enfeebled to resist— too unnerved to com* hat it. His wife nerded support; it wuh D^cefeary that *be should winter abroad. 6;jh cuigbt bave botb. He lost eight of reason, of himself, of everything save her necessity, gne nhould bave them. His bead throbbed and burned, and be Mi like a forger, a thief, as be seated himself at tbe table. Gertrude called gently to bim, but be oou-d not respond ; be dare not look into ber pale truslfal face. Uhn mnnlrf roarl hia nnllln InUnllnn n rtri bis act would prostrate her. B^izlog a sheet of paper, be hurriedly scribbled a I letter, dated It from a fashionable hotel, I and appended the signature of bis literary ideal — ihegreat mio whose name was upon everyooe'e lips, and for whoae ! work any publisher would give a man's 1 ransom. Hie bands shook witb a nervous tremor as be parcelled up bid manuscript, and enclosed hie letter with it. Then, hurrying into t^e street, be called a commissionaire, and lustruoted bim to take it to tbe publishers. Then a sort of maniacal jubilation took poasesston of bin. He never paused to consider wbat discovery meant. ' Money, money,' was tbe theme wbiob absorbed bim. It was all-powerful, aod be laughed in a hoarse, unearthly manner, as in anticipation his bands olutched tbt gold which would Bpeedily be poured into his lap, and bis ears listened tothechink, ohiuk of tbe pieces as be scattered tbem broadcast in quest of sustenance and new life for bis wife. For a few hours he Beemed bereft of reason, and wandered aimlessly about tne streets, while ever and anon his faoe broke iuto a distorted smile ghnstly to behold. But on regaining his rooms a full re alization of what he had done buret upon bim. Then he fell into hie chair, clasped his head in bis bands, aod burst into tears. But be could not rest. He rose op aud paced tbe floor In extreme perturba tion, tbe perspiration streaming from every pore. Twice he attempted to opeu tbe door leading to hia wife's obamher, witb tbe intention of telling ber all. But bis resolution failed him. He shrank back In alarm, aod staggered as if drunk. And when, a steadying moment inter vening, be sat by ber bedside, holding ber tbln, emaciated band lo his. but not daring to look Into her face, Gertrude detected tbat sometbtog was strangely amiss with him ; but, poor soul, ebe ascribed it to pbysioal fatigue, aod the nttural excitement consequent on this his greatest bid for fame Obeeringly she spoke of the eucoes* whiob ehe wae certain awaited blm, and endeavoured to coas blm to take a much-needed reet. ' We shall be rich, now, dear ' ehe said, as sbe caressed bis hand and gaz^d wistfully into bis faoe. M Ye— yes,' he murmured, brokenly; *' we — we sbalJ be—rich. And you, Gertie, will— will winter abroad— and come back strong and — and well.' For some days Honry suffered the direst anguish. Sleep forsook him, and be seemed threatened witb a general break down. Prison 1 It oould not bring tbe torture, tbe incessant gnawing nf con fidence tbat be suffered, guoh a punlab ment would bave seemed bliss compared with tbis continual miud wrenching. Then, a ghost of hia former self, he re paired to the hotel. A letter from the publishers awaited blm. He oould not read it tbere. His bands refused to tear open tbe envelope. Hurriedly and excitedly be gained the street, rushed lo bis room, and, eecurlog himself against observatioo, read tbe missive. It con tained an offer whose magnificence startled bim. Again be was mad. In ten minutes the terms were accepted, and be had asked tbat tbe cheque for theoaah down might be forwarded to tbe hotel. Aod the following day it wae there, with tbe necessary agreement for bis eigustuie. M.UBU uo vreut uuuitf, euioiou bis wife's room, aud emptied a pile of gold on to tbe bed beside ber. A sincere 'TbaLk God 1' broKe from her lip*, aod tears of gratitude rolled dowo ber cheeks. Then ehe praised Henry, kissed him, and was eo overcome witb joy that ebe Dearly fainted# But be aat. seemingly I oblivious of berexqaiflite delight. His fingers nervously lifted tbe ooins from tbe bed, and suffered tbem to fall again on ibe ooverlet like golden grain. He was sober euoogh oow ; tbe possession steadied blm, and, now that wblob be bad longed for wae lo hie grasp, tbe means by wbiob it bad been procured made it nauseoaB to bim. He could not faoe exposure. But it would bave to come. Aod wby should it not come iat his bands? He bad Id. atigated tbe wrong-dolng ; It Bhoold be be wbo must take Initiative in atone- ment. For maoy days be etruggled in bitterness of soul. Theo lits better oatore triumphed. He revealed all to Gertrude. She did oot chide bim. Her eoergy ex tended Itself in pereuading blm to go to the exalted author whom he bad per eooated and render a full explanation to bim. And Heory went. Dlagoising no* , thiog, but lelllog his story elmpiy and tearfully from tbe beginning, be threw himself at the feet of bis master, aid bombly saed pardon fortbe greatwroegbe bad committed. The great maollsteoed to tbia strange recital in silence. Wben Heory bad finished, there was a look of deep sympathy io tbe author's face, aud bis eyea were not altogether devoid of a elgoificant moisture. 'Your error fa a serious one, oer taioly,' spid he, klodly, 14 and to a mind eo exceedingly sensitive as yours, tbe punishment already endured baa, no doubt, been severe. Bat oalm yoorself, Mr. Doroton ; It may be tbat pardon Is not so absolutely Impossible as you imagine.' 'Sir,' said Heory, clasping his band Id gratitude, ' God only knows wbat I have passed through. To see ber, my darilog, lyiog there, perhaps dying for tbe want of eoateoaDoe, reodered me insane. I have tried, honestly tried, to overcome the prejudloe of publishers, bat in vain. Koowing tbe power of a great nam*, I—-' 'You wereaasafled by temptation, and succumbed— yes. yes. D m't distress yourself by reoooniiog yoor actions fur ther. But I think it pronable that you attach too much importance to tbe value of a name. Anyway, we will sooo see. Go home now; calm yourself, and re assure your poor wife. L^ave me your address, aod I will call upoo you to morrow ' And Henry returned borne in a dream. Could be, tbis great man wbo bad been so grievously wronged, actually speak in kindness and sympathy to the wrong- { doer? Not a word of coodemnation had I passed bis llpa. Instead, be had pro mised to call upoo blm and assist bim to read just matters witb the publishers. Neither Gertrude nor he sought to minimize tbe fault, but tbelr hearts welled over witb joy oow tbat atonement bad been hegon. And the next day, true to bie promise, the great mao oame. He waa iotroducud lo Gertrude, spoke oomfortlogly to ber and before be left, manifested great sympathy with ber. He was muob moved when he passed out of the room acoompaoied by her hosbaod. 14 And oow, Mr. Dorotoo,' said be, wbeo tbey were alone, 'I took tbe liberty of calling upon tbe pablishers and asking tbem about the proofs of your — or ratber of my— book, yesterday. I spent iue iviHjur punioo oi moi uigut iu peiue* log tbem, and ? ' ' Forgive me ? ' began Henry. 11 1 do oot know tbat I bave muob to forgive. If I mistake not, tbe matter oao be pot right very simply aod very quietly ' ' On, sir ? ' ' Do ont Interrupt me. I have read your work, and, candidly, I admit it does oot disgrace my o*me— io fact, I am far from being ashamed of it. I intend thai It ebail 20 through the press, after a little necessary reviAion. B'U if it does, how do you think it will benefit you? My name is attached to it, and beooe (tcaooot help yours.' But Heory was too dumfounded to reply. He oould only gaze in bewilder ment before bim. ' I propose, however, to revise tbe proofe, as I have said. My name must stand, but— yours must be added as my oollaborateur.' In a frenzy of delight, Henry sprang forward, seized bis p&tron;'s hand, and endeavoured to thank bim. 'No, do not tbaok me,' said be; j u you have merit— if not genius — aod | you will sucoeed.' And be -1 id. 