, Back from the Grave. I; wab quite oertain that I heard of old U nole J oemh Bqdfish's death and burial, and when I met him coming out of a lawyer's office and looking 'Sillier more hellteefpt tlwn usnal it givo ai4 a bit of a Btaw anda 'Vcreepy ' WMlng op and down my spine. But.it was Josiah] sure as could be, and there was nothing ghostly in his 'appearance. I asked him now he cauie to' be extant in suoli an irregular way,; aiid . he told me all about it. jj '.y:' ; 'So yojalibought I was suuflfed..outL did you 1 Tiiat'a a goodoneonyodjbni^ then, I don't knoW's I can blame you, seeing , my ownvfolks 'lowed I was a ca daver. I've got . a law suit with 'em about it. They Had me taken up by a constkble for' disturbing the peaofe, and tliat's what I'm lawin' about. I'm out oA bail now. ,It's a peculiar case, and if I had a mind to' take it to the Soopreme Court IjCmiW knock 'em out on theques tfcm^whethcr a man who has.been buried can be legally prosecuted. You know them spells I have. When I get one I'm liable to be plumb out o' my senses for hours; and. I'm a little nervous about 'erp sometimes. If anybody fells you it isn't nothing but whisky, you call him a liar, and I'll back you up. You know I'm not. intemperate, and you never saw me take anything between drinks in your life. ' Mebbe you've noticed that me and the old woman don't hitch very well. Yes, I thought so. Some folks has a habit o' noticing otlier folks doin's. Well, it'sall owin' to Deacon Sliderback's taking too goldarned much interest in the spiritual welfare of my family. My old woman's been so pious, I've been a little fearsome that she might get too anxious to have 'me join the heavenly choir and plant me if I happened to have a real bad spell and not come to as spry as common.' . --- ? I suggested to Uncle Josiah that he couldn't be buried without a physician's certificate that he wasdead. ' That's another point,' he replied, ' Dr. Pilbolus don't like me enough to hurt since I put a little job on liira, and I kinder suspected he'd play a practical joke on me if he got a chance in a profes sional way. I don't believe the authori ties would want a certificate anyway if they knew Pilbolus had anything to do with the case. ; They'd consider that reasonable ground to suppose that the. patient was ripe for the cold and silent tomb. If you don't want to be slammed into a coffin and sent kitting to glory before your. time, don't you have Pilbolus. He's a quack, sure. I'd been thinking over what might, happen, and I had a talk with the undertaker who does all my burying, and we fixed the thing up between us. Had a telephone put in the family vault and all that sort of thing, you know. Going to have the whole racket, patented next week. ' Well, it seems I got full or had a spell last Saturday night, and the next thing I knew I woke up in the dark feel ing mighty queer. Felt like a funeral — tuber-roses and dead leaves and car bolic acid, you know. I thought I'd get up and see who was dead, but the first break I made' I bumped my head against something hard. Then I felt around and found I was boxed in, and I con cluded it was my own funeral I felt. So I just kicked the lid off, sat up in the coffin, fished a match out of my vest pocket and took a look round. I recog nised the place by the inscriptions to the memories of my first three wives and a maiden aunt, and it made me feel sort of blue to think how near I had come to being reunited with the whole gang at one lick. ' You can imagine how a man would feel to find himself stowed away on the top shelf of a tomb in such company and read his own epitaph on the plate by the light of a brimstone match. I felt in my coat-tail pocket and found a flask of brandy,' which showed that* the' under- taker was a man ot nis wora ana partiauy restored my confidence in human nature. I was powerfully 'relieved to find that I was not yet in Heaven with my sainted late fomplq relatives, and with devout gratitude I emptied the flask and re turned thank8v to a merciful Providence, vowing that l would make a total wreck of Pilbolus as soon as ever I should get out. I felt sorry, though, 'that I hadn't tpld the undertaker tofill in the .chinks between my remains and the coffiti'with sandwiches. Then I climbed down, after ripping the coffin plate off and putting it in my pocket as evidence. I noticed that I was in my stocking feet, arid that the old woman had put ori the remains a. pair of hose all -worn out at ' the heels. I s'pose she thought because the heels of. the late laraehted were down when his toes were turned lip that the holes wouldn't be noticed. , That's the kind of a woman she is. ' 'I found the .telephone, rang up the office and told 'eiu.'to ;send the sexton, to let me out. Then I says, ' Hello, Cen tral.' ' Hello,' says Central 'Connect the late Josiah Bodfish, tomb 36, .with his widow, No. 1001,' says I. Uncle Josiah did not mean that he had goneSolomon. one better ; the number of his telephone was 1001. 'The line was switched on, and -I was just going to send a doleful sound from j the tomb to comfort my sorrowing family \ and save 'em the trouble of going . to a medium to find out how I was enjoying the climate of the sweet by-and-by when I thought I heard a ' familiar voice. Brushing a spray of withered smilax-from my left ear I listened and heard Deacon Sliderback say as plain as could be: ' The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away, Sister Bodfiah, and everything for the best.' She allowed it was, and. I couldn't detect anything but the cheer fullest kind of: resignation , in her voice. Then the Deacon said : ' Brother Josiah had his faults, Sister BodfisK.' ' Then I heard her say that she should sihile, and I thought the hilarity was a 'little pre vious. 1 1'suppose it was drink that killed him,' said the Deacon, 1 and she allowed it was, and wenton with a whole lot of stuff, winding up with : ' Thank .goodness there won't he anymore pink snakes with blue tails in those shoes over there by the corner.' ^ ' I stopped to finish; what there was in the bottom of the flask, and then' I heard the Deacon say : ' Now that the snakes have been driven f roi^i those shoes, Sister Bodfish, may I hope to step into them some day ! ' Nice way of proposing, thnt was. Well, that settled it. I juBt groaned through the telephone like an insulted ghost. The sexton came along then and let me out, and I lit out for home on the jump. When I walked into the parlor where ? the gas was burning low, dressed up in my b£st black coat, %lit up the back by the man who laid me out, and tossed that coffin plate into the old woman's lap, right, where the deacon could read it, you bet there was a circus. Some folks might call it a- dis- turbance of the Deace. I nut nrf t.hnra shoes and introduced the/deacon to 'em, snakes and all. -That's what the lawsuit is about. I'm going to lick blazes out of Pilbolus when I see him, and I s'pose that'll make more lawing for me. But I'll get a divorce arid a patent on fiuy prematura burial outfit, and.thenl.guess I'll be square.' 