THE NOVELIST. PAUL CHALLIS'S WOOING , .. . » i i « ? .. ? .I BTtlw Author of .:?;..'. *8%t Cost of Conquest,' ' A SMcm Crime, '' V - , CHAPTEli XVIII. , . At tho cornoi* of tho atvcot in which : t?aa tho littlo ohnroh Captian Challis hail ohoson, Lord Allavclyeo ran up . ftfjainat a gontlonian avLo was looking about him in somo upnnront indecision. 'I bog you pavdon, ho said. 11 1 bug youva,' tho othor voturnod. tlio fault was mine. I was looking for — — But ?porhapa you aim direct mo. Tho ohuroh of St. BonodiOMn4hG. Field.' '?It lain this stroofc. You, this is Aytonn-Btreot, I thought it ww. Iain Ijound for' St. Bonodiovs mysolf.' ' That's nn odd coincidence. Aro you going to boo a woddingP' ' XO8. I should Know you, Am I not Bponking to Doctor Courtnoy ?' 'You are 1 But you have the advan taffo of mo. ' I daresay you don't romombor mo. I wa»only ayouugatorj'butl wna sure '. I recognized you. WoniotatAldorshot , about six joavs ago. Do you romombor baudiigiug up a oprainod nnlilo for mo out Su tho LongValloy thovo? lhad beon playing all sorla of antics with a lot of followa thovo and camo to grid!.' ' To bo suvo I do,' said Dr. Courtnoy, holding out is hand. ' Lord Allardyco, iaitnotP' ' Tho 80,mc. I waa not Lord Allnr dyco then, though. I wondov I did not bronk something in that tumblo.' . 'So do I. ' It was aa wild a frolic aa ovor a lad of your yoars indulged in. I Km glad \?o have motagara, my lord.' ' So am I, I owo it to , you that I have not boon lamo ovor sinco, Dootor Courtony, This must bo tho ? ohuvoh, Aro you como to aoo Captain Challia aiavriodP' Dr. Courtnoy looked looked surprised as ho nodded his acquioaconco. ' 11 1 thought it waa a profound Bocrot,' ho Raid. I know tho captain' raoant it it to bo.' ' 'I only hoard it kto last night. I don't think ho will bo angry whon ho hoars vhoro I obtainod my information. Poor follow.' ' Yon know tbo^oiroumstancoa then P' ' No. I am puszlod boyond moasuro to think how on oarth Captlvin ?Challia could havo inndo tho acquaintance of tho— tho lady ho is going to marry.' 'You know hor.thonP' '?I had that honor. I am not am bitious to ronow it.' ' Do you know anything that would atop this moat mad marriago P' askod tho doctor, laying his hand on the young man's arm, and looking oagorly into his faco j ' if you do, apeak out— if I did I would fhontit in tho chuvoh rather than soo him loavo it hor husband.' ' Vou know hor, thou, and disliko horP' . . ' I can hardly aay I know hor, but I distrust hor. I don't boliovo eho is a fit wifo for a^oodman, and Captain \ ? , Ohnllia in ono, m apito of his blind folly concerning hor.' ?' No, I don't,' tho young man said, with a thoughtful faco. ' I know quito enough concerning hor to dotor any man from making hor hiB wifo, if ho wovo not blindly in lovo and could bo roosonod with likoa aonsiblo oroaturo. But nil I know of Dolores Zuota, apokon at snch 'an momont as this, would in6st lilcoly prompt Captain Challia to call mo a liar, and deom hor tho niosfc injur ed of human creatures to havo suoh things said of hor,' 'Thon you know of nologal bar, nothing that can bo urgod in that way P' Thoro was a visiblo hesitation in tho young man's mannor, and ho paused a xnomont boforo ho answorod. ' No, I don't—in fact, I know* thoro is nono, and for any othor it is too Into to wovk.' Thoy woro oloso to tho churoh door, and tho clergyman's voico could bo dis tinotly hoard. It was a small building1, nlit.tlo unprotonding ohurch, and it floomod but a short way from tho do6r to tho alter. Tho stroo was ompty, ok. copt for a fow early trodospooplo, and so , forth, who woro going thoir rounds, and ( thoro was no ono inaldo tho building ', savo tho littlo group at tho alter, Tho ' clorgymau, tho brido, and tho - brido groom, with tho olork and pow-oponor for witnos3oa, woro all who mudonp tho bridal party of tho fastidious Captain Paul Challia. 'Thosowhom God hath joinod to / gethor lot no man put asunder.' ; 1 Tho words camo distinctly to the opondoor whoro tho two now stood listening. Then tho lower spoken words of prayor, and then a little lower — ' I pronounco that thoy be man and wifo togothor in tho namo of tho Fathor, tho Sou, and Holy Ghost. Amonl' 'Itiatookto to spoak now,' Lord .Allardyco said, gravoly. 'Whatever , ftnyono knows thoy must koop to thorn oolvoa for all time.' ; ' Yes, whatovor alvo is, sho is a good man's wifo now,' Dr. Courtnoy said. * It can't bo undone Aro you going to etay and noo thorn como out, my loraP N, ' Yoa. I want to mako quito sure ? . \ . that I am not mistakon. Toll wo how \- /ho enmo to know hor— that is, if you \ know, doctor.' 'Idokno-7. I wish I didn't. I havo nstrango prosontimont thatovil will oomo ot.it, my lord, somehow.' Thoy strolled up and down tho pavo ment, talldng quiotly, while tho wed ding party wont into tho vestry to sign thoir namoa, and Dr. Courtnoy told his companion tho story of how Doloros Zuotacamo to tho barracks, and how Captain Ohallia had boon liko a mnu bowitchod ovor sinco. ' Sho is vory lovoly,' ho said. ' Thoro . is no denying that, but thoro is no truth Ju hor faco.' ' Or in hor heart,' tho young man ro pliod. Poor Chains ! Ho will ruo this day } but wo must bo ailont, doctor. Sho is hia wifo now.' 'Itia no buainosa of mino,' Dr Courtneysaid. ''Only that I liko Challia, ?: and I hato to soo a man go lioadlong to /' tho dogs fora worthlosa woman. Do you know that ho haa jilted tho loveliest ?woinon on tho oarth for tho sako of this ci-eaturo, picked out of tho gutters, as it ?wore?' ' I havo hoard of and soon Miss Dain treo,' his lordship roplicd, with tv quito smile. ' I can't quito ondorso . your opinion of hor, dootor,' To bo continued. 