NEWS OF TUB DAT. Tb« Government successfully launched its tariff revision schsino in the Legislative Assembly yesterday. Great publio interest was shown in the proceedings, and the galleries were crowded with visitors. There was alio an unusually large attondance of members. As soon as the House met, the Commissioner of Customs was allowed to proosed with his speech, all other busi ness being postponed. Mr. Best, who oame well prepared for his task, with copious notes and statistical returns, spoke for nearly three hours. His speech was lucid, exhaustive and effsctive, and aftor lie had laid the Government proposals before lion, mem bers the debate was adjourned for a week to give Parliament the opportunity of considering at leisure ths effcot of the proposed alterations. Prnctically tho Government pro posals are identical with the recommendations of the Tariff Board. Only in ono or two in stances lias the Government departed from the board's findings, nnd in these instances the departure is not as to principle, hut simply a modification on broader lines of compromise. So far ns Mr. Bsst's speech was concerned, it produced an exoellont effect upon hon, mem bers, and the Minister was overwhelmed with congratulations from all quarters of til Chamber. In bis opening remarks Mr. Bsst invited Par liament to approach the question of tariff revi sion in a apirit of compromise, as existing inter ests had to be considered and preserved. After paying a free and generous tribute to the monu mental labors of the Tariff Board, Mr. Best prooeeded to deal broadly with the main issues. Ha etated that there had been no fewer than seven tariff revisions since 1883, a fact which he greatly deplored, as these frequent fiscal alterations unquestionably demoralised com- meres. What the attitude of the Minis try is on tho tariff question was made perfectly clear. " Tho policy of the Govern ment," the Minister declared "i; —ofc1.''-- not protection run mad, but moderate protec tion," and this statement was received with loud cheers. Then, taking up the Tariff Board's report, Mr. Best prooeeded to quote freely aud approvingly therefrom, touching largely on those parts whioh stated that Victoria continued soundly protefciive, that protection beneficially affected the wage earner and cheapened the cost of an article. Much attention wae also given by Mr. Beet to the board's recommendation about the unfair competition created by the admiseion of prison made goods, and he showed the vast proportions which this competition had assumed. On the Continent there aro, it appears, 120,000 prisoners employed in tho manufacture of goods whioh compete with English labor. But while tho Government is quito in aceord with the sug gested exclusion of prison made goode, the Minister pointed to the difficulty of giving praotieal effect to suoh a proposal, as it was impossible to identify these goods. The Government does not mean to establish a hoard of trade. On that point Mr. Best was frankly outspoken, and declared that the Tariff Board's recommendation in this direetion found not the slightest favor in his eyes or the eyes of any of his colleagues. And he might have added the Legislative Assembly too, for hon. members by their eheers made it only too evident that they did not approve of a further experiment in the creation of another permanent board with enormous powers. "Parlia ment Is net enamored of permanent boards," said Mr. Best with emphasis, " whioh practically defy Parliament." "We have bed enough of boards," chimed in bait a dozen members, The cry for maximum 25 per oent. duties was also brushed aside unceremoniously by Mr. Best. This ory he deaoribed as a " mero mat ter of party taotios," and drew a woful pioture of the disastrous effect that would be preducsd by sweeping away at one fell swoop the whole of our industries. Ho denied that any suoh domain had been mads by the country as a 25 por esnt. maximum, and ridienlcd the idea that it was the wish of the rural population to dostroy the great industries which have beon oalled into existence midor the fostorlng caro of protootion. Moreover, Mr. Bost allowed that eur rural in dustries would suffer just as severely as tho town artisans if the proteotivo duties by whloli tlioir home market is secured to them wero suddenly lowered to 25 per cent. Ho produoed a marked effect upon hon. members by reading a formid able list of duties, ranging from 33 to over 103 por oent., levied for the protootion of our rural industries. "What relief would it give the agriculturists to havo theso duties out down uniformly to 25 per cent.V" pertinently nikod Mr. Best. And only Mr. Trcuwitli ventured to supply an answer : " It would shut up every farm In the colony." In dealing with thoao artioles In the tariff in respeot to which tho Government did not agree with the reeommeiidstions of the Tariff Board, Mr. Boat was at great pains to place before hon. members all the supplementary information in possession of Ministers and on tho strength of whioh tho Tariff Board's propo sals ware thrown out. The Government docs not propose to alter the existing tobacco duties, but the exciso duty is to ho inoroasod to Od. per lb., nnd to 2s. per lb. on machine made oigerettos and 9d. por lb. on hand made. The gignutio sugar monopoly established here is to be touohed up by a readjustment or duties and made to yield £37,000 additional oustoms revenue. Tho candle industry is to bo sup ported by a Id. per lb. duty on paraffin, and lid. per lh. duty on candles and stearine. The existing duties on wine are not to bo disturbed, but the spirit duties are to bo lowered to 13a. and 9s. por gallon. Rulief is also to bo givon in woollens by reduoing tho duty to a 15 per eont. revenue basis in reipeat to certain goods not manufactured in tlio colony- Abolition of tile primage dutios is also Included in tils Ministerial scheme of revision, and altogether it is estimated that tho proposed alterations will on tho ono hand involvo a sacrifice of revenue amounting to £145,000, and on tho other to inoreasos estimated at £45,000, thus leaving a net loss of £100,000. In eonoluding, Mr. Best stated that increased duties would he collected forthwith, hut the lowor duties would not coine into operation until 1st January next, so that ample time would be allowed to clear off exist ing stooks. The new duties are to ho paid into a suspenBo account, nnd will he returned if not passed by Parliament. Tho Legislative Assembly will meet this afternoon at half-past 4 o'clook, when, after the sessional orders havo besn passed, the Govern ment will launch several bills in order to pro vide work for members during the remainder of tho week. Next week the tariff debato will be resumed, and the presont intention is to con tinue it without interruption, and to the exclusion of all other business, until a final decision hns been arrived at. It is expsctsd that the tariff debate will at least extond over six weeks. Mr. Staughtou, tho member for Bourkc West, took an opportunity in tho Assembly yesterday of relieving his conscience. Last session he was guilty of an unbridled and unjustifiable attaok on Mr. Longmore. He acoused tho member for Dandenong of attonding nuotion sales of land for tile purposs of running up prioss and mak ing people pay more for land than it was worth. Ho went so far indeed as to call Mr. Longmore a " blackmailer. " Ever eiuoe ho seems to have heen haunted by the ghost of those wanton words, and was impelled yesterday to say he wished to rotraot thorn. Mr. Longmore thanked Mr. Staughton for his "courtesy " in a tone which indicated that he had no desire to cherish auimosity. Tho Acting Governor will reoeivo tho address in reply of tho Legislative Council at 3 p.m. to day at the Old Treasury Buildings. Members of the Legislative Council are requested to meet the Preaident on the Treasury steps fivo minutes before that hour. In going through the rejected sohedules in the Income Tax office — tbnt is to say tho schedules of those persons who returned their incomes as being under £200 per annum — the Commissioner of Inaomc Tax has disoevsred an undue infla tion of deductions in many iniitanoos. A large number of those who alleged that they camo within the exemption aro liable to the tax, and 750 of them are taxablo to the extent of £3 each. This will bo a considerable addition to the total amount rccoivod from the tax, aud the Treasurer is confident that ia another year the tax will realise his estimate of £200,000. Tho long threatened action by Mr. Allison Smith against the proprietors of The Age for the recovery of £15,000 damages for alleged libel was commenced before the Chief Justice in the First Civil Court yesterday morning. Nineteen matters of oomplaint were set out in the state ment of claim, each of which consisted of pub lished referencoa to the plaintiff's action as head of the locomotive branch of tho liaihvay department or of comments on the management of tbe locomotive branch. It was assorted by Mr. Smith that by reason of the alleged libels he had lost his position, had boen injured in hie credit and reputation privately ond professionally; had been deprived of sooial advantages, and would be precluded from obtaining employment in tho future in a like capacity. A jury of six was impannelled. Plaintiff appeared in psrson. He did not enter tho box to prove ccrtaiu necessary faots, such as the allegation that The Age had a circulation out- sido Victoria, or that ho was a meohani- oal engineir by profession.. Mr. Purves, Q.C., who appeared with Mr. Dcakin for de fendant, therefore applied that a direction should bo mado in theBe matters in favor of his otient. His Honor did not Bee his way to inako any direction nt so enrly q stags of tlio case, but informed Mr. Smith that he would be unable to prove later on that 77re Age bad a circulation puUide the ooiony or that he wae a mechanical engineer, unless there was any indirect evidence whieh would justify the jury in heliev- ing ho was. An application was lator on made by Mr. Purves for a nonsuit, on the ground that plaintiff and defendant, boing both citizens of Viotorin, and equally interested in the succoss of tho railways as a business eonoern, defendant wns privileged absolutely to make any comment on plaintiff's share in the management thereof, es tho plaintiff in some sense aeted ns the servant of the defendant and other citizens. Tho Chief Justice Baid he could not see that defendant could only plead tho privilege of fair comment on the publio aots of a publio man. Mr. Purves, therefore, decided to treat Mr- Smith as a publio man subjeetto "fair comment." The alleged libels having been r;«d and pv.t in, Mr. Purnc: addressed the court for the defence, and had not concluded at the adjournment. Aceording to the report of the Postal depart ment for 1894, tile receipts for the year were £674,793 8s. 8d., a decrease of £31,756 16s. on those of 1893. This decline took place in the eale of stamps for postoge and duties. Tlio total stamp revenue declined from £639,679 13s. 7d. to £610,519 18s, The telegraph revenue fell from £105,739 18s. to £93,654 19s. 9d., but the parcel post receipts at £8895 is an inorease of nearly £309. The rents of telephone wires fell from £39,197 6s. 4d. to £36,676 13a. 6d. Tho commission on money orders nnd postal notes (£16,653 17s. 4d.) and misoellaueous receipts (£10,942 19s. lOd.) are so slightly lose than in the previous year as to be practically tho same. The expsnditure has been reduced from £616,036 2s. 8d. to £575,865 5s. 8d. There were 50 new offices opened, including airbranches of busi ness, nnd 46 were closed. At 31st Deoember, 1894, thore were 1719 post offices, 793 tolegraph offices, 452 monoy order offices and 384 savings banks. About £20,000 is annually spent by the Government in rents for buildings used by the Police department, by the Law department for oourt houso purposes, aud as post and telegraph, offices, land offices, and receipt and pay offices. In about 300 places throughout the country buildings are rented for some purposs or another, and in many townships there arc til roe or four offices used for Government work whioh might easily be combined in tho one building. In Yarram lor instance £50 is paid in rent for a police station, £15 for a ooert house, £55 for a post and telegraph office, and £15 for a reoolpt and pay offioe. Heavy rente appear to be paid for polloe stations and poBt offices, nnd in regard to tlio latter tlio suggestion naturally arises whethor in moat eountry plaoee a local store keeper would not undertako tho postal duties for tho businoss it would bring him in othor ways, added to n small remuneration. At Tal- langattn £60 per ntinnm is paid for tho rent of a police etatlon and £50 for a post ollioo, both of whioh are surely sxorhitnnt, seeing that similar buildings are obtained in muoli more important plaoee for half the money. At Necrim South £60 is paid for a polios Htatlou ; at Loongatlia £65 is tho oost of tlio poiiou station nnd there is £15 paid for a oourt house, and £40 for n post office ; nt Goroko and Hopotoun the police stations oaoli oost £60 per annum. At Olifton Hill tho post offioe oosta £120 por annum— a most extravagant rent, considering tho ohoap- nsBs of shops and houses in the suburbs. Tho land offioo nt Seymour oosts £56 per year. The moat exorbitant rents, however, are charged in Melbourne. A building in Bourke- Htreot east is used no a post office, and the Fublio Works department hae to pay £375 per annum rout for it. Tholonse docs not expire until July next year.- For the rooms used ae a post office in tho Rinlto the department has to pay £175 por annum ; and the post offioe provided for the convenience of tho Stook Exohnnge oosts £350 yenrly, the lease not expiring until Ootoher, 1897\. Botli tlio Rialto and Stook Exchange offices are largely for tho benefit of the people using these buildings, and" the proprietor! of thorn should be glad to give the accommodation almost for nothing. One of the prinaipal roasons why districts got up agitations for postal facilities is tlio difficulty of purohasing stamps and tho absence of pillar hexes. Instead of increasing tho number of tho latter and giving inducements to stationers and others to sell stamps on aommission, tho policy of tho department has been to' save sixpences by cutting down tile commission, and to throw away hundreds of pounds in building or routing officos that might bo dooo without. In most of the suburbs heavy rents aro paid by the Government for polioo stations, and the question lias beon asked whether aecommodation oould not bo found for tho police in some of the sumptuous suhurhau town halls. Yesterday's sitting of tlio Railway Inquiry Board was ocoupied in hearing ovidence from Mr. "W. M. Kibble, ono of tho Into commis sioners who was instrumental in initiating the reform of tho Railway department, and hns, since retirement, boen on n visit to England. Mr. Kibble gavo tho board a considerable amount of information on goneral administra tion and the adjustment of freights on goods. The Minister of Water Supply hns learned that several of the irrigation trusts supplied with water from national works aro delivering water to thoir constituents at pricos so low aB to bo unequal even to the ordinary charges for maintenance and administration of the Trust works, to say nothing of interest on loans nnd on tlio large expenditure undertaken directly by the State. In one case it appears that a trust hns beon selling water for tho irrigation of natural pastures— flooding, ns it is locally termed — at a price equivalent to no more thnn Id. per inoh-acrc, that is a depth of 1 inch over an area of 1 acre, being nbout 23,000 gallons not. Tbe ground assigned by the truBt for tlieBO exceedingly low prices is the desire to introduce tho practice of irrigation among their constituents. But Mr. Foster thinks, from Ids expcricnco of liko quastions in tho Bondigo and Cnstlemnino districts, that to increase rates fixed so absurdly low iu the first instanoe will prove a matter of the greatest difficulty. Ho has in preparation, anticipatory of next irri gating eeason, measures that will compel trusts to pay the State a reasonable sum, nt all events, in respect of such water as they actually sell for tho irrigation of land within their districts. Tho remainB of the late Mrs. Joseph Tapley, hotter known throughout Australia aB Miss Violet Varlcy, will bo interred in the Molbourno Geneial Cemetery this afternoon. The funornl cortege will leave the residence of tho deceased lady's parents, "Violetta," Hothnm-streot, East Molbourne, at 3 o'olook, for tho Australian Church, where a short service will be held, and will then prooted past tho l'rinceiu's Theatre to tho plaoe of intermont. The Rev. Dr. Strong will officiate at the grave. It has been decided to have no ohoral sorvice or speoial demonstra tion at the Australian Obureli, but probably all the members of the thcntrioal profession in Melbourne will attend, as well as a great nnm- bor of the general publio desirous of paying the last mark of respeot to the remains of one of the most gifted and popular of Australian actresses on the lyrio stage. At a meeting of the Counoil of Agricultural Education yesterday, it was reported that Mr. W. Madden had been returned unopposed to repre sent the north-western division ; Mr. W. J. Lobb, for the southern division, in placo of Dr. Plummer, retired ; Mr. Graham, M.L.A., for tho northern division, nnd Mr. J. H. Connor for the eouth-western division, in place of Mr. M'Intosh. For the eeat in tho eastern division, rendered vacant "by the death of Mr. Little, there are four candidates — F. Horsman, J. B. Pearson, W m. Graham and Jns, Warner. Tho election will take place on the 12th inst. A question as to tho classification of pneumatio tires for enrrisges recently came before the Minister of Customs. These artioles wero not regarded by tho officials as dutiablo under the head of bioyclo tires, and the Minister has de cided that they will be charged duty of 25 per aent. as parts of carriages, which is the snmc as tho duty on bicycle tires. The mails whieh left Melbourno by the Orient on 30th April, duo in Loudon on 5th Juno, arrived on tho 3rd. I Ordors have been issued by tlio naval eom- mandant for ths Cerberus to proceed down the Bey for a oruise, during whioh the men will be subjected to various exercises. The Cerberus will visit Geclong. She will return to her moorings on Friday. The Melbourne Chamber of Commerce has received a letter from the London Corn Trsdo Association, intimating that they lmd received and adopted tlio samples of wheat under seal of tho Melbourne Chamber as tho fair averago quality etondard for this season's wheat crop. A transaction in shares was adjudicated upon by Mr. Justice Holroyd in tlio Supremo Court yesterday in the case of Highott v. Higliott. The plaintiffs wore John Moore Ilighett and James M'Laughlin (assignee of John Mooro Highett), end the defendants wero Flora Dale Highott and the Trustees, Executors and Agency Company, executors of tho will of W. E. Highett, deceased, and the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company. Mr. Hayes and Mr. Anderson, instruotcd by Messrs. Highett and M'Laughlin, ap- pc.uu piMiu„..s ; Lie Alloiney-Geuu- rnl and Mr. Higgins, instruoted by Messrs. Blako and Riggall, for the New Zea- and C ompany ; and Mr. Weigall, instruoted by Mr. Seton Williams, for the Executors Com pany. It appeared that J. M. Highett and his brother, tho late W. E. Highett, were the owneri of fivo shares in the Lansdown Pastoral Company, which were subsequently increased to ten shares through a now issue. J. M. Highettanigned hissharotoM'Laughlin.aiidW. E. Highett died soon afterwards. Tho present action was brought by M'Laughlin to compel the executors of W. E. Highett, in whose name the shares wero registered, to transfer five of them to him. The New Zealand Company opposed the application on tho ground, that tho sharea had been assigned to tliem lay ,T. M. Highett prior to the assignment to M'Laughlin. Hie Honor held that th Now Zealnnd Company were entitled to a prior aharge on the five shares, and to havs the shares in dispute transferred to them, and to a refund of the profits received by tlio Truetees Company as executors in respeot of the shares. Snbjeot to this deolaration he dis missed the aotion, and entered judgment for defendants with costs. A matter arising out of the insolvency of Meoredy and Drew Limited was the subject of a reserved judgment given by Mr. Justice A'Beckett in the Supreme Court yestorday. His Honor Baid that on .the winding up of tho com pany he had allowed the right of creditors to prove their olaime for preferential payment Amongst those who sought to rank in this cate gory were W. and C. Dunlop, of England, who submitted their proof ; but owing to the fault of their agents the proof was rsjeotod ae informal. A sum of £1969 wae availablo, nnd his Honor dirootod that this should be paid to eight pro- foront creditors. Sines then, however, tlio proof of W. nnd O. Dunlop had been formally admitted, and they now applied to ho paid out of tlio balanoo in the estate. The application was opposod, on tlio ground that it moant a variation of a previous ordor, but his Honor thought that their exelusion would be a great hardship, they having beon guilty of no mis conduct, hut simply unfortunate in the selec tion of tlioir ngents. He therefore oonsidored Hint the liquidator should ho at liberty to in- vostigato thoir claim to he ranked ns preferonb creditors, and he would make an ordor accord ingly , W. nnd O, Dunlop to pay the costs of this application. A point of oonsidornblo intorost' to courts of potty sessions was decided by Mr. Juslioo A'Bcokctt in tlio Prnotico Oourt yesterday, in the matter of Dnggnnv. Martin, Complainant had laid an information against Martin under tho Protootion of Animals Aot for having wounded two dogs. His Honor said that the 4tli seotion of tho act provided for a penalty on person, guilty of oruolty to animals, amongst which offences are included heating, wounding, killing &o.; Defendant, in this case, was oharged with having wounded two dogs, and at the outset of the proceedings in tlio oourt of petty »c,aionB Bt Lara, dofendent'e solicitor raised the objection that tlio Information was invalid, as it disclosed two offonoss, ond tho justicos struok out tlio case. Tlio informant obtained » rule nin to reviow this decision. His Honor thought that it would be absurd to hold that where a person on tlio ono occasion injured two animals, this constituted two offences. If it appaared tliat though tlio occurrences took place on the snme dny, yet tho occasions were dietlnct and under different aircmnstancos, tlion defen dant could properly decline to proceed unleii the oomplainant elected as to which act ho would go upon. But in this enso it did not appear that tlio occasions were separable, and the justices should not havo struok out the case. The rule to review tlio dooision would be mado absolute with coats against tlio defendant, and tho case would be remitted to tlio justices for hearing. The family dissensions whioli wore recently vontilatcd in connection with the mombsrs of the Lango family stem to have at length reached a conclusion satisfactory to tile various parties concerned. It was yesterday announced to tlio Oliicf Justice in tlio Supremo Oourt that tlio noxt case in his Honor's list,' Lange v. Bage, had boon settled on tlio following terms The plaintiff abandons tho implied finding as to malico on the question of prirf. lege, foregoes her claim for damages and cosis, and admits the oorreotness of Dr. Bage's mm- agemant of tlio trust estate; tho defendant Bage accepts tlio finding for tlio plaintiff on Ihs plea of justification, and withdraws his appsal and motion for a now trial. Tlio cases of Langs v. Sacliso and Lnngo and others v. Bags and others wore also withdrawn. In tlio lastnamed suit the plaintiff, F. Lango, Bought to remove Dr. Bago from tlio trusteeship of tile late F. 0, Lange, and it is now withdrawn, ns plaintiff and Mrs. Lango admit tlio nccuraoy of Dr, Bago'o accounts and administration. Mr. Justice IViliiamH will take lip the jury eases in tile Chief J ustice's list on Monday next, most probably in the Second Civil Court, at 10.30. In accordnnoo with a gonerally expressed wish, Mr. Clifford Hnllu will thisovening repeat the very interesting and instruetive laoturo he gavo Inst week nt tho Athenaeum on The Structure and Management of the Human Voice. Mr. Hallo ha so much to say that is worth heaiing, and says it in so eminently a taking nnd agreeable stylo, that there ought to be a largo attendance of all persons interested in singing to-night. Tho annual mooting of tlio Carlton Relief Society will be held at the Carlton Hall, Princus-strcot this evening. ' i:r- T- P'".,;9r wi" deliver a lecture oil Woman hiillrnge nttho Wusleyan Church, Jllghbury grove. Kow, tins evening. Tho sailing of the steamer Bullnrrn for West Australian ports ta'il Adelaide lias boon postponed until 1' riday, at 4 p.m. , wi" 'lolireva locturo on Commer- cial Sillc Culture at St. John's lecture ball, Picket- street, 1" oot.scniy, thin evoiiing. AIucLuru will bo delivered by Mr. Edwin Phil. npH on Inventor and Inventions ; What They Havo Doiiu /or Mankind, in tho hull of tho Unitarian Church to-night, at 8 o'clock. A mooting of inoinhurs of tho legal profession is called for 4.30 p.m. this afternoon, for the purnnso or considering tho advisability of presenting Mr. Louis Ellis, tho Into aheriff, with a testimonial. lt» announced that the guttural mooting of the Cabmen h Union will bo hold on Friday, at 8 o'clock, J wopenMJco U"ll. At 9 o'clock a meeting will bo bcM to which all cabmen are invited, when members of Parliament and others will address the gathering. At the monthly mooting of tlio Working Men's Collage Photographic Club last night, beforo a largo attendance of members, Mr. L. W. Hart, gavo a demonstration of tlio "carbon process, ' whieh was greatly appreciated by those present. - With rofurcnco to tho article North Sydney fn- yoKtmeiit nnd Tramway Company which appeared in Monday's tame of The Aye , Mr. John Grlco n«Rs us to moution that ho ami Mr. William Smith, whoso names appear iu tho article as directors of tho company, wero nmongat tiioso members who paid tho full amount on thoir tfmres. Amongst tho auction sales to bo held to-day, we are aakod to specially direct attention to tho follow- ing: — By Messrs. Looker and Sons, nt thoir rooms, farm of 170 ucros at Dandenong ; by Moasrs. Gem- moil, '1 uekctt and Co., at their rooms, tlio library of tlio late IX. JL de la Poor Wall, M.A., RItG.S.; by Messrs. Carney and Kelly, on tho premises, brick terrace and brick houso and schoolroom, situ&to; at .Nos. 41, 43 and 45 Mackeuzio-atrect, city. 