AT EASTER TIME. HOW THEY WILL SPEND THE HOLIDAYS. SALT-WATER PROVENDER. SOME EASTER S1IOWS. About Dogs And Things. You could write whole books about Easter. Peoplo Boom to lio moro daring the Holy Season then at any other time of the year. This in probably because tbe more restraint you put upon human naturo tho more the inherent cugsedness of the same gets up and kinks. Thorn nrn Eastor ntoripn and legends which, if we printed, would make Joe Cook's bair stand on an end, and ho would stop tho Bibd going through the Post Office. After a fish diot and a snries of fast- days, everybody will throw off the garb of dull caro to-morrow morning, and go for bottled porter. Whole families — entertaining tho most cordial hatred towards one another in pri vate — will rush nbout calling on ono another and playing in public at being friends. Eastor prosonts will pass from ono to another. Easier cards will como to haud, tho Eastor gooso will bo ohiin, tho Easter pudding boiled, and everything will nppear generally joyous. At thiB particular juncture the Bibd arises with a little sago advice. Thoro nro various ways of putting in the Easter. One of them is to go cumpiug. Personally, wo are very fond of this kind of exorcise; but from a long and varied experience we have come to tho conclusion that an Easter camp is usually more fraught with difficulty than any other kind. Wo have gone out to live like a savage in a tent eight Easturs. On seveu of those occasions it rained, \- " and the other ono wo met with a unique ; experience. .We got to our cainping place late in the afternoon, selected a spot near the water's edge, and pitched the tent. Wb turned in early, intending to get up at sunrise and go fishing. About 11 p.m. we were aroused by find ing onrselves floating around promis cuously. On examination it tnrned out that the camp bad been located below springtide level, and as Easter is always tbe period of springtides, we bad, in a manner of speak ing, fallon into the soup. Everything eatable about that camp during the remainder of our stay tasted of salt water. We hod a man named Jones with ns. I am aware that Jones, is not an un common name-, but our Jones was christened that way when a mere child, poor fellow, and it was no fanlt of his. Some of our party were prone to be bard upon. Jones on aceount of bis name, but I was inclined to. the theory that the fault lay rather with his parents than him- - self. Consequently I was kind , to Jones, and endeavored to protect him from insult as much as possible. I dou'tthink Jones ever forgot my kind ness on that 'occasion. He was grateful,' Itoo, dead grateful. He used .to lepd me his knife to cut tobacco, and evon borrowod ten shillings off me. I. have not seen him since. . A Anyway, Jonea.wns always blowing about tbe sea. ' Hib' father, or his mother, or ono. of his matprnal aunts had been the captain of a dredge," and " he allowed that he was born with a hereditary love of the ocean blue, and all that sort of thing. Before we got floated off on tbe night fflonfrftnn ..Trtnoa Tin./? rAgnlai) 11a tv«£ft littlo bits of Byron, and Brady, and other salty bards, and bad trolled some of Dib- dm's soa songs in a sort of contralto-cum- basso voice, and had told us sailor s yarns. Borious and othorwiso. nntil we came to re gard him as something more than a common authority on marine matters. After tbe food got impregnated with salt water, we expected to sco Jones flourish on it. - As for ourselves, -after one or two tries we went down to tlio nearest store and bought now things for ourselves. Wo. said old Jonos would bo- nil rigbt. being used to salt-water and so on \- but we liked ours out of tho salt-cellar betteA \- Jonos allowed he could swallow anything connected with the briny deep, from mussels up to sea-serpents, so he tackled somo bread . and nam and stuff that had dragged its. <-rfs6e«orind gono usLiorflon tlio fly of tho | tently ...»'; v. . - -- i mode ono meal off-the derelict pro- ij i &nSfJuit; ho1 wouldn't undertake another. J 1 the ncttleSsh had como in con- tact with the prog— -pure salt, water never hurt any man — but whatever nettle-fish: encountered they always spoiled. In spite of the nettle-fish yarn, Jones . reputation went down Beveral yards-witb " that camping party. Camping ont at Easter is all right', enough if it does not rain, bnt somehow or ' another it generally seems to rain- at Easteiv : Perhaps it will keep fine this trip, if Mr. ' Wraggo is in a good hmnor, if so, intend ing camping parties can go away into tho bosh and get snnbnrnt to their heart's content.- \- Those who aro fond of shooting will tako their guns, andCoronial arrangements will be made for them in due course. By tho way, it is not so much his own gun as that of hiB neighbor that the shooter chould bo careful of. If you go out with amateurs it is jubt as well to draw tho shot out of their cart ridges 'on the quiet beforehand. They will not drop any gome, certainly, but then the average amatenr never does, and you can put the blame on the gun. Amongst other outdoor sports by which Easter may ho celebrated with due cere mony and in good taste, that of getting up at 5 a.m. to see the sun dance should be mentioned. There is a certain religious element in it, too, that recommends it as an exercise to somo people. The. tradition tbnt the sun dances on this " particular day dates bock to somowhero about the time of Julius Ctesar. The reason it has found such general acceptance among civilised communities can bo traced to tho fact that no ono really ' e ver gets up that early on Eastor inorhing ; they tako the thing for granted, and turn ' over on tbe other side to enjoy anothor nap. Among the funny but harmless follies of . the season Easter eggs play a prominent part. We havo consulted the Racing Calendar, the Studbook. and other eminent autho- . rities without being able to discover why e<rg8 and Easter are always associated. Tho domestio hen is entitled to all the respect and reverence bestowed upon her, hut why the luscious 'fruit of tho barnyard, for which she is responsible, should bo made so much of at this particular time, heats us hollow. Late lost ovening the farqjly grocer delivered a enso of eggs at this establish- . ment. In translupping his cargo ono of those eggs fell on tho hall floor noar me. I can small it yet. Reader, if in tho course of this article you detect a foreign aroma about your newspaper, bo sure it is tho taint of that . egg. Ihoro are bad eggs, and d bad eggs. hut tho most poworfnl egg that I have yet . boon introduced to was Bmashed on our hall floor last night ? -W- 8nro that egg was laid by Methu- eelah o pot Cochin - - ' ' It most have boon at tho sacking "of Jerusalem. It was one of William the Conqueror's hoirlooins. ' It took part in tho battle of Crecy. , Was -knighted at Boaworth. Field. ' Saw. Charles II beheaded! \- Was on hand! at the surrender of Corn- wallis. ' ' Figured at the Coronation of Queen Victoria. And' fell on our front carpet ! It was an egg of man y horse-power, and I am euro it had a Ion g and honorable career extending ovor con tnries of history, but I don't want to meet any more per verted chicken like it whils t I continue to sojourn in this vale of tears. Next Easter I am determined to be taking a holiday in the country when the usual, festival consignment of eggs is de livered at our place. No moro nntiqui Romanesque sholl- grocories for mo. Phew ! I wonder if they put eggs in Eastor puddings ? What do yon think ? One of the most peculiar things about tho Easter holidays is that they always happen on the same days in the week. In all my experience I can nover recal an Easter occurring other than in this way, It will also havo been noti ced that the Agricultural Society pick Eastor week for their show. An Agricultural Show is ono of thoso things which arc continually presenting new features. Last year it was the prize pumpkin which annexed tho belt, tho year before Miss Vinegar Tart's pickles were the feature of the entertainment, this year. I fancy Secretary .Webster himself is the chief attraction. The staff have entered liberally for this year's Show. I have a prize goat on exhibition out at Moore Park. If ho had a high paper collar An TVAnld nAf. hp fiMn tn distinguish him from a Lands Department dude. Ono of our sporting men is showing a patont rat-trap of his own invention. You will find that all theBO great literary mon spend their spare time in working out littlo ideas like that. Talking of litorary men I am reminded of a story to tho effect that a certain well known lady writer for a weekly pnpor has gone into - bloomers. - No one who lias read tho young woman s weokly letter will dony that tho writer possesses an ahundanco of brains : but brains in women are rarely accompanied by calves, and. tlioreforo. it is to he trusted . that tboro is no truth in tho "bloomer rumor. Tho latter, liowovor. lina nothing to do with tlio Agricultural Show. This spocios of oxlubition is always im mensely popular amongst English people. When a Toreigner grows anything g<J6d \- his first desire is to oat it. : With an Eng- : lisjiraan tho desire is to bang the thing up- . somdWtba that everybody may come and : Ipok at it. - - , This io because a true .Englishman noyer likes to eat anything before it 'is ' stale. Our metropolitan Agricultural Show ' — most attractive aa it undoubtedly is — has grown up out of this Bimple and beau- : tifnl British custom. There is also a Dog Show. It is hard for the average big- dog to. . show consideration for the feelings of a toy-terrier or an Italian greyhound,- as it ' is hard for the big man who is in lovo with- - a girl to be kind to his smaller rival. As another safeguard against faction fights and disturbances, the committee are instructed to allow none bnt reputable dogs of good moral chnractor and high standing in the community to appoar beforo the public npon the Kennel Clnb platform; The Hen Editor's favorite mongrel was disqualified on his personal appearance only. The animal in question is the hero of a hundred fights. He is the terror of the neighborhood, and his evil reputation has spread into the next country. ' Despite this fact his ownor (like all othor dog-owners) would swear by tbe brute. He claims that he is a thoroughbred cross between a bnll-terrior and a Dal- mation dingo, and that he can tally sheep better than any other canine living. Nobody can dispute tho dog's pedigree, becauso, owing to many conflicts with other dogs, he resembles nothing so much as a run-over korosene-tin. You would think he'hnd been ' through a Bausago-mill, or in a railway accident. One ear is gone, and tho other hangs by three hairs. If be ever had a tail it must have been in some prehistoric period, for tho place where that dog's tail ought to bo has been just simply occupied by nothing within tho memory of living man. His right eye is gloscd upon this scene of mortal strife for ever; his left lacks a lid. Each leg has been broken at some timo or another, nnd the creature's hide is sectional and uncertain in character. No wonder, when nearly every dog this ' side of the Blue Mountains has bad a cliow at it. On the whole it is no wonder that the Hon Editor's "faithful bound" finds no place at tho Easter Dog Show. Oscar is likely to he particularly Wilde this Easter. He has been clean knocked out . un'der Marquis ;bf Queehshury Rales, and will bring no moro libel actions "against peers of the realm. " Libelling peers are ' a hit uncommon, although libelling peers is not. ThiB is a paradox, and we offer it to our readers as a kind of Easter gift. Usually we do not give things of value away, but this is a festive season, and people ought to try and bo generous towards one another. That is why the only original Lizzie Stoefel appears in a new rifle at the Royal, with limelight effects, and so on. Safe to say that there has never been a better conditioned Jack Shoppard on Sydney boards; but then Maggie has a light stop for a heavy-weight. As for the politician, his Easter is likely, to be a particularly happy ono. (Sir) Georgo Roid, having laid tho ghost of censure, there is no immediate fear of a dissolution, and with, that haunting Bpectro away onr ponnd-a-day politicians can make merry with a light heart. Sirenree, can, during Eastor rocoss, meditate new schemes and plans for his rival's overthrow. The old warrior's marveilouB fund of vitality shows no sign of giving out, he keeps as lively as a flea : in a blanket, -and with another ten years of life before him he should tarn Parliament ' upside down half a dozen times yet. Paolo Macari has boon playing George \- Rignold at Her Majesty's daring the week, . and tornight Mephistopheles will appear in that familiar rdlo. \- Rignold makes a good devil. Of all the devils amongst our acquaintance we should say ho is the most gentlemanly. After Easter Monday tho Water. will Hrt no hntrif n.R iiRiinl. When I used to go sailing people who knew me always predicted that I would bo drowned. I do not think so. unless I happen to fall through tho bung- hole of a beer hogshead. Drowning is not my forte. 1 was born to die. hut who knows how lie was born to dye ( That will depend upon the -original color of his hair. Tho New Woman, through somo over sight. 1ms not got any show of her own on at this fcBtivo season. She should take \- advantage of tlio golden opportunity nfforded by Eastor to push her claim. Now an Easter Saturday procession of " bloomer" beauties, headed by a banner bearing tho glorious motto " Down with Petticoats : Trousers for ovor," would bo piafc tap thing to push the cause along. By-tho-way. this is Easier Saturo . < 8 tho Old Woman, with a winning smile, rs t already laying in wait for philanthropic tbrummors round . tho corner. . The Bibd i wishes " good luck to lier -. in particular,- j and "tQftll tho world in general ' A joyous J Eastor." . ' | 