THE LIME-KILN CLUB. ! 'If Brndder Trustee fallback am tia de ball dis eavnein' I sboold like hiin to I step for'd,' said Brother 0ardner sis the J regular business of the 'meeting was J conclnded. | Brother Fallback had just crowded j in b .'tween the ttave and the wood-box r to peel and eat an onion he bad brought j along to stay his stomach with, and it ; was with considerable hesitation that be : make his appearance, i 1 Brndder Fallback, continued the ! president of the Lime-Kiln Clnb, 1 on de ! way home from chnrch last Sanday yo : declsr'd to Brndder Pickles Smith dat j yo didn't dan btliere de whale swa'lered ! Joner. ! T-yes, sah.' ' Dat same earenin', when Elder ' Toots cam ober to yo'r cabin, yo' t->Id him yo' didn't dnn believe dar was any whale aronnd at de time.' ' I was jest talking,' eth.' ' Next day, yo' met Brndder Samuel i Shin, yo' don said yo' didn't believe dar | was any sicb pneson as Joner.' ' Dad was only argyment, sab.'. | ' Brndder Fallback,' continued the . president, as he grew more earnest, ' yo' has sot right yere an' heard me read de ! bylaw agio religns disenshnns. Yo' has seen members fined an' suspended bekase dey broke de bylaws. Yo' am one of de oldest members, an' yit yo' walk ober de rales an' regulashnns as if dey war, straws on de airth ! Fust'y, why didn't de whale swaller Joner I Answer me dat !' ' I dunno, sab.' 'Secondly, wby wasn't de whale aronnd when Joner was frowed into de soa 1" Dunoo.' I Thirdly, why wasn't dar a pnsson named Joner, jist de same as dar am a pusson named Fallback F ' Dunno.' Brndder Fallback, I has met npwid jest sick pig-beaded passons as yo' am befo ! Yo' believe io ghosts, bat yo doan' believe in de whale. Yo' believe in dreams but yo' doan' believe in Joner. If somebody dun toid yo' dat a boose blowed down in Chicago yo'd take it far gospel troof, bat when de bible tells yo' 'bout Joner yo' decW it's a yarn. Bekase yo' wasn't right dar' an' seed it wid yo'r own eyes yo' argy dat it couldn't hev happened.' I I wasn't in airnest, sab,' humbly protested Pallback. ' Deo so ranch de woss for yo' ! De man who starts an argyment for do sake of listenin' to his own gab libs next doah to a fole ! Hev yo' searched de records an' failed to find dat dar' was rich a pusson as Joner F 'No, sab. 'Hev' yo' looked np de whalin' bizoess an' failed todiskiver dat dar was a wbale on baud at de proper time an' place V ' No, sab.' 1 thought not ! Hev yo' got any proofs lyin' aronnd de honse dst de bible ain't true I' No, sah.' ' Den how does it happen dat yo' am steppin' high wid yo'r hat on yo'r ear an' decl&rin;' dat yo' doan't believe in dese s'ories f Brother Pullback was silent. I bev a few mo' words to say to yo', sab !' continued the president as he ap proached the edge of the platform. ' De quickest way to let yo'r feller- men know dat yo' a tii a fulc is to argy on a mattah yo doan' know nuffiu' 'bout. Yo' may believe in the hall bible, in half of it or in none of it 'ia'l, bat yo' mnst gin odder folks de same show. Dar may be snntbio' powerful wrong bont Dan'l in de lion's den, de passage of the Red Sea an de wbale dat followed Joner, bat it looks might'y quare dat it Ebould be left to a ham- backei, knee-sprung ole man like yo' to find it all ont. Yo' am de pnsson, I believe, who took Brndder Watkins ont behind a lnmber-pile an' shook yo'r first in his face bekase be said be believed dat Adam was seben feet high !' How did he know 'bont f asked Brother Fallback. ' An how did yon kaow 'bont it ! Yo' said Adam was eight feet high, an' he said seben, Dar' am no figeers to be had as to Adam's bight, weight or how far be conld jamp. Boat of yo' jess guessed at his tallnesa, an' Brndder Watkins was as liable to be right as yo' was. It wasn't ober to' weeks ago dat yo was gwine to thump Brndder Johnston at his own gate of a Sunday eavenin' bekase he differed wid yo' bont Noah's ark. Yo1 said it was painted red an' he said it was bine, an' yo' reached out fur hiB neck. Wharabonts did yo' find one de color of de ark I In what part of de Bible did yo' strike de redness of it T Brother Fallback hung his head and scraped at the fioor with his foot, sad the president raised his voice a note higher as he continued : ' Go an' sot down, Brndder FoIIback 2 1'zj gwine to continue yo'r case far another week or two 2 At de next meetin' inebbe yo'U cum aronnd an tell ns dat yo' has concluded dar' was a Joner an' a whale, an' dat yo feel a heap better to git it off yo'r mind. If yo' doan' do bo den we'll know dat yo' hev decided to resign from dis lime- Kiln Clnb an' jine wid de 'Ancient Order of Disbelievers,' an' we'll bid yo' good-bye an let yo' go ! Let us now blow ont de lights an perambulate to our homes.' 