A PILLOW TRAGEDY. The Belated Confession of One of the Guilty Conspirators. Oar village was pretty small when I first came to it. Bat then, as far as tfaal is con cerned, I was pretty email myself, and so in every way suited the village. In thinking aver my own youthful days it seemed to me ? pity that tbe history of that village should, go unrecorded lor want of ? historian. Sol propose, in lack ot a better nerson cumin? forward, to write some of the particulars or ibe history of this quiet village. I shall eall it Brueeville, because that was not its name, and yet it is near enough the name to be lecognised by any of ila eminent oitueai ? while the assumed title, I hops, will protect'' me if an exasperated popniaoe should under tike to bring a libel suit ?gainst aw, or M take into tin oonrts of law an* «{*??&\-- Popular ilTu tos« cxi^rtwftS^ anynag ot yoBoastan who M rJebly dV- ssnadioaotUi of a prison Ihmo weiiai , h»wysttohet*eHhimn had somTas- i p™*^oy«if toberngtatlarfsr of thin gang of boy*, hot I have to atai* that time were man among as who ooold astonish ,-wn mem ?aggestingoew and «oteruining crimes whet went to ha aonmittea on the «aM»UsAstartii-l«JNa-vUI-ge. ^w|^«'«y»-hoaala«it-TS»yfiiiabriok sehool, and I bsiis** there is a principal than and assistaal taaahars, and a great many otbaHfafcgs thai wan not prevalent i wbenlwMsha^IwajnotiMflrataahool j that was awoaMrt^BMeswla.aiid that was the first aahod I o««- went to myself. The teacher was a mag woman who had amass«- a .great deal of knowledge an panody; atleait we thought* at the tima, and the people of the village rented the lower story of a resiisice lora sehool-honse. I have rathgdhnrnooHaaMons of my straggle with leaning through the first book. I vaguer* nmembsr Mas trooneed once or 'T10!!—!,1 *'? '» '*-***» - *» wb*» the trouble was. I know that even at that «rfj ?»»!**» 'M** ?? beta, a boy who, it he had kept oofajhswafhelttd started was going to develop into a veritahU monster of wickedness. I oan tmmembar that there was a oettain feeling among some of us that we ware not at all the favorites of this tsasher, and I babno to this day that the ^ teacher did not have the taet toooaoaal net ' preferences. This partiality was bought to a climax one summer's day by her inviting I «U her favorite pupils op to her house, or I 'be house, ol her father, to engage in the TilJ dissipation of games and oraoking nnts, &n;& BQeh like hilarious enjoyment. Four or. «e of oa were not invited, and that night I went early to bed. When the young scoun drels of tbe village wanted to start out on a career oi depredations we always went to bed sarly. Eaqh of tbe boys had a particular rty of getting out of the house unknown to the other inmates, and my own means of exit wop crawling through the window on to the kitchen roof, getting down that on the :op of a board fenee, and then from that to ih- Ground. We always oallected each othor by mysterious whistles, imitations Irom the whip-poor-will or qaail, and in go idg to our rendezvous wa skirted along tbe .'ci:ce cr in tbe dark shadows ot buildings, crunching down with oor oaps drawn over cur nyci. This was to avoid poiisihle die. covery, ollhongh there was no person in ci1' lion that wonld have thought anything el it if he had met as right in the middle of ica Birnjt, anyhow. Still, there was a cer tain delight in making a sneak for it, and on l' in ?jianiculi.r occasion four or five of on had HhIuot;' (or the purpose ol breaking up that peri)' el t!ic teacher's house. The teacher b lonjjed !o a large family ot pioneers who had ecattcicd around that neichborhood. Ain number ol the family had the same nuuiCR, liotl, first and ftccond, various adjoc tivcn win.'Ufi'il to designate tbe particular one mci.ui. Her father was known as ?? H«r.in|,j ' John, because he lived on the othor -.:fV i-l the bivaup, about half a mile ui-t'i:: frcia tbo villnge. Another relative v.,.? rr.Kf 0 ?' Hilly ' John booaune he lived on t'.ic Iiruw n( a hill. The swamp through which vo lisd to vats io get to Swampy John's house was a weir j, lonesome place, which took at least six toys, together, eaoh protesting that I'.o was net tho '.east afraid, to ctobb it. Any ?;nt-ta boy, or nn;. two of us for that matter, w.'.'i-ld hivu willingly chosen to «o to perdi ihn cath«r than to eroia tbnt swamp in th-- uiehttimt. But the main roaa that parsed Crouxli the village led through tbo ;w∓, n.id tho first hours on the other tide wse S j auipy Joho'e. After a whiepereil consulta tion it vr»b resolved that we should mak.. up it livimp ghost with which to scare the life out ??* the teacher and eoholara. It may be mentioned that on the occasion of this parly the .lAbbei'ti father and mother were away visiiJupeomewhere, and would not be back tl'ui tiight. 'Cbir we hod learned from the Ir.-iuntita invited pupilo, who tola it ns an So.-iicmtiott ton jo;1 would be dnoonu'ned -.nd that there wonld be no older licuds present to interfere with the amueeinent. Xbe gbon was made up as follows: A pillow wo. taken and a string tied around tbe middle of it. Then blaok pieces of cloth were pinned lo represent mouth, none and eyei. A piece ut red flannel was pinned to the blaok mouth io that it bung out in o picture* qae fashion and added to thsjiftaettfeeett ol the pillow as we hid fixMHj Aropewaa then tied atoona the OsntfiW tbe pillow to give it b general ruembMna to a man being hsnged, and with tlSwtt tbe conspirators started along tha lOSjBfbat led through the bigewamn; TbeaW»fsof the swamp may be understood whm.J gay, « we passed sloog the loneaome tWia that was ent through It, we all bMime terrorised at our own pillow, and one£f the weaker brethren beoame so frightenei that he started back, but realising the f act tb-t he would have to treed the rest ot Ihjjteartul way alone he eluok to us, belrig lee»! afraid to be in our company even nith^he frightful ghost we had with us, than go' blck to the village aloiie. When we ciuHoBsly eUmbed over the fence and got ipto the yard that surrounded SwampySJohn's house, we orawlod up along tha wee to tbe residence itcclf. Of course waMjghl eMily have goae in by the gate aM op the walk, bat that wouldn't have lad tbe daredevil «Ssct that we wi..! to ptwioee «ten among oor selves. Tbe tibiue wMgaily lighted op, and the coiie-of ravelryi ooold be.hfarf. The curtains in the front hU keen polled down, bnt the side window was oartaialaas, and there we ananged |w nefarious eosiaass. A pole was stack op JaMinit the houss.to which the rope was tjMtbat rassenosd the frightfal-looking Duttlfsnd theSow was then swung to and ft& to that it wonld beat gently against thr^-window-pane. The (Oests ot a EmMltv.seberae an never noUeeable until the ientlM itself U tried. We now saw that wlifnuM have brought a sheet with usto wtapUOnaA tbe lower partof tbe pillow so a« to gini more realistio view to oar ghost. Taking apwo tbe pols again and lowering tha rope somewhat, ft wu so ar ranged that tbe head ot the apparition appeared just above the window-nll, and there was nothing bdow to Intimate that the f!fai»tciimotoan-bro|A«onelasion, and no thing to *how an inteetiRathig person that it was a pillow and not* ghost. Ovsr the sill of every window a ooBsplrator was psering in to see who would first notice the apparition at the uncqrtainea pane. When it was dis covered an uneanhly shriek rent tbe air. I never knew who it -was that saw it first or who it was that jave the ehriek. Bat instantly every eye was directed to the terrible Bpeotn;at the window. One universal howl went from the goosta.; The little girls and little boys dung rMnd the skirts of the Bohool mistress, and jha tor she must have been only a girl hanpf, although we thought her at that time facMnbodimant of old age and wisdom— was jolt as frightened as the rest. iMeitarMatWHMrition with dilated eyes and white faesmllhad a very good view ot her and 1 tbongtftor the moment she was going to taint; jane children all around her wen soreamingttd trying and howling tor help when there|ras no help. Bat the school ma'am was«*#sr grit. Like the other lady ot tbe adage,|ahe did not believe in ghosts, bot she was|afnid ol them. She know the lonely aSutton of the house and ! realised the fact that it would still bean '. hour or two before the- first of the parents ! came with lacteou to bring home their i children. BheknewthetiftbeahiUjren were | not eslmeS down then wouldn't be any of them to bring tome before another ten . minutes. So she Auiskly shook her skirts free from the olingini yonngeters, and lor a ! moment we thoDghFtbatahe was going to ! gome out and siSttar os, and then our I hearts stood Ml ;|BM- sprang to the door | eiid threw it wWJt^and the next words she apoke etj lit* tiiminto the hsarts of the ' vfluinonj oonsBiranav ' ? that the pi&wlwwj;» banging at the wudow. - ?«%;'^f JfT; ? Xbe next day 4ht question in the quiet vtHiags| wat: 'SfU.-Josi a pillow 7' The people of tn**-Us£iimaeuaalised at the outrage that had^era oommltted, and every one eoantedpiiowf. Alas ! and alas ! in oar hoote than was one pillow short, and many a time next dayl wished I had that pillow to sit nowog». ' Ax what ags wan you married f ' she asked, inquisitively. Sat the other lady was equal to the, emergency, and quietly re sponded, ' At the parsonsge.' A fobmil, tashiotiablB visitor thus ad dressed a little girl: 'How are you now, my dear?' ' Very well, thank yon,' was the reply. Tbe visitor then added : 'Now, my dear, you should «ak me how ( am.' The girl simply and honestly replied : ' l don't want to know/1 