Rival Councils. Local precedent inclines one to believe that the holding of two pic nics simultaneously on the same ground, is apt to provoke strife. What is occurring at Hobart goes far to show that the conclusions drawn from local precedent are sound ones. The Federal Council is op in arms against oeing oversnacLowea oy xne meeting of premiers, and the Federal Councillors, apparently filled -with, a sense of the importance they think to be conferred upon them by superior numbers, have indulged in a notable amount of plain speaking. Mr. Ttjejteb, of Victoria, and Mr. Nel son, of Queensland, who are premiers a* well as Federal Councillors, tried, at the opening of the Council sitting yesterday, to soothe the. wounded feel ings of their fellow Federals, but their efforts met with, little success. Mr. i Bxbites, Attorney- Geueral for Queens land, who followed Ms chief, spoke of the meeting of the premiers as ' a meet ing of six individuals outside.' The word ' individuals ' conveys a world of bitterness. And then there fol lowed indications of further danger ahead. When we first wrote con cerning the meeting of premiers at Hobart we expressed a doubt as to whether the apparent jumping of Sir HenbV Pahees's federation claim by Mr. Reid was not {likely to make trouble. Mr. Reid, when speaking at Melbourne seemed to be haunted with somewhat the same misgivings himself ; he sought to propitiate oir ixenry .rARKiis, saying xnav nis great work should not be forgotten. Sir Henry waa remembered at tbe Fede ral Council even more than Mr. Held could have desired, and was raised up as a sort of Banquo's ghost by various speakers. Sir Sows Forbest, of West Australia, did the candid friend to the past and present freetrade leaders of New South Wales, saying with more truth than politeness, that he had endea voured to find a reason for the atjfci tude of New South Wales towards the Federal Council, and had ascer tained that the rival politicians there were the cause, each wisning to nave tne credit or inaugurating the larger movement. Then Mr. Dobson of Tasmania made a noteworthy suggestion. He thought that if Sir Edward Braddon could have induced Mr Reid, or one or two of hie Ministers to come to Hobart accompanied by Sir Henry Parses, Mr. Barton, and Sir George Bibbs, and join a conference, to be held after the rising of the Council, he (Sir Edward) would have covered Hobart and him self with glory. To this it may lie said that, though about the glory there may be doubts, there can be no doubt about the liveliness of the debates that would have risen among the New South Wales dele gation here suggested. The re maining speakers of th© Council did not give any hint concerning personal grievances that have arisen, through one man being superseded by another^ bat they were all' loud against the Council being eclipsed by the premiers. - .. What has now to be confiidetedbe yond ! She personal question is a diBeulty ?feat has aLao been already suggested. X£ an ordinarily qtoet and: amiable 4x-ay line vine .reaerai uouncu. can be raised to such excesses of indignation by the idea' . -that the premiers, though the latter nTBftiATTw &xnr; '- ^3nczi - . uxtssntioiij sxq eclipsing it, what will ietiie attitude of the six -vigorous .and somewhat turbulent parliaments of Australia, when they are' aeked^ as 'they will have to be, to pass - bills ex pressly ' flar-Hnrj-ng themselvfeB ssve lally incompetent to appcdnidalegatBB to draw up a constitution, and incom petent, or less competent than the body of the people, to pronounce on the merits of a constitution when drawn up ? According to the reso lutions of the Premiers, to which by i3ie way only three out of six premiers agreed, unreservedly, the only thine the Parliaments will have to do with .the Federal Constitution, after it is once drafted, is to vote, whether they -will or 'will not recommend it by address for the assent of the Im perial Government. To the ideas of the premiers there are three dis sentients among even themselves. Mr. .Nelson (Queensland) generally concurs, only JJiinTHng that each colony should be left free to decide for itself the way in which it should ascertain whether its population apr proved the constitution. This quali fication is evidently due to* doubts as to the virtues of the referendum. Sir John Forrest (West Australia) objects to shelving the Common wealth Bill of 1891, objects to the parliaments being ignored in the initial stages of constitution making, thinks that the parliaments should, after a general election, select a con vention to finally settle the constitu tion, and holds that there should be no referendum. Mr. Kingston (South Australia) wants proceed ings to be narrowed down. to a federation declaration, the election of a convention, and the sub mission of the constitution to the electors. After all this one is told that the premiers exprees themselves highly gratified . at the almost unanimous result to which the de liberatious have been brought. If so the Premiers must be easily satis fied. Federation would be an excel lent thing, but there are six lions in the path of the present scheme. The six Parliaments (ji. will object to being snubbed by the referendum. In connection with the visit to Wyalong of the Minister for Mines and Agriculture, one is forcibly reminded 'tis folly to be wise. When Mr. Sydney Smith started on his journey westward he waa in blissful ignorance of the fact that there were really two Wyalonga, one of which ie known as^. Wyalong West, and that there was a rivalry between the two quarters of the most in veterate, if not the most edifying character. Had the Minister understood the real nature of differences between the two townships, and been familiar with the names by which each describes the other, and the amenities they keep up, he might possibly have postponed his visit until the two places had ' out grown their present strained relations. Indeed, the thought occurs that Mr. Sydney Smith's aetnfce predecessor, Mr, Slattery, probably ' knew a little more about the. prevailing sentiments of the locality than he cared to say, and that this knowledge acoounts for the fact that there had been no Ministerial visit to the field while the ex-member for Burrowa was in office. However this may be, the present Minister found himself in a most delicate situation before he reached the end of his jpurney on Wednes day. He was the guest, and in the hands of the 'WeBt' party, but had first to run the gauntlet of a triumphal arch and addresses of welcome from the op posing faction. That he got through at all without leaving portions of his anatomy in one camp and portions in another is not a little creditable to his diplomacy. It is all . over the official Bite of the town, this trouble between the W.'s and the W.W.'s. The miners perversely determined to 'sit down' where they could be within easy reach of their claims, and not a couple of miles away, where the Government township was laid out ; and business people saw the advantage of putting up their stores and hostelries among those who were to be their customers; the re sult being that the Westenders, being superior I to sanitary considerations, far outnumber those who originally camped, and now stay, on the official site. One of many complications and inconveniences of this split up is in connection with the Mining Registrar's Office and the Police Office. The Mining Kegisfrrar is a sergeant of police, and his duties as a memuer 01 vne iorce oiwu necessi tate the closing of hia office as Registrar for the best part of the day. As the two offices are over two miles apart the inconvenience is apparent. The Wyalong people want the Eegiatrar's Office shifted to their quarter, where the Police Office is ; bnt the Wyalong West party won't hear of raoh an arrangement, which wonld be a serious inconvenience to them, and they far outnumber those in the offioial township. It is a pretty situation, to be sure, for a- good-natured, mild-mannered Minister like Mr. Sydney Smith to have to face. ? But the most serious want felt on the field is water. In droughty weather, which is the prevailing condition, there is very little water to be I-ad- ana wnat mere is is so caa as to oe utterly unfit for consumption— little short, iadeed^ of deadly poison. The White Tank) at the western extremity of Wyalong West, is the chief source of supply for those who haven't the means of storing up xain water in tanks, and it labors nnder the horrible suspicion of being the receptacle of no little of the filth drainage from portions of the settlement. The recent fall of rain has slightly brightened the prospect of the unfortunate people, and the visit of the Minister, if not taken as exactly that of an angel, was almost as welcome as the rain — witness the enthusiasm they put into the banquet they gave him on Wednesday. Doubly welcome must have been the an nouncement of the Minister thai he had given instructions to 'the contractor i© take steps to have the tank at Wyalong completed in. three or four weeks,, so that if rain «ame there would be a plentiful supply of pare -water; and as to Weal Wyalong the hon. gentleman cheered the hearts of his . hearers by declaring that in structions have been given to prepare plans for a new lank. The intended help has been tardily decided upon, it is trae, but that iSBoaroely the fault of the present Minister. It requires So little moral courage for men, even tbe hardiest, to dig and delve and live amid such unhealthy asd cheer less Burroundinsrs. It is hard graft and hard fare, and the miners of Wya. long and Wyalong . West, , who are liberal coHtribntow to the poblio revenue, andwhofcdd Bteadily to the public wealth, desem ; for man liberal feaatmeBt thaa they have jet received at the hands ol tbe. jUnes Departaacnt. Tfaay kav« lair cause to gratefuuF remember the first vtoft of tiiehwd of that flapMrtmtat to tiwte fUfrS. ? The collision through which the Gar. zcan mail steamer Elbe was sunk in Use 'North Sea is one of the most ter rible marine catastrophes reported for a long while. It will recall that which, a few months -ago occurred in Australasian waters, the loss of the Wairarapa on the Great Barrier Island. Unlike in other respects as were the two catas trophes, there was 'at least . a mournful similarity in one respect, the suddenness with which both vessels met their fate. At 6 o'clock on Wednesday morning the Elbe -was struck amidships by Borne unknown vessel, and went down in twenty minutes with most of those on board. Passengers and orew num bered some three hundred and seventy. Of these only twenty, so far as is yet known, escaped Is a boat, in which ther reached the English coast in a half frozen state. Of another boat which got away with people in it from the sinking vessel nothing has been heard, and it is supposed to have perished. It seems strange that the vessel which struck the Elbe should have passed on her course, and that no attempt should have been made to ren der assistance. It, can hardly have been because those on boaxd of her may have thought she was the worse damaged of the two. If she be, as is suspected, identical- with a Bteamer which has reached Rotterdam, the conduct of those in charge of her, in flying from .the place where tn«y had sent the other vessel to the bottom, exhibited either gross stupidity^ or gcoss inhumanity, or perhaps both. The arrest of the French President at the Blysfee by a sentry, to whom M. IWure was inable to give the password, was an incident iriiich is pretty safe to provoke laughter. Among a people bo ready to catch the ludicrous side of things is the French are, M. Faure may, it all events, reckon on more jibes than sym pathy in respect of his late adventure. Of 3onree it will recall all sorts of stories of a similar kind, of men who, when meeting with distinguished personages, temporarily divested, as it were, of the glories of their birth and state, or of what were equivalent to such, either pretended not to know them, or actually did not. 'For great men to conceal themselves in taking their walks abroad is a thing as old, at any rate, as the days of the Caliph Haronn Alraschid, aud very probably it had been a venerable custom long before that famous Com mander of the Faithful was heard of. The nero of Agineourt, as Shakspere has pictured him. was, as we all know, fond of going round in. the style of the Arabian Caliph, and learning for himself what his people were talking about. These were, however, instances of great men really disguising themselves, and being anxious, above all things, not to be identified. The cases in which awkward ?ituations have been brought about by simple inadvertence, or forgetfnlness on the part of important officials, are perhaps still more numerous. Many yarns axe told of celebrated Generals being suddenly brought up by their own ontposts, and of -being in imminent danger of their lives: The names of the first Napoleon and of Wellington have been associated with such tales. No doubt they are likely to have been founded on facts — faots which are not to be deemed the less authentic for being so very much alike. Some of the funniest stories about people who either failed to stake themselves known when they did their best in that way, or who were too readily recognised when they didn't want to be, come from Ireland. There is a good one on record of a dis tinguished party that visited a lunatic asylum in Dublin. Among the party, was an eminent judge. He happened to loiter for awhile in a email room after his companions had left. When he ap proached the door his exit was stopped By a burly attendant, who took him for a patient. Argument and remonstrance were useless. Choking with indignation, the judge told the attendant who he was. 'That's all right, my ould buck,' he cheerfully answered, ' av coorse you're a judge ; and shure we've got six Lord Chancellors hera already.' Aji exLord Lientenant of Ireland once had a colloquy with a DnDlin carman, the point of which turned the opposite way. He came across to Ireland incog, to pay a flying visit to a small property which he had bought in Galway. Wrapped in a shabby old cloak, and with a shabbier portmanteau in his hand, be hailed a car as he landed from the packet boat. The horse which drew the vehicle be haved in so alarmingly eccentric a manner, violently kicking first, and then coming to a dead halt, that the passenger jumped out of the car, at the same time venting curses, both loud and deep, on man and beast. ' Ah, my lord,' said the fellow with a comical leer, ' don't be hard on the poor horse ; the truth is that he's never been quite himself since your lordship left Ire land.' 