SINGULAR OCCURRENCE AT SINCLETON, A MYSTERIOUS APPARITION. A CHASE AFTER THE MYSTERY. (From our Exchanges.) SINGLETON, TUESDAY. The town is much excited over the sup. posed appearance of a ghost. Some years ago a man named Vickery, who had in his possession a large sum of money, is alleged to have left Singleton one night for his home at Bulga, and to have been seen for the last time when going down to the river near Fawecett's paddocks. He never reached home, and his disappearance up to the present moment is altogether unaccounted for. Since Vickery vanished there have been rumours of strange lights and appari tions about the locality in which he was last seen alive. It is said that a well-known resident, while walking along the road one evening in the gloaming, overtook, as he thought, a personal friend, and he tapped this supposed friend on the shoulder, only to find that his hand met no resistance, but went through something unsubstantial. The wraith or form, which he tried to touch, immediately vanished. During the last month or two it is asserted that strange lights have been seen hovering about in a paddock near the spot which is said to be haunted, and these lights make their appearance at 8"35 p.m. On Friday night last a party of six or seven, including Mr Playford and his son and Mr Moran, employees at the railway station, went to watch for the light. At the hour expected a light suddenly made its appearance in a paddock nearly opposite the cemetery. When first seen the light was about the size which would be emitted from a hand lantern, but different from that in appearance, being thin and diffused, without a very definite centre. It was a little above ground, and moved to wards the party of watchers, apparently without the aid of human agency. After it had travelled within 100 yards or so of the observers, it stopped. The watchers then began to approach the light, when a regular " will o' the wisp" chase com menced. As the pursuers approached the light, which had gained considerably in size, it began to retreat at a rate exactly regulated to the movements of the followers. If they ran, it moved very quickly, and kept pace with them. If they walked, it went at a slower rate; if they stood still, it stopped. Finally, after lead ing them a pretty long chase in the paddock and by the river, the mysterious light vanished, and was seen no more that night. A party of over 100 people, on horse and on foot and in buggies, were out last night, They watched for a long time, saw nothing, and most of them returned to town, but a few who remained later assert, however, that they again saw the mysterious light. 