.arrEMSioQE! Nmyrsw 1 Wlion tlio announcement of the unexpected j death.-. of ..Sir r James/Patterson pii jYbdncsday , afternoon, bocanie niorb iwidoly; known yesterday! morning by the niodium r:of ' tlio Press, deep: rogrot wna expressed, not only in this electorate but all 'over -the .colony. Shop' windows 'wore shuttored,! '"arid lings were at lialf-inast' ovbr tlio prominent 'buildings in this andbthor'tewiis, for Sir James was" hcld-in'th'e- biglicst 'cst'cciii'by all classes' of.rthaTcommunity:;.- His. jpliiceo willf.be very hard to! fill— politically and socially— and his demiso . is deplored as much 'by thoso who only had slight'iicqiiaintanco'' with hiiri 'as by 'others whoso intimacy extends oyer a poriod'-of 40 years.' "''AM will bo obsorv'cd'by our report, of, the Castlemnino Borough Council meeting,'' bold' fur a fow niinutesdrist- joveiiihgiTthntybodyTgavo full expression to their profound regret at the dentil of. -the "distinguished politician..! Erich! Councillor spoke in thciinost oulogistic -.tornis of Sir. Jamos, rind'theCoiirieil thereafter adjourned for. a week as a tribute of respect to tlio memory of:. de ceased/ vTlie'.Councillors rvill.attonditlie . funeral to-day in a body, niid a large umnhcr of residents.' of ' Itlio I town and ' other portious of thor.Castlbmniiio electorate will also attend the ob.Hcquies. r .Tho . funpi'id ryill ' move from ducensed's Into residence '-at' Murrumbcona at 1.15 a 'o'clock,' f . passing ' ':. over ' . Princpfs Bridgo about thrco o'clock. .'.Tlio. cortege will doubtless bo one of the longest seen in Mel bourne, so greatly, respected aud admircd was our late senior representative in 'Parliament. Tho Government has ordered a hundsomo. wreath of choice llnwors, and the mom hers of 'the 'Legis lative Assembly a mngnificont design, represent ing a large wrentli oncircling nn alienor. A moiigst others.who are sonding dinndsome wreaths to be placed on' the ' coffin are the members of the literary, and .composing, staffs of the Mount Alexander M ail Office. ' ' ' '1 i For the i amusement, and perhaps edification,, of our readers,, weliave niado arrangements with. Miss Ruth Annabel, graphiologist; tho liaturo. of w.hioh appears' inTaiipther column.;! The lady is. said to be ekilful; at , delineating,, character,: by means of handwriting, and if young iVladics .wAiit to kiiow rilUribout thoir-sweethearts and '.vice, versa, ' an op port unity'-now offers.':1 W o" inay say that MissuAnnabql ilias .submitted, to: us very satisfactory .testimonials.- i 1 < ' ;At' the quarterly, 'meeting on-' Wednesday of tho Castlemaiue' district G.U.O.O.F.;-- at the Imporial Hotel, delegatos wero prcsont from Daylosford, Maldori, Fryers, Taradalo, Camp bell's Creek and Chewton. ; The- report' showed n QitViAAeofnl cfnf a nf nfTutPS ' Asocial under" tho .auspices of tho Loyal Devonshire Lodge; i.d.O.F.y-wos held at tho Criterion!. Hotel , on . Wednesday night,. , and passed, off; cnjoyably. Songs . and . recitations wore rendered by several members and friends, especially Miss Barnes, Mcsdriincs M'Glonchy, and Kemp j Messrs Humo and Palmer, i., An amusing sketch, ' 'A,-, ghost, lot; loose, " concluded tho social, the success of ' which was largely due to Messrs Hopkins (Chairmnn)mul Komp (Secre tary).' ' . ' "" ' ' v:-: " Tho Liedertafcl' will' hold their fifth' concert on tho 26th inst. As usual; an excellent' programme lain courso of preparation;', and thti 'nssoeiated Indies' choir will, also assist.' ' , ; There was a large' attondahbo a't'tlie funeral of Mrs Davis, oftWesley Hill, yesterday, notwith standing, the accidental .overlook qfYiotihsc the funeral notice. Tlieservice'nt.'tho grave was read liy the Rev.7 .\V; A.'iWhitney, and the Welsh singers' plaintively rendered ihymns. : , Owing to tho regrottablo death of; Sir James Patterson the Railways Standing Committee has decided to defer); itsTconteinplntcd, visit, to tho Mahsfiold' district till this day Week; when it will inspect the country between Mansfield and Tomliu, and wiH'probably visit Tooriibullup. Two siiddon deaths , .wore . rbportcd to the police yesterday,, both (occiri.'Hng in j tlio .ftbddon district. . Senior- constable ' Kchnyi" of Maldoii, was apprised .of the;-.death-ofr:RpbortyRisk, of, Porcupine'Flat, .who had only been ill for n few. days, rind "was rccoivin'g<no fmedicnlritteiulnncc. Constable; O'Callaghah, of Bitritigliup, lmd't-ii rnthor peculiar report to ritnke. A mail named Thomas.iNooriah; '46 'ychrs 'of- ago, ' suddenly dropped dead at' Schmidt's Hotel, Baringliup, whilst eating, somo bread ' arid 'sausage. '> The death occuiTcd on .Wednesday, and; Coroner Anderson will hold an inquiry, as also' into the case of Robert. Risk. , .... „ - , ..Tondors nro invited -by . the .ppnimissipnerrpf Public Works for the removal of school-buildings at Musk Yale. . Yestordiiy tlirco- waggons;iadpn|withV ,71 hales of wool, arrived from Echuoii ,',ori rout'e'/to Mel bourne. Tho distance that will "lie ''covered by tlio teams is 171 miles/ and "as the freightage by road is .cheaper thnu by rail, the consignment in question affords another .proof .as to! why the railways don't pay. !( \; :. .-"Swimmer" writes suggesting that, in. con nection ! with the re-opening of; the butlis in tho Botanical Gardens, a ;small- charge should ho mado at/thogates to onlookors, the monby to. ho devoted ..towards . providing' .prizes for the hoys for swimming during tho afternoon that tlio baths are declared. opon for the season. . ;! Tlio ball and'k'upp'or given; by tho Guildford Brass Band'(writes a correspondent), as a wind ing up of thoirr niosti miceessful ,c|uiidrillo. as-- sombly, was hold ; on ,-\Yednesday..;.in'Punstah's Hnll, and was a:' decided success; , Thudiall- was decorated in - a beautiful 'manner by tlio ; ladies. Miss Kirkpatriok' ontiroly:6xcolleil; ill tlio - work sho porfonned.' A bout ' 40 ' couples ia- ipped the light fantastic 'until' 'daylight' ' appeared, to spirited music discoursed By the mombers of tho hand. -'Tlio' suppdr/-proidd(xbvbyiMr Philpot, was .much appreciatcii. - On lio provious, occa sion has - the drcssos, worn by tho ladies boon inoro' beeoiniiig. aiid in,' hetfor stylo' and ,'tnsto. Although Constiihlo/Nqwliiiv'; w'jis'',prosoii't all night, diis'sprvicesAvofo nb callod .in'tpfreqiuHi- tion',', aiid pvoiy'thiiig piisscd ' off , withdut'a single, luf.nll . . .»s ' - Mrs Bella Sovior, aged 28 yearswlio.. resides in Foord-stroet,'.Ballarnt East;' mot-, with a son- sitioiml accident-onAVcdnesday, falling'down an abandoned shaft/ She. was rbmdvod.to'thbiHos- pitnl, and nfter . she . was treated: for some con tusions of the abdomen,' she ' was rib'le ! to leave for. home, -The lady .expects:; sooii to become a mother, and under the circumstances her oscape from sorious injury is marvellous. An old resident of Tronthnm, named Neill M'Aulay, attempted-suioido yesterday morning .by outting-his' -throat, with a razor. He' was found sitting on -n''log' sniiib 'distance from his homo, with a fearful' gash in his throat. Dr Sleeman stitched the wound up, and the old mnn lies in a critical condition.. , , - The WheatSheaf Hotel, Sydii'ey-road, Cainp- holltiold, was dostroyod ;hy firo at an early hour on AVednosdny /< morning.- ; . Tlio owner and ; licensee, Mr, G. : Grundy; . had rotired.'with his .family at tho' usual hour tlio provious night, and at that time overy thing appeared. to he safe.' At : about 2 o'clock in-tho moniing Mr Grundy wiis- /(wakened by thoinoiKe of flames, ; and'- hastily i arising 'found tlio- building woll' alight. : Tho adults' contrived easily to esbapo, but tho cliil-' dron, who wore sleeping ht the rear of the up-' stairs fiat, .wore in great peril, and wero only, saved by being lowered " from : their bedroom to tho ground with tlio aid: of their blankets, which wero twisted 'Into ropes,' ?.,<; 5 i . Mr ;G. W. Burton, . President of the Mel- bourne Bicycle Glub, arid Mr T. .'Hunter, 'of Buudigo, have completed their tour of New. Zeal'ind,' and nro now; on their way haok to , Vic-i torin, While iii Now Zealand tlioy tr'nvbllod 2000 miles. r-\ .... Mist Louisa . Lawrence,'! of . Taradalo, has secured a' vordiet; against ; tho; Kynetoushiro Council »s . compensation for the injuries she sustained' oii JMarch 18 -liiWt 'by-'fnllirigiritb- a cutting or quarry iii Ponnithornc- strcot, jdgo Casey gpeheroa vfirdiptffor; LjfiO.'iwitii costs amnuiitihg.fw.L12.lf3. . : Tlie l?ow Ohiuji'ihijie, ij'prbnunbnt M'urohison poperty, ln»s'g|e/i|)ed i;p pi>Q tons for 025oz. : A man named Browmand'his wifo, tho former' describin/' himself '-an- a doctor, have been ar- ' rcate'd <atl Palmorston iNortii'nin; connect ion iwith thn death of alyoung iw'onian" upon : whom itois: bcliov'ed that -- a 'criminal operation ' was pur- \ formed. rlu- , f,..;:;.;. ,,'I ., ? i ; An ncbident involving the suddon 'death ' of a; youth of 19 nnmed'William Cowan,; the son ofm minora residing! iit1 -North :>Clunc8,'« occurred; on: Wednesday;;. 'i The docen8cd'was: io the; employ of Mr William Bickcrton, baker, as driver..,; Ho had .i ust deli vered bread to a customer, ' lind was in- tho;. act of remounting the cart 'when the horso sworved; i Tho' vehiclo ' capsized,; and ; fell on the deceased,' breaking; his' neck. 'Denth'was ihstantiinoous.a.ii'l' : : A .-i; . ; Zimmofmnrii' tho bhampiontoyolist/'Wiis a" "pas senger. for Bristianb hy iho expression AVedtiea- day. Ho proposes 'staying1 in Sydney a fovv days before proceeding ito';Queui)shind.'a:Two /other cycling celebrities -'Martin, intho'. dqng-distnnbo ohnmpion . of .'America, :! and: Porter;i'tho Itnlian ehnriipion— havoleft f»r-Melbouriie.;';'Thoypro- pnse.conipeting ih'nllitho-Australian capitals.: ! _ The' condition, of the.' crops tint the north1 and north-western' portions of the colony' iit the pre sents timcv. is such its to. cause the gravost appre hensions of- partial,' tirnd inisoiiibUlistricts'total; failure; for ' this 'seiison. Formontlis farmers liavu'been hoping almost agninst'liope that good soaking 'rains: would fall;' but ( the '-'season/ lias proved a'; singularly dry ne'.in' most parts, : and if present' appearances aro judged tin the light of past oxjieriencus, n severe drought is likely to be felt ;ovor tho whole of'.tlie northern lortions of tlio ,colony. Whether rain conies or not it' is now' nppnrontvtliat a large' area of land sown to cereals this season will yield absolutely no grain, for tho very sufficient reason that stock lmvo al ready beon turned into the cultivation paddocks, owners recognising tho hopelessness, of; expect ing a return in any other form;; Tho Law Instituto' sunimoned'Henry- Edward Hodgkinsbn; solicitor, boforo' Mr Jiistieo Wil liams for alleged liiisconduct in a 'casii in which he had been ' retained by Mrs 'Margaret Smith; Mi-s Smi tli, ' in an affidavit; ; stateil ' that she re tained ' Hodgkinsoii'1 to; recover.".; from4 Joseph Bethel im amount bf! L!) 14s 6d;:due for rent. Ho subsequently 'informed' her that 'tho;; case had been ' ; postponed - with' a' View Of settlement. A few' days afterwardB' a -bailiff-took possessiim'qf her furniture,'; iind : she loarnt that owing to tlie negligence of Hodgkinson the caso'dind beoii struck out with costs, and Mrs Smith had to pay Lll '10s, -in addition to- L5 5s previously ad vanced to -Hodgkinson.; His Honor said the only inference' he could draw from his silence was that Im ' tiitttflnnmtit'iiibifl f.lin mnn'nv irlvnn Intn' wiis suspended' for 12 months, ' and onlored to pay the' costs' of the motion,' and to bo further suspended until tho costs were paid. 'An notion brought by -Mrs Lucy Edith Kil- pntrickj 'iis ndniinistnitrix ' to' tho estate of her Into lmshnnd, ; John Kennedy Kilpatrick, second engineer 'of tho steamer Alert, to recover from Meiisi-s Hiiddnrt; -Parker, : and' Co. Limited L3000 damages,' siiflered by hoi-self 'and ' an! infant child through the dentil of ' lior hushnnd; which oc cuiTcd when tho Alert foundei- ed'-oftVJubildo Point, near Sorrento, on the 28th December, ' 1893, was concluded in the Melbourne Supremo Court on Wednesday, "before1" Mr Justice Hodges nmb a; jnry.;of '.-six;.! Tlio, jury, after consulting for ii little ovoi\hnlf nn hour,, returned a vordiet for tho plaintiff ifor L791, of which iLOOG was for Mrs Kilpatrick ' hiid ' L125 for hor. infant daugh ter. Tlio qucstidn'of costs was 'reserved.' '. Cissy. Douglas; bf Cinrlton, writes' to the police asliing.foi ihforihiiticm'ns to the whereabouts of hoir 'brother,' Hairy Douglas, ivlio, slip believes, ' is in the Castleniniiie district driving a creamery cart. , '' The precautionary measures adopted at Block ' 10 nt .Broken R ill continuo most effective, tho fire being kept ivoll back into tlie ndjoining proporty. Tlio.wator is used only intorinittontly at the (hrec lovcls, and pipes are being- laid clown to .roplac'o the hoses,' which; /are .'loak'ing -Badly and/losing a, good deal,, of, water, J.Tlie drive thrnuglvthe barricade, lit the 315ft level is' being, pushed niiend,:.. , The face is vory .liot,. and! the muilnck coming down i8;aIso;hpt.,.i: . The rise in wheat continues. Sellers .are now. quoting 3s 8d to 3s Od for prime. .-.'The- price; of flour .has boon advanced 10s per ton, the quota tions being— country roller,' L8 78 6d, 'iind town roller, L8 10s; : ' ' . ' " \- De'teetive-scfgennt . Griffin, Sergeant ' Steele,' nnd'PI-iin-clothes Cohstablo'Dayidson hnvodis- coyered.two copper: jilates jn a liolo lit Sydney Flat .covered, over .with dirt, ';. These are ; a po'r-'; tinh of the soveu' stoleu , "from , tlie 'Co-operative, I Battery nt Napoleon Gully a few weeks ago. A Chinaman under arrest for vagrancy is holioved to ho" iniplieatod.- , 