NOTES OP THE BAY. (BY OUTIS.) " One of tJio most troublesome-looking questions now looming upon the ecclesiasti cal horizon is that of cheap labor hi tbo vineyard. Like everything else, the market s'luue oL preaching-power is leelmg uie downward prcsxnro of the times, and it is necessary that, the east wind of the col lection-box should be tampered to the shorn congregation. At tho Waslcyan Couferanco on Friday a wrestle took place wiLh this problem, but it ended in a draw. "In con sequence of the great depression now affect ing the colony, and with a desire to share the burdens of the people," tho Rev. Mr. Clarke moved that "the minimum wage" of ministers bo retrenched to £200 a year for married men, and £140 for bachelors. Tho resolution, however, met. no more favor than a similar proposal for reducing mem bers' salaries would meet in Parliament. 11 was denounced as a bid for "cheap popu larity," and, after a stiff discussion, tho question was adroitly dodged by the adop tion of an amendment passing it on to "tho financial relief committee." The need for "sharing the people's burdens," however, is a tangible and rapidly growing one, which cannot bo put aside by a sneer. Only tho other day tho conference found itself over whelmed with applications from parishes anxious to retrench by exchanging their married ministers for unmarried ones, which variety can bo had at a lower rato. TLio demands were in many cases staved off, though in several it was necessary to accede to them. Next year, probably, the number will be still greater, so that, sooner or later, married ministers must either modify their terms or be pushed out of tbo market by cheaper men. By trades union tactics the conference may keep up rates for a while, but in tlio Church as well as everywhere else, the law of supply and de mand must ultimately prevail. The fact to he faced is this: In tho present state of the labor market, an advertisement offering £200 a year for a man possessing tho capa bilities of an ordinary clergyman belonging to any denomination would bring a hundred qualified applicants, each one backed by in fluence enough to move mountains. Be sides, with Uio majority of people just now tho struggle for bread is so keen that Ibey are unable to pay boom salaries to clergy men. even if they were willing. Conse quently, unless union labor in the vinoyard comes down to meet the times, non-union labor will displace it, and there is no rem edy. Touching this question of meeting tho times, how Is it that no reduction has yet takou place In Sydney cab fares? Drivers' wages aro down; horse feed is down; shoe ing coats less, and there Is a substantial reduction in the cost of the building and repairing of cabs. Yet the rates charged to passengers remain at. boom level, although 'bus fares have fallen 33 per cent. Of course, it may bo said that if you like to bargain with a cabman beforehand ho will generally lake less than his legal faro rather than lose a job, but this ouly ap plies to long journeys. On tho minimum faro of a shilling there is no thought of abatement, and for tbo knowing ones who beat down the price on tho longer trips, tbo unsophisticated have still to pay by mumping up full faro at the journey's end. The cabmen, as a body, make nothing out of this conservative policy; they rather lose by it. A tired man who would pay six pence for a five or ten minutes' ride often hesitates at a shilling and walks. The con sequence is that fares are se;ireened to a degree which enables tho cabman to earn no more at the higher figure than he would at tho more reasonable one. We are told that ho has so much lost time in waiting about to make up for that ho must charge when ho gets the chanw, or he could not live. This is true, and it means that the public have to pay for the lost time, which Is the great downdrag ou the whole busi ness. If the fares were on a more sensible scale, they would pay him for working, in stead of waiting, and spend much more money, of which ho as well as they would g-»t the benefit. If the faro was made 5s for a few miuutes' drive instead of Is, and rbo cabman got one pa:scDger where ho now gets five ho would be just as well off. Rut he knows he would not get one. Nei ther does he got ono faro now where he would get two, if people kuew that sixpence was the legal fare for tbo journey which cost a shilling. Wherefore, ho often sits upon liia box the livelong day earning nothing, while the would-be passenger, going to his boat or train, walks past like tho priest and the Lovite oil tho other side. The otiier day a commission that had been appointed in England to find a solu tion of the unemployed problem reported that the job was too much for it, and after a pathetically fruitless struggle gave up the ghost. Ou top of this melancholy item of news now comes the announcement i that tho Imperial Government has detcr- | mined to sink another twenty millions of money in building new warships. On the Continent also a fresh turn of the screw is being applied to the starving people to squeeze out of them moro money for mili tary and naval purposes. Is it any won der, therefore, that tho weird army of the workless should bo reaching its present uu- preeedentedly dangerous proportions? "Tho condition of trade," according to Mr. Muu- doUa. "were never more serious," and It is doubtful whether England over had so many hungry, hopeless, and desperate, men as tho terriblo multitudes who sap her resources aud menace her safety to-day. Yet, twenty million pounds is to be sunk in a work which can not produce a singlu scrap of food or rag of clothing, and which will have the effect, of keeping the energies of everyone employed in connection with it virtually idle. To produce £20,000,000 would require the labor of nearly two hun dred thousand men at £100 a year each for 12 months; at tho average rate of earn ings in England, perhaps three hundred thousaud. This number of men, who should be. wealth-producers, aru therefore to be ad ded to tho ranks of the unproductive The ag gregate result of their labors Is to be ta ken and practically sunk in the sea. Tho least evil that tho warships can do is rust at their uiooriugs. Thero they simply represent unproduction ; employed, thoy mean in addition to that havoc and de struction. Under these circumstances, tho commission which gave up tho unem ployed problem as hopeless did tho right thing. While the civilised people of the world arc spending every peuuy they can got upon moans o£ killing each other, tluy aro necessarily getting less and less to keep themselves alive with. They devote more care and anxiety to destruction than to production, and those engaged in the latter work having to keep the others with out any return, tho burden is simply crush ing them. 