The Remarkable Divonce Case, TrE Clanrke v. Clarke divorce case continued on Thursdray. The case was continued on Thursday. On his Honor taking his seat the respondent com plained that lcwhen coming into the court hle hlad been cearched by Sul-inspector Tyndall. His Honor said that it was understood that re spondent had been carrying a revolver, and that the oillcers were perfectly justified in what they had done. Mr. Ralston applied for a further sum for costs, and hiis Honor increased the order to one for £30. Amelia Ann Annesley, the mother of the peti tioner, said that a imonth afterhcr daugl:er returned from her loneymoon, which was spent in New Zealand, Mr. anld Mrs. Clarhe came to witness's house. Witneiss objected to the respondent pouring swhisky into hIis wife's glass of tonic water. She also obieeted to respondent putting his wife into hypnotic sleeps, which he did by staring at her and holding his arm out in a stiff manner. Respondent objected to witness visiting hlier daughter, and would not permit her to speak to her except in his pre sence. Before her marriage the petitioner never walked in her sleep nor saw visions, and shie had not done so since sthe left her husband's house. On the 11th October witness went to respondent's house. She lheard sobs coming from thepetitioner's room. She called to her daughter and asked why she was crying, asnd she replied that she was not well mid that she wanted to go hlome. She told petitioner to come to thie door, ulit site replied that she could not because sihe was not dressed. Re spondent told witness to go awaiy and cone again next day. Witness said, " If my daughter is not well I would like to speak to her," buit respondent said, " She is sny wife and shall obey sme." On the Sunday shie went there with her othler daughter and Mr. Douse and said she had come to take petitioner hotne. Hier daughter's cheek was swollen and braised. When petitioner canme to witness's house she was in a very lowr and weak condition, and re mained so for several days. Cross-examined by the respondent, witness de nied that she had ever interfered with petitioner's household duties. She went with Mr. Douse to take her daughter away. Jessie 'nnesley said that she was the petitioner's sister. Site often stayed at their house. On one occasion she saw respondent strike her sister with a stick, and she had frequently heard him scold her. After scolding her he usned to tell her that it was a wife's duty to obey her husband in everything. He always treated his wife as though she was a servant. Witness had repeatedly seen respondent hypnotise his wife. She frequently did not want hint to do so, but he would do it. On one occasion hlie hlypnotised iher and made her walk out into the cemetery. When respondent found fault with petitioner, lshe would become upset and wosld not eat her meals. He would then hypnotise her and make her do so. On the 14th October witness was staying at their house. She had retired, and had just gone to sleep when she was awakened by respondent entering her room. He went to lie down beside her. She told hih to leave the room at once. When petitioner heard respondent in the room she came over to it. She screamed and said that she would go home to her mother at once. On the 17th of the same month respondent locked petitioner in her bedroom. He then behaved in an unbecoming manner to witliss. The next morning witness went to speak to her sister, when respondent hypnotised her, so that witness could not converse with her. Witness had never known her sister walk in her sleep nor see visions. The respondent then went into the box. lie said that after his marriage, and on their return home after the honeymoon, his wife suddenly aroused hite one night and said that she had seen a woman in the room with long dark hair. The tone in which his wife spoke was one calculated to fill a person Swith a creeping feeling. He iasked her where, and she said that the figure appeared on her side of the bed. He said to her, "That is only fancy; shut your eyes." Wises he asked if it wais still there she said, " Yes." ie lighted the gias; bhut she still saw the formn looking at her. In about 20 minutes it faded .away. In the morning his wife looked ill and worn, anid he told her to come inth the study, where he had a number of letters to write. Hie placed her in a large easy chair and went on with his writing, speaking to her now and thon. • By-and-bye his attention was at troacted to his wife, who was in a sort of trance con dition. In answer to his questions she said that she was in the spirit world. That was tlhe firstheo hnew with regard to wahat was called hypnotism. Then he discovered that he had this mesmeric power or control over her, but he had never had it with re gard to anyone else. Ho found that his wife would go off into a trance at his will, and sometimes, not always, he found herin that condition voluntarily without hIis interference at all, and occasionallv she neused to go off before othler people. In the earlyj part of April the petitioner took to sleep-walkinag. "Whether she did so before marriage or not he could not say, but he knew from experisuce that she did afterwards. On another occasion Ipatititioner said that she soaw a woman leadisg a child by the hand. She was very frightened, and he lighted the gas iand told her it was only fancy. Petitiosser said that she saw the spirit fluttering through the closed Venoetian shutters. That was thie way, she said, that spirits ailways came and went. The first time the petitioner walked in her sleep was about a week aftersho first sawn the spirit. She went out into the cemetery in her sleeping garments only and sat on a tombstone for a long while. He fonund i her there and spoke to her. She said that a beauti ful girl was speaking to her, iand had counselled her to destroy herself. She had been reading in the paper a few days before about some vomtg married lady who had comunitted suicide at Eumore. H?io took his wife home, and itn the lmorning she knew nothing at all about it. Frequently from that tine petitioner walkedin her sleep. His only reason for laooking her in her room was for her own safety and protection. They lived only a short distance from the railway station, and trains were continually plnasing backwa'rds and forwards. When petitioner sas in an hypnotic condition lshe used to tell hint where the had been and what she had been doing during her sleep-walking and wshat had Ihappened. With regard to hIousekeeping, his wife's untidy halbits h1ad caused him pain. Petitioner had a hIabit of sulking whenever she was spoken to. Nothinlg irritated him more than this, and he had imnplorede iher with tears in his eyes not to sulk. His wifo Isokn' that he had a great deal of trouble about a saum of £500 for which he was responsible in con neotion with a church at Rokdale. iHe had been charged with insanity, but if there were any mental aberrations he did not recollect them. IIoe had no recollection whatever of doing the cruel things with which he had been charged. What with the worry he had over church matters and troublo about hIis wife going away, he nwas perhaps a little more worried than usual; but he never, consciously nor willingly, injured his wife in any way. He hadosly given his wife one bath in his life. On the night of the 19th October, just before he retired, Ie thought he heard the side door open, and went out side to see what was the matter, snd found his wife in the paddock without anytshing on. When she got into these trances she wanted to rash outside without her clothes on, as she said that the spirits were calling her. This was when she went into the trances herself without being hypnotised. Before he got to her she appeared to be rolling in the paddock, and he had great ditlieulty in getting her inside. When he did so ho put her into the first room that he came to, whilch was the servant's room. On the following mornting he found that she was a little bruised. oe did not open the door of the house to his moller-in-law whes she canse, as his wife was nervous and hysterical because of the previoms night, and he wished to avoid a seeno. When he gave his wife a warm bath he siltnply poured a bucket of cold water over hlier to prevent her taking cold. That evening Dr. Bucklo called, but his wife declined to see him. Regarding the drawers, he had told his wife to clear everything out of them, as they were untidy, before the new servant canoe. Respetiig his wife's fancies about seeing spirits, valking in her sleep, and losing her identity, he remembered rematrking to Jessie Annesley that it would be easy to make people be lieve that she was insane, and site agreed with hils that it would be easy for him to putt his wife in the asylum, but he would never do siry thing of the kind. On the Sunday petitioner's sister iand It gentilean inamed Douse cao to tile house. His wife did not wishl to see him. Itr. Douse went with him to the chutrchl, but when re spondent got into the pulpit hlie saw that MIr. Dosse was not in the church. Whenu he returned to hIis houso ie ofound that his wife had been taket away. IIo reported the circumstances to tivo policemen who were present. The back door of the lIhotse had beau forced in. Respoudeot re cited a number of grievancese and said that he had never behaved in an ungentlemnnly or indelicate way to his wife's sister. Hlie had niever treated hier otherwise thlan abrother should treat a sister. Cross-examined by Mr. Ralston, the raopondesnt denied certain allegations nsado with reospecot to his conduct at an hotel. William Herbert Lnewis, a pollee constable stationed at -I.ogarah, spoke to looking-up re spondent's house alfter both respondent ianud his wife had left it. Ethel Rose, a girl 15 yeasrs of iago, said that she was engaged as servant at respondent's house for 13 weeks fromt June last. Shie had never seen the respondent drnk. She had not seen any whisky in thle house. She had never kInown respondent unkind to his wife or to anyone else. Cross-examinied by Mr. Rlalston : The respondent used to scold her, and shIe very often nsed to cry whilst she twas at his house. Annie Edwards, teacher of the Publio School at Hurstvillo, said that slt hbad visited the respondent's house, antd heard his wife say that she had seen ghosts. Edith Fletcher, also a teacher in the ~l'blo School at Hurstville, stated tltat the pjetitioner had said that she had sen ipirnte. She had never known respopdent unkind to anyone. Respondent called several other witnesnses, bul their evidenc was not material. The petitioner and her sister Jessio were recalled and asked various lquestiona with regard to the re spondent'o conduct to tho sister. The respondent commenced his adldress to the Court, and the canse was then adjournedl to the fol lowing day. 