THE SEVENTH STEP. (CONTINUED.) Miss Sorensen did not sit—she was far tors Eiueh excited. She stood near the door of her lfttle cabin. " Did you really hear tlie bottle fali and break, yesterday morning?" "Iheard u noise wfrieh might be accounted foe in that way," I answered. " And aid you htar my footsteps?" " I heard footsteps." " Sister Hagar said that you knew—I tr.ped, I hoped—I earnestly trusted that she wrong." " How could she possibly teli ?" I replied. " i met her on the stairs coming towards tie cabin. I certainly said nothing—hov was it possible for her to read my secret tiiousrhts " It was quite possible. She saw the Itaowled^o in your eyes ; she gave you one glance—that was sufficient. Oh I hoped caa wag mistaken.*' " Mine is not a teli- tale face," I said. "Not to most people, but it is to her. You den't know her. She is the most wonderful, extraordinary woman that ever breathed. She can read people through and through. She can stand behind you and know when your eyes Hash and your lips s-'elie. Her knowledge is terrible. She can alraost see through stone walls. I told you last nifc.ht that I dreaded her—I do more than that—I fear her horribly—she makes my life a daily purgatory!" " Sit down," I said, in a voice which I raade on purpose both cold and stern ; " it ia vary bad for you. to excite youraslf in thU way. If you dislike Sister Hagar, why is she your nurse ? In short, what can be your possible motive for going through this extra- •ordinary act of deception? Are you not ttware that you are acting in a most reprehensible manner? Why do yon wish the passengers of the Ariadne to suppose yon to be paralysed, when you are in reality in perfect health? " " In perfect health? " she repeated, with a shudder. " Yea, I am doubtless in perfect iodily health., but I am in—oh, in such bitter anguish of soul." " What do you mean ?" " I can no more tell you that than I can tell you why I am in Sister Hag&r;'s power, fray forget my wild words. I kuow you think badly of me, but your feelings would be cSianged to profound pity if you could guess tie truth. Now listen to me—I have only a moment or two left, for Sister Hagar wili be back almost directly. She found out yesterday that you nad guessed my secret. I hoped that this was not the case, but. as usual, she was right and I was wrong. The moment my eyes met yours, when I first came on deck, I thought it likely that'you might see through my deception. Sister Hagar also feared that such would be the case. It was on that account that I avoided speaking to yon, and also that I remained BO silent and apparently uninterested in everyone when. I went on desk. I asked for this interview yesterday for the express purpose of finding out whether you really knew about the deception which I was practising on everyone on board. If I discovered that you had pierced through my disguise, there was nothing for it but for me to throw myself on ycur mercy. Now you know why I was B& desirous of seeing you without Mr Ctsrwen." "I understand," I answered. " The whole matter is most strange, wrong, and incomprehensible. Before I leave you, may i ask what motive influences you ? There must be some secret reason for such deception as you practice." Miss Sorensen colored;' and for the first time since she began to make her confession, her voice grew; weak _-and faltering—*>er eyes took a shirty glance, and refused to meet mine. " The motive may seem slight enough to 75>n," she said ; " but to me it is, and was, sufficiently powerful to make me go through with this sham. My home is not a happy one ; I have a, step-mother who treats me cruelly. I longed to get away from home snd to see something of life. My father's ijrother, Professor Sorensen, of St. Petersburg, is a very celebrated Court physician—my father is proud of him, and has often mentioned hie .name and the luxurious jjalaee in which he lives. I have never met turn, but I took a curious longing to pay him a visit, and thought of this way of obtaining my desires. Professor Sorensen has made a special study of nervous diseases such as paralysis. Sister Hagar and I talked the (Batter over, and I resolved to feign this disease in order to get away from home and to pay my nnole a visit. All went well without hitch of any sort until yesterday morning-" "But it is impossible for you to suppose," I said, "that you can take in a specialist like IrofeEsor Sorensen." "I don't mean to try—he'll forgive me when £ tell him the trnth, and throw myself on his mercy." "And is Sister Hagar a real nurse ?'' I asked, after a pause. 4 "No, but Bhe has studied the part a little, and is far too clever to eommit herself." Miss Soren6en*s face was no longer pale— a rich color flamed in fcer cheeks, her eyes blazed—she looked wonderfully handsome. And now that you have confided in me," I said, " what do yon expect me to do with icy knowledge ?" " To respect my secret, end to keep it ab-. solutely and strictly to yourself." " That is impossible—I cannot deceive Car wen." " You must—you shall. Why should two —two be sacrificed. And he lis EO young, »ttd he knows nothing now—nothing-. Oh, do have mercy on him. Oh, my God, what wild wGrds am I saying? What must vou think of me?" She paused abruptly, her blazing eyes were fixed on my face. "What must you think of me ?" she repeated. 4 'That you are in a very excitable and overstrained condition, and . perhaps not quite answerable for your actions," I replied. " Yes, yes," she continued; "I am overstrained—over-anx\on3—not quite accountable—yes—that ie it—that is it—but yon will not tell Mr Curwen—Oh, be merciful to me, I beg of you. We shall soon reach St Petersburg. Wait, at least, until we get there I)afore you tell him—promise me that. Tell Mm then if you like—tell all the world then it yon choose to do so, but respect my secret until we reach Russia." As Miss Sorensen epoke she laid her hand Ob. my arm—sbe leaked at me with a passion which seemed absolutely inadequate to her _ very poor reason for going through this extraordinary deception. ** Promise me," she eaid ; " there's Sister Hagar'a knock at the door—let her in—but promise me first." " I will think the whole case over carefully before I speak to anyone about it," 1 raplied. I threw the door open as I spoke and went ont of the little cabin as Sister Hagar caine In. That afternoon Curwsn asked me about Miss Sorensen—1 replied to him briefly. " I will tsll yoa all about the Ease," I said, in a short time—theie is a mystery which ths young lady has divulsred, and which she has earnestly implored of me to respect until ws reach St. Petersburg. " Then yon believe she can be cured ?" said Curwen. " £7nguestionably—but itis a stransrs story audit is impuseible forme to discuss it until I can give yon my full confience. In the meantime there is nothing to be done in th, medical way for Miss Sorensen—I should reoommend her to keep on deck as much as possible—she is in a highly hysterical state, and the more fresh air she geta, the better." Curwen was obliged to be satisfied with this very lame summary of the ?ase, and the JiQEt time 1 saw Miss Sorensen, I bent over iter and told her tha* I intended to respect &8E secret until after we arrived at St, Petersburg. 4 , I don't know howto tinink you enough," flhe said—Iter eyes flashed with joy, and -she became instantly the most animated and fascinating woman on board. At last we reached the preat northern port, ®nd first amongst those to come on board the Ariadne was the tall ana aristocratic form of Professor Sorensen. I happened to wit- SoO meeting between blin pnd j bis beii'-itifa! niece. He stooped down j and kissed her on her white brow. A J flush of scarlet spread all over her face as he did so. They spoke a few words together— then Sister Hagar came ap and touched Mian Sores sen ca her arm, The next moment I wit®, requested to come and speak to the vouug lady. "May I introduce you to my uncle, Dr Halifax ';"' 2bc said. "Professor Sorensen—Dr Halifax. T C3n scarcely tell yon, Uncle Os':ar.'' continued the young lady, looking fuii in his facf.-. "how good Dr Halifax has been to me during my voyage." Professor Sorensen made a polite rejoinder to this, and immediately invited ms to cosns to see him at hta palace in the Neviki Prospect I was about to rafuss with all the politeness I could muster, when Miss Soreasc-ti gave mc A glance of such teerible entreaty that it staggered me, and almost threw me off my balance. " You will come; vou must come," aiio said. " I can take no refusal."- exclaimed the Professor. • i s.in delighted to welcome you sis & brother in the great world ot n.edical t-cience. I have no doubt that we shall have much of interest to talk over together. My laboratory has the pood fortune to bB some What celebrated,and I have made experiments 1 in the cultivation of microbes which I ehou' 'd" 1 like to taik over with you. You will do me I the felicity of dining with me this evening, f Dr Halifax?' 1 J I considered the situation briefly—I glanced again at Miss Sorensen. f • I will come," I said—sbe gave a sigh cf relief, and lovrered her eyes. .Brofessor Sor6nsen moved away, and Sister Hagar went into the vouac lady's cabin to fetch something. For a moment Miss Sorensen and I ware alone. She gave me an imperious gesture to come closa to her. " Sit on that chair—etoop down, I don't want'/'.hers to know," she said. I obeyed her in some surprise. 44 You have bean sood, more than good," she said, and I respect you. I thank you from my heart. Do one last thing for me." " What is that ?" " Don't tell our secret to Maurice Curwen , until you have returned from dining with my uncle. Promise me this : I have a very grave reason for asking it of you." " I shall probably not have time to toll him between now and this evening," I said, " as I mean immediately to land and occupy myself looking over the place." At this moment Sister Hagar appeared, carrying all kinds of rugs and parcels— amongst them was small, brass-bound box which seemed to be of considerable weight. As she approached us, the nurse knocked her foot agaicst a partition iu the deck, stumbled, and would have fallen had I not rushed to her assistance- At the same time the heavy brass- bound box tell with some forca to the ground. The shock must have touched some secret spring, for the cover immediately bounced open and several packets of papers were shewn on the deck. I stooped to picK them ur>, but Nurse Hagar wrenched them frem my hands with such force that I could not help ylancing at her in astonishment. One packet had been thrown to a greater distance than the others. I reached back my hand to pick it up, and, as 1 did so, my eyes lighted on a name in email black characters on the cover. The name was Olga Krestofebi. Below it was something which looked like hieroglyphics, but I knew enough of the Russian tongue to ascertain that it was the same name in EUSB —with the figure 7 below it. I returned th6 packet to the nurse—she gave me % glance which I was destined to remember afterwards—and Miss' Sorenson uttered a faint cry and turned suddenly white to her lips. . Professor Sorensen came hastily up—he administered a restorative to his niece, and eaid that the excitement of seeing him had evidently been too much for her in her weak state. A moment later the entire party had left ths yacht. It was night when I got to the magnificent palace in the Nevski Prospect where Professor Sorensen resided. I was received with ceremony by several servants in handsome livery, and conducted immediately to a bedroom on the first floor of the building. The room was of colossal size and height, and,'warm as tbe weather still was, was artificially heated by pipes which ran along the walls. The hangings and the other appointments of this apartment were of the costliest, and ae I looked around me i could not help coming to the conclusion that a Court physician at St. Petersburg must bold a very lucrative position. Having already made my toilet, I was about to leave the room to find my way as best I could to Uie reception-rooms on the gronnd floor, wheD, to my unbounded amazement. *I saw the. massive oak door of the chamber quickly and silently open, and Miss Sorensen, magnificently dressed, with diamonds in her black hair and flashing round her slim white throat, came in. She had not made the slightest sound ii opening the door, and now she put her finger to her lips to enjoin siler.ee on my part. She closed the door gently bshind her, and, coming up to my side, pressed a note into my hand. She then turned to go. ' f What is the meaning of this ?" I began. "The note will tell you," she replied. "Ob, y63,1 am well, quite well—I have told my uncle all about my deception on board the Ariadne. . For God's sake don't keep me nov. If lam discovered all is lost." She reached the door as she- spoke, opened it with a deft, swift, absolutely siient movement, and disappeared. I could not tell why, but when I was left once more alone I felt a chill running through me. I went deliberately up to the oak door and turned the key in the heavy lock. The splend'd bedroom was bright as day with electric light. Standing by the door I opened Misa Sorensen's note. My horrified eyes fell on tJie following words : — "We receive no mercy, and we give none. Your doom was nearly fixed when you found out the secret of my false paralysis on board the Ariadne. It was absolutelyand irrevocably sealed when you saw my real name on the packet of letters which fell out of the brassbound box to-day. The secret of my return to Russia is death "to those who discovsr it unbidden. 4 1 1; is decreed by those who never alter or change that you do not leave this palace alive. It is utterly hopeless for you to try to escape, for on all hands the doors are guarded; and even if you did succeed in reaching the streets, we have plenty of emissaries there to do our work for us. You know enough of our secrets to make your death desirable—it is therefore arranged that you are to die. I like you and pity you. I tjave a heart, and you have touched it. If I can I wiil save you. I do this at the risk of my life, but that doe3 not matter—wo hold our lives cheap—wo always carry them in our hands, and are ready to lay them down at any instant. I may not succeed in saving you, but I will try. 1 a:«.- not quite certnin how your death is to'be accomplished, but I have a very shrewd euspiclou of the manner in which the final attack on your life will be made. Yonr only chancc—remember, your only chance of escape—is to appear to know absolutely nothing—to show not the ghost of a suspicion «f any underhand practices: to put forth all your powers to fascinate and please Professor Sorensen and the guasts who will dine with us to-night. Show no surprise at anything you see—ask no impertinent questions. I have watched you, and I believe you are clever enough and have sufficient nerve to act as I suggest. Pay me all the attention in yonr power—make love to mc even a little, if yon like—thst will not matter, for we shall never meet again after to-night. After dinner you will be invited to accompany Professor Sorenson to his laboratory— he will ask no other gnest to do this. On no account refuse—go with him and I will go with yo«i. Where he goes and where I go,follow without flinching. If you feel astonishment do not show it. And now, all that I have said leads up to this final remark. Avoid the seventh step. Bear this in your mind—it your last chance.— DACMAR." I read this note over twice. 'Its tsrriil® feeling of horror left me after ths second reading. I felt braced and resolute. I suspected, what was indeed the case, that I had fallen unwittingly into a hornet's nest oi Nihilists. How tr.ad I had been to come to Professor Sorensen's palace ' I had fully made up my mind that Miss Sorensen had told me lies, whan she rave me her feeble reasons for acting as she had done on board the Ariadne. No matter that now. however. She spoke the truth at last. The letter 1 crushed in my hand was not a lie. I resolved to ba wary, guarded—and when the final moment came, to sell my life dearly. I hail a box of mafefees in my pocket. I burnt the note to wkiisasii, a::d tl.en crushed the ashes to powder under my foot. I then •went downstairs. Servants were standing about, who quickly directed ms to the reception-rocIDS. The powdered footman flani; the door ot the rreat drawing-room open and caiied my -am a iu a ringing voice. Professor Sorensen came forward to meet me. A lady came u;> at ths same moment and held out her 'and. She was dressed in black velvet, with rich lac*; and many raignificent diamonds. They shone m her taudv hair and glistened round her thin throat. I started back in amazement. Here was Sister Hagar metamorphosed. "Allow me to introduce my wife, Madame Sorensen," said the Professor. Madame Sorensen raised a playful linger * and smiled into my face "Yon look astonished, and no wonder, Dr Halifax. 7 ' she said. " But, ab,how naughty you have been to read our secrets." She turned away to speak to another gue3t- The next moment dinner was announced. As we sat round thedinner-tabls wn made a large party. M°B and women of many nationalities were present, but I quickly perceived, to ray surprise, that 1 was the guest of the evening. To me was given the ierribly doubtful honor of escorting Mad- ime Sorensen to the head of the table, and in hoaor of me also, English—by common coustnt—was the language spoken at dinner. (TO BE COXTIXUEU.} 