Cricket. ENGLAND V. AUSTRALIA. The third test match in brought to a. close on Tuesday , Australians winning- very easily by 383 runs. Albert Trott was without a doubt the hero of the match. His bowling, batting, and fielding has seldom it ever been equalled in Australia. In the first innings he scored 38, not out, and in the second 72, not out, making a total of 110, not oat. In bowling he captured eight wiokets for the Hmall coit of of iS runs, and in the field he was par excellence, taking three catches in all, two of which were exceptionally hot ones off his own bowling. ine oia veteran, ueorge uinen, was again to the fore, mating top score, Sg, first innings, and in all took seven wickets for 150 ram. Next to Oiffen Iredale is undoubtedly the most consistent bat in Australia. Although the visitors got rid of him in the first innings very ouieldy, he made up for it in the second, scoring 140 Bruce proved himself all that they made the reliable left hinder out to be. His 80 runs in the second innings was the most attractive dis play of batting during the match. CaUaway very distinctly justified his inclusion lathe team, and helped considerably to Aus tralia's victory. His batting in both innings was very «ood, especially in the first innings, surprising the onlookers by his fine display with the willow. As he was picked for his bowling he lost no time in proving himself worthy of the position, his five wickets only costing him 56 runs. U. Trott bitted in fine style for 46, in the first innings, when he had the misfortun* to be run out. Jarvis was again very prominent behind Hie sticks. High scoring was out of the qnestion on the Englishmen's side ; Brown's 39, not out, was the highest individual on their side, although MLcaren, in my opinion, was the most successful batsman. His 25 in the first innings and 35 in the second proves himself one of the visitors' hardest bats men to capture Stoddart'a 34, not out, in the1 aeoond innings was gained by faultless cricket. Brookwell and Ford also added considerably to the Englishmen's total. Of the Englishmen's bowlers Bichardson comes out top with an average of eight for 164. Briggs three for 62, Feel fonr for 139, Lockwood two for 103, and Brockwell one for 83 were the English men's other bowlers. Fhillipson kept the wickets well in the first innings for the risitors, citptnring two behind the sticks and only allowed 4 byes to be re corded. Brown, Ward, and Lockwood fielded brilliantly. The ball that A. Trott bowled Ward with, split the stump so that a new one had to be procured. The round of cheers that went up when George Giffen olean bowled A. B. Stoddart for 1, made the city of churches quake. Bobby Peel said the heat didn't agree. That accounts for him getting two detested ducks, besides being third in the bewling honors. THE SENIORS. Although things looked very gloomy for Der wentfon the previous Saturday, having six good wickets down for the small total of 56 runs, by a good display of batting by A. Binghara and C. McAUen the total was raised to 148 before the last wicket fell. The hitter was batting under very unfavorable circuuistauces, having not quite recovered from an illness whioh has kept him from cricket's manly toil for this three or four weeks j but with the assistance of a ruuner put «p 28 in good style. A. Bingham 'b 40 was a line display of batting for so youug a junior, his strokes all round the wicket being splendid. In the Derwent's second innings Howe's contribu tion of 63 undoubtedly comas first' He played attractive cricket during his stay at the wickets and proved himself ouc ef Dcrwcnt'e hardest batsmen. Ho was goiuir well on towards tlic century when ho had the ill luck to be ruu out. Swan batted splendidly for his&J.oot; out. If hjs cIuWmates-M(tout long (WbWh thiR afCcr. uocfa I expect to heat of him Uotcui^ his flrft century this season, or very near it. Jack Bing ham was going well, when at 22 he had the mis fortune to overbalance himself end kick his wickets down. Campbell 17, McAUen 14, and Watt 11 were the remaining double figure con tributors. Douglas and Eady proved the mout destructive bowlers for the Break o' Day. A splendid finish in the match Wellington v New Town last Saturday, Wellington batting seven men just managed to total 200 runs, thuB winning by 1 run on the first innings. On the Wellington's side Kenny Burn again came out top with a fine contribution of 4», not out, with out a single chance for hiB runs. Dodds' 43 runs were got by good crioket. This is the best inuings I have seen this young cricketer play this season. It was not even marred by a single chance. T. Reynolds, late of Nil Desperaudum, made his first appearance for Wellington, and gave a good exhibition of batting for 20. With good prnctioe I expect to hear of this young player coming out with a flue average at the end of tho season. Read, Jamieson, and Hurst divided the bow ling honors for New Town, Read procuring the be«t average of the three. Sams was fielding well for Wellington until be missed that easy catch. Schofleld should not try to bluff the umpire so much with his ' How is it P' and throwing up the ball. If Bingham, junior, nsed less flourish be could judge his strokes better. For Launceston against Tainar hut Saturday L. B Sams contributed 44 in a very taking style. On the Tamar's side Fernandez S5, not out, and Campbell 66 both batted in splendid form. In the Bellerive v. Lindisfarne match W' Ward played a splendid innings, going in first and carrying his bat through for 132, not out, giving only one difficult chanoe during his long stay at the wickets. EUiston was the moBt successful for the local club. His 27, not out, was got by good orioket. Bellerive were not very generous to their opponents, allowing them only half -an- hour and ten minutes to bat, in which time 59 runs (or the loss of three wickets were scored. THE JUNIORS.— By One Eye. Taking into consideration that 173 runs were scored off Trinity's bowling, H Heuri's seonring ot six of Bokeby's wickets tor the small coBt of 33 runs, is a splendid performance. Harry is not only a good bowler, but a fine bat as well, and if he gets at all set this afte-noon Trinity's chances of winning will look very bright. Ernie Free'e performance of going in first and carry bis bat with 78, uot out, was a splendid one. Only one chance was given during the time he was at the wickets. When Bokeby's veritable little Joey was asked how h» got out he answered ' Oh I Henri did me with a beauty, and it beat me all the way.' O.Chipman and Watson, 31 and 25 respectively, both gave a lively exhibition of batting during their stay. Postal-Telegraph have 46 runs stirt of West. MoDowell again proved himself a consistent scorer for West Hobart, playing a very neat innings for 26. Fisher 26. Crump 21, Reynolds 15, and Hughes 14 batted well for their runs, and Fletcher again contributed 11 for the fourth time this season. Crump besides being a very valuable batsman for F and T turned out the crack bowler of the day. capturing five wickets for only 11 runs. Union Jock again roused themselves, and have 30 runs to their credit to start to-day's play against Glenorchy. Gibbons 36, not out, and Nicholson 35 showed remarkably K00(i form at the wickets. Gibbons especially batted well, all efforts of the trundlers to dislodge his stumps being in vain. C. Miller, Coulter, and Bichardson ulso contri buted doubles in good style. ' Piesse again turned out Glenorchy's right hand man. His 31 runs were got by good all round cricket, and some of bis strokes were very nicely executed. Robertson 20, and B. Henri 15 helped the villagers considerably. Bichardson and Creese trundled with good off ct for the Jacks is did Robertson for Gle norchy. At Beltann Nil Desperandum treated their Endeavour friends to an afternoon's leather hunting, puttinr up the splendid score of 241 runs before they were dismissed. Briggs, Grellis, Gilliarhan, Kennan Propsting, and Anthony all batted in splendid form. Briggs' 71 was a grand performance, his leg strokes were very sweet. His score included eleven 4's, and only gave one chance during his stay at the wickets. Eennan's was a very valuable contri bution. He batted over two hours for 25 runs, playiug slow bnt sure cricket ; and Grellis gave a good display of batting for 48. Endeavour s fielding against Nils was bad with exceptions of Gilliirhan and Goodfelloiv. Matters look pretty blue for St. Marys in their match against St. Josephs. Chisholm and W. Mitchell contributed largely to St. Joseph's suocess with 63 and 38 respectively. The latter player batted in splendid form. Davies, Har. rington and Balchen also batted in good form. In the ladies' cricket miteh Bruny v. Heather played at Bruny on the 13th inst , Miss F. Young soored 79 in splendid style for the locals. In the second innings on the Heather's side Miss lies waB the inSBt successful with a well got 42. _______________ THE story of n Macquane-street haunted house has been handed aioand so many times, and has in fact suffered in so many forms and shapes, that the original version is quite something unusiml. But it is averred that once, a long time ago, the people living in the place had a some what curious experience. They had only just moved in and were unaware that having to entertain any denizens from the other world was part of the conditions of the lease. But one day a man brought a bag of potatoes to ordci. As he knocked at the front door the girl bade him take the bag of murphys around the back. He did so and returned for the cash. In reply to a question he said that he had taken the bag around the back and an old man had received them from him at the cellar door and had taken them down be low. Now, as there was no old man kept on the premises, ,the occupants of the house were somewhat inclined to regard the man in the light of anything save that of a temperance advocate and asked him to show them the place. The cellar door was closed as it had been for months apparently, and on searching below no trace of the bag could be found. There were the tracks of the man and the marks where he had put the bag down in the dirt at the ctllar door, but that was all. Now, ghosts have no use for spuds as a rule and so the mystery was inexplicable. The potato man swore to the truth of his Btory and the occupants of the house re fused to pay for goods they ncverjreceived, s/- the affair has re'maiue'd a myeldfy until Way. 