Tenants of the Crown, and ilielr<irievauces. Tenants of the Crowii in the North are beginning, to, apeak out concerning the Bill" beforO "Parliament for taking away the powers of Larid Boards to deal with applfcationk for reductions Of rents and confer then! upon the Surveyor-General. A depu.tatiofl'bf Northern M.P.'s waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands last week, with resolutions .passed at a meeting of Crown tenants who were indignant at the action Of the Commissioner in pro posing' to ,tSke away 'the power from, the Land Board, and complaining that sucha'long delay had taken place in deal ing with the-applications for reduction of rents. - In reply the Commissioner stated that - he was-sorry, that the applications could not he more, speedily attended to, as there -were such a large number re ceived, but.be would try to finish them up as soon as possible. He farther stated that the Government were of opinion that the Surveyor-General was quite capable of dealing with the applications. We re ferred to this matter- some time' ago, and the Chairman of the Lncindale District Council 'alsp brought it before the Pre-, tnier on the occasion of his recent visit to the District, but with unsatisfactory re sults.. . Crown tenants, especially, in the ^South-East, where they have so many drawbacks in the shape of water, rab bits, wild dogs and foxes, diseases in stock, and inferior country, should combine to see" that/the Government by a side wind are not going to deprive them of a fair hearing for reductions in' rent." "Crown tenan^&'seeqrtq us to be about the only class .of the;.community who,neglect to combine for their own interests, and they are the.-class that will suffer roost from the- new:feugled. legislatipn ■ that Sou.lh Australiansv-b'eing surfeited with .af'the hands Qj.^an!. opportunist "Govern ment! ... v The . Crowii " * tenants have to sell their produce.-in the markets of the worjd, and. take what prices are going irrespective of what legislation is passed to/prop - up other .industries. So far as the South-East is concerned they have" to depend principally npon wool and cereals, and with the exception of one or two minor items, .Bitch as barley, they have' to sell !at the price's ruling in the London market/ Whatever expendi ture is involved in faddy legislation has' Ip. be ; made good by extra taxation,' whielr Nbears" moBtly on the producer, - of . which class the Crown tehahts form such a large propor tion. . It therefore devolves upon Crown tenants as well as other landholders to carefully wafcb the trend_of legislation to see that-th^ufe not "being upjastly dealt with by a> Government who'are adepts at making: spe&ouk;" jwomieeB. The Bill passed last session; providing for special redactions" in' rent where . a good ease is made out is one of those the Government trade upon when dilating through the country upon what they have done for the -prodncer; but- the-measure they have"-now before Parliament seems to be an ingenious scheme for taking" away with Olie. 'hand what th.ey have given with; qbe other. It is true a goqd deal r,pf .the Crown lands have been taken-up by people with their eyes open, but itjhpuld be remembered that the^fall in the price of produce of all des criptions dprihg the last two or three years has been unprecedented and that in conSequencd;.Crown tenants are entitled to special consideration. Boms time ago the Premier was/pouring out volumes of sym- j patky with the tenants of the South Austra- ! lian Company* "and°with that popularity hunting eloquence which is: so prominent a feature of his politjeal ehaeacter promis ing legislation, which would demand' from i the Cottpfltny' ju&cdnpessiops; "for' their j tenants-/- Jt lldej/ ¥££1^: passing atraDge that Mr/ Kipliri&m;^ Government shduld now hs^' vf heKliehttnt^ coming' to them begging /for;-* fAiW." unprejudiced en quiry ;into j,ihw.r . applications ""for con/ petBions-: rW0' gr-aBt - that- sotne may not be ehtitled.fdlaroy redactions in'rent; but the tenants^f -the .Crown should not be-denied a fair enquiry . into their cases. With- all due respect, to the- intimate knowledge -tbei" .Commissioner of Crown Lands has of'the working oi his Depart-" meat. it-, is -clearly evident that' the Snrveyof-Gene'ral has nof tlie time at his I disposal to. make such enquiries as wi'l do ! justice to the applicants for redactions in rents '; arid considering' the financial straits the • Government are in it is not) likely leading departmental officials would be at all willing to sacrifice a penny of the revenue of their departments which they have so carefully estimated for the current year. However,, it "is" high time something.was done with thoapplications, for in this respect alone the Government | are highly censurable for "the protracted delay in dealing with theiri. '-' Concert-—We remind our readers of tb first. concert by the "Narracoorte llusica Society, which will be given in the Institut Hall on Wedensday evenina in aid o the funds pf the H. and F. Society. Ai excellent programme has been issued, am we hope to see a large audience. Seat may be booked at Mr. G. P. Smith' emporium. Mr. G. H. Styles, Sub collector of Custom at Kingston, has been appointed aninspec tor of public-houses for the licensing dis trict of Narracoorte, Narracoorte Cricket Club.—The anbnal meeting of the members of the Narracoorte Cricket Club \tss held at the Institute-on Friday evening. October 4. Mr. F. Attiwill presided oyer a full at tendance of members. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The Secretary (Mr. G. Brownlees) read a statement of the receipts and expenditure foi the past season, which showed the Club to be in a very satisfactory condition. The statement was. received and adop ted; Mr. Ci Mehaffey presented a state ment in connection with the big task he had undertaken last season to pay off all the old debts of tbe club which had accumulated for several years. The state- - ment - showed that Mr. Mehaffey had collected by subscriptions, the sum of £20 12s, and with this amount he had paid off debts amounting-'to £34 19s, and be handad 7s to the Club. Mr. Mehaffey, in handing his statement to the Club, gave them good advice to avoid getting .behind in their accounts again. _Several.of the members spoke in eulogistio-terms of the -excellent service- rendered .to "the club, by Mr. Mehaffey in wiping pat the old debts, and ail joined in giving hitn.a hearty cheer for so successfully&ceoBiplishtng; the work A letter waa read from- Mr. R. Freeborn, who is leaving-for Adelaide; wishing, the club eveiy- success. ..The. members ex pressed regret in losing Mr. Freeborn, and all wished him every prosperity in the fnture. The election of officers for the season resulted as:follows:—Patron] Mr. A. Smith, J;P; (Hynam) ; President, Mr. Jas. RobertsOn <Sfcruan>; Vice-Pre sidents, Dr. MaemUlan and.Mr. R. Law: rBon-LX'PadtbawaySt';: Mr." G. . Brown Jmr. . ,-waj . .preposecb^ fpr,^. .Secretaj^, hut ha-stilted ^that be could riot, spare* 'the "ti me Ob fulfil the duties as be would like to, and asked that some other member might take-tbe position. Mr. W. Piatt was proposed-for the office,Tint he also, declined to take -it. Eventally.Mr. A. H. Peake was elected to the' position of hon. Secretary.The other offices were filled as - follows: — Ground superinten dent, *Mr. -W. Piatt; general committee, Messrs.-J. Moyes, H S, Hamilton, A. Gunning, .A. Chaplin,'.and. F. Anstey : captain, Mr. G.BroWnlees; vice-captain, Mr. J- Moyes scorer, .Mr. J. -Drew ; match ..committee, the captain, .vice-cap tain, and Secretary-. -After several, pro positions .and. amendments- .had been moved, it was resolved that members subscription for the season beJfixed. at 5s; The fotlolV'ag gentlemen;yere appointed to wait on the^^-ltnimittee to arrange fresh terms for the'riseor -the ground for the season] with;full power to unaiiy decide the matter -Messrs. W. Piatt, J. Moyes, and^G. Brownlees. '." The Secretary stated that.Mr.-Jas.Robertson had intima ted his -intention ©f presenfcing. a. new matting to tbe Club. A motion was car ried thanking Mr. Bobertsbtf for. his . valu able present. The Secretary also reported that Mr. G.P. Smith had presented a bat to'-be given to the highebtriverage scorer during -the'season, the-- winner to take part in two-thirds of the matches played. 'A. vote of thanks was ^passed to Mr. Smith for bis gift. The usual votes of thanks having been passed to the retiring officers and the Chairman a long meeting termin ated about 11 o'clock. ■" Shipping Wool:—Messrs J. Grice&Oo.; have made arrangements for shipping wool at Kingston for: London by fast-going steamers in tittle to critriti the January sales. The Yarrawonga arid Patbau will call in at Kingston en roiite from Melbourne and Sydney to London- between the. 20th and 30th of November. This firm has. also made arrangements to ship wool regularly from South-East; pcrts to Melbourne during the season. A London cablegram states that a better tone exists in the/wheat market, the- quota-; tion for Australian samples being frilly Is. in advance of last week's q^btations. -The death is announced of Mr. David Forbes, of Kont Js&rin;, President of the Kowreu Slnre.C'onricil. Rheumatic fever; folio we d,riy-pn e liuib nia, wasthe cause of death.. Mr. Forbes was elected President of tne Kowree-Shire Council op the.2ud 1 6f September,- and he died on the 23th inst. He represnted the Eastern Biding for eight years. - - ■ • Lucindale Show.—The prizedist of the Lucindale P-,; -A., and H. Sotiety's Show, which is to'be held on Wedensday, November 6, will be found in this morn ing's issue: ' The prise-list appears in-full with the exception of school prises, which portion of the list;will "appear in-our next issue. Liberal prizes are offered," and there is every prospect of the show being a success. Border Town Congregational Sun day School.—The anniversary services ^of the Congregational. Sunday School, Border Town, were held , on Sunday, the 29th of September, v- The preacher for the day was the Rev, J.. O. Kirby, ol Port Adelaide.." He ifcing Well.: and favorably known, -there were lafge attendances-at the three, services, rind - in the. evening many were unable toiobteW admission. The sirigihg 'Was'welir rendered "by the scholars. Much credit is due- to Miss Grace "Milne,; tbevprgairiBt. ind- Mr, G., Milne, the conductor, for their efforts in training the .children. Mr. Kirby was assisted in tbe services by the riiinistet of the Church, the Bevl- Wi "S." Psarse. On Monday evening tbri^public' meetirig was held; When, notwithstanding the inclenrT ehcy of: the weather/there-was a large attendance. The Superintendent of the scho'ol, Mr. W. E. Fisher, presided.* The Secretary (Mr. G,-Milne), furnished the annual report, which was most satisfactory. There are 110 scholars on the roll. The Rev. J. C. Kirby gaveap interesting and instructive - address" on " Pestalozzi, the Swiss'educationalist," which was much appreciated. Addresses were also given by the Kavs." H. Chester and ' W. S. Pearse. Music -was rendered at inter vals during the evening by the scholars. A supper brought a.:- very successful anniversary to a close. Weights of Fleeces of Prize Merino Sheep.'— Messrs. A'. .Mclnhes & Co.", .■• who tobk a number of 'grlzes in merino sheep at the Penola ' andNarracborte Shows-, -forwitd us the weights of- wool several of their prize sheep v-cut w hen shorn! • A two-tooth ram, which wa's second in his elate at Narracoorte andthird at Penola, cut 16 lbB. A four-toothewe, second in her class at NarracooHe -'arid first'in her class and second champion at Penola, cut 14 lbs. A two-tooth ewSV second in her. class .at Narracoorte and second at Penola, cut llf lbs of wool. A two-tooth'ewe, first in her class at Narracoorte, and third ' champion rind -first in her class,' first champion arid "grand champion in farmers' section and second champion in open classes at Penola, cut 15 lbs. ' All the foregoing sheep were sired by Young McQuarrie, a Moy Hall bred sheep. A Ghost at Hindmarbh.—A report is current at Hindmarsh (writes The Ader tiser) that a goat has frightened a number of people there. It is alleged that "the ghost" has a coffin lid ou bis breast, and that by certain - increments he terrorises night-watches. It has been commriu talk that a well-known medico was frightened arid that he gave the ghost a thrashing with 'a horse-whip, but this on enquiry proved to be untrue. It is singular that although several persons are said to "have seen the ghost, when these have -been in terviewed it happens to be some one else who has been visited by the apparition Mb. A. Zimmerman , the world's cham pion cyclist, is now -visiting Adelaide. Influenza is a very prevalent in the town, and the epidemic' has made its appearance in rather a severe form. There aie several bad cases here, and in many instances several members of a family have been attacked by the disease. 