TWO TRAMPS. The snow that lined the sides of what the railroad men of that section called the " Brighton Cut " was,- for tunately for two persons who suddenly found- themselves' transported from the cold hospitality or a ireight-car to the colder embraces of the wide,; white world that encompassed the track, very deep. After a moment or two of; partial insensibility, more the result of bewilderment than of actual physical hurt, these two lifted their heads up out of the white counterpano that clung to tliera like some, active envelope, and looked after the train that was now merely a mist of smoke and an echo faint beyond tho curves of the forest. "H'm," said the. first one of the two derelicts to rise , nnd shake the snow off his thin form, " that was a fearful breach of hospitality. Wo in vest a common, carrier, so termed in law, with the dignity of carrying such uncommon personages as ourselves, and this — this is the treatment wo receive 1 Billy, this is a heathen country !" He took off his cap and passed eight long and bony fingers through his snow-invested hair, "Damn his eyes !" said Billy. He was a person of few words, and fewer attractions. He was short, and his general effect was towards the loutish. "Yes," the other replied, looking about him, " I have no doubt you are right. Billy, your explanation is a most agreeable one. It was owing to some curious defect in that brakeman's eyes, doubtless, thathefailcd to noticeourliigli estate ; if any part of him is to sutler condemnation it is his eyes. Billy, I agree with you ;say it again I" Billy, for a brief minute, looked as if he would like to include other and nearer eyes in his anathema. He con tented himself, however, with a muttered " Argh !" a circular look at the prospect of sloping meadow land, and a " What next, cully?" "Stranded as we are upon an ap parently shoreless sea of snow," re sponded the gentleman addressed as "cully," "our next move should be towards shelter." He paused to kick some snow out of a boot that was, as to the toes, over hospitable to the elements. " This is a dismal spot 1" To tell the truth, tho " Brighton Cut " is ono of the bleakest places in the State. The railway track comes winding down a steep grado until it reaches this cut ; the soil thereabouts is not tillable, and there are no fences for over half a mile. A thin strip of forest shuts out the western view. On a grey afternoon in midwinter it looks very lonely, and there is something in the silence of it, after the rattle of a freight-train has echoed away, that strikes a chill even when the sun is shining. It was no wonder, then, that to these two, just stranded there from the comparatively warm re-, cesses of a lumber-car, the place should seem decidedly dismal. They were used to dismal things, to be sure ; but that ever-present yearning for luxury and its attendant inexertion — a yearning that had made them what they wore— rebelled at every repetition of the unwelcome reality. It is cot necessary to state very particularly who these two were. The one with the tall frame and the taller language might have been a great many things, some of them great ; the fact that he was none of these is explanation enough of bis title as a tramp. As for the othor ono, it "is doubtful whether ho had ever had even possibilities ; he was, by lapse of all other capabilities, a tramp for sure. Just as it is suffi cient of a man to. say that he is a king, so is it enough introduction to make certain'that he is a tramp. These two wero indubitably tramps. It was evident in tho consummate grace with which they wore their curiously allotted clothos. It was patent in the air of nobility that stamped them as true lords of the air. It was on their breath. "I may say, without exaggeration,'' continued the taller of the two, " that this is a place unfit for such as we are to rest in. Wherefore, let us recon noitre." As they passed up the slope towards the north, it began to snow steadily. Over in the west-, tho faint, grey light of day was dimming to tho almost colorless shade of white upon white. It was an arduous task, stamping through the drifting snow. Prom time to time one might have heard, had one been within earshot, the voice of Billy, cursing as he walked. On what is known in that county as the Brighton Mill-road, there is, for the most part, a sprinkling of as fine farms as there are anywhere in the West. The farm houses are well painted, and the barns are roomy and new enough to be the envy of many a man who has gone further toward the plains and rented a log cabin. For a distance of about a mile, east and west, however, this highway passes through a barren dis trict that is marked by nothing save a tumble-down shanty, with a roof tho bricks of which have fallen eastward. This shanty stands at a point whure the highway is nearest to that point on tho railway known as tho " Brighton Cut," on tho summit of tho arid slope leading down to the rails. For a good many years this shanty had been the homo, if one may use the word so lightly, of a certain Doe Middals, concerning whom but little seemed to bo known, save that ho was " baching it." Just what presumption of ownership or interest in the shanty or its surround ings went with Middals's system of occupation there seemed to bo no ono willing to testify. This Doc Middals was a queer follow who rarely spent more than a month or two at a time in the shanty, and his goings "and comings were so erratic, . his place so remote from the view of other habita tions, that tho question of Ills presence or absence was always an open one. Tho farmers who passed on the highway had long since given up speculating on the subject ; Middals frequently denied himself a fire even in midwinter, so not oven the absence of smoke about the shattered chimney was proof posi tive of tho man's presence elsewhere. It wns in this cottage that Lingo Dan— by this sobriquet was the taller of the two tramps, who had been lately deposited- in- the "Brighton Cut"- by an inhospitable' brake- man, known in such circles as. knew him at all intimately — and his partner Billy were housed about a week after their advent in. that part of the country. By a. mar vellous instinctive faculty of penetra tion, of stilling his own curiosity, Lingo Dan had fully possessed himself of all the facts in connection with, that shanty before ho entered it. Covered by the drifting of the snow, the presence of these two was abso lutely unknown to a soul. . In tho driving storms that followed their arrival like a wail of omen, all their tracks through the snow had been obliterated. Looking out of the eastern window of the Middals Blianty Lingo Dan gave a sigh of admiration. The sun was making a million diamonds dance about the crust of snow that stretched away over the fields and on thehighway; it was like a rollicking cowboy shooting until his victims dance for dear life. Clear as crystal, the air was intensely sensi tive to tone ; a far-off rinsing of sleigh-bells sounded with a distinctness that belied distance. Out of the blue of the sky, the glitter of the sun, and the fierce purity of the snow, there arose a splendid dnzzlement that blinded unaccustomed eyes. "It would bo pathetic," 'mused Lingo Dan, aloud, after passing his hand over his eves to shut out the glare that began to hurt him, "if we should find our opportunity on such a duy. Look, Billy, what' a day it is ! H'm, I had not thought this country capable of so magnificent an effect. And yet,- do you know, I think id is. going to snow again before night." Billy offered no reply, v He was en gaged in cleaning out a rifle, and at intervals he contorted his face into a squint so that ho . might ; gauge the nicety of the barrel's internal polish. ' "When I come to consider the matter," Lingo Dan went on, " I begin to regret my harsh words anent that brakemnn. Ho was, as I now see it, an instrument of a benign providence. Providence is, indeed, singularly be nign. What could be handier to our purpose than this cottage and its asso ciations? Occupied by a harmless hermit it takes on all the innocuous- ness possible. Benign providence ! This man Middals is absent, leaving us his shanty and his shooting- irons. Benign providence! I feel it in my veins, now tingling with tho excitation so beautiful a day has put me in, that there will presently come someone whose necessity's not so great as ours. In the interest of liberty and ' equality, we must relieve his person of its valuables ere we release him. I trust he will not resist. I sincerely trust so. But if he does He looked at Billy's employment. " Is it clean ?'' "Slick as grease," was Billy's an-, swer. " Benign providence ?" It was as if in response to Lingo Dan'b devout utterance that the eastern hilltop became at this moment slightly clouded with a fine powdery mist. Then the forms of two persons on horseback appeared upon the slope; it wa3 evident that their ascent of the farther side liad been accomplished at a canter. Even at that distance, so clear was the, day, the breath from the horses' nostrils could be seen rising about them like a halo. At the first sight of them, Lingo Dan, smiling unctuously, /said, "Ah, Billy, our prey approaches." "One?" " No ; there are two of them. They are riding. One is a man; the other, a woman. They are young. Judging by their present loitering and the interest each exhibits in the other, I should say thoy were lovers." . " No good — they ain't 1" Billy gave the rifle a last vicious wipe and laid it upon a shelf. " Haste,, ray boy, is a dangerous in dulgence. I beg to differ; I think' we are in particularly good luck. Such slight observance of ' tho ways of my kind as I have been able to take has taught roe that in certain walks of life a young man never permits himself the company of a young woman without being sure that he has money in his pocket. Yonder young man is of that walk in life. There are, you see, so many possibilities, such contingencies, that to provide one's self with money before providing 'one's self with a companion is merely to prove one's appreciation of the world wo live in ; this applies to a ride of an hour as well as to a marriage for a life." Billy was apparently used to such i lengthy philosophies, for'hd replied,' ap ' if unconscious of the other's wordy ;' efforts : " Say ! How about getting away ?'' " Easy — ridiculously easy. After obtaining the reward of our exertions, we drift gently down the slope to tho railway, and presently, boarding a freight, turn our faces to tho Golden "West. I have observed a ledge of rock from which we can easily propel ourselves on to tho moving cars while the train is toiling up to the steep grade of the cut. Wo will not be found — if we ever are — fmtil many miles have been traversed ; an alibi will bo complete." " But our tracks from here to the cut ?" " Billy, you are singularly slow. Do you see that cloud on the horizon ? Before night it will snow; our foot marks will be utterly wiped out." Bil'y considered a moment. Then he said, triumphantly, " But the impres sions will harden this surface ; they'll get on to us if ever they sweep away the now fall of snow." Lingo Dan shrugged his shoulders. " Whence the inspiration of that remark, I know not.' I think you must have been reading Conan Doyle. Well, you can be quite sure that their are no Sherlock Holmes in this part of the country. Dear me 1" At this last exclamation Billy looked curious.. " What's up?" he asked. For an instant or two Lingo Dan made no reply. Ho wa3 looking in tently at the highway ' on which the two riders were . approaching. In point of fact, the occurrence that, attracted -his attention was singular enough. As they rode slowly, side by side, down the slope of the road that came to the shanty from the oast, the young man's left arm slowly dis engaged itself from the reins of his horse and passed behind the waist of his human companion ; their bodies und their heads came gently, carefully together ; the girl's hand: went up to her chin, detaching : the veil and relegating it to - her forehead, and then her arm . encircled the young man ; their faces met in u kiss. The - horses', heads hung down and their feet ambled leisurely ; tired after their hill-climbing canter, they took this respite thankfully enough. It was a kiss that lasted longer thau do most kisses ; the 'ad venturous circumstances and the peri lous nature of their position tended to fill both these riders with the ad visability of making the most of bliss ; to them the - kiss was but an Infinitesimal instant of happiness; to anyone not concerned in it, its length would have seemed an eternity. All these things the v/atcher in the cottage observed; " It is evident," he said, presently, " that this is no ordinary case. They are lovers, but they are also more ; are eloping. This complicates matters. It makes our booty greater, but it in creases the— h'm — tho difficulty. Yes, I am afraid this' will be a — whatdid we say in the Quadrangle? — a mauvais quart d'heure." "Whatlre you drivin' at?" Billy glowered at his companion in evident disgust at his high-flown phrases. : " My dear Billy, .here are the facts : Two persons, when they elope, are pre paring for a future ; hence, the young man lines his pockets before lie starts. Ho: lines his pockets, however, both from without and within. Realising the risk he is running, lie puts pistols . in his hip-pockets, as well as a purse over his breast.'' f'l reckon that's likely." "Thank you. Your acquiescence, Billy, soothes a spirit slightly ruffled by the prospect of discourtesy. For, to tell the truth, I fear we shall have to —h'm — silence these two first, ar.d inquire afterwards. It would be so infernally unpleasant, you see, if he got the drop on us. Understand, then, that we are. not to take risks. Yon, Bill', will sight for the girl ; I'll take the man;" Thero was a click as Billy sent the hammer of his rifle to the full-cock. Liugo Dan stretched out his long arm, picked up. the other weapon and rested the barrel carefully on the window- sill. ' ' . The riders were quite close to the house, and the love in the eyes of each shone out with a sort of spiritual bril liance. . They loaned together again and joined lips in a long, delicious kiss. And while they kissed two shots rang out on the crystal air. An old woman living on the out skirts of Liberty town rejoices in '.the- peculiar sobriquet of Mrs. Early Worm. This is, one can only suppose, due to her habit of rising , at a most infinitesimal hour, in midwinter as well as in midsummer. As to her reasons for this singular course, there is nothing but conjecture. She is said to have driven her hus band to an early grave, and then overcome by remorse, to have sworn to seek none but an early grave her self. However that may be, the things that Mrs. Early Worm saw on tho morning of the. twentieth of February," 189—, are facts, and have nothing to do with the realm of oonjecture. When she arose, the world wrb still, in spite of its coating of snow, very dark. There was light, to be sure, of that curious, indefinite) grey that dis tinguishes the birth of a day in winter time. She was proceeding to the wood-shed to pick up the usual armful of kindling-wood for the kitchen stove, when suddenly she said, "Laud sakes, what is that ?" and stood stock-still in the middle of the yard. What she saw was this : Through the- grey dawn light that hung be tween the earth's white coverlet and the night's flying wings of sable, there approached the. apparition of two horses and two riders. In the grey haze thoy. shone liko angels of white ness ; thut was the awful part of it— they were white ! Against the hori zon, where night still held sway, their forms wero out -as clearly as in ivory. As they came hearer, the old woman, shivering now with cold and fear, observed that one rider was a man, tho othor a girl. Thoy sat motionless, rigid, as if carved of marble. Thoy were covered with frost from; head, to foot; they were white with the hue of cold. The horses, as they stopped rhythmically forward, blew out mists of steam that camo buck to them frozen coatings of ice. The old woman, with an effort, found energy enough to wrench herself out of tho strange, lethargic fascination she had been in. She began to run, as fast as her old legs could carry her, towards the nearest house, about a hundred yards away. Presently tho entire village was aroused to the presence of this ghastly phenomenon. Heedless of the terror they occa- sionsd, the horses stepped on with a tired and even gait. And now it was observed that the riders were linked together, that the two were one, that here was some awful unity of horror. There arms wore intertwined, there faces touch ing. The man's right hand held his horse's reins and a hunting-crop, wliile his left was about tho girl's waist; her right was nbout his shoul ders, and her left held the reins. Their shoulders touched ; it was as if tboy were hewn out of one stone. But there was no breath from their nostrils. "White as ghosts," still as eternity, they rode on into the heart of the village. Numb with dread, no one dared ap proach them. AH knew their faces well ; no one spoke their names ; even curiosity was stifled in the greatness of their terror. , Withv'the resonant- clamor of iron shoe3 upon wood, both horses ascended the slight-sloping entrance to the livery barn. Roused by the sound, the livery man came out of his oflice. He looked in dazed astonishment at these color less, silent, motionless riders, he noticed what no one had yet seen ; upon the breast of eaoh a crimson stain, not quite hidden by the ooating of frost. "Great God I" he said ; "they're stone dead 1'' » ' " The. sun, shimmering through the planks of a lumber car, part of a freight-train travelling through the farther West, rested for an instant .on the eyes of Lingo Dan as he slept the sleep of the careless. Its radiance woke him ; he rubbod his eyes, gavo Billy a nudge with his elbow, and said : "Hello, Billy ; hero we are again 1" "Oh," grunted Billy, viciously, "you bed- — — d !" "I admit it, Billy.; I probably shall bo. What for? For gross incom petence in judging the idiocy of a man in love. For, I leave it to, anyone, is if conceivable that; anyone, but a lunatic would start upon a voyage for. life, with a life-eom- panion, without a sou in his pocket?. A lunatic," Biliy, is, as I now see, a simile for a man in love. Billy, when. I was at college I played tennis ; in tennis Jove menus nothing. It is the same here. Let us go to sleep again. Great Greeley ?— without a sou — with out, o sou!" 1 Turning ovor they went to sleep sg&in.; 