THE DANCE AT TflS FOUR COMERS, (•'LUDGRATE MOXTHLY.") CHAPTER II.—[COXTINUiiD.] Old Man looked round upon his neighbours with the air of one who 'liad been magnanimous under circumstances where magnanimity was the last thing to be expected. The E eve rend Arthur turned to Sally, who. with flashing eyes and pointed revolver, still stood at bay. covering Old Man in a manner whicli evidently caused that worthy a little uneasiness. " Put it down, Sally—put it down." lie urged gently. " Them things has a way of goin' off when folk ain't, used ,to 'em. You'd better be careful." " If it do go off," said Sally, with the cheerful directness which was one of her most prominent characteristics. " you bet your boots. Old Man, that it will hit something." Old Man looked uneasy, as he stood out from the group of his friends, and the torchlight shone on Sally's shining revolver. " If it does go off, Sally," he said pacifically, " I reckon I sha'n't be able to bet about anthin". It bein' sorter cold an' onladylike to be out at this time o* night, mebbe you,d better sling borne agin. You mout know as me an' Ikey'll attend to the remains for friendship's sake." " Ikey will have enough to do to atitend to his own remains," i-etorted the wrathful Sally, "as well as yours, if •you don't stop this foolishness. Now, you just clear out, and get the right iman—if you can see straight enough to Jinow him, This ungenerous allusion to a slight obliquity of vision on the part of Old Man touched him on the tenderest point. " Seein' as how you're gittin' real onladylike an' personal," he said gently—" Seein' as how you're gittin' Teal onladylike an' personal, Sally an' ai'nt no consideration for the feelins iof them as brought you up, I ain't goin' to have nothin' more to do with ithis yer business. I resign. I've bin a imember of the Committee for over (forty years, an' now you comes an' insults my grey hairs." Sally laughed recklessly. " I meant your squint, Old Man, not your gr-ey hairs. Eh, what ?" The •Reverend Arthur bad again plucked at her sleeve. "Don't bother me imust keep my eye on Old Man, or he'll ibe trying to rush us. He's as trustworthy as a crocodile.' The leader of the .Yigilants came forward irresolutely. If you wasn't .a parson ," he Then he stopped. " Promise 5to say nothin' about this an' we'll drop St." . The Reverend Arthur hesitated, " He'll promise," said Sally, cheer fully, "or if lie won't I'll be answerable for him. Hadn't you better be off after Jake ?' "That's it," Said Old Man admir Ingly, and immediatey sinking all questions as to his own blood- thirsty proclivities. " Seein' as how we've settled matters amikerably I don' row, Parson, an' we'll go on with * Baptismal Regeneration' an' smoke a pipe over it. Now, boys, scatter for ithe Bush an' see if you kin git on the jtrail of that skunk. I'll take the land in' place an' try to plug Mm if he ain' Crossed. Good night, Parson. It's real •chilly, Sally. Your father, bein' an official, couldn't stop for the hangin', (You'd better go home too an' study up ion the impertations you've cast on someone as shall be nameless, though, mebbe, cross-eyed or not cross-eyed, he •kin see a deal furtlier'n you.' Sally nodded a gay good-night to the imen as they filed through the narrow idoorway of the store. Woman-like she had not thought of the construe ition which the Reverend Arthur xnight put upon her intervention on this behalf. Beneath the ardent glance •of his shining eyes her own drooped as he sought to possess himself of her band and thank her. " I'm goin' home," she said abruptly. s ' Don't, you know better than to expect me to stay here all night talkin jto you, " But, Sally, if you hadn't cared for me," lie began, Sally turned upon him with rising and illogical indignation. " See here, is this anyway to talk Because I've been unladylike enough to save your life," she said, droppin; .the revolver on the ground, regardless of consequences, " you expect me to ibe in love with you. Men are always so ungrateful, so—so unreasonable, She gave a sniff and began to cry softly. The Parson picked up the revolver ""That's enough, Sally. I don't mean [to distress you," he said softly. Whatever my own fate may be I shall think .only of your happiness. Always re imember that. Don't you think it ,would be safer if I took the cartridges out of this revolver ? Sally began to smile through her itears, the rising ghost of laughter in iher eyes. " N-n- no, I d-d-d-don't. : She sobbed. " It-it-it wasn't 1-1-1-loaded at all, and I w-w-w-w-as afraid they'd f-f-find out I was bluffing them. Old Man, who had lingered behind ithe others in the doorway, came for- ,ward reproachfully. " It's playin' it low down on a man as has dandled •you on his knee to go an' bluff him like .that," he said ; " but I'll forgive you, Sally, if you take back what you said about my squintin'. I'm thinkin' of anarrin' agin an' it might git round. A jcross-eyed man don't git no show nowadays, specially with widders." Sally held out ner hand with a rippling burst of laughter good to hear. "" I take it all back, you bloodthirsty <old monster," she said merrily; "but if anything happens to him," she looked at the Reverend Arthur, who turned i*ed and white beneath her amused iglance, "I'll hold you responsible;" and She fled into the night. Old Man gazed after her with a sar- castic glance. " Seein' as how she's a .woman," hm said, "she ain't accountable, Parson, she ain't accountable. If you ain't sleepy you'd better come ihome with me an' " But the Reverend Arthur had slipped through the doorway and disappeared. Though a charitable man, »ven his charity had limits, and he Was in no mood to discuss theological points with one who had been clamoring to hang him a few minutes ago. Old Man looked after him in an injured way. "An' that's the man as 'live wrastled with on doctrine till he's atile to floor all them 'Hill' folk ! Whv, fffs disgustin' ; that's what it is, di"s- !he ain't got no more manners *n a hog. gustin' ! You'd expeck better stvle from a catfish, an' not be disappointed neither." He cut himself an ample chaw of tobacco and wandered home through Wie-grim, grey dawn, brushing against ithe wet branches of the pine as thev flung their resinous fragrance in his jface. " Thar ain't no fun gom' nowadays," lie grumbled, disconsolately. was most forgettin' that fellow •a^ke." His manner krightened, and he Ihurried down to the landing place on the chance of geiiag a pot-shot at that Worthy, but in vaia. The darkness ad mysteriously swallowed up Chiley Jake. Only once again was he to evisit the Pour Corners—only once again ; but then his coming would be attended witli the majesty and terror of the gaunt king whose name is Death, and who speaks not, neither maketh any sign, but breathes upon us for a little space, until we become as the leaves whirling before the blast, and are blown and driven hither and | thither from out of the Land of Life into the Valley of Darkness and Despair, and whence Man cometli not until the sound of the Last Trump shall call the sheeted dead from out the tomb. CHAPTER III. "A PLAGUE OX BOTH 'OUR HOUSES." Public opinion began to run very strongly against " The Hill" people when it was rumored at the Four Corners that, in defiance of all the unwritten laws of the neighborhood, they had refused to stir one step in aiding the Yigilants to recapture C-hilvey ike. although that worthy was supposed to be in hiding at the parental farm until he could be smuggled safely across the Canadian frontier. The contention of " The Ilill"' people was that the summary action of the Vigi- ;mts had wiped out all moral obligation which they, as a community, might feel to hand over ChilveyJake for punishment. If the Four Corners folk had chosen to take the law into their own hands,and then fail to carry out, the matter had come to a legitimate end. Even the question of compensation to the widowed mother of 'Lijah Fuller could not now be entertained. As a matter of courtesy and good feeling, however, " The Hill" folk were willing to subscribe five hundred dollars. This amount the widowed mother's representatives indignantly refused, with the significant statement that they would raid "The Hill" in a body and "string up" those accomplished ornaments of society, Mr and Mrs Jake, senior. A little hanging, they hinted, would soon determine the whereabouts of the coldblooded i»urderer who had shot an inoffensive fellow-creature, from mere lust of slaughter. The only possible rejoinder to this, was a significant hint from "The Hill" folk that they had laid in an ample store of ammunition, and were quite ready to meet the Four Corners' men half-way. They would prefer, if possible, that the matter should remain over until after their annual dance, as in the event of an invasion, many influential members of the Ball Committee might be obliged to miss the fun, and, consequently, would feel embittered gainst their former friends. The Four Corners' folk were much touched by this appeal to their generosity, and the probability is that the Chilvey Jake episode would have died a natural death had it not been that, in defiance of all precedent and custom after the Four Corners' folk had undertaken not to molest " The Hill people on the night of their ball, the usual invitations requesting the presence of the leading people of the Four Corners were not forth coming. As tbe ball at " The Hillliad been talked of for months this was a slight which could not be passed over in silence. The affront was too gross, too offensive,and was taken to mean an unmistakable desire on the part of " The Hill" folk for a separation of all those pleasant bonds of friendship which, in spite of occasional difficulties, had so long subsisted between the two towns, even to getting their supply of whisky from the same sources. It was not as if the difference had arisen from a worthy cause. The slaying of an insignificant youth, when life was so lightly esteemed, could scarcely be accounted an adequate reason for the discon tinuance of social courtesies. To add to the bitterness of the whole affair, a rumor went round that Sally Wrong had been seen walking with Pete Har rison, one of the leading spirits of "The Hill" Ballroom Committee. That Pete should have dared to show himself near the Four Corners at all durin; a crisis of this nature argued an incredible recklessness. The Four Corners' folk had made up their minds that as Sally had saved the minister from hanging, it would be a very mean thing on her part not to marry him and cause the diminutive cleric to wish that Lynch Law liad been per mitted to run its course. Under the circumstances, it was felt that the matter was one calling for public in tervention Either Pete Harrison should be shot or the Parson must marry Sally. Public intervention, liow ever, in the form of a representative mingling of age and wisdom as deputation to approach Constable Wrong on the subject, was met by Miss Sally herself, and routed with ignominy. "If you're so upset at not being asked to 4 The Hill' dance as to want to lead me one with the parson," that perverse but beautiful being remarked with her customary vigor and a sus picion of heightened color in her fair cheeks, "you'd better give one, too; it is time you did something to prove your selves men instead of idiots who want to lynch innocent people. No wonder ' The Hill' boys wouldn't have any of you on the premises. At this unnatural, unpatriotic, and uncalled-for rebuke, Old Man turned on his heel, accompanied by Ikey, who was only too glad to get away, and went straight off to the Sheriff. " Sheriff, we've got to give dance," he said, " or the women'll talk our lives out. For the sake of peace an' quietness come to the meetin' to-night an' we'll settle the pesky thing right away. If you wants to be popular you've got to git the bulge on them ' Hill' fellers somehow, so this is the way to do it, The women'll make all the men do what you want if you git up a dance. They're like colts. As long as they kin fling their heels about they're all right when they can't, they. git into mis chief." Then he went to Sally, and told her, with much Machiavellian wisdom, that he alone had persuaded the Sheriff to promise that there should be a dance. (To be Continued.) 