*> ? -» *> » J U" ^ litotes and <$oimnfltfs. Br ROYII, BLEND. THE Gladstone meat company have alroadysecured a good contract, and that is to freeze v5 bead of cattle daily for three years. IT IB reported that immense shoals «E herrings have been seen in Sydney harbor (luring the last few weeks. As authority on horses says that the world over, only two out of every 20 thoroughbreds foaled are any good. OWING to the profits of the totahsa tor, the Auckland Racing Club is giving £15,000 more in prizes than it did last year. FOXES are becoming a pest now in South-East Australia. They were first intro duced to provide sport. A POOB -woman in Dunediu, New Zealand, recently went to the police court and asked to be locked up. She stated she had no liome, no money, and no place to go to. IT is noted that in iifae West Vir ginia (N.S.) House of Delegates, a law has been passed for ever disfranchising any man having been convicted of selling his vote or of asking ?money for it. THET seem to have -a fondness for aboriginal and half-cast shearers on the Ilugas Hiver Estate, South Australia. Forty of these dusky colonists have been engaged to shear there this season. No wonder there is an outcry being made about the foreign element in the Rich- mond and Tweed districts of New South Wales. A recent return says that there are 300 kanakas, 200 hindoos and Afghans, 50 Chinese, and nine Syrians there. THEBE is an aboriginal gin on itoundstone station, Queensland, who is twenty-eight years of age, 5ft 5in. in height, 2281b. in weight, measures 60in. round the bust, 60in. round the hips, and 61in. round the ?waist. Bella is the name of this black Venus. THEBE was a destructive fire in "ilarcaldine last Friday evening, and it's good bye to the boiling down-but only for a time I hope. An hour or so saw the destruction of our most valuable industry, and one which -cost over three thousand pounds. Sundat-SCHOOL teacher (to little lioy whose parents had until recently resided .on a sheep station): .« Why did tho shepherd leave the ointy-and-nine sheep In the wilder ness and go after the one that was lost ?" Little boy (eagerly): " Floase, miss, 'cause it were the prize ram." A LITTLE item is going the rounds wliich brings to mind all the incidents of the terrible Deeming case. A contemporary is re sponsible for the statement that Miss Kounse vell, who was going to marry Deeming, lias ac cepted the offer of marriage of an old admirer, a now prosperous Canadian citizen, and has flailed for Canada. THESE are any number of men who are dreadfully afraid of ghosts, but of spirits they are not in the slightest degree. If they were to spe ghosts thpy would run from them for their lives; but if tbey were to hear that ^spirits were about in a certain spot, they would strike a -bee-line for the placo and rim alter them. THEBE was a bazaar held recently in aid of -a schoolroom attached to a South Melbourne Church, a main feature of which «as a "tug of war" between priests and lawyers, six on each side. Tho priests had to enlist the weight and strength of a local grocer, as they only mustered five at the pull, but they jranquished their opponents with comparative caae. THE Bishop of Brisbane does not I appear to believe in praying for raiu, for it is aaid he spoke against the practice the other day, and said that days of humiliation should 1>e observed rather at the height of boom times than in periods of drought and depression. Bishop Moorhouse also condemned the idea years ago, and said that people should conserve the water that fell so bountifully at certain Reasons, and thus make provision' for the dry times. THE leader of the Labor Party in the South Australian Assembly (Mr. M'l'lier Bon), read a letter in the HOUBO tho other night as an instance of the destitution of the work ing classes in Adelaide. A woman had been making girls' serge dresses for a draper at 6d. each, but another offered to do the work at 3d. each, and the writer of tho letter, who is a I consumptive with two children, was turned | adrift. . THE crusade against betting in New Smith Wales, under the Betting Houses Sup pression Act, has produced some big figures. Uiese range over the past five and a-half years, and show that in the metropolitan district of Sidney during that time 054 convictions have taken placo, the fines imposed amounting in the aggregate to £5855, and costs £808. Direct imprisonment without the option is now to be tbe penalty for running " toto" shops, and Ir to commonoe after 1st October. A. E. GOLDSTEIN, Opal Buyer and Gem Merchant, C/o Messrs. S. Hoffnung & Co., Pitt-Street, Sydney. THOSE newspaper editors who are too proud or to obstinate to rctract any unjust or improper language which they have admitted to their columns, should profit by tho example of an editor who gives notice as follows" If any subscriber finds a line in this paper which be does not like and cannot agree with, if he will: bring his paper to the office and point out the offending line, the editor will take his scissors and cut it out for him." THB men on Milo Btation do not ap preciate the Anti-Gambling Bill. Figaro quotes from a letter received from the station as thus " The Government will lose hundreds of votes out here owing to their canting hypoc risy in interfering with Adams' consultations. Theso have been worked upon as the only chance the working man had of making a rise. This station (Milo) used to subscribe between two and three hundred a year towards a clergy man's stipend, but not a penny more will we ever again put up for the parson." IT was night, it was very cold and | late, and it was windy. He had a long walk [ home out of town in the dark, and he wanted a smoke badly for company, but lie discovered he had only one match. He got into a corner, took off his hat and made a shelter from the wind. Carefully ho struck the match and ! nursed It until it burnt brilliantly. " Now for a smoke," he thought, as he applied the light. Alas for his hopes-lie made a horrible dis covery. He had not filled his pipe, which was quite empty. THE Queensland Bailway Commis sioner receives the comfortable little salary of £3000 per annum. But Mr. Powers thinks this is too much, so gave notice in the Assembly that, on the motion for the third reading of the Railways Bill, he will move for its recommittal, with the view of reducing the salary of the Railway Commissioner from £3000 to £2000 per annum. It will be remembered that when the bill was under consideration in committee the amount of £3000 was affiimed on division by 31 to 28. SOCIALISTIC agitation appears to be a lucrative profession in Germany, where there are fifty " head centres," each of whom receives a salary of £500 a year; three hundred agita I tors of the second class, who draw half that amount each; and five hundred subordinates with an annual stipend of £150 per head. These funds come out of the pockets of the working classes, who are now and then ordered out on strike in order that their leaders may prove that they are not inactive. A MAN was boasting in tbe streets of a western township-where hotels are rather numerous-the other night that if everybody followed his example all those hotels would close before the end of the month. " How's that?" asked a rubicund-faced bystander. " Tbey would close from lack of patronage, sir. I never drink." " I see. I can go you one better though. If everybody followed my example every public-house in toe town would close before next Saturday night." " How's that ?" asked the temperance advocate, eagerly. 1 They would run out of stock !" THE " great unpaid" in New South Wales are also great in numbers, no less than 4362 of the colonists being entitled to plaoe the mystic letters J. P. after their names and sit in judgment upon the frowsy tramp, the noisy drunk, and all the rest of the offenders among the New South Welshmen that fall into the hands of "Robert." By the wayJ.P. would stand equally well for "Justice Parodied," although I do not by any means wish to insinu ate that there was ever any occasion to place that meaning upon the letters; I merely note the coincidence. IN reference to praying for rain, the itcv. William Martin, of St. Barnabas, says in a letter published in a recent S. ST. Herald, that the following were occasions upon which rain came when public prayer was offered for it: Prayer offered for Rain. Rain came on October 19,1882 October 21,1862 February 27,1884 March 10,1884 June 7,1885 June 10,1885 June 24,1888 Julvl, 1888 This year's experience can be added to Mr. Martin's next list, for public prayers held on Sunday were followed by rain on Monday, as has already been noted. PEOPLE are about sick of the " new woman" and " bicycle bloomers" items, both humorous and seriouB, that have been so con stantly placed before us in our papers; but the sickest reader of the lot cannot help smiling at the following:-A man was talking about his wife wearing, bloomers, and said that one day she tried to find something in her work basket, and, as a woman will, she emptied it into her lap. He makes out that he laughed until bis Bides ached when the whole lot of spools of cotton, scissors, needle cases, scent bottles, and the thousand and one other odds and endB clattered on to, and scattered all over the floor. A NEW ZEALAND paper says that a Gisbornc man of Mark Tapley disposition went to the races, not to see the sport, but to take note of his debtors there. He writes to a local paper that he counted 69 people who had for over three months owed him amounts from -10s. to £5, making a total of £200. Out of the £2000 put through the totalisator that day he reckons that £70 was rightly his money. The same man estimates that in that very week the Pollard Company raked in £32 that should have been his. Yes, it is funny how readily many professedly liard-up people can find cash to spend on raoes, plays, and their daily wfais AN old lady named Mrs. Bebecca Spurting died recently at Upper Hawthorn, Victoria, aged 104- years, the direct cause of death being shock from a fall. BUSINESS appears to be brisk at the Oharleville end of the Western Railway, and the local paper points with pride to the fact that five trains arrived there in one day, which was a record. At Barcaldine, yesterday week, five trains arrived in the evening between 7 and 12 o'clock. Cattle appear to be rushed to the coast on the Western line as much as on the Central and Northern, for three out of the five trains referred to took cattle from Charlevillc. THE stock trucking on the Northern railway is quite as great an item as it is on the Central. The Department has been doing all it can in providing special trains, yet grum bling is heard now and again from drovers who arrive at the railway stations and find them selves stranded for a timo, and owing to the scarcity of1 grass and water the expense of rent ing paddocks has to be gone to, which, of course, is not appreciated by the owners of the stock. Large numbers of cattle have gone to Towns ville lately from the stations in the north-west, to say nothing of sheep, and the railway yard at Hughenden has been a regular hive of industry for some weeks. A FEW old superstitions respecting wedding garments for tho information and amusement of young girls thinking of getting married, and old girls already " ceremonied"; -Married in white, you have chosen all right; married in grey', you will go far away; married in black, you will wish yourself bade; married in red, you will wish yourself dead; married in green, ashamed to be seen; married in blue, you will always be true; married in pearl, you will live in a whirl; married in yellow, ashamed of the fellow; married in brown, you will live out of town; married in pink, your spirits will sink. ANOTHER meanB for moving a balky horse is being made public, and is supplied by an officer of police. He said " When I was a mounted policeman I learned of a most humane and kind method of curing a balky horse. It not only never fails, but it does not give the slightest pain to the animal. When the horse refuses to go take the front foot by the fetlock, and bend the leg at the knee joint. Hold it thus for three minutes, and let it down, and the horse will go. The only way in which I can account for this effective mastery of the horse is that he can think of only one thing at1 a time, and having made up his mind not to go my theory is that the bending of the leg takes his mind from the original thought." SIB GEOEQE DIBBS has had so much experience of interviews that he fully under stands now how to please the people of what ever place tho ceremony happens to take place in. Townsville was no exception. Sir George rubbed it in very generously there. He had already formed a good impression of Towns ville, and thought the place had a good future. Ho stated that he had never seen a finer break water, and considered the structure a wonderful success, and by dredging as fine a harbor could be made as exists on the Eastern coast He is inclined to think it a better breakwater than even that at Colombo. TownBville will now be known as the city of tho beautiful har- break water. IN Switzerland and Buenos AyreB it is the fairly general custom to shoe the cows. The impression in Switzerland is that cows which are shod, and kept in regular exercise, such as ploughing and carting, keep more healthy, and, consequently, give a better quality and greater quantity of milk. So in Buenos AyreB, where the roads aro extremely rough ana hard, cows are invariably shod. It is the custom in tho Argentine Hepublic for the milkman to take his cow round with him and draw off the milk as required by each house holder. The streets being paved with badly trimmed stoncB, the hoofs of a cow that is un shod would be badly cut by the sharp project ing edges. The shoeing of cows in Buenos Ayres has thus become almost as general, and is quite as necessary a precaution, as the shoe ing of horses. A WHITER in the Frees pointB out that molasses, of which tons are going to waste in the Northern sugar districts, is one of the most valuable foods for stock. The driest of grasB when steeped in molasses dissolved by mixing with hot water is greatly relished by both horses and cattle, and forms one of the most fattening rations that can bo offered them. Owners of valuable cattle and sheep in districts whero they aro likely to suffer from drought arc advised to give the stock a small allowance of food in which molasses form a largo proportion. Molasses is comparatively inexpensive. It costs £2 per ton in Sydney, with 30s. for casks if not returned, and iB highly nutritious. On occasions when the root crops have failed in tho United Kingdom, stock have been brought through the winter in good con dition on straw sprinkled with molasses water. A FHENCHMAN who had become naturalised in England, took a mean advantage recently of the power conferred upon him ewing to marriage with a deceased wife's sister being legal in nearly every civilised country but England. It appears this man's wife died, and bo then married her sister within a year. For somo reason or other he was dissatisfied with his bargain, and reflecting that marriage with his deceased wife's sister was illegal, he sought to have tho marriage annulled. The case came before Sir Francis Joune. The judge had no choice in the matter, as the law now stands, and could not even compel the peti tioner to contribute to the support of the woman lie had cost off. All ho could do was to say that he was thankful that the petitioner, al though a naturalised British subject, was not an Englishman. Some well-deserved hard names wore freely bestowed upon tho petitioner by papers commenting upon the case. TOE Herberton and Tinaroo Divi sional Boards havo been taking action towards having the fourth section of the Cairns railway constructed under the provisions of the Guar antee Act. THE Yankees hare a name for stub bornness and a determination to " gang their own gait" in spite of everybody and every thing ; but the average Australian is not very far behind. An illustration of this appeared in a recent Toowoomba Chronicle, which said that when his Excellency Rear-Admiral Bridge was calling at oue of the Northern ports, he wished to make use of one of the wharves at which the A. U.S.N, steamer Croydon was lying, and ordered her captain to shift and move over to the opposite wharf. The captain in the politest Australian phraseology, told bim to go there himself, that he was waiting for Her Majesty's mails and would not budge an inch for him or anybody else. To make a long story short, this democratic captain remained an hour and a-half after coaling and receiving supplies, to wash down his deck and hatch ways. I NOTICE it is staled that in the Dubbo district of New South Wales bicycles are used by kangaroo hunters. Almost any thing can be done with a bicycle nowadays, especially since the adoption of the pneumatic tyres and a safer make of machine. But the bicycle has not been invented that will be of any use in Barcaldine. The machines are in tended to carry people about, and are always used for that purpose; but if a Barcaldine man was enterprising enough to import an iron steed he would soon findthe tables turned, and that be would have to carry the bicycle if he wanted to move it from one place to another. No horse could have brought a message from Aramac to Barcaldine in the time occupied by the rider of a bicycle, as referred to last week in this paper, and if there were hard tracks about Barcaldine bicycle-riding would be as popular here as it is at Longreach and Aramac. THE New Tork Outlook gives an in teresting account of the "literary corner" of Hartford, Connecticut, the beautiful city where Mark Twain lives. Mark's house .' is a ram bling, irregular structure or red brick with white points-the pattern of a Mexican abode, It has a big, roomy hall and a fine library. Its principal feature is its fine billiard-room on an upper floor, where, when Mark Twain is at home, he can usually be found, and always smoking-the only place where he doesn't smoke, positively, is in church-perhaps the cue in hand, or perhapB filling his desks with clippings, of which now they are overfull; or perhaps hard at work on a new book; or per haps out on the little balcony, gazing and thinking." It appears that Mark Twain is quite a family man. He has three daughters, and on summer evenings they bring out their banjos to the verandah covered with thick foliage at the rear of the house. Mark enjoys these musical evenings immensely. A FBIEXD says that the following occurred in the bar of the leading hotel in the township in which he has the great felicity to earn his living :-A seedy-looking customer appeared at tho counter, and opening a small paper sprinkled a little white powder into the long beer with which he had been served, ro mancing in a mournful-tone of voice that it was his last drink. "Stop, stop !" cried half a-dozen loungers as they ran towards him" " Hands off !" he cried. " This is my potion." And he swallowed it at a draught. " Now bar man, you can call in the police." " Don't die here ! shrieked the barman; and he hustled the wretched man out into the street, and in five minutes had the place shut as tight as a bank. Did the man die ? No, he didn't. He slid round the corner laughing. " It worked," he chuckled. " I wouldn't liave believed it, but it worked like a mouse;" and again his mellifluous laughter floated out on tho night air I HAVE been shown o private letter received from Bollon, in the St. George district, in which the writer glories in the fact that after a dreadfully dry time, they had received 1.25 in. of rain, and everybody was so thankful that it was not necessary to go to church to show that they were. The cattle were dying in all directions, and every night mobs of wila horses galloped through the town to get a drink at the creek, there being 20 or 30 in each mob. The animals had not the slightest regard for the rights of property, and when returning after refreshing themsolves the horses galloped like mad over and through everything that came in their way. One night they rushed through tho school fenco in several places, which was only completed a few days before. As tho fenco was constructed of wire-netting the way it was smashed up can bo imagined, and when breaking through at the opposite side a quantity of tho material was carried away altogether. As tho writer remarks, the animals made a fine mess of it. A WRITES in the Queensland Times, signing himself " Horrified," writes about pray ing for rain in these words .-1 am not to be understood as objecting to prayers^ for rain, if done properly, but I vigorously object to some of our clergy starting prayers for rain a day or two before it is generally believed rain is com ing. There is experienco for it that, in dry seasons, the new moon in September and one or two other months brings rain. There was a new moon on Thursday, and the parsons had Wednesday proclaimed as a day of humiliation and prayer. A certain meteorologist was also interviewed, it is rumoured, to see if it would bo safe to start the prayers this week. It is alleged that he said it would be pretty safe. In New South Wales rain comes about four days, in Queensland one or two, before the new moon. Hence, in tho other colony the rev. gentlemen begin a few days earlier. Do they think they can gull tho people so eaBilyr What did their prayers and humiliation do hers on Wednesday r They stopped the rain. Not a drop fell since they Began at XI a.m. on Wed nesday last. A TOOWOOMBA. paper says that much has been made by a section of the Press of the fact that that Mr. Nelson is president of the Queensland Political Association, and his name and that of the Government have been men tioned in connection with the purging of the rolls. The best denial to the gross misrepre sentation that has been made will be found in the following:-Amongst the list of names proposed to be struck off the Condamine Divis ion of the Murilla Electorate i» that of Hugh Muir Nelson, who is marked " disqualified." THE American expression "O.K." has been translated as " orl correct." It is said to have arisen as followsMore than a century ago the best tobacco and the best rum came from Aux Cayes (pronounced O.K.), and the best of anything was designated as Aux Cayes, or O.K. In the Jackson campaign every lie that could be invented was invented to blacken the General's character, and an in dorsement that he had made. "This O.K." (meaning the best), was takpn by Sheba Smith, and declared by him to be but an abbreviation of the General's customary indorsement of papers-" Orl kerrect" The Democrats took up this statement and fastened the mystic letters upon their business. The meaning, " all correct," stuck to the letters, and since then they have been used in the two meanings of "the best" and "all right." Now you know all about it, and How the letters origi nated that are so extensively used in Australia. If you believe it, it's O.K. THEEE are various ways of getting even with an Inspector of Nuisances. The very latest and most efficient method comes from Bowral, in New South Wales, and the Free Presi saysThis is not a faiiy yam no, but a genuine up-to-date fact, which oc curred in Bowral on Monday week. The cow belonged to Tom T , at least so we are in formed. and it somehow got into Bong Bong street, Bowral. Its appearance as it walked along the street was very odd. Suspended from the front of its head was a placard labelled " Looking for the Inspector of Nuisances," while suspended from its tail was an even larger placard labelled " Licensed to roam: cabbage wanted." The cow was driven into the yard at the Town Hall about 10.30 the same morning, to the amusement of Clerk Farrow and a number of others. Strange to say, the inspec tor did not come across the cow, although be had left the clerk's office only a few minutes before the cow's appearance tnpre. We cannot find out who labelled the cow, but a rumor is current that an alderman had a hand in it. IN commenting upon the last batch of homestead selection areas thrown open by the N. S. W. Lands Department, the S. M. Herald says that it is notable that for the first time in the history of the colony the capital value of the land has been fixed at as low as 7s. fld. per acre. This land is within five miles of the Cobar railway station. It is undulating country of very fair soil, portions of it being rich red loam. It is bring offered in settlement lease blocks of 3500 to 4000 acres at a capital value of 7s. 6d. per acre, and annual rentB of £15 per block of 3500 acrcs. Hitherto the value of land has been arbitrarily fixed at a minimum of £1 an a ere, but the Land Act of 1895 authorised the classification of lands at lower rates. Mr. Carruthere says there is plenty more land at the same low prices to follow, and the work of getting it ready for proclamation is going on day by day. There is land within 100 miles of Sydney, near Thiri mere railway station, which the Minister is throwing open for selection at 7s. 6d, an acre capital value. IT appears by Hansard that tbe Clerk of Petty Sessions at Emerald reported to the Colonial Secretary that men who had begged rations from him had refused 23s. per week and find themselves at the_ boiling down works. Mr. Hardacre had a Bay in the matter, and explained that when he said he would not blame men for refusing to work for £1 3s. a week, and moving further on, he alluded to the work in connection with boiling-down, which was very offensive to men who were not ac customed to it, especially when they were weary, footsore and hungry. Iftbeyhad been ac customed to the workhe would, perhaps, blame them for not trying to earn a little at it. Mr. Reid then wanted to know what right had tiie Clerk of Petty Sessions to insinuate that the unemployed who passed through Emerald did not want work because they would not accept it at the boiling-down worm P Some of those works could be smelt at a distance of twelve or fourteen miles, and men who had been travelling would need the constitution of an elephant to endure the smell." To conclude the discussion Mr. M'Donald accused Mr. GrimeB of paying his men 10s. a week and feeding them on arrowroot. THE Banffshire recently took a great cargo of station produce from Townsville, in cluding 9399 forequarters of beef, 9639 hinds, and 1263 pieces, weighing 1457 tons, which was said to be the laigest cargo of besf ever taken in at a Queensland port. She also loaded 120 tons tallow. This steamer loaded at the jetty I wharf from tho railway trucks. In connection with this loading of the big steamehs at tho wharf, Borne of the northern papers write in a sarcastic strain about the coastal boats refusing to go into tbe Townsville harbor, and call it " decidedly amusing that while the coastal j boats remain outside tho captains of a 10,000 ton cargo carrier-the Banffshire, and of the Bullara, which brought 2,000 tons of cargo ! should be quarrelling as to who should enjoy the wharf accommodation inside. It is under stood all tho " shire" steamers will load at tbe jetty directly from the railway trucks ; the colonial small fir will, as heretofore, take in passengers anywhere between the Quarantine Station and the Fairway Buoy." It is under stood that Townsville is afraid the impression will get about that the water in the harbor is not deep enough to float a flat-bottomed boat, therefore they have it announced throughout tho land, with a great flourish of telegraph wires, that such and such a big steamer un loaded or loaded at -tho jetty wharf, easily, safoly, comfortably, and all the other " lys. 