sports am Sportsmen. THE Victorian Club has re-elected Mr. John Buckley as its chairman for the ensuing year. THE first of the "off" meetings of the Victoria Racing Club will take place at Flemington to-morrow. MB H. Madden, who purchased Tim Swiveller, ia commissioned to buy six thoroughbred stallions in Australia. Racing men in England regard the appointment of the Duke of Portland as master of the horse with great satisfaction. ,T. WILLIAMSON, the jockey who steered Martini ITenry to victory in the V.R.C. Derby in 1883, died recently in India. FOLLOWERS of Taranaki for the two cups will be pleased to hear that the son of Albury will be trained by W. Hickenbotham. LAS ICE R, the new chess champion of the world, has again defeated Steinitz in a tournamont in which they were both engaged in England. TIMIDITY, the dam of Malolo and Beau Brummel, died last week at Bacchus Marsh from nasal disease, a malady she transmitted to all her offspring. Eibidsforoe is a pronounced favourite for the Caulfield Cup, but none of the large sums laid about him are for the stable, a fact which should make intending backers pause. BETTER luck attends J. E. Brewer on his own horses than when riding for others. He won on Emmalea, Rosestem and Bill, his own horses, and lost on Bingara and Baltoro, which he was engaged to ride. BOWES Tattersall betting club is no more. After various vicissitudes, including the law suits with the Victorian Club and the locking up of its money in the City of Melbourne Bank, the club had no alternative but to give up the ghost. THE Actress, who ran last in the Flemington and Caulfield Grand National Steeplechases, won the A.R.C. Grand National last Saturday. Of course, the usual excuses are forthcoming. The mare wag sulky and would not race in Victoria. It is strange how animals do sulk when the money is not on. ENGLISH sporting authorities are beginning to see some force in the conveniences which are supplied on Australian courses. They are actually going to rail the tracks in. Probably in the early part of the next century, the starting machine will be acclimatised and the numbered saddlecloths adopted. AFTER a glorious career over the sticks and on the flats, with the honors of a Caulfield Cup and the stakes of a Grand National to his credit, Tim Swi veller has been sold to go to India. He has been purchased for sttK^Rurposes by the Indian Govern ment. . AT its last(xQ$&tiii;^fche C?6jracil of Churches passod a resolution W^ng t>rffr its v&jeat; thankfulness to Almighty Gcfd>^or tn^defeal^f. the Totalizator Bill. They rnigti£\have^jtddc&*»an aspiration of gratefulness at tKe/f^ospectiyt> continuance of the beneficial influencesv'^fod}b'i&h;^noral standards of the bookies. Societies fo-" the prevention of cruelty to animals flourish in Warsaw as well as in Melbourne. Pro ceedings are being instituted against the owners of the 40 horses who competed in a 60-mile race recently. No less than 36 of the animals died afterwards from the effects of the strain they were subjected to. ONE of Mr. Albert Miller's greatest objections to the totalisator is that it prevents an owner from going to his friends and telling them when he has a good thing. Every penny they put on lessens his dividend. Giving his friends a hint when he has a chance to win is one of the greatest delights'of racing, according to Mr. Miller. 