NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL. . THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN Budget tiny. Nothing pcnwitlonnl expected In Mr. Turner's stnteineut this evening. Tho Now Eialand Shipping Compatiy'a R.M.S. Aorangi loft Plymouth for New Zealand 27tU inst. Fedemtlonlstfl to urge tho Premier to Introduce here the Federal Enabling PHI agreed to by the Premiers lu con ference nt Ilobart. Gold rucoived at tho Molbourne Mint for the week ending 27th iosL, 20,51 5oz, Valuo of gold coin and bullion issued, LOG, 010. By G aunt's instruments at noon to day, tho readings wore Barometer, ,'10-075, falling. Thermometer, in the eun, 80dog.; shade, 53dsg. Frauds on the Customs, such as tboio cf which Itosonfeld, Davis, Benjamin und £|tnuway have boon convicted, Hap nil ijporality in the mercantile community. So tnysMr Juslico iiodges. Mr Ricbnrd'Juhn'sorr, solicitor and bar- ristor of Seymour, was this morning sus pended tor two years by Mr Justice Hodges. Ho hud misappropriated a client's money, given to hiu to retaiu counsel in a criminal caao. Tho anciont and frco city of Hamburg has mot with misfortune. A watchman's lump ignitod a spirit warehouse, and tho building and contonta wore destroyed. Ouo lito sacrificed, Loss of property re ported at about L60.000. Tho remainder of tho evidence in tbo caso of Mrs Allunt against Miss Finkle- stoin, concluded in tho District Court yesterday, which wo wcro usable to givo in our lato editions last night, published on Pago 3 to-day. Some interesting reading. Sentences to-day for conspiracy to de fraud tho Customs — Rosenfold, nino months' bard labour and a fine of L500 ; Davis and Benjamin, each six months' bard labour and fines of L100 oach ; Sfnnway, six months' bard labour and a fine of L50. Messrs Archibald Currle and Co. re ceived u further telegram lust night hi reference to the stranding of their h.h. Argus. It states that water Is still bowing in nnd out of No. 1 hold. Tho other holds have beea securely but toned- down. " Sprlngheeled Jacks " becoming painfully common in tho suburbs. A uoy rrigmeucd into tits yesterday. A day's shooting amongst these reckless Idiots might be attended with the use ful result of euuvortlug slmm ghosts Into real ones. A man giving his name as Charles luenbseu made an extraordinary state ment to a eoustable ou duty lu the city at an early hour this morning. lie COmpJtilncd of having been stabbed se veral tiuies by a woman with whom he had been drinking, nnd was subse quently robbed by the same person while some unknown man held him by the throat. Half-yearly meeting of tho Victoria Insurance Company Limited (Firo and Manna) was held to-day, when a dividend of two shillings and sixpnnco per share wan rtcfclarod. Mr Edward Millor, M.L.O., chairman of directors, mentioned that tho directors had recently declined to accept a risk on the steamer. Argus which it now stranded in the North of Queens land, and woro now congratulating them selves accordingly. Mr T. 8. Dealt, tho rider of Corberus in the Grand National Steeplechase, was charged at tho Flcmlngton Court to-day with cruelly ill -treating the horae. Wit nesses for tho prosecution swore that the /» had beon most cruelly used, but a largo number called for the defonce were of opinion that nquuduo punishment had been iiiflllctod. ; The Bench decided that the horso had not been cruelly treated, knd ibnminsod the cane. In the County Court to-day, before Judgo Gnuut,' Mr. Leon moved for judgment In tho ease of William Knox, mounted constable, of Portland, against the Victoria Pitlnco Company, Collins street. In November Inst plain tiff stayed nt the palace, nnd various articles of jewellery belonging to him, valued ut L57 5f», were sColeu from the premises. pjttluUfr then brought an nctloii ugnliist thifcbmpuny, which was decided In his "fnrbr bv Judge G auiit. An'uppenl tcf tho Villi Court was also favorable to the Utkilntlff. His Honor entered judgment-Tor tho plulutlff for the 'amount, cosw to«be taxed within seven days ? Stock and share market dull at Bollarat to-day. A very dull market prevailed on Melbourne 'Change this morning. Nina men missing from a large fishing lugger belonging to Cork, which look fire off i he coast and had to be abandoned. Tho Chief Justice says that during his experience on thu bench he has sosn no evil so apparent as " the desire to put tho practice of the law into a s'np-dash i ho Warniambool fire fiend is at work again. Last night ho nttempted lo hum down a. stationer's shop, when & confla gration wan narrowly averted. As usual, the police aru inquiring. A lifebuoy, with one of Kerby's patent lifebuoy lights attached, has been washed ashore at Wurrnsmbool. Thero is no in scription on the articles to 3liow to what ship they beloagod, nnd no body has boon washed ashore with them. Tho .Spanish Government has hatl very bad luck in its strugglo against the insur gents ut Cuba. Things hove gone better with it in putting down tho insurrection in the Phi/ppinet Our cable reports that the rebels have been badly beaten. Cr Connibore, chairman of St. Kilda Bench, to a prisoner this morning: "Why did you steal the Rev. Mr Drougb'a clothes nftor ho had charitably provided you with groceries?" Prisoner: "If I had known whose back yard it was I should not havo gone in." Sptiking at the annual mooting of tho Federation League, MrDeakin ro.errcdto tho rule which ohiains so frequently in ro- gard to nccossary domestic legislation, moro especially instancing the oft-doferrod Charities Bill, Thus allitcratively tbo hon. member for Kasendon. "Itis pro- iniso, pause, prepare, postpone I" Tho honest trader, says Mr Justico Hodges, may rtso early and retire hto and then sat his heart out iu endeavoring to find out why ho cannot earn a living where others succeed. Tho reason is that many of the otliors are guilty of dishonest practices such as those of which Rosen- fcid and his employes havo boen con victed, There was a differcnco of opinion .vugs iun luuiiiuers oi hid v uii isonrc to-day, Mr Juslico A'Bockclt was of opinion that a judge might infer that thu failure of a defendant to enter an appear- anco in uu action was wilful after it had been sworn tbat he had been personally aorved. The Chief Justice and Mr Jus tice Ilolroyd ngrcod that circumstances ought to bo stated showing that tho negloct to appear had beon wilful. Tho following clrculur has been ad dressed to town clerks und secretaries of shires throughout thu colony:— Sir,— I am directed by thu Honorable thu Commissioner of Public AVorks to in form you that it is Intuudcd to obtain an Order in Council fixing tlx remune ration to bo paid to thu local auditors for auditing thu municipal accounts for tlic your ending 30tli Septenilicr, ISffii, nt the rate of one guinea ami a half per dlcin for every day wbeu actually eugaged In nuditiug, each day, ex cepting the lust, to eouslst of seven hours. The rase of tho Queen v, Samuel Clements, who Is charged with setting fire to the stable of George Thomas, nt Eandrtnghnm, on thu lfith April last, was mentioned to Mr. Justice Ifood in the Criminal Court to-day. Mr. Cold- ham said that he appeared with Mr. Parvus for tho prisoner's defence. The case would take about u day atid a half, and, as there was very little prospect of Ids Honor being able to hear It at the present sittings, he would like It adjourned until next month. There was uo opposition on the part of the Crown, and the trial was adjourned accordingly. GouerulDoctdfl, of thu French Army, who is returning from Noumea, whers ho lioa boon ou a visit of inspection, paid an official visit to tho Military Comman dant, Major-Genornl Sir diaries Ilolkd- Smith, at tho Victoria Burraoks, this rooming. On arrival Gonoral Doddi, who, it will bo rsmomborod, was tho hero of tho French war against Dahomey, was roceivedwith a general salute by a guard of honor of tho Pormanont Artillery, with their band. Sir Charles Smith, who was attended by Captain Somerset, A.D.O., and tho officers of thu headquarters staff, greeted tho visi- tor. uenerai x/ouua icave to-morrow for Franco by tho Armand-Behio. Referring to tho public meetings hold during tho past year, the report of tho Australasian Federation Loaguo, as sub- mittod by the exeoutiv©, said : " It cannot he ossertod so far that any permanent impulso has fay this moaus boen given to tho national causo." Mr Deukiu explained to tho Council lost ovoning that these words had been agreed to while the fxocutive were suffering from the do pressing influonco of a wot afternoon. On motion of Professor Gosman— otio of the ropontantuxocutivo himself— the ex pression was nltored so as to read— "And it is hoped that by this means souih pormansrt impulse ho been given to the national crubo." Only cno member of the executive objected, and ha confined himself to a sotla voco remark U the chair man, " Why, I was going to claim that this'leaguo was tho one really hoaest organisation in thu colony. But— 