THEATRES AND ENTERTAINMENTS. Pinero's amusing comedy, "The Amazons," was played for the last time during the present season at the Princess's Theatre yesterday evening To-night the comedy, The importance of being Lament, the last work of that fantastic genius Oscar Wilde, will be produced. The production has been accorded the honour of a vice-regal command, and will be attended by His Excel lency the Acting Governor, Lady Madden, and suite The approaching return of the Royal Comic Opera Company to Melbourne is announced. Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove have arranged for them to open the Princess's Theatre on August 21. The final performance of the thrilling drama, " A Sailor's Knot," was given at the Theatre Royal yesterday evening in the presence of a crowded and enthusiastic audience, which expressed the utmost appreciation of the many fine stage pictures by which the production has been illustrated. This evening Mr. Bland Holt produces, for the testament Australasia, the pertaining and romantic play), "Saved from the Sea," written by Messrs. Arthur Shirley and Benjamin Iiiindeli, to which special interest attaches, as it forms the occasion of the first appearance of Miss I lizabeth Watson, sister of Miss Henrietta Watson, for some * the leading lady to the same company, and one of the finest actresses who have ever visited the colonies. The seekers for the production has been specially painted by Mr. W. li Spong, and the mount- ing is said to surpass even what Mr. Holt has accustomed his patrons to The Oxford Theatre, under the direction of Messrs W. W Whitburn and W. Aknrninn, is proving an increasingly) popular resort. Yesterday. evening the amusing absurdity "The Suburban Ghost" was repeated with the greatest success, and the items contributed to the rest of the company met with the utmost favour. 'Jo night a fresh and novel programme is announced. Mr. Harry Rickards's popular Tivoli Minstrels gave another successful performance at the Opera House yesterday evening, This evening an entire change of bill is announced, including the reappearance of the Invounte " lion furniture," Mr. black Murrin, north of the popular mine, Mr. James Harvey On 'Thursday evening next, at the University Conservatorium of Music, the second of the present series of chamber music concerts will be given His Excellency) the Acting Governor and Lady Madden will be present. A limited number of single tickets will be on sale at the box-office at Allan and Co a on the opening of the plan on Tuesday morning next. Reserved tickets will be sold at Is and unreserved at 8s. The programme includes a Iliiytln quartet, a Schubert IT, quintet, and a cycles of Brahms' songs The artists appearing will be Madame Elise Wiedermann, Mr. XV A. River, ' Herrin Din ich, Schrader, and Hattenbach, and Mr. A. Kelman, jim 'The Royal Metropolitan Liedertafel! gives its next concert in the Town-hall on Thurs day evening, when it will be assisted by the ] st) Marsh Company Miss Alice Esty, Mr. Hubert Cunningham, and Mr Alec Marsh. The programme is to include a new choral ballad by Mr. Albert Mallinson, entitled "'The Battle of the Harm The plan will be open at Messrs Allan and Co s, where seats from A to L can be marked off on a eriiiesriii> morning, and M to Z on Tuesday moi mug Miss Alice Esty, Mr. Robert Cunningham, and Mr. Alec Marsh, who are returning to England by the mail steamer Orizaba on the 21st inst, will make their final appearance at an unusual entertainment to be given at the Exhibition building in St Simula) evening, under the direction of Mr. W. J. turner, who has t singers Miss Ida Osborne to complete the vocal quartet. In addition to a popular women programme, the KMV Mnrsb Com nan) will perform in character Ollt abilities operetta, " The" Rose of Auvergne' An additional attraction will be the first appearance of a new pianiste, Miss Haste Mitta II, the winner of the Clarke Scholarship in 189, who has just returned to the colony after completing her four is in' course of study at the Royal Academy of Music, London Mr. J. Brierley), the well known baritone singer, recently initiated a series of afternoon invitation concerts at St. David's Hall, Latrobe street 'They) have been of such an attractive character that he has determined for the future to make them open to the general public. The programme was hills has been prepared for a performance this afternoon includes the prologue to "England" and "'the "train Her" (Hodnett to be sung by Mr. brierley, piano violin, and violoncello BOIOS li) Mrs Joseph Gee, Miss Florence Hinkley, Mr. H Josephs, and Mr Claude Harrison, and vocal se lemons by Miss Rose Claire), Miss Marguerite Johnson, Miss Laura Fisher, and! others The operetta, "Red Riding Hand," with tableaux in aid, will be given by the pupils of the St Kilda Hebrew School and selected voices from the Park State school, on '1 burs day evening next, the 11th inst., at the new town hall, St Kilda 'Déprogramme will also include instrument in and voLal sell tions by the Zingari Orchestra and well Iciioun artists and lune) dancing by the pupils of Mrs Green Carroll's 1 left real Minstrels will appear this evening at the People's Concert in the Temperance Hall, Russell-street in an entire change of programme. This will be followed by a variety) entertainment A large committee has been formed and is actively) pushing of the business arrangements of n lonipliiiientur) women to helen tiered to Miss Maggie Stirling on Wedin sun) beats miner 1, in the Town hall The concert will be given under distinguished patronage, and supported by most of our leading artists and the Royal Metropolitan Liedertafel, con- ducted by) Mr Ernest Wood 'Die council of the Melbourne Liedertafel announce that the society's fifth concert (a smoke concert) will take place in the Athenaeum hall on Monday evening, when in addition to the choir performing several part songs not previously heard in Melbourne, Messrs E. A Altmann, H. A. Newman, land 1' L're will contribute vocal solos, while Messrs N'nnjnks and Walter F Barker will render White and harp solos respectively). 