QUIPS. MiEn of Rank~--oldiers. 'A boy's will is the wind's will,' but a boy's 'won't' it for just as long as he tan hold out against the powers. Little Uirl: 'What is a dead letter, please?' M?mma: 'One that has been given to your father to poet.' 'And, papa, what did grandfather do for his country?' 'Nothing whatever, my son. Ho was a member of Partiament.' It is a singular thing that a man never begins to show his temper until he loses it: A chronic bore, when describing an eoi dent in which a man was drowned, said -'It happened in less time than I take to tell it.' 'I should fancy so; otherwise the man might have been rescued,' replied a disgusted listener, yawning. An English health officer recently received the following note from one of the residents of his district:-' Dear Sir,--I beg to tell you that my child, aged eight months, is suffering from an attack of measles as required by Act of Parliament.' A little girl whohad boon taken to Church cast her eyes, for the first time, on a group of choir boys in surplices, and very much dis turbed the equanimity of her mother by in quiring, ' Axe they all going to get their hair cut?' Mother: 'I sent you my photograph. Don't you think it is a good likeness?' Married Daughter: 'Well, I should say it is. It -is so lifelike that when my hue band saw it he turned es pale as a ghost.' Teacher: ' Do you know why Robbie Jones is not at school?' Tommy: 'He's sick.' Teacher: 'Are you sure?' Tommy: 'Yes; I saw him sittin' at the window with his faro clean and his hair combed.' Married Man: 'Why don't you get mar ried, Mis.s Perkins ? You are getting to look like a "back number "-you will soon be an old maid.' Miss Perkins: 'If I were oe easy to please as your wife was, I would have been married long ago. While teaching a class of girls in a school recently the master asked the following question: 'What was Noah supposed to be doing when the animals were going into the ark ?' He received several answers. At last alittle girl put her hand up. ' Well, he said, 'what do you say?' 'Taking the tickets, sir!' A few years ago, writes one of our readers, I was staying in Dublin, and whilst walking over Carlisle Bridge a bicyclist approached on a high machine, but eiding in a very zig-zag manner. A lad, about eight years old, obser ring this, called out, 'Yahb! Come off that, you'll be saysick in a minute.' First little girl: 'I'm going to have a tea party to-morrow. Will your mamma let yo-u ome?' Second little girl: 'I fink she will if you call it a hot milk and water party.' Gerty (who has behaved very rudely to her mamma), to her aunt: 'Aunty Clara, pray don't go away yet !' Aunty (flattered): 'I had no idea you were so fond of me, Gertie!' G Gertie: 'Oh, Aunty Clara, it isn't that, but mamma said I wae to be whipped when you had gone.' Little Boy (nervously and with an eye to contingencies): 'Mamma, I wish you'd find out who it was that hypnotised me, and punish 'er severely.' Mamma: 'What do you mean, dear ?'. Little Boy: 'While you were out I was pulled right into the pantry, an' forced to eat a whole lot of those jam tarts you said I mustn't touch. Diplomatic.-' Mr. Hawkins,' said she, 'I wish you'd decide a bet between me and Mr Barrows. He says it is onuly 00 feet from here to the beach, and I say it is 1000 feet.' 'Well,' said Hawkins, 'I should say you were both right. It's about 500 of Barrows' feet and 1000 of yours.' Teacher to Johnny (who was mauling a companion): 'What would be done if yon killed that boy?' Johnny: ' Gaol.' Tea cher: 'And after that?' Johnny: L Hangei.' Teacher: 'And after that where wsuld you goP' Jehony: 'Waxworks.' 'Is this your umbrella, sir ?' inquired the stranger in the brown suit, hurrying after the stranger in the drab suit, who had just get off the train. 'My dear sir,' answered the other, 'there need be no formalities in this ease We both saw it in the vcanuf seat at the same time. You got it first. I see it is a geld-handled affair, and I congratulate you. Good-day !' Some advertisemsnts are models of pure English, as, for instance, one concerning a nursing bottle, whiehooncludes wish : ' When the baby is done drinking, it must be un screwed and laid in a cool place under a tap. If the baby does not thrive on fresh milk, it should be boiled!' Their fatal mistake.-Returned traveller: ' What has become of Catchem and Cheatem, the rich lawyers? Retired, I presume?' Resident: 'Yes, retired. They are both in the poorhouse.' 'Phew! What happened ' 'They had a quarrel and sued each other.' A farmer was driving to market when he overtook a pedestrian, and the following dia logue took place :--Farmer: 'Will you have a-ride?' Pedestrian: 'Uon't care if I do.' Farmer (as he drives on): 'Neither do I.' The curate: 'Yeu should always be par ticular about details, Miss Hilda. It is little things that tell.' Nellie: 'I know that. I have three small sisters.' 'You say we must try and get along with only necessities, and here you came home from your club in a cab. 'That's a--ne cess'ty.' 3armeri Wilson: 'Pretty cool of you, Henry, to steal my fowls and then try to sell them to me.' Hungry Henry (the tramp): 'Why, boss, I thort you'd pay a better price fur fowl you'd raised ycrself. You know what yer buying then !' 'But, papa,' pleaded the impassioned maiden, 'he is the only man I love., 'That's right,' replied the brutal old man, I am glad that a daughter of. mine does not love more than one man at a time.' She (dreamilyl: 'Only fancy-a month from to-day we shall be married.' He (ab sently): 'Well, let's be happy while we Herr Szarfranski, a German journalist, has published, under the title of 'Humoors of the Reichstag,' a few utterances of German deputies. "Here are some of them. Herr von Ludwig: 'The people, the masses, know well enough that it is extremely difficult to bscome rich suddenly by honest toil, except ing always in the ease uf inheritance or mar rlago.' Herr Uiebknecht: 'Yes, I should say the case is tragic, if it were not so sad.' •ierr Rickert (taunting the Ministry): 'Upon the M'inisterial benches we hear nothing nothing but profound silence.' Baron de Nordeek, speaking on the taxes on wine: ' If I were to define bottled wines, I should say that all wines that are in bottle are bottled wines.' Herr Weetphal: 'To equeeze the juice out of a lemon, and then give ita kiek -no, it is too much!' Dr. Greve: 'Is there a more burning question than that of cre mation?' At a country ball a homoly-lookieg man had engaged a young lady for the next dance, but a gallant yachtsman coming along per suaded the young lady, who was a notorious flirt, to abandon her previous engagement in favour of himself. The othsr, overhearing all that had passed5 moved toward a card table and sat down to a game of whist. The favoured swain a few minutes afterwards stepped up to the young lady to excuse him self owing to a.previous engagement which he had forgotten. The coquette, mueh chagrined, approaehed the whist table, hoping to secure her first partner, and said, 'I believe it is time to take our places for the lancers.' The discarded ooe, in the act of dividing the pack for the next dealer, courteously replied, 1'No, madam; I mean to keep my place. When ladies shuffle, Iout.' 