SHREDS AND PATCHES. (Bx Aeous ) THE ALDEBMANIC VARIETY COMPANY. 'All the world's a stage and men and women merely players.' ' True, oh immortal bard,' and the .latest addition to the Launceston stajjo is the' Alder manic Variety Company.' If they are not yet in full feather they soon will be, for are we not drifting into New Zea'and customs in accordance with the programme of the Taso Maori leader. It is. recorded in the ehronicles of the Ohehunga Council that during the term of the petti coated Mayor the free entertainment provided for the burgesses was so attractive that no professional players had a ghost, of a show, yea that even a. circus would starve, and that travell ing companies shunned the town as they would the plague. Is it then to be wondered at that Launceston is becoming a poor show city, that the Academy is in difficulties and the players who visit us become brokers when the City Council compete as public entertainers and provide a free show? The Aldermen play to the gallery, and love the applause of their supporters. But we are promised something better in future, for is it not whispered that new specialties are in preparation, and that when a cer tain Alderman fills the chair the per formances are to be in full dress, that the Mayoral robe is to be cast aside, and that of the philosophical Dane assumed in order to acM attractiveness to the proceedings? Truly Launceston is progressing, but whether it is as the civic motto would have us think ' with prudence' re mains to be seen. . The 'University authorities have suddenly woke up, and A sop discovered that the institu ?por - tion is hot popular in Laun LAinr- ceston. It has taken the ceston'. dons a longtime to become seized of the fact, but having done so the nat has gone forth that the University is to become popu larised m the JNorth, There are to be lectures on law, experimental mecha nicp, modern languages, and other little pleasures prepared for the studious youth of the city during the coming winter. Indeed, Launceston is at present the white-haired boy, and * ia to be 'crammed' to its heart's content. But there is a strong suspicion that this sudden concern on the part of the' councilis not without its object. The engagement of the three professors— who, by the way, draw £1500 a year— terminates this year, and it looks as if an effort is \- being made to work up a little cheap sympathy in order to secure a re-engagement. Launceston and the North is, however, practical above all things. When it comes to the question 'of a curtailed mail service or scientific lectures it prefers having its papers and' letters delivered regularly, for if it likes it can purchase a book of lectures cheap on almost any given subject. It does not hanker after the University, but looks upon it as an expensive toy, and would gladly see the whole thing swept away and the money kept in the taxpayers' pockets. A fond mother not a thousand miles from Launceston who the AP.P.LI- had but one son was cation anxious to know what of it. he was good for, and envoked the aid of a phrenologist. The youngster's he ad was duly examined, and the 'maternal parent was told that physically the lad was not fit for hard work, but that he had a fair brain pan, and would make a tolerable living improperly educated. The statement of the professor re specting the working part of the business struck the youthful win J, for like most boys he was not enamoured with anything called work, although he would work hard enough at play. Some time after his schoolmaster had been rating him over his lessons, and f oin a remark made by tie lad the peda gogue was led to infer that he had 'had his head read.' On putting the question plainly he was told tbat such was the case.' 'And what did the phrenologist tell you, my lad ' was the query. c Please, sir,' came the prompt reply, 'he said I was not to' work: hard.' That lad is still a true believer i«i the phrenological science. A certain press autocrat took his final departure from Hobart a recently for somewhere parting- or other in Europe. message. There was great re joicing in the ranks of the members ' of the Fourth Estate .when, as Pat would say, they 'saw the full front of his ugly back.' The fol lowing wire, I am informed, was for warded to a West Australian port where the steamer on which he was a passenger called prior to leaving the land of the Southern Cross as a fare well greeting from those with whom he had been associated in the capital : —Mr ? — , Steamer — — . To tfades with you. More anon.— Pressmen of Tasmania.' The following story is told of a none too popular ex-editcr some CHEAi? where down south: — A at the few -years ago a Govern price. ment official was fined 5s for having punched the cantankerous pressman's head. Shortly after the verdict was made known the following message was received by the defendant from a northern re porter:— 'Launceston — To Mr ? Will forward £1 if you will promise to kick the plaintiff in the recent action four times at five shillings^, kick.' Ex-Mayor Carolin, of Bendigo, who attended the recent Fruit -the man Conference at Hobart, bad from a- warm welcome back to bendigo. his Dative city, for if I mistake nob he hailed originally from the neighbourhood of Cornelian Bay. On Sunday afternoon he strolled forth to view once more the expansive bosom of the noble Derwent, and whilst doing so from one of the piers he had occasion to complain to a policeman concerning pome of his fellow townies who were using language of the picturesquely rugged description. Some members of the ' push ' laid . wait for him the same evening and gave him. an animated five minutes of it. At the conference next morning one of the ex-mayoral eyes was in deep mourning1, and the intellectual looking brow' also bore evidences of the interview of the night before. If the aggressors were only . in the brick- dust city nothing under three months would assuage the publie wrath for an assault on Carolin, but I am not. prepared to say to what extent the benignant Bernard Shaw willgo when he is called upon to pronounce judgment. By the way, if; I mistake not, Carolin senior imported the first donkey to Hobart ; in fact he was the John Thomas Smith of Tasmania. In Bendigo the genial ex^mayol' is regarded as a great connoisseur in monuments. A member of the Fruit Conference made a somewhat unusual A slip, slip whilst discoursing on the orange industry at the gathering at Hobart. on Monday. He was speaking of the purchase of the fruit in retail lots by general customers, when the following expression brought the address to a standstill for some moments. 'I wish to point out., Mr President, that if you go into an orange to buy a shop — .' The sentence was not finished, for a roar of laughter burst in upon the astonished delegate, and metaphorically speaking knocked the stuffing out of pretty well all he had made up his mind to say. 