GLEANINGS.: . The Queen never removes from her hud the throe rings oouneotod with her pooftship and marriage. One ie the eimpla little enamel ribif sot-with e diamond, whiohPrindeAlbert. ■ neve her whenebe wee <foite a oH)ld;th& 'other is her- betrothal ring, a'1 shake of eme rald ey and the third her wedding ring, a plain, narrow band. ■ A piece ofevidence in a Quebeo bretoh of promise oase was a cuH witb-an offer of mar- ' riage-writton on it. One night while the:, defendant wee. holdingthO; plain tint's bend and whispering fervid words, he popped,the qneetion in manuscript on yhe smooth linen of her wrist. She .was sentimental or shrewd jejooughta keep .that artioleout otfche wash, , gutd it has proted of praotioal value. /' The Qaeen..,doea not spprove. of„lsfccbkeye. The yonng Princesses of Wales, so the story. ; jgoee, reoently resided at Baokinsrhara Pslaoe, .and to avoid (be formaiities of the Boyal £ntr»nnetbey asked *tq be '.enppliead with latchkeys in order-to "let themselves out and hihy a aidedooc,' The matter waslaid before iafior,imdh!!maieab6B« :>'" ° ^id^ljmiib^^hiVIni. ebelli fig boats own&i; ,%y?3. betwefcn-W««terh i'i'Aujiitwli^iiili^ tlulf ..-.pf ■ Smithis the JSifB|«WtorTO^M>j«i?»,r; the nstiveB Along sbMe wild sboros. bavjng often whoift and witness t&uirweirdaatioe;* whcreiiu trader artuUsionary Cm eversetfootaBj-ct. =Mrti\' Smithnoton*-*- *- — *-'- -* —-—t..»i-i.*—» -ling her jjusjband a fAoh^hutiitnleo^ ohM^. iughoBteM.acd wheDtheAUBtraliaufquadifl arrived hire in'Augnati'.lgfiijft^gree^eaTbf. the responsibility-fif-the entertain taenia |lfi« ■ Volved ohhet-" ' _.*-s-^'.,. ■ <-.-. ■■vu\ -.•'*£'. ■ .There ie no more determinedfoe to .the wttev :" women: movement then Emperor Williaro. Heuoflheopioion that'the wieaioniof the weaker eex is to set m the helpmate, to men, to hefer tohim in ell things, and to ecmfine . herself to purely domestic duties end oopopa*. tions. All the -new-fangled tbeorieh - with . regard to emancipation and equality he re: gards.with the same degree:of. hostility end aversion ee be does socialism: and Anarchism. No one need be eutprieed,' therefore, to 'hear that the leaders of the woman's emancipation movement in Berlin have been arrested, - brought before Magistrates, and muloted in heavy fines, for being members of an unlawful Society. It stems that in tunes gone by, When the New Woman'was an undetermined.ele ment, and the fair seg content to remain sub servient to man, ft law was enacted prohibit ion women and minors from belonging to any political Society, the women being plaoed thereby on the same intellectual level as children. It'ie this antiquated statute 'of the lastoentnry tbathasbeen resurreoted in order tonip in the bud tbe woman suffrage agitation in Germany. . ■J. . .. ,j • . The upper oircle's in "Russia at first looked upon the young Tsarina's expressions of in terest in the education of women as a more pasting fad.. Now, by ber hatband's orders, Her-Majesty.is furnished by the Oireotor Qeurralof Eduoation with periodical report* on the work done in the Empress Msria In stitution, whioh was founded by the Dowaier Empress for the advancement of female edu cation in Russia. When that important functionary presented bis first report in person the young Empress proceeded to cross examine him closely on'the details of tha work, and aoon discovered that he knew nothing of it, The Director now finds him self in a somewhat awkward position, having made'an elaborate report on the present work of a oertain educational institution which ho hassiuoe learnt was Abolished more than two years Ago, v " Perhaps the woman who spends the most in the Whole world on costumes is Madame Sarah Bernhardt. - Some little time Ago," Bays aooatumier, " the embroidery off one ol her man. lea was brought here, and they wanted me to buy it. I would not like to commit myself as to the price demanded,' bull I think it was over a thousand pohnda. With Bernhardt price is simply no consideration at all. If she takesafanoy coa thing, itis ordered, cost what it may, and she has spent more over oostum.esthan.anr living person." .... An indignant American woman has been vigorously using her pen to attack the "social sliams of America—those of New York in par ticular, She says:—"This is the day of shams. I know a woman who is supposed to entertain lavishly, yet who rarely receives 'a guest. I oall her funotiohs 'ghost parties,* beoause they are only the shadows of the substance, the event itself being purely imaginary. Why, that woman bae' gained her reputation for entertain ing, and has received no end of dinner in vitations on absolutely nothing at all 1 I hare suspected her tactics for some time," and now I am quite sore that what I assert is, -indeed, true—that in ninebases out of ten her dinners are purely imaginary. She has ft clever way of finding out who is engaged, to whom, and then she aske people who ebe knows cannot comb to hsr house, and so soores to her si/oial account, with no other outlay than her oreet6d paper and dainty seal." 