DR. IZARA < < By ANNA KATHERINE GREEN. Authob of "Tire IiEAVKNWonTH Cms," "Be hind Closed Doobs," "The Fobsakbn Inn." " The Defence of the Bkidb" (roEii). - ' ; Chafteb X. There were two topioe oE intor.it. agitating iha town; Ouo was the appearance of a new hermit in the old novo in tho mountain aide, and the other .the eal. of the Unwin mansion and the proapeotire removal of Frederick Un wind widow and eon into tba haunted home of thoEarleei. The latter oooaiioned the greats.it amount of talk;" That this move on thoir part was bat the preliminary, step to a marriage between Clarke and tho young heiress had been known for some timo. But to aee a houee ao long deserted 'reopened, its doors and windows thrown wido to the sun, end tbe smoke rising once more .from its desolata chimneys, was an event oalou- lated.to interest everyone who had felt tho indescribable awe surrounding a piece abandoned by all human life while yet possessing nil tho Bttiibutes of n home. Polly, who for some reason had givon up her . former plau of renting tho big Izard place, waa 1 full of. business and glowing witli the eioite- mont of what wae considered by many in tbe town rather of a daring venturo. Even Dr. Izard, 'who ' waa not wont to show emotion, looked startled when be beard of her intentions, and seemed disposed to forbid the young girl letting a house so givon over to damp and mildew. But when sho urged the necessity of providing Mrs. Unwin with an immediate hoino, and hinted ' at the' reluctanoeT "which that lady .had shown to living at the other ond'of the village, he: rslontsd, end merely insisted, that the place should be thoroughly aired and renu- vatod before Mrs. Unwin went into it. As he was not the lady's physician— had never been even a visitor at the Unwih/mzusion-r-be could eay no more j-but Polly. needed no further hint, . and went ,baok„to her -own, humble home with tho most generous project in her head for lira. Uawin's futurs'cbmfbrt and happiness. It wasagroat' day in Hamilton/when sho and Clarke and fivo'oraix interested. neighbor, first threw open tbe. creaking door of the Earle cottage and, let, tho auuligiit.streain. into lie ghostly interior.' To, her' who. had never been permitted to onl'er'tho jilaot (iiice she had been taken from it, 14 years before,: it' was nil event merely to press her foot on the worm, eatsn oarpets, and alido her. fingers, along tlio. walla that had. once, felt tho' touch .of her parents' garments. . Each room' was n revelation, each corner it surprise. ' Sh'o ' glided , from ball to chamber' and from chamber to hall like the apirit of the younger age introduced into memorials of a long departed one. Hor fresh cheek, from wbioh even awe. equld nob quite banish tire dimplea,' looked out of piseo and yet strangely beautiful amid the dim' surroundings of tho stiffly ordered rooms and old faBhfoned furnishings. , i. .With an instinct natural enough, in the qircumstances, .she bad wiihed to he the first to enter tlieliouse and eross the threshold of each apartment. . But Clatke tvas not far behind her. In front of the portrait of bar father she paused ami drew her. friend.Siaround her. , " 01),". she oried ; " it-was wrong-to keep this from me ; I should havo been brought up under the influence of thnt:facc." lint as sbc further contemplated it her fiist" enthusiasm' faded, and an imlescribabto look of t'Bgne distrust stolo into her rosy countsnqnoo and robbed ,it of iialf ite joyousiiejs. " I— I wish.thcro was a pioturo of ray motbor .here," sho whispered to :. .Clarke, whose arm' the had nervously seized. " Slio bad a beautiful face, thsy aay ; all gentle. liess nnd goodncsa.'.f : . .. .. . . 11 Perhaps we shall find one upstairs," hs sug gostcd, turning to opon inoro windows and to lot" ill more light/'' "" '' " Oh, it'is cold," she murmured,' and moved wltb quito an unr.ooustomed air Jof giavity to- warda.tbe staircase. .i . .. ,,.,Hcr mother's room, with its many, sugges- tions of days whioh. ware not entirely forgotten by her; soemsd to restore her mental balance, shaken by -that hshort; contemplation -of hor father's; portrait/ Siie wept as hor eyoa fell npon .the bed where sho had last, seen tiie out sttetchpd' foriri of bor dying liiothor ; but her tears 'wero tender, nnd quite unliko, both in their : ROurco nmV ' effect, tiio shuddering recoil wbioh had seized her after she had gazed a few minutes at her father's piotured face. .. The book whioh a certain hand had hesitatod to touoh not so. very long ago in this same place she took up ;'and opening with somo difficulty the page's whioh time and da'mpness' had glued together; ehe showed Clarke these words, written on one. of. the. blank leaves in front : — " Ah, ivbat is life ! : 'Tis but a passing touch upon tlio world, A print upon tlio boaches of the'eartli Next flowing: wiive will wash away; a mark That something passed, a shadow on a wall, . 'While looking tor the substance,' sliada departs l A drop from the vast splrit-claml of God - That roumb) upon a stock, a stone, a leaf. A moment, then oxbalos again to God. "My mother's writing . I know ! What a diifcrenco in our dispositions. Whore do you suppose I got my oheerful temperament from I Not from my father." And again she faintly shuddered. " Your father's desk is in the other room," commented somebody. Looking up, ehslald the book softly down and prepared to leavo tho ono spot in the honso of whioh she had any remembrance. " I shall hate to bos this dust removed ; these artiolee touched ; that bed made over and freshened. Do you tiiink I oould hs allowed to do tho firat handling 1 It is bo liko aacnlege to give it over to somo strangor." But OInrko shook hia head. " I have let you ooino with us into thie damp house because It only seomed proper far your eyes to bo the first to meet its desolation. I shall not lot yon re main here ono momont after we aro gono. If 1 were willing, Dr. Izard would not be ; ao do not think of it again." Tho name of tho dootor seemed to awaken la hor a strango chain of thought. "Ah, Dr. Izard 1 Ho was standing beside my father whon ho closod my mother's eyes. Why did he not oome with me tills morning to see mo open tho houBe? I boggod htm to ido so, but hodcolined quito peremptorily." "Dr. Izard does not liko me," remarked Clarke, eontontiously. "Does not liko you? Why?" queried Polly, Innocently, pausing on tho threshold they were orossing. - ' " I do not know ; hi has always avoided-mo— more than ho has otho'r people, I moan — and once when I spoko to him the strangest exprss- eion crossed his faoe." "I don't understand. Ho has always' boon., ery kind to me. Ar« you euro that you like . himV - : M.I un indifferent to him — that is, I admire him ; and .everyone munt who has eyes and an understanding. Hut I hayo no feeling toward# htm. he doeB not seem to kavo any placo in my life." -v.' He has in mino," fllio roluotantly admitted. "I often go to him for advice." -."tVaa it by hU advice?" whispered Glarkc, bending till his mouth touohed her ear,- - "that you gave me yonr heart ?" . The little hand that lay on his arm,, drew it- elf ilowly out and foil quite softly and signifi cantly on her hoaving breast. v ' No," said nhe, "I havo another -adviser herV fully as powerful as ho oan ever be." Tho goiture, tlio acoant were so oharming that he was provoked at the peering curiosity of the persons accompanying them. He.would like to have kissed those rotty lipsJor the aweotest thing they bad ever said. v.» Had the midnight viaitor of a f«w weeks back known what a oareleu orowd would soon in vade these hidden preoinots, he might n'ot« havo ibeen o wary in . bis movements. ti' Vhon- Folly. reached her fathers doak, she found one or two neighbors there befere her. ; 'n: ...M Oh, look at this ourious old inkstand 17 exf claimed one. iv i?-: j. x v.-.'.rtlc "And at this/piio of - notebooks -standing just where Ephraim Earle must have laid; them " And atibia pen with the ink dried on it." 41 And at this rididuloiis ilittlo ohina shepherd ess pursing up her lips as if «hs knew the whole mystery, but would not tell," . >Polly, iwhoss ears had been moro or lesseloicd by> tbe;;episode. with Olorkc . just above men tiootd, -teemed scarcely to hear their words ; she stood'hy- her father's work table, with her hatid onv her' father's ohairi in a dream of love that moistened her downcast , oyei - and awakened strange tremulous movements in the corners, of. her-aensitive lip.v But soon, .the tokens. of past ambition and of interrupted labor whioh were _ apparent everywhere, began -to influence ber spirits, and her aspect showed a depression which was nothing less than startling to Clarke. Even :the neighbors observed it and moved, ohat terihg away, so that in a few minutes Polly and. Clarke wore left standing alone in this the former scene of her father's toil and triumphs. "What is it,. -my.- darling?". -lie'- noW'asked.T seeing her turn with a species of recoil from the very objects', ho supposed. - would interest her moat. 4<I do notfimow," she answered. M I do not liko this rooraJ'T-Up'npt Tiko'.the 'effect It has me." Had tbo gliding visitant whoBB shadow had' last fallen on theso walls left some baleful in fluenoe behind him, or was the oause of her dis trust of deeper origin, and suoh as she hardly dared admit to herself ? 41 Tho air is oloso here," remarked Clarke, 4,cnd tho proienae of all this duft U enough to stifle anyone. Let us go down into the garden and get a breath of fresh air." She pointed to the open windows. 44 Flow can it be dote with all this light ponr ing in? No, no, it. is not that; I am simply frightened. I -do not understand why, -for I have never been afraid beforo-of anything. Did you ever stop to think," the suddenly inquired, 44 what I should do or how I should feel if-t/ my father come-back 44 No," be replied, startled. 44 No one sup poses him to be alive... : Why should you have suoh morbid thoughts?" "I do not' know«" She laughed and en- deavorod to throw off the shadow that had fallen upon her. 41 You must think, me very super stitious, but ;I;:w6ukVnot walk down that dark passage at the end of the hall for anything; not even with you; I should expect to oneoiinter a tall, military looking figure, with ,\ face pleasing enough at first sight, hut which would not bear dose sorutioy.. A face like the painted one below," sho added; with an involuntary shud- der. "But that la riot o bad face; it is only a keen one and daring I like it very muob. 1 remem ber my mother baa always said you inherited your beauty frPm your father." But this seemed- to. irritate her imleBoribably. 44 No, no," she oried shaking her head and L x almost stamping her little foot, 44 1 don't believe it and won't have it !" Then, an if startled by her own vehemence, she blushed and dragged him away towards the door, . 44 He may have been handsome, but I have not eyes like his, I am sure. If I could only see Low my mother looked." , In the hall below they paused. There were many suggestions to make concerning the con templated alterations to?bc made in the house, but she did not seem to tako muoh interoxt in them. Evidently the eifeot of her visit upstairs had not entirely left her,- for just as they, woro turning towards the door she gave an involun tary look bohind ber, and, laughing to show her sense of the foolishness : of hor. own woide, she cried : 44 So we did-not meet my father's ghost after all. Well now, I may be sure that his interest is in other scenes, and that ho will never come hack bore," As she spoke, a shadow arossed the open door- way. . ' % ... ' 44 Do not be too sure of anything !" exclaimed a voicVand 'a strange but by' no means attraa-. tive looking man; stepped. oalnily.into.the housed arid'p&used;,:.witb h'er;\' \ :0«aw1 XI, , Polly uttered a sharp cry and stared' at. .the lotruder blapkly. He waB-.tall, and. military looking,' nod bad. a Hmootb .well shaven .. face.. But his clothes were iu' rags, and his features, worn, by, illristw and. coarsened by dissipation, We're of a type to oausea young girl, like,' her to reooil.. MWho is this maii?". she pried at .last, 44and what is he'doirig here?" MIfc ia the new hsrmit I .The man -who.'has taken up with HndUy'a old quarters," explained orio of, the neighbors from the group about Polly. "I saw'him yesterday In the grave yard." 44 Yes, and there is his dog, Pipes. Ho follows . every old tramp who conies into town; Don't yo'a remember how he tagged at the heels of that, old beggar j with the long beard, who went through here a month ago V %t This fellow looks as if lie were strongonough to/work," whispered one of the. women.. 44I shan4t give any of iny stale victuals to a man with an arm strong enough to fell an ox," '/ mhrmured another. Here Clarke, who had only waited for an opportitnily to speak, now advanced to the man standing in the door way. , As he did; so .he noticed that the wayfarer's attention was not fixed on the persons bofore him, but upon the walls and paAages of the house tbey were in. 11 Have yon come here begging?" ho inquired. 44 If. so you have made a mistake ; this is a dis used house which we have been opening for. the first time in 15 years." t44 I know its every room and its every corner," answored the haggard looking tramp, impei turb- ably. 4T could tell you what lios under the stairs In the collar; and couldpoint out toyou the hooks wbioh have been staoked away in the garret. Thatis, if do other hand has disturbed thorn ainoe I placod them there 15 years ago." . A) ory ot astonishment, of despair almost, answered these words. It came from tho blanch ing lip? of Polly. Clarke trembled as he heard it, but otherwise gave no sign of concern. On tiioi contrary ho eyed tho iutruder authorita tively.:!.: i 14 Tell me your name!" he demanded. 44 Are you———" :. " I will not say who I am, not bore, with this sunlight streaming on my buok and no friendly oyo to recogniee my features. I will only speak from under tho portrait of Ephraim Earle. I want a witnoas to the truth of my statements, and in that oanvas I look for it." And noither heeding Clarke's detaining hand, nor the almost frantio appeal which spoke in the eyes of the young girl whose question he had at last answered, he stalked into the parlor and passed directly beneath the portrait he had named. , » " Odnnot you seo. who I am.J" he asked, rearing bin tall head beside the keen faced visage that looked down from the wall. uv i# 44 The same man grown. colder,":. exolaimed on?.1-; . V 1 '4<:E|)hraim Earle:bimself,eohqed another " '"Gomb baclc from the dead !" ':f " . - : r- '""The moment. thsLonH'o wairopsnetf I" 41 44 Arc you EpKraim'Earle ? demanded Clarke, trembiifig for Polly, in' whose breast-'a real and unmistakablia terror- was rapldjy 'taking the place'of an imagtriary"one.:' - : 1 \ 44 Since I must say so, iyes'I " was thevfifm reply. 44 Where is my daughter?' She should be. on hand here to greet me." ; ' 44 1' havo no "words of vwsloeme, 'I- never thought of my father being tike this;- Take me away, Clarke, take me away ! " ;;- So spoke'fchc terrified little one, clinging, to one of lier bcBt known neighbors for support.-1 j - ; 44 1 will take you away," Clarke assured hor. 44 There is no good ! of y.our;(greetirig this(man till he has proven 'his oliiim «oh2 ydu.' /A'gltl'B heart cannot be expected to'embrabe such a'faot in a moment" i 44 O, it's Ephfaltn Earlo fast enough;" in sisted one old woman. 44 1 remember him. well. Don't you remember me(< old neighbor?" : 44 Don't I ? " was the half hearty, half jeering answer. 44 And I wish I had a pair of your green and white worsted ocks now." 44 It's he, it's ho," vociferated . the delighted woman. " 44 When he wab a young man I sold him many a pair of my knitting. To be sufo I use blue now instead of grsen, but thoy were all green in his day, bless him ! blcBa hiin ! " ; At this prayer was not repeated by her com panions in the room, upon whom his reoklcss,' if sot sinister,' appearance had mado anything but a happy impression, be came slowly from under the picture and stood for a moment before the dazed and shrinking' Folly. 44 You are uot glad to see me," he remarked, 44 and perhaps I do not wonder. I havo lived a hard life since I left you a crying ohild in your mother's room upstairs ; but I am your father for all that, and you owomo respeot if not obedience. Look up, Maida, and let me see into what kind of a woman you have grown." At thin name, which had been a pot one with her parents and with them alons, the neighbors stared and Polly shrank, feeling the iron of oertainty pierce deep into her soul. She met his eyos, however, with courage, ami answered his demand by a very natural fcproaoh. 44 If you ore my father, ami alas ! I see no reason to doubt it, I should think you would feel some shame in alluding to a growth whioh you have dono nothing to advanoe." 44 1 know," he admitted, 44 that you have something with whioh to reproaoh me. Bui tho secret of thoss days is not for ears like yours. I left you, but—never ask me why, Maida ? And now, go out into the pun. I should not like to havo my first act toyou a cruel one." Dazed, almost fainting, doubting whether she was the victim of sqmo horrible nightmare or merely plunged into a strait so cruel that any she had hitherto " Anticipated sank into in significance before it, she let horself bo led away to where the sun ehoue down oa tho lilac of the overgrown garden. But no sooner did she realise that the man of her dread had been left in tho house with her neighbors than she urged Clarke to return at once to where be was. ' 44 Let him be watched; "she oried; 44 follow him as ho gocB about tho house. It is his; I feel that it is, but do .not let us succumb to his de mands without a struggle. He has such a wicked face, and his tones are so harsh and un futberly." . Clarke, who had come to a similar oonolusion, though"' by other means than herself, hastened to obey her. He found the self styled Earlo in the midit, of the group of neighbors, chattering freely and answering questions with more or less free and easy banter. Though privation spoke in every outline of his _faee and form, and poverty in overy rag of his droa, he betrayed those evidences of rcfinomeut whioh naturally belongs to a gentleman, nnd no ono, not even Clarke himself, doubted that if he were put to the test he would show himnolf to be at least tho wreok of the ouoc brilliant scholar and man of resource. He was drawing the whole crowd after him through the hou»o and was hazarding guesses right and left to prove the excellence of his memory. 44 Let us see," he cried, as they one and all paused at the top of the'itaironso, before enter ing tho rooms on the upper floor. "I used to keep my books here— suoh ones as I had not dis« carded and stacked away in the topmo.it story. And I used to pride mysolf on knowing where every volume wos kept. Consult the shelves for me now; and sea if on tho third ono from the bottom and nearer to the left tlmn to the right there is,not a volume of Baoon's Ensays. Thero is ! Good 1 I knew it would be there if some one had not moved it And tlio 10 volumes of ShakspeAre, are they not on the lower shelf somewhere near the middle? I thought so. A eapital old edition it la, too; printed by T. Bensley for Wynno nnd Soholey, Paternoster- row, And Gibbon's Rise and Fall , with a volume of Euripides for a companion? Yes? And on the topmost 'shelf of all, far out of the roaoh of any haiid but mine, a choice" edition of Hawthorne— my favorite author and sometime friend. Do you soe them all ?. I am glad of that ; Idovcd my books, and often when vsry far away from them used to recall the hour, when I .had them under my eye and within reach of my hand." ; ' "I wonder if he used to reoall the child ho left, tossed, helpless upon the- meroics of the town?" murmured ono nf tho. neighbors. , "Is my desk here and has it' ever been touohed?" be now risked, prooeoding hastily into tho workrooip- ' H Ah, it ail looks very natural," be remarked; 44 veiy natural! I can scarcely .belley# that I have boen gone more than a day. 0 ! there's the nmdel of the torpedo I was planning.! Lot me,. see," nnd he lifted up the half oompleted model, with what Clarke oould not but call q very natural emotion, looklrig it over part by part and Anally, putting it -down with a sigh. 44 Good for those dAys!'1 he com mented ; "but 'would not answer now. Too complicated by far ; explosives should be more .simple in their construction. " And so on for half an hour ; then he descended nnd walked away of his own acbbrd to tho front door. 44 1 havo seen it all," ho blandly observed, 4<and that is all I expected. If my daughter sees fit to acknowledge ino sho will seek me in tbo wild spot in whioh I have made for mysolf a homo. Here I shall not come again. I have not returned to the plaoe of my birth to be a bugbear to my only child." 44 But," oried someone in protest, "you aro poor and you are hungry." 41 1 am what fate and my owu folly havo mnde me," ho declared. 44 1 ask for no sympathy, nor do I feel diepoiod to urgo my natural rights." 44 If you aro Polly Carle's father, you will.be fed and you will bo clothed," put in Clarke, hotly, 44 There is a meal for you now at tho tavern, if you will go there and take it." But the proud man, pointing to his dog, drew himself up and turned scornfully away. 44 Ho can proouro me as muob as that," said lie. 44 When my daughter has affeotion and a child's consideration to dhow me, than let hor oome to Hadley'ti cave. Food ! Clothing ! I have had an apology for both for 14 years, but love- never; and all I want just now is fore." Polly, who was not many steps off, heard thew words,- and movod by foar or disgust, dropped her hands, which she had instinctively raised at his approaoin He saw and smiled grimly ; then with aLow that, belied his aspect and recalled the old days when a bow. passed for something more than a perfunctory greeting, . he moved stornly down the walk and out. through the stiff old gate into the .dusty high roads : A half-dozen or more of the most eager wit neases of this extraordinary aeono followed hiro downtbehill and into the- town, .anxious, no doubt, V to . set the itown ablaze with news of Ephraim- Carle's return and of his identity with tho newly arrived hermit at Hadley's oavo. '1 ; ; ! (TO BB. CONTINUED.).: 1 1 