* SPORTING By ' Mascotte.' A wagor which has oxeited somo interest in football circles, bctweou a sporting grocer and a sporting printer, will bo decided to. morrow. Tho contcst is in tho shape of a long distance kick. Tho member of tho fourth estate has picked his team from tho Hay Club, consisting of Messrs CRmiirnn. Cairns, H. Bell, and J. Pollard, whilo tho grocer is relying on Messrs B. Cadow, A. Boll, CriRhton, and. W, Calloway, from tho Half-Holiday Club, to pull him through. My esteemed brother scribe, ' Augur's Ghost,' of tho Narandera Argus, must.hayo been suffering from mental derangement or a powerful overdoso of Narandera' overproof ? whiskey when he mado tlie , statement that the Hay footballers were going to meet Narandera at that town on July 3rd* Such ? ? ' a match has never been mooted by our boys, and they oxpressed great surprise when they saw it in cold print. It is lucky for ' Tho (bhost' that ho lives so far away, or olso several of our oblong punters would havo been on their journoy per ' boot ' long cro this to V tear him to pieces.' Tho ? fourth contest for tho football premiership will be played on the park oval to-morrow afternoon. Tile Hay club have been recruiting their strength, and will placo m the field a vory formidable* combination. They will make a snpromo effort to turn the tables on tho Half-Ifoliday Association, so a realty good game should eventuato. Thefollowing are tho teams:— Half-Holiday : J . Caddow, B. Caddow, R. Hows, A. Boll. P. Hcgarty, J. Crichton, W.. Callaway, G. Donohoo, O. Hollaird, M. Armitago, B. Scott. J. Manifold, H. Lethbridge, G. McDonald, J. Emerson J emergencies : T. Muir, W. Ottoy, A. Aberline. Hay team : J. Pollard, W. Cairns, E. Bell, H. Boll, T. Cameron, G. Kirk, J. 1'itzmaurice, J. Dillon, J. Hing, D. Murray, J. Frazcr, A. M'L,ean, G. Ayre, — Staughton, J. Taylor, — Carruthcrs, 31\. Reed ; emergencies : G. Reod, Paynter, Haines, aud Maitland. At a meeting of tho Hay Football As sociation on Monday night Mr. G. Huines was elected a delegate, vicc Mr. P. Shackoll, resigned. Oxide has been ' scratched for tho Mol bourne Cup. Larnook and Nooroo have been scratched for the G.N. Steeplechase. At Melbourne, on Saturday, tho Mel bourne football club wiped out Carlton by 8 goals to 1, and their unbeaten rivals, Geo long, polished off Williamstown by 0 goals to 4. Essendon, some of whose best players have followed the champion Thurgood to the golden west, went down beforo their old time adversary, South Melbourne, who kicked D goals to Essendon's seven. Fitz roy defeated North Melbourne, Port Mel- : ' bourne beat St. Kilda, and Footscray de« feated Collingwood. The old steeplechaser, Frantic, who was bought at Wagga a fow months ago by J. K. Brewer, broke a blood vessel in the Wil liamstown Steeplechase on Saturday, and subsequently bled to death. The following crews have been chosen to row in races for Trial Fours of the Hay Rowing Club on 17th July:— (1). Acocks (stroke), Longfield, Addicoat, and Young. (2). Camper (stroke), Ayre, Ashcroft, and McDonald. (3.) Emerson (stroke), Swal well, Williams, and Maitland. (4.) Haines (stroke), Taylor, Harris, and Nash. (5.) Mceson (stroke), Wilt, Monypeny, and Hamilton. Chris Moore, whose jockey's license waa withdrawn some months ago by the V.R.C., has asked the club's permission to ride work. - Barshot is now an inmate - of Larry Holmes' stable. Magic has gone to Dcnili quin. The atteution of sportsmen is directed to the programme of the Deniliqnin Jockey Club published last issue. For the Caul field Cup I like tho following dozen : Tullamorc, Vauitas, Hopscotch, Bruin, Royal Master, Taranaki, Ascot Vale, Eiridsfordc, Ruerialf, Atlas, Dream land. The Hcroino, and Tho Buccaneor. For the Melbourne Cup, those that ploaso ine most are lfuenalf, Portsea, Atlas, Cai-nago, Patron, Bruin, Dreamland, Har vester, Taranaki, Jowellcr, Hopscotch, Wttl lsieo, and Cartridgo. J.O.I, had the Williamstown Steeplechase won on Saturday only for falling at the last obstacle. The Swivcller . horse showed lots of pace. When next this singularly named chaser appears in public it will not be sur ? prisiug if his backers will liavo cause to change the terminal letter in his name from ' i ' to ' y.' The chess championship' match at Mel bourne now -stands— Wallace 5' games, Baling 2 games, drawn 3 games. ? ~ : Chestorinan fell in tho raco for the Wil liamstown Hurdles. : ' After a season at the stud Victor Hugo is to be given another trial on tho track, and has returned to Randwick. , 