An Extraordinary Occurrence. For son:'1 few wooks post conBiderablo ox- cifomout has provailod amongat tho resi dents of Six Mile Flat, Warrin, Bombay, and Colombo bv a series of extraordinary Sf L-innrroiicos, tlio origin of whioh is still as dwp nvalimponolrahlo as ovor.nowithstand- . .ing tho moel. coi-eiul and rigid inquiry, nl- tiiough thero nro peoplo who rol'uso to ho- liovo anything else than tliut they are tho result of 'supernatural ngoncy. It appoars ; til nt o miner named Cunningham and a ' xaato lived ia c.' 1m belonging to Mr. T. i Mcffralh, of Colombo, which ia situated L, oloso to tho Shoalhavcu Rivor. Thoy had l' Occupioi tho placo for somo time, whon all £ of a sudden ono night tho building was P bombarded with clods from nn ant-bod which had boon pioked up by Cunningham, and which is situated nhout one hundred yards from tho hut. Tho piocos of hard mud ponotratod tho cracks hotwoon tho Blahs, although how somo of thorn could got through it puzzled thorn, since thoy woro larger thon tho opening. Thoy naturally looked about to find tho author of tho throwing but without succoss. AVhon thoy Wont -qutokloi: .thoy. avor— nnd thoir testi mony haB boon corroborated by a number of othor witnesses — tho clods hit the insido of the building. On tho following night a repetition of tho business occurred, nnd tho men bocsmo somwhat alarmed. Thoy told somo others of it, at tho oamo time oxpros- ' sing thoir belief that the throwing was tho work 'of a ghost. Thoso porsons visitod tho scone and found tho foots exaotly as stated by Cunningham and his mato. Tho story spread, and others, viewing tho matters as a joke, likewise visited tho place with tho assuranoo' that thoy at least would discover tho origin of thoso poculinr oecurroncos. They left in the same happy condition of mystifioation as thoso who had ' preceded them, although they wont with guns which they fired in tho direction from whioh the throwing proceeded. And here' we may remark that tho olodB thrown strike the hut in almost oxaotly tho samo placo ovory time between two Blabs noer tho window. On sovoral occasions no loss tban eighteen porsons havo been on tho look-out at tho samo timo, forming a sort of somi-circlo round tho ride of tho hut whoro tho throw ing occurs. They Seed thoir guns, loaded with shot, into tho bushos of thotroos sur rounding tho place with such good offcct thntrthoro- is not a tree or log within a coupld.nf hundred yards of tho hut that is not riddled with shot. To mako sure that the>qk)ds oamo frnm 'tlw anl-bc<l, a num ber of Ihom w«ru imiil-.wl with charcoal, ai.d theso havo bean ini.roque.itly foud in- i.it!. !!k, hut p-.rfjotly nnbrokon.- Although :.i spot, ia pi-i.ily within viow of tho wr'-vhers und anyone visiting .jt.. could a'irily bu detected, and to make assurance ,7., n.-at-.-hors -havo actually seeiTa i-ottan thread on small stakos right -. A tho bud. but Ibis lino was not broken » -.<:!»»:, showiag thut.tlioro is no posri- , ., ...i" Kiiiiaking up to tlio bod, IA',,-.- . uigtlio rinds u.-id running awny. Al- regMiurr vi-.o y r hi- filings nro most myotoii- o-js and i-iv:.i i i icoent stono-throwing .'sikc m-.vc S , . '.-.'Kicli created such ox- ciiemont somo time ago that tho metropoli tan papers evon dovotod considerable spaco to tho oxtraordinory proceedings onacted there. Tho moBt poculinr thing about tho matter is that tho clod-throwing Btartod simultaneous with tho disturbing of tho ant bod l>y Cunningham, and what is still moro peouliar tho presenco of this mail in tho liut is absolutely nocossary to produce, tho "manifestations." Without him thoro is no olod-throwiog. Many sensible, levol-headad mon havo visited tho placo, and although loth to boliovo that tho throwing is done by nny supornntural agency, thoy are absolute ly unable to aocount for the proceedings. Tho throwing usually commonoes about half-past ton o'olook at night and continues sometimes till day-light, although as a rulo it only lasts for two or throo hours. It is the intention of anothor party to visit tho place again, whon nn opportunity will pro- sent itself for anyono who has a theory to nooount.for tho extraordinary proceedings to eolve-tho mystery at present surround- ing thom'.'- -Braidwood Dispatch. There are many historio relics in nnd ahqut the Pnlaoeof Westminster.. Tho tahle of the Houso of Goramons from whioh' Pitt and Fox spoke iskept in the members' tea-room. At the members' entrance the floor is form ed of some of the tiles whioh survived the great fire whioh destroyed tho former Chamber of the House of Commons, while the members' cloak room is as old as the thirteenth cen- tury. The newly arranged members' smoking-room haB two oliairs which will awaken many memories and as sociations. An arm-ohair whioh wns Sir. Gladstone's prinoipnl seat when at Downing Street, ana another arm chair whioh belonged to Mr. Glad- stouo havo been magnificently uphol- itered and placed at either side of tho ire-plnco in this room, The ohairs iro very large, and since tho House ms mot have rarely been for a mo- nent vacant. According to tho 'Daily Tele- ph.' the frost has acted upon the ujijiiv tu" iluiu.x!.-' - --nis ns well ujiiiii tlio houselrotiWV water sup- ily. A (inly, asking i >r a young orvant nt a rt-gi- st'y '-ifiee, ivns told hut any :>'imlii-r - i hem wore upon ire book.i of the e'i o, liut they had I U U"': .- !b" pr.ii.- ii . skute, and j la' -- :(ir.lii!n<\- till (lie frost 