NEMESIS. ' CHAPTER I. Five o'clock on a May morning in London of last century. Down tho brightening Btroot-r-whibli hod oeasod to ooho to tho ramble of roturning ooaohos from rout aud rovol— soundod tho cry of tho early milk- : maid; as ulio wont olattoring along in those c black-lonthor -shoos which had just boon adopted by fino ladies, ami tho carts of tho country-folk adon with floworo and vogot- ablos to bo disposed of tho numberless hawkore who usod to cnliYou tho stroots of . old London. In tho long doublo row of shuttorod and blinded housos thoro was ouly ouo from tho windows of which still caino tho light of c&ndlos;, sickly in tho morning glow ; and 'out of its doors issued from timo to time 'straggling and probably moro than half- ' inobriatod gallants with dishovolled pigtails nndsoilod ruffles— retiring chrysalisos, to bo rovivod into butterflies by the noonday cup of chocolnto. As tho flames of tho tallow candlos lopt their last and oxpirod, shamed by tho glo- ries of tho nowly-nson sun, tho door of tho houso oponod onco moro, and, bowed out by an obsequious though bloar-oyed attendant, thero camo forth two blados 1 somowhat less intoxicated than thoir prodcccssors — though porhaps in thoir caso it was only becauso doop play had intorforod with doop drinking— in full talk, thoir arms thrown round onch others neck's. Both woro hand-, somo young gallants enough, but the darkor of tho two far surpassed his companion in point of beauty. Passers-by, looking, as thoy could not fail to do, at his dark glowing fuco, at hiB largo sparkling brown eyes, which contrasted so woll with his powdered hair, at his faultless and handsomely-attired person, whispered to ono anotlior, ' It's wild George Tollomaoho, tho prottiost follow about town. Before thoy had gono half-way down tho stroot his companion yawnod prodigioiioly, and drow.hiB wino-stainod ruffles aoross his eyes. ' "What !' criod Goorgo, shaking him. 'Art tired already ? It's loss labour thon to lose than to win ? Go to bod if thou wilt. For my part, I muBt sorow a fqw gold piooes out;. 'of my niggard grandfathor's pockot boforo eight o'clock this morning. But thoro goos a potticoat — what Bay you Geof frey, to boguiling tho timo with somothing more exoiting than a stroll ?' Thon raising his voice, 'Hi, thoro, pretty ono! Whoro art thou off too so oarly ?' Tho person thus addrossod was a lady completely raufflod in hood and mantlo, who quickoned hor paco on hoaring harsolf collod, yet did so apparently without any dogroo of flurry or fright. 'Hark away!' shouted Goorgo, 'Give ehaso !' ' His companion yawnod again, and mado an attempt to break into a trot, but, mumbling thut tho objcot of tho chase was in all probability as dull of faoo as sho was nimblo of foot, droppod down a sido-stroot and disappeared. On wont Tollomaoho; hut, partly hooauso a night of dissipation hod not givon extra agility to his limbs, and partly bocauso tho muffled damo occasionally made as though sho would stop; aud half turned round as if to encoumgo him, ho did not attempt any groat spood, fooling sure that ho would coino up with hor in good timo. A. fow mora Btreots brought pursued and pursuer to tho gavdon of a square of which tho goto stood opon. Through this goto -i wont tho quarry, and vanishod down a so- . , eluded alloy. After hor wont Tollomaoho, laughing to himsolf at tho spoody tormina- . tion of tho ohaso, which inolinod him to bo- , lievo that his curiosity to soo hor faco had . boon Bomowhat misplocod. Howovor, this in no way hindered tho flow of Bpeoch and oomplimont with which ho assailed tho fair occupant of tho alloy as ho camo upon hor sauntering slowly down tho path. At last, coy Daphno, your Apollo has outrun you ! . Do not transform yourself into a laurel hoforo I havo soon your faco. Softly thon, faitpno, away with this oruol muffler P. . \ : . . Inwardly marvelling at tho want of evon a playful rosistoricd, -Goorgo gently drew ; asido. tho mufflor from tlio. faco of tho un- 'known, to loop book half a dozen yards , with.n loud exolamation. . . . 'Alas, sweet youth,' cried tho unvoilod ono, heaving a profound sigh, and dropping him a deep and mocking oourteoy, 'poor , ,A.pollo'Bcarod oxpoctod to'find no Daphno, Y-but' Diana's self tripping abroad in this strange fashion !'! ' ; < ' "What tho duco brings : you horo, Mar gery ?' asked tho irritated swain, grinding ho gravel under his red.hoolod shoo in bis vexation. f ' ' What tho douce brought you there, Sig- n'or Goorgo F.' rejoined the nymph calmly, with a'ourl bnhor fino lips.-' ' Koop to thy ahuttlo and stow-pan, child,' laughod he, recovering his good humour, ' and leavo us Bparks of quality to manago our own littlo affairs. Battr, baeta, sister Margery, lot's baok to breakfast.' Tho girl tossed hor hoad with a kind of proud impationoo. ' Como, . Goorgo,' sho said reproachfully, taking his arm, and half forcing, half coax ing him down the alloy,' ' will you givo mo no oxouso P You know you promised mo ' And if I promised 'twas but to please my pretty Pog, ' ho answered with a mixture of mockorv and tendornoss in hisvoico. 'A gontloman muBt play; what should you and that mouey-grubbing old cit know about a gontloman's duties in theso gay days P' 1 Is keeping one's word so much a matter of fashion p' cried Margory with a burst of scorn. ' If so, thon givo mo our honest burgossos, and nono of your fino gontlo- mon 1' nrava, uruvu i . iwu. jww.au.. your fortuno into tho arms of that glum countor-jumpor Troplin,' retorted Goorgo, with a snoer. ' Troplin ?' sho oxclaimod, playfully sha king his arm. ' Oh, brother, thon you would havo your rovongol' \- 'Troplin !' ho ochood, laughing at his own suggestion, as ho looked down at tho brilliant beauty of her faco and inwardly contrasted it with the severe and massive features of tho proposed bridegroom. Thon camo an interval of silonco, during which Tollomacho was turning over in his mind how ho could host approach tho dan- gorous subject. ' Margory, you are vastly rich,' ho said at last with a groan. ' Lucky, wonch!' 'Grandfather used to givo you as much is ho gives mo,' rejoined tho girl, sadly, ' until ho saw 'twas moro pouring water in to a ooivo.' ' Door sister,' sighod ho, ' you woro ovor a generous creature, and I1 vo nothing in tho world at this minute hut my olothos and my dobts.' ' Goorgo,' eho oxclaimod, with a Btart of surprise, 1 'tis scarce a weok Binco you camo to mo for money and recoived it. You pro mised hot to play thon ; and I would not boliovo thorn when they said you had dono so. I said I would go and boo for mysolf — and I have soon.' She sat down on a honoh noar, and buried hor faco in hor hands. ' Margory,' ho said, his. handsome faco growing dark and resolute, ' let us havo no womanish nonBcnso. Unless you want mo to fly tho country, or turn highwayman, or shoot myself, you must lot mo havomonoy. Thoro is no reason why you should not savo mo this time as you havo dono often enough hoforo.' ' I at loast koop my promise,' sho criod, starting up ; ' and I gavo my word to my grandfather that I would novor again givo you that which in faot is his money, not mino. If yon choso, Goorgo, you could savo yourself yet ; it is not too late to re- torm.' Itoform !' ho snoorod, white with rngo. ' I am a Tollemacho, Margory, and no gontloman of Tollomacho blood was over known to tako to monoy-grubbing, which you call reform.! ' It js your only chanco, Goorgo,' sho said steadily. 'Hoartloss girl!' — soizing hor by tho wrists as ho spoko. ' Is it not onougli that you havo usurped my position as old Law- ronco's hoir that you should now wish to ruin mo entirely. \| ' Ruin - you, Qeorgo ? You know too well that such a wish is far from my thoughts. It is you who are doing your best to ruih yoursolf. Romombor, I havo passed my word, and indood I cannot help you.' As sho uttered thoso words, looking up in his faoo half imploring, half reproach ful, thoro camo a sound of steps in tho alloy. Goorgo started as if ho would rush awny. Thon, roturning, ho soizod his sis- tor again by tho arm, and said in a passion ate-voice — ' Do you then rofuso to help mo !" Thoro was a pause. ' I do.' ' Then,' ho oried flinging hor from him, ' whatovor I may do in tho future, though tho disgrooo may ho mino, tho sin will bo yours.' Ho strode down tho alloy, and as tho last ooho of his footsteps died away, tho girl throw horsolf again on the seat and hurst into toare. In an hour from that timo Margory Tol lomacho was unlocking tho door that lod from tho stroot to hor grandfathor's gar- don. Somobody, a yonng man, riohly but sohorly nttired, and of grave and haughty aspoot — was already thoro, slowly pacing tho trollised walks. Hearing tho grating of tho key in the door ho lookod up. His gray oyeB brightened as ho Baw hor ap proach—and indood a pleasant sight it would have boon to any ono. , ' She had thrown baok hor hood, and tho fresh morning air had blown away all traoes of tears upon her chooks and in her oyos,' those brown oyos into, tho soft and brilliant depths of which so, many different shados of fooling camo. There was somo thing of prido in tho oxprossion of hor dolicntely-nquilino features, iu tho curve of hor perfoot lips, in tho carringo of hor small and faultlesaly-shapod head ; and it was evident that Troplin thought so, for ho ad vanced towards hor, his cocked hat in his band, apologising for his prcBonco in the gordon at such an oarly hour. 'I romombor,' bo said,1-' thatyou admired that now flowor in my mother's glass- houso and knowing that you wore always stirring oarly, I thought that this would bo tho most seasonable hour at which to makomy littlo offering. But sure I novor dreamed that you oxtondod your walks boyond tho wall before pooplo of qualify ore usually abroad.' ' And sure I novor thought that you droamod of my procooding at all, replied sho, tossing hor hood with an impatient posture poculiar to her. ' But I am vastly obligod for the seeds, Mr. Troplin, and mako good uso of them. Do not lot mo dotain you know, -Mr. Troplin, as I know you go botimos to your affairs.' ' Am I thon ouch on unwolcome visitor, Miss Tollomacho F' said Troplin, with a gesture that was ovory whit as proud as her own. '. Not unwolcomo, Mr. Troplin,' sho an swered, coldly, ' but mornings are busy times for all.' ' I will toko care to soloot Bome moro oonvoniont hour for my noxt visit, so for tho present adieu, Miss Tollomacho,' and ho was gono. Through all tho prosy dotails of the day, tho rioh beauty of Margery's faco, whioh had haunted Treplin's fancy for years, pur sued him ovon moro unrelentingly thnn usual. "With that almost torriblo inflexi- bilitx of purpose which was his chiof char acteristic, ho had sot himsolf to toko pos session of tho reward of his long lovo and constancy ; hut with tho somo strength of will ho refused to allow his thoughts to dwell upon hor imago until tho business of tho day was ovor. It was only ns ho was preparing himBolf for tho evening that ho allowed his long- prisoned thoughts to fly before him to tho house whithor ho would soon follow thorn ; and indeed so abstracted hud ho boon ovor his toilet that old Madam Troplin broko forth into a laugh ns ho stopped forward to load hor to tho dining purlour. ' La, Anthony,' sho oxolaimod, 'is it now tho modo for young bonux to wear tho ono stocking puco and t'othor muBk colour ? "What has como to thco, lad, who art gener ally ob neat as a now pin ?' Tho young man hlushod up to tho roots ol his hair. ' I nm growing too much a man of businoss to bo a ' Macaroni ', mothor,' ho said. But ho ohangod the guilty stocking nOVOlIUOll'BS, uuu UYvU U1UOUU wucmm « a small touch of powdor would not im prove his queue, already well gilded by nature. Leaning book in tho dark depths of his mothor's hugo coach, ns it ruinhlod through tho streets to old Mr. Lawrence's, Troplin indulged in dreams of what, with tho fuU force of his will, ho had rcsolvod to accom plish that night. Ho had amplo timo for meditation, as coaches woro not favornblo to conversation : and his mother length- ened tho drivo by cnlling at a jowollor's to call for a favourite diamond ring whioh sho found it impossiblo to do without any longer. Tho obsequious shopman, unprepared for such a Into visitor, was rummaging among his goods for tho articlo required. Outoido, Madam Troplin and hor son sat, waiting in silenco. Tho twilight was falling fast, nnd tho insido of tho conch was as black as night itself, oxcopt where tao ray of tho oil lamp 111 tho stroot fell ncross tho old lady's hands, and on tho hoavy purso in hor lap. Tho stroot was almost dosortod ; but a man on horsoback, muffled in a dark riding- cloak, with a hat drawn down of his oyos, was lingoring at tho ontranco of tho sido- allov. Mothor and son woro sitting, Madam Troplin, after hor fashion, a littlo forward on hor seat, and as upright as a dart, nnd Anthony loaning back, lost to Bight in tho recesses of tho coach. Thorojwas a suddon clatter of a horso's hoofs, o darkoning light atthowiniow,a stiflod Bhriok from tho old lady, a faco whioh for a moment crossed tho rays of tho lamp, and thon tho thun der of a horse's gallop down -tho dosortod street. ' My purso 1 My purso 1' screamod Madam Troplin. ' A highwayman ! Stop him 1' Tho outrago had boon so audacious, so astounding in its rapidity, that although Anthony was out of tho coach in aninBtant, the bold robber had timo to oscapo and was quite boyond tho roach of present cap- ture. Tho ohopmnn, who from tho interior of tho shop had caught a glimpso of tho trnnBaotion, hurried out and addod his crios to thoso of his lady- oustomor, and pro- sontly tho wholo stroot was in commotion. Troplin, usually so prompt, soomed for once to havo lost his docisivoncss of action and thought. 'Tho rascal is gono,' ho said, 'and oven your shriek, my good friond, will not roach him. In truth, I scarco know mysolf what to do in this matter,' ' Bring it boforo tho j usticos, sir— bring it boforo tho justices !' oxolaimod tho shop man. ' Hark thee hither, my friond,' replied Troplin, with a return of his usual dooision. ' Stop asido with mo for an instant.' . Tho oonteronae was a brief ono. Tho shopman finally,- with many winks and nods of intolligenoo, oponod tho coach-door again and Anthony— reseating himsolf, bado good night to tho jowoller, and procoodod to the task of consoling his mothor as tho coach rolled down tho.otroot, CHAPTER H. 1 .... ' In all tho gay rout that night at Mr. Lawrenoo's nono was gayer or moro brilliant than' Margery Tollemacho. In a satin Bnquo of pale primroso, flashing diamonds around hor polo throat and crowning hor dark and stately hood, Bho moved about hor grand father's room, surrounded by a butterfly crowd of fluttering boaux. Rocoiving, as sho did, with tho samo Bmiling iudifforonco the gonuino admiration of simplo youths and nrtful adulation of scheming 1 macar onis,' tho jealous oyos of Troplin could find no especial object on whom to vont his contempt until Into in tho evening, > when Sir Geoffrey Wildruko, a woll - known character in a curtain sot, was brought in tho room 'to havo a look at tho cits,' and to ronow a chanco acquaintancoship with tho boautiful Miss Tollomooho. In loss than half an hour tho nowcomer, who possessed oil tho oharmB of a courtly and polishod mannor, in which tho Troplins woro so dofioiont, and who had moroovor tho addi tional advantage, in tho oyes of tho girl, of considerable superiority in years, was soatod in a ourtoinod alcovo with Margory, ovidontly bent on captivating tho heiress. Unconsoious of his real character, sho was without doubt on joying tho sooioty of a man who could at least mako a show of possessing a soul ahovo business, and a mind capablo of ocoupying itsolf with moro intollcotual pursuits. Indeed so long did this interview lost that othor joalous oyos bosides thoso of Troplin woro on tho pair. Evon old Lawrence, though neither a young gallant nor joalous, said, 'with a chuckle, to tho gloomy Anthony, ' Mighty fino man, Sir Gooffroy; and mighty fino wonoh my granddaughter is, oh, Troplin P' and passed on, unconscious of tho dnggor ho had planted in tho young man's bosom. For tho rest of tho ovoniug Anthony oonsolod himsolf with talking to an old city domo of tho shameless mannor in whioh mon of tho worst oharactcr woro admitted and wolcomod into tho host social circles. . At last tho guosta woro gono. Evon Sir Gooffroy, lingoring to tho last, was fain to dopart, not without a lingoring pressure of Margory's hand. Down bolow ono or two boaux woro audibly praying Miss Tollo- raacho'B own woman to givo thorn and old shoo of hor fair mistross'Bin which to toast tho hollo of tho city. Tho guosta woro gono indeed, and many of tho tallow-candles had guttered down in thoir sockots ; hut still thoro woro voicos in tho balcony — low, passionate, soinotimos almost fiorce. 'Romombor, Margory,' Troplin was saying, in his strong, passionate tonos, ' romombor that your brother's life is in tho balanco.' r , ' Cruol, unmanly,' sho retorted, ' to uso such monns to forco my will.' ' Margory'— aftor a pauso, with a passion of kindnoss in tho voico and in tho faco usunlly so rosorved and gravo— ' it is noth ing thnt my lovo for you is truo and groat, and that my wholo life would bo spont in striving to mako yours happy? Is it nothing that, if you marry mo and mako tho host of me, and you will oscapo tho dosigns of wicked and morconary mon ? Is all this nothing F You likod mo onco, Margory — can you not liko mo n littlo again?' ' Liko F "What is liking for a life ?' ox olaimod tho girl, bitterly. ' And it is not liking you moan eithor — it is loving. And I novor shall lovo you, Mr. Troplin— and that you havo known always!' ' Hush, Margory!1 said Anthony, almost stonily, whilo an oxprossion as of bodily pain came into his oyes. ' Love liko mine must win its reward in timo. It is tho law of nature— you cannot alter it.' There was silenoofor aminuto. Thon Margory resumed, ooldly — ' But who can provo that you really did soo my brothor to-night, Mr. Troplin F' — though tho misgivings of hor own heart confirmod to storr too woll. 'Am I a dreamor ?' Baid Anthony, sharp ly. ' Besides, his hat slipped quito on ono side, sol saw his faco plainly ; othorwiso I should not havo rocognisod him. Moro ovor, my mothor, brought faco to faco with Goorgo would know him at onco. I hoard hor doscribing tho thiol at loast fifty times this ovoning — ovon to your grandfather hiinsolf, littlo guessing that this was hor first oncountor with your brothor, or that oho was spoakingof Boau Goorgo him- aa! f.' 'Oh, how could ho— how could ho F ' broko forth Mnrgory, wringing hor hands, and losing hor prido and coldnoss. ' It is my fault — all my fault.' At sight of hor gnof and despair Troplin almost rolontod; but ho had rosolvod to marry tho girl, and hnd novor yot boon turned asido from anything ho had mado up his mind to do. Tho firm boliof, too, that what he intondod would ho ovontually for hor good wasnotlikoly to wookonhis resolution, i Your fault, Margery P' ho Baid. ' I do not understand how it can bo you fault. If this matter of tho purso is brought to light because you rofuso to savo your brothor by doing what I cannot think you will after wards repent— so ' much at- least ns you would repent marrying one of those men whoso mods of life would not boor your inspection— thon you, rpight say it was your fault, not othorwiso.' Ho spoke in tho de cisive tono of ono who know nothing of the oiroumstanoes about whioh ho was laying down tho law. Thoro wns another panso. ' Thon what you .want mo to do Mr. Troplin,' said Margory slowly, ' is to savo mv brothor bv marrvini? van ? ' That is it,' replied Anthony. Thoro was a momentary struggle in his broast. Thon lovo conquered; and with a burst of passion which almost frightened hor, ho criod, soizing hor hand and covering it with kisses. — ' Oh, Margory, Margery, como to mo, and you shall not ropont it 1' Startled and half softoncd for tho instant, tho girl did not withdraw hor hand bo quiokly and haughtily as sho would havo done a minute boforo. ' Givo mo time thon,' sho said sadly, ' and I will think of it. To-morrow boforo nightfall you shall know.' Thoro was no doubt that ' Boau Goorgo Tollomaoho' was a vory fino young man. As ho lay oxtondod on his bod on tho morn ing after Mr. Lawrence's rout, in his gor geous flowered dressing-gown, a Bilk hand- kerchiof ot paloyollow around hishandsomo hoad, he lookod ovory inch tho pupil of Chesterfield. .HiB black boy had juBt de posited by his sido a oup of chocolate and a note, and George was lazily oxtonding his hand towards tho latter. ' A billet-doux, I snpposo,' ho thought, with a smile. But no billet- doux could havo caused him to start up with such an oath and paco tho room with such angry strides. In ton minutos howovor he growcalmer, sat down, ovon Bmilod, and procoodod to pon tho fol lowing opistlo, in his dolicato Italian hand — ' Doar Sister, tho consoquenoos of your unkindnoss havo, you oeo, as I warnod you, boon disastrous. But, sinco Troplin claims your hand to reward the sharpness of his oyes, suro, child, it will do you no harm. Ho is an honost follow— a diamond but un polished ; and, sinco you ask mo if thoro is any othor way out of thisscrapo, I toll you flatly there is not— at loast if you want to save mo — for tho man is rolontless as No- mosis's self. And, when you are wealthy, Madam Troplin, do not forgot your poor boggor of a brothor ' oeoroe.' Tho letter written, and despatched by his blaok hoy, Tollomaoho proceeded to tho mysteries of his olaborato toilot. At fivo o'clock on tho samo afternoon Trop lin was onco moro pacing Mr. Lawranco's gardon — this timo not quietly, but in a fovor of impationoo whioh ovon his strong will could not restrain. His fato dopondod now only on Margory horsolf. Old Mr. Lawranco, though ho gavo ono sigh to tho vanishing ghost of Sir Gooffroy Wildlako, oxprossod tho ploasuro that it would givo him to soo his granddaughter marriod to so worthy n man as Mr. Troplin ; and still groator wore his ploasuro and astonishment whon tho suitor requested that, if Miss Tollomacho accoptod him, tho wholo of hor fortuno should ho unconditionally sottlod on horsolf. Fivo had pealed from tho clock of St. Paul's; and, liko ono scarco alivo, andpalo as death itsolf, Margory camo slowly down tho stops loading from tho houso. Anthony did not rnovo to moot hor. Ho did not spoak, hut stood thoro wuiting for hor coming. Slowly sho approachod — slowly, roluo- tantly, with avortod hoad; and with a gesture of tho deepest despair sho laid hor hand in his. Miss Tollomaoho fulfilled all tho duties of a fiancee with exemplary fortitude. On Bparo evenings sho would accept old Madam Troplin's invitation to go and drink a dish of ton with hor, nnd writhoundor the oxul- ting attention of matronB, hard enough to bo bomoovon by a willing brido. Porhaps tho porson whoso happinoss was most unalloyed was Goorgo, who, taking advantage of tho faot that Anthony was soon to bo his'hrothor-in-law, dippod hio handfrooly, notjonco hut sovoral timos, into tho Troplin monoy-bng. Ab for Anthony, ho was in gonoral too considerate to aggravate Margory's suffer ings by porpotual adoration, and treated hor with tho greatest gontlonoss nnd rospoot; hut occasionally ho broko out, and thon almost frightened hor by tho voheraoiioo of hie lovo. "Whon ho did this Bho found it hard to boar ; but inconceivably lrnrdor was tho sentimental interest of tho mntrons of Mudam Troplin's acquaintance. Ofton of an ovoning, whon sho wns sitting under Madam Troplin's wing, with Anthony by hor sido, Mrs. "Willinms of tho Bank would pattor ovor in hor oloak and ologs, and putting hor hoad cautiously in at tho door, ory softly, ' aro tho young lovo-hirds horo P or 'May an old woman como in?' and, socing tho youthful sufferers, sho would withdraw hor head sharply, overcome with confusion, and mako a feint of putting on hor clogs again. Suoh interruptions as thoso woro perhaps good in thoir way, becauso thoy would forco Margory's oyos up to moot Anthony's in tho sympathy of woo. That unfortunate young man would bo sent to fetch tho coy matron book on his arm, who would simporinglyhopo ,'that Misi Tollomaoho was not joalous, and seat,, her self, interchanging looks of ..intolligonoe with Madam Troplin. Soon a joound crowd of matrons would surround tho 'happy young oouplo,' inquiring aftor tho house- linen and tho irousteau, and onlivoning theso onquirios with rominiscoucos of thoir own courting-days, and first diffioultios in housokooping ; whilo Anthony would fumo, and Margory would resign horsolf, hut grow palor thon boforo. At lost, whon tho matrons had driven hor to tho vorgo of dospair with- thoir kissos and solicitations not to bo bashful in ' naming tho day,' Troplin would riso in his wrath, and, fetch ing hor hoed, draw Margory gontly hut firmly out of tho houso boyond tho claok of tongues. On ono of thoso occasions, whon ho was conducting hor Blowly homowards, Margory beggod him, with a ronowal of her old im- potuoBify, to lot tho wedding bo soon. An thony, blindod by tho passion of his lovo, had boon allowing himsolf of lato to mis- tako his fiancee '» despairing resignation for tho boginning of a plncid affection. Those words of hors confirmod him in his holiof ; ho would not hoar tho ring of dosporation in hor voico, nor notice tho alternate flush and pallor of hor onco hoalthily-hlooming chooks. "With ono of thoso ovorwholming bursts of tondornoss so unliko his usual mannor, ho accodod to hor roquost, and tho woddino: was fixod for that day fortnight. Thus it was that Anthony Troplin began to woavo that torriblo wob from tho meBhos of which death alone could sot him free. CHAPTER IH. Four yoars woro past and gone, and summer was round again. It was ovoning, and tho Tomplo Gardens woro, as was usual at tho timo, fillod with gay fashionables. Tho brilliant crowd had not ns yot thought of dispersing ; hut a lady and gontloman, both attired in tho height of fashion, had separated thomsdvos from tho throng, and were coming along slowly towards Tomplo Bar. Tholndy was Margery — ' wealthy Madam Troplin'— tho gontloman was Sir. Geoffrey Wildlako. Margory was, if anything, moro beauti ful than ovor. Tho only offoct of tho four years which hnd passed sinco hor marriago had boon toincrooso tho haughtiness of hor face and manner, to harden tho linos of tho proud mouth, and to ohnngo tho natural brilliancy and variety of hor oxprossion into a forcod gniofy or a wonry indifforonco. Gaily though hor fonguo had run on in that crowd whioh she had just loft, and where sho hod boon, as usual, tho admired of all admirers, sho wns almost ontirely sileut now, ns Bho and hor cavnlior passod under tho old archway. 'You nro dull, Madam Troplin,' said tho lattor at last. 'Dull!' sho answorod, with a laugh. ' How should I bo dull — I, wealthy, ad mired, and living in gay London town F' « ' Tho cago is unworthy of tho bird,' said Wildrako, with something moro than tho usual gallantry in his tono. ' Can I do nothing to choor you P What say you to a box at tho Italian Opera to-night, or a jaunt to Itanolagh to-morrow F ' You nro kind as ovor, Sir Gooffroy' — rousing a littlo from hor languor, and slowly lifting hor boautiful oyos to his. Sir Gooffroy had taken hor hand, and was in tho act of raising it to his hps wRon a honso-door oponod, and oloso ahovo tho pair stood Troplin on tho threshold. Tho hand of timo hod boon laid moro him than upon hiB wife. Four yoars con do so littlo or bo muoh — and with him thoy hnd dono muob. Tho ardour and resolution of his oxprossion had boon softonod into ono of porpotual sadnoss. Tho old power was BtiU latent in his faco cor- tainly, hut no longer forced itsolf upon tho attention. Young though ho was, thoro woro linos of caroupon his forehead, and yot dooper lines around his mouth. But, whon ho opoko to his wife's calvn- lior, tho tonos of hiB voico woro still samo —haughty, inflexible, and storn. ' I am indebted to you, Sir Geoffrey Wildrako,' h(f said, ' for your kindness in escorting my wife homo. I will relieve you of tho chargo now, as my way also lios homowards.' So saying, ho bowod ooldly, drew Margory's arm through his own, and prepared to dopart. Wildrako took out his gold onuff-box and mado a iaiut attempt to ' dash to cit' with woll-brod inoolonoo ; hut Troplin was noB Buscoptiblo.laud tbo beau found it oxpediont to retire into a hooknoy-coach, fooling a littlo ' dnshod' himsolf. For somo fow yards husband and wife procoodod in silonco. At longth Anthony bogan, with a gontlo patience in his voico ovidontly habitual to it now, hut whioh would havo surprisod himsolf could ho havo hoard it four yoars hoforo. ' Margory,' ho said, 1 it grievos mo sorely to bo obliged to interfere in any way with your pleasure, but I no longor fool it to bo right to hold my peaco. You know woll that i havo tried to mako up for tho wrong I did you onoo, how I havo trouhlod you with my prosoaco and counsol as littlo as tho most unloving wife could possibly desire ' j ' And qray, Mr. Troplin,' interrupted Margory, impatiently, what moans Qui ha- ranguoF I own your consideration in troubling mo littlo so far, but why now olaim a husband's authority F I To be Continued.) I 