[?] 1 9 $ BY Qu i t F=>' I T 18 warm. You know it? Quite ao; but it is just as well to note the fact in the Bird. 9 9 9 I have just been thinking that the world 'is progressing too fast. Lost Saturday a number of Cornstalks were playing cricket in Sydney; to- day they are similarly en gaged in far-away New Zealand. Here in Sydney, too, a number of Queenslanders (we'll call them so by courtesy) are play ing, one of whom at least was in Brisbane as late as Wednesday night, and the others a fow days ago. Methods of loco motion are growing very swift. — 9 « The Queenslanders are a queer mixture. There are five old cornstalks (M'Donnell, M'Glinchy, O'Brien, AtkinB, and Gresewick) and one ancient Victorian (Boyle) in the team. They arrived safe and sonnd on Monday night, and I believe there was not an enormous gathering of Association people to receptionise them, indeed, I understand only two representatives of the Association, besides one of the N.S. Wales team, were on the platform. However, the .Queenslanders were driven to thoir hotel, .regaled with a glass of Host Thorpe's special, and sent to bed to enjoy tho sleep, of the tired and train-weary. 9 9 9 The boys from the land of bananas and blacks regret the absence of their best man, one who never fails to effect a separation on tho best of wickets. Some unforeseen circumstances it appears prevented this great player from coming down, hnt the Qaeensi&nders; asked old Jack Tooher to take hiB place, and Jock consented, jnst to oblige the visitors. The Northerners look well, even down to Maitland Mac., who has the same old smilo flickering in tho corner of his lips. o Mr. Manager .Robert A. M'Donald is located at the tony Australia, where world-wide celebrities such as Mark Twain, John L. Sullivan, A. E. Stoddart, and Madame Stirling have rested their weary bones. I don't qnite understand how the manager can manage tho men if he does not stop at the Bamo pub.. The leetle doctor, however, has the good luck to have a teetotal crowd under his command, which reduces his worries almost to paying the bill for board and lodging. In Brisbane it seems they have a way of their own of doing tilings; with corn- Btalka Bome of their ways would not go down. There would be a rumpus, out of which' someone would come very mnch worsted. » » Manager, or rather ex-manager number one, Jack Taylor, too, is down, looking as spry as yon please. He's on bis own, how ever, and has chacked things cricket to tho four winds of hoaven, bo that henceforth Brisbane Association will have to get some one else to look after the shekels. Between you and me, the Association up thero treated J.J.T. badly, and I commend him for showing his intolerance of their puerile management by cutting the painter. When they appointed him manager they should have Btnck to him, and not gone back on themselves and him, and Bhown to out siders how vory incapable they are to manage things as things should bo managed. ... » » » But there, that's enough. What's all this got to do with ua? Teats 'flowed copiously and cheers floated lightly .o'er the. breeze as tho boys left the wharf on Saturday night in tho Talune. Little Loo lingered long and lovingly at tho wharf, and called for threo cheers for "the Glebe representatives," (Cobcroft nnd Poidovin). The Manly boys gave Prank Ridge a send-off, and South Sydney, too, was in great evidence. Long Sweetnnm (now of Double Bay) called out, "Now, boys, threo choors for tho Padding- ton representative ;" but looking along.the rail lio failed to soo one such facs, and had to acquaint the crowd with that fact. A good many girls wept as the vessel steamed off ; foolish young people. 9 Bravo ! ye wily Shoremen ! » Bravo, young Wade ; bravo, Norman Deane. Permit me, on behalf of Alderman Ahrams and the Glebo team, to tendor you the vory warmest thanks for your groat kindness in upsetting (for the time being, at all events) the East Sydney oracks. It looked the usual guinea to a gooseberry upon tho Easts when they had only three wickets down, but Norman Deane proved a dabster on this occnsion, and one or two of the Easts dropping their tails, tho certainty did not come off. The excitement was very warm, some of the Shoremen's supporters fairly prostrating themselves in the effort to maintain a cold and calm exterior. Tho brothers Richard son and Charlie Turner, as well as Johnnie Gonld, made a great effort to vanquish tho enemy, but they failed. They might be able to get 400 and odd runs against such teams ns Burwood and South Sydnoy, but they can't do it ngainBC tho Shoremen when young Deau is out for gore. Thero is still a chance of the Shoremen going down, but it would be a pity to soo them beaten after playing up so grandly. What say Loichhardt and Manly now about the pretensions of the Shoremen as Senior crieketera ? Strikes me they are getting along well without Frizzie Charlton, Radford and Co. It is only a question of time when this club will take rank with tho best. I nofcico Barnes Bennett going across in tho forry boat nearly every day. Why don't they , run ' him in — good cricketer is Barnes. V Threo wickets for 374 ! » Burwood, thine is a loather-hnnting existence. Things are getting worse than ever ; . the silver lining in the cloud .we saw. a week ago has vanished, and in its place black reigns. Three wickets for- 374 gives an average of 123 runs per wicket, and a total for the innings of 1246 runs! Mackenzie and Bannerman had a bean feast. They simply belted the bowling all over tho place. Burwood are simply outclassed in Senior cricket; they would not stand much show of winning the Second Grade Com petition. I believe the Paddingtonians who waited in the pavilion all last Satur day were praying for tho stonewaller to get out, but they must be a sinfnl lot, as Alick held on like a leech without giving the ghost of a chance. Waverley will have to play all they know, otherwise they are in for a doing. Old Tom Garrott says they'll have to bat Ikey Wales or no one, and I think Tom is not far wrong in his contention. Tlioy ought to have had enough of Ike before this. Ho evidently had no intention of playing at tho start of the match, other wise would liave turned up instead of turning them up. » 9 The finost win and the biggest sell of the season was that of the Leichhardt-North Sydnoy II. match. The Shoremen got an unexpected gruelling, by accomplishing which Leichhardt established a reputation that will not be wiped out in a hurry by Second Grado clubs. Will history -repeat itself in the Senior match at the Shore noxt Saturday ? I hope not. On dit that tho umpiring at Leichhardt was vory unsatisfactory, but somehow - beaten teams generally blame the umpire. They do say, however, that this gentleman was a local barrncker. 9 A complimentary smoke concert will be tendered Charlie Patrick in the Paddington Town Hall on the 20th inst. Tho gentlemen gotting tho affair up are live individuals and they have arranged a programme or music and song worth more than a bob — the price of tickets. Special artists have been ongaged. At the last cricket smoker in Paddington a recitation was given by T. M. Sheridan, now condemned to death. Ho appeared wrapped in a blanket, and created an indelible impression upon the audienco. » Linoy Walker, the crack sprinter, whilst playing for tho University on Saturday at Waverley did a slido, a slip, and a fall in tho mud. He didn't come down gently, and when the mud-stained warrior roso ho carried on his wliito breeches some of tho oval top-dressing. 9 " V Tom Garrott got his second wicket on Saturday. Against East Sydney tho old stager bagged only ono wicket, but farod worse against both Paddington nnd South Sydney, failing to get ono against either. Last Saturday he bowled Frank M'Elhono, who threatened to hit Tom out of tho ground if he'd only pitohed them up. Frank banged Starkey Jones for threo 4's, and was wielding his Shaw and Shrewsbury like a hummer when tho rattle camo. Tom Garrett lias only taken two wickets this year at a cost of 150 runs. Tho odds are that the old fellow will come with a rush against Waverloy, and help to give them a drubbing. He has already bowled over 100 overB, nearly half of which are maidens. Good old longth. When Sid Austin picks up his Bibd to day he'll blush like a schoolgirl. He'll mAko you bolievo he's riled, but will bo in wardly gleeful. What a grand thing it is to have friends at Court if yon have a sneaking desiro for a trip away from homo. Sotno men can make their centuries as easily as rolling off a log, as easily as many well-known cricketers can toss off a long boor.yot some of tho selectors will toll you they can't bat. Bah ! The same selectors thon turn round and pick a man who hasn't mnde double figures once in six innings to represent the colony againBt New Zealand, Ernie Eumo has the remarkably fino scores of 7. 2, 0, 2, 2, and 5 opposite his name in the South Sydnoy scoring book -in promiorsliip matches this year. In addition to those fino batting achievements ho has taken eight wickots in four matches. . Teddy Briscoe evidently pulled the wires to some purpose. When you take into consideration tho bald fact that Gregory, Donnan, and Walters , are in tho big team, Callaway and Hume (two out-of-form men) and Furness (a novice) are in the New Zealand team, while Trumpcr (anothor who has done nothing this year) was also asked to go to New Zealand, you begin to think that the selection committee is run by South Sydnoy. It is rather a pity that Connell, Quist, Hani- gan, Hopkins, Sweetnam, Mocnamara, E. Noble, M'MuUen, and young Hinchey, &e.;, are not South Sydneyites, for thon they might have been selected. A paper has something nasty to say about Harry Donnan. It is unkind to chide Harry abont his temper when he is doing all he possibly can to subduo it. Percy M'Donnell does not look so big in the region of the stomach as he used to ; nor does he look so young as he was five - years ago. None of us do, but then Percy , has aged more 'than most of us. 9 9 9 Bob O'Brien has cultivated a long flow- i ing mustivvy since he was here last. It : isn't dyed either, like some of the Sydney j ones. 9 9 9 Connie went strongly for his tenner for ; loss of salary for two weeks. He made no - bones abont it either. The Q.Q.A. evi dently did not consider N.S.W. in the matter when' they refused to accede to Connie's little demand. They quite forget that last year loss of salary was paid to Iredale, Howell, Callaway, and M'Kibbin, besides the professional fee to Kelly by the N.S.W.C.A,. for playing against Queens land in Brisbane. The Q.C.A. is evidently a bit greedy. The N.S.W.C.A. is a good old milch cow. 9 9 9 Connie, however, is playing after all, and gets his tenner beside, so that he conquered all right. He got the game, the trip, and the gonce. 9 9 9 A word in the selection committee's ear : When picking the team for Melbourne and Adelaide don't include anyone who is over fond of a weo drop of the cratur, especially . if he happen not to bo a top-notcher. 9 9 9 Burly Bill Hughes is getting blobs now, the 20 not out agninst the TTnis having evidently exhausted his run - getting resources. Burwood got him for a blob, and so did North Sydney. 9 9 9 Burwood, I suppose, won't turn up next Saturday. They've about had enough of Paddington this time. Poor Burwood 1 9 9 9 V Wally Loveridge on tho Domain on Saturday had two strokes and then go run out for 10. He bagged Harry Donnan for S, and also operated upon brother Bob in similar style. A short and merry innings. « » Charlie Turner got a terrible knock on the first finger of his right hand batting against the Shoremen. He shaped splen didly, too, and would havo won the match for the Easts if any of his chums had beon able to keep their wickets up. Alick Bannerman wound up his century by getting caught off a big bit. Alick has been practising tho high hit to long on a lot this season, lionco his downfall in making the stroke in two successive innings. We'll have to dub him tho " historic hitter " shortly. » - » Willie Richardson was tho victim of a wrong l.b.w. decision at the Shore. The same umpire gave tho same batsmen out also wrongly against the University, on Chat occasion apologising for tho mistake. Umpires, like selectors and scribes, are not infallible, but thoy weaken their standing by apologising for an error. Jimmy Searlo got GO odd for The Bohemians against East Sydnoy on Wed nesday, during which he paid very close attention to Johnnie Gould's whirlies, de spatching them with dnll regularity to leg. Bill Howell, also a Bohemian, got 40 odd in ' great style, caught on the fonco, though thoy do say that Bill was bowled first ball and the umpire said nay. 9 9 9 Tho Waverley Bees will havo to pull themselves together, and run in somo old blood from the veterans if thoy don't want to run a dead heat with the Beos of Sonth Sydney for last place in their competition. What abont Ernest Ironsides ? Is ho not too young to play with the veterans? Tommy Felix in the Australasian this week says that Jack Ferris is willing to re main in Molbourne and play for N.S.W. against Victoria, and that the said Vic torians won't object. Well, I'm hanged! What sort of a skin has Tommy Felix got ? . Ho further says the only thing wanting is to hear the views of the New South Wales selectors. Thero aro two objections to J. J.F. playing: firstly, that he is ineligible; socondly, on English form ho is not good onough. Sentiment is all very nice for tho Vies, to show when it costs them nothing and New South Wales something. Would you put Bill Howell out for the left-hander ? Not much. Tommy Felix is vory kind to Now South Wales;. far too kind. 9 Teddio Briscoo is a bird for tho Mel bourne and Adelaide managership, so they toll me. It is to bo devoutly hoped he keeps the small' members of his party in order ; the big ones can look after them selves. Who is findiug the spondulix for the Australian Eleven ? Who is to bo manager ? Who is running the show, at all events? Is a team really going to England, and who is planking down the money ? Mostyn Evan has withdrawn, and thoy say Jack Portus is a very doubtful starter. Here's a chance for Loo Abrams or Toddy Briscoe to achieve immortal fame, in belltopperdom, down the Strand. New Sonth Wales v Canterbury at Christchurch (N.Z.) to-day. For the result speculate in a copy of to-morrow's Timrs. Tom Cobcroft, I suppose, is captaiu of the team. Johnnie Ferris is still in Melbourne. A certain' lukewarm feeling permeates this week's cablegrams re the Australian Eleven visit to England next year. Tho unknown management and the prospect of Squabbles over the spoils are inakiug Britishers feel cold about the matter.- ' 9 9 9 Central Cumberland failed, just as I predicted, to get many runB against Sonth Sydney on the Domaip. It wasn't brilliant, bowling that got them out ; it was mostly wretched batting, assisted by -bod luck. Frank Iredale got oat off a long - bop, and young Pye was run out through the crowd hiding the ball. Cumberland ore doing, even worse than Paddington. If they don't watch it Bnrwood might effect a surprise at their expense 9 Bob Donnan got a good average with tho ball against Cumberland (five for 57), but be bowled, a lot of half-way staff, which, on a good wicket, ought to have been pelted all over the ship. """ Albert Sweetnam now plays with the Double Bays. Senior cricket got so excit ing that his medical adviser had to stop in and recommend a change. » » Wally Farquhar, thd Camden-Cumber- lander, is a pretty good cricketer, upon whom. the selectors should keep thoir optics. 9 Hodley Terroy's 65 is tho biggest score made by one of the Unis this year. One of their old fellows will got a century shortly, Sam Jones perhaps. 9 Hopkins, of the Shore, is keeping his end up with the bat— 16, 2, 61, 54, and 13 not out against tho crack clnbs. George Williams, tho old East Sydney fast bowler, bos taken five wickots for Bar- wood at a cost of 282 runs. Some of tho others have even worse averages. Dospite Syd. Gregory's huge score of 253, Harry Donnan will have as good an average at the end of the season if tho aforesaid S.E.G. doesn't improve on hiB small doable figures. » » Percy V. J. T. Macnamara batted like a brick for his 46 on Saturday. He's Dlayed Intercolonial football, and now, no doubt, has his eye on Intercolonial cricket. Redfern are lying low for a bound at Leichhardt. It will be a warm tnsslo between these teams when they meet. Jack Wnino by this time is stuffing tall stories down the gullible Maorilanders. He is rather good on the tin whistle — got good bellows. » » Young Hoare, of Queensland, looks just a wee bit thinner than he used to be. Ho was a pretty good bat two years ago. The Bananalanders say that Bradloy is thoir best batsman. Thoy might do worse than take the same 'Bradley to England as second wicket-keeper, as Clem Hill is a novice with tho gloves, and does not want to go behind. .0 . » \ q All Caue.htmdlo.Bafcs, 7s$&. Shaw and Shrecrs bur/, LiUywbito, Bartlotfc, Corbett, Ao. Import prices. AIicjc S unions, HajmTttffc, Oxfd,Geo.ats 