IN THE NIOK OF TIME. cAPlin Iv (CONTSNUED). YTs, it is. John Coleman, the ill. favored, slouching farmer, who rounds the hcurve i tholane and passes on with an evil sool upon his disagree. able.looking face. " Oonfound that fellow I the very sight of him makes my blood boil," exclaims Bydney Cbolmondeley, men tally; "and even you, with all your good nature," addressing Rover, whom he pats affectionately, " oannot refrain from expressing your disapproval of the alonobing brute." For Rover growled ominously-just as he growled yesterday- when John Coleman went by. "The deunce take it " mutters Sydney, "everything has occurred just as it occurred yesterday, exeoopt. tng Jane's appearance; and without Jano's appearance the whole string of cironmstances is equivalent to wit nessing a performance of Hamlet, minus the Prince of Denmark." Consequently our hero is compelled to make his way homo unesatisfied, a task which he does not accomplish for some oonsiderable time; for although firmly believing Jano will not come purposely to meet him hu still clings to a shadowy hope that eomothing may load her that way. At last the thought enters his mind that he will enlarge his field of obser vation. Why oonfine his vigils to Pontou lane, when theoro is Pouton village alose at hand, wherein ceie lves ? So at the clos6e of a hot August day he makes his way into the one street of which Penton cnl boclt, and look ing in the old-fashioned inu that bears the sign of the Cock and Horses, makes bold to inuquro whore Emtmar son the waggoner resides. The buxou Ihnudlady accords him a very grapiio ldescription of tihe whereabout. of Ithe hrumoblI cottager's abode, and Ienwllishioe trie same with a enlogietic dts~ortation oil weggonter Emmereon trid hi fanuily. He makles hie way etraight to the village etreet, tthen, turning to tihe left down a pretty country lane comes upon the homue of her whom he loves. The little garden in front of the cottage is laid out tastefully and the walls of the cottage are hidden in carefully-trainted creoper, amongst whioh the loveliet roses are blooming. Within the honeyosuclloe.clad porch he notes the figure of a woman soatod in a chair, whom Ihe justly divines to be the invalid mnothter, Mrs. iEmmer son; while, working in tie garden, he observes at elderly, hallo-looking man, whom he concludos is Jane's father. "Theoro i also a girl of betwoeen thirteen and fourteen yoanrs of ago, leaning against thie porch, close to her mother, engaged in needlework. Jano is not there. "Probably she is within," he imagines. And then, with man's innate cunning, he devises a plan whereby he can possibly obtain a look at her. Stopping across the road, he ap proaches the garden wickelt, bent upon asking for a light for his pipe ; but, as ht does so, he overthears words that assures hit hIis plan will tlnevit ably prove futile, for Mr. Emmeraon, addressing hisia wife, reaorks- " 80o Jane be gone to Blanudfordl, be she ?" "Yes, this two horoe past," is the answer. Of course he has plenty of lights in his pookot all the while, and, now that he is convinced of Jaino's absence, he has no desire or object to go through the farce of asking for one. But he has made such a palpable movement in going up to the gate that he cannot well withdraw without offering some excueoo for his move ments, so he lifts the latch and walki up the gardoun-path. "Can you kindly oblige me with a light ?" ho asks. "Certainly, sir," answers Mr. Em merson ohoerflltlly. "hMay," addressing his young daugbtar, " get the gentleman a lucifor; or will you walk it, sir, and help yourself 2" Expressing his thlants and apolo. gising for the trouble he is giving, Sydney Cholmondeloy enters the cot tago. As without, everything is arranged whih perfeot neatness and in charming taste. Exchanging a few pleasant words with father, mother, and laughtloer, he bids them good evening and takes his departure. Ilo and lover are soon traversing Penton-lann sgain on their way home wards, when the welcomno thought occurs to him that it is within the bounds of probability that he may meeot Jaune on her way back from Blandford. eAs ha approaches the curve in the lane, which, noas before desoribod, takes plte olose to Gilos's Pond, he is at. treotad by the sound of a loud, coarse voioo. "You neeoodn't be so devilish par. tioular, you know," are thie coarsely. uttered words he hears, "I suppose if it was that upstart of a swell, young Oholmondeley, you wouldn't object; you'd flirt with him fast enough, no doubt." "How dare you speaol in this in sulting way to mo, Mr. Coloman ? Let me pass, I say." "Not until you have given me a kiss, blest if I do." " Tlt mr~o pa?, I cay." "Not mo, my pretty bird I" and as the words escape his lips, Jolln Colo. man seizeo the figure of tile unpro ltoted girl in his brutal arms. "Lot me go I" she orice out in a voice of terror, and with an oxolaman. tion of pain caunsoed bIy tihe rough usago to which ahle is being subjeooted. But onarooly has hlier ory rung out upon the evenintg air when Sydney Cholumondoloy, springing forward, re leases her from the gra?ep of liher as nailant, and supplemoents the timely roeue by ktookitg himl down. Ths naturall oonollttion at which Sydney arrives is, whoen his opponent has risen to his feeoot, he will, with the spirit of every true Englishman, ou doeavour to retaliate. But the cowardly bully on regaining his foot simply expressesao his determi. nation not only to maeo SJydneoy Cholmondoley pay for what heo tie done, but to be avenged twentyfold hereafter. Giving utterance to come threats John Coleman elinks off. Then once more Sydney Cholmon deley and Jane Em merson etnud faoiug each other. Jane looks up with hler glad impac. sioned feoo and thanks him. Then they wall home together through the twilight -her home, for he insists upon seeing for afe to hebor own door, nor does sho mnuch demur against his so doing after what hne just transpired. As they are making their way thither he says "Jane." "Yes, 6ir." "You don't know how awfully sad and lonely I hlave felt over sinoo we parted on that happy afternoon, which seems an ago ago to me." "Perhaps you have had but little company at home, sir?" She will call him " sir." "When you have a house full of guests you spirits will soon revive," sho added. "You are determined not to under. atand my fooling, Jane." TaneO makes no answer, but walks on a little more quickly. "Janeo I" " Sir ?" " Will you promise me one thing 2" " Aeything in reason, air." "Do not you ever repeat those hor. ribleo words to me, 'never again I'" His voieoo is expreseiveo of deep emotion, and trembles an be hasks her this. " Will you promise me, Janeo " "II the words disploease you, I will not repeat them." At last they reached her father's cottage. IHe is standing at the gardoen-gate, evidently looking out for her return. Sydneoy at ouce explains the cause of his presnouce, which cxplanation is c rroborated by the few words to which Jane gives utterancme. And surely it is pleasant to hear the plain-spoken, hearty terms of gratitude with whiclh both mother and father greet him. He is requested to take a seat within their humble home; he is warmly offered the boet refreshmont tbhlt their means can tfurnish--homo. made cake and home.mado gooseberry Ahl I what a happy evening it is to him. And " if he'll juet stop in any time -no matter whein, so long as it sullits him--and do 'ei the houor of taklingo the bout ias they can offer, and maybe smoke a pipe in the ohimney-ooroer, hebo'll be always more thau weoleome." Such is Mr. Emmorson's general invite. Not until thebo stars are shining and the twilight hnos faded into the shedows of the night, does Sydney Ohplmondoley rise to take his leave. JIIAP'TER V. After the events related in the last ohapter there are few evenings in the week that did not find Sydney in the einug chimneycoOrner at the waggoner's home, smoking his pipe and con. versing with tho humble and over respectfuol family oirole, John Coleman'a throats had ended in nothing. To Mr. Emmorson he actually went so far as to apologiso, pleading as an excueo for his unjustifiable bohaviour an overdose of alooholio stimulant at The Cook and Horses. He forthermore stated that be was making arrangeomonts to part with the farm, another farmer being anxious to takeo over the tonanuoy; and that he hoped Emmorson would not leave the home to which he kunw he was so much atteobod. Under those circumstances Mr. Emmorson oonsenout?ed to remain in his employ. About this time poor Mr. Emmor. son wase taken seriously ill; so ill in. deed, that for covoral days her lifo was doespairod of. It was fully a fortnight beforo shlo so far recoverod asno to be considered out of danger. During that period Jane tended her mother night and day, and also dur ing that period Sydney Cholmondoloy loeft no tonea unturned to render eovery assistanuoo in hie power towards adding to the comfort of the invalid. Watcohing day and night by a nink bed will try the strongest oonstitution, and, by the time Mrs. Emmoreon was oomparatively speaking convalescent, Jane looked as worn and ill as she well eould look. It was now the middle of the month of Anuguet. Sydney had put in ap poaranuoo at the cottage asno usuenal in the evening. Mrs. Emmorson, who for the firsta time iaoo baher sesveoro indisposition hal.d contrived to walk round the gardon during the afternoon, had just retired to roat. Jane wae standing in the doorway knitting. Sydney was filling his moresrhaum. It is Syduoney who breaks the brief silenoo. "J Jano ? " " Sir ?" "You ouglt to take a good walk every evening, and got asno much fresh air no you poessibly can. You are looking as white an . ghost for the wanst of it," " O I fool very well." "But you cannot be well after nuoh striat confinement to the house; so put on your bonnoet and lot me take you for a stroll." Sho obeys, and in a short while they havo arrived at the old mooting ground in Poentoe.lane. Sydney hasu noticed lihow orvouan she appeared while paoneing withiu obuorvation of the noighbours. She ocems muah more at nease now that aslo is out oef sight of prying eyes. "How ic it, Janoe," he atris, with sad and tender inquiry, " how is it tlhat I am the causo of so mushI pain to you ? " And then-who could wonder at it, who could wonder at it, knowing how her great and noblle heart haid suffered, sy, vwans blooeding and suffering now ? \--uho breaks down in a flood of bitter tears. But now in this outburot of grief, this agony ,f sorrow, which no human ) .: oal lcould feel and still disguise, his eyes have been opened to the great reality. " Jano, my darling, do not cry so, I did not mean to wound; I thought you were indifferent to me until now until now." In those two words he reveals to her the fact that his eyes are opened to the truth at laot. "Oh, have mercy on meel " she robs, piteously. " Let ome go homo." "Jane, you must hear 1ne before you go home. I love you, Jane, with all my heart. I can find no words in I which to tell you hall I feol. God help me, I do not think I could have lived if you had always been indil forent to me." " Tllis is all a sad and terrible miso taoko, sir a mistakeo for enhich i am wholly to blame. It was my pro. sumption in writing to you that has brought it all about; but I am guilt. less of having aknowingly injured you as I hcve done." "Injured me, Jane ?" he inter. rnpts. " Nay, boear me out, sir. The time has come when I must speakL. I have injured you by over thrusting myself upon your notice, for in so doing I bhave caused you to love me." Her voice ainks almost to a whinpor asn he utters the last throe words. She resumes "That love, bestowed on one in my position, can, I know too well, but injuro you. You must live it down, sir, and forget me I " "Jane, can you deny, in the face of heonaven, that you love me ? " "I love you too well to let you saerifioo yourself," habo anwors earnestly. "Thou, Jeno, you will be my wife ? " "Oh I have you no morcy ? " she sobs out at last. "That can never boe I " "No, Jane, I have no mercy when I see you resolved upon enorifioing not only your own happiness, but mine also, undorl'ho inlluenoo of a delusion. You would blight my life, darling, would you ? And if you leave me, Jane, there will obe no more light in tlhe world for thle man who loves you better than his own soul I " With thoese and many more seah pnasionate expressions he detains her, breakling down with a lover's eloquence the barrior whlich she in pare unseol fiashnloss, has endeavored to establish butweon them. They linger until the stars come forth in the silent vaulto of heaven and listen to their vows. "And you are mine, Jane--my very own ?" "Yours, sir "--hor angel eyes looking up into his from the strong breast on which it is pillowed- As it to lie for on abort minute Ncar to i h boarr, had heavenoo in it. " Mine, Jane, to part--" "Never again, sir, please God never again." CIAP?EIO VI. Happy lovers i Who could boegrudge them the few haloyon days that fol lowed that sweoet snmmer evening- the few haloyon days of unbroken ponce ? The time was coming-and ooming speedily, too-when their bittorest enemies might pity them. For the present at least, Sydney Oholmondeley deemed it advisable that their engagement should remain a aooret betweeoon thomselves. It wao for many roasons a wise resolution. And no nearly a month goon by, and the eve of the Donoastor St. Legor in at hand. Tbhe St. Logor, as moat people are awaro, is tho great equine oonteat for three-yoar.olds, run at Donootor every SeBoptember. The reader will remember the un easiueose awakened in Sydney Ohol moondoloey'a mind when his father dies played euoh unusual excitement whilst convorsing of the probable sueooaes of a horse named Spooetator which he had backed to win tho raoo in qeaotion. Tho admiral had not again ovinoed, in hie son's prsencoo at least, the same unneusual amount of anxiety no to Spootator'e proespeeoote. In faet, Speootator hao gone remark ably well in the market, and io now a better favorite than ever. Probably on that aooount tho ad miral's mind han boon more at ease than it would othorwise have boon. Doubtlese it is muoch to be deplored that no many men of high seoial poei tion, should, like tile admiral, risk their all on the turf; but man are sportwmon by nature. It is a grave mistake to assume that a sportsman is noceoaerily a man with a low moral standard. On the contrary, troue sport i edify. ing, and a genuino sportsman'a posi tion in balse if hio moral charactor be deteriorateod by the pursuit of his pleasure. If racing, hunting, or shooting, makes him more oruel to man, more oelfish, more coarso in his manneors if it makes him more harolI and heart. loess in his treatment of inferior animals-it is doing him harm, and he is trospassing beyond the natural bounds of legitimaoy, Within those bounds--and they are sufiloiontly wide even for a tolerably largeo organ of destruotiveonse--ho suffoers no oontamination; he is moroly administering the law of the world in whioh he liveo-a law not made by man, but establiaohd by God. Though nature hnas ordained a •ystnm of animal hunting through air and water, amongst beanto nud flahos, it does not eooem to be ordained for tle purpsoe of gratifying an abaoluto feol ing of crueolty. It i moruly a umode of living. The elsihark taukes-no delight in tor. mounting its victim-it only delighte in sating it, The oarnivorouse animals destroy their prey with great rapidity: they genoerally spineo tlhom, anud pro. du?eo almoct instaut deslth. Thie oat seoomo to prolong thIe ef forings of thIe mouise ; but it is not by woulnding its pereon, as the snavage with hIis prisoner. Man alouo, with hiis roanns, has inveunted a spooioes of torture which, although it heno its model in nature, is evidently an ox. ooase in relation to the natunral. Hunting lhero anud foxoo in ornol, and it is worth remarkling how nicely and accurately the public senao of right and wrong distigunishes the charnoter of one amuoement from another in thie fact that fox-hunting clergymn n are unirvers?lly condemtned as degrading the character of their profession; 'hilst lfiahing and choot ing parsons, and especially thbo former, are treot.d in almost all Iplaccs with popular indolgence. Tho fbihinig and hooating are in conformity with the law of nature; whilst fo:-hunting is, probably, an esxcs whosoe innocence in doubtful, if its criminality is not certain. The habits of hu?tsmen are also ruder; their languago is coarser. They swear, they bellow,( they dare danger, they familiarioa themselves with rough usonage. Their animal excitement io great, their mental contemplation is little; atnd so far from cultivating quiet, peaceful, and patient habits, hunting is the echool for a snwell and a man of the world. The poacher is a peculiar exception. IHe is a criminal in the eyes of the law of man. It is not against the law of nature that he trooespatceo, nor does he re ceive his contamination from the breach of any natural law. His conduct in a natural aspect is merely that of thle nobleman or geontlo men ; and the effect upon his character would be the same as upon theirs, 'oro there no political law to occasion a difforenoce. Tho breach of this law makes him a oriminal. This is the rubicon that separates innocence from guilt. When passed ho bcomeon a sneak that cannot walk erect with bold oyo and conscious rectitude. He has become an invador of the law; and in his own defence he studioes all the arts of deooeption, pro. pares himself for dlefeonce agasinst per sonal assault, and familiarises himself with the idea of violenco and almost of murder, and entertains his con soiones with sophistical oxouses of his conduct, drawn from the injustice of the game laws anditho selfishness of the landlords. He forgets that he himself is a monopolist also; for he is appropriat. iog birds that are accounted luxuries, and indulging himself in sport and delicious fatro, w?bohen men more obedient to tohe laws of the land are weaving oaliooes or carding wool in a deleterious atmosphore. If all poor men went out a.shooting, sport would soon he at an end. There must ibe a right and a wrong establishced in every sphoro of life, or society is dissolved. They who disregard oven an unjust law and deliberately trangroso, it oo easion disorder; and if it be a tres pass which brings a man to prison and lowers his position in society by a stigma on his oharacotor, it makes him a criminal in spite of himself, Inde pendent of the justies or the injustioo of the law. The poacher's criminality, therefore, is the roesult of a trospass of the laws of the land, and not the result of his vocation of sportsman. The latter would rather make him jolly and good- natured, open-hearted and generous; but the infringement of the statutes makes him a vagabond and a fugitiveo. A similar effoot is produoed on the amugglor of contraband goods. The goods in thomeelveo are not contaminating, neither is the mor chandiso or the barter. It is tho ovasive lifo of a oneak that domoralieos the man, and makes him a criminal. Tho evo of the St. Leger has ar rived, and with it appear two guoets at Blaudford Hall, in Lady Burling ton and her daughter Mend. There exists a family conneootion between the Cholmdndoleys and the Burlingtons, but it is of such a remote nature that neither Mand nor Sydney has over fully solved the problem as to whether they oan olaim a cousin ohip times out of number removed. Nevertheless Lady Burlington and the admiral have always spokeo of them as oonsins an long no the youth ful pair can remember. What Sydney does know, however, beyond the ehadow of a doubt, is that he and Maud have always pulled to aothor romarlekblv well. Ho is also equally aware that she is "a jolly, nnaffooted, good-hearted kind of girl," as he is wont to atyle her, and that absho has a large fortune entirely at her own oommanod, besides further golden proepaota in the event of her mother's deoonaeo. Of coureo he is always very pleaaed to soa her when she pays her eustoen. ary visits to B3landlord Hall, which generally ooaur two or three times a year, Lady Burlington invariably ac. oompanying her. Ili sister, too-for Sydney has a dister, who governd the domestio ar rangements at home-is very fond of lively, light-hearted Mand. That hin father and Lady Bunrling. ton have for long ohorished a hope that nomo day or other an "arrangoe. moent "will be arrived at between their children, oulminating in a matri monial allianeoo, he has more than anspoeted. Indeeood, the admiral has on more ooaonsion than one oxpreseod to him the feelings of pleasure he ehould ex perience to soee them man and wife. Bat, like a wise father, he has never done more than this, knowing hiie son's views regarding the enored obli. gatione of matrimony. " We must leave them to them. solvoes," lhe has ofton said to Lady Burlington, "for Sydney'u ideas are very peculiarac regards marriage, and lhe won't Ibe driven." And Lady Bur!ing(ou hal remarkod to the admiral that "unfortunately, IMaid is paooulina also ii helr ideans on that euhjooe, in fiot, quito unlike the majority of girls, and hleo is oortainly not to be led againot her iuolination, or oven advised." So Sydneoy and Maud have ioon loft to go ltheir eparateo wnys, in the hope that ere long their mutucl lilking will draw them nearer to each other, and finally develop into the majesty of Lovei. Sydney greaoto her on this oconoion with his canil cordiality; and is plaoeed to find bher the same virnvaoious, light-hearted girl that nho ''ae when they parted at the cloes of her previous visit. Of course the admiral and Lady Burlington watch every look and ges. tare whnch the yonug couple inter change, and when they observe their greeting to be ans warm ano ever they feel at lert eatisfied that neither one nor the other has fallen in love with anyone rlco during the separation. In the reening Sydney malces his way as usual to Mr. Emmcrson's cottoge, and has his stroll in IPenton lane with Jano. tie tanllt a good dealn !of hi cousin Mnaud, and how lhe looks forward to the time when Janeuo will lknow her. But poor Jano never waxes warm with lenthusiaelu win hei i pealie of her future aescociatione with his fOine relatives. She changes tile subject by referring to the gamelooper whiose threat to summon her brother had led to hier writing tile memnorable letter. Biuco then Sydney had advised his father to dischargo the fellow for having belied one of tbo under- keepers. When Sydney ha given him notice, he lhad unwisely polenc in such a manner as to hiint at his behaviour in the matter of Jane's brother. Coupling with thii theo fot that the fellow was frequently in the company of John Coleman at the village aloe house, and that the latter made as much out of the fact of haviug met Janeo and Sydney Cholmondoloy to gother as lie possibly could, there could be little doubt thbat the gameloper laid his dismieanl, in some degree ant least, at Jauo Emmerson's door. "As he passed our cottage thiis evening, just before you arrived," observed Jano, " he cowled at me as if he would have gloried in csrving me as he does the unfortunate rabbitu." "Ill-favored scoundrel L I wish he were well out of the county," exclaims Sydney. " Mr. Coleman employs him now." " The deueo he does I A nice pair I 'Birds of a feather flock together.' It was certainly injudiioious on my part to have referreod to his behaviour to your brother, when discharging him." "It was hardly wise, porhbaps," responds Janeo. Thus conversing, their walk ends at the cottago-door, when, having bid Jane and the other members of the family good-night, Sydney makleos his way home. When hlie enters the drawing.room at Blandford Hall, MaIud is singing one of Moore's Irish Melolodios, which always meets with thie greatest favor at tile admiral's hands, (To be contilued.) 