NOTES ALONG THE FOBEST \- -TRACK [Bf Ios.] In my !at notes I mentioned that we were about to receive an innovation in the form of a burnt cork exbibition, and on the evening of the 2nd inst. I joined with the tide of humanity, wending its way hallwards, and presently reached the door of the building,. round which a goodly crowd had assembled, Varied and various were the speculations indulged in regard ing the coming maiden ellort of the newly inaugurated troupe. Shortly before eight o'clock the doors were thrown open, and the crowd e.agerly pressed forward to gain admittance, and I, aoiongstg others, entered and took my seat in an obscure corner, where I could observe closely without being too closely observed. Qoickly the crowd filed into the hall, every seot being filled, eagersess showing plainly on every face, proving conclusively that minstrel entertsainments are even more popular than discussions on "Infant Baptism.". The stage at the end of the hall was screened in the orthodox manner, and from behind the curtain came sounds of life. A door be hind the screen being suddenly opened up bles the curtain, prematurely revealing the troupe, to the great delight of the children, who were present in great num bers. At eight o'clock the silvery tinkle of a bell sounded, and immediately the first note of the ove' ture " lia Polle" (dide the programme) was struck by Mrs it'Indoe, thereby announcing to all that the play had begun. Again was the tinkle heard, and low and sweet arose, under the skilful touch of the pianist, that sweet old tune. "Way Down upon the Swanee River," and slowly the curtains moved apart as the music ceased, revealing the troupe in all the splendor of darkness, ruffles, frills and flaring red, At the com. mand from the centre man the best how was simultaneously made, and each mem ber sank into his seat, and at once the fun Legan. Messrs Finlayson and Rugard (bones and tumbo) did full juotice to the opening chorus, " Sailing Down the Golden Stream," sung very nicely by the company. Then after the usual jests, fir Finlayson song "The Tramc ar" excellently. After this several songs sere sung by different memhels of the company, the rotation of which I have forgotten. Mr Rugard sang two songs, "Dearest fify" and another, which appeared to he a sort of medley. Each was sung in that gentleman's good style, and altogether his acting and general behavior thoroughout kept the audience in thoroughly good humor, and no doubt the success of the enteetainment was due in a great measure to his efforts, although from what I have heard I am of opinion that to Mrs Mi'ndoe should be ac corded the greatest meed of praise, as she coached each member in his songs, and if it had not been for this lady's excellent sceompanimento soeo of the stngers would, I think, have experienced some dificulty in getting through their songs so very creditably. Nervousness is, of course, to be expected ftotm young fellows who, for the first timoe in their lives, appear before a public audience, hut each mombre so. quisted himself splendidly, and if each person present left the hall feeling as shoroughly satisfied as I did, nobody re grettee the shilling which it cost him or her to enter. There sere only two persons amongst the performers, I belieoe, who have ever before appeared in such no enter tainment, end, stasngely eenough, one of these, in rendering a singularly pathetic song, causad as much amusement as any of the comics by the plaintive manner in which he wailed forth for someone to bring him back the one he loved. One lank in dividual in the audience shouted eut, " Ask a policeman," and, to the honor of Apollo Bay, be it said, this was the only interrup tion during the evenits. Some of the jokes were local, " Bones" on one occasion asidng "tasloi" what trads too strl4 adopt if he went into husisirss, wien t1id latter replied, " I'd be a Baker at Forrest." Thiis perpetration was received in dead silence. Perhaps we didn't see it, or per baps we don't appreciate jests of that kind. One of the best features of the evening's play seas the excellent singing of the pipannsties, tlosters Finlsysonontd Miitcheli. The perfornmrs in the first poetioo of thg dntertifmnienf sese -cMessrs ilett, Laeshy, Finlayson (bnes), E. BCaood,-sod IKlvey, eM\artin (centremnai), tGosney, WT. Caeood, Fricks, Fraser end lutgard (temho). Afte ass lteryal , force came on the hoares entitled " Echoes fromeeflhe ssoods," in which tflere was ii ghost sechil shiehl isued con, siderable amusmeneent, and was well acted. Then followed a solo by Mrs M'Indos, very nicely nelercelec and deser-eedly applsuded. fil Iricke contributed l song in choarcter, and Messrs Finlayson and Ryan song solos. ERcd stem received applause. Then flrs M'Indoe and Mr RHsgard song a very pretty duet, and the perforsanc closed sith a character song by the picanninies, receiving long and deserved applause. The entertaineecnt wound up wito a farce, sherein four darkies had their heads fixed in holes in a bo erd for.tlhe purpose of being shaved. Tlecy were then plentifully lathered with a compound in whicle PQpn' appared c o se the ojrincilal inkri-lent, siod scraped weith a murderous looking steapon shaped like a razo, in a manner stiudI inade me thankful I sas not a darkey. At tie conclusion votes of thanks sere passed and culogistic speeches made, aflter which the rooee seas cleared for dancing, some of the performers appearing in thseir ovenr tlaitie, addieg quits ty nesvel feature foe s of Ateollo Bay. Takeii altogsetles the performiance was the esat ever seen at Ipollo Bay, and see hope to tive a similor treat at an early date. I, as soell as others, seas ieost pleasourobl iurpriseel to find we liad so imulh lotfne talent in our seidst, Our Meutual Improvoement Aesociation iemet agesin last Monchey, the evening being devoted to songs, recitations etc., with criticisms. Severals maiden elocutionary efforts seere made and highly commended, with one notable exception, where adverse and -cll deserved criticism was showered on the attemopt. I hope it will have the effect of miaking tfle inttembero mere careful iii futuece. -. - - 