They tay: [An oeln column. Comment must be fair and without m:Ilice. The Editor not responsible for opinions exprcssed I : Boshiel has too much styl?i a th wickets. The way Snell shifted his bowling last Saturday was something sickening. Ray has too muchee talkee aboutee whatce knowee nothingee aboutee. Tom Bakei.of the Red Rose played free and attractive cricket for 6z runs last Saturday. The Northlboys very jubilant Satur,. day night and Sunday. The North has done the "hat trick." Won the local trophy three successive years. - Who was looking for billy goats down East last Sunday morning. Ask W. A. .Coolie Fitz made zz not out and won the trophy presented by, Harry Ellis. Brimmer has lost his donah. Catch another one. The East boys were thinking too much of the duck dinner in the last match. Willie Jones piomised the- East a "spread" should they win the local trophy. -All hopes of the East winning the local trophy were obliterated by the North last Saturday. The Brunswick council very uiiani mous in granting their assistance to the z4th May Carnival. - Cr. Allard says if his colleagues give as handsome a trophy as he pur posed doing, the carnival -will be as successful as any held in the colony. We hope so. The Brunswick council are going to meet in a body and consider their gift to the charity committee. The lecture on politics was very al right at Surrey Hills on Saturday. 'Ginger, the Brunswick champion, got knocked out in one round. The Tivoli minstrels play "Uncle Tom's Cabin" next Tuesday. There is another mushroon troupe starting in brunswick. Harry's troubles Joey is a splendid corner man. Buck. L. is boss of the boys Guild The noadescripts had their photo's taken before the match. Molly Barmy(ham) hard up. Can't get his hair cut. Tatitoola tiger was very nearly plug ged by his superior the other Sunday night; ;buthe was let go because he parts his.hair in centre. - Pat Bailey is training for the obstacle race. -The ghost of O.D.R. will appear on the z+th Astride of the old original crock called "Karbine.:: - " Sweet Billee " well known down East has conquered over two William goats whlich are now in quiarantine" after undergoing a thorough overhaul by the health authorities they will be in the procession in a go(at) cart. Sports and Buffer are going as two Russian Noblemen they have a sleigh and were seen down at the Park making arrangements to get a Reindeer. A well known business gent not ioo miles from the Town Hall is going to cut a dash on the 24th. Coming out in up to date style as the new Governor of Brunswick. Brunswick got defeated by the Col lingwood Juniors. Casey played splendidly though ?he should take his kick quicker; too much running spoils you Billie. Harry Hartley is a brilliant mark, will be a shining man this season. Where were the Wicks forward men? Times cut of number the leather was sent across the centre line towards the home teams goal. No Wicks to take it. Very, very bad. Chopper will reappear in local foot ball to-day ; sure sign of victory. Brunswick players must keep their places and watch their men if they wish to win. Neddy Sampson will don the Red and black for the first time to-day. Great strength to the Wicks this player. Nondescripts v. Harhawks continued to-day at Royal Park. Entries for the sports on Queen's Birthday close next Sarurday. Don't miss entering. Belmonts have won the Boswarrick trophy. The Tug of War at the Charity sports will be won by a pottery team. Hastings is a real warrior at the game now playingifor the Wicks. There will be no more barneys at cricket when Brady is present. What say chaps. Brunswick Camelias will be seen at their best this season, likely to take first prize in their competition. There be will no bad language used a the Carnival this year. In case those taking part in the procession do not keep in file, they will get a "dose of fish-hooks or pills. ??:Hgliie Logan is again Captain _with .Billie Poole as his Lieutenant. f:Although the South Yarra beat them on Saturday they hadn't any too much the best of it. 5 goals to 3. Joe Plumpton played a great game. Scottie was a tower of strength. A certain player got very moist in the home trip. Four of the Pailkside were away when they stkrted the third quarter. Where were they ? Charlie the State school teacher reckons he met his doom at Trinity Church, not at the Presbyterian. Charlie Hauser reckons he is the best looking lad in the Wesleyan Sunday School. If any one feels in clined to dispute this, let him hand in his name and he will get a Veterinary Surgeon to decide. Brimmer and Dad have started hawking on their own and are making. a fortune. The Parkside will shake them all. up in the Suburban Association. - The' Yarra's ground is very con venient to the Hospital, but too far away `from a refreshment place. (Water tap of course.) The goals kicked by Scottie and Mlelville were tip toppers. \- Sir Wljaliam-..did.n' -A? "m - 'pire's decision at the Nondescripts match on Saturday. Squire reckons the goal he kicked last Saturday was good enough to get him a game with the Essendon instead of Thurgood. Gussic very indignant on his return to-find his name in print. . " We have . Read about the .Water melon push and after being IHrne(d) so often by S"ymons,- Pcy was seen at the Merri creek Cliffs looking for Alfo(ojre. Grieving; Squeaking and Wheeling is all the go down East this week. We would like to know where that pipe was taking (Bert R.) to the other night. It will worry him yet. Sqcueaker and Geordie D.'arealright dancers. A few more lessons from Paddy W. and they will be perfect. That Paddy W. Down East is a heavy plunger at Uchre. Sling that game and chop wood, Paddy. 