For the Little Ones. The Sedrah (Vayechi Genesis, xlvii., 28 to end of Book). So Jacob lived happily for seventeen years more, and reached the great; age of one hundred and forty seven years. Then he sent for Joseph and extracted from him a solemn promise that he (Jacob) should not be buried in Egypt after his death, but that his bones should rest side by side with those of his ancestors. Then Jacob lay sick to death, and the news was broken gently to Joseph. He took with him his two sons Manasseh and Ephraim and they visited the dying Patriarch. When the latter was informed of the approach of his princely son he summoned the last remains of his strength and sat up on his couch. He pronounced a noble blessing on Joseph and his two children. He placed his hands on the heads of the two lads, letting his right hand rest on Ephraim, although he was the younger, and his left on Manasseh who, as the elder, should have had the right. Joseph tried to induce the dying man to alter the position of those hands, but with the fore-knowledge given by his approach ing death the Patriarch would not alter them. The change was significant of what would happen in the distant future, when the descendants of Ephraim would be greater than those of Manasseh. Then he pronounced a blessing on the two youths. That bless ing has become a prayer which hundreds of thousands of Jewish children nightly repeat and have repeated for thousands of years. This is the prayer : “ The Angel which redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads, and let my name be named on them, and the names of my fathers Abraham and Isaac, and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth.’’ (I hope all my readers can repeat the Hebrew'of this. It commences with ^Then Jacob called all his sons round his bed and uttered a great saying for his last words on earth. There are prophecies for each son. And some of these sayings have become watch words for the people named after him (Israel) and have com forted them in many a dark hour of distress and trouble. When the fiends of the storm raved round the devoted heads of small bands of Jews ; when the axe, and the cord, and the faggot were applied they were ready to die with a smile of contempt on their lips for the hideous throngs that pressed about them, and a feel ing of certitude given by these very utterances : “ The sceptre shall not depart from Judah.” “ I have waited for Thy salvation, 0 Lord.” Then the aged and world-weary man “ gathered up his feet in the bed and yielded up the ghost and was gathered unto his people.” Then Joseph caused his father’s body to be embalmed in the Egyptian manner, and all Egypt mourned for 70 days. Then Pharoah granted Joseph a superb retinue of warriors and attendants such as befitted a King’s progress, and they journeyed away until they came to the field of Machpelah, which Abraham had purchased for a family burial place. And they buried Jacob there, and left him to his last long rest. Now, when Joseph and his brothers returned to Egypt, the latter were afraid that, now their hououred father was dead* Joseph might revenge his former wrongs on them. But Joseph had too great a heart for any such small feelings ; and he replied to them, with tears in his eyes, in a noble saying—“ Fear not,, for am I in the place of God?” He meant that with God, and God only, rested the right to avenge. Then the Bible passes rapidly over the rest of Joseph’s beauti ful story, giving us to understand that his life was placid, and good, and full of blessings. At the age of 110 years he died. He had extracted a promise from his relations that his bones also* should not remain in Egypt. (End of Vayechi and of jthe book of Genesis.) 