the insolvency of law rence and adam . OPPOSITION TO CERTIFICATE APPLICATIONS. Applications were made to Judge Molesworth in the Insolvency Court yesterday that uncon-. ditional certificates of discharge from their debts should be granted to James Black Lawrence and James Philip Adam, formerly trading at "William-strest, Melbourne, as wholesale grocers and wine and spirit merchants, under the style of Lawrenoe and Adam- Mr. Woolf appeared in support of both appli cations, and Mr. Cohen on behalf of the trustees to oppose. Mr. Cohen said ths objection was based on the ground that the insolvents had been guilty of culpable negligonct. The joint estate had already paid 7s. 6d, in the pound, and would probably pay 8s. or 9s. The separate estates, however, would scarcely pay anything. The firm of Lawrence aud Adam bad always been regarded with great rtBpeot, and there could be no ground for alleging fraud agninet the members of it. It was oontended, however, that they had been guilty of foolish and reckless trading in giving credit in a most reckless man ner In a number of casea when they knew that there was no probability of payment being re ceived for the goods uupplisd. Ths case was a merchants giving credit reoklessly. Tho firm oarried on an exceedingly large business, and from June, 1890, to 22nd Maroh, 1895, tho date of sequestration, the total turnover of the busi ness was about £1,200,000. According to tbe schedule, the total debts of the firm amounted to £78,334 9a. 9d., while the assets were put down At £63,064 16s. 10d., leaving a deficiency of £15,269 12i. lid. Ab air instance of ths rpckleia credit given, he might mention that one suburban grocer, who oarried on business at Essendon, owed them £2236. Tbe insolvents attributed the stoppage of the firm to the fact that the Trus tees Exeoutors and Agoncy Company as execu tors of the late John Adam were pressing for payment of the capital of the deceased, who wan one of the original partner, but the aotiral faot was that the Union Bank declined to give them more credit, and the firm had not n pos sible ghost of a ohance of paying the Trustees company. Ho would ask tho court to visit its displeasnre on tho insolvents. Judge Molssworth : The court has no dis pleasure, It 1b simply a question of adminis tering tbo act. A great ohange has come over the community, and wo shall not hear of so muoh reckless credit in the fiiture. Mr. Cohen : Personally, I am sorry to hear that. I do not want the business of this oourt to be restricted in any way. (Laughter.) Judge Molesworth : It would be a happy state of things for Victoria if tho business of tbi court were very small. Mr. J. H. Riley, one of tho trustees, then gave evidence, most of which was formally objeoted to by Mr. Woolf, regarding an ex amination he had made of the books of tbe firm and a statement he had prepared. He stated that Messrs. Lawrence and Adam were carrying on business at a loss for five years prior to sequestration, Tbe witness had not oonoluded bis evidence when the court adjourned until a date to be fixed. 