URSULA'S TRIAL. CrAPTER IV. LoaRD Lzon bad not been gone six months, when a terrible misfortune befell the house of Warner-it was a time of commercialdepression. Many old.established firms went to the wall, but Warner & Son would have weathered the gale only for a defalca tion, which just at this time came to light. It involved years of long concealed systematic fraud, it touched the hononr of the house, and it crushed Mr. Warner to the earth. The miserable cause of it, a swindler and forger, bad not the courage to face the consequences of his acts. he destroyed himself, and Mr. Warner was left to pay his partner's liabilities. He did it; as an honest man should, he eacrificed his wealth to his integ. rity; and be had the comfort to know no one suffered but himself and his family; but when the liabilities of the firm were paid, Mr. Warner laid down his head and left the remainder of the story to be finished without him. He was too old to begin the world over again. His coffin was carried through the gates of Brandreth Hall just a week before the sale of his place. It was bought by Mr. UammJ:l tile banker, with the furniture, china, family pic. turese, and stables. The people said it was a vast improvement on the Warners, Mrs. Hammond being an offshoot of one of the county families. As for the Warners they had grown quite too set-up of late, and as the Reverend Mr. Hoppy remarked," pride is sure to get a tumble, even in this world." "1 should like to know will that silly goose of a lord stick to hise en gagement 2" Mrs. Cox, the doctor's wife, put io. "I always thought it was the money was his'attraction and magnet." "He never would have swallowed the Warners only for it," said Sir Robert Burrowes. "The Leighs are as proud is Licifer." : ' " And a fine old family they are," added, the lergymsan, fodrgetting his recently expressed censure on pride. Meantime thse objects of all this talk had sheltered themselves and their misfortunes in au humble lodging. lt was on the road towards Hammeremith, one ofthose small houses with two. balconied windows; it was clean, neat, sunshiny. Ursula had chosen it carefully, seeing that it facc.l westward, so that the sun might cheer Mrs. Warner by its comforting rays. After the general break up, John and Ursula brought her here; fortu. nately, for the sake of human nature, the world is not made up of " Hoppy's " and " Cox's." Friends came forward in the hour of need, and Mr. Warner's name made it easy for his sons to get situations. The younger ones went away to seek fortune in other launds; but John seunk his own feelings eud cast in his lot with his mother and Ursula. From the morniog when she had dressed her aunt tenderly in thebo cruel dress which custom compels, and had brought her down and set her in the midst of her clldren-a widow, with all her gay ribbons oset aside for ever, her life' story closed from that hour, \-- Ureula took upor herself the charge of Mrs. Warner. Teuo had thesr:little disagreements formerly, beipg so altogether opposite, but now every weakness was held sacred, avery faili'ig gently borne. With all trouble taken silently out of her hauds, they thon comforted one another as women only can do. During all this time there had beeoon no word from Lord Leigh. Ursula never muentioned his name till after they were settled in Paragon Row. Jobhn one evening brought her a letter with a foreign stamp upon it which had been redirected from Braudroth. It was easy to see by Uraula's eyes where it eame from. She took it away to her own room, and when she returned Johu saw she had beeoon cry ig. Wheh Mrs. WYarner had gone to bed he departed from his usual custom and voluuteered anl inquiry, "Does Lord Loign know of our misfortuou ?." . " I wrote ard told him, iJohn, 'as much as wvies neeoessary, what:' con. corned myself. " And what doeslho say ?" Ursula blrlrhod crimson. It was answer enough. John was silent a moment. " Ursueola," he said, " you mast not be carried away by a mistarken idea of doing your duty. You must, in this matter, be guided by the wish-u of your future husband. Remember we have no claim upon you; he hap. Go to him arid Uo happy." If ever a lman doserved a crown for making tilse peehl, it was. John War,,er. It was Ilce utlting away the last little thrtad of lhaplrinaes ficho had left in her grasp. tSo lonrg c Urdllus W therew , neoar hIim, onue of thIrmueelves, every mie. fortano Iad seemed light; but heer presenc once withdrawn what was there to made lifo avon endurablle? Then indeed P'aragon Row would arppear r intic real oolours, a squaclid lodging.lhouse, instead of a glorified esidloueo. " Jolu," and Ursul's' voice had a touchl of beor, " do you really think so rceauly of tne ? Your rotlher wes comed me wheno I had no home ; could I leave her nowr and be Ihappy as you say ? Bluiodes," her ecls topped and then begrn againr: " after all, I am otly lerOlg tco ny first resolution to wait, whichli wa nort madeo unadvisoedly. I don't tliek lI was wrrong in naleing or ncrdi-" 5h1, anid thlis in a heoitating tone, and Joleu, wehoe hlecort wnas full of billorrnoean thinrlting of hie own long warit witlh nio hlope to cheoor or comfort him, answererd withl al almost scornful laugh : "hlard it muot be. A poor love fehat rcoldn't ttandr the test of a tnwo. yearr' wait I" Urerla dlrewv back ; her face had a pained, trourbled lookl; hler fingers closed tighltly over Lord Loigh's loatter in iher hand, eho tulrned away with a ocld : "Good.night, cousin; we need not diseues tbi sunbject any more." John obeyed her; for the future no mention was made of any change in the situation of things, How Ursula answered her lover no one knew. Hie letters continued to come with regularity, sometimes Urau la read aloud some of their contents. This was to please Mrs. Warneor, who would beg for a bit of Lord Leigh's descriptions of his travels. He wrote well of his desert marches, of his Easter in the Church of Nativity; of moonlight nights under the famous Cedars of Lebanon. Ohange seemed to be the necessary element, the craving of the young man's nature. But there were other bits in these letters which the girl kept to herself and read and re.read in the solitude of her own room, Words which burned into her very heart, and shed a radiance all about her, brightening op the the dull streets as she went along, and making a little heaven of Paragon Bow. Everyone almost, except a totally colorless life, has these moments of illusion. But there were hours of reaction, when the present pressed heavily. It is. a mistake to imagine that the act of doing one's duty brings imme. diate all-round happiness,. It was in vain Ursula told herself that hers was not only duty, but com mon gratitude. Her fancy would paint for her imaginary pictures of the bliss she might now be enjoying; her reason would sometimes tell her that all sensible people-would say she bad acted with quixotic generosity; and over and above-all these conflicting thonghts there was the change. She had of late been used to much luxury, It was a hard task to make sixpence do the work of a shilling, and all these sordid cares fell upon Ursula. Her -ffort was to spare her aunt as much as she possibly could. " We can do well enough, John," she would say. "We can walk for we are yondg and strong; but your mother most have a drave now and again." Looking back upon that time in his lfuture days of ease and prosperity, John often thought that in spite of all opposing eircumstances he was posi tively happy. Happy in his home coming on the top of an omnibus, perhaps; or if fine, trudging along the dusty road after his hard day's work, always sure of a pleasant homoe welcome, of a sweet smile. Yet after a time a measure of this happi ness had to be withdrawn. Illness, that most miserable visitor at all times, but ton times more miserable in a poor household, now added its presence to the small circle in Paragon Row. Chsrley, the youngest of Mrs. Warner's sons, instead of making his fortune in Ceylon, where he had gone, came home utterly broken down in health. This was a new responsibility, with the necessity of finding money for doctors and remedies. PoorrJohn was at his wit's end. He was resolute about not drifting into debt; and yet how was it to be avoided ? Ursula soon found out what was on his mind--this grinding responsibility. Healthib to be restored on one side, and pounde, shillings, and pence on the other. She was very thoughtful for a couple of days. One evening when John returned at hia usual hour he found her walk ing up and down the dusty suburban road waiting for him. As she came to meet him he weeas more than ever struck by the contrast between her appearanco and her sur roundings; betweoon her shabby dress and iher stutely carriago; between the mean house from which she issued and the distinguished air, which in former days had mtade her look superior to highly-born women. " My poor Ursula," thought John, sadly. And as if she guessed what was on his mind she smiled gaily in his face. " You must not scold me, John. I have taken an important stop without your leave." Although she spoke pleasantly she was evidently agitated; and John, only thinking of the one thing pos sible, felt his heart stand still. WLat important stop could shO take but t(1o one ? Then she had at last grown tired of throwing in her lot with theirs. She had at last struooek her flag and surroendored. He walked by her side in silence, while she took a lotter from her pooket. " God is very good," she said with a little tremble in her voice. "1 He often raises uIp a friend at the very moment it is most noooded. He lhas done do now. Do you remember Lady Sidnoey, John ? " Tho power of asociation is great. With that name there rose before John the day of Lord Leigh's arrival at Brandreth ; and Mr. Warner laughs: "Know Lady Sidney I " What years ago that all seooemed ; and yet it was little more than twelve months. " Well, John, Lady Sidney wants a finishing oumpanion, she says--not a governess-for little Blancho, lShe lis' growing up, or noarly grown.up---and hier mother wrote describing what she required, oespecially musiaonlly; for Blsnchoi hes a pretty voice, and Lady Liduoy it afraid of masstoere. Wait, I will read what abo says: "' If I can find a lady who will talk to my girl and sing with her, and give hoer, the advantages which a really intolligent woman can impart without governsoeing- for which she is too old -as sote is to be Itnrlncohed in six months-if yon can get me this rata aRis, I will gladly pay a hundred peondS,' " Ursula's eyoe glistened. "A hundred pounds, John I That will pay all the oxponnoos of Oiarloy's illnOess; besides, there will bo all my living naved." " Ursula rI" and John's voiOce was very doeided, "I will not hear of nuoh a thing. For you to toaoh at all would be an ill-advised stop, consider nlug the irousystanoes in which yen are pIaued, Togb ais a companion to Lady Sidnoy's daughter ia simply im. possiable." "Barely, John, considering that I have already promised." "And what will you say to Lord Leigh P Do you think he will approve of this for his fouture wife ?' "Ohl John," in a voice of pain, "don't. Let me say one word and then have done with the subject for ever. Being Ursula March, I must act as Uraula March, without refer once to any one. I do not think, moreover, that any man would think the less of any one he cared for for doing what she thought right. It is. right for me to earn money if I can. I wrish to do it, and this has come to me, as it were, from a friend. Be sides, I have promised, and I mean to keep my word." " Does Lady Sidney know anything of your relations with Lord Leigh 2" "You forget, John, nobody knows. He most know it is far better now that I made that condition; it makes things so much easier." John did not think so. It seemed to him the whole situation was wrong, although no doubt it had been of Ursula's own making. Her will had governed everything;: there was, atrickly speaking, no one to blame. Nevertheleeass John Warner felt irritated and sore. More so than did his mother. To her, by a little fiction, born of Ursula's tenderness, this absence had been re presented as a visit, and was very gratifying to the old lady, who for the rest had found her vocation in nursing her sick son ; it filled up the blank in her heart, which had been dull and void since her husband's death. On the whole, good rather than evil accrued from Ursula's plan. Money was the least thing gained, although that, as may be supposed, was a tangible benefit. Ursula was just the woman to like the occupation she was engaged in; it supplied the lack of many things which, in her narrow, humdrum mode of life, were wanting, and gave her refinement, sympathy, and association with people of her own kind. Ureula remained in the country three months, and then came up to town with the Sidneye. Her labors, sucnb as they were, still continued, but she could come to Paragon Row as often as she liked. One Sunday Lady Blanche came with her, and stayed to tea, winning all hearts by her sweet, gentle ways. " Ursula," Mrs. Warner said, " that child as you call her is like a lover to yOU." Ureula smiled. " Well II think I am better, and certainly safer than a lover would be for her-at least, just yet. Now, John, don't laugh. Girls very often choose their 'first loves' among women. What do you think of Lady BlanohoP" "I think she is a pretty, engaging creature. She is like you, Ursula." "Like me I Sweet seventeen and twenty.nine I Dear, dear, she makes me feel quite an old woman," and then she grew grave. Little Lady Blanche, as Mrs. War her called her, came very often after that Sunday to Paragon Row. She was the kindest.hearted of girls; and having found out that Mrs. Warner loved flowere, and the invalid liked grapes and such delicacies, she never came without a good supply of both. She would bring her pony carriage, too, and while she sat and talked to Ursula, John would send the old lady and Charley for a drive. There was no pride nor an atom of selfishness in the nature of the young heiress. "I only trust she won't get spoiled," Ursula said one day. " She has been brought up like a nun almost; she is as simple, as innooont as a dove, as sweet as a flower. I want to keep her silver wings and lot nothing soil the lovely, white-looking loeaves.'" " You never can; her lot is east in the world. h8be will have to face it." " I fool that, and I do not wish to keep her from it. I am trying to make her strong for her perilous posi tion- safe and worthy of it. I want-----" "To do her good ?" John said these words laughing. Had ho thought they would have pained Ursula so deeply, he would have out out his tongue sooner. Her face was contracted, her lips quivered with pain as oho answered: "Do not remind me of that? I shall never say those words again." John spoke quickly: " Perhaps it's safest not said; but you nod hlave no regrets. One like you lhas only to live to do good." " Thank you, John." Her eyes were full of tears as she went away silently. That very day sheo got a letter; they did not come with their former regularity. Correspondenon seemed a little diflioult to Lord Loigh now that he lhad left the plaius of Lobanon, and was onoo more in civilised Europo. Men who are anoustomed to take the sweetoness of life in short gulps during the intervals of businese or aamiition never understand how much letters are in the opinion of women; how they fret at the implied forgetful lioss; how they pine for the sight bf a loved handwriting. A letter to a woman is often more than ncaress; doarer than an aotnal living presence. CIAI~TER V, Auother winter passed; anothee autumn oame. In ther autumn. Mr, Warnr would have boon dead two years. Ursula aInid aside her black gown her stop grew lighter, her looks brighltened, for of late oven, Jolhn could not shut his eyes to the fact that his loveo had grown a little faded not to him-fadad or chanuged, .no woman's faoo could over hold any beauty for him save heoros ;.but beside the freshl bloom, the girlishl grace of her young pupil, there was no gain. saying that Ursla hlad passed her first youth, and the time was at hand for her lover's return, It was then that ,lohn reooeived a letter from Lord Loigh. It stated his extreme regret at oiroumstanoos of Swhich Miss March was already awarer -ho had written by the came post o. her- prevented his immediate return to England, and that hle must leave in Mrs. Warner's behands for a few months longer "his greatest tresa Bore." John gave the letter to Ursula; shae returned it withont a word; her time was just then occupied. Lady Blanche was going abroad-to Switzerland they thought. Both Lord and Lady Sidney were most anxious for Ursula to go with them. John urged it also, but she shrank from the proposal. "I couldn't," she said, "No, no, I am only fit for quiet and home." And then when Lady Blanche was gone she seemed to turn more than ever to what, in spite of its narrow ness was, " home." "She liked its peace," she said. She would sit for hours, her large, weary eyes fixed upon some homely bit of work, or listening to John read ing aloud. Day by day her cheek grew less round; day by day the lines which mark the coming of age deepened. One day stooping her well-set head as she sat, she said, " See, John I" and shewed him the white threads, too many to count, which lay under. neath her dark hair. John could not have defined the feeling it gave him; bat as his faithful chronicler I am bound to confess, it was not altogether pain. Even the beet men have a very good sizcd grain ol selfishness in their hearts. A few months had been the date fixed fortLord Leigh's return; but his usual indefinite manner of fixing a date was not belied in this instance. November,December, January, Feb. mary, Maroh. His letters came with their unual fluctuating irregularity and then they senddenly ceased. Spring had come. This season is pleasant in early youth ; thoe promise of life is analogous to the coming summer itself; but it seems as more or loss painful as years aeccumulate, and that promise, has never either come, or if it has, has proved itself, as it often does, a dela. sion. The return of spring is to many intensely painful. Walking by Ursula's side along the road, or taking her across the park on a fine May morning, John would see on his cousin's face an expression which went to his heboart. Alasl I in this world we must often see those we love suffer and be power. less to help them. 'Not that Ursula ever complained. Sometimes a knock coming end. denly would make her start and tremble, and when she went out she left always a message, "I sheall be back at snuch a time." When she came home she always asked, " has anybody been P" No, there never was anyone; and Ureula would go to her room wearily coming down again with her bonnet off, her hair smooth, her face quiet, ready to talk, or read, or sing as the invalid liked best. All this time things had been wend. ing slowly, the hundred pounds which had come so opportunely through Ursiula's means had more than covered ChObarley's expenses, and now a dawn of light which promised to be permanent had come. Tbohe head of the firm where John had been for the last two years had watched the young man steadily. He was a wealthy man and childless, aend he could afford to do eccentrio generous nots. One day he sent for Mr. Werner; it was to make him the handsome offer of taking him as junior partner. "It will give me an income of quite sir hundred a year," John said, telling his good luck to his mother and Ursula, "and now we can go and live in the country. We must lookl about for a pretty cottage." "Where we shall have banks of violets," Ursula said, with something of her old manner of associating with the fortunes of her cousin. That was a red-letter day. John and his mother sat talking till it grow late and then he took from his pooket two tickets. " Ursula," he said,." as I was pass ing Drury-lano I saw that they are giving IThe Meister Singeri to-night. That is the opera Lady Blanche wrote to you about; would you not care to hear it ?" Ursuanla's ayes brightened. " Dear, good John I" she said, " so this is your first extravagance." They were very happy .that night, although they went in an omnibus, John espeooially, as he walked along through the gaslit streets, her hand upon his arm, her voice talking at his side,, fooling grateful to Providence that even for a little while he had her to himself to attend upon her and make her happy if he could. John had taken his seats in the ten- and.sixpenny gallery, or baloony as it is called, and from there he could soa when he stood up the grand folk in the stall and boxes. Ursula never oared to look; she was abhiorbud in the delioiouns melody, touchedl by the simple story, and once or twice, although he was not con esiouo of it,. her eyes rested upon Johu's plain, sensible face with tondernese. He was quite as unselfish as Hans Baoho, she thought, to the full as noblle in every respect. John, seeing her thus absorbed, was quite happy. Not being a musician, to him the involved chords and mysterious wind ings in and out, which are the pride and glory of the Wagner school, were simply unpleasant discord; but that did not matter, provided Ursaula was pleased, Beyond the one remark that in his opinion one of her ballade was worth the whole thing, lhe madeo no protost, but amused himoolf looklting about hium. At that moment Lord Loigh was ans far from his thoughts as if he had never beeoon in oxistence. It was tlhoerforo likel sooing a ghost rise up from tho.deadl and con. front him when suddenly, in a box upon the grand tier, he saw a young man some in and seat himself be. tweon two ladies-the height, the movement of the head, the movement of the hands, all so likeo--conuld it he Lord Loigh l Impossible, ' Herer, in Enland I Going 'tb the operas with ladies, and Ursula Marheb, his promised wife, knowing nothing of it, the womanu whom he had called his best treasure ? Determined to make saure that there was no mistake, and hiring an opera glass, he took stock of the occu pants of the box. Then he saw clearly that it was Lord Leigh, and that his companions were his mother and Lady Blanche Siduey. Then he retnurned to Ursula, and sitting down beside her without a word or sign placed himself so that she could not see beyond him. He need not have troubled himself, for she never gave a thought to the occupants of the house. Once only she looked up to say: "Ob, John I I have had such a happy evening." This decided him. Not for anything you could give him would he have marred by a cloud this hour which was at all events hers and his. When the opera was over he took her out quickly through the press. (To be continued.) 