The Rev. Canon Tucker. be dealt wita,C|^$s. embered that Nra^vfche x&ttffi; Somb clergymen lead their lives in the pulpit and the study, and others in the crowded world and the back slums of humanity. John Henry Newman once declared that he really did not know whether or not there were too many public houses for the population of Great Britain. Henry Edward Manning, when asked for ad- rice by a well disposed young man of active temperament, told him to take orders and go amongst the poor and the ignorant. Here were some of the clerical antipodes. None of us are organised exactly alike. Our talents and temparements differ like our faces and figure# perhaps, only by a shade-and it is our duty to develope, and turn to the best account, the materials ?within us capable of benefitting ourselves and those around us. Canon Tucker is one of the clergymen who devote attention to the whole man-body and soul and who apprehend that hungry nc.en are liable to give their first efforts to carnal things, and, whenrthj secured in, at all events, a moderate, depute. turn to the spiritual things. The tendon oy.ma wrong-from the Christian point ctt^jS^wit is^-but human nature must and it should be remembered titude followed Christ into the desert, fos^jjfr^&Mijed; a wondrous miracle in order to supply their tex^no)^ wants. It is impossible to separate the spiritual' from the carnal man. Body and soul mako up the individual, and you must take him with his united parts. To offer a hungry man a Bible is very much like giving him a stone. If you hand him a prayer book and a pound of mutton chops, he is likely to turn to one when he has disposed of the other. The author of the village settlements knew well what the ordinary type of human nature is. But some people have asked,"what can Canon Tucker knmv about settlemeht on the lands or the formation of new republics P Anyone who has ever asked the question will never repeat it|]when he has read, to thereffd, this biography". ' # (iTii£ Be v." Horace Finn Tucker was born in 1849 at Cambridge, England, but in early childhood was taken to Cheshire, where his father became vicar of Holy Trinity Church, Northwich. It was in Cheshire-famous for its cats and cheese-that Canon Tucker was brought up. His parents, however, were Kent people, and, from time to time, he spent a holiday with his uncle in the locality where the celebrated Southdown sheep come from. Mr. Tucker received his early education at the Gram mar school, Witton, and in 1861, when he was only twelve years of age, came with his parents to Australia. Archdeacon Tucker, and Mrs. Tucker, Benior, are still, happily, living, and resident in this colony. For many years, Canon Tucker's father was Archdeacon of Wangaratta and Beech- worth, in the diocese of Melbourne, when it was coincident with the colony of Victoria; that is to say, before the diocese of Ballarat was created. Archdeacon Tucker is a cousin by marriage of Dr. Westcott, the present Bishop of Durham. # # * The family sailed from England on February 31, 1861, the very day on which a storm blow down a wing of the Crystal Palace, and soon aftor the wrock of the Royal Charter, off theJicoast of'Anglesoa, and of the Dunbar, in the gap near Sydney Heado. The Nimrod experienced some rough weather on tho way southward, and had a boat carried away,'which was afterwards picked up somewhere. So, whon tho vessel's arrival was not being announced in duo course, grave fears, not quite unfounded, were felt regarding her safety. She, however, arrived safe, though late, in Sydney Harbour. Amongst Canon Tucker's fellow-passengers by the Nimrod, was His Honor Judge Backhouse, of Jthe Now South Wales District Court Bench, present Vice-Chancellor of Sydney University. Judge Backhouse, like Canon Tucker, was then a youth accompanying his parents to Australia. # * * Canon Tucker was sent, in 1862, to the well-known Kings' school, at Parramatta, perhaps the oldest grammar school in the|Australasian colonies, having been founded in January, 1832. There he had for fellow-students a large number of boys belonging 'j to well-known New South Wales families, and many of whom hav* themselves since risen to eminence.. There were the Wants and Blaxlands, the Waddys,. and Bartons, and members of other families well' known during the century in the mother colony. A marble bust of one of the Blaxlands now occupies a pedestal in the Legislative Council Chamber at Sydney. Amongst Canon Tucker's schoolfellows at the Parramatta College, were Mr. J.H. (Jack) Want, Q.C., the present Attorney General of New South Wales, and Mr. Edmund!"(Toby) Barton, Q.C., Attorney General in the late Dibbs Ministry. The head master of the King's school, in Canon Tucker's time was the Rev. F. Armytage. Last year, the present head master, the Rev. Dr. Harris, invited Canon Tucker, as an "old boy," to preach in the college chapel. He did so} and was struck by the number of names then represented in the establish ment, with whioh he was acquainted thirty two years before. These wore the sons, and even grand sons of his own old schoolfellows! # # # Young Tucker acquired a liking for bush life, and after leaving school, went to live on a property leased by his brother at Edensor Park, near Liverpool. New South Wales. There he broke in Jtjjorses and broke his arm; did cattle and sheep ring, and once or twice brought a mob of a Sforiar ed wild unbroken horses from Goulburn to LvPer^ool. In fact, during his few years stay at JjjAjjnffor Park, he acquired a thorough bush ex -jferj^nce, Tjhich proved to him of the utmost practical -value when, years afteiwards, he became a bush clergyman, and, later still, the author of village settlements. # # # Next, Mr. Tucker had a taste of law, as adminis tered at the police court. In 1866, he became clerk to his friend Mr. William Langley, who was clerk of Petty Sessions at Parramatta; and this engagement served as a good preparation for his next employ ment, which was in the Civil Service of New South Wales. Mr. Tucker was appointed by the Hon. Joseph Docker, the Postmaster-General in the second Martin Administration, clerk in the correspondence branch of the General Post Office at Sydney, and this post he held for a couple of years-1867-8. His Honour Judge Docker, of the New South Wales District Court, son of the former Postmaster-General, married Canon Tucker's sister. # # # All this time, Mr. Tucker kept reading for the church, which he had already hoped to be his destiny in life. # # * Having left the Government service, he became tutor to the three sons of the venerable Archdeacon King, who is still living in the New South Wales capital, Mr. Tucker's pupils passed eventually to Cambridge University. One of them, the Rev. Copeland King, is now a missionary in New Guinea. # # * In 1869, his father the Rev. Dr. Tucker, who had come to Australia as representative of the British and Foreign Bible Society, resigned that position and accepted the dignity of Archdeacon of Beech worth and Sale in the diocese of Melbourne. His son, Mr. H. F. Tucker, followed him to Victoria, and became tutor to the five sons of Mr. Webb Ware, in the Western District. One of these boys is now Mr. C. W. Ware, a member of the Victorian bar; another is a squatter in the Riverina district; a third is an engineer in India; and two others are in England. During a further stay in the Western dis trict Mr. Tucker had a good insight into country life in Victoria, but a much more ample experience of the Victorian bush was yet in store for him. * * # He was always fond of walking; and on one occasion, at vacation time, he started from St. James's Parsonage, Little Collins-street, Melbourne, and walked across the colony to the Murray! This was the " Schoolmaster (or tutor) abroad" with a vengeance! Before starting, Mr. Tucker got into a bush outfit, bought at the old Beehive store, in Bourke-street-a blue smock, moleskin trousers and a wide-a-wake hat. These he daubed over judiciously to give the appearance of wear and work, and, with iwag on back, he started across the colony, campiDg here and there with all sorts and conditions of men Belgians, Germans, Scotch, English, Irish and " chumming" with them all. The trip from the Yarra to the Murray occupied five days, and wheii Mr. Tucker reached his parent's home at Wan garatta, his own mother failed to recognise him, and warned him off the premises! * * * Just at this time, Archdeacon Tucker was about to make a tour of his archdeaconry on church business, and it was arranged that his son Horace should accompany him. They started on horseback with pack-horses from Beechwarth; went on to Bright, through Harrietville, and over the ridge of the Australian Alps. Up in the mountains, where fourteen feet of snow bad recently lain they halted at "Mother" Morrell's where they slept on wooden shelves or " bunks," and paid .£1 a-night each for the care of their horses. Mother Morrell it may be explained, was an outlaw, who lived alone away tip in the Alps, far from civilization and the authorities; and her hospice was well-known and deeply appreciated by travellers in those mountainous regions. The Archdeacon and his companion pursued the journey to Salo, and on return to Walhalla. The last-named is a remarkable place. It is 120 miles nearly due East of Melbourne, on Stringer's Creek, in a valley enclosed by two steep precipices. The narrow space between the foot of the hills is fully occupied by the Creek and the houses of the township, and when question was discussed where an Anglican GhUiS^ could be built, it was found that a spot could made, by blasting a ledge of rock. A site waVtfflus* manufactured, and a church built, which stance Vjn the spot at the present day. While at Wal\all*a; Archdeacon Tucker and the future Can on descended the Long Tunnel mine, from which, during the twenty three first'years of its existence, 18 tons 8 cwts of gold was raised. From Walhalla, the Archdeacon and his son pushed on, in a North-westerly direction to Woodspoint, Jamieson, through the Kelly country and home to Wangaratta. Having left his father safe in the parsonage at Wangaratta, Mr. H. P. Tucker rode back to Melbourne after a month of uncommon adventure and experience in some of the least populated parts of the colony. It is said, by the bye, that the late Sir William Foster Stawell was the "first man" of any social position to make the journey across the Australian Alps achieved by Archdeacon Tucker and his son. * * * At a future occasion Mr. Tucker went through the three years Arts course at the Melbourne University. At his first examination, the officer in charge of his room was Mr. John Madden, B.A., who is now Acting Governor of Victoria! The years 1869-70, Mr. Tucker spent as a student at the Church of England Theological establishment, Moore College, Liverpool, New South Wales, preparing for the Ministry; the President at that time being the Venerable Archdeacon King, the father of his former pupils and the present Archdeacon «f Sydney one of his fellow students. Having finished his studies at Moore College, Mr. Tucker started to walk from Sydney to Melbourne. He got as far as Gunning, 165 miles south-west of Sydney, and there unexpect edly met a friend from England, who induced him to abandon his pedestrian enterprize. The friend bought two horses and a tent, and then, joined by his friend, Mr. Tucker, on horseback, resumed and concluded the journey to Melbourne. They shot, fished and bathed on the way, and altogether had a pleasant and adventurous time the rest of the journey. * # # In the year 1870, at 23 years of age, Mr. Tucker was ordained deacon at St. James' Cathedral, Mel bourne, by the late Bishop Perry. The sermon on the occasion was preached by the Rev. Canon Goodman, the examining chaplain to the Bishop, and amongst those who were ordained on the same occasion were the late Rev. C. M. Yelland, of St. Saviour's, Collingwood, and the Rev. G. I. Arm strong, now of St. Luke's, North Fitzroy. A year later, during the absence of Dr. Perry, in Europe, Mr. Tucker was ordained priest at St. David's Cathedral, Hobart, by Dr. C. H. Bromby, then Bishop of Tasmania. p * * * anon Tucker's first appointment was as curate to the Rev. W. R. Croxton, at All Saints' Church, Bendigo, where he remained a year. This, however, was one of the most important years of his life. r- Tucker. in that year, married a aughter of Mr. W. A. Brodribbj formerly member of the Victorian Assembly, for Brighton, and after wards a member of the Legislative Council of New South Wales. And apropos of family connections, it may be mentioned here that Dr. Green, the recently consecrated Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, New South Wales, is married to a sister of Canon Tucker's. # # # Mr. Tucker's next appointment was Incumbent of St. Mary's, Kangaroo Flat, four miles outside Bendigo. Canon Tucker had the singular fortune at another time to conduot services in the Devil's Kitchen, as well as in the Happy Valley and at the Golden Lake; besides at the places bearing the picturesque names of Bull Dog and Derwent Jack's. On one occasion when about to conduct service in the Mechanics' Institute of a small town in this district, Canon Tuoker was mistaken for a spirit from the other world! It fell out thus: The Canon vested in a little room at the end of a dark passage, and having put on his long white surplice emerged into the dismal liall on his way to the room where the congregation awaited him. He came across some children who had never before seen a surpliced parson, and ran terrified to their parents -they had seen a ghost! *. * # i'rorrw^thq^ypar 1875 till 1880 Canon Tucker of the Cam from Bendigo to ^chuoa,^ndf from Swan Hill to Shepparton, and -cOvar^d^ area of 150 miles by 60 miles. The last 'Eiind^ct had brought a great number of selectors into that quarter of the country, and Bi«hop Perry saw that special provision should be made for sup plying the wants of the Church of England popula tion in those parts. In 1875 Mr. Tucker was re quested by the Bishop to visit and report upon the state of religion in the vast district watered by the Loddon, the Campaspe, and the Goul burn. Mr. Tucker made a tour of the dis trict, and found in i^^awj^jopulation of fine men and women, young^iitd mhtefpcitic, seeking to make homes for themsew^/fnd.th^b^^Odren but without a church, any^bei to become the pioneer muffs*' wife and children safe\^^\ewh6'/QAtq^^ up his residence at RunnymS^yXAt. <^he)^©id of five years, there were Ti^u^^ply-^e^e^ted parishes in the district, witnN^gH^aijmters attached ; fourteen new churches had been built ; and services were held in forty two different places. The number of ministers on Mr. Tucker's staff was from ten to fifteen ; and amongst those who graduated in that school of the ministry were the Rev. C. E. Drought, now of Balaclava, the Rev. G. Veal, of Bairnsdale, Gippsland, the Rev. C. E. Thomas, of Clifton Hill, and the Rev. J. H. Drewitt, of Kensington. Bishop Morehouse vi«ited the district once or twice, and rnl ished the insight he acquired of pioneer work. The Deputy - Bishop had a sulky, in which he often travelled 70 or 80 miles a day. One Sunday he would be at Kerang, on the Loddon, and the next Sunday at Murchison, in the Goulburn Valley. In those times he had many adventures by flood and field, and many hair-breath escapes from a violent death. On one occasion, driving a buggy and tandem, he had to cross a lagoon in the neighbourhood of Nagambie. A selector told him that the passage was perfectly safe, as drays had crossed a few hours before. " Keep to the fence, and you'll be all right!" said the farmer. Mr. Tucker drove ahead into the water, carefully hugging the fence, but he had not got very far when his " leader" was swim ming for his life in deep water ! It was dark, and no assistance at hand, so the driver saw there wai nothing to do but struggle forward, and, sink or swim, abide the result. He urged his horses along, and with the water for a time almost up to their necks succeeded in reaching the opposite bank ! The Goul burn river had broken bounds and flowed into the lagoon, which had now in one place 10 feet of water ! Mr. Tucker's little son and the son of the manager of the bank at Rushworth shared this memorable ad venture with the itinerant clergyman. Out in the bush in those years, Canon Tucker held his services in all kinds of available places-in state schools, under gum trees and in public houses ! * » * In 1880, Canon Tucker, when only in his thirty second year, was called from his rural sphere of labour to the important parish of Christ Church, South Yarra. Few, if any, expected liis appointment, for the reason that he had boon buried away in the bush, for years-almost ever since his ordination-and was unknown to the parishioners and to the board with whom the appointment lay. The selection of Mr. Tucker for South Yarra occurred in a curious way. Each member of the board had a nominee of his own, and so a majority of votes could not be obtained for any individual. The Bishop suggested a way out of the difficulty. " Let each member," said he, " write two names on a slip of paper, and whatever name occurs oftenesfc will be selected." This course was followed, and it was found that in every case the first or second name was Mr. Tucker, who had been nominated by the late Ptofessor Hearn. « * # During the eighteen years of Canon Tucker's pastorate of Christ Church, the aisles, chancel, and vestries have been added to the church, and the spire- built on the lines of Salisbury Cathedral has been erected. The church is now able to seat 1,200 persons. In addition to the parish church having been completed, three chapels of-ease or mission rooms have been built in the district, St. Martin's, St. Laurence's, and St. Chad's, where all seats are free. The social life of South Yarra has been focussed at Christ Church by Canon Tucker, who has established a clnb, with gymnasium and billiard-room, for the young men, where a football club meets, and a tradesman's club has its headquarters, and literary, social, and dramatic clubs are also attached to Christ Church, and branches of the Church of England Temperance Society and of the Girl's Friendly Society also exist in the parish. The Canon himself is a Freemason and a Free Gardener. He has also founded in the parish a Poor Fund from which orders for beds (at " Our Lodgings," in Gordon-place) and groceries, &c.;, are given. * # # In 188G the subject of this sketch spent 12 months in Europe. His lecture, "Lions I Have Met," recounts celebrities with whom he came in contact and notable places visited. The Governor presented Mr. Tucker with a purse of 150 sovereigns on the eve of his departure, while his return was signalled by public meetings of welcome. # # # Canon Tucker's great social work has been the foundation of the village settlements; a movement which he commenced by writing a letter to the Argus, which was followed by a meeting of influential citizens. Originally seven settlements were founded, namely, at Jindivick, near Drouin, Gippsland; Red Hill, on the Gippsland. railway, six miles from Jindivick; Wondondah, near Horsham; Moora Moora, in J. the Grampian Ranges, 35 miles from Wondondah j Kilfeera, 12 miles from Benalla, in the North Eastern district; Wormbete, near Geelong; and Horsham No. 2. Three of these settlements are still in full swing and prospering, namely, Kilfeera, Eed Hill and Horsham No. 2 ; and are settled by an aggregate of 48 families. The settlements are wisely managed bv a central and local boards. b J * * # Canon Tucker is a graceful author, in addition to many other things. His Australian romance, The New Arcadia, published early last year, exhaustively illustrates Canon Tucker's views on village settle ments, while supplying an interesting "and exciting story of colonial life. The book has been received with cordial praise in England and the Colonies. . * * In persona-Capon .Tucker is tall and symmetrically built.^ BHsT.'h^id'.is round, and rather bald in front, and .He wjB^rf?'a long«fuir-beard, black as the raven's wing:- An manjiS^ hp1 isu absolutely unaffected and wholly natural - affable/kindly and manly. When .James ^ivthony .Froude wrote his Nemesis of Faith, and spoke of clprgyiafin as " uninteresting," he had not met Canon Tficker. THE council of the Victorian Artists' Society has issued the following circular:-In order to discharge the debt upon the galleries of the Victorian Artists' Society, it has been decided to hold a Carnival Bazaar and Art Union, early in October of the present year. A meeting of ladies and gentlemen, to consider and support this scheme, will be held in the Town Hall, Melbourne, next Friday afternoon (7th inst.,) at 4 o'clock.-Yours faithfully, George B. Gordon, manager. The matter thus mooted appeals to all those interested in the art-life of Melbourne, and should ensure a widespread and earnest co operation. The Mayor of Melbourne and Lady Snowden, and Lady ? Clarke have granted their patronage to the movement. 