AOTA POPULI. ? „ ? ^^ _____ By The Fianeuh. Tempus anima veil Time is the soul of business. Give a man enough, time and he can move the world, or even solve the Tichbofne mystery. Give a woman plenty of time and a hairpin, and there is nothing in the heavens above, or the earth beneath, or the waters under the earth that she cannot successfully perform. Only the other day a Melbourne woman attempted to commit suicide by poking an umbrella down her throat! Just think oi tne worm ox invention- ana the proiouna genius for adapting herself to circumstances possessed by a woman like that. Certainly she did not succeed, but that was simply because she was not allowed the necessary time to do so. She managed to get about a foot of the gingham down her throat, but her friends hauled it out before she had time to open it. To the Great Statesmen of this colony (hats off, please) time appears to be all that they really want — excepting, perhaps, common sense and ability — in order to perform deeds of governing calculated to stand the world on end with admiration and amazement. Unfortunately — or probably very fortunately— they never seem to get the necessary time for great administrative action ; all thoir attention being required to keeping a tight hold, on their seats and drawing their pay with a degree of carefulness worthy of a better cause. Selfpre servation is the' first — possibly , the only— -law a modern statesman knows. ,;. .....,.-. ' Give me time,' shouted Sir Henry Parkes, 'and I will do such wondrous works. that, when compared with my glory, the star of;:the great Napoleon will seem as but.a farthing rushlight in the full glare of the noonday sun.' Then he was knocked out over the 37fch clause of the Bathurst Burr Bill, or some other equally important measure* and his fame never grew any brighter than the slush-lamp in a shearer's hut. ' Give me time,' thundered Sir George Dtbbs, 'and I will raise New South Wales to the proud position of one of. the foremost nations on the face of the earth to-day.' And then, as he has since sorrowfully explained, 'the Throne sneaked up behind my good and pure Government, caught it by the Bcrufr of its neck and the slack of its pants, and smathered it into smither eens on the floor of the House.' 'Where was our shrewd friend Slattery then that he didn't grab the inrone by its oustie ana ?? oun ana noist it over South Head? Probably he was tired saving the Government from itself; certainly it was his engi neering that kept it alive until that dark hour when the Throne (meaning the widow Guelph, I presume) rolled up its sleeves and biffed it out with a bang that shook the four. corners of the earth and thereby caused all the provokingly inclement weather1 we have had of late. : To-day we find Premier lloicl asking for time also. ' Give mo but twelve months more,' ex claims the doughty George, ' and then you shall see what you shall see— providing 'you 'use the proper kind of eye-glass.' ' At Kiama,' continues the Fat Little Man in power, ' a certain once - respected politician asked — ' Where is the man in England to replace Gladstone '? ? Where is the man to replace Salisbury r ' But what the cunning old stager meant to ask all the time' was, ' Where is the man in New South Wales that can replace Sir Henry Parkes ?'' Echo answers, 'George lleid's the man ! That's the chap to savo the country ! All he wants is time,and-an occasional picnic trip to Hobart, or a game of kiss-in-the-ring with the. butter-bashing belles of Bomiderry.' ... Monoy is the body of business, just, as time is the soul, and the most successful statesman is the man who can raise the greatest amount of money and share it amongst the people— after* he has had, his own big whack from the pile, of course. Apparently money can be raised by taxation only, and therefore the great trouble is to know what is the -best thing to tax. Some think we should put a poll tax on bachelors, others think we should tax cats, and I rather lean to the latter opinion myself. Some years ago the Austrian Government finding itself in a tight place for funds hit on the happy thought of taxing everything without either feav or -favour. Bachelors, bicycles, old maids, parrots, polonies, everything possible seemed to be taxed, when suddenly a colossal intellect from the country rose and drew tho attention, of the Finance Minister tq the fact thM He bad. forgotten to tax cats, ? In a ? learned arfd able reportthe wise man from the woods pointed out:'that the horse, the' asVthe goat, the hog, the chicken, the dog, all contributed thoir mites to keep the State going; the cat alone was a parasite, paying nothing to anyone and prey ing upon everyone, .v It even led a sort of Jekyll and-IIyde, or double existence, devoting its .days to . civilization and its nights to barbarism,, and yet it was allowed to go scot free. 'Why,' demanded the great financier from away-back— 'why should a Christian State perpetuate this relic of Egyptian'''' idolatry ? Has a cat ever been known to perform a good act ? ' Certainly not. The cat is a born thief, a professional robber of boardihg-house pantries ;'-it sp3nds the daytime in sinful sloth, and at night it ' murders sleep by means of moonlight concerts hideous enough to raise the hair: on one of the mummied Pharoahs. '' Arid this is' the' holy; in- ' violable tax-free idol of a modern Christian State!' The end of that trouble was that the cat became a taxable being and Austria was thereby enabled. to hold her place amongst the Great Powers of Europe. This is a very old trouble, of course, for wise as Solomon was-.he; managed to land,his country into an insolvent statp, although he had the people taxed to such an extent that at his death they swore they would no longer bear the burden. They didn't either, for when Solomon's- son,. Roboam,. sent Adurarn, who was over the Treasury in those days, to collect the taxes, the people flattened him out with stones and he died, and the King, hearing of it exclaimed, ' Lo, this isn't good enough for me ! ' and so he cleared out and let the people manage for themselves— a very good precedent for many other rulers to act upon to-day. In' the reign of George III. thp tax trouble gave rise to a smart satire called the Parliament of Beasts, in which it Wcis stated that when the King Lion asked for supplies he was informed by his Minister- that these could not be procured except by means of taxation ; but ' what to tax was a per plexing affair, for certainly it could be neither hides nor hair.' The sleek and respectable Capitalistic member of the time, the Tiger, proposed that a tax should belaid on vices generally, and each animal should be empowed to fix the amount to be levied on his neighbour. To this the ponderous Labour member, the Elephant, objected with a thundering 'No' for a shorter, surer way to go was to place a . tax on — The virtues, ana let each declaro His stock nf them, 'tis but fair, And you shall find, or I'm a duuee, ; , The Exchequer will be filled at onco, A capital suggestion, indeed, and one which if acted on by our rulers to-day would settle all our financial troubles in one act. Let Parkes, for ex ample, name all the virtues he considers he possesses and state what he considers to be their total worth ; then put an ad. valorem tax upon the lot, and the whole colony's deficit will be wiped out straight away — providing the cheque is not returned dis figured with the-omiuious stamp of ' N.- S. F.' or 'liefer to drawer.'. These things are worthy of seri ous attention to-day, for, casting my prophetic visit n over the near political future, I can plainly see that unless something extraordinary.occurs Parkest-will be in power again before, the; New ; Year has half run its troubled course. . ,..;,,.; Little Buttercup, in ' Pinafore,1' mourns that. ' things are not what they, seem, ; skim-milk mas querades as cream.' That was bad enough ? in its way, but things are far worse to-day, for according to recent disclosures creosote masquerades as Irish whisky, and providing a publican can secure **- plentiful supply of potato peelings and the proper kind of still a bottle of Mar tell' s brandy will last as long as ever the label holds on. This is not all the trouble either, for the Government Analyst on b .ing a3ked for his opinion on the subject remarked that some of the grog now sold was likely to have a maddening effect on its drinkers, but most ot it was ' dictorcd '' with nothing but 'plenty of water, the (?nly effect being to make the drink unduly weak.' 'The ' only effect !' Great Bacchus !' Could' any more disastrous effect be conceived than the horror of the steady tippler .who for the .first time learns . that he has been paying his good money aw.ayibr the privilege ol drinkingstuff that was mostly water ? \- When a man .pays' for Avhisky he expects to get whisky.- -When- a man wants water.— but .-,. that, is, a, foolish consideration, for what man, can ever want water while the Aveather. fiend ' Wet' Wragge is allowed to carry on in' the. infamous style he has' been playing up oE late ? There is a tale told of a : German publican ..who, by the way of pushing' trade, remarked to a desperate-looking customer, , ' Dot's goot -whisky, mein friendt. No man will go ; \ home and lick his poorwife alretty py drinkin' dot whisky;' Possibly it svas some of the watered' rubbish, . but anyway Herr Bung made a big mis take, for the disgusted customer said, 'Put it back again. When a man has a wife that has pawned his pipe and sold the goat1 so as to be able to buy hersol. a mouse- trap bonnet and tan-coloured shoes, it's the other stuff he wants to enable him to whale ' her back to reason.' ; , ; : So much for the!-water-poisoned whisky, and apropos to the' other stuff,' we have the story told of a crushed tragedian . from Poverty Point, wlio, strolled into a. sixpenny bar and called for a glass o. ,; Henneasy's best./ Tile barmaid helped him ; and then, being reasonably suspicious of his mildewed appearance,, sharply said, ' Just pay for that before you drink it, will you?' The poor player looked up with astonishment and stammered, 'W-w what's . that.you say?' ' Ju3t pay for tint brandy before you. drink it,' ' ' repeated the doubtful Hebe. And ; then the actor, leaning across the counter, whis pered in wild alarm, 'Look here, Miss, you don't '''mean to.say it is so immediately fatal in its effect as that, do .you r' Some persons might think the ?tragedian was needlessly alarmed, but when we read that Henriessy's brandy costs 5s a bott'e in London, and stuff purporting to be Hennessy's brandy is . ;spld here, at one-third of that price, it is very evi dent that a good thing for a man to do is to make his owiv tipple, or better still, stop tippling altogether. , Spirits of all kinds seem to be in a shady state just at present, and I fear Mrs. Meilon's ' lower ? limbs'' must still be on the ' shrink,' for nothing is , now hpard of that wonderful test seance which was . to prove to the world that the Mellon brand of spirits was the only genuine 3 -star in existence. Spook-raising has grown to be something of a ' derned nuisance, for everyone seems able to. call spirits from the vasty deep, and one thinks no more of running up against a ghost now than he does 6f meeting a parson weeping over the fact that the. men in hisparish won't come to church., '' '. . In spite of all exposures, however, some persons still hang on to the spiritualistic craze, and one of these is— or rather was, until a few days ago— a man who, being the father of five boys, has a wild desire to make a change in his domestic programme, and brighten his home by the introduction of a few girls. An important event being expected in the family line, this worthy man actually went to a pro , ?? Sessional medium in this city, paid his money, like -;the fool he was, and returned home whooping wild ?with joy, for the spirits had informed him that he was to be blessed with a daughter at last. His gaiety didn't last very long, however, for at an un earthly hour next morning, Dr. M ? having ? finished his professional services, walked into the room where the poor male parent was waiting in a state of feverish excitement, and said— 'Old man, you're luck is getting worse than ever. This time it's a, matter of twin boys !' This is a positive fact, and I need scarcely add the daughter-seeking party ?has sworn off ' spirits' for evermore. . ? . . ? v- . The above reminds me that although the New Woman has . graciously consented to still perform ?maternal duties — to a certain extent— she firmly declares that the poor husband must continue to .push the 'pram.' ; that being one of the very few 'things which he was apparently created to per form. There are some sensible women still left, 'however, and one of these is a Mrs. B island, who tyias'evidehtty been reading the back numbers of the iFkEBM.VN, for she. holds with me and other standard . .'Uuthorities on housewifery that the old practical 'rtile-of- thumb, or ' my great-great-grandmother's' 'style of running a household, has passed away, and 'the Wife of the future must wake up and keep in 'step with the onward march of progress. . Amongst other wise words Mrs. Bisiand asks — '?'Why should not schools for girls give courses of Instruction in housewifery — not the mere cooking of chops or dusting of chairs, but instruction as . to 'how houses should be made and furnished and 'their, sanitation assured ; in the chemistry of cook ing, of foods, and of assimilation; in the laws of iphysiology and hygiene, and something about 'fundamental economics, . of which the average ?woman is totally ignorant though she is the spender and distributor of the money the men accumulate ?' ?Many of tho3e words are far too tough -to be' lodged on. the delicate chest of most women, but Mrs. Bisiand means well, and it is just about time her assertive sex understood that the whole art of ''fundamental economics' does not lie in -cutting; the Chow cabbage-hawker down a penny and then ,. .spending a £ on bric-a-brac trash because it is 'fashionable. An anecdote. Tired and hungry, Mr. Newwedd, a fair young bridegroom of three weeks or so, entered his new home and exclaimed, ' How 'is this, my love? . Nothing, in the house to eat-? I gave you money this morning.' 'Yes, darling, ?I know you did,' returned the gushing young wife, .'' but you see, dear, as I was going to the butcher's ? I saw in a shop window one of the most exquisitely ':? charming dinner gongs : you ever saw— they're '?' ? ' -it wfully -fashionable too, you know — and so, although it took all my money, I couldn't resist the 'temptation to buy. it.' . . 'That's . all very well,' :said the disappointed husband, 'but what shall we do for dinner now?' And then the little gem of a nvif e explained, ' Oh, we'll sit up to the table and . 'take it in, turns to ring the. gong !' Some men — some clergymen, in fact, would ring a wife's neck f£or a far lesser piece of foolishness than that. 