PART II. CHAPTER VII.—Current Morality. "Be not righteous overmuch : . . . Be not overmuch wicked, neither be thou foolish."—Solomon. The Colonel looked at his son-in-law for a few seconds, as though he were in doubt how to proceed ; then he said loudly :— " Ah, Stephen Temple, my boy : I came to tell you—came to settle things. This is a very sad state of affairs ; I don't like it, I have said so to Isabella dozens of times. I should like to be alone for a few minutes with you." " Gentlemen," I said, " there is another room at our disposal, if you will be good enough to follow me." " Thank you, thank you, young Daniel, that is Dr. Roberts, and Mr.—Mr. Ilford ; so sorry to trouble you. „ I hope to see you again in a few minutes ; especially do I want to have a chat with Edg cumbe." As it happened, however, neither of us saw the Colonel any more that night; but Stephen told me what had taken place. "I—l came with my daughter's—that is—consent," began the Colonel. " Yes," said Stephen ; " why has she not answered my letters ?" " Oh, young people will be young people. Why, even old fellows like I am get a bit huffy now and then, when we don't get our own way—ha, ha !" and the Colonel laughed uneasily. Stephen did not reply, but waited. "Isabella is a Tempest," went on the Colonel, " and she has a temper ; all the Tempests have, I'm glad of It. Well. Stephen Temple, she didn't like your— nonsense, neither did I. And although my girl is breaking her heart for you, she thinks you haven't treated her well, and her Tempest pride says you must make some—some —that le«rconcessions." " What concessions ?" " Just like a lawyer. Stephen Temple, you nail me right down to one point Well, she only wants you to be reasonable, and—and—you can be now—easily." " Yes ; how ?" " Well, my friend Edgcumbe has weathered the storm, and has brought his ship safely into harbour. Isn't that poetical—eh ? Well, he's a rich man again, to all intents and purposes, and no doubt will give you a good allow ance. After all, I'm almost glad you acted as you did, and I've said since, 'Stephen Temple was wise, after all' ; It wouldn't have been safe to take an allowance then, with all those —those— pesky bankruptcy proceedings pending. But now it's all over. You can have a good allowance again ; and when that Is arranged, you—you can take your wife to your heart once more, and—and be— be happy. Come now. what do you say ?" At first Stephen was staggered by the barefaced audacity of the man ; he could hardly understand how he could talk so. " Am I to understand, then, that if my uncle will, give me a good allowance, Isabella will consent to come back to me ?" " Yes, dear boy. We want to see you happy, both Edgcumbe and I. Edg cumbe promised an allowance when— when we parted some months ago, and I know he is willing to renew his offer now everything is settled. Come now, say yes, and I'll order a bowl of punch on the strength of it." " And is this the only condition on which Isabella will come back to me ?" "Why, of course. You couldn't ex pect Isabella, a Tempest and the wife of a Temple,"—here the Colonel exoanded his chest, —" to go into lodgings and •lave like the daughter of any Dick, Tom, or Harry- No, Stephen Temple. family la family, and blood Is blood. Isabella Tempest Temple Edgcumbe must do nothing unworthy her name ; she must live like a lady wherever she goes. lam a poor man ; but, thank God, I've taught her the righto of a lady." " Which is most worthy the rank of a lady ?" asked Stephen ; "to live In com parative luxury on money to which she has no right, or to live in comparative poverty on money honestly earned ?" " What do you mean ?" asked the Colonel. "What right have I to an allowance from my uncle ?" asked' Stephen. "He has not paid his creditors more than a third of what he owed them." 41 The whole matter has been settled at a court of law ; the law has passed judg ment," replied the Colonel, "and thus Edgcumbe is free." "The law has nothing to do with it. Whatever the law says, he owes this money ; it does not belong to him, but his creditors." "I respect the majesty of the law," replied the Colonel. "True, I don't like these bankruptcy proceedings ; they are —are—well, Infra dig.; but the affair is over ; and what your uncle has now is his own. Come now, Stephen Temple, you want your wife, and your wife wants you. Let us settle things amicably."  J' Id ? want m * wlfe'" «^ "but.if she will come under no other conditions than these, I must remain as I am." , " Do you mean to say you will not take this money V "Certainly not." The Colonel turned purple. "Refuse a thousand a year T' he gasped. "Certainly, if it is not my own, and does not come to me fairly." " You—you blackguard !" he cried. " You marry my daughter, you take her away from home, then you discard her." " I don't," replied Stephen ; " I will only too gladly welcome her back, if she will come as a wife should." "A Tempest come back to lodgings such as you can give her !" shouted the Colonel ; " never ! A pretty sense of honour you've got, to marry a wife and then expect her father to keep her." "You know it is a lie," said Stephen. " Ever since she left, I have sent her, as you know, every farthing I could scrape together." " A paltry trifle !" " It was all I had," said Stephen ; "and certainly not too small a sum for you to accept. Come, Colonel, don't make me think worse of you than I think already. Have some sense of honour !" " You say this to me !" gasped the Colonel ; " but you shall suffer for It. But I'll no longer breathe such polluted air." A little later Stephen called us back again, and I knew from his pale, blanched face how keenly he had been suffering. He never said anything that night, however, and shortly after both his uncle and llford took their leave. " Look here, Stephen," said Ilford, be fore they left; " don't make your life more mistrable than you can help. Make the best of this dirty world, my lad. Go into society, and drink what plea sures it has. Give up these foolish ideals of yours, accept facts, and make the best of them." " Thank you," said Stephen ; and then he held out his hand to his uncle. "I shall give you no advice," said Luke ; ". you know what I think, and what I will gladly do for you ;" and I couldn't help seeing a look of real affec tion shining out of the cynic's eyes. For some time after this I thought I saw a slight change for the better in my friend. That is, he looked happier. He seemed to forget his dark, gloomy forebodings, and was more like his old self. During the time I had lived in Bat tersea, I had become acquainted with several well-to-do families Uving at Wandsworth Common, and I was often invited to houses at Clapbam Common. I had spoken about Stephen to people I knew and had so interested them in him that on one of two occasions when they had Invited me to their houses, an invitation had also come for my friend. Up to this time he had refused them ; but when one day—about a fort night after his uncle's visit—l showed him a letter, containing an invitation to a gathering at a house at Clapham Common both for myself and him, he told me he would be very glad to accom pany me. ""Accordingly," oiTtne' evening in "ques tion, we started for Clapham Common. On our way I called to see a patient who lived in one of the streets at the back of Queens-road. She was an old woman nearly 70 years of age, and was troubled a great deal with bronchitis. Although the spring was now advancing. It was very cold, and I had told her that if she expected to get better, good fires were essential. When we entered the room which she occupied—for Stephen went with me—we found her sitting be side the ghost of a fire, having sold, as she told me, an article of furniture to buy coals. " I was 'bliged to do it," she explained, "and 'twas 'ard ; you see, 'twas bought by my 'usband afore cc died. Poor Bill, cc didn' think 'twould come to this ! But I'm a-goin' to start to-morrow, I am. Two of my old customers hey kept some things for me ; so now, please God, I'll rub on all right till next winter." " What do you do for a living ?" asked Stephen. " I'm a laundress," replied the woman. " Ye see, I'm not strong enough to go out a-charin' like I used to, and I takes 'ome the washin', and I does it as I'm able. I've got a good bit behind wi' my rent while I've bin poorly, and you know washin' is bad for the bronchitis. Ye see, what with the steam, and the heat indoors, and then a-takln' back the things in the cold, 'tis ter'ble tryin', ter*ble ; but summer is comin' on now^so I don't mind." " And how much do you owe for rent ?" asked Stephen. " I owe four weeks," replied the old woman, " and that at five shillin* a week do make a pound." " And how much can you earn when you are in full work ?" " Oh, sometimes I make as much as twelve shillin', but it do seldom get to more't ten." " Then how will you manage to pay your back rent ?" " Oh, I'll have to do it by littles, I will. My landlord hey bin patient with me, 'cause I've bin 'ere so long, and paid so reg'lar. I can do all right in the sum mer. It's the winter I dread so." " And how old are you ?" " I were sixty-nine last Christmas. You sec, I'm not so spry as I was, and my joints ache a goodish bit : but I'm a goin' to try and keep out of the big house as long as I can." "A moat respectable* deserving old woman," I said to Stephen when we left the house a few minutes later. " Sober and industrious." " Are there many like her ?" he asked. " Oh, yes, many. Battersea is crowded with laundry people." "And are they all as badly off ac she ?" " Most old people are worse. Tou see, she's sober and saving." " Saving !" he exclaimed. " God have mercy upon them ! It seems to me that those who drink and drown their care are best off." Little more was said about the ques tion just then, and, soon after, we reached the house of Mrs. Augustus Price. This lady's house was exceed ingly popular, and that for many rea sons. First of all, Mrs. Augustus Price was very popular. Mr. Augustus Price, who had been, when in the flesh, an egg and butter merchant, had left her in possession of a considerable amount of money. She had set up an establish ment at Kensington, and tried to be a leader of fashionable society ; but some how she failed. It is true, her money gained her admission to many desirable houses ; but she did not climb to the position she wanted. She therefore re moved to Clapham Common, where, although the people were not so highly connected as those In Kensington, she established herself as a queen of a cer tain order. Mrs. Price, wjho was about 36 years of age, prided herself upon hav ing many unconventional ideas. " I'm original, or I'm nothing," she often said ; and so she sought to maintain her repu tation by making her house a rendez vous for people holding all shades of opinions. And such is the power of gold, accompanied by an amount of beauty, shrewdness, and audacity, that she accomplished what she desired. " I'm a woman of open mind," she said. " What are opinions ? A matter of temperament, education, and asso ciations. All sorts of opinions shall be represented at my house." And, true to her word, all sorts of opinions were represented there. The High Church vicar and the Radical Dis senting parson met there. The Socialist also sat at her table, providing he were sufficiently respectable, as well as the rigid Conservatives. Theosophlsts, athlests, agnostics, frocked curates, and believers In all sorts of New Jerusalems received Mrs. Price's invitations. " Let them be clever, well educated, well dressed, and—respectable," Mrs. Price would say, " and the more curious their opinions the better. They give life interest; they are like a dash of absinthe in bad water." Mrs. Augustus Price's gatherings, then, were of a cosmopolitan nature : and, &B; I expected, when Stephen and I arrived, her house was full of people holding very diverse opinions. Stephen immediately made a good im pression on our hostess. She saw in an instant that he was clever, and his fine, Interesting face, added to what I had said to her concerning him, won her Interest Immediately. " You've been asked In a most uncon ventional way; Mr. Edgoumbe," she said ; " but then I'm an unconventional woman—in fact, I hate what's supposed to be proper. So you'll And people here holding all sorts of views, but mostly they are people of—brains. In fact, whatever else I can dispense with, 1 cannot dispense with—brains. Money I care little about, social position doesn't trouble me, but brains—l adore ! So I try and make my gatherings feasts of reason. There'll be little or no dancing, and that kind of thing ; but conversa tion on art, science, literature, and — religion—all sorts of it, you know." I felt the speech to be loud, and not in the best of taste ; but Mrs. Price was was a fine-looking woman, and she smiled very sweetly on Stephen, who seemed to appreciate her welcome. Certainly there was no restraint at Mrs. Price's house. The people were chatting very freely, and the conversa tion was not of the nature which one too often finds in polite gatherings. So ciety small talk was at a discount. As our hostess had said, the people had brains, and thus music, pictures, politics, and books were discussed with a great deal of cleverness. I was glad, too, to see that my friend was appreciated In, the circle. For my own part I was never a gifted talker, and I wondered why Mrs. Price cared to have me ; but I soon saw that Stephen would become a favourite. Before long I noticed him in earnest conversation with a young lady, whom I cannot de scribe better than by saying she was straw-coloured. Her hair was straw coloured. Including her eyelashes and eye brows, her skin was straw- coloured, the trimmings of her dress were straw coloured—in fact, that was the chief characteristic about her appearance. " I never go into ordinary society during Lent." she said, " and of course we are In the middle of Lent now. I woudn't pro to a theatre or to a dance for the world during Lent, you know, although I adore theatres and dances, os a general thing-. But, of coarse, Mrs. Price's evenings nre different : they are so serious, bo Intellectual, you know, and we talk on all suMerts seriously." "Are you a Catholic ?" " A Catholic, but not a Roman Catho* lie. I belong to the Anglican Church, St Mary Magdalene's, you know. It's delightfully high, of course. I hate low churches." "•And you don't call this going into ordinary society ?" "Oh dear, no. Of course, I wouldn't come here on a Friday ; but even our S\ ir?5 e> **?****• Mr- Cro6B? i 8 here to night, and I believe our vicar, the Rev. Canon Tovely, is coming presently, ao you see I'm quite safe." ,Jl£ h ' ye^' qulte BBfe'" B with a, smile. y*?'*l*, delightful to Bee Buch trust and faith in our spiritual pastors and masters, Mr. Edgcumbe ?" said some one close to him. m St3£*£ n *urned an<* saw a man about 50, with blear eyes and an iron-gray moustache, who had been introduced to him as Mr. Hunter StephenB *"lll ' lndeed-" responded .nV&ffi;? I**1** I,^ m suilty of Buch t"?t and faith myself," laughed the man with t,*f?x '' but. * appreciate it in those who do, especially in Miss Coolie," and he^ bowed to the straw-coloured young « k,1!" 1 a usad rake my«elt" he went on, but perhaps I'll be converted at the eleventh hour—ha, ha !" Before he could reply a loud voice arrested his attention, and it was the voice of a woman. "The great thing needed," she said is that our social laws be reformed. For my own part I'm a Socialist, and l£ ET^?^ 1"* one- Surely it can u \i 12 grnt that three millions of people te" uncertain of the absolute necessities of life, while hereditary land lords revel in wealth they have never earned. *•" htw.*al^ Mr- Hu«ter, " our fair friend, Miss Dart, is at it again." ♦?. * „? iuat been reading reports on the dwellings of the poor, and the condi tion of things is terrible, terrible In the extreme. Seven, eight, and sometimes a doeen people living in one small room. This must be remedied." " What would you suggest ?" asked some one. " Would it not be well if you set an example by spending a few thou sands on model cottages ? You might immortalise yourself at the same time." " No, Indeed," said Miss Dart. " What is wanted, and what lies at the root of the evil, is the fact that the ground land lord is not sufficiently taxed. Nay, I am, after all, dealing superficially. What is wanted is that landlordism shall be de stroyed. Landlords who have a clear right to the land to be compensated, of course." "Miss Dart Is a stockbroker's daughter," said the Rev. Mr. Cross to Stephen ; " she is a Socialist and a Dis senter. Her father made money by being sharper on the Exchange than other people, and by taking advantage of other men's weakness and Ignorance." Dinner was announced, and Stephen sat next to Miss Dart, who seemed pleased at having him for a companion. "Of course you are a Socialist, Mr. Edgcumbe ?" she said questionlngly, after soup had been served. "I hardly know," replied Stephen. "You see, Socialism is a subject with serious Issues. How do you define it ?" " Oh, the land being nationalised ; rail roads, coal mines, gasworks, and all those things made the property of the people ; the House of Lords abolished, and all members of the Comons paid. I should Insist on payment of members, or how can we have proper representation. Mr. Edgcumbe ? Everybody happy, and just a lovely time altogether." "It is a beautiful picture, no doubt/ said Stephen, "only there is the fact of human nature that comes in." " Oh, I trust the people. I'm a friend of the people, and I perfectly dote on the working man, Mr. Edgcumbe—per fectly dote on him. We had one speak ing at the Advance Club last night, and he spoke splendidly. Oh yes, I love the working man ; don't you, Mr. Edg cumbe ?" " I'm afraid I'm behind the times. Miss Dart ; but I'm glad to see you so en thusiastic ;" - and he gave her a look which was not lacking In admiratim. She was certainly rather haaAsome. She was not tall, but well formed, and finely developed. Buxom and healthy rather than graceful, she was still fas cinating. She was handsomely dressed, too, and on her fingers flashed costly rings, while on her neck hung a diamond necklace. " I am glad I have met one so full of sympathy towards the poor. It so hap pens I am Interested In a poor old woman just at present. No doubt you will be able to go and see her ;" and he related the incident which I have described in the early part of this chapter. " No, Mr. Edgcumbe. no." she said ; " that Is not my way of working. For my own part I don't think much of in dividual help. Clothing societies and soup kitchens are mere palliatives ; they don't go to the root of the matter. And nothing can be done until we destroy the present system of things." " And meanwhile the starving must remain starving ?" "Well, you see, we must work in our own way, musn't we, Mr. Edgcumbe ? Of course you are in favour of the aboli tion of capital punishment ?" Stephen shrugged his shoulders ; he was getting a little weary of Miss Dart. Before he could reply, however, his at tention was diverted by a conversation which was being carried on at another part of the table. CHAPTER VIII. Unconventional Society. " The man who worships in the temple of knowledge must carry his arms with him as our Puritan forefathers had to do when they gathered in their first rude meeting-houses." — Oliver Wendell Holmes. " Yes," said a gentleman, who I after wards learnt was a leader-writer for one of the daily papers, and whose voice had attracted Stephen's attention, " there is no doubt about women having their rights. I hope the men will be getting theirs, soon." " Men have always had their rights, but women are being emancipated at last," responded Miss Dart. " Even young girls to-day are taking an interest in serious things." "Taking an interest, my, dear young lady—taking an interest; they are among the most important factors of our times." " And perfectly right." "Oh, doubtless. The world has suffered too long for the want of their experience and influence—far too long. 'But things are mending ; they are taking the place of the old folks altogether. Time was when they were a little patronised. There were books specially written for young girls, and approved by the older folks ; now, as was suggested in a leader in the " Daily " the other day, the young girls ought to sample the libraries and pick out the books not fit for the old folks to read. And really the sugges tion is worth considering. Why should the old folks' morals be endangered by the books which our girls write and read to-day ? Of course the old folks should have such books kept out of their way ; they would endanger their old-fashioned moral codes." " For my part," said Miss Dart, " I do not see why thoughtful women should be tied down to old codes of morality. We must think our own thoughts, and adapt ourselves to the times in which we live. If our codes are higher than those gone before, surely the old ones should die out." " Hear, hear," said a man whom I had not. seen before—a man who Mrs. Price assured me pretended to believe in all creeds, so far as they agreed with his own inclinations, and who prided him self upon being called a latitudlnarian. " I agree with our fair friend, Miss Dart. Every age must work out its own sys tem ; every country must be guided by what it deems best, regardless of tradi tion. Besides, what is the use of gloss ing over matters ? Questions are in the air, and they are talked about, and I know no better place to properly discuss them than in novels. For my part I regar* the realistic school of novelists as being ft great boon to our time." "Meanwhile," said Mr. Holland, the leader-writer, "I think the old folks ought to be considered. And so I hope that a few writers of the Dickens and Sir Walter Scott order, who take no de light in so-called modern problems, will be allowed to write for these dear, igno rant old people. Of course the mental pabulum of our young people must be highly spiced, as they can't be expected to enjoy good old love stories ; but I do plead for the mothers and fathers who In spite of the spirit of- the age, enjoy 'old-fashioned, healthy romances." " Isn't Mr. Holland old-fashioned ?" said Miss Dart to Stephen : " that Is, he seems to be ; but no one really knows what his views are." Stephen answered her as briefly as pos sible, and then turned to Mr. Holland. " Don't you think," he said, " that the kind of literature issued is altogether a matter of supply and demand ?" " I suppose so. The cry now is for realism. The critics laugh at books not realistic ; the modern young lady throws aside the books not realistic." " And the publishers ?" " The publishers produce that which will sell. They are business men, and they respond to the call of the novel reading public, which consists mostly of women—young women." " The modern society novel is delight fully free from moral purpose. You see, moral purpose is Inimical to art, and the moment a writer condescends to point a moral he is regarded as a bore. Oh, you know we must have art, what ever becomes of morals. Art, as inter- preted by a certain clique, is the god wor shipped in literary coteries, my dear friends ;" and Mr. Holland's gray eyes twinkled ; "if ever you write a novel that Is to be successful, you must bow the knee to the critics' ideas of ART." " And morals ?" suggested Stephen. "My dear sir, who troubles about morals ? Did not Mr. Berryman tell us just now that morals were mere questions of taste, age, education, and nationality—mere trifles, in fact; but art- of course art as popularly under stood, never changes." A sally of laughter was the response to this speech, but I saw by Stephen's face that he saw no reason to laugh. His Intense nature, which had been darkened by his experiences, was deeply moved by this talk. " And what kind of a moral condition does this prove ? What of the general condition of the people whose tastes lie in this direction ?" he asked. \- I *-X? r a B*™"*l 8hr"« of the shoulders, and then Mr. Holland replied,— " Logic is a bad thing, Mr. Edgcumbe never trouble with logic. Don't you see where it will lead you ?" The conversation was becoming more and more painfully interesting to Btephen. To many who sat at the table the questions discussed meant little True, anything slightly novel was In teresting to them, especially if it had a tendency to destroy existing codes ; but as far as the deep, vital issues were con cerned, there was little but Indifference. Indeed, I am Inclined to think that the ordinary diner-out, to whom such ques tions give the necessary relish to an evening's gathering, never troubles him self deeply. "Let us have things as highly flavoured as we can," is his cry ; but he has no idea how his statements affect sensitive, earnest men and women. For my own part, I knew that Stephen was going through an ordeal, and I felt almost sorry that I had been the means of bringing him to this house. However, I could do nothing but wait and see what would follow. " However," went on Mr. Holland, " things will be all right shortly. The women claim now that it is their work to reform that quintessence of iniquity called man. She says—and by ' Bhe' I mean the emancipated woman—that she is in the majority. In the past, men have made our social codes, but In the future they will be made by women. In the past men have governed the women ; in the future women will govern the men. Ah. those will be glorious times ! Once let women's views, as expressed in society novels, become factors in our legislation, and the millennium will come. I hope I may not live to see that day, much as I admire the fair sex ; but then, you see, I am an old-fashioned man." " For my own part," said Stephen, a flush mantling his face, " I trust, and . I am trying to believe, that you are mistaken. I remember I had a mother; and if I lost faith In the purity of womanhood—life would be—different." "Mr. Edgeumbe, hold fast to! your beliefs," said Mr. Holland. "I, top, remember that I had a mother—and I enshrine my ideal." As Mrs. Augustus Price said, she could forgive almost anything in people as long as they had brains, and were re spectable. Anyihow, the gathering that night was not destitute of brains. Much of the after-dinner talk was bril liant, but it was comparatively heartless. No question was discussed earnestly, but every question was discussed bril liantly. The condition of the poor was regarded as an interesting topic, and many clever things were said ; but nothing indicated an earnest desire to better it. Politics were spoken of, not as a means for the best possible legisla tion, but as a means whereby certain men made their mark ; journalism was not so much a medium whereby the wants and feelings of the people could be voiced, as a means whereby clever fellows might have a brilliant career. Religion was "a very interesting study for those who liked that sort of thing," and so on. Even I, who had never been regarded as an enthusiast, could not help feeling how shallow and unreal it all was. neither could I help feeling that such an atmosphere was not suited to Ste phen's temperament. And yet I saw that he was fascinated. I had come to see during the last few months, or fancied I had, that Stephen's m|nd, while of a high order, was still para sitical rather than constructive, a class of mind which usually characterises out sensitive and brilliant men. I believed that, clever and earnest as he was, it was his nature to fasten on the thoughts of others, and work them out to their* Inevitable issue, rather than to be what the world calls original. I knew, too, how much he was influenced by his associations. Not that I would dis parage my friend's mental powers. Most men are of the parasite order ; only one man In a million can lay any claim to originality, and the writers and speakers who entrance multitudes often only give In another form the thoughts of others. "There be many echoes, but few voices," said Goethe. Still, the sen sitiveness of his nature, and the earnest ness with which he looked at life, made him far more liable to accept conclusions than men of a similar class of mind but of more phlegmatic natures. I saw, too, that during the evening he conversed freely with a man who had spoken during dinner, and whom Mrs. Price had described to me as a gentle man of latitudlnarian tendencies, who was Introduced to us as Mr. John Polden. 1 noticed, also, that after he had talked with Stephen a few minutes, he seemed %££ a^ xlo. v! to _ ** fr?endly, and made every effort to be agreeable. I do so like your friend, Dr. Roberts." said Mrs Price to me. ?It is refresh ing in this cynical age to meet with one so frank, so trustful, so transparent. But, do you know, he looks as though he has had a great sorrow. In fact, some one was telling me that he had passed through a domestic trouble. Is It true ?" I made an evasive reply, at which Mrs. Prloe smiled knowingly. "At any rate," she went on, "he has quite made a friend of Mr. Polden. lam so glad. Mr. Polden Is so sympathetic ; and although so tolerant In his views, he has such a religious nature. He will be a great help to your friend. Is Mr. Edgcumbe wealthy, Dr. Roberts ? Don't think I trouble about money, I only care about people : but I ask out of curiosity. He is a barrister, you say ; and young barristers are often wealthy, aren't they ?" "He is not wealthy at present," I replied. " But he has expectations, eh ? What a pity ! Money may spoil his career. Still, John Polden's career will not be spoilt by money. Poor fellow, he has not an over-supply." We left just before midnight, and. somewhat to my chagrin, Polden insisted on accompanying us home. I say chagrin, because I was not drawn to him ; but Stephen had taken to him wonder fully, so I said nothing. "Do you know, Edgcumbe," said Polden—" you'll excuse me for dropping the Mister, won't you, but I do hate such things among people I like—l have great sympathy with the way you spoke. I'm broad, you know, awfully broad; but I like to believe In people, especially women. I believe in their fine natures, you know." And so he talked on, mostly agreeing with what Stephen said, parading the broadness of his sympathies, but assur ing us that he was intensely religious. " There's good In all the sects, you know. What's the matter what we be lieve ? Very little, I say. The ques tion is—Are we sympathetic ? Are we religious ? If we are, everything '11 square all right." After a while he began to ask Stephen questions about himself, as though he were specially interested In him ; but I v/as glad to see that Stephen had no In tention of making a confidant of him. I believe, however, that Polden had an idea that I hindered Stephen from con fiding in him, especially as soon after he asked for the privilege of being allowed to call and see him. We were nearing home, and I began to flatter myself that we should shortly be rid of his company, when an event happened which, although seemingly small, proved to be of great significance in my friend's career. It began by our hearing: a woman's scream—evidently of fear and pain. The screaming- of women at midnight in Battersea, however, is not so rare an occurrence as to call for special remark ; and possibly we should have taken but little heed, had it not been repeated with terrible vehemence, accompanied by brutal words in a man's voice, with a threat to murder. We rushed to the spot whence the sound came, and saw a man, mad •with drink, holding, a woman by the hair, and dragging her brutally, around. Of course we at once freed the woman from his grasp, while Stephen with no gentle hand kept him from repeating the attack. " L.et me go," said the man, with an oath ; " she's my wife. I was a fool to marry her ; but now she's mine, and I shall do just as I like, I shall." The woman was young, and not bad looking ; but I felt sure that she, too, had been drinking ; and it was evident, from what the man kept on muttering, that they had been quarrelling fiercely. '• Protect me, sir," said the woman to Stephen ; " he'll kill me if you don't; he spends every penny he can get, and he treats me 'orribly." " What shall we do ?" said Stephen. "Take the fellow to a police station, or what ?" The man seemed a bit subdued at this, and began to be more complaisant. " He didn't want to bang Moll, he didn't; but if the gen'l'men only knew, they'd pity him, they Would." After a few minutes matters were arranged amicably, and the affair ended in our seeing the man to the rooms he rented close by, the fel low promising not to treat his wife un kindly again. "What a shame that such a decent looking woman should be tied to such a fellow !" said Pol " It's horrible," said Stephen ; " don't you think so, Dan ?" " All such affairs are horrible," I said ; " but as to who's in fault in this matter, I shouldn't like to say. Of course, the man is a brutal fellow, or at least he be haved hrutally ; but the. woman is, likely enough, as bad as he." "I don't believe it," said Stephen. "The woman struck me as a well behaved, respectable woman, and ought to be shielded from such as he." "Hear, hear!" said Polden. "That's chivalry, Dr. Roberts, chivalry. I think we may safely leave Edgqumbe to defend the lady. Eh ?" " I'm afraid a radical change will have to take place in both of them before they are very good," I said. "I happen to know many of these people ; and 'Blessed is he that expecteth nothing.'" " It's not like you to be cynical, Dan?' said Stephen ; and as I saw the look on his face, I was almost sorry I had spoken. I felt irritable, too, and was impatient for Polden to leave us. " I'm a bit tired," Steve," I said ; " It's nearly 1 o'clock ; let's get home." "So it Is," said Polden. " Oood-night, Edgcutnbe ; I'll call on Sunday, then." A few minutes later we sat before the fire, and neither of us expressed any de sire to go to bed. (To be Continued.) 