NEWS OF THE DAY. A littl bolter progress was mailo with the tariff by tho Legislative Assembly yesterdoy, Tho sitting lasted Gvo hours—from 2 o'clock until 6.55— and uearly one-half of this time was coinmmod by further discussing the duty on axles. Before again taking up tho itein, the leader of tho Opposition apologised to the Pre mier for having broken his " pairing " arrange ment on tho previous evening, and ho cotdially invited the Government to have the item re commiLted at a subaoquent stage, in order that n fresh division might be takon. The Pre tnisr replied that porhaps such a courso might not bo necessary, and there the matter was allowed to drop Having on Wednesday oveniug fixed tho duty on com mon nut axles up to 1£ inch diameter at Is., the committee was yetterday invited to fix tho duty on common nut axles above l£ inch diameter at Is. 6d. per arm, and this was promptly agreed to by 39 votes to 32. But a long wranglo took place about mail patent axles up to 1£ inch diameter. Mr. M'Coll proposed that the duty be reduced from 4s. 6d. to 2s. 6d. per arm. Tho Government proposal was tho same as the tariff board's recommendation, viz., 3s. 6d. per arm. Mr. Trenwith once more raixed his voice against the attempt to crush out the local industry, and roverted to the pcouliar inothods adopted by Sydney importers, of quoting axles at one prico and sub rosa, allow ing cuormous discounts, as alleged by Mr. Oar u fraudulent" and as not likoly to benofib he consumer. Mr. It, M. Smith, on the other hnnd, defended the discouut system as one well known to the trade. A new turn was given to the disousiion by Mr. Rogers, who altogether discarded tho state mcnU made by the free-traders, that prices would be lowered to tbo consumer by reduoiug duties. Tho reductions mado in the tariff would not, ho asserted, in the slightest degree benefit the general public. Only the importing UllllUUtO 1IUUIU UC (UO glMUUlB , ttliu but lion, member proceeded to warn tlio House about going too far with the dangerous alterations made in the duties, and compromising itself. So far tlie Governinont had done nothing but hand over the tariff to the free-traders, who, aided by som. weak protectionists, wero tearing it into shreds. At a. later stago this " note " found an eoiio in the heart of Mr. Prendergast, wiio took consolation in th. reflection that a wliolosalo cutting down of til. taritf would not provo nn unmixed ovii, as he bolicrsd it would speedily lend to a com plete revulsion of public feeling, and to tlio ulti mate exclusion of a number of weak kne.d mem bers who " ought never to liavo seen the inside of tho House." Even from tbo Opposition benohes cam. a voice of diseontont. Mr. Lovien, who i not a protectionist, rated tbs Government for not showing a proper spirit about its own proposals, and for "baokingdown " on thOi sliglit.se pressure from either side of the House. This was oapped by Mr. Long- more, who, with characteristic outspokenness, told the Government that it seemed to have lost control of the House, and notually moved that progress ba reported. Had suoh a motion been carried we should unexpectedly lmve been plungad into a Ministerial crisis. But it trau- spired that Mr. Longm.ro was not acting on behalf of the Ministerial corner, but aololy upon bis own responsibility, and the storm cloud did -not burst over the committee. When tills skirmishing was over the eommittes tot about getting rid of tbo troublesome axle duties, wbioh it eventually succeeded in doing by fixing the following duties Mail patent up to lji inch in diameter, 2s. 6d. per arm ; above lj inch, 4s. per arm ; other axles, 4s. per arm. Of course divisions were taken upon caoh ' of these lines, and tha majority in favor of the reduetions ranged from 4 to 7 in a House of 82 members. The item bags nnd sacks was disposed of without discussion ; tbe duty was fixed at (id. per dozen. Maobino loatber belting also proved an nnattractive item, which was soon dealt with. Tho old duty was 45 per cent., and the tariff board and tbe Government agreed to a 10 per cent, reduction. This did not meet with tho wishes of Mr. VL 11. Smith, who proposed that the duty be 25 per eent. He was defeated on a division by 45 to 3? votes. The next item — Indiarubbor, cotton and other descriptions of belting — was with- drawn by the Government at the earnest solici- tatlon of Mr. Burton and other mining tnom- bcrs, who pointed out that the proposal to put a 20 per cent, duty on an artiolo now admitted free, and whioh was largely used in con nection with mining, would be hampering that industry. Mr. Levien, however, pro- tested, stating that it was within liis knowledge that machinery for tbo manufaetnra of bolting had been ordered and was how on the way out from England. The duty on biiouits was radiiaod from 2d. to Id. per lb. ' The Government proposal was a duty of ljd., but Mr. It. M. Smith divided the aommittes upon tho lowtr duty, whioh ho said bad actually been asked for by tho biscuit manufacturers and oarried it by 44 votos to 38. Vory little discussion onsued upon the itsm black lend nnd poliahee, wbioh the Government proposed to inorsaso from 10 to 20 per cent, Mr. R. M. Smith was almost beside himself with anger to find that it was notually proposed to incroaso a proteotivo duty, aud threatened to call for a division iu every similar case. Mr. Winter did nob swoetcn tbo tempor of the mem ber for Hawthorn by nccueing htm of shuwing " bad taste " in threatening to divido the com mittoo upon every item of th. tariff in which an incroaso of duty was proposed. Mr. Winter nt Jlio samo time warned protectionist country members to beware of where a few pronounced free-traders were leading them, nnd said the open avowal of tlio membor for Haw. thorn ought to opon thoir eyes. Thin speech rounod Mr. R. M. Smith, who did not mind whnt was said about his political prinoiplos, hut resented being accused of showing " bad taste." The increase proposed by tba Government was finally agreod to, and th. last item discussed before tiie. silting oiosed was cotton blankets which, under tlio old sohodule, wero admitted freo. The Tariff Board and tbo Government proposed a 15 por cont. duty. The oommittoo got vory mixed over this item. Mr. Trenwith protcstod against putting 'a duty on nn artiolo not attempted to bo made in the oolony, nnd . Mr. Tuoker said tho' Tariff Board had made a mistake, and nevor intended to recom mend a duty, a statement in whieli two other nrombcrs of the board did not oonour. Daily it iu becoming more and more evident that tho Tariff Board worked in a mysterious manner, and its work is now quite discredited ; its recom mendations do not even reaeive tho support of nil tho member, who mado them, nnd tlio result is misohievous, as instead of relying upon the inquirios of tho board ovory member is now piny, ing a " lone hand," nnd eoiieoting his own evidonoe after tho manner of Mr. Gravis when ho produoed a shirt of shoddy and declared it to bo stamped with Castlcinaino flannel, the "atninp" boing merely markings in lead penoii. Mr. Zox produoed an imported eotton blanket yostorday in committee, and stated that the artiele was sold at 3s. 3d. The lion, member produoed a greater cffcot by this sxlfibit than he had intended. Praotioally ho admitted that tho foroign importers had to bring such rubbish into tho market .iu order to undersell the Victorian manufacturer of woollen blankets, whioh cost 14s. Tlin committee pounoed upon the exhibit with avidity, and it was admitted all round that the imported shoddy was Buoh a doeoptivo bit of fraud that it oouid hardly bs distinguished from tho olieaper kind of woollon blanket. Mr. Gray pointed out that the poorest peoplo perforoo bought cotton blankets, and for that reason ho desired to seo thorn admitted duty free. The oommittoo was praotioally unanimous on ono point — viz., that tlie importa tion of blankots should be discouraged in cveiy | way possible, and with that end in view put on a 25 per cent. duty. On tho motion of Mr. Dfifllril) If. W4« nnPMr! that IslnnWafu Itwan.UJ "AH cotton" in legible anil indelible charac ters, so as to proteot tlio publio Against impost tion, fthould bo admitted freo. Mr. "Wynne has brought a bill before tlie Legislative Council to make better provision for the widow of certain intestates in the diitri bution of the property. Where the estate does not exceed £1000 neb value it »b all belong to the widow exoluHivoly and absolutely if there is no issue left, and where tbe valuo exceeds £1000, the widow Bhall be entitled to that sum absolutely, and have a chargo on the whole estate for the £1000 and Interest, Those pro visions are in addition to the widow's share of the residue. The Classification of Shires Bill brought before the Assembly by Mr. Soott and Mr. Burton seeks to amend tho first sohodule of the Local Government Aot by omitting Any shire from tho schedule, or transferring a shire from ono class to another, or by substituting a riding or ridings for a shire. These alterations would bo mado by Order in Counoil, to bo submitted to Parliament, and either House may veto the order. Where a riding only is olaniificd, tlio endowment is to be oxpendod only in aud for suoh riding. Tho appreciation of the Gippsland miners of the trAck cutting' operations whioh have bicu carried on hy tho Mining department is shown iu a letter which tiie Minister of Miosis has rs eeivod from the mon working on the M'Ksnzie field. They state that the work dons by the department in olenring and cutting all obstruo tions on the old track had enabled them to gets pack brought to the diggings for 7s., whereas formerly it used to cost 16s. 8d. The now track now being cut will, it is stated, boa great benefit to all concerned in mining, as they are cutting right through tho golden belt, and minors would have no difficulty in getting about to prospect, whioh they never could do before. " Tho whole of yesterday was occupied by Mr. Purves, Q.C., in further addressing tho jury in the case of Smith v. Syme. The learned coaa- sol promises to finish his address early to-diy. Attar a suort speechfrom the plaintiff, Iiisiwnor will then sum up. Yostorday the whole rangi ot thoallcged libels was reviewed in dotail, statement! of cost, comparisons and deductions affecting locomotive constructive work being marafiftlted ono aftor another, in order to show tho jury that extraordinary waste and extravagance had beea committed, for which the plaintiff was respon sible. Mr. Purves finally put it that of £1,000, OW spent in the furtherance of Mr. Allison Smith's polioy of management 50 per csnt. might bava been saved with ordinary prudence. Tho annual bonus certificates of tbe Auitra lian Mutual Provident Sooiety bavo been issued to tho members. It has been customary to send ' these out before the ond of June, but on thh occasion a little delay has been caused through tho immense amount of labor devolving on tbs society's actuarial staff through tbo iucrcast in tho stringenoy of tbo standard by which tbs policy liabilities are measured. This change bu necessitated tho preparation and calculation of numerous tables required for tho computation of tmrrttnuer value, bonuses, Ac., Lcg&lhsr; tbo rewriting of tho whole of the books and registers used in tbe actuarial department, tbo latter operation alone oomprising over 500,000 cntrioy. The certificates on this ocossion n um ber abouL 120,000, and the reunite now announctd have entailed over 2,000,000 of separate and independent calculations. The usual arrange ments have been made for prompt payment of cash bonuses. y ' At the mooting »f the City Council next Monday consideration will be given to tba recommendation of tbe publio works oommitttf that it Approves of tbe resolution passed by tbs conference of munioipal representatives with regard to the improvement of tbo river, which was as follows : — "That the offer of aasiatsnce made on behalf of the Government by tbs Minister of Publio Works, to theeffeefc that rt tho trustees of the Y&rra; floods fund would hand over to the Government the £5700 now in their possession he would give pouod for pound, and would also give pound for pound for any donation given by tbe local bodies in terested in tho improvement of tbe river, should bo accepted ; that a aum of £36,000 should be raisod on tbe lines suggested by tbe Minister, and expended as a first instalment of acoount of the soheme discloied in Mr. David son's roporfc, and that the Minister bs agi'm requested to undertake tho introduction of legislation necessary for' the formation of trust to take control of the river and carry out tho work abovo referred to, and also to indeo nify tbe truetee of tbe Yarra floods fund.1' A .well attended meetiug was bold at tbs Town Hall yesterday afternoon, to doviso mcv" for raising r sain of £2000f duo on thd Homo for Destitute Children, Surroy Hlllc. A lorgo numbor of children are' providod for at the home,' regardlou of oroed, and the institution Is deserving of support. The meeting deoldcd to hold a bazaar or fair, and adjourned until this day wcolc, wlion it is hoped a largo meeting will bo held to make the neoeasary arrangements. Tlio Full Court, eonaistlng of Mr. Justice Holroyd, Mr. Justice A 'Beckett and Mr. Jestice Hodges, will alt on Monday next. Chamber business will be taken on that date by Mr. Justice a'Beokett and Mr. J ustioe Hodges prior to tho sitting of the court. The Melbourne Telegraph Office yosterday evening received tho following advico from Berth, West Australia " Communication restored on tho north and Oooigardie lines at 1 p.m. to-day, but both lines are working badly at present." The seventh stssion of tho Australasian Association for tho Advancement of Science will bo held in Sydney from 3rd to tho lQth January, 1897, under tho presidency of Mr. A. Llversidge, M.A., F.R.S., Professor of Chemiti- try, Univarsity of Sydney. The presidents and secretaries of tho various aeotions have been Appointed, and all communications and papers' for the meeting or inquiries may bo addressed to tha permanent hon. secretary, the Chemical Laboratory, Sydnoy University. The Judge imbroglio among ththeosophista it now at an end. Mr. William Q. Judge, whoso dealings with Mahatmn lotters havo oausad so much scandal, has nov/ seceded from tho American section of tho Theosopliical Society and gone ©if with hia personal sup porters to form a western sooioty of hia own. Tho Australian section of tho original society Iiai been formally notified that its American ssctioa has now appointed n new ganeral uecre tary in place of Mr. Judge, and poaco now reigus among the transatlantic thoosopluHts/ Tho Rev. Hasketfc Smith gave his third leoture last night in tho Athenajnm Hall boforo a large audience. Ho dealt on this occasion with Tho Land of tho Fharoahs, and the Dawn of Civilisation, which less than nosntury ago was na a sealed book, a realm almost of impenetrable mystory ; but littlo by little this ancient Egypt had boon revealad more and more to the world. Tbeso discoveries, he said, went to prove that at least 5000 yenrs boforo Christ Egypt was in the state of the highest civilisation nud prosperity, and the further wo went back in those 5000 years the more distinctly was tho proof givan of this remote oiviliaation, and that the common belief that tho early Egyptians wore an ignor ant, savage, barbarous tribe- was incorrect. During tho leoturo, whioh was illustrated with limelight views, drawings and other monuments of ancient Egyptian history wero oxhibited. Thcso tended strongly to prove that tho Egyptians believed in God, and iu the eternity of future life after death, and that they had tho highost respeot for tho dignity of womanhood. As regards tho theory of the groat pyramids the lcoturer asserted that tboy wero nothing moro or loss than tombstones. They were not evon "tombs," aed to explain tho existence of the two chambers iu the pyramid be said that one was for the offer ing up of prayors by tbo king's relations, whilst tho king was buried right below tho pyramid, and tho other chamber contained a sarcophagus as a blind to prevent people from finding hia body, for the ono great object of those tombs was to preserve the body. Old as the Great \- Pyramid is, the Sphinx was still older, for there had bean found a tablet of tho time of tho icing who built that pyramid, some 6000 years ago, whioh stated, "I have repaired tho ancient statue of the Sphinx, which is falling to pieoos from old age." The Icoturar firmly believed that the Sphinx was the highest attempt of the finito to represent their ideal of infinite wisdom, infinite strength and infinite stability. The leoture this evening will bo on Damasous. Herr G. 8. do Chancefc announces a concert for this evening at the Masonic Hall — the per formers being his own pupils — when several compositions from his pon will be presented for the first time. These will include a Staoat Mater, an Ave Mnria and a couple of piano soli. Seats may be booked at Glen's. Tho aeries of entertainments, entitled the Temple of Light, to be held in tire Melbourne Town Hall next week promise to attract Attention and provo successful. The object is to ennble the Tucker Village Settlements to pro ceed on tliQir course without liability. Moro than 200 artists nnd prominent gentlemen have consenlod to take part in the concerts and dramatic entertainments that will illustrate tho multiple views thnt will be oxhibited, while eight or ten lantornints will dinplny their illuminations at tho same timo. For tho first timo for 20 years the illusion Pepper's Ghost will bo produced in connection with novel dramatio representations. The Anti- Compulsory Vaccination Ledguo will meet this orcning at 436 Little ColHim>struer. A lecture on Victorian Coal and Coal Mining, will be glvon by Mr. J. Monash, M.C.I2., L.LIi., under tho auspices of the University Scienco Club, at thu Ulology School, this ovening, at 8 o'clock. The Toorak and South Ynrra Try Socioty will give an entertainment at the society' hall on Monday orcning next, when tho programme presented at the recent demonstration will lie repeated. Unused tickets for that demonstration will hold good. Messrs. \V. Hamilton and Co. advertise an exten sive wile of orchard blocks and small farms at Somer- ville, near WoHternport, to-morrow. Tho salo will bo held on the ground, and intending buyers can travel by a train which leaves l'rinces- bridco at 0.10 a.m. A cablegram recelvocl in Melbourno yesterday announced that Mr. William Brgg, B.A.,of Mel bourne University, son of Mr. ,1ns. Itegg, of tho Hamilton Academy, has passed the final examina tion for tho degrco of M.1X and CU.M. at Edinburgh umvurslty. Tim Loyal Orango Institution of Victoria will colobrato tho anniversary of the battle of tho Hoyne this evening, when a concert wilt bo given in the Melbourne Town Ilall. Mr. Simon Eraser, M.L.C.. ltigut Worshipful Grand Master, will pro.sido, and loading artists will contribute to the progranuno. Messrs. k.ltnsiuan and IC. Beliufanti, lion. sees, of the concert hold in tho Coiliugwood town hall on loin Jimo, in aid of the widow and family of tliu 1? .i 0\r bngloton, who was accidentally drowned in t ho i arra, has written to us expressing thanks to tho artists and others who assisted at the enter tainment. The total receipts, they state, woro £55 JR. and tho net proceeds £46 Is. 6d. Tho com- mit tee havo appointed three trustees, reprcsentin" Hf" v?yal,nro(" bortRO. I.o.o.f., tho Collingwoml n orkhig Men a Club and the corporation employe's, thcso bodies having organised the concert, who will control the expenditure of the money. 