BA P I ST CHURCH, DAWSON STREET The Rev. A. Webb, of Aberdeen street, Geelo ng, who has excbanged pulpits with the Rev. J.A. Soper, preached to a good congregation from Acts ii., 13, “ Others %i 0e ii B B9l d these men are fall of new . t^ Pn said these words were the, ' n prison. They said truly when they t t . 8 men are fall of new wine; *lkes» e ttB J n^ fnll of the new wine ■‘■h B great want among the church Th 6 j *° become divine inebriates. Molten * conn terfeit of the Holy Ghost is Sins wh 605 '- BH y 9 > “he not drunk with' BolvOu'" FXOeBs i but be filled with \- ‘“‘lome f "vf " P rBBC h er then pointed °‘ t “ B analogies of these two con dftlonv;-- First, they- abandoned themselves altogether, forgot, as it were' themselves; sod notice how these, people talked who were filled with the Holy 'Ghost, telling of Gocl a marvellous works iu Jefeus Ghtist, and Again how good fellowship was promoted. ■The cup is a marvellous leveller; its vota'riea f°*!got their social position, but the next morning it is all gone and they are sorry. And what talk is there among the Christiana of their social position, not like it was before Pentecost, when they, were disputing who should be the greatest. Notice next, the consequences of divine inebriety, they were cast into prison; men make a mistake if they think they become popular when filled with the Spirit, nay, rather.we have to loose favor, nojt gain It. In the. evening the same gentleman preached to a very large congregation, and took as his text Luke xviii, 35— ** It came to pass as He was come nigh unto Jericho a certain blind man sat by the wayside begging. 1 * He then said that blind Bartemeus was a picture of a man in his natural state—blind and poor —he had never seen the glofions sun, nor the spangled heavens, they are all hid from his view; so with the spiritual man. Yon may say you are hot blind, but yon are. I tell ynu of blessed spiritual things that yon are totally ignorant of. I tell you we behold the eye of faith, and of our glorious Hopes yon behold them not. The preacher concluded an excellent discourse by asking the bliod to call on Jeans as He passed by. 