'REMINISCENCES OF IRELAND. The Hon. G. MoGregor, M.L.C., lectured on Monday evening, Ootober 7, in Molton'e Rooms, Fiinders-strmt, at the monthly meeting of the Irish National Federation, on "Personal Reminiscences of Ireland." The Hon. J. V. O'Loghlm, M.L.C. (President of the Federation), occupied the chair. There was a good attendance. Mr. MCGBEGOB, in an able and interesting addrsas, spoke of the various places in Ireland where, as a boy, he had resided, and teld many humorous and quaint legends conneoted with the historic spots where he had resided. Kildare he bore in most pleasant memory as the prettiest spot in that beautiful country, lucideats which occurred to himself were gaaphioallv told — hew he jnmpod the bogholes safely on weekdays, but invariably fell in on Sundays, and watohed fur ghosts and banshees when going home at night, after listening around the peat fire to tbe yarns of one Jimmy Reiily, who was full cif tbe fa-U-y yarn* of the neighbourhood. He had lived in the North, in the South, and in the West of Ireland, but thero were no counties where landlordism carried sway as it did in Galway and Mayo, and he did cot believe that there was anything done to the landlords there but what was deserved. Of all the plaoes he had been in on the face of tbe earth there was not a country that could compare with Irol&nd; for either climate or fertility. Bet there was no chance for Ireland to have the power to govern herself until the Houee of Lords was swept away. The best way for the Australians to help in th» cause of Home Rule was to show that it was nn unqualified success iu the coloaios. He could speak from personal experience that the social and moral lils of the people of Ireland wis far above that of either Scotland or England. Tho Irish people were the most agreeable and sociable on earth, and a'< enough in tbe past people had kept up a certain amount of animosity in tbe North of Ireland, chat was now dying out, and they wero beginning to see that their best interests lay in unity. (Cheers.) On the motion of Mr. F. J. WHOLOHAN, seconded by Mr. J. P. DOHKNT, and supported by Mr. P. HSALY, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. MCGREGOR, who, in reply, promised cocontinue hia recollections at Eome future date. 