Bod's Plan and My Place in It. w Fby eev. f. b. meyke. b.a.1 One chief thing that Christians need to be specially anxious about is to be quite sure they are on God's plan — because if they are where God would have them to be, God is responsible for everything that concerns their maintenance and their qnalmcauons lor their post, lhese matters need not disturb them for a moment; they are not worth a single steepness night or solitary anxious hour if only God's will is being done by them on earth as it is done in heaven. When angels are sent forth to perform some r.ew aodvon$xpected errand, the novelty and tpjjgtfeUEg.cter of the commission does . They do not stay to Calculate thete count up their re- ; sotdfceb, or , to "meabKre Ifcheir strength against \th£&msra; tljQiK enctidahlf or them to know that Qqd has willed xb emruat them with a certain pieS5£TOrkj9«djpy.re sure that He would ' not He knew that they were was prepared to famish them with all the supplies of grace and wisdom and strength adequate to their need. The more difficult and impossible their work appears the more evidently must God appear to their de liverance. Difficulties are God's opportunity for the making bare of His arm. : Faith resembles some strong swimmer, who delights to meet the crested billow?, rolling before and under him in their pride, because as they come they only lift him higher, giving him glimpses of the shore, bearing him nearer heaven. Faith rejoices in difficulties, because they only afford the greater scope for the exercise of omnipotence. 4 4 They that go down to the sea in ships, these see the works of the Lord, and His wonders in the deep." Ah ! troubled believer, thou hast an opportunity of seeing sides of God's character, which thon conldst never know didst thou not zide in the same boat with Him over the storm- swept sea. This is surely what our Master meant when He said, " Seek ye first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all theie things shall be added unto you." The point lies in what is to he the first object in life. The Gen tiles, the nations of the earth, those who know not God as their Father in Jesus, seek first food mid clothes and home ; they are anxious and troubled about these, they shape their plans by the expectations of gaining more than before of the treasures which theives steal and moths corrupt and flames consume. Children of God ou the other hand, make it their first considera tion to ascertain the will of God aboat their life. What square on the chessboard will He have them occnpy ? What office in the house hold would He have them fill ? What post on tire great battlefield would He have them hold F When that is settled, all is settled. They do not need to turn round cn God and ask' Him the salary He proposes to give them. They are more 6ure of His honor than they are of the dearest and most honored friend. Will the great king send us on embassies and not make Himself responsible for our maintenance ? Will He thrust U9 forth into work, and expose us to the shame of failure, when omnipotence is at His command ? Will He entrust us with a share in the work of bringing redemption to lost men, and then not supply our bodies with all that is wanted for the supply of needs which owe their existence to His Creatorship, and there fore must be perfectly known by TTim ? Will God deal with us worse than we would deal with any to whom we entrusted important and distant missions? Can we not trust God's honor ? It may be answered that there are many earnest men who are scarce able to provide for themselves aud their families out of their scanty income, xneir tuieacLDare coats and eager faces and limited means bear witness to their difficulty in making two ends meet. And it may ba asked how these facts can ba adjusted with the brave words already written. The answer is threefold : _ First, It may be that they have got off God's lines ; and, of course, they 'must get under the cloud again if they would gather the manna, which only falls where it broods overhead. Or, Second, It may be that they do not lift up their eyes to see, or reach out their hands to receive the blessed help which is prepared for them, for all God's gifts must be claimed by faith. Or, Third, They may he called to make a special against the luxury of their times ; and in this case, though they may have poverty, they will not have care. It is also helpful to know that God always provides as much spiritual help as we require. Indeed, it would seem that His plan is so con trived as to bring out certain resources whicn we might otherwise have overlooked, and to make ua claim them. Hagar had never seen that water spring in the desert unless she and herchild had been reduced to the last extremities of thirst. We are permitted to be tempted to impurity that we may begin to appreciate and claim the jpimty of Jesus, brought into our hearts by the Holy Ghost, as the fragrance of spring flowers through the open window. And so it is with the many other experiences through which we are called to pass. What ever the demand of the moment, Bide by side with it an unseen hand reaches down to us a bountiful supply of the very grace needed to counteract the temptation, to equip ub for work, and to fill us with all that' is Svety and steo and noble and good. Do not look at the fo? but at the captain's face ; not at the storm, but at the Helmsman; not at the Egyptians, butat the Beacon-cloud where the Shekinah is slow ing. 6 then' -mB7 w® klow that we are on God s plan, and where He would have us to be? The answer is : God's place for each of us is to be juBt where we are, unless He is clearlv showing us that it is our duty to remove else- where. "Let eery man abide in the same calling wherein he was called." And the direc tion fqr us to go elsewhere comes in the concur rence of an inward consciousness, based on Word of God, and coupled with the trend Or current of the circumstances in whioh we are placed 