DORA DEENE; OR NEITHER WIFE NOR WIDOW. Br BERTHA M. CLAY. CHAPTER XXVIII. AN UNSXP\cr-M UKI.AY. Lookeley did not return to Greeoly' Hotel, but was driven to hie club in P'ooadilly, where he dismissoed the otl r and qgave him a handsome free. "You have more than atoned for the blunder you made," he maid. " And I shall not forget you, Hioskins." For an hour El mund tlikoh with Rogers, and it was decided to postpone the inquiries oonoorning the missing; L.rd Morden, until the presoent dillionltiee had ben surmounted. "I would prcfor that you eeop watch upon Miss Deone until I return to Hammer. smith this orcning," hoe old, finally. ,Enaoge a room for me somewhere in the nelghbourhood, and arrange with your nearest colergyman to be ready to conduo: a wedding at nine o'clock to-:morrow morn. ing." •Yes, sir." replied Frank. " \Ve live within a etone's throw rf on Episcopal churob, and my neothenr ettoli regularly and I know thoepa.tor very well. Hisnamo is l'.unket, and I believeo that he is a man to be trusted, though I should suggest for safety that vot go befora a registrar in the morning. Hoe will tie the knot In five min. utes. if you are onovlded with a spooial." " No." naul Looksloy. "I should have the foullog that I had not boon married at all, were the ceremony not conducted in a church, and by a recognized servant of God. There ls something revolting in these marriages, by consent, in the presence of a lawyer, who gabbleI over portions of the servloe, just an le would a ,ulnoess con. tract. 1 am euro that Miss Dlsne would object As strongly as I do. lr aides one or the otheor hna to live in the diatriot for a pre scribed number of days. Arrangeo with Mr Plunket. Rtgero, and hint at a repeotabh!o fee. Clergymen are but human, where money Is concerned." "I will have everything ready as you desire, sir." Rogers promised. Vhen e wans gone, necksley hastened to the ohambenr, of Fred Fairlax, his harrieter friend, having taken the precaution to send a telegram early in the morning. "Justin time to lurch with mo," said Fairfar, as he walked into his roomy. "Well, I moo that your mind is resolved upon siamo Important step :" "I want you to witness my marriage to. morrow, at nine o'clock prompt" smiled Lookhley. " And to assist mo today, if you are not otherwise engaged, in obhtining a speclal liconse. The clergyman will be readyI." " With pleasure, old man-I may say the greatet plenaure in the world l Oh, how freely do you lambs go to the slaughter. Come. Woe will lunch at Cavali'e in Fleet street, then walk to llotors' Cemmone. where I can got all the information deslred, and secure a special license from His Grace the Arohbishop of Canterbury. While lunnhing, matters were freely dis cnsoed, and l'.irfax whlstlel when he heard of the enemy's latest move." " By Jove! if they get wind of Miss Deeno's whereabouts, you will linl yourself a disappointed bridegroom, oln man." , Dan't hint at such a thing.' groaned Edmond. ?Well, if yor manRogers. is as smart as you believe him to hrm, I think that you are pretty safe, though it was hardly nise to employ the cabman who is known to the other side." o I thought it better to do that than engage a stranger." "Well, perhaps so. Have ynou arranged a little home-nemt to bill and coo in?" Fair fax observed. Not yet ; things have been so hurried." "Ha I" Fairfax was silent for a little while, a strange melanoehly having settled upon his face. ,'Edmund," he said, presently. "I am going to tell you what is known to a very few nut of my own family. Perhaps you have obj.eted to my banter.eg tone '" "N'oe still it is not pleasant h; but I exonse you bhcaose you have never cared for a woman I" "I have never cared for a woman I" Fairfax laughed harshly, then he turned upon Leotaley a look that he never forgot. "Edmund, you would hardly believe that a false woman has ruined my life I I have loved an few men love, only to flnd that I was a mad fool on the very eve of my wed. dieg-day I It is all over now. though, and surely six months is long enough to heal, a broken heart. I did not intend to tell yoe this, and should not have mentioned it at all, only that the home I prepared for my expeoted bride might be ofn use to you, for for a little time. at leant." He spoke huskily, and brushed a tear from his eye. "You astonish me, Fred." Lokheley said gently. "fBut thee, I have been abroad so much during the past few years, It is hardly likely that I should have heard anything about this, If you yonrself had not told me. eou have my sympathy, old fellow." "Y'e, but what of my offer The houeese luseless to me ; it has never been lived in since I hed it furnished and decorated, and. If you ike it, and your wife likes it, I will sell you the psaco cheap. Take it on approval for three or six months. You will find it a perfect little paradise. for I spored no espense, and I hate it now !" "?our otIer is kind," Looksley replied. thoughtfully. "'and I will look over the plaoe this afternoon, if you will take me there." " You must go yourself. I will never ant foot In it again I tih sltuanted at Rinhmood. about a mile from the station and is called 'ThoMyrtleh.' 'ITne ho. saroentthepelellic In the village. If you take it lf my hands. I shall he gratefol. and I trust that yon may never know what It Is lt suitor as have done." "I will look at 'The IMyrtloe' as soonas I have my lioenco." They walked in silencv to /lctorte Conm mons, ani were reerred toa proctor by the clerk. The proctor listenel to the applioa tion,. and anounced that It would be ilopn. sible to supply a specil license nunder twenty.foure.as it woul' have to be presented to the Archbishop of Canterbury for approval and signature. I.ocksley wva, terribly disappointed, and wontlred how he could endure the anxiety l yet another day. 'The lppliaotion having been melo in due forn, he and Fl.l fax returnoed to thr Temple. and found a gentnlemau waiting to se the barrister. '"le Poserl., Lcktley," his friend said, easily. "Thls go.t leman In not here upon buslinee : le lIs an uncl of minalo. lately back from India. (,lonel Ii caard,. this l an old solhool chume. lE mund Loksleoy. Now we all know ocah lothur." The onlonel anuoho lodgedl the inero·deo. tion ky boring slightly, and eyeing Elmand h"I shink? I sholdl havn known th't you wsre the son of Ndr:n'u Lo.lry, evses eI I had not known your eame. ' he remarked. pronesntly. '' I trust that your father Ie ermll ." ''HIs healtl is vent indilerenut," l,oohley replne'l. " and is a standing puvole to the doctora." "I le has been a great rover." admittll ties coleoul, ''n rd aullered with the yellow fever In Indin." l1neovoer hoard hint moetlon it," "No! 'Ihat is atrnenl. li- was out there with l.lrd Alinedl Letreeon." MonordeC I, e.nvllne,or'i lreOksley. '('iee yonu tll tioe anlyahtn l bou rMrdon. " Why not osk your fntherl' tller el, eol llie rrplied, re0elilr! hie eoye.roe-. "'rihy sppeeeaol to lee iuosorahalela triotl;., andtl have sten neither for lilleen ylears. Bly the wap, I euost call upon Nirneai I.ockhley ; I I m oure that he will he glad tee l:lmend dli not reply until the goloner's felon egaon bhoke the mtle0os, Can you giove me hi present addreas .Mr Lockaleyl I ohould like to know. also. if he haos a man in his service named Paters. P'tore was my orderly for yearn. and I soot oim to )your father with a strong recom. mondation,." "Yoe, co!onel, Peters eo'.l note as his valet and nouer. I bulieve that heo is a moat devoted oservant. I neveor knew ny father when he enjoyot health nd oheoflnoss, and I hesitato to suend you to hbn, colonel. For years he hse rofosed to soo friends of his oearly manhood, and lives in a gloomy old houseo surrounded by high walls, and P'dter over on guard.' " You uorprieo me. HI was once the gayest of the gay. I do not think he would refuse to see an o'd oomrado, though, and von must oontrive an appointment. IMo Ltoksloy, I have no wish to annoy a asik man by intrudiog upon him, but I shall expect you to write to him, and any that I am homr ogaln." "I will do that," Edmund promised. "Toank you, my boy, thank yon and I'll hot you a dozen of port that he sends me an immediato invitatlon." 'I truly hopeo that he il', colonel," was to oferventreply. "I wll twrite today from my club." "And wnere is your olubt" demanded the oolonel. "The Priuno Albert, Piccadilly." "Toank you. I will call thore for my roply, say the diy after tomorrow, in the af:ernoon- betwecn three and fotur." "That is my wedding-day," said Locks. lIy, his hearu boundiog with a joyous throb," but I will he there, colonel, as I ahill be anxlous to hoar from my father." After obatting pleasantly for a while. Fairfax consultod an A. i. C. time.table, and advised Looksley to start for Ri?hmond at once, if he wished to see "The Myrtles" lQ a good light. "I ehal not expect you bok ebore again to-night," he concluded, "bat look in early to- morrow, and lot me hoser what you think of the place." Locksley said good-by to Colonel Hasnard and Fairfax, and started at a brisk walk for Temple railway station. CHAPTER XXIX. UULY WAUNINUS. The rain had cleared away, and the dark clouds had changed to fleocy little billows that sailed high under a sky of intenso blue. Though the winds were strong, they were soft and plo'sant, tempered by the rays of the warm snun. "I am glad that there in a promise of fine weather." thought Lo~ksloy. "It would not be nice to be married in a stormof wind and rain. I would not like it. for Dor a' sake; women are so sensitive. and we are already surrounded by ao many chilling lonlrero•a." He had not to wait two minutra for a train at the Temple station, and it seems that there are always trains for everybody on the underground railway. " l;obmrad train I' shouted the guard. "lllght away there 1' iHe hadnt time to he civil to the passrenger. The fflicials do not believe in civility ; it is sheer waste of time in these hurrying, scurrying days. .lontslay Rtepped into a first-class com partment and at down. His mind was full ,of Dora, and a glad light came into his eyes. The plea.ant eunshtno seemed to have aw?lenld all that was beautifal and bright in the world, after many hours of gloom. It was dark in this fool-smelling subtorranean passage, but he knew that the day was glorious beyond I "'A foreonst of our lives-mine and Dora's," he thought, hopefully. Ife took from his p?cket-book id toy miniature of the girl be loved. She had only given it to him that morning; and be. scles it, was a hit of crnhboard. with a ronund hole in the centre. With what care had Dora made thin little circle, for it was to be her lover's guide when hn bhonld ehoonse that magio rim of gold, her wedding.ring I Loohkley gze d lovingly at the portrait, oblivious that nis vis.avis, a man a year or two his senior,w was watchiog him, a cynical smile on lifs face. "I am sorry to interrupt yon." his fellow traveller said, at iength, "but I want to smoke badly, and haven't a Ight." L"ksley looked op. " I don't believe that I have noticed you before," he replied, "Hero are some matches," The man laughed, but it was an un. pleasant laugh. "Thank you," he said. "I quite under stand the state of youear mind. You are under the spellof some pretty woman-for a time." Edmund looked ep sharply, his face flesh ing half-angrily, buhot the stranger's eyes were tunrned away. while he was thrusting some golden tobaceoo into a bowl of his big meerschaum. "I was in the same fool's paradise myself once." he went on, bitterly. "Mine is not a ool's paradise," Looksley said. " I carried a woman's plature and a whole tress elof her hair In my bosom for three years; I worked in the mines of California. I tolled like a veritable slave for three years for a woman's sake-a woman who professed to love me, and who was to be my wife.' "Well '" said Lookaley, interneted in spite of himself. 1'I came home to find that my faith, my hope, my happiness, were but a dream of the opinm- eater I"' "She was dead r" whispered Edmund, pityingly. " Dead! no I A thousand times worse t" the other said, with a oavnge soeer, and setting his teeth hard. "She was false I My love died a cruel death I I am blighted." A I am sorry for yon," raid Lrokslsy. And he realized how trifling were hie trohubln compared with those of this man, "The shock must have been terrible when you had soe much falth." "And I am sorry for you,. replied the other, with an ugly laugh. "You remlinded me so much of myself when I saw your rarturoue goas at that portrait." L okeley smiled, " Your disappointment makes a doubter of yon-a cynic. Iamto bs marriedintwo days. My love is good and tree. There is no cloud on our futurn's heril3n." "The old story," scoffed the stranger. "A mere ooensptraoy of nature for pairlng people oT. I tell yen that happiness and truth are but dreams of Utopia, invented to acooentuate our misery. Be warned in time I" The train stopped with a j.rk, and the stranger Jumped ouot withont another word. " I am sorry for him." repeated f,nokeley. " 'Poor fellow I lie oarriss bls misery in his face. His Iea stronn nature of either loving or hating-for either joy nr wee,". orhe traai was l again, and he hat half a leezn companions until he reaohed Rich mond. Still, amid all their talk, for they were busy discussing the suspension of a great banknlog hoouse, he could not foroet the stranger's unhappy story-ho ould not for get that this was the second story in one tda of woman's railty and mans misery. i1nt he forgot It when he wse out in the sunlight, and strode the platform of Rich. 000nd station. A doo hcahk-drivers waved their whips at him, foanticlly, shouting: "C'arriago o r, orroiage I" "I want to go to toor eake I'loa," he salto to one of them. " There is a vlllege near, I ,'Yes s ir. ow \'ill*go. A mile anda half roo heort '' reolhndll the non. S'nho bre to tho plsto-oliho," l.ookrly orertrl, " had fm there I wish togo to • "J'o lM rtloc.' in the olootlako h .otaJI." 'to,, driver signolicol tIhst he understoon ty touchin' the rim of a bttereod elik hat with lots grltotr fooreioger, while t,ookhley cntered tho carriigo. tc"!o r ,ooooooroont, noto toe ve hlo lo atort eJ nony, noot woan oon rolling tlorooolh a elilltfoul oo,ltnry tao. ethoae hodogo-rcoto 00r0 00rl inot oith the tints frooo oaotutOn'O it Is a pretty .laoo'." thouoghlt Lootoaey. "I aom oooro tost Ioro wolillkeo It.' 'this ,oo the oos Iourden ol i ts wishes. uls hopeot or he thought Dora wouol like nverythtug that ht dIi--vroo ythlog that -nooernod them-that concerned him and horelvf. At the qgalnt little postoffiio be presented card that Firfen x had given to him. "I with to look over 'The Myrtloe,'" he vid. ' I understand that you lave the hays..' Tohe pontmiatrese wasn a elderly woman, and mhe looked at him a little ourlonusly, whilie handing the keys over the counter. ' )o you think of rentinog ' Tho Myrllcs,' I! It she asked, respootfully. "I it suits me . I moy uy the planc. I hpe that 'The Myrtles' has a good reputa. He spoke ha'f-laughingly, but ho noticed 'hat the poatmlistres only smiled sadly, anod made an evasive reply. " It ie a very pretty pleoo. air. I hope that you will loh it, and that good fortune nay attend you. ' lie half-turuod, then spoke ogale : '" You have lived here for a long time, madame?' "Forty years, sir." "It ie a good neighborhooed I wantyoun to tell me trnthfnlly Rnd coandidly. I man trust you to do thin when I nay that I wish 0o bring my wife here-my futuro wife, I shoubi any, far we shall not be married until the day after to-morrow." For a minute the woman seemed die. tressed. ' l" Te 3feort'ake Read is the mast selent In lishmend," she said, at length, "and nttr to Sheen Park, where members of the Rtyall family live. It is one of the healthiest elalso in all England, air; but 'The M!yrtles' is net a lucky place." "I do inat understand yeou," smiled Edmound. "Ide no; plae any reliance in maore luck, as it is generally oaeopthed. If the elevation is right, and the drains upon the latest scientific principles, them nannot be nmuch the matter, unlace," he added, jokingly, "there is a ghost !" "I never heard of a ghree, air," the post. mietress replied; "but I will tell you my meaning. I may be a foolith woman, hutlI oln't help it;mnd iaone you haven epkeu so ninely to me, I advise yau not t look at 'The Myrtles I' " Come, come i that is too abburd. Now let me hear your reas or." Loeksley was amused. "I wilt tell you in a few words, sir, and then I exlport that you will lnngn at me. It Is joet eignt years sines a line young gentle. man came her, sir. He was a perfeac straonger to everybody, hut he lad plenty of money, and ha built the 'Th M~yralo.e,' and fenished it nn the most lavish sells. The grounds were planned and laid out by the moat expert landsespe gardnners that money could obtain; and then, when all was finished, he brought home his bride. They came here from the church to spend heilr honeymoon at 'The Miyrtles.' It I. dread. ful to tell, but the poar caeature died that very night-died and fell into her husband's arms, while seaking to one of the servants upon Isme trilling matter." " Well I" demanded Loakeley. "I sup. pose the poor lady had a diseased heart, and the exontement had bean too meuh far her ' eInar measure that may have been soe hout it was rumord that ne hour after theirl marriage the young husband disooversd that the woman he had uloored and loved bouond all others, was not worthy of even a kind thouenght I He had been abroad, fighting for his beautiful hme-noest, for one who was falme to her vnws. The proof ha held wae lEdisputoble, and the servant said that the look of hopeless despair upon his feoe was terrible, when he gzed open her lifeleeos form." "Heavens !" thought Lookelny. "Can that man be my acquaintance in the trin, only one short hoar since I " "When the ill-fated bride had been taken to her last reting.place. 'The MIdrtles' was closed, and the frnitorea sold by.nouten, piecemeal," the polstmistress went on. "F or years no one reemed to notice the house, hidden as it was by the traces that aur rounded it. until everybody was surprised by seeing that it was fall of workmen again, anod the story soon leaked cut that Mr Fair. fax had boeught 'The Myrtles,' to bring his bride there." " Yes ?' " qnestined Lckeley. " I know that my friend was diappinted, buhot he ha. not told me how." "His wife to-be eloped en her wedding evore, with another man " "Graat God t" rjaculatod Edmund. "Oen would think the place was haunted by gruesome mmores l Stll, Iam net nf a snperatitlous turn of mind, and silce I have come no far, I will look over 'The Myrtles,' madame. He thanked her and stepped into the waiting carriage. "Becaeus there have been two false brides, most there of necessity be third !" he thought, a little contemptuously. "Even if I could believes it polesible for my darling to be other than an angel-to be iniluenced one ieta by what I have heard. would be an nsult to the dearest and truest little woman an earth I It Is certainly etrunge how fate punruess its way, and I shal soon bhel to believe that the novelist was right, when he a oused nature of plsgiariseng tse wnderful events and oo-inideines of hliotinn." The carriage rattled along smartly for ten minutes, then pulled up beforie pair of ornamental wooden gates. Leoaksly read "THE MYRTLES." CHAPTER XXX. TrH DAY BsroRE TH wVEDDING.O Each of the keys in the bench that had been handed to him was labelled, so that Lcksaley had no trouble In saletig there he wanted. He oarned a small door in the w.ll, then throw wide the gates that led into the drive, and told tbhe ooahmn to' follow him. The winding way was flinked on the right by a solid line of mognilcant linden trees : on the leift wa a high and continuous back of velvety grass, flowering mos, and lovely ferns. Some two hundred yards from the high. way he came upon the holes, almost sure. roended by a grand stretach of lawn, the horders of which were aflame with many flowers. growing in wild dislrder. lloyond was ae pioturerqoe pleasure garden, and a miniature park, that ended in a gentle slope to the river Thames. Lockeley was delighted by all that neet his eye. T' he oue itself was handsome from every view. There wss nt an sncle or a nook that did not add to its outward beauty. Its architecture might have originated in a doze schools of design at remote periods. There was nothing suliiviently proenounood to render It im posing. It was a mixture of simpllity and the echoes of fsr-away grandenr, softened by huae sprays of ambltitous creepre, whose leaves Ilamed like fiery gold in the September aunneine, gradeatieg to points that seemed to have been dipped into erimron blood. Loksley was entranced. He forgot the gruesnme stories he had heard, and fancedl that he moeld see Dora's lovely figure flitting amrng the flowers. Hie opened a heavy oaken door. and passed into a sqare raersptton-hall of noble pro. portions, flooded with light from a great glass dome that towered Ligh above the centre of the house. A handsome atatrease led to a gallery, opon whiah opened the rooms of the seoeud lar and he went Irnn nue to the other, deoighted with everything that ha saw. It was like a palaoo in ministers. Enery room was In peemtl order, and tastefully fsr. niched. The hee oueld be made ready far ocupailo at a day's notioe. " I will net lose so granda ehaumo," ho thought. " I eannot make any mistake I am dealing with an hanorahle friend, and he oflers ma this, on approvae, for threes or for sin months, Iwilt take it I" ifs did not retarn with the keys to the eat-oelc, but arranoed with the driver of tice oreritge to sIe that hall a detvvn wovneee were pot inl at ooce to olean it, and light tire* an the chilly roome. Toe moo wve only too gcnd ol til chaooeo to earn ovvvllyl 'p s,,COVerlenec for hinv. It cod I.eokslvy returned" to Icedou hidighly s stieliud with his bargain, Af:or a hasty diconor at lirooly's linlol he went te,1 ,ulhm, nod gave .Masdinse llvli iliteuollovll to emove to "Trie ,dyetlo" varino dty, so that she and MLatilha could aoItrlonvd thu ceoleng, aed mahe all ece·ly for the hom.ecoolog of ora, I "'You can look up this honso for thr present," he told her, " and your furniture con follow you when we are settled." M dadme lell was delighted at the prospect hbeore her, and Matilda's pleasuro wae a'mseet hysterical. Luckaley now turnd towuard IHammer. emith, and it was finite dark when he knocked at the do.r of Frank logers' humble abode, his heart throbbing no wildly that ho found :t dilliolt to broeathe. Frank nlsworod the doer, and one glance at his faeo was n aweet relief to the young surgron. ' All is well. Frank " " Yes, sir. I've got all arranged according to yo:ur wishes." " My new Is ienot qulloto good, though I have. reasn to bn pleaosd with my day'e work. The marriage oannot tlke place until l'ursday morning, and you most see the mineister again." tIo erplained why the postponement was nooesanry, thenou bdo him announce hie preonenuo to Miss l)boeno " And, Folnk !" ho added. "contrive to leave us lono for an hour. I will see you afterward to make final arraogemrnta." Lookeley was ushered into the same sltting-room where he had seen Dora so early in the morning of the same day, and the moment the doorwao closed she rushed into his arms with a happy little ory. le was qniok to notice the dark shedows under her eyes, bnt she met his qnostioning loeks with a brave smile. "lMy dear love." ho said, hiasing her fondly. "all this doubt and uncertainty is tolling on you. Why wil you worry?" "De I worry?" she asked, naively. " coure yon do! Ican seeth lines of eoklong care in your dear face," he replied, playfully. Then I mnst he growing old and ugly ?" said flora. "But, Edmund, I eannot help trembling a little, though it must be very selfish and inconsiderate of me to tell you, when yen have so much to do. Having to be inootive, and knowing that I may be dis covered at any moment, makes me miserably nervous." Io a?uld not find it in his heart to tell her just yet that there was another whole day no be endurod. He spoke of the house at Richmond--her future home, their funtre home-and she lintened to his vivid descriptions of the wonderful beautiesi of the lindens, the flRwere; the ferns, and moues, with parted lipe and glistening eyes. Ani when he had told her everything, he conoloded : c"And it only rests with my little wilfe whether I bhy 'The Myrtles' or not. It would he one of she greatest pleasnses in life for mno to make my darling a wedding preaen-to givo her ' T'n Myrtles,' with all the beautiful things it contains." "My own love ! "she whispered, joyously. " How good yon are tome II would rather share everything with you. Why should you make me this gife'" " Bcoaes I love you beyond all else, either onearth or in heaven I" he said, rapturously. " And if it Is ever needful for me to practise my profession, I do not think that there is a more suitable plane than Rielehmnd In which to make a beginning." "oThen why hesitate, Eidmnd? What. ever you like will be doubly dear to me." There was a tender, beautifnl light in her glowing eyes, and he murmured: S Was ever man so blessed as Il" An hour passed quickly, and at length he spoke, in a quick, nervous way : "To-emorrow, Dora-to-morrow 'The Myrtles' shall he made your very own." ",T,.morrow !" she whispered, with a happy blosh, and he found it harder than he had expected it would be to explain the I delay of another precioun day. HI felt her fingers tighten upon his wriste, and ee?.that.saho had gensemanddenty ?ale., bht she looked up at him bravely. "' Ard when will you come to me again, Edmund?" she asked. "To-morrow evening-another blisfnt hour. and the next day our liven will be one." Darn shivered a little, and clnng tightly to him. "Du not leave me yet," she said. "Iam a coward, bht I cannot help it. Do yeou know, darling, that I had a horrid dream last night- and I dreamt that we were parted forever-parted beeouse of one day's delay ! Is it not traoge that this much of my dream is truee" " It is my fault entirely," her lover re. plied. "I ought to have made inquiries. hut I had an idea that aspecial liceone counld be obtained without notice. Even Fairfax, who is a lawyer, was Ignorant upon the matter. I shall bringit with me to- morrow night, Dera, ,and the wedding ring! "' Ha tried to snhak light and oheerfully, but there seemed to be a leaden weight at kin heart, The hour that Leoksley had asked for lengthened into three. and he was startled by hearing a clock chime eleven. At last he tore himself away, and Rogers went outside to see that the street was clear. "Youo will have to ge baok to Greely's, sir." he said. "I couldn't get any seom moat!on here without raising suespiieon." "It doex not matter." Leookley replied, gloomily. " Onely I antioipatedsome pleasure is being only half en hour from MIsn Deene instead of an hour 's jitrney." "I will walk wish yoen a little way," volunteered Frank. "Yes ; I have some instructions to give you." They went ount into the badlyf-!hted street, and E lmond heard that his falthful servant had lost no time in letting the minister know of the ehange of day. " Hlie will be ready at nin o'clook on Thursday morning." Then the master told him all that it was needful for him to know, and impresed upon him the necessity of keeping a careful watch over Miss Dosne They parted at the end of Market street, and neither saw a man crouching in a dark entry that led to the roar yard of a public hoenn. The next day was a hnsy one for L'oMkley. He purchased "The Myrtles" out of hand at a comparatively low fldure, and trans. leered it by deed of gift to ,ra Deene. He provided himself with a wedding ring, and contrived to run down to Riohmond to see how matters were progressing there, after bottoning the sprelal liceanse in his breast pocket, together with the donuments that made Dora aseolute mistress and owner of "The Myrt'es." On the first folio he had written: "dA wedding preoenlt, frotn EJmund to He found Mademe Bell and Mlatilda busy, and the house bright and clean, under the vigeroea hands of a little army of women. lie engaged two gardenere who were wait. lng about in search of work, and gave IMadame tll carls baounhe in the matter of providinlg all that was needful for their homeosming on the morrow. " We shall be married early to.morrow." he said, " Dora and I. Dora wished you to be present, madame; hut we shall have plenty of witnesses, and you can be of mere service here." Then he went away to spend his last erasing with Dorn, as Dora's lover oly I Twmorrow he would be her hunsband I Oh. how jeyously his heart boended at the very thought i Teat happy night was but a repetition of the one preceding, only that they were mch heppler. D ra's frors were gone-to.morrow she would he H Imund's happy wife. " Ant what of your awful drenm, sweet. heart l" he said, "Idranmt it again, and Ilughed ot It," smiled Dora. "It was only the resallt ol many sleoeplees nichtn. I feur nothing now I" Thaot night there were enany treasuree under DOra's pillou, for Locksley hat lull thie ,redcllg.rln witll her, and the dead. whlich mcale her mistress of "The Meyrtlies.' lie hin totl her over and over again of he, now hlomv, ad hlat dra'n many heautlfu l'ctures o, thhlr yleturo lifl. It wolld bh o ilvely garden, tillrd with perfeme and focers, wihk lug:ng birde and murneln;f treov, nod the son would ever shine in sno?n skies I It was a pretty pioturee it was a heppy lover' pioenre. I warnot like thenoaons io the elrat love tragedy that hilled the bride end rained " mrn'a life. It wass not like LFred Feirdnx'e shettred dream. But Dore manw nothing of these things; the know mothlug of the nwful momorios tint hounted "T Tho tiyrtlei." ITo be Cotrlinued ) 