The^ .Ghostly. ; Warning. I BY LAURANA W. SHELDON IN " SPARE . MOJIBSTS." " A QUEER, white face, ghastly as death, glared in at the window of Carl Manning's shanty. Carl looked up from his book, instinctively. He had heard no sound, but he felt the presence, and just then tho moon broke clear from behind a cloud, and he saw the ghastly face distinctly. " My God ! How horrible !" he cried involuntarily, and then, as the face disappeared as suddenly as it came, he caught his hat from the peg by the door and rushed out into the darkness after it. Carl had been at Little Gulch only a short time, but even a trifling stay was long enough to learn the story of that ghastly apparition. A minor s daughter had been cruelly'murdered in the Gulch years ago, and on every gusty, moonlight night her face was seen at some shanty window, and here Carl paused in his hurried race, for he remembered the end of the tradition. , " To see that face means death or trouble," he whispered in the dark- ness, and then he grasped his stout stick tighter. " There's always trou- ble in this world," he muttered philo- sophically, and if it wasn't for Kitty I should say that death was wel- come." ' He caught his hat just as an eddying gust raised it > deftly from his head, and then, seeing (how foolish was his saaich in the shadowy darkness, turned slowly from the task he had undertaken, and went back to his book in the little shanty. ,, It was a copy of Poe that he was reading, and as he picked it up again ho was amazed to lind that the pngo where he had stopped so suddenly had been completely toi n across the middle. He stared at it vacantly at first, but there it was, the beautiful ryhthm of " Annabel Lee " torn in a jagged line, as if by hasty fingers, and search where< he would in the humble cabin the other half of the page was not to be found. Carl sat down with his back to the window, and began to ferret the matter out. T ' 1 " It was bad enough for her to scare me half out of my senses," he soliloquised, " but to come in while I was searching the place over for her and tear my book is a little too mean for'anything." ( He looked at the injured volume ruefully, and shook his head. " Not another to be found within a thousand miles, I'll wager," he muttered, bitterly; "and to think that 'Annabel Lee,' the prettiest poem in the whole copy, should be the one she chose to damage !" And then he began thinking over the story of the murdered maiden. She had been foully killed by a jealous lover, they say, and now there was no man at the Little Gulch who dreaded not her acts of ghostly vengeance. It was a roman- tic story in its way, and the "more Carl thought of it the more it came to him that " Annabel Lee " was not so inappropriate after all, and might bring some comfort to his flitting spirit. , For Carl was sure it was none other than the ghostly visitor at his window who had entered his cabin in his absence, and now, yes, there was another presence at the window, but for a moment he found I it absolutely impossible for him to turn around and face it. But it was not necessary for him to look this time, for his visitors were each and all most tangible, and, moreover, they were eager to make known their presence. Carl sprang"to his feet in amaze- ment when ti half-dozon rough-clad minéis slouched through the door and stood in a threatening group before him. He knew instantly why they had come, and then, curiously enough, the waining of the dead girl's face flashed suddenly upon him. " Too bad she couldn't have peeped at me sooner," he muttered beneath his breath, " tor then at least I could have had my weapon and been ready for this gang of ruffians." . " You be a little surprised to see we 'ans," the foremost of his visitois said coaisely, as he noticed Carl's evident agitation. "You thought you'd kivered your tracks, you dog, an' that we wu¿ all so stoppid in the Gulch 'at we wouldn't find out you wuz' a spotter." -Carl recovered himself instantly, and leaning back, now perfectly com- posed, placed his elbow on the rude pine mantel. \- " You aro six to one, Mr. Johnson," ho said coldly. ' If you are not afraid of me, send your men outside and we will have a word in private." "The moment hie words escaped his lips he was sui prised at the conster- nation that he saw before * lura. In an instant it' occnired'to him that they, too, had seen the appari- tion, and were thoroughly frightened of the darkness. "There's no use talkin' to us to- night," the mun Johnson said, with a perceptible shuclder, "for we've 9een the Spirit ot the Gulch, an' one anVall we've had our warnin'." Then, as i£ the courage of his crowd rested alone..on promp6 activity, he drew a long, black rope from his pocket, and looped it over a conven- ient rafter. , Carl Manning braced himself and looked the man squarely (in the eye as he! finished his ominous contri- vance. ' \- " Call me what you will," he said quietly. " 1 caine out here in the interests of the mine to learn exactly what youl wore doing. If you were honest you would not fear me, but as you are only a paijk of( thieves and murderers/you tremblé at my pre- sence here, andihave brought your gang*of\8r>c to one1 to shoot me down or hang "me." ''- " ' ' , ' , , " í4Then¡kó fot4ed (his arms and raised his head and lus «ivoice rang out determiuedly: ' « -, i ,< u i > ^ " Do your worst, you pack of raven fig *wq\ves ¡«Vlitty-J1 yqdr plans r to destroy my work-plot your brave schemes to take my life-prepare the noose, the rope, the knife, have every- thing ready to add one more murder to your list, and then-then lay your hands upon me-if you dare !' And his eyes glared at them savagely with the fury of an angry tiger. Hardly had his voice ceased to echo through the shanty when one of the ruffians sprang forward with a shout and snatched his pistol from the table. " He is unarmed ! Take him by force !" he shouted, viciously, and the whole gang surged forward together as if to tear his limbs asunder. "Stand back!" Carl's voice rang out boldly, then quick as lightning his arm shot forth and a olow felled the nearest brute to the floor. Then, just as he recovered himself for a second attack, his eyes were" drawn irresis- tibly towarxls the ' window, > where once more the ghastly face of the girl peered in upon the scene before her. > ' ' " Look there !" Carl whispered, tragically, as he pointed towards the window. " There is the ghost of your murdered girl 1 How dare you think to slay another ?" ( '! As if expecting and dreading this very appiration, the > men turned, almost with one accord, and glanced in fear at the narrow window. There was a shriek from one, a curse from another, and, seeing ¡his chance in that moment of horror, Carl sprang forward and wrenched his pistol from the leader's hand, and for ia second the whole place ' bellowed with a rapid emptying of its cham- bers. ( ' , Springing over that jumble of writhing forms, Carl hurriedly col- lected his papers, and then 'remem- bering, even in his danger, the volume of, poems, he snatched the booki from the table and thrust it into his pocket. Then he picked his way carefully across the rocks, a few stray bullets keeping him ominous company, and by running always in the shadows was soon far away from the little shanty. "There«is a train at eleven," he whispered to" himself, " that will take me east of the Mississippi," and then he stopped running, almost too suddenly, as another vision came swiftly upon him. " Kitty !" he # called, tenderly ; "Kitty, darling, is it you, or am I still in the land of spirits ?" Without a sound» a young girl hurried towards him and threw her- self into his outstretched arms. "Take me with you," she sobbed, frantically. " Take me with you or they will kill me, too"; and Carl, almost without a thought of what he was doing, balf- led, half-carried her to the station./ A year later in their own house Carl Manning and his wife sat down for their after dinner chatting. " So old Tom Johnson was not your father after all," Carl said over and over again, as though the repeti- tion of the words weie something more than ordinarily pleasant. Then he took her on his knee, and his face assumed a thoughtful expression. "Well, I am glad I did not kill him," he said, softly, " although the owner of the mine says I might just as well have done so, for I crippled eveiy man of them that evening." Then he smiled more tenderly into her eyes, as he added, in a lighter tone : " But what I am sorry for, little one, is that I did not wait to solve the mystery of that woman's face, for, as I live, it was she that saved me !'' Without a word Kitty slid down from his knee and began ransacking in hor box of treasures, " Will this help you to lay her ghost?'' she said, merrily, and then she unfolded before his astonished Ieyes the half of his poem, " Annabel Leo," and tried to smooth out the jagged edges._ 