St. Paul's Anglican Church. -:01--- CONTWFNUATION OF THE MISSION. ihe 4sriel of epecial mision ervioces being conduted in ;St. Paul's Anglioan Ohursh, Irisbahne street, by the BRer. A. l Bartlett, c Braood,Blydney-and more partioularly the Sevening ceetings--onalnes to be well at. tended. Holy oommunion was administered, as asual, 0en Tuesday and Wedneseay mornings. On Tendeday midday serine was held, com menoing at 1'16 o'clock p.m. and oonoluding at 1'468m. Devotionalexorciees having been engaged-in, The R. 4. B. BABTLEEr read a portion of the 1th ohapter of St. Lake's Gospel, and referred more espeailly to the words in the 26th veru--"Between ue and you there in a great golf86zed." He said he did not propose to speak about the gulf which wans supposed to be Iaed after tils life, bat rather of the great gulf apparentlyfized between the Dives and Lazarus of the prsenet day. In other words, he wan going to ask the grest question. What was clpable laxary? That wasto say, When did the posessaion of riches bring with it a terrible ceeponelbility ? There never was a time whenathere was a greaterdionoasion going on regarding the relationship of oapital and labour than stpresent. The word "sooialism" was neverso muoh to the front as now. Let them remember that there wae a socialism which all ought to.be proud of. He was a Chbristian socialist. But there wa a socialism which had no more to do wibhelbristlanity than Hindooiem had. But the sooislism to whioh be .belonged reoogouaed two great trothe-the fatherhood of God and the brothestood of man. He would not be so foolish as to edvocste an equal distri bhtion of this world's riohbes. Supposing that were done, how long would it last lt'hat was a quection worth askinUg, and it might be pos. sible during theeervice jost to tonah the fringp of some of the great social questionsa which were harassing men of the preesot day. He had asked How long would men be on an equality if the distribhtion were made! Not very long, because there would always be the lazy ones, the sluggards-those who were called parasites, men and women who fed on, and took the life (rom, other men and women. .doet, too, as cream always came to the top of milk, so would theeream of men-those hard. headed and hard-handed men of toil-come to the top. Why was it that tlhere were men to duy who were poorer in this world'egoode than some others! Some men said they were "down on their ioek." He did not bae. lieve in any uch thing as that. Some men ished had a terrible aries of mie fortunes through which they had had to poas, and some men he knew bad worked hard end slaved in order to get amere pittanoe tnd yet had failed. He allowed all that. Bet, take the 4000 men who were now working in the Viotorie Park, Sydner, for mere rations, and ask what perceasage of them were in tbht position simply owing to ciromatancoe over which they had no control? Whilst they mightied one man out of every dive or air who had hadraelly hard times some opon him through ciroumtances over which he had no control, how many hundreds oould be dis oovered who were in low oirsnmestanoces bouse of-whatt? Wae, he epoke strongly enough about drink on the previous evening; but there was another preat eaureof muoh poverty-rach marringer. It had been stated that there were two great ausee ofmoouh of the poverty in London-early marrimqges and rash merrieges. One writer had said that men rushed into marriage who were getting 2s. Sd. a week short of rts'ration wages, Thoe knew that thbat was trre. It would simply beridioloos to have an equal ditribution of money, becausee men of geoniun and force of oharaeoter and strength of will wold Immediately go to the front, and the jely ones would be left behind. Be would prediot that in ie'. than sixi months' time there would be tt.e same difference nos ever between r!ih nro poor. But the eah bad resp~naibilitiP , nod they were nowhere more pontoedly coated then m the Des of Ely'. book. There was no man who had done more than oe bad to try and bridge over the golf and lead men and women to a trne coneaeption of the meaneing of * the brotherhood of man." Quoting from the book the preacher read:--l. * That the true social order, according to the lawr of the kingdom of henve, snould have for its basis not the acoumenation of wealth through selfinterest, hbut in human progres and well being through realf macrifice and nesc alationa. 2. That eoelety esrrata noo for the cake wfprivste property, hbutprvate property for the eke of society. 3. Ae capital arises from oommon labour, to, in jaotice. it sbould be made to minister to common wants.': Con tinning, the missioner ensaid that the rich man was rot redited with tbhe in of getting his money disho?,?tly, but he seemed to have aioned rather from want of thougbt than from want of heart. Lenaroe might have had the orumbe from the kitoben if he had gone to the baok door and asked for them, but he took op his position at the gate and the richb man, driving pset, never turned towards him. There wasee want of thought. The preacher theo quoted the fourthb paragraph (from the Dean's book, which read thuse: ' Wealth does not releaee the rinh man from kie obliga tion to work, but only enables him to do unopaid work for society." Some of them, the preacher said, had more than their seighbours, and they should remember their respoasibility. How could one be a Chrietian man or woman and soand up in charch and repeat " I believe in God the Father,' sand yet never give a penny.pie e to help a snfering brobther. What wasee that kind of religion worth:7 It was not worth a straw. If a man shbthis .purse and was costiunally hoarding and sorewing and scraping together, and did not care for the poor, then he wasee leading an utterly elfish8b life. Some might esl that be was "giving it" to the rich. No; he wanted to show that, whether they were rich r poor. they needed to realise that the o-5eae0 of Cbrietianity was the brotherhood of man, and he trusted that they would all remember that Christ had said " It is in lnitely more blessed to give than to receive." There was a large ogregation in the chuaboroh on Tosa dy night. After a short service, the missioner aesalr with questions which had been senot in to him. The Srst he took up wasee a letter which be he ad passed over the previous evening asking for information regardoing the "asIn ant, desath,': mentioned in the fifth cbrpter of 'the epistle of St. John. Some people had got it into their heads, he said, that they had committed this nnpardonable ei. He remembered-a young man who took away bis life owing to this verse, or, rather, to the mie.sterpretatso of it. What the sin onto death wasee it wae very diffooult to say, but be asupposed they might say It was rank blasphemy against the Boly Ghost. He did not think it weas doubt in Tshe head as moouh as it weas doubt in the heart end a psrsistent oppolition to God, He nseed hardly remind them that if a man knew what was absoloutely right and what was absolutely his duty, and 'if he went deliberately in the fae of st, and did what was absolutely wrong and knew it to 'be wrong, then he was very, very near the sin unto death. But were we to say that nobody ares to priy for a person who had silned the sin unto death:l God forbid I He then went on to explain that in the revised version the harehbese of the words was somewhat modi. fied. Severalother qaeries were aseo nuwersrsd; and he stated that he intended to grapple with thequesstion of thebs inspiration of she Bible at the msn'se meeting next Sunday afternoon. Somebody, he said, wu ooobnrned abot tbhs word " altar," and preferred to have is-oailed " ommunion table ;". and he pointed out that the words " ltr" and "table" were used ina terobhangesably, quoting from Malaobi in asqpport of his consention. Is this 0onoeetion headmonihed his audisaooe not to " put heir haoks up" at a word, because so doing showed an immesse amonla pfignorauoe. Whyshoald we in this elighbtenedoesntnry get very excited over a term.? In these days, whsen rnfielity ewas staing us in the faoe. knooking at our very doors, so to speLak, why in the nsame of God should we vex oarselves and the Chunobh of .God by fighting over. trifes? The rev, gsentleman then took for his neat Genesis xiii., 10 and I--"'' And Lot lifted up bis eyes, and beheld all the plain of Jordan, that it was well watered everywhere, ... . Then Lo chose him all the plaInof Jordso." He was, he said, goingto epeak about the fatal ohole made by A?bbman's nephew Lot. The oiroumstauoeaef thes saleotion oand the direful result to Lot were then gone into. The oongregatrton were urged not to " pitch tbheir tents' in the direction of anything thabt was evil. It wuold make its inofence felt on them, and gradually draw them down; and not only them, but their families also. Young msn and women were exhborted not to put themselves in the way of temptation-not on pitch their tents near it. Parents ehould be very careful as to the literature theycllowed their daughters to read, for there never wasee a day when the market was so foll of abominable novels asnow. In London, wbhere -there were theatree in abundance, tie only man who habed been able to keep 8hakespersn plays on the stage was that talented d1ic and consmmmate artist Henry Irving. He did not know what sort of thbeatres they hadin Brisbane, but to his sisters who were present he would say that there were plaoes which no pureminded woman bould go to. Again, if they took their chitl dren to live twenty, thirty, or forty miles from the house of God, and from the sohool. house, could the parents think that those children would not deteriorate ? He impressed upon his hearers that they' could not pitch their teote even a mile or two from a guilty plsce without smarting under the lashb feople sometimes asked him Is danoing a sin ? They would remember what the dear old de parted Mr. 8purgeon said when asked the question. He said "Danoing is right when is is right, sand wrong when it is wrong," How could the n?tal dancing do harm? but they (his hearers) knew where the hsrm oame in. It might not be harmful for one, but it migbt be harmful for ansoother. It wasee not the actoal denatog that was wrong, but the surroundings of the place, the sooompeni. ments of the plane. When they wore at a danoe, they shabould always remem. ber the temptations surrounding it. He did enot iten' to' spelk of those temptations to a mixed congregation, but-they knew I " Young men" he said, "You have an ideal don't part with it I don't saorifioe it I Young woman, you have your ideal : dont let it pess away." "If any man will come after Me let him denyr himself and take np his cross and follow Me." Nearly the whole oongregation remained to attend the devotional servioe which followed, and at whioh Mr. Bartlett addresed his beer. ere on the anbjaot " What are we to believe 1" and dealt wish the creeds of the Aeglioan Chnrob. The oreed of St. Athanaeioe, to whioh many raised objections, he eaid be him. self did not like very mooh. Blt they should remember it wsee drawn up at a very oritical time in the Chrobh's biatory,aend the only wonder to him wee that it wsee not more ee vere, for, at perilous times, strong meaesnres were required. He looked upon it more ae an anoient byrmn rather than an a symbol of faith. ne then discoursed on the words in the Apotlesa' Creed, " He descended into bell." Thic, it weas hie belief. did not meoan the plaoe of loest spirite, hobut Hades, the place of deo parted spirits. He fully explained what he, took to he the meaning of that sentence, and of the words o I believe in the holy OCatholic Cbharh, and the Communion of Saints." While on this subj'ot be mentioned that he had a book, which be wished every church. man in the conoregation possessed. It was called the popular story of the Church of England. He would leave it in the vestry if any ohorchman would like to read it. The pronouncing of the benediotion terminated the -ervioe. At 11 o'locok yesterday morning the ervice was Jairly well attended. The missioner oon tinned his course of inatruotion, baesineog his remarke, as on Monday. on the words "I will lift up mlL'e sies to the hillo, whence oometh my help." DBi ou?jeot wee the " mountain of insatrooon.' and he dealt with it in an in tarestiog meas?r. He was afraid, he said, that many of us--he thought he might say most of I nm-bad at some time of our lives rather shirked elimbing the hill of instruction. The beauty and simolioity of the teachiag of Jesus Chriest were impreessed upon the oongregation. He did not esuppose that there ever was a teauher whose plan of instruction was ro simple as that of Jeous Christ. He was so original, so practical, so plain speaking, and yet so gentle. He advised teaobere to be very careful, and try never, oonroiounlyor noon esionely, to wound a sensitive nature; and they themselver should never be afraid of beiog taught. Jesus taught witb the authority of a good life, and that would never fail to eil people; that wee far better than eloquenoe, far better than philosophy. Jesnu won the world by living a life of eatotifitionD, and he thought he conuld not do better than finish his address by saying "Go thou and do like. wise"-win the world not by philosophy, not by flue language, but by the eloqueonce of a beautiful life lived in the faith and fear of Almighty God. A Bible reading was oundnoted in the church yesterdsy afternoon. After devotional exer oltes, the misesioner continued his remarks on the sixth chapter of Isaiah, wbioh, it will be remembered he partly dealt with on Monday afternoon. He observed that one great lenson to be drawn from the chapter weas that we, as individuaelr, were not essential to the carrying out of God's plans. We needed to remember that Christ could do withont u, as acould also the Churchb, although the work of all in a good caeuse would be approved of by God, and le woeald be glad of all that we could do for Him. Another lesson which we could learn from that portion of the Bariptoures nnder review was that reverence and selfef. facoment were neoeesary oharaotesiltios in real workersin all spheres of life. If we had reo verenoe for humanity, then we would work for the gond o humanitly. Mouh was made out of the word "' prophet," but what did it mean? not a forateller, as many supposed, but a forth. teller. All could become prophets, or the farthtdlers of the teachings of the Gospel. In monoluaion, he would entreat them to beseech God to touch their lips with a live coal from off His altar, and then, if they could not go forth and speak with the eloquence of learning, they could at leant speak from the eloquence of a holy life. The service last night was exeption?ally well attended, every seat in the church being filled. After the introdootory hymns and prayer, the missioner announced that a number of quees' tions had been sent in. One of these questions wan "In there any harm in going to horse. racing." He would ay with all eaeretoe that it wase far better to have notheng to do with racing on the turf. He bhad seen so many ruined by it that he would be sorry to see any real friend of his taking part in bore.reinrog. They conld not make him believe that the torf was kept up to improve the breed of horses- he was not born yesterday. It woeld never be kept up as it was if it were not for gambling. He was not judging anyone harshtly when he said 'KLeep away from the tnrf and from sweeps." One only needed to take a mleiono in Sydney to Snd what rein was brought habouot by horse.racing. The preacher then gave a very earnest address on the subject of the "larger hope." He based bit remarksopon the ten H e said to the womans thy faith hath saved thee ; go in psoe.e" (Loke vii--S0). Some people asked, "Why did not God make men incapable of sin ?" Let him ask esoah people a staightquestioo-"Wonld theyr like to be asto matie, to be machioes woued up like a eloek ?" God might have made men inospable of lin, bat in another way He conld not do eo. We veloed the bonesety of a servant becase we knew that the opposite of honeety was possmible in that servant. Also. we valeed the love of our ehildren, becanse they were not compelled to love ne- becoase they ?ight' eitherelove us or do otherwise. It came to this--that all had freedom of will, A man bad eoceaskhed him why anyone should be born into the world against his will, and then, if de went wrong, be condemned (as some abuhbmen said) to eternal torment His answer to that was that God bad greater tenderness, and more perfeot lsympathy, than to condemn sayone for ever and ever to torment. If there was one treth that he (the speaker) vained more than another it was that of the " larger hope." He had stadied it, and made it the . objel of his ministerial career ever sinoe he was ordainad. He had offended nembers of righteons people through hie opinions on this sebjeot, but while he had any breath left in his body he would preach ' the larger hope." Fearrar's books dealing with thi esnbject were vilified when they were published, but people were now beginning to say that there waee more in them than they thoougbt. He wonid give them an Illuostretion to abowow hw frightful was the belief that threefourthb of the people of the world were to be doomed to everlaetrig ponishment. Suppose the lost in hell were to be imagined as saying this remarkable thing "Oh God. let our sufferings end in thisl fashion. We will esuppose that there Is a huge mountains, so large that it fills the whole world, and suppose that a bird comes once in a million years and pinks off one grain off that rook no larger tbhan a millet seed and goes away. Then eeppooe that at the end of a milhion years it goes back and picks off another little grain, and s~ goes on again and again and again. Ob,righteons Judge, we ask only this, that when tbat huge rook shall have been etterly picked away our sofferngs shall be at an soend." And the answer comes to the lost "It ie impossible." They woeld see what they must commit themselves to if they so oepted the doctrine of eternal pnoishmen. There wea all the difference in the world be tweoen ponihmment and tortures. He believed in pouishment, but not in age-long or eternal punishment. "Eternal" in Greek was not the same no "everlasting." If aohild did wrong, it was ponilhed to make it mend its ways. Suppose a ohild were put on bread and water for a day, that would be pslishlng it, bat, if it was always kept on that diet, that would be tortere. Punishment they most have, nbut he did not believed that God tortured. If they wanted him to believe and preach that his God would onet off for ever and ever theose ohildren of whom Be was the Father, he would tell them that be would go back to Sydney, boosose he could not do it. If he was wrong, then might God forgive him. He bad not read his Bible for so many years without revelling in thoee words "God so loved the world that He gave his only begotten Son," Ac. If three-foerthb of the people of the world were to be lost forever, what became of that tezt "And I, if I be lifted up, will draw all men onto Me." It might take millions of years to have those worde fulfi.led, bet flfiled they would be. The eermon woe listened to with the deepest attention. The services will be contioned throughoot the weekL, and will be of a peopllly important oharacter to-day (Asoennion Day). 