INOW FIRST PUBLISHED: . ALL QUEENSLAND RIQHTS RESERVED.] . HfOOING A PHANTOM ; J' jjg I ■ ■ w///////////////////////////w/////////////////////////////////////////////////4^ By LOUIS FELBERJI&NKi; TRAHSLiTED BROM THE ORIGINAL OF MAURICE. JOKAI. INHERITED . about ten ; thousand • .;rg p > pounds from ray father..-..-1 had no • I .'taste for hu6iness,-.but a strong, pas Ha I aion for. agriculture; and my dream U&k-; . had always been the possession of . an estate on .■which I might raise £ne -crops and rear magnificent cattle, nn* " porting the "rarest' specimens of live stock • from-'abroad...- Let other .-men. speculate. ^ in • their-jiaper 'stock and shares—in their •:' Gnanos or - Chilian Nitrates; I -loved to . speculate in the harvest which- might spring from my seed, as it sent up tender green shoots through the soil, audm the rain which might . • descend. This is a. land of. speculation m r: which one may gain without another losing ; and upon the profits which it yields the bless ing of heaven may be asked with. a clear con science.. . - . ■ • .-■< \- •' Yet I had sufficient commercial, blood in my . veins not to rnsh blindly into buying .tbe fiivt property which offered itself. * . I thought it -■ - • better to wait until I could secure a. handsome little estate at a low figure—say, £6,000; the • . remainder to be my working capital. . I watched the advertisements in- the news •v papers.. .One day I saw that a fine property , up . :■ in one of. the mountainous counties, containing an ancient castle, was to be sold. It comprised 900 acres of-arable land and meadows, and \- * 1,500 acres, of forest, together with sundry boOdings scattered over its area.. The price demanded was only £7,000. .1 went to the lawyer representmgthevendors. He explained that the estate had belonged to a certain Count . Kearandy, who had inhabited, the castle until \- • his recent death ; and that his heirs wished to • . geUitjustas it stood, with its lire stock and plant and even with the furniture and pictures .within the castle walls. • - ' • f1 But if I do not want the furniture and pic taresPM I inquired. ■- .. : " Oh, the price would remain the same—. . seven thousand—whether you desire them or • not. Xare stock, plant, pictures, and every thing are simply thrown into the bargain."' :. .."But do you think that the purchaser of an . estate should be compelled to wear the late pro . prietor's old coats?" - : - : .The lawyer laughed and B&id; he thonght \- •nothing of the kind. " Why do the family wish, to sell-out?" I. asked. * . ' - . - . -~s II One of the heirs, a soldier, has been killed -v - en active service, the second—his aster—has §ot married, and the third cannot-attend-to ashless.": • ..... " What sort of land isit?". >• . "Good—some first rate, some second rate— . : very fine meadows—a stream running through .the property and watering: the whole of it—a windmill and a sawmill, which cuts up the valuable forest timber. The estate is " well worth the money, and .will yield a handsome . income.".. - .-v'-ifls there not some drawback attached.to ft?" .".Nonewhatever." «■ , I had glanced at the inventory of the plant;; _ >-Thi8 alone was . worth £1,500. .1-wondered ; ^- taore and more why the present owners bad "- .-.dccided to accept sttch a ridiculously. small \- - - price. , .The lawyer, seemed to. divine' ray .v/s-' thought. v • - . 44 The reason why they- are selling at so low a figure is that a clause in the will of > the. > testator makes it a sine qua non that the pur* chaser shaU take over all his old-servants—* steward, valet, coachman, stahlanan, &c.;—and also allow the orphan girl he adopted to remain living in the castle. This is the only- obstacle, audit is not a serious one, for the testator has left all these people ample pensions for' . Bfe." v.. " Why, that is no obstacle, at all, for in any ease I must have employed such Servants.- " It \- is a good thing they are already in the castle." ^The lawyer gave a gesture of surprise as he " What,- are you. going to lire there your self?" . "Of course Iain." - :■ "Lithe castle ?'.' . "Certainly. Ton don't expect me to take rooms by.the month in the cottage of one of my farm labourers." . "I had no idea yon intended to live there." . ""Why not? Are there ghosts gliding about within its chambers ?—bloodstains on the ceil 7 ings which can't he washed out?—midnight vampyres such as Bnmas described? So much . the better—I am not afraid of them.. Besides, I am only the son of a merchant, and no high bam ladies will condescend to ;fimt me from the other world in rustling robes.* And, more over, I intend to instal a cheese factory on the estate, and the smell of cheese will send the most obstinate ghost about his business." - . We both of us smiled, and when X had once more assured the lawyer that my nerves were strong, he said: '■ " Well,'then, there is nothing to hinder the • bargain." _ The deeds of transfer were in due course signed, and I now felt a sort of childish ■ curiosity and pleasure in possessing a castle which was reputed to be haunted, and had its own ancestral ghosts.. I myself could he frightened at none of these things—I should omy. be alarmed if one of my debtors had sun •away or one of my.troublesome creditors had come back to visit" mo from the other world. But it would be fun to see the people around ■ me grotesquely alarmed at nothing at ill,-and afraid.to venture out at twilight into thCconrt yard or eyen into the corridors. •* A few days after die completion of the pur-" chase, I took leave of my friends, who would not see mo for/years, and started off- by coach, for'mynew "residence.; I had-already written to the 'steward .tolling' him to have a light carriage waiting for me ut the last station, B * and I-found the vehicle punctually there. Thecoachraan was dressed in mourning i—I supposed that hel was mourning his de- ! ceased master. . A long black veil' hung from j his hat, such as'is worn by the. driver'of aj hearsel \\_I.always respect the sentiment of.! grief; but it' was A little unpleasant to have this man sitting beside me as though he were 'driving tho horses of .St.. Hicbael. It was a good thing that there was ho hlack cloth on.thie horses; themselves; ;or people, would certainly have mistaken the whole thing for a funeral, x Kevertheless, .I set. my mind at ease, and we drove off. \I told the man to go as fast as he. could, because it was already chrskv . it is true that he handled the xeihs very well;: but as we* travelled on I was not pissed to hear the fre-' quent deep sighs .which he uttered. -Nowand then he sighed with' a sorfc of bellowing effect like a sleeping cow; and when.I asked,him .'what; was the matter he would reply that it was impossible lor him to tell anyone what a load 'was lying on his heart. Very well—as long as' he didn't break, my heck.. Occasionally he. would take out his handkerchief .and apply it to his - face, as though in tears.: " But_he; drove yeiy well; nevertheless. At" length^ when, wie .She teized my hand and drew tcwardi the hearth. were descending a hill with steep roots on either I side he commenced to sob aloud;. Then I took I the matter seriously, and got alarmed. . ' * -1 . "What is the matter?/ Why are yon ery*. i ingf'V '** 'r v . " ■ ' •* ■" 1 Ought I not fa cry, sir, when it was on this j very spot that I assassinated my own brother?1 ■ "Your own brother?" I exclaimed, aghast. • - f ? Yes, sir, my own brother." " v • • •"Did you do it on purpose?" : j- " . V Yes—in cold blood." / ■ \- '^Has your crime ever been discovered ?" " Never. ^ You alone in this world know of it" The man relapsed into sobs, and I felt per plexed as to whether I should give him up to the authorities or retain him in my service. It ; was a very ticklish thing to choose between— friice on the one hand and pity on the other. was fervently hoping that none of the other servants of my household had assassinated their own brothers, when we reached the village in tHe middle of which the castle was situated. It was a simplebuilding, with turrets in the centre, and with large white stone walls around it. On the first storey five windows'had been lit up to show that 1 was expected. " The servants know that I am coming?" I inquired of the coachman. "Ohyes, sir. There, already, the guard awaits you," pointing to the figure of a man which stood in the middle of the road on a stone pedestal, aud in the attitude of a military salute. This person held a long stick in his hand, as though it were a gun, and,' at my approach, commenced to beat a drum and blow, a trumpet with which he was provided. Then he jumped down from the pedestal, and pntting the Btick between his legs, as though he were riding horseback, he ran before my carriage like an outrider, and shouted incessantly: "Make way there. This lord is lord even in the, regions below/' - , " This fellow must be drunk," I stud to the coachman; but I received no sort of reply. The servants in tho house, though they saluted me when they learned, by tms noise, that it was I who hadarrived, made no attempt to quieten the man, who was behaving so ex • traordin&rily; This puzzled me much.; .When; having dismounted, 1 got - to the door of-the castle, this guard or 'watchman suddenly stopped dead and drew himself up like a" statue, saluting again with military dignity. I.looked into his face. It was. the most honestfuce. I had ever seen, 'expressive" of deepdevotion.1. • ".This tnan is not drunk,"-1"said to myself; "he is simply a little bit off his head/* In the courtyard I saw a short man,of about ,five,feet'- high,1- whom I inferred, to he the huntsman from the green collar he'woro.;, . ~V Good evening, friend," I said. "Are yon* thehuntsman?" - ;' This person made no reply to my inquiry. He. measured mewith. his, eye from head to foot,, and-then, dra>ying. himself up proudly, he folded- his: hands behind him and walked off. What sfrange-peculiaritiesrthese servants of mine possess, I reflected and. how should 1 get accustomed to their behaviour ? . • -.Just as I. was .wondering'thnB a man ap proached me with a yery merry smile.. He was unable, jovial sort of fellow of about forty. His extraordinary facet was one mass of wrinkles, from laughing, in which he indulged I at the faintest opportunity "However, ar," he said. " he's excited yon. If you only knew:how eagerly we have awaited' I you. : xxa 1. ha! ha.! The room has been I warmed, and the bods cleaned; Ha, ha! I am. so pleased that you arrived safely. Ha, ha!—: he, he! I am the most humble valet of your lord ship. He, ho!" V ^"1 blessed heaven. that I had at last found a laughing sun in- tlie house.- Yes, this good, fellow, I though^wishes to make no secret of the fact that he • is delighted to.see ine. - At this moment the coachman approached towards i me as though in order, to speak. The valet i "drew me'aside. x ."V/Take.no notice of that man,"-he said, Vhe* is crazy—gone clean off his head." • " Oh, I didn't know-that. -.And how ahont the' man who ran before my carriaire as an oat rider?" * - "Oh; he's clean gone, too." "This is a nice company to he amongst. And what of that little fellow who turned up his nose at me just now ?"•>•• • " He is the maddest of the whole crowd; His attacks come on monthly; - He believes he is theH3ngofirflpland;,^ - "These people have beencsrefully selected. Is the steiraMafchomeP *'• ; C V^Ies, sir.: Shall I call him?" : ; "No, I "will go myself.!'."; •'•-.* .; 'IV ; uHa, hjjyha !"**••''*• \ ' : • ~ • Twas getting impatient ; at' Ms laughter. :."What is your name?"! said.- "V V Louis, sir.' Ha, ha." : ; "Tell me," Louis, is ityourhabit always to" laugh in this manner?" - : "Oh, no, sir, Xnever laugh. Ha, ha, ha." I-was in a very nice place. This man was fool number four. ' ' "Now, my near Louis," I said, V Kindly go into convulsions of laughter and get it over. Then take me to the steward." He had meanwhile began to unpack my things in the best possible manner. His demeanour was" one of excessive politeness, but whenever 16aid anything. he exploded .with mirth, as though I had told him a splendid joke. ' "Confound it," I said ItomyBelf. "I Bball lead a.vexy charming life here with all these people." The* valet conducted me to . the steward, and I then let him go. This steward was & man somewhat past the forties,, of fine gentlemanly appearance, and clean shaved, excepting his black moustache, his fore? head being high and his eyebrows bushy. In figure he was slender and supple; and altogether he looked far more like some high State official than the steward of an estate. Immediately he learned that I was the present owner he congratulated me, and told me that I should find the estate in proper order. The deceased count, he said, was a passionate agriculturist, and was continually introducing new features into the property, with very good result. He talked to me about the cattle, tbe ploughs, the threshing machines, and the system of irrigation employed on the land; ho evidently had a considerable veterinary know ledge, and he .went on to particularise the English pigs which I possessed, the tine boars, and the polled cows, which yielded twenty pints of milk a day. With this highly intelligent manl was greatly pleased, and as he went "ou. describing the property, of which I was master-1 took out a cigar and prepared tb'light it. Mr. Malszer, seeing what I was about to do, begged me most politely not 'to smoke in Hs'prescnce. X immediately pat the cigar back in my pocket, thinking that the poor man mustbt/* suffering from his chest and had been earned'against the fumes of tobacco* - X decided not " to smoke-until I got to my own apartment.' * v * I asked tho steward about the other servants, telling him that, they seemed: to me'very peculiar, the coachman"*", telling me he had murdered his own brother, the watchman riding cock-horse oil a broomstick, the. hnnteman taming his . nose up at me and declhung'to speak, and "the yalet roaring incessantly with laughter.. The steward looked at me with astonishment,. 8ayingv"I)id not the lawyer explain to yon the whole matter ?" ..•'No.' What do. you mean?" " mean the sort of servants who are in the house. / 1. am surprised that he concealed the truth.." It is simply, these—the people here aro • mad. ' The late count had a peculiar fancy for collecting mad people around him, ana he practised'cures on them himself. He had so far succeeded with these lunatics that they regained part of their senses. The coachman was a maniac, who from'melancholy had tried . three times to commit suicide. He is now ^pretty well ed right except that he'feels cer tain he murdered his brother in cold blood." ' N "Then he didn't do it." " Oh, dear ho, sir. ' It is his fancy. As regards the watchman, he was a lunatic whose ' chief peculiarity was that- he did not know what wait to be eaten and What was. not to be _ eaten, , but beneath the.hare of the count hei became a first-rate - servant. :The buhtsman ' was very mad indeed . when he came here. He would in fact bite anybody, and scratch, but now he is cured with the exception of an insane pride which; he. preserves. The Ivalet " was brought here-as a hopeless maniac, but now/" you'would notdce^nothing peculiar about him, . if hewould give overlaughlng. :. It ■ was a.; queer fancy on the pari; of the>conht to.import _ all these'people here : but it was a hnmahe and noble piece of work whioh few-would care to • undertake. Iam astonished that the lawyer , did not." tell you all about' it, seeing that by a clause in the will these servants are to remain here for tlto rest of their lives." ' ." He did n ot say "a' wc rd to me about their mental, condition. It is": true '.that he did not. advise'zne to come "and live here;. but all he did . was to tell me that there were such and such servants whom I must take oyer _ iuto my - 'service. ."Will you," 1 added, ." give me the / writing' materials ? I should like to send & • letter to that lawyer giving." him a slight > drubbing.".-. : . . • " Yes sir. -Here is pen, ink, and paper. I . will go and fetch! the lamp, for it is'too dark to .1 write.": • - v He brought - the lamp* and placed it on the .table. . It was certainly a funny kind of lamp covered over entirely with wire gauze, like the Davy lamps used in mines. However,* I .was hot u' a"mood:to. argue about;it,/and taking the pen I.wrote, in a drytonej to .the'!lawyer, saying that he should have hot; left mo in ' ! ignorance as to what domestics he was putting - on'my hands. 1 added that' I coula easily bring, an action against him, but that in conse quence/of .their being such an.excellent and -4 intelligent steward ' on the estate,. I should ebdea roar to settle down there.' ,./ *, • • • ^ ..^ Fixushed. x Steward,. would you - kindly give'methe, sealing', waxv -y - .. -.The steward denched bis teeth.;: Then he. replied:." Would you not prefer a wafer, sir?"- ' .ftNo, I would rather have sealing wax." * , ^Ayrafer is much stronger.". ..... "Idon't'care.4/1 said,-getting impatient; • I will have the sealing .wax.". . . % . . .a j^en,vwqidd you please to seal down the - •letter ih toe next room. You will find a candle -- there."/ /..-;./ ./' % "Isn't it easier for you to bring the candle in nere than for me.to go in that room?" ; - "I beg your pardon," said; the' steward, getting quite, pale. „ " I think I ought to tell you that I am; suffering from a very peculiar ailment. The.air which enters my lnngs turns into hydrogen* -Any room in which l remain for an hour or- so becomes entirely tilled with hydrogen; through my exhalations, and if a candle were brought into, the room or a match /. 'struck there^-the whole castle would be blown I fell back in my chair, muttering to myself, " Good heavens, this man. is a lunatic, too. : He is Ho. 5, and I myself am Ho. 6 to Have bought sucb a property as this. "What shall £ do now ? If 1 remain here I shall become a thoroughpaced lunatic, myself; on the other band, if l' leave the castle, with its lovelygarden and estate, shalllnotbe a greater fool6till?" I decided, however, to quit the place. V Good-bye,, sir," I said.to the Bteward. "Ho, don't accompany, me " (he had prepared to do so), "for perhaps someone'outside has been exhaling oxygen, and if these two gases meet they will turn into water, and I shall not - be able to swim out of it."' • I was very angry, and on my-way out I' . pushed aside this servant and that, and finally took the valet LouiB by the throat as he. stood in the way. He roared with laughter as I held him in my grip. I Baid: " Laugh away, my fnend Louis., Ton have how good reason' to do so. "Letusboth laugh—have a kind of duet. 'Ha, ha^ ha, ha! Try if yon,can im prove on that. He, he!" ' The valet joined in, " Ha, ha, he he!.". "All right, that will do. ' Clear ont, and ; tell all the other fools that they must not dalre to come near me, for I am a madman, who can:. dine on human flesh; and I shall start with/ you." " ■" The man hastily loft me, hut not without ' explosions of laughter. Having shut the door on him, I paced up and down the room like a-man who has got ' himself into a pretty pickle. Four rooms opening into each other constituted .my private apartments, and they seemed to be too little as I walked_ restlessly to and fro. . The. firo was blazing in thc hearth ; the supper was on the . ; - table. I; would hot eat^-who knows what lunatio has cooked the food?—perhaps wimo .■ plague-stricken fowl, which would "produce a revolution on my stomach"; My bed, moreover, {■£* was made ; and I thought of rotiring forthwith : ; to rest. ; ' Ify mind was wavering. Shquld I leave the estete, and buy another? This would eat up the'whole.of my-spare capital, and I should hare nothing' to work with. This was absurd.7 Should I- bring an action against the lawyer? No ; for anyone who goes to law is a lunatic. Oh, how .catching this complaint seemed" to. ' be. Then I said to myself: "If I remain here, and take no notice of the peculiarities of these servants when they play antics before •me, but keep a switch for them, and give them a taste of it now and then, I might be able to ~ .manage with them. But, after all, who could : have tne heart to beat such miserable objects ?" \- 'Next I thought of selling the property, but here my conscience stepped in. No one would buy it, unless I concealed the truth about the( .servants, and this I could scarcely do, though' • I must confess that if anyone bad at that moment put down two thousand pounds for • the property I should probably have taken it. . I could come to no determination, and I worked myself up into an angry and impatient condition. I looked at the pictures on the walls, and wished that those venerable ances tors would step out of their frames, and come and have a little supper with me at ray table, talking a gibberish of which I did not under stand a word. What an abominable nuisance that people shculd keep their ancestors in \- frames, aud inflict them upon the purchaser of their property! Whenever ho opens a door he s thinks there is one of them standing before him. It would be far better if they were old fashioned, respectable ghosts, who-came up through the floor, or down from the ceiling, • with a rustling of chains, or invisible spectres who hoot like the midnight owl. ' I put out the lights one by one and went to" bed. The moon, that patroness of fools, looked through my window just as if she had nothing else to do bnt to make "faces at me. I had never before seen her screw up her mouth at me, and'squint like she did ,now. Never did a pumpkin-faced clown make such grim-' aces", at anyone. I. felt 'very much. annoyed. : At last I perceived a bed curtain, which I drew to one side,'so that it prevented the moon from doing all these things at me—which she lad ho business'to do. \- Suddenly it began to get dark in the room, but by the occasional flicker of the fire I just \- perceived in the obscurity the picture of the deceased count on the wall. It was quite facing me—and it seemed to be coming nearer . and nearer until it was at my side, and feeling . my pulse and lowering its eyebrows, exclaimed, " There is one lunatic more in tho place." Yes, every animate and every inanimate object in this place had decided to haunt me. When I drew down a cord which was attached to the clock, in order to wind it up, it commenced to strike, and went on striking hundreds and hundreds of times—I counted 250 strokes, and then lost the reckoning. I noticed a sort of little sere w tap at the edge of my bed near the wall. Out of impatient curioatyltwisfeditroundtwoorthree times. • The "bed thereupon gave a deep sigh or . groan, and I felt myself sinking down-and down, until the bed was as flat as a sheet of paper. I jumped up in a fury. What was it?. Oh, ves, of course, it was an air bed, and I had simply let opt the air. But I began to get savage. Not only were my servants stupid, but everything elso was playing the fool—pictures, bed, moon, &c.;, &c.; But I grew determined. "No," X said to myself, "I will not leave i the'castle. I shall stay here. I will break in 1 these servants, subdue the servants, modify the clocks, and " Suddenly something stopped my reflections. What was it ? The sound of ethereal music, just as if the voice of some < angel had been wafted to my ears. I could not imagine where it came from, but it seemed to be near and distant by turns, and it deeply excited my feelings. Then it vanished altogether—bnt not until I had been quite enchanted. I had now forgotten the anxieties .connected with my new household. I opened the window, gazed into the moon light and listened. The window looked out on ! the courtyard, hut no sound waB audible save j ' the occasional hark of a dog. I went out into the corridor, and as I stopped to listen to the • echo of my own footsteps I heard the ^oice again. It sounded now as though it were beneath me. It was a beautiful melancholy voice, which was not singing a worded song, but a sort of fantasia such as dictated by im pulse—a melody emanating from the soul. .It had neither rhythm nor measure ; it was like the music of the forest birds. Yet it was 60 . - exciting, so heavenly, that 16tood transfixed to thekpot. Presently, however, it stopped again, and I regained the mastery over myself, and then I surmised that there must be another lunatic in the bouse—a girl who did nothing but sing, and who probably lived in one of the rooms beneath. I took my candle and com* : xaenced to search for the unseen syren. It was not a very nico curiosity on my part, but I • simply , wanted to get nearer to her, without wishing to invade her privacy ; so that I might listsn to her singing through a single wall. It aeemed as though the old castle had been built in such a manner that any visitor quitting his room at night should bo nnable to find his \- way back. ' I wandered over the entire first storey, through two or three winding corridors; . I passed down one Btaircase and up another; three times I walked past a certain clock, finally I opened the door of a chamber which seemed to be familiar to me. It was my bedroom, and I don't know how I got back to I it. I know this, however—that, to my great j surprise, I noticed that the air cushions of my bed were again properly blown out, that in the grate a cheerful fire had been re-kindled, and that the big picture which hung near the bed ; had been covered with a gTeen curtain. _ Some one must have been here.. I commenced to listen once more. Again^ I heard the voice— now it seemed to bo overheard. -Atldst I went ' to bed for tho second time.!. Something seemed j ■to draw me downwards; and I felt like a child | being rocked in its cradle by a nurse who is singing to it, and who sings and sings until the infant is asleep. I only&wokefrom; my dreams ' at eight in the morning. They sav that the impression of a dream sometimes decides the destiny of a man. - [to BE CONCLUDED NEXT Tf£ixj j 