SHREDS AND PATCHES ?' ;''''' ,:r; :''' (By Abots,) ? '''??''''-.: PBBfifl. The i Tasmania'n Stanley is on the War-riath again. After he had roamed through darkest Tasmania till 'e didn't '* know where 'e were-, sn ungrateful country took Mb Government billet away from him, and seat him { -; back unwept, but not unsung, to t'e I '? mutt n produoing Midlands. Havinj* ?; promised the Midlanders that if he Rot 1 ., i into Parliament again he would be a very 1 good boy and do as he was told, they took him at hia word, and sent him oack to pose .-.once more as a legislative curiosity. . \ The . Jampbell Town Stanley loveth not the press. ~ Some yearc ago he complained in the House that the Hob.rb morniog thunderer hid failed to report, him. He had cast hia oratorical pearls before journalifets who fcy their own action had ' \ declared themselves swine. Next morning ? the paper comp'ained of devofc d a few ? lines to the gent whoai bump oE locality is Evidently a trifle Jop-i-idad. He was in formed that jaressmeo. could only afford 'time, and newspapers could only dev te space to recording the utterances of the leidinur members of the House, aad so the 'small fry muss he content to take their , ,. chance. ABthe hon. member in question tanks with the smallest of onr legislative fry, he should not complain if occasionally !'??' he happens to be passed over.' The Camp : bell Town representative is now asking for a return o£ railway passes issued to mem b?ra of the press. He swears ha will get back on Dhose reporter fellows s-mehow. ' ''There is one thing W, T. B. should re member however ; a' tree railway trip granted to a pressman is invariably pro : duotdve of a result in some way or ano-her useful to the colony at large, on the other . - hand where a certain type of politician is concerned' ehrap railway travelling is hardly so satisfactory; in fact the country i ? might posBibly be the gainer were the fares .rendered prohibitive. ; ? Campbell Town Brown is not what might . . ? ; ; , be termed a brilliant states .oeobge , man, but he endeavours to .'.'',.;..,'; .town make up for hia-' lack of ..-.',!., and political acumen by delaying. r',OAMTBBliL the business of the country ',.'' 'town. as much as possible This . '!.'.!, he does by interrupting any : .fellow member who happens to have any thing to say worta listening to, as often as .' h'e possibly can. Most members take the 'interjections of the ex-Coasprv^tor of Forest for what they are worth, but the fiery George Town, the vanquisher of the Macdonald, pulled him up with a round turn in the House tbe other evening.' .George Town was making bis speech on the piscatorial budget-, and Campbell Town was incessant in his interjections. At last . George Crosby Gilmore could bear the 'interruptions no longer, eo stopping in his ' address, he looked straight at the man who once was lost in th-j bush, and ex claimed ? Oh you go to — the forest.' Camp bell Town got quite a start, for he fully expected that the hon. member intended to consign him to a somewhat warmer locality, and for the remainder of that : evening he judiciously held his tongue. During the course of the entertainment given- in the Academy ;of hardly Music the other evening, by ? correct. Ernest Hosking and Miss ? '. ?!-;?.?? ???:.':???..?? Fitzroy, the ' spook ' people, a well-known and genial M.L.C.Btr oiled into ', the. dress circle. Mies Fitzroy was jusfc at \ the. time explaining the absurdity of any eaue person supposing that the spirits lof the departed would trouble themselves to visit thiB earth simply for the purposes of eating ehpeolato creams, playing tambour nes^and otherwise acting %'tha giddy garden goat' 'There is positiveVyao Buch thing' the; lady emphatically declared '»s materi alization. ' 'That may be quite correct ' ejaculated the genial M. L. C. with chuckle, 'but thauk goodness there are such things as spirits. ' A lumbering 'orny landed' son of toil k . emerged from a Launccston .to clinch boot shop last Saturday ,, the evening with his feebencased ri: jtHG0MBNT. in a pair of unusually heavy . . .., ?-..-' V;'1 navvy' blucherp, the solas of which were adorned with formid able rows of npils. ?' Ello Bill ' remarked a mate as the] new. boots caught his eye, 'my word them's a pair o' ewy uns, and no mistake.; Eeg'l r 'ob n tilers a:nt ,emP ' ' Yet.' replied BilJ, ai he took a clay V nose-warmer ' from between his lip? and looked atjthe bluchers admiringly'; ' yer see my : old . 'ooman ra3 been confoundedly argumentative lately, and I'm agoin' 'ome fco nit»Ylfc har 'ava ft +n.lb- fn hha nnnfuiiin rAri Belzeburb' \ .-.».*...?» ? The member for Cressy has as usual, been ?;.- wailing in the House over the , a WOBD-- sorrows of the poor wheat TODAN. grower, the mau whom as '?:. Daniel has it, federation ia going to annihilate. He wailed so much one evening i last week, aDd ssemed so thoroughly cast down at the awful proa pect should intercolonial free-trade ever hapfen to be brought about, that the merouiial A.I. Clark felt himself compelled to clap the protectionist champion on the baok and give him a few cheeriDg words, for Dan's gloomy presence was throwing a regular damper on the whole proceedings ; in tact he looked like a ghost at a goas you-please. A. I. informed the melancholy Ddnel that he must lemember that there were other Deoola in the r.nlonv bRHidfiH wheutgrowers; that prosperity brought to the latter would also meaa an increased prosperity to the former.and that he might well trusc the fortunes of the wheat farmer, to the providence of the future. He thought he miphc well apply the words of Cowper t5 Cressy 's tearful mBmber— Thou fearful man, fresh courage take, The cloud you S3 much dread, is big with ?.-??;?? mercy, ..:: . , . ? ,? 0 -.??; , . s .- .-. And will break with biasings on your head. As A. I. delivered the last word of the quotation he gave pne of his unapproach ably wrigglesome emiles, ' threw hia coat tails high in the air, and amidst cheers and laughter bumpad/down in his seat. Dan regarded the action of the' Attorney General as a piece of unwarrantable levity, and swearH that— Until for a section ' He gets full protection, He'll never be happy again. ? ? ? t .-. ?? -'? .??:--.. t- ??.,;. '- ? When it beoame known that the Launces ? ? ton City Council had consibtent(?) decided to .revert to the, .democracy, old-time hour of meeting, a ;. ^ew cro's-grained indivi duals who are in a chronic state of 'agin the government,' assembled together and vehemently denounced the aldermen responsible for the alteration, for the r action in not keeping the Town Hall officials engaged for about fourteen hours at a stretch on days a^ppoin.ed for the public transaction of municipal business. The indignant ones howled for the longer hours of labour, although they were all protVssed e'ght-houra men. However, CDtsisenoy, it appears, must not be expected irom those who clum to hold opinions ultra democratic. Nighs ? after njght our city fathers held forth to & handful of people, half of them without a stake in the place, but all .of them quite prepared to run the Council, the Government, or any other such light and airy concern, at the shortest notice, Th9 joke of tbe indignation gathering however, was that the chairman, who railed loudly at the offending aldermen fcr not giving the burgesses a show to be present at; the transaction of the business, oonfeEsad that he had never troubled to attend a Eiagle me-eting of the Council himself. After this admission a se'.tiel gloom descended on the proceedings, and the malcontents regarded their chairman in the light of a decided 'put away/' The other evening as I was listening to a . well-known Launcesfcon handicapped, clergyman descant on ? . the question of missions to christianize the heathen, tha following story which I had read in some journal or another, crossed my mind. ?- The anecdote ilhutrates the Bort of handicap frequently imposed on the teaching of the missionary by the observant class of heathen, who very shrewdly, has arrived at the coaclu-. sion that tho white man does nofc always practice exactly what he preaches. The B'r.ory was oviginaUy fold by Bishop Whipple, o£ Minnesota. The Dakota Indians it appears, onco held a war dance near a miagion house* The Bishop went io WabaBha; |the chief, and ssiid: ' Wa baeha, you asked me for a missionary and teacher, J gave them to you. I visit you, and the first sight is this brutal scalp dance. I knew the Chip9way whom your young men have murderer!. Hisjjwife is crying for her husband; his children are ashing for their father.|Wabasha,the Great' Spirit hears his children cry. Ha is angry. Some day he will ask Wabasha, '.Where is your red brother? ' ' The old chief smiled, draw his pipe from his mouth and said: ' White man go to war with his own brother in the same country ; kill mora mf«i than Wabasha can count 4 n all his life. Great Spirit smiles; says r Good white man ! He has my book. I love him very much. I have a good place fcr him by-and-by. ' The Indian is a wild man. He has no Great Sphit book. He kills one man, has a scalp dance. Great Spirit is mad, and says, 'Bad Indian ! I put him in a bad place by-and-by. ' Wa basha don't believe it ! ' 