TROUBLE Or JAVA. SOMB ItfFOKICATIONr ABOOT THE ISLAND. . In yesterday morning's audio-day's cables appeared the news item, that a "erious rfnt amongst tbe native population of Java bad been discovered, its object beine the murder mg of the Europeans and Chinese living on the island, and, presumably, the recovery of the governing powers now in the hands of fheDutoh. Mr Warden Mowbray having recently visited Batavia, fee capital, and being known as a keen observer, a representative of this P*P®*» hy appointment, trailed on that genWemun after office hours yesterday, and was courteously received and supplied with thfi«OUOWing parti?ulKr8 oE affi&irs; generally Java is a little over a week's steam from Thursday Island, and in the British- Indi? eteamer home route. As some' drafts of Javanese have been obtained from there for Northern sugar plantations, Java claims more than a passing interest for North I Queenelanders. JAVA. The island itself is a very large cne, and catavia, its capital town, is the headquarters of the Viceroy of the vaJusble Dute i Indian possessions. With a mere handful of Europeane, a'ded by a standing army of about 35,000 men, of which lea than one third, Mr Mowbray estimates, am Euro peans, the 25 millions of natives are kept in .closest subjection j the Acheenese "war, a dis pute with a Sultan in the neighboring island of Sumatra, i? being waged, and has been for some 30 or 40 years, and lateiy the storm ing of a Bajah's fortress on Lombok Island was being carried on, so that the Dutch have no sinecure to their Eastern possessions. In the European branch of the ermy are to be found Germane and Frenchmen, but no Britishers, the latter nationality being looked on ma of the goblin species, liable to swallow army, island and all if ever permitted a foothold. Indeed, the Dutch have the same opinion of the British as Mickey Frse had of .fuB father; if they once get a hold there is no stopping them. The island is exceedingly fertile, and intense cultivation prevails in the rich valleys and the low country from the backbone ranee tonie northern coast; on which probably the most perfect system f»f irrigation in wo:ld is to he seen, much of it the result of the Indian occupation of 500 years ago. The southern coast, open to the foil sweep of the Indian ocean, presents a bold rugKed appear ance, is devoid of harbors, and generally is of an inhospitable character. {The mountain peaks, rasing to 30,000ft and upwards, show here and here, craters in active volcanic erun tion. r j Under the ''system of culture" enforced labor In relays is supplied bv the villagers for the Government plantations ftom the planting of the crop to the reaping 1 thereof, as wall as for road-making, repairing,: and other Government purposes, ranging I from 30 to 60 days out of the year per head of the male adult population. Where the native grows his own crop, & certain propor tion also goes to this benevolent Govern ment, but, unfortunately for the cultivator the rajah of the district, elected by the vil lagers, has also his tax gatherers, and others also get a collecting commission in trii^ und so the robbery goes on from the highest to the lowest of the governing grades. There is abp the fcissil or poll tax, in addition to toe forced labor service. the CHOPS. The principal crops raised by this puicly agrarian popuJation are rice (their chief item of food), sugar, coffee, tea and spices. Aj further valuable export is teak wood, im- j mense forests of which covcr the lower slopes of the main range. From «he cheapn^s I with which sugar cane can be grown, Java is | our ugliest r;val in fliat product. The growth of the different spices, nutmeg, cloves,! pepper, etc. is strictly confined to fixed localities to ensure not only a monopsly, but i A restricted supply. Tbe gardens, except in such places have been purchased, and sub- j eeqoently destroyed by the Govesnment, TBOCm i The present outb/eair, Mr Mowbray thinks, must have a religious basis, Mohammedan ism beingthe professed belief. Each vear ail thai; cad of the better off amnng-t Javanese, as well as the Arabs or Malays, who form a strong leaven in the population' make pilgramages to the sacred c;ty of Mecca, and eucii as escape the devastating cholera there are, on their return, designated 1 fiadgis, being religious teacliera or priests with, which they combine the business of agitator which latter, as in Australia, is a lucrative' i and unlaborions occupation. These persons, \ dressed in a distinguishing white robe,emblem , of guilelessness and simplicity are the tnanu- ; facturers of public opinion. They toil not, neither do they spin, hut get there just the same. Tbe enforced labour, restriction as to the possession of arms, an# other disabilities imposed for their welfare by the dominant xaoeapwell as the hope of once more having theiR^n princes to rule over them, incline the otherwise thoroughly cowed Javanese to listen to the voice of the tempter. Their discretion so for, with tte exception of the outbreak at Bastong, some 20 ji>n ago, ® dmioiier of JSneopeaus were wpS dered, has prevented mrtta flbti % Simmering of discontent becoming apparentontha *sw fw». A. reverse sustained Mb yeer by the Dutch troops, when invading the neighboring island of Lombott, however, showed plainly the state of public feeling. hoary old rajah of just on a century old of that hithertofore mountain stronghold, aith a kingdom torn by internal dissension, had bean unable to prevent the " foreign devils" from landing at the port of Ampenan, bat then had. recourse to Oriental duplicity to overcome that disaster. ifuHng friende^ by paying a first instalment of an overdue tri bote, consisting of a million guilders worth in English sovereigns ; h# secured the aid of a portion of the invading army to ponish a sen of bin own, aged 80 odd years, whose patience had become overtaxed by hie Jong wait for the throne; and then simulating the great Jfapoleon, fell on the divided force, and defeated e;ch column in turn. Some 300 JSuropeans were killed, including many officers, and most of the resnainder, including tke Commander-in Chief, General Fetter, were severely woun ded. Sourabaya was literally filled with wounded as a result of the old chiefs conp. A few days saw the tables turned, when the mountain guns got pouring shells into Mataram, the capital, the palace not being respected by the explosives. The old chap, however, got away, it »waa said, with his treasure, which rumuor summed up at a million sterling worth, mostly in Australian sovereigns, which it is satisfactory to know, are highly esteemed by wie potentate in question, as well a* others in thjee parts. The old Rajah is really an interloper in l«ombok; his father, a descendant of the original Hindu con querors of Java, having conquered the inland. His people number about 50,00d, against the Sassacks, the original inhabitants, 400,000. The island of Lombok produces immense quantities of rice and a fine breed of cattle Theold rajah possessed three steamers, his admiral being of the Smith family, and is also a large shareholder in a line of steamers sailing under the English flag, which trades from Hingapore as a centre. There was no more heard of the aspirations of Home Rulers in Java for awhile after that. The Dutch must be given credit for not having done things by halves. If a rajah shows signs of ** swelled head " and is likely to become troublesome by getting strong in ! any district he is at once deported to some distant part of the Indies to ruminate on the mutability of things human for 20 years or eof by which time lie iug probably got very stout, and is only distantly remembered by his ! former subjects. These little actions, however, do not seem to endear tba con- ; querors to the conquered, which latter only tack opportunity to upset things. There is a tradition that when the geceho, a common lizard in. Java, croaks an uneven number of times, a Javanese prinoe will reign again. The recent wet weather, pro vided, of course, Java has also participated in it, may have given the gecchoe, collectively, severe colds; uneven croaks may hare re sulted, and as a result a number ot mal contents are cooling their heels in the various gaols of the country, with the certain prospect of short and speedy " justice." Though nominally rulers, the district rajahs are, generally speaking, mere puppets, the resident Dutch representative controlling the local administration. j GENBKAA HABITS. The Javanese is sober, certainly, and has ! (he credit of being patient and enduring. In i Queensland we know him as an inveterate thief, not fond of work, quarrelsome, and generally requiring close supervision. An idea of the cheapness of living may be gathered from the fact that at the hotel one j employee on 10 guelders per month (16s 8d) I kept two wives o^d families. Plurality of j wives is in accordance with the 3?<wan code, and a man with less than three ia very «m*11 potatoes indeed. EBIjI&ION; The religious beliefs do not appear to be strong. The mosques are very rough primi tive affairs, in marked contrast to the ruins even of the magnificent temples, one of which was 90ft high and 60ft square, which under the Hipdu dj nasty covered the land. THEJB, POUSVSS6.. Gambling with, a single die is very common, and cock fighting is a universal pastime throughout the xtaet Indies, large stakes being lost and won oh these battles, which, are carried on during the. whole of their eundays. Beating unearthly sounding gongs appeared to afford rapturous delight to those wno engaged in it. THE CLIMATE. The climate, though unhealthy in the marshy grounds, is generally speaking not a bad one. The railway, now traversing nearly the whole length of the island, in some parts rises 44JOO& above sea level, so that a few hours takes one to a mild temperature, boekaboema, the sanatorium of Bafeavia* is as cool as Toowooinba. It a only a matter of i going far enough for it, and intensest cold j tan be aecured. i SHE GOJOtEECIAL KFE. j This is mainly in the hands of the Chinese, who individually are amongst the wealthiest of the inhabitants, and Knglish and American trading companies, She t%inen >» called Bara-Djawa, and are natives ia M Hr m j bang bom and xeared iu the country, m wtti* ss boned, wbieb latter u perfbrmai in impos ^.tfasoeiitonwMiily Looking tombs. The education df the wealthier youth* u usually obtained la Chisa. The coffiee mfflH jun» worked by either Yankees or Eoglmh people, buttbesagarjBoJ^MltrSlfowbe&yco;^eee was handled in very rough style. The juice .speared to be boiled to tbe ccmnetency of melted glue, wbich ft resembled, beW placed in wicW tasiefaa^ stored on jboanl ebip for export, in a eou&ition; u obnoxious to inMiinHe as to smelL | SlkS ae to what show the rebellious i spirits bad, Mr Mowbcwf was ofropnrion fl&at; tbeyh&d; not the ghost of one under jprossiifc circumstances. The Dutch, hiving gunboats and artillery coald simply etorm way wSlsflo on fcbe island within a few bouts of ft® trouble eommeocing.? THE " Electrical Beriew'e *" annual sum maiy of electric lighting in Cheat Britain ahow« a total of ninefcj-five central ibtions already working, sixteen of which are in tbe London district. .Eighteen others are in course of erection. There are forty low teneion BfRlemi of distribution, and fifty-five high tension, showing, statistically at all events, a tendency in farorof high tension as being tbe more economical of tbe two. IFer does experience seem to bare belied tbe preference, for among the stations now be'ug completed nine axe definitely high tension, and only eix loir. A point of more general significance is the number of electric light undertakings now in the hands of immicip U authorities. There are thirty-five auch in die list of running stations, while of the undertakings now in hand; fifteen at least, and probably thi* whole, are being pro moted by up-to-date corporations. This, from tbe point of view of users of electric light, and we may hope of ratepayers also, cusnot be otherwise than a satisfactory state of thinge. > ' ' 