'NEWS AND NOTES I \ 1N A I; NUTSHELL. j V THE' BUSY MAN'S C8LUMN. j Hnmlri" move: complctod. ' I Papor piiblislicd In-riaj- at the now I ',-nricl hundftoinu otHcos nt. Hie cornur of -Fiindcrw.tinri RiisbcU Hlroels. Nearly tbe whole »f "The Herald," 1 except (ho displayed liendliijrB, thlR eveulng in "Hnt up" and the type caRt by the wonderful Linolypu uiachlucR. At tho Bendigo Police Court thismrn : Dr. tlio cbargo of assault preferred by '" Professor" Richard, tho electric he&lcr;, against Mndamo and A. BI. Stanley was called, and adjourned till 22nd July. Tho value of tha spurious German Brandy Poized by tho Customs tho vithor day Is estimated at Is (id per gab lor sixpence per holtle. Analyses .'-shows II might he safely warranted 'Jo "kill nt-40 yards." The Parliamentary Standing Com- I' inlttee on Uailways will meet at Tiir- jltameut House 011 Wednesday at 11 a.m., wlieu the sittiug will be dcrotcd rio further consfricnif Ion of the com mittee's report upou tlie proposed iiint- 'Jec Hues. Peter Wilson .Virtue was fined £2 by 'the Prahran Bench tills morning for ;couteuipt of Court. The accused called -Wni. (Jrulckshank. u money- lender,- u ' liar," In ehnneetioii ,witli a state ment made by the latter to his sollei- ijor— Mr It. A. Crouch. The R.M.S.' Lusltania, on which three cases of small-pox have deve loped, entered Port Phillip Heads this morning. .U.udcr instructions from the ('Health Board, the vessel was taken kto the Quarantine Station at Tort Ne- (jiean for Inspection. . Sir. I). .1. T. Bust writes;—' "Rc p'our artlcle Jn "The Ilerald" to-night ialiout thc-Star'Pastcl Co. A few years ago,. perhaps three, a "company" with ;;n similar title .Jmd its headquarters in ;8outliumpton, aud for a time did a (roaring business." It would seem then (that history Js utdts old business of (repeating ilsolf. Candlemnfl J)ay In the Legislative Assembly to-morrow. The great and '"burning" 'tariff question thus stated, ("Candles, lK-d per lb." Members had abetter lie careful, remembering the old & Scottish distich, j'"If Candlemas is fair and clear | ''There'll bo twu winters in tho year." /One winter- Is enough for most of us, The Banking Commission will nieol at 2i0 p.m. to- morrow, when Mr. II. 4.'. Turner, manager of the Commercial iBank, will resume his evidence, ileal- ing with the quest Ion of note Issue. Mr John Roberlsou, M.A., will also he ex amined on the questlou of a reform In the currency. On Wednesday the Com mission will meet, tit 2 p.m., when Sir Grnhnm Berry, M.L.A., will bo exam ined iih an cx)>crt on public finance. This evening " The Ilerald" Is prin ted nt and published from Its magulfi- 1 cent ucw premises, a description of ) .which Is given In nuothcr column. Wc Inntlclpulcd coming out In au entirely new garb to-day, as was but fitllug. Borne delay iu tbe delivery of new type for headings to articles, however, coin- I>ols "ua to prosout sonic shreds and 1 latches. These will disappear wilhln .tbe next day or two. The admired of nil— both "The Ilerald" and Its ofliccs. Each chal lenge comparison with nuythlug of Its kind In the Southern Hemisphere, Sometimes u change of oilicera means a decided advantage. It was the proseut town treasurer of Geelong who discovered the deficiency of L7;; odd In the cuah of the ex-treasurer, Ilarry George Oldtleld, who on Satur day last was ordered twelve months' Imprisonment for embezzling the mu nicipal funds. The illustrious name of Bright is now absent from the roll of the Bri tish Parliament, for the first time for over half u century. Mi. John A. | / Bright, the ftou of the "great tribune," 1 has given plnce to nnotlier Unionist Liberal in. Central Birniiughaii) ; aud In South-west Munchesler, ftfr. Jacob Bright (brother of orator John) has been defeated by a Conservative, Mr. Gnllowny. The great Joliu Bright was first elected to Parliament for Durham In 1841, and since theu, with only a break of a Jew weeks, n Bright Iuib nl- ways sat iu the House of Commons. Iehnbod ! > !',!! The arbitrators appointed in connec- 'tion with tbe Coal Creek dispute will meet to-morrow afternoon to deal with the matter. Tho City Court return for the quar ter ending 30th June Inst shows that there were 03S persons charged with drunkcRuess during that period. The Customs authorities do not think It would be qnitc fair to -disclose the name of the firm concerned In the consignment of so-called brandy from Germany, which 1ms just been seized and condemned to destruction. The firm iu question, it Is pointed out, may be "merely consignees acting on helmlf ot the German manufac turers ! " Questlou No. 7 of tlie scries set by "Tho Herald" with n view of discover ing a sure foundation for a currency creed, is answered this evening Ijy a number of correspondents, whose re plies are given on page 2. Tb( next, question is stated,' and, (is It is ditficult to give an explanatory answer to It In 70 words, we have extended the Uinll to 200 words. Replies with which wo may he favored will be published on next Monday evening. Mr Robert M. Kerr, who had been arrested on the charge of nillcting grievous bodily barm 011 Martin M'Gttaue nt Young and 'Jackson's Hotel. 011 nth lust., was "honorably discharged" by tho Prahran Bench this morning. Detective Bear, stated that it had been proved to the satisfaction of the police that the accused was not even in the hotel on the occasion of the assault, and, therefore, had 'no thing, whatever to do .with it. . The following gentlemen were ad mitted to nractiHc us barristers and solicitors this morning,' viz., Alfred Ni cholas Hopkins, on the motion of Mr Plgott j Plillip Aclnnd Jacobs, on tbe motion of tlie Attorney-General ; Geo. Molr, on the motion of Mr Purvcs, Q.C., and Mr Woinnrskl ; James Wiilt- side M'Cny, ou tbe motion of Mr Cus sed ; Duguld Gordon M'Dougiill, ou the motion of Mr Welgall ; Win. .Wright, on the motion of Mr Wasloy. Wo have received a uumber of nddl- tloual lol.lers on the subject of compul sory vaccina tlon. but .ln iio ease do we find Iu them, anything strikingly new or important. .Mr. Pyke, secretary of the Anti-vaccination League, sends one/written at' great length, and said to he "an answer to Dr. Grcsswcll." It Is rather. conveniently overlooked that Dr. Grcswell's statements to our re- porer were themselves answers to the autl - vaccinationists, to whom - wc lately opened our columns. Up to two o'clock to-day nothing had been seen or beard by tbe police of the young lmntmakcr, llcnry Shnrlnml. who seriously assaulted tbe elderly woman, Mrs Bond, at Colllngwood yes terday. It Is generally 1>elleved that he has committed suicide l>y drowning, us he was suffering from delirium tre-; mens nt the time of the outrage. De tective-sergeant O'Dounell. with De tectives Brltt and Guthrie and Com stable Commons, arc searching for the nmu. "A Sufferer," who Is apparently a hotelkecpcr, writes to complntn that Indian rupees linvo been passed ujion him sts two-shilling pieces, as a florin is usually called. lie managed, how ever, to dispose of two of thein for Is 3d each, therefore he has not come off so budly. Our correspondent asks for a reform in the law, but hardly In dicates how that Is 'to be brought nhout. . Tlie rupee Is not a current, coin here, aud ought not" to bo accepted. A person who knowingly passes ono of these coins off as a two-shilling piece Is liable to be convicted of fruud ; a; person who accidcntiy does so stands a very good chance of bong charged with fraud. People should take care, in money matters. FIFTH EDITION. news and NOTES IH A- ... nutshell. (Contimjf.d Pitotf Pao 1). There was a large business done on 'Chance hi BallnruirifMhiy. m-arty Mmivs heing sold. My < intnif Instruments at noon to day tin readlm,' worn Barometer, ftu.uftO, smiJoiutry ; fberiuoiiieier, in tin; snu, 97de?j.: shade, r»rdc<. Board of PuhlJo returns for laai week show thai;' as compared icitli Die same period last yuir. typhoid and scarlet fever iire-U'iiilnlsbln;;, uud dip tlioriu Is Iwrea.slox. Mr .John Frauds Fvatis, usher of the DJnok Hod. Tasmania. found dead In his Inn! at llobart this moralum He .was e)«hty-!ive years of ago. and had been ill tbe public service since 1838. The report of tin; Chief Inspector of Fiiclorles shows that factories, employing :U.L»«S persons, were regis. tered In 1MH. In I VP."., with re mistered faciorli's. there were 9tC» more hands employed. , The woman Mary Kelly, who Ls ul- 1<«h! to have had her skull fractured hy soinf? women in Queon street on S?.U unlay afternoon is reported to b- in tt serious condition In the Melhou- Ho. pltJil, unfavorable symptoms having HUpel'V«:1i<rd. No arr»it:» have )'< mude in connection wt.I nssiuilt. ' A little jrlrl named Violet Isaacs. four years of age. died at the (Jhlldren'r JlospltaJ, Carlton, tills morning from injuries sustained through her clothes catching tire. The deceased was the daughter of Mr Sydney Isaacs. In Jcthbrldge Htret( Moonce Ponds, und was admitted to the hospltul on the in th of Just month. An Inqu-st will he held. This tnoroing l:t the Criminal Court Before Mr Justice Mood and a jury of twelve, a youth mimed Frederick Ste- liheiiM pleaded guilty to .HtetlUng U liorse, the property of Dovld Malcolm Hon. at Oolmrs, on Bth Jniie, He ad milted a previous conviction for a similar offence, for which he had been Bent to gaol for twelve months. JEle yvu.s remanded for sentence. The number of telegrams f"?nt on police liusioe.sk during the quarter ended .'.trth June lust for the whole of the Metropolitan Police District v/aa only "0 This restricted use of the tele gmph ofllce Is due to the desire for re irenchment. ' -Members of the police force are very chary at present uhout m-ndlng tf-kfrrums, excepting on occa sions of urgent necessity. Mr». Annie Bold, who was wounded In the throat and neck hy the huotinukor, Henry, Hhurnruu, at No. 15 Bullarut ntreot, Collingwood, yesrterduy. In pro Kresnlng favorably In the Melbourne Hospital. The wound In the throat in just over the carotid artery, but Is of a superficial character. The most serious Injury, i« that at the bark of the neck, bat the pattent'H recovery Is hopefully expected. A painful accident happened to-day to Alfred Long. J 9 years of age. resid ing at No. Hi Lifllc Buckingham St., Ulchuiond. £Ie was taking u horse out of a spring cart in a right-of-way, when tbemfilmnl Rlarted. and Juuimedy LoiiL lietwoen the curt and the :,wulU. He was inkeri to the Melbourne Hos pllitl. where it was fount I that he had sustained severe Internal Injury. J'U was admit! ed for treatment. HiishIu commands Jupnttto hurry up nutl get out of Chirm. Certainly the Kanlerii Power haH been taking thlugs very coolly for the last few months, jrad It Is not surprising that the Chair's Government has become a Utile dis trustful. "Withdraw at ouco,'' the Russian mandate now is, "commenc lugtul lx>a» Tons. "Wliat-now about those Japanese fortifications at Port 'Arthur V 'Are Ihey to be used against hiikmui ,'i The Hallway Commissioners state that they have been taking active sncanua.fi to suppress the ruffianism ul- IcKctr-toOJC cniTlod on by certain pus- Bongcrn who travel home hy the last rmbut'btui trains in nccond -elans. smok ing carriages. Detectives have Is-en ,wutchlngo'ii the t-uulllcld limb Jissen- Uon lines especially, and one person Who liehavetl In a rowdy, manner a few nights ago was caught, and la to be prosecuted. Mr Hyder nays the depart ment 1» fully alive to the necessity of protecting respectable travellers from Insult and annoyance, und the bye-laws will be enforced accordingly. An umateur rendering of the ever.po jiular Irish melodrama. Th e Colleen 'Dawn la to Is? given nt the Morth Mel bourne Town Hull this evening in aid of the local brunch of the Society of St. rvinwint do Paul. This bruuch haa .only been in existence for nine -months, and during tlmt time Its members have paid about SSO Visits, giving relief to the extent of I'M, distributed over UZ families, those comprising aftf Indivi duals. The funds of tin; iirnnch are now just about cxhutistod, and It Is to augment thern that Mr. "Will Lyons and Ilia .talented company have kindly con sented to produuu The Colleen Pawn this evening. His Excellency Sir John Madden will this evening, ut the Melbourne Town Hall, distribute the awards granted by the .ttoyui llumunv Hoclety t»f Australiuila during the past year. Mr Geo. Lush, the president or the Hoclrtty, will occupy the chutr. Ad dresses are to.be delivered by his Ex cellency, the hon. the Postmaster General (Mr J. G Duffy), the Jiov. F. Hercuant, and others. The 'Actlng- Clovcmor will be received by a guurd of honor, furnished by the Tlnrhor Trust Buttery or the Victorian Artil lery, under Major J. J. Ilanby. Mr Ohurlttrt Hykes wll preside at the organ.- Admission free by ticket, to be obtained us advertised. Tin Clarke Medal hi H> be presented to Mr J., M, Tonkin, of Bendlgo. A young lady will ulsu be presented with in award. La<ly Madden and Miss Madden ni e 'to l>c present. "Slx-Hhooter ." writes Would you kindly tell mc 1f It Is against the law to shoot down a ghost, or a i»ersoti lift ing as. one ? Jf. so,, what may anyone do In retaliation If he springs out upon you vM— We Imvc not sent the Inquiries to our legal adviser, for wo quite recog nise that "The Herald" Is not large enough to contain a complete Htute- mont of the law us t.» when a man may shoot and when he may not. If you can be quite sure that it Is it ghost you are tlrlngrai, by all 'means blaze uway, taking care only that the bullets do not 'strike 'disinterested passers- by.. Hut the person "acting us one" Is bust .tackled at close quarters with a bind- ; ,t;eon. JSuen-if you' kMl him. youthen Htand d better chance IWore- a, jury. The laty really is that you -are.- jau>et i - titled flo lire at. with a view -of klllioff, a.muu uiiIush you arenepecfl of your own life. Personal could gvt a- fair shot at a.persimvwstlng us a. Rhast„wo would. tako\iUBood deal of risk, as to legal conHuqueiioe»q ?but we do not advise tJiut course to any- bodr.tdMk . .... i — The Bftnllgo Slock Market was (lull tteday. j The railway revenue for lasl week I showed a fulling off as compared with | ihb fornwpontliua week of last year. I The prior conviction ugaiust four j .prisoner charged at the Carlton f'onrl "to-day totalled sixty-eight, the great er uumbor agalust oue being nineteen and. the lowest fonnceu. Seventy suspensions of Section HO of the Factories' Act. thus cashing oc cupiers of factories to work their bumls overtime under conditions re cently published lu "The Herald." .were grunted during. IMF. The defeat of Sir William Horcourt at Derby regarded as a great blow to the Liberal Party. In' Hug land. Al ready Sir Wlllkim bas "been urged to offer klius?lf for other coastltuenclea. and will In all probability do so. For unlawfully jssinilUug Thomas W. .Kilpatrlck. -nt the South Yurni Market ou Saturday last, a man named James Miller was lined -Ids. In default fourteen days' imprlfontuent. by the Prnhrtu Bench io-«luy. Ai-cordhi" to the report of the Chief Inspector of Factories, invaluable work has been dotn- iltning the past year by Miss ('iMhliHri«oii. feuitile Inspector of factories. This ladv. however, com- I>inlns that the pnnHies in case of breaches of the Act arc too amull to act us a deterrent, Bussla active In her naval affairs. Four tlm-ckm cruisers added to her Pacific squatlrou. which lu future Is to be maintained at uu Increased strength. The Czar may be u wan of pence, but be plainly believe In being prepared tor cooiiugeucle. The North Melbourne Police Court was euguged ibis nfteruoott. bearing a charge of siorebreaklng preferred against n wotnnu named Anu Sparks. The accused denied the charge, am! the' bench did uot ihluk that the pro- setMitluu was successful lu establishing it case for n jury. The'woumtt was. therefore discba rgcil. The Mluister of Public Works has to day been lu consultation with Mr Car lisle. hre Parliamentary draughtsman, wth regard to the framing of u bill for the Yarra improvement 'works, Mr Taverner will submit the scheme ro his.-cqlleagues as pooii us he receives notification from the local bodies cou cerned that they accept his proposals. He does not anticipate that there will be. any delay In proccdlng with the work. Mr Duffy applied to the Full Court thN moraiug to grant a certificate iliur Mr William Harrison Moore. Dean of the Faculty of Law at the University of Melbourne, caiuo to the colony with the intention of bciug admitted to the bur, and with a bona tide Itelief llr.it he was so eutltlcd. and without fur ; ther quullficjuJou. The Court granted the application, and intimated that the course for Professor Moore »o pursue would be to go liefore the Board of Examiners and obtain a certificate That lie had compiled with ihe neces sary preliminaries. He would then come before the Couri lo show that ho hud aulhclent knowledge of tlie Sta rote law- ofiVlctorla, , 