"This House To Let!" BY AMY RANDOLPH. —v/W\v— "YES," said old Mrs. Pounce, nodding her orange-colored cap-strings, "they put me in—the House Agency did—to take care of the house ; with a big painted TO LET stuck up in the front windows, and coal and house-rent free. Which I don't deny, my dear, is an object to a lone female like me, with neither chick nor child, and my own way to make in the world, with fine laundressing out of the question, on account of rheumatism in the finger joints. 'You seem like a respectable person, Mrs. Pounce, who has seen better days,' was what the house agent said, when he handed over the keys, 'and,' says he, I think we may trust you to take good care of our doorsteps and windows, show applicants over the house, and answer all questions. ' ' You may say so, sir,' says I, with a courtsey ; there's many houses I've had charge of, and never a fault has been found yet. And this shan't be the first one,' says I. 'We've a large business,' says Mr. Eagle, ' and if you give satisfaction, Mrs. Pounce, says he, as civil spoken as possible, 'it's likely you'll never be without a roof to your head !' " Well, my dear, of all the nice houses—and I've se[en] many in my day—this was the nicest. Brown-stone front, with a bay-window and a snug garden planted all in box-borders, hot and cold water all through, a little conservatory with an arched glass roof at the rear, and the hall door covered with real Minton tiles, as made you think you was walking on pictures ; walls painted in Cupids and Venuses and garlands of bowers, and dados of hard wood all throughout. Neighborhood most de- sirable ; drainage and sewerage perfect, and churches conveniently near. Excuse me, my dear, if it sounds like an advertisement, but Mr. Eagle, the agent, wrote it down for me, and I never rested until I'd committed it all to memory, so I could speak it off, easy like, without any stops or hitches. And this I will say, as can't be said of all advertisements, there wasn't a word in the agent's description but what the house bore out ! "And the board hadn't been up twenty-four hours before there was a rush to look at the house. Young married couples as wanted to leave off boarding ; old married folks as wasn't suited with their location ; boarding-house keepers as made believe they was private families ; and private families as wanted to take a few select boarders. But the rent was put up tolerably high, and most of 'em dropped off, after I'd named the sum. " 'Never mind. Mrs. Pounce—never mind,' says Mr. Eagle, rubbing his hand. ' Its a house that there'll be no difficulty in letting, without any reduction of rent. Just wait,' says he, ' until the spring sets in.' " But, one day, in trots an old gentleman, with gold spectacles, and a smooth- shaven face and business writ in every wrinkle of his forehead. " 'This house to let, ma'am?' says he. ' Yes, sir,' says I. " ' Can I look at it ?' says he. " 'Certainly, sir.' says I. I began, as smooth as oil, about the hot and cold water, the marble-floored bath- room, and the Minton tiles when, all of a sudden, he put up two hands in a warning sort of way. " 'That'll do, ma'am,' says he, 'that'll do. I've eyes and I can see for myself.' " ' Certainly, sir,' says I; but I won't deny as I was took aback by that queer dictatorial way of his. " ' Any ghosts about the place, ma'am?' says he. " ' Sir ?' says I. " ' Ghosts ?' says he, out loud and sharp. 'Mysterious footsteps—lurking shadows—clanking chains at mid- night ?' " ' Mercy, no, sir,' says I, beginning to feel my flesh creep all over. " ' Rats ?' says he. " ' Certainly not,' says I— 'with solid cemented cellar floor and sealed boards.' " ' Cockroaches ?' says he. " ' Look for yourself, sir,' says I, bridling up a little. " ' I like the house.' says he, after he had gone sniffing about the drain-pipes, and peered into the coal-cellar and wine-vault and sounded the copper boiler with his knuckles, just for all the world as if he was in the plumbing business. ' You may tell the agent, I'll take it, if he and I can come to terms about the rent. When shall you see him?' " ' Most likely this afternoon, sir,' says I. " ' I'll drop in at his office to-morow, at nine,' says he. 'I'm going to be married,' says he, as composed as if he was going to take a blue-pill. And the house will suit my wife's ideas. She thinks we're going to board,' says he, with an odd sort of chuckle in his throat, 'and she's not a bit pleased with the idea. It'll be a pleasant surprise for her,' says he. " Well, no sooner had he gone than in comes a stout middle-aged lady, in a black silk dress, rows of curls on either side of her face, and cheeks as red as any cabbage- rose. " ' I've just come from Mr. Eagle's office,' says she. ' He has given me the refusal of this house in case it suits me.' " ' I don't know, ma'am,' says I, but what it's let already.' " 'Let already ?' says she, with a sort of scream. ' But that's impossible ! Don't I tell you I've the refusal of it? Show me the premises at once.' " Well, I was in a pretty puzzle, as you may believe; but I went all over the house with the curly lady, and she declared it met her fancy exactly. " ' Possession on the first of November, I suppose?' says she. " ' Yes, ma'am,' says I, 'if—' " 'There's no "if" in the question,' says she, as short as pie-crust. 'You may take down the "To Let," my good woman.' "I courtesys very low, but I says to myself; 'Not if I knows it, ma'am, without orders from the agent him- self.' "Away went the lady with the curly hair and the rose-red cheeks, and I was just putting on my hat to run around to the house agency, when in comes Mr. Eagle himself, all smiles. " ' Well, Mrs. Pounce,' says he, 'so the house is let ?' " 'To my thinking, sir,' says I, 'it's let twice over.' "And I up and told him about my old gentleman. " 'Dear me,' says he, 'this is very perplexing. At what time was this personage here?' " ' The clock struck twelve, sir,' says I, ' just as he went away.' " Mr. Eagle hit himself a blow over the forehead like a play-actor. " 'Confusion worse confounded!' says he. ' It was twelve, precisely, when my customer left the office. We can't split the house in two, can we ?' says he. ' Well, we must tell your old gentleman just how it happened. I dare say he'll be reasonable about it.' "But he wasn't reasonable, Mr. Eagle told me after- ward : he never saw any one in such a rage. " ' I've taken the house, say he, 'and I'll have it, cost what it may. Do you say that the rent is thirty shillings a week ? I'll give you thirty-five: if my claim and that of this lady are equally good, the question of price must settle it.' " Well, we supposed —me and Mr. Eagle—as that was an end to the matter. But not a bit of it. The lady came that same afternoon with an upholsterer and a tape- measure to see about the carpets. " 'Thirty-five shillings, indeed!' says she, with a toss of her curls. ' It will take more than a paltry thirty-five shillings to unsettle my plans. I'll give two ponds rather than lose the house !' "When my old gentleman hears this, he grinds his teeth in a manner as was fearful to hear. " ' lt's my house,' says he, ' and I will have it! Two pounds live, Eagle !' " ' Come,' says Mr. Eagle, 'matters are getting lively. Real estate is looking up in the market,' says he. " But you should have heard what a whistle he gave when I told him, the very next day, that the curly lady had authorised me to offer two pounds ten. " I'll not stand this any longer, 'says Mr. Eagle, jumping up and sending his papers flying all over the table. 'I've a conscience, if Fate has made a real estate agent of me. Tell her to come around this afternoon, and sign the lease. Two pounds ten is nearly twice what we asked. " So the curly lady had her own way after all. "The bald-headed old gentleman stamped around in pretty rage when he heard as the house was let. " ' I'll sue the agency,' says he. 'I'll have the house if it costs me all I'm worth!' " ' Oh, hush, sir, hush!' says I, all in a tremble. Here comes Miss Wix now " ' Who ?' says he. " ' Miss Wix,' says I. 'The lady as has taken the house !' " And I got behind the door, fully expecting a scene, after all that had come and gone. But to my surprise, she gave a little shriek and flew into his arms. " ' Dear Josiah !' says she. " ' Dearest Barbara !' says he. " ' How on earth came you here?' says she. " ' I was looking for a desirable residence for you, my own angel,' says he. " ' You duck !' says she. " ' And I thought this would exactly suit you,' says he. " ' Oh !' says she, ' it does. And I've hired it at two pounds ten a week on a five year's lease. It seems a good deal of money to pay, but I've been driven to it by a horrid old cormorant who was determined to have the house at any price !' However—' " 'Barbara,' says the old gentleman. with a little gasping sound in the throat, as if he was swallowing a lump, 'that cormorant was /.' " ' You don't mean—' says she. " 'That we've been bidding against each other,' says the old gentleman. "Yes, we have. ' " ' And I was going to give you such a pleasant surprise,' says she, pulling out her pocket-handkerchief. " ' It is a surprise,' says he. But as for the pleasure of it—Never mind, Barbara. Let's go in and measure for the carpets and curtains. Let bygones be bygones— but the next time we drive a bargain, perhaps it might be as well to confide in each other. Two pounds ten a week—on a live years' lease—is almost too much to pay for a pleasant surprise ! ' " So that settled the matter, my dear," said old Mrs. Pounce. " They were married in a month, and came there to live. And of all my experience in house- letting, this beat everything—and so everybody says, my dear, who hears the story. Another cup of tea? Nor a muffin? Then I'll put on my things so as to be ready for evening church, for the bells are ringing," said Mrs. Pounce, "and I never like to be late !" 