Br. Fairbairn on Episcopacy. In an article appearing in tho American "Congregationalist" on "Congregational ism versus Episcopacy," Dr. Fah*bairn be gins wi Uh a warm tribute to the Anglican Communion. "For the Anglican coanmu nion," ho says, "as a congregation of godly ' anon I have the most cordial affection; in .it are many loved friends whose fellow ship helps to make time more of a walk . iwith God, whose scholarship has illum ined many, dark subjects, whose love of (truth is as noble as their love of Church" i's beautiful. ./. . One has only to see ¡fche unwearied laborers of her clergy, the fulness, of her revived energies, the ser vices in the mission-field-home and,., fo reign--of her more heroic sons, the rever ence in worship she has created and culti vated in her people in order to admire the spirit which pervades and controls her ac tivities." This eulogium, however, forms the preface to a vigorous, criticism of her pretensions to possess the sole Apostolic and- authoritative . constitution ; for tho Church. That a particular polity is of divine origin and has divine rights is, he argues, an old theory. "It justified the hierarchy of Ancient Egypt, and justifies to-day the Hindu Corté system. But the modern doctrine of the. rights of man, .which holds, as Milton said, that peoples were before kings and rulers, who exist for ;-. : them, applies to the people of the Chris tian church, and declares them to be before bishops and presbyters, who derive from them under . Christ. If Peter came . back to the modern church he would lind it almost impossible to understand the claims now made in his name. He had never made any claim to the primacy- In fallibility he had never heard of. To ask him to celebrate mass would confound him utterly. In like manner, Paul would Änd the modern ecclesiastical doctrine that the episcopate was the survived apostolate, necessary not only to the bene esse, but to the very esse of the church, a thing hard to be understood. It is, continues Dr. Faii'balrn, the people who constitute thé unity and continuity of the church, !One can understand an historic pastorate, but not "an historic episcopate." There is, indeed, no such thing. Episcopates are of too many orders and kinds to allow any single type to usurp this' dignified name. "There is the type where the bis hop is either selected or approved by eccle siastical superiors; the type where he is elected by various specially-created or em powered bodies; the type where he is ap r pointed by the civil sovereign, or by his civil minister, who may be a man of any church or of none. These represent, the customs or conventions of communities, not the law and method of the Catholic and historical church. The Catholic is the universal, i.e., the people the saints,. ¡which are the only element common to all the communities; and the historical is the primitive, i.e., the church as it was When it appeared upon the stage of his tory." The true and only bishops in the Catholic and Apostolic, Church are those ,whom "the Holy Ghost hath made over seers, to feed the Church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood." 