A RUSSIAN LEGEND. (From the Globe.) It may not be generally known that M. Adolphe Badin, the historian, has written an interesting work on St. Petersburg, in the course of which he relates a curious ghost story connected with the Imperial Family, which caused much sensation among the credulous a few years ago, and which still affords food for the gossips. It took place in the Church of St. Isaac, which contains, among other relics, a statue of the Holy Virgin, covered with precious jewels offered to her by the faith ful. It appears that not long after the death of Alexander II. a peasant was interrup ted in his prayers by the sudden appear ance of a phantom which rose before him. It was that of the assassinated emperor, who wore the same blood-stained mantle as that which he had on at the moment of his tragic death. The spectre walked slowly to the statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minutes, and then vanished. The peasant, although striken with terror, was able to follow the movements of the omys terious visitor, and felt sure that he was not dreaming. Still trembling, he described his adventure to the verger of the church. who shrugged his shoulders and said he must have been drunk at the time, and bad taken his visions for realities. The verger nevertheless reported the event to his superiors, who naturally laughed at him. But on the following day the ghost re-appeared. Again he advanced towards the statue and prayed, raising his hands towards Heaven. This time abe verger was there and confessed that the peasant had rot made a fool of him. He did not, however, lose his head, and, though afraid to approach the phantom himself, he called in some of his colleagues,, who, like him, felt stupefied at the sight. The Czar seemed to cast a sorrowful glance at them, and then disappeared behind a pillar. The witnesses of thir strange scene made their declara tion to the Grand Marshal of the Court, swearing to the truth of what they had seen. On the next day the same apparition occurred. On this occasion the spectre not only prayed to the Holy Virgin, but also walked round the church before vanishing. No doubt could now be enter tained on the subject-the soul of Alexander II. was tormented, and needed more prayers and tapers to release him from purgatory. The news was borne to the Court, where, it is hardly necessary to say, it created deep astonishment. At first it did not encounter absolute in credulity. The members of the Holy Synod were consulted, and they promised to inquire into the matter. But Alex ander III. lost no time in expressing his indignation that credence should be given to such a story, which was an insult to the memory of his father. He sent for one of his detectives, in whose skill and fidelity he had the greatest confidence, and ordered him to clear up the mystery. The drtective went to the church, and hiding himself behind a pillar waited for the result. In due course, the phantom appeared once more, and, as on previous occasions, directed its steps towards the statue. The detective, although not a superstitious man, felt somewhat uneasy. He had served Alexanddr II., and seemed to see him again as he was on the day of his assassination, with his face bathed in blood and suffering excruciating agony. The ghost prayed longer at the statue than usual. The detective, mustering up all his courage, glided softly toward it, but it moved further away. Instinctively the detective glanced at the statue, and discovered that many of the most valuable jewels were wanting. This fact at once open d his eyes, and he c'ashed after the phantom, which turned out to be something more substantial than a vision. The next second it was struggling to release itself from the detective's grip, but in vain. It was simply a thief who, endowed with some considerable imagina tion and audacity, had conceived the idea of robbing the relics in the midst of the terror caused by his apparition as the Emperor's ghost. He was taken to prison and eventually tried and condemned in secret-at least so the legend runs. The other night an attempt was made the fourth in four months-to set fire to the arsenal at Briancon. A heap of tow steeped in petroleum was brought there by aman who must heve climbed over the wall of an adjoining building. The miscreant was surprised by the soldier on duty just as he iwas throwing a lighted match on the heap. He fired two revolver shots at the sentry, happily with out hitting him, and then escaped. The military hospital, the powder magazine, and part of the town would have been in jeopardy had he effected his purpose. 