1| ITft'SYSTERYvW ' - r=7V "4.: . ' '' . 2?/> Ohoever- Thayer . chapter ii.— cnt«iobd,) c'- . v'LlTyV: /" "That must bo ifc! .' added Harry ' " loan'texplain ifc any other way," t«id Mips/Fales. " I wnsn t aware; though, that tho picture had. made so groat on im pression on mo." Sho gjhnced at him archly as alio spoke, and laughed— the tinkling laugh Frank remembered so 'Well. V,>'. "law greatly flattered, at all events," 'lie said. "I hope I have also made a eujBoiont impresoion for you to give me a Jew waltaoB." a row f ton are boo iwmose, mr. Lorraine. One, perhaps." She handed him her card, and he wrote his namo in the only vaoant placo. Then Harry olaimed her, and they danced away. " Be sure and come book to me, Its," Miss Monde called after them. Ital Then it was her r.amo ! Its Falos t He had tho whole name now, at.leaBt. But who was Arthur St. Olair 1 The last was a question which bogan to take an unpleasant prominenco in "his mind. Ctmld it bo she was privately married to the man, whom, for some reason, he had boon so strangely oaUed upon to personate? Frank did not like tlio idea. He fanoiod it still loss when, having led her out for tho promised waltz, tho fair hair almost touched his brohBt, and tho coquettish face was very near his owu, Tho dance was the last before inter mission, and as the music ceased Frank whirled his pnrtner out into the con servatory. "The supper room will ho crowded , now — lot us rest here awhile," he said, lending her toward a seoludod seat under an orange plant. "You havo such a dreadfully authorita tive way with you that I must needs obey," Ita responded, in a lightly saroa3tio tone. "You are mistaken. I assure you I am jvery moek, and capable of being i domineered over in tho most shameful | manner. I could prove that to you by an j experienoe I once had." j Frank soated himself by her side as he I 'spoke. ' l; "Tell me what it was, then I will ; 'decide,1-' she Baid, slyly studying his hand- i 'some fonturoB. I . "That I cannot do. It is a socrct i which I havo revealed to no one." " How j) revoking of you to inontion it, ' and arouse my curiosity all for nothing I , It was very roVnautie, of course ?'' j "Think of tho most romantic adventure ; !you ever had, and I can match it with rnino," returned Frank, watching her in- j 'tontly to aoo if tho words brought the recollection ho thought to awakon. 1 Apparently they did not at first, but presently she broke into a little , laugh, ;while a peculiar expression camo into hor 'eyes. "I doubt it. I had one onoe that no-' thing could match." " Let us compare noteo," ho said, lean ing over hor eagerly. . Shu shook hor head. ' j " Oh, no I Mine is far-too serious," I "Serious I" he echoed. "Mine was quite the contrary. Can't v/o make a bargain to exchange confidences some tiino ?" ..... ".Impossible.!. . But. you might .tell mo yours, that I could bo suro it was really, actually, romantic, Tiicra was a lady in itj of course ?" , " Certainly, and a very boantiful ono." ' Ita trifled with hor fan as though not entirely pleased with this answer. She made some guy comment, however, and a conversation in the same Btrain followed, on different topics, which Frank wen very Hurry to have interrupted by MisB Meade and several friends in search of Ita. Tho iattcr went away with manifest reluctance, and looked baok to amilo brightly at Frank. \- Ho hovered about her vioinity the re- ,'mainder of the evoning, although finding jfew opportunities to say anything farther, put he had the pleasuro of taking her to the carriage, and received a good -night Smile from undera blue hood, which made tier look more bowitohiiig than ever. . ir It was not unnatural, under the cir cumstances, that after this unexpected mooting Frank's thoughts wore filled with Itho charming, puzzling Ita ; and surmises bf the mystery which iiow, moio than be fore, interested him, and reawakened his .'curiosity. Ho went everywhere that ' ' there wbb a possibility of mooting her, and tnnn en mvifrranflnri in £1«a j. """" r-o uvijuttiiUitUwV that lie 'became a frequent caller at her : homo. It began to be remarkvd before long ; that the society of other ycung ladies had' ' lost all charm for- Frank Lorraine, and that Ita's colour ohanged at his approach, i " It's no use, " Harry Moado stud to hiru ono day. " I was going to fall in love with Ita Fales myself, but it is evident ' we all must yield to you, so I might ub " ; well do it with a good grace." I; "What do you moanV Frank questioned Starting. " What do I moan ?" laughed Harry. " Well, that is cool 1 There's no sense in ' Honying it, old boy ; any one can soe you ' fare dead in love with her, and, sad though it be, 'tis true that she slights every ono for you." j " Nonsonse!" exclaimed Frank, hastily, bod getting very rod. " I am actuated by entirely different motives, Harry. Some time, perhaps, I can tell you." t In wedding cards and cake!" retorted Harry, shaking his head knowingly, as ho dhctcd away up the strcot. jj». .Frank gazed after him a moment, then " jwoiit on his way thoughtfully, ' Harry's half jesting, half serious words had aroused some hitherto dormant eon- . joiouBuoss within hitpself, and from this . time his manner ohanged. . He was pre- .1 UUUj BiUUUlUt - UUVHIt v»»w : gey, light-lioarted young man, often ' xnelanaholy, 44-/'" In. faot, he eould no longer conceal '.'ftom his own self- scrutiny the fascination Jta Falos had for him, and that, had he met hor without the previous knowledge . of some strange secret surrounding Her, V ; . '., ' he should have loved her .with all his . ' . : . heart. But as it was, he must conquer all ' ' . ' ' such emotions. The mystery might be a 1;'. shameful one. Certainly, from 'what he knew of it, sofnething it must be which ' ' preoluded the possibility of her becoming Lis. V - ,< Then Frank's brow would grow dark as , ho thought of Arthur St. Olair. 1 : Who, . . : , what, and where was he?,' Was it' really , his rightful place that he himself had 't; ,y, . i assumed ? , If so, why had it been ' ' , necessary? j These. were- questions to whioh Frank ;4'4' " : ' eould find no answer, but yet, in the very " 1 , 'midst of the pain suca thoughts brought, . ' his pulses thrilled with a sweet nenee of '' having for two hours called her his wife. '' Sometimes ho was tempted to tell her I 'everything, and demand an explanation. ' : But there were now only a few weeks to i , " pass before the time would come when be had appointed - to meet him ' , again-' at' the old churoh, and. he was '.anxious' to , see if she ; would ; keep 'hor word. What would tbon happen lie did not dare think. Hooould Hold no, bright anticipations of the future, 'however. . . Meanwhile, he did not cense/hie: visits to her who had beeome thosourco of so muoh trouble. There was a , dangerous faeoination in being near her which he could not resist. . ; , - CHAPTER HI. O Ono day ho found Harry Moado arid his sister with hor. Frank could not be blind to' the blush that greoted him op Ita'sfairface, and it sot his heart throbbing wildly. ! As if to atone for the involuntarily be trayal, Ita immediately resumed hor conversation with Miss Meude, taking little apparent notice of Frank. They were talking of school days. " One is always longing for thera to be ovor, yot, when they are, one looks baok to them with regret," said Miss Mcudo. " I was terribly sorry to le&vo; tho seminary and the girls," said Ita. " Some of them I shall never see again." "It must have been a pokey place way on there," saia miss Meaae. " May I ask where you. wore at school?" asked Frank quickly. As ho had suspected Bhe would, Ita mentioned tho town and Statewhere their . first peculiar interview hod occurred. Had she been at school all tho time, he wondered jealously. Was it there Arthur i St. Olair lived ? | " It wasn't pokey at all," Ita resumed, j to Miss Meade. " We used to have 1 splendid times. The only tiling I didn't , like was Alice Weld's airs. She was my 1 chief rival and dearest foe." "And is this your only unpleasant memory?1' asked Frank, looking at her intently. " I can't aay_ even this is that," Ita answered, glancing up at him, and then down again quickly. " When one lias been victor in a battle, it is not a dis agreeable remembrance, is it?" She laughed gayly as she asked the quostion. " Not a hit of it," said Harry Meade. "It goes without saying, though, that you i distanced Miss Wold. But I hope. MiBs ' Fales that there was no young man in the case." Ita's cheeks dimpled mischievously, and hor oyes twinkled. "You must nob nBk too many ques tions, Mr. Meiido," she said with a roguish . glunrn, I "Doubtless yourself, this Miss Weld, j .and the young man about whom no j questions must bo asked, are tho chief i ingredients in that romantic experience j which you thought would match mine !" j Frank burst out, in a spasm of uncontroll able anger and jealousy. Ita gave a quick look at his disturbed countenance, and it seemed to afford her soma ground for satisfaotion. Her dimplea deepened as she replied demurely, — " What a good guossor you are, Mr. Lorraiuo I" Frank bit hiu lip, and whilo Harry and his sister wore besieging her for an account of this romance, and she was laughingly refusing to say another word, he withdrew to a window in no enviable state of mind. There could no longer be any doubt nbout it. . She was ontirely unworthy 1 Hot only did she havo a history that would not boar investigation, but she was a heartless coquette as well. Why had lio allowed himself to become so in fatuated, knowing what ho did of hor hidden past V Would she hare the grace to bo aslmmod when she found what he know, or would she smile still, as if free from guilo ? Something Harry Meade was saying interrupted tlioBo bitter reflections by catching his attention. ' Harry was just beginning to practice law, ana was no thing if not legal. "Ono has to be very careful in that State," was, his remark, jestingly made. "Thoy have sorb of jumping-ovor-the- brooms tick laws there.' ' "What do, you mean?" Ita inquired unsuspiciously. " Oh, only one is liable to find himself married before he knows it 1" laughed Hairy. Frank listened eagerly, A slight shade of anxiety crept over Ita's bright face as she asked tremulously,— " How can that be ? What is the law ?" J " Don't bo alarmed, Miss Fales. You awa nil viorlif. t nnlona vnn Iiava Vipam nn. knowledging somebody as your husband . before witnesses." I Frank uttered an exclamation. j Jta bad grown pale, and trembled ; but with an effort to oonceal these tracoB of emotion sbo asked carelessly, — J "Why, wlmt would happen if I — if any j body bad done that ?" i " Simply, if such a olaim was made by either party, it would bo a legal mar riage." Ita tried to force her white lips to Binile', "How singular 1" she managed to say. , Then her eyes mot those of Frank, which wore fixed upon horeagorly, and. tottering backward she fell in a swoon. Miss Meade sprang and lifted her, while Frank poured out a glass of water, and sprinkled her forehoa'd. In a moment she revived, and, after tho first bewilderment, expressed herself as wholly unable to ao- count for her indisposition. She avoided glancing in Frank's direc tion, and though attempting to appear as usual, the effort was porceptible. The two young nion Boon ' took their leave, Miss Moade remaining. " Curious Bhe should have fainted; at that particular moment wasn't it ?" said Harry, when they were out of hearing. "It would almost make, one suspoot that she bad been up to something of tne kind." . ' „ " It was a mere coincidence, ef course, said Frank, briefly. j " I suppose it- must have been, 'for I. have heard her soy they wore very atriot at the sohool, and she had no gentleman acquaintance exoept her cousin, whom her father was very anxious to have her marry." " What ia his name ?" asked Frank.' " Fales, as hers. But do not be jealous, .old boy. He is angular and chemical and grave, and alio detests him." . As soon as possible Frank parted from his companion, and went home with his head in a whirl. Was it poaaiblo that thoso two hours in which she had called him herhuBband had given him the right to claim her 1 Tho idea made all his pulses beat wildly. Hor agitation would «oem to prove that there had been no marriage previously with that bugbear, St. Olair. Perhaps he had been a villain, vrho had dtioeived and deserted .her I The mystery seemed to grow deeper, and he felt he could not bear the strain "much longer. Fortunately, there were only a few days more before the year would be up. But would she keep her word, he wondered. 3.-—'" Miss Monde settled . the latter doubt, for him. From hor he learned tlint Ita. Was about to pay a yisit.to an old Bolioolmafe who lived in the same town . whore the seminary wnsl Triumphant ever this information, and y®t profoundly miserable, Frank went to bid her good-bye before, her departure. He had not soen her since the day 0110,80 suddenly fainted, and.whensho entered i the parlor whore he waited he was sur- prised and touohed by tho oliunge in' her 1 uppearauco._ The bright, joyous expres sion at which lie haa .so often secretly cavilled, because , of its seeming incon sistency after what had liapponed, now had givou place to ono anxious and' Bad, .such as ho had felt ought to bo upon her face. Yet he -was sorry to see it, now it really was there, and his doubts, some way, melted. bofore it, leaving a flood of tondorness in his heart.. Sho did not look at him as she ohtered, but downward, and was norvous and un like her bright, vivacious self. "You are going away, I hear ?" said Frank, aftor a few commonplace remarks had passed between them. "Yes," was her low, response. "I have to make a promised visit to a dear school friend, Bertie Snow." Frank well remembered tho namo, and. thought of wizonod little Miss Snow with her tears and emotion. What a muddle fr- all was ! , "I hope that you will on joy it very much," he said, after a moment, finding . nothing better to express. She pulled the lace ou hor dress unonsily, while she-responded,— "Thank you. One never cau toll what may occur,' you know." He moved a iitilo nearer on the sofa where both were sitting. " 1 trust you have no real reason for any soriouB apprehension 1" " Ah 1 I do not know that I have," sho answered. Then ho saw hor lip quiver and a tear Bteal down hor cheek. At this he forgot everything, except that lio loved hor, and suddenly grasping the trembling white hand in his, exclaimed impetuously, — " You are in some trouble. Tell me — let me help you I You need fear nothing, for 1—" - "No, no i" sho interrupted, starting away from him. " 1 can tell you least of all i Do not ask me what it is. Let us say good-bye, and— and do not blame me for anything." Sho looked op at him for tlio firBt. time since his coming, and as her oyes met the entreaty and tenderness in his brown ones some responsive expression flashed into hor own. Then, flushing crimson, she turned and fled from tlio room, Frank went away in a state of mind that ho could not analyze. He did not know whether he waa happy or wrotolied. He passsd the remaining time, before stnrting on his own journey, in alternate bliss and despair; bliss at remembering that last look which had seemed to reveal that Ita loved him— despair at the thought that what ho was so scion to learn might sepnrato them forever. When at last he approached the old, church at tho appointed hour, his head burned with feverish excitement. It was a bright moonlight Gveuing, and he went up close to the ohurch, in its deepest shadow. He was early, as he had inte'nded, and no one was in sight. Pre sently, howevor, ho descried a female figure approaohing, rapidly, and soon, re cognized the long, dark oloak and' large hat of a year ago. She came nearer. Frank's heart beat so loud that he thought she must hear it, but she stopped without perceiving him in the shade where he stood. As Bhe glanced around tho moonlight fell upon her face, nnd he could see that it wore an anxious but determined look. Calming himself, by an effort, Frank moved, and in a low, partially disguised voice said, — " I am here, Mrs. St. Clair." ' Ita gave a start of affright, but, quickly recovering herself, said, looking toward the form hardly distinguishable from the surrounding dusk. — " I did not see you at first, sir." Frank mumbled something indistinctly in response. " I have kept my word, sir, though not quite in tho spirit in which it wob made," Ita continued, with a seriousness that Beomed very strange in lier. "I have learned since how very wrong I was in doing what I did, and I want first of all to bog your pardon. From what I saw of you, I believe you to be a gentleman, and I am going to trust you as such." She waited for some reply, Vut Frank gave none, ile was nesuacing wnotner to reveal himself now or lutor. His silence surprised her, and she oast a . doubtful glance at the little that sho eould soe of him. This deoided him, and he stepped forward slowly. Ita watcliod his tall figure as it emerged from the shadow, but when his features grew distinct licr eyes dilated, as if itjhnd been a ghost from the- cemetery behind, and she stood staring, stunned and motion less. ' ' "It is I," he said, breaking the silonco. At this she found speech. ' " You I" she gasped. You ! You here! Must I believe that it was you who— ah, how cruel to dcooive me no long 1" one .broke into sobs; and wont and I loaned her face against a granite post at tho ohuroh-yard gate. Frank followed quiokly, and bent over her. "Don't feel so badly .over it," he pleaded. "I did not know wliat to do, the oircumstanoes wore so peoulidr, and I thought it beat to let events' Bhapo their own course until the time ycfu yourself had appointed. If I was wrong, forgive me." ! "To think you Iiave known it all this timo I" sobbed Ita. ' " How you must have laughod to yourself whenever you saw mo I" . - , " You .miaiudo-A 'mA. Tf vnn far ton serious a matter for that, 1 assure you," ho replied earnestly. "Can you not; rely. upon me more thau on the stranger you thought to meet ? Do you not know, I will do anything to help you, even at the sacrifice of my own hopes V" . "I — I do not doubt tHati"- she jnur-r mured. Then aho stole a glanoe at him, and cried vehemently, " Ah, how you will 'dospiBe me' when you know all I Oh, I wish I had ooufessod everything a year ago, as I was tompted to do I" . \- " Can you not nuve more confidence in' mo now than you could then ?" . " No," she returned, pettishly, then quiokly adding, " that is— I do not mean I have not oonfidenoe in -you, but— it is harder now." ' "Then I will release you from your promise. I will bo of any service that I can, but you neod tell me nothing." Ho ino vo'd a few paoas farther from her as ho thus magnanimously gave her back jher word. Ita looked at him half wist fully, half ashamed. I " But I want to toll you, "she remarked, advancing a little ; " only — you won't despise me, will you ?" "Never. However terrible the socret may be. I will givo you my aid and sym- pathy,' he replied firmly. ' wnd gazed admiringly at. tho manly obuntenance for ah instant, t(iori laughed hysterically. : - . ... , .- ".That, js-thp. worBt.of.it, "'shosqid,. ."If there only, wan a torriblo secrot. I would not oaro bo. much.";; 'V'V/. . ; : , C F ranks tired.' - ; ."I don't understand you,'' he said/ ' I mean," she explained,' twistiiig and untwisting her handkerohiof, and hanging her iiead guiltily, " I mdaii that it is nil very commonplace and— and ridiouloua, '" Ridiculous I" eohoed Frank. " Absolutely ridiouloua, You seo it' all came about through the rivalry between Alice Weld and myself at .sonool, She was queen' of one section, audi wnsqueon of another. ' Of course all the girls were very romantic,' and here sh.e had ait first ' an advantngo over' me ; she had,;tt' roal J Iqver who used. to throw notes up''',to' hor j window tiqd'on sjbones, nijd.all subli into-. | rooting thingp,- Thoq, to bo'oyen, of ,oquroo I liad to have a lover, too." 4 j '- Ita glanced' up nt liis' nttontivo, - por- i.,ploxod faco, and hcr contrite look changed into a roguish ono. as sho continued,— < "Iliad a most, devoted -lover whom I. dearly loved. His nnmo was' "Arthur St. j Olair." (Here Ffanlc frowned.') "As 1 papa was at that time anxious I should ; marry niy eouBin, you boo it made a very nico romance." 7 ; 41 Yai-v.M nn.M f?mn1r - '-" This confeasion was torture to him, and she had called 'iFridioulous. ; "-Arthur St.' Olair arid . I 'use'd to have Very romantic meetings nnid lidvciitureaj" resumed Ita. " Papa grew niore and more determined thatl should murfymy cousin. All the girls were in a dreadful state of ex citement over it, and Alice -Wold was no- whore.- - Then, _j ust before ! graduated, . wo all thought it wjuld; bo so romantic if I should oocretly marry' Arthur, so papa couldn't force .mo to a union with ; my cousin, So Arlhur and. I arranged.it all, and Bertie Snow-told her' aunt, who, hav ing lost a lover in her youth, was very syinpathotio, . and they, unknown to mo, got up tho supper to whioh Arthur and I were to come afterthe ceremony. -Arthur not making liis appearance, 1' asked you to come in his place." 1 Frank stood biting'his lip jealously aud frowning. "1 don't quito understand," he said gloomly. M Where , was this Arthur St. Olair that lie didn't .marry you ?" Ita tried to look very serious as if feel ing sho ought, but tliore was a mischiev ous twiiiklo in' . her - eyes, as silo re plied,— " Don't you. see ? There wasn't any such person, lfe-wn's all an invention from beginning to end." V Frank Btarted, stared incredulously, then liis countenance changed magically, and he burst into -a'laugh in whioh 'Ita joinod. "1 understand now," ho exolairaed; as soon sb ho could' speak. "When Miss Snow, invited ,-y.qu to the slipper, .you ' didn't know whut.tp do, and .camo and asked me to go."-' " She didn't . tell mo until the last mompnt," said ltaj oxtonuatingly, " nnd 1 had seen you pass often and— iu inot, 1 pointed you out; to the girls as Arthur. Before 1 left school lconfessud the wholo, greatly to their edification. ' Poor Miss Snow, alone, 1 did not undeceive. Bertie said it would make.her feel so bad. My conscience roproaolicd mo for that part, , but tho other 1: thought a good joke until — until — " " She stopped,; confused and b'usliing, Frank comprehended hor meaning, however.- Reliercp'd of liiB -terrible fears, 1 he was his au'dtfbipUs self bnoe' more. 1 "' "You wora'-'frighteiicd by Hurry Meade's -i words," lie .Said. " Did I make suoh a . bad husband those two hours ?" .. Sho avortod hor. hood. jf.;i "Oh, .110 1" Bhe murmured. s,' ' "Then suppose 1: should assort the right Harry says., the law gives in this State?" "1 Bhould have to submit to; the law, of aourse," she returned very meekly. Frank was olose to her. Bide now, and, - with his lips almost touoliing her cheok, whispored,— '4 " Don't you think it will be better not to undeceive poor. Miss Snow, Ita ?" ; "Perhaps -so— as long as Arthur is you," she replied, witli . aroh tender- ' ness. And then he drew the sweet fnoe up to his, and Ita's mystery was solved. 