Spot Strokes. By Q. " Zeno" writing to the press about j the unemployed says, "Surely if no one else is human enough 'inTfhe City of Churches our Labour members might enquire into these matters and help the downtrodden." Fancy anybody of the impecunious persuasion getting help from the Labour members. * * * Fifteen members of Holder Village settlement expelled on account of their opinions. Are village settlers not allowed to hold opinions 1 Co-operation thy name is splits. * # * Mr. Henry Taylor stated at the Democratic Club on Sunday that " private ownership in land is responsible for the present universal unemployed difficulty, low wages, and consequent pauperism and crime." Then why doesn't Mr. Henry Taylor give up his own little bit of land for the good of the cause ? Say. # # * Beds advertized 3d. a night, towel, soap, and blacking given in. Lodgers provide their own insectibane. Soon be down to * the " tuppenny * # rope." Reported tliat the only game the City Gathers were adepts at shooting during the recent Major's picnic was the cat. * * * Cost of trucking sheep from Paratoo to Adelaide, Is. 7fd. a head. Forty years ago I overlanded 6heep from the Darling Downs, in what is now known as Queensland, to Deniliquin in New South Wales for one shilling a head, and made heaps of money at it. Cattle the same journey £1 a head. # * * Why should I not have English wires on the same lines as the dailies t Here are my latest : " The Marquis of Queensberry has been appointed Governor of New South Wales." " It is not true that the Marquis of Queensberry has been offered New South Wales, he is in training to fight the ghost of Jonel to a finish." " Umra Khan is losing heart." " Umra Khan is not losing heart, on the contrary he is gaining flesh." "It is 12 o'clock Greenwich time." " Clock wrong, only a quarter past 11." * * * Oh 1 who'd be a hospital nurse, With all those loud rumours and talkin's, And the nasty remarks, which are worse, Of the much disappointed Mi3S Hawkins. The uniform's nice it is true, And makes you look fetching and pretty, It's not a great deal you've to do, And this Bhindy is really a pity. And so one more avenue's clcsed To damsels who want a nice billet, Until each spiteful nurse is deposed For some one more fitted to fill it. FEMALE SUFFER AO E FROM AKOTHER PLATFORM. Which taken from the pint of view, Of a member of the maskline sex, The thing is not right twixt you an' me, And that's the straight tip of Pletceman X. Whathever do the wiintnen need, To 'ave their monakas on the roll, Such 'iimbug ne'er afore was seed ; It's sickeniu' rcely on my sole. There's me whtn I wants my toonic stiff And fit Todd's red summer heat to stand, Gets nothink but a liindignant sniff, And no hanswer to my just demand. My buzzum's wife 'as too much to do, To think o' starchin' 'er 'usbin's shirt, Or makin a hishous Hirish st.ox Or e'en sweepiu' hup 'er yesday's dirt. But accordin to hold Mary Lee, She's whips o' time to frame our laws, An' fix things hup as they horterbe, And what she Fays is wimmin's cause. Weil this ehemaie suffrage may be right. But I'd sooner that they'd cook and nuss, And see aa the 'ome is clean and bright', Than all this ere bloomiu' votin' luss. What's wimeui'or but 'er "ome to rule, That's jest 'ow she s built like all ! er sos. And a ballotin' hart's a blazin' fool, Thats my opinion PLEECEMAN X. 