ROUND THE CHURCHES. No. 18. The Rev. J. Young Simpson, at the Archer Street (N.A:) Wesleyan Church., It is the unexpected that happens. When the Rev. J. Young Simpson stepped into his pulpit last Sunday, and Quiz having adjusted his monocle had scrutinised his countenance, he made up his mind that he was going to listen to one of the dreary, neither dead nor alive, discourses which it has been his fate to hear more than once during the past four months. Mr. Simpson didn't seem to have any more animation than a wooden doll. As he sat down and surveyed his congregation his features were as impassive as those of a graven image. True, you could not see his eyes. They were hidden by spectacles, and the light from the windows of this handsome, spacious church glinted aggravatingly on the glass of the specs just as one was trying to discover whether the eyes, which are the surest revelation of a man's character, were blue, grey, or black,, whether they were merry or gloomy, whether they were bright or bilious. Mr. Simpson is a man of say fifty years of age. The hair on the summit of his head is fast vanishing; that on the face is of a greyish hue. The features are pale and somewhat heavy. Mr. Simpson is not particularly short, but he may be described as thickset; in racing phraseology, he is running to flesh. The congregation is fairly large for a Sunday morning, and as the church is cool there would be nothing to complain of from a physical point of view were it not for a plague of flies. Why are not our churches provided with flycatchers? How can one " Give thanks unto the Lord " when one of these annoying insects has alighted in his eye ? But before this infliction has made itself painfully apparent one is struck with the gaudiness of the organ, which is built at the far end of the church above the pulpit. You gaze and you think of Solomon in all his glory. If, you say to yourself, the tone of the instrument is only equal to its picturesque exterior there is a treat forthcoming. But unfortunately it is not. There is a twang about the organ. Age may soften down this defect. Let us hope so. The first portion of the service is not promising. There is the same old sameness about it. Mr. Simpson may be described as having a Scottish Yankee accent, though as a matter of fact he is a Scotchman. He says so much himself in the course of his sermon. When he prays he goes ahead at a great rate, as if he were afraid that the Almighty had only so many seconds in which to attend to him. It is in fact a race against time. Something of the same sort of thing occurs in the reading of the Scriptures. Mr. Simpson barely pauses for breath. He puts on full steam, and does not vary his voice to the extent of half a note. Yet if he would take time he would not be a bad reader. Or to put it in another way, if he would be natural he might read well. His pronunciation on the whole is good. There are lapses from the proper path, to be sure. He says " cardially" for " cordially," "pore" for "power," and other instances of a similar nature might be given, but they are unnecessary. Un questionably the opening part of the service is redeemed by the singing of the choir, which, while not being brilliant, is by no means to be despised. The members of the choir number about 30, and of these 16 are ladies. The voices of the ladies are fresher and better than those of the men. The tenors are somewhat rough, and one of the basses got woefully wrong last Sunday. The anthem was very well rendered, excepting in the softer passages, wherein an improvement could have been desired. There is a lot of up-to-dateness about the Archer Street Church. Later on we shall see that Mr. Simpson seems rather to deplore this kind of thing and to long for the " good old days " when there was less formality. Probably if he were consulted he would riot have " The Lord's Prayer" sung by the the choir and congregation, . v but would have it droned through in the thorough old-fashioned style. The sermon is commenced at twenty-three minutes to twelve o'clock, and it is concluded lit twelve minutes past that hour—just thirty-fiip minutes. Mr. Simpson opens slowly, wearisome|| —a vast change from his praying. He has notf^ but he does not appear to trouble them mucp^ ^ For ten minutes or so he labors along, using mupl ^ tautological language, and scarcely interesting anybody. His subject is the miracle of the loavis and fishes, and the walking by Jesus on the waters of the sea of Galilee. x 8 Mr. Simpson believes in miracles. He wopt accept any rationalistic explanation of them. To attempt to account for a miracle, to his miml, destroys much of the beauty of the Scriptures, add as he urges this point he wakens up and becomes for the first time rather original. Hitherto he has been deadly dull. His descriptions have been tame and even worse than homely. He has indulged in little action—a sawmill kind of motion being the chief characteristic. But when he speaks of miracles his face brightens up, and he looks as though he would like to show that his faith was greater than that of Peter by walking on the sea himself! He hasn't much of an opinion of spiritualism though, for he talks contemptuously of ghosts. " There are people in Adelaide," he says, " who cannot afford to give a shilling to charity, and yet will give half a guinea to see ghosts; to see a medium trot our. impostures like those of Mrs. Mellon in Sydney." Yet, if Mr: Simpson were to sit in a spiritualistic seance he would be one of the first to be impressed, for he is, contrary to all the teachings of physiognomists, an exceedingly emotional being. Listen. He longs for the days of 25 years ago, when the wailings of the congregation over their sin were heard, and when they burst forth into pleadings with the Almighty for forgiveness, Men on Yorke's Peninsula, he remarks, used to go sleepless and food less for days because the burden of sin was so strong upon them. That is what he would like to see now. Then he narrates how a young miner from one of the Yorke's Peninsula copper towns " lay on his bed and roared like a bull for two days and two nights " because the Lord would not free hiaa from his sin. At this the congrega tion laugh. How could they help themselves ? Suddenly the preacher seems to have a moment of ecstasy, for with scarcely any warning he starts to siDg a verse of an old hymn- One or two of the congregation join in—feebly. The minister impatiently beats time on the pulpit to his own vocalism, and when he has finished the verse he exclaims, " Why don't you sing ? It is as old as the hills," and thereupon he leads off again, and the choir and congregation join in more or less heartily. If one had shut his eyes he might have imagined himself at one of the Methodist revival meetings of a quarter of a century ago. But this congregation did not groan. The men tried to look serious and the women smiled. Well. What of it all ? There was little that was original in Mr. Simpson's sermon, and the tediousness of the repetition of sin ofc-told tale was only relieved by the unconventional methods employed at the end of the service. The Salvation Army man bangs a drum, Mr. Simpson sings a hymn. And yet—but we will not go into that subject. Quiz was startled. It is so unusual to hear a parson singing a solo, and singing it well, too—albeit there was a slight shakiness about the tenor that Quiz was almost prevented from taking notes. And he went home hardly knowing whether he was pleased or otherwise. 