THOSE AWFUL PEOPLE. " So you've left your lovely flat!" cried the plump matron. "Why, I thought you were BO delighted with it that you would remain at least a couple of years." O, dear, haven't you heard why we left ?" groaned the small woman. " No ? Well, I suppose not, and I did promise Jack not to tell anyone about it—he thinks it a joke, the idea! it's just like a manbut you really don't count." "Of course not—of course not." The other passengers began to look interested and moved up closer, but she never noticed them. " You remember those awful people in tbe flat below us, don't you ? She was a little woman with a fussy head. I never could make Jack admit that she used a curling iron like other people. He used to say it couldn't be so because her hair was always curled, which only goeB to show how vain she is. And as for that baby of hers 0,1 remember now !" Well, it cried almost constantly until it fairly set me wild. Jack said I looked like a ghost, ana I couldn't practise an my piano more than six hours a day to save my life. It seemed to me that every time I began to play it began to cry, and it required all my firmness to keep on." " And that was why you actually had to move ?'' "Yes, indeed; I told Jack I wouldn't stay there another month if they would give me the building, and I told him to tell the agent so, too; it would just serve him right—but Jack is so soft-hearted I doubt if he did it." " I hope that woman was satisfied, tben." "Satisfied? Humph, just wait; tbe day we moved two vans drove up to tbe door, and as 1 passed her flat going down I saw that they, too, were moving. Yes, and what do you think ? I actually heard her telling someone that they were going because of my piano. She said that I practised so much that tbe baby cou/dn't get half-an-hour's sleep a day, and wa6 to nervous that he began to cry as soon as J commenced to play. Did you ever hear of such impertinence ?" " I never did," replied the plump matron soothingly, " but you are rid of them now.'' " Rid of them ! That's just it! Why, all unconscious, they had rented a flat right underneath the new one we had taken, and there we are wiih a year's lease, a flat not nearly so nice as the old one, and that baby's lungs developing every day !" And while her friend tried vainly to console her, a sardonic smile went up one side of the car and down the other.—Chicago Tribune. Strong effective, and chesp—Tfaa GOBDOH CASTAS FILTHS. All Storekeepers sell them. If yon can not obtain " Hyfa Tea " in your district, write to D. Mitchell and Co., Clarenceetreefc, Sydney, who will arrange fox a supply at once through the local storekeeper. 