MY PRETTY JANE. THE NOVELIST, CHAPTER XVH. / Shr was delighted at tho almost merry laugh with which he aaknowledgedHfiS'kpeooli; it . Yras.a sign that her stramattotHOf-buit arguments had netsrm Bomo ' sncoesa. There wa« alresdMfifcght ohahge in his &Ofl; 1 tkfl eel a u.l aUs « nn„ll., . - \ - tvwwi| Buu i xtMiacvs wtho pUoo of the grovo deJenained Mtpreosioa '/"She was oh the right . . - ' 'V. l: OI- potiree. If ;JT &ixe;)a happiness is nothing tjU'weU and good j but, it' yon do Jimycaro a Uttle what becomes of her— if indoed dear tO Yon— then I oonfess I am at, a loea .to hnderatand your present ' dedsion,l'Qeorga . . X-ani inolinod to call it noUdBg mort.pBtesa than selfishness — and I nopoycullko tho nama As ho 'mado no reply to this defiant Hamming np, unable indeed for tho moment -to find worda with which to do no, she went on triumphantly, and stated once again, —in ker clear sharp way, tho exact position as it was reVetied to her, concluded by flinging a last' bomb at-hitfi with a senso of keen oqjoymjnk' — Snd, to make a long' story short, my advice to you now, Qoorgo, is, ns yon love Jane and Jano loves yen, and yon are both free to lqve eaoh other, that yon should eettie your minds onoe ond for ul, ond get maae man ana wife jnst as soon as yon possibly t bon-V.-'. : The yonng mon sat before her as if paralysed by these words ; his heart seemed to stop for. mi; instant, and then began \- rbeafing in'a qidck wild 'way.'. Against his strongest eflbrts, 'sgoinst oil the orgnmenta . he had forced himself to acoept, hope, : deliefons ia its giadnbn, in its thrilling tonoh of exeitement, came to him now. lt woa a droam yf the momedt; bht'tt was none the lenL.siriM 'oh thai 'ahdonnt Ho lot his warded mind rovol in the soft sensation of \- ress ana peaoe tost this dream brought to Mm; tbotnrmoil ofthonght, tho hot sharp pMn of hb remorse and regret foded and were almost. foigdttdhfor' the' moment He was drifting away 'into the soft vaguo land of hope and happiness, when he awoke with a startjv.smd his ' dream fell from him as Isuiy Montrose's brisk olear voice broke the alienee onoe again. . ' Weli,' Lady Montrose was saying, with .- nmnsem'ent and triumph in her tone — 'well, George, what have yon to say to my plan — eh t Have I struck yah absolutely dumb V He 'looked round at her alowly. She aonld eee bis strong hands tremble and that Ms face, was now quite pale. She bad recoiled him suddenly from a delicious dream to stern'- reality;' her Arm matter-of-foet treatment Of. so delicate h snbjeot made him wince,\yefc he Yras noue tbe less oonadious of beiDg intenselygrateful toher.; ;jf,he might Indeed only: accept the advioe she offered' him.rVHe.ahawored h« at last. ' , v.' Dear Lady. IJontrose, I. recognise your kindness most fully.', ; I; wish: I could give won theploasnre, the satdsfaetionhf— — He hprriiyfly; mi. - suoh'A' hlngIirr"lfflp5tsiblB— quito, quite impoblel. - T have ;tpld yon , how . I stand in my own estimntioh) ;T iuivo let you see into my very heort of neart, I 'bave told you of the barrier that, rests .between Jane Liidlowe and me— a barrier I havo built with my own bands; offer thnt there is no, moro tobosaid,' . . ' _ . 'On the score of yonrl own happiness, perhaps hot,' retorted Lady Monlroeo rather angrily. 'But l am not thinking ' only of you — X am thinking of Jane.' The, reproach stncg him, for fae.folt there was a' troth in it thst could not bo donied. The memory of -the. post two days rose np twiftly before him; bis heart thrilled and yet oobedj as ho recalled all those unoonsoious touohee that had spoken to clearly of - the girl's priceless gift to him; Ho pailod bin . hat low over bis brows and sat with his hands clasped between . his kneei his eyes fixed upon the warm snnlit grass at bis feet. The weariness, the hndeniaple note of sorrow that hod rnn& ont so surely in her farewell, to him the night before caine' bqok to inoreoso' the. pidn in his heart ridw, to make his dniy more diffianlt, almost too diifieult. Must she thon suffer tbroogh him t Mast oho 'go on with her pf&ent; sorrowful,. toil burdened - with another and a more bitter grief f /He caught his breath sharply end : looked' up at lady Montrose. 8ho,. polished. taatiaian .toat she was, had known the value of her last thrust. You forget ono'thing,' ho said, not very steadily—' you forget that even U T darwd apeokj if t dared toll hor "all, uoh n sug- gestirm- woold 'still' bo 1 im'pdssihK': .She' is not free, sh'e wonld not leave | ' ' Who uked'her. to.leave her father,' oried Lady Montrose sharply.' 'Of course she will never be free as long as that poor, moil lives ; but what of ' thnt 1 I«ady Hamp'shfro con nureo her. fatherl qaito ,na v well as Jano JLudloye ld doing opn't ehe | I; , tell, 'yon ohceagain,ifyoa wsitrtiU Jsne is . roleaked from /tiiis devotion) - Hampshire, yon may, just makeup yonr mind that aheis gone from you for.over.' /T don't , want to denounce my . own flesh and hlciibd, 'but bote are .foots, . and Cynthia's hatred for. this; girl is1.' abbot too big to be ;! pu(i ' V; on , one , side / ) ightly, ; ) 'As matters staha now, Jane, if her own mistress; she can marry you to-morrow, if ofio . likes, without any one daring to put oat a finger to stop her. Her father. ls ber only guardian ; while -he lives," CynthU ia . - no,: real authority ; enco thel breath is gano out of him, Jane u here for the nex;t:two years, at least. No doubt yaa'nre imagining all sorts of pratty bnt impossible. . things' Lady Montrose cried, losing her tamper, 'yon are conjuring', up . a happy ; family'1, sort of piothrer-you at proco, with Qyntbia, and ; Cynthia at posce with von, and Juno in the centre beloved by. you both, as yoiir affianced. :vff®-.'. .C'i crming,'' sweet; delightful ; beyond r; disqrip(ipn.', Hore her ' ladyship 'ishnbi.her. Bdhsbude; yjolontly; ?,I( snoh n pipturo is " darmng in your mind, George,. pray, let me . 'V.cOfussol yow .to.dostroy.it at once, ;;Yoa:may ' hiye cMieed to regsrii Cynthia as an onemy l tf|il;;niiNtsrily.m.eiui'.Hiai::0uthia ;.-:0-"q«B:fo:.l»;ybnr.euomy.'-,:Bah-you:aro : j/ /»,ebjl4.iH,Ypu dpa't uhdorstand:. women— no ,'.';mattiWrV,':yoa<l'P»ieaaily,convih'oedyou ; oolowymything by the tint' of your : own ?j;,vtaWA;:?jp®-'rrLadyVHouo-',hmre knes isnd empbasbecl , " vi v f that. when ones Jane Ludlowe is under her stepmotherfr complete control, sho is in for as bad a time as;, any girl : can have. Bnt there : — with a final wrap-.f i will say no more. lam only woatingmy time. Ton will go yonr own way. Yon are jnst like thereat of yonr sex, as selfish as yon are high. : And yon do%'t care a fig for Jane's so long aa yon oan satisfy tho demands of your' eonsoiepbe and yonr sornples, which ore only another name for yonr vanity. If yon tiionght loss about yourself and abont yourself and more abont this ohild, I should have a little bettor opinion of yon and yonr virtuous soruples.' The young man broko into a hurried laugh, he had never seen Lady Montroso so muoh in earnest before. Her anger carried away the lost remaining stone of the barrier that had seemed so big, so terrible only one short hour ago. 'I eay,' he sold half boyishly — 'don't bit so hard. Yon'ro striking below thobeltp yon know. Remember the. roles.'" 'That for your rules,' cried Lady Mon- rose, snapping ber fingers; but she regained -hor usual good temper instantly, and un furled her snnshade again. ' I eiudl hit yon jnst where If like, and as often too. lama woman,' she observed defiantly. 'I congratulate yon on yonr sex,' Hamp shire retortod, a mischievous gleam in bis eyes. 'From all acoonnts, it seems to be a had business to have to call yourself so poor a thing as a man.' It was lady Montrose's tarn to laugh now. . '.Yon are an impertinent boy,' she declared, and then added afibotionstoly, bnt I like yon most ainoerely, and I want to see yon happy, George.' . 'And happy yon will cortoiniy will see me if Jane JLudlowo consents to be my wife,' he said,' with intense earnestness. He was no longer sombre or donbtfal, bat filled with a joyous hope. . He rose as he spoko, and Lady Montrose rdso-too. f Then,' sho said hurriedly, bar exeitemont making her voice not sof olear as usual, 1 yon tfl (rn mo ndtrleh Oaawm V/in well nni w— V msiswv, -.wsa wsu uw> go away and loave her— you will speak to her — you will tell her of yonr love.' . He looked down into tho kindly depths of Lady Montrose's once benntifnl eyes. 1 1 will speak to hor this very day,' ha said swiftly, hope making masia in every word. ' I will toll her.pl my love I will ask her to toy to loveQakin retnrn. I will ask hor to let me sharoher life — to let me givo ber comfort now in her present sorrow and happiness in tho years that stretch be yond. Yes — yon nro right; I must think of her always, I must not think only of my self. I was very near to ,doing her wrong, but I did not do it, and for the sin of that mistake my love shall atone. Give me yonr hand, kind - friend. Thank yon for your goodness — thank you. Ah, I shall not for- . get what yon have done. I shall hot forget Sow ypu have.liftad me from the grave of desolation and sorrow to a very heaven ' of hopei .'.No,' the.youtig man oried; fast losing, himself in the intoxication of sadden gladness that ovorcame Mm — ' I will have something -better- than - yovir- JwacL— LafiUr. tHe boy you oall mef and 80— hV'CutflT mlr head to bera— I take a boy's liberty and steolakiBS.' 'Yon are a monster of impertinenoe,' Lady Montrose rejoined, but sho did not refuse his embrace — instead, aha returned it ; and then she sighed. ' And now I thinlr I will go and interview tho breakfast table. I hope everything has not been cleared away, I am as hungry as a dozen hunters. You must take mo baok to tho house, George. There is a wasp woiting for mo. Look — can't you see it buzzing about lko a steam engine I I hit it away with myaanehado juet now. I bavo nlwayn heard that wasps. Iiko elephants, are most vindio- tivo. No doubt that wretch will pay mo oat at tho first chance ho gets.' ; < Take my arm,' said Hampshire, laugh ing-;.'. I will proteotyou with my life ond my handkerchief.' -' 'Perhaps yon will come and Bhare some breakfast with mo also f : Bat he shook his hood at this. : ' I mast make my way baok to tho inn to tell them I am not leaving after nil. I gavo my man orders to be ready to start for town at 1030 punotually, ' on rente ' for good ness knows where. I don't think I eared whore I was going. I only knew- I was turning my back upon everything that meant sweetness and happiness and peace and beauty in my like That waa enough for me.' ; Lady Montrose glanced up at bis hand some face as ho said this, not lightly but gravely, and with a sound of the post night's sorrow and hopelessness in the words. : '4We)l,that is all over now, and the future lies olear and bright ahead. Yon are cer tain yon Won't come and have some break fast f I feel confident yon have not tasted food those many hoars. Not Well, then,, be sare and got a good meal at yonr villago inn; for, thodgli love is very sweet, it is not vary sustaining yon know.' . : They shook bands and parted, and at the door. lady Hontroso stood for a momont looking alter bim aa he strode down the avenue. , There WW an air of general satis- faotion and bomplnocnoy abont her as sho went to,, seek hor long delayed breakfast. - She was conscious of real pleasure in having ' worked matters so .well, and indeod for once | the Claims of herself and her daughter, and i nil that appertained to her selfish, busy, ex travagant, And impoverished exiitenoe, were , put on one side to givo pldoo to the sincoro gladness that the thoaght of the happiness of these two .'young .people aroused within her.; Now that sho .was fully assured of the situation, she was' determined, to carry matters through most completely, i 'As well bo hanged for a sheep as a lamb,' she said to herself; as she attacked the good- /things ; Meadows pnt before hor, her mind reverting to Cynthia and the anger she wu sure her piece would visit upon her. ' She was. (po 'quick in;, imagining I should be glad to' do any. disagreeable duty for her. She was too q'aiok in imagining I .Should bo glad to do any; disagreeable duty for her. And, after :nll,. wbat have l done ; I was eont to.talto cars' of Jans';: fWell'— with n l»ogh--' ri am . taking core of Jane — I am doing nty beat to take care qf her. If Qyn- thla ohjeojs,(<i my methbd, ahe should bavo ohoseo someone elsa'to,db her dlrtor work. I sort— exoept I would communioato Lady Lndlawe's wishes to Mrs, Winter; and that I-' will do without delay,' lady Montrose added qaiokiy. I will tell Jane what Oyn- thio said on this point, and the girl shall speak to Mrs. Winter. I hato having to say disagreeable things to anybody, and I don't wont to hurt that good creature's feel ings. It will come softer from Jane. And, after all, it will be only a temporary dis missal. Once Jane belongs to her husband, she will bo able to seo her old friend when she likes. As Lady Montroso mounted the stairs very slowly, after hor breakfast was finished, she determined sho woaid not write to her nieco till tho following day. 1 And by then I shall be nblo to let her see how promptly hor instructions have been carried out,' she said to herself, with a laugh at her own duplioity. 'She shall not roproaoh mo with not having done what I said I would do. For the rest, I must pro- pare mysolf for whatever may coma It is sure to bo pretty bad ; but circumotance3 are not what they wore. I can afford to snap my fingers at Cynthia and her anger. Ono thing is very certain' — as sho reached hor room and sank with a sigh of relief into a cosy chair — 1 and that is that, if Cyn thia will be farioos at this marriage, my Luoy will be jnst as delighted; and any thing that will give Luoy pleasure and me some peace ia worth getting at almost any price.' And at this junoturo, absolutely tired ont with her own exertions, Lady Mon- UVSU iWIUIDU LTUWU Ui UUF VQaiA, UllCl was soon lost in a a deop and dreamless slumber. CHAPTER XVIII. Meadows stood before Jane in a hesitating way. He had just assisted in tho task of wheeling tho invalid's couoh from tho house ooross the lawn, he had helped to draw it under the shade of tho trees, and he had put Janets choir oloso beside the couch. Tho Ittrl vntl slfftn r» in ill a nlmlw ram a 1 il._ 6"« now iiiwug Ut »UB VUlUi UUVTj UilU LliU old servant was looking at hor wistfully, tenderly, regretfaliy. He waited till the trained attendant hod gono away before he spoko. "Deed but, Miss Jane, my dear, you didn't ought to be out hero. You look fair done — that you do. I'm euro tho poor master 'ad fret hisself tremendous if ho could just Bee you as you is to-day. Lot me stay along of bim for this afternoon, miss— do, my doar. You'll go and get right down ill j and then ' Meadows broke off and ourned away sharply, pretending to rcarraoge tho coverlet above tho poor dumb half doad mam Jane looked at him in a dull sort of way ; his.pathetia tenderness did not touch her as it generally did. Sho wee too ill to respond to the sympathy of this faithful old friend. She was not in pain now, but she had suffered acutely nil through the night, and could hardly have described tho nature of tho strange pain that had mastered her. It had seemed to grip hor throat and crush out her life, to have put a band like iron round ZZrZZTEt in ono attitude for hours. Wlicn the morniDg light had come through the open windows with a rosy flush and a soft cool scented breeze, she had almost fainted as she staggered to her feet. Sho woe stiff in overy limb and as cold ao ice. Even tho eagerness, tho courage, tho love that had sustained hor so woll through tho past months of anxiety seomod to fail her now for tho first time. Jano folt as if she had roooivod a great blow, and was compoilod to sit apart and lot her dazed senses return to her by slow dogroos. Sho recovered herself by an ofiort when she found thnt her wan white faco was attracting comment ; bat tho effort was only enough to cany her through suoh duties as oho usually performed in the morning. Later on Lady Montroso Bent for hor, and in a fow gentle words told hor of Cynthin's command regarding Mrs. Winter and hor visits to Carno Court. I thought, my love, you would prefer to toll your inona in your own way, xjauy Montroso said, and thon she made haste to add affectionately, ' But, Jane, my dear, you aro looking very ill. Are you wiso to do so muoh 1 You are liko a ghost. You ought to be in bod.' ' I havo a head acho,' tho girl answered, in a dull way, as if Bho wore repeating a losson. ' I — i often havo tbeso neadachos. Thank you very much, Lady Montroso ; you aro always kind to ma I will tell Summer at once. She meet not come here any more.' Sho wont away slowly, leaving Lady Montroso troubled and unhappy. ' She looks half dead, poor ohild. What is it 1 Ts it all her fathor, or is it to do with Hampshire I Oh, I hopo it may bo that, for thon he will bo the best doctor sho can possibly have. Ob, poor little Jane. God grant you may bo happy. You ore an a ngol, my dear, if over thsro was one.' Jano Ludlowe was too young, too ignorant of worldly knowledgo to gaugo tho truth of this lost blight that had fallen upon her ; sho was consaions only of an overwhelming grief. A great gulf seemed to bo set between horaalf as sho was now and herself of tho past three days ; it was to hor as though life in its real significance had come to hor only then, as though tho full swootnoss and joy of living hod novor roachod hor until that moment when Bha hod raised hor eyes and seen that tail handBome form coming naross the grass to greet hor, to sent a swift radiant sanbeam of unsccountablo joy through tho sombre sadness of hor hoart. And sho bad accepted this happiness without question. She neither understood it nor reasoned with it, but olung to it ns a ohild clings to a loving hand, conscious that whilo it waa hers tho world and all its changes might Burround hor and yot sho would havo no fear. Then suddonly tho ond had oomo— o terriblo aorrowfal end, a farewell to that straogo sweet happinoss, Tho misty gloaming of the night before had soomod to came up stealthily, swiftly, and that brilliant sunshine of gladness and joy was blotted out for ever. Meadows was greatly distressed about her, for sho was vory dear to bim. Ho tried in vain to urgo her to lot him take hor placo. Jano would not move. Sho sat leaning back in her chair, her face whiter than it had over been. Meadows stood looking down at hor helplessly; and ber two dogs shared his tygSftlneu, know their yonng mistress in this gulBe; never before had sho let so many hoars go without a word of tenderness or a caressing touob. Tho old servant wont away at last, bis heart soro and very bitter, for tho loot mandate about Mrs. Winter had just reached him. Had Lady Ludlowe been present ho woaid have freely expressed his opinion i hor. 1 Confound her,' ho said savagely between his tooth. 'Wo was so happy boforo sho como along. My doar novcr had a pain or a shadow upon hor ; and now ' Moadows, walking aoross tho lawn with his head bent, became suddenly consoious that be had run against auothor person advancing in thho opposite dircotion, Tin8uro I beg your pardon, my lord/ ho said, but I weren't looking whero I wore going. I'm that troubled about Miss Jano. i vo ooen trying to got hor to come indoors and tako some rcst,| but I can't move her nohow. Sho looks like dying right off; I've novor seen hor so bad.1 Hampshire's hoart seemed to stop beating. 1 She — she is ill f ho exolaimed in a whispor. 1 III/ Moadows cried— 'ill. Why, hor heart's just broke ; and most of it all Along o' that fino lady yonder. Ah, my lord, I could bring mysolf easy to ourso the day and hour as my poor master got into her hands. It has boon one long sorrow for my dear miss ever sinco; and she who UBed to be so happy ' And happy oho shall bo again, \tho young man declared hurriedly, passionately. He scarcely know what ho said. Ho left Meadows looking after him in some astonishment and went swiftly aoross tho lawn. Tho sorvant's bitter words bod given him testimony as to tho truth of Lady Montrose's arguments ; bathe needed none now ; ho bad no thought in bis mind but of Jane. She was sitting very still ; her eyes were closed; her beautiful young faco had a deathly expression set on its white young loveliness. He ran towards her, crying hor nanao aloud in his sudden anguish. ' J ane, J ane. My love, my lifo, my heart my very soul.' Tho words escaped hira unconsciously. He reached hor side and bent over her, taking hor small bands in his. How cold thoy were. A sudden horrible fcAr thrilled him from head to foot, the hands he held moved faintly, hor lips parted, her eyes wore un closed, and she looked up at him. Ho raised hor slowly from the chair and drew her to his breast. ' My love, I have come back. I could not leave you ; I cannot livo without you. Oh, answer roe, my heart, and tell me that you aro glad, and that you lovo mo.' Tho girl stood trembling in his clasp. She looked up at him with eyes that were be wildered, yot most beautiful, brilliant ; her lipa quivered, she could not speak. The agony of tho past night and tho intensity of tho present joy threatened to overwhelm her, but speech at last came to her aid. ' Oh, I am glad — I am glad,' sho cried, with all the abandon of a child. 1 How can Oh' — sho clung to him nown?o passii&aYiSfy; that he could feel the tempestuous beating of her heart against his own— oh, don't leave me again/ Bho pleaded. 'I cannot bear it. I — I don't know what has como to me. I can boar anything else— at least, I shall try to bo brave and bear it all, even the vory worst— but you— you — if you go 1 Sho broke off and hid her face against his broast ; she had no more strength, no more eloquence; and, as ho hold her clasped tightly in bor alms , she could find no words to express what she felt— Bhe could only sob as if her heart was break. (TO DB OONTIHUBD). 