A CBUEL COUSIN. I CHAPTER XIII. The day following that quiet dinner at the Leith's great house, in Mnyfair Square, Sir Philip Desmond received, a little note from I Sybil : I am euro you will be glad to know tint my little friend will tie very pleased to join Lady Milborough at once. I spoke to her, as I promised you last night I would, and bIjb expressed hpr willingness I to do anything to oblige Lady Milborough. ?ou I must not think me very vaiu if I say I know she is you told me, she at once said she would go, and that she only hoped she would be able to please Lady MilboroUi*h, On the whole, though I shall regrH; losing her more than I can say, I Bra almost glad that she has to go bo Boon j for I am sure ehe is not strong, and London tries her very much. Down in the country, with the beautiful fresh air and in that dear old house, she will be another creature, I am quite distressed about her this morning, she looks bo pale; rind though she assures mo Bhe is absolutely well, I don't feel Bhe is. You see, Sir Philip, I am writing to you quite freely on this subject. I feel now I have a double claim to your kind friendship; and, indeed, I am so grateful to you for helping me in this matter. When once you have met Kate, you will understand, perhaps, more fully my deep interest in her. Poor child ! I do not like to question her ( aud, somehow, it seems to me as though she would toll all about herself, who she was, and what her Btory is, but that her lips are sealed. At all events, I knowshe will be happy with dear Ludy Milborough, and I fully expect your cousin will fall in love with Kate.' We are going to drivo round this afternoon, so that all final arrangements can be made ; and Kato will join Lady Milborough to-morrow, [ should think. Is there a chance of my seeing you at the opera to-night ? Maurice said he should try and induce you to come. I hope you will j and then, apart from the pleasure of Boeing yon, I can tall you all that has been settled. I shall be greatly disappointed if she and Lady Milborough do not fall in love with each other immediately. With many, many thanks, aud my warmest regards, Tours vorv sincerely. Sybil Leitii. Philip immediately responded by a fow pretty words, in which he declared most truthfully his willingness to do any tiling for any friend of Sybil's, and then he wrote some more letters — one of which waB to Constance Marlowe, to thank hor for her kindness in sending hiui a book which he had once seen on a visit at The Limes and casually expressed a wish to road. He wroto a pleasant, chatty letter, and stated that it was almost a certainty lie should start off on his travels once again early in tho autumn ; but that he should, with equal certainty, pay anothor visit to The Limes before this occurred, when ho looked forward with much pleasure to seeing her on o again. At tho end of his letter ho wrote : ' I suppose you hear often from your little cousin of the red looks who bo bewitched me. I hope her Paris school is not quite spoiling her, as Maurice Montgomery declared it would. Oh, by tho way, to piny the rtHc of a gossip for once s You will be interested- to boar that Maurice is engaged to be married almost immediately to Sybil Loitb. He iB to bo congratulated. She is a charming creature 1' By tho same post by which this letter was delivered to Constance thoro came anothor in Kit's handwriting, tho first that she sont since her departuro, Constance opened it hurriedly; she was not in the best of tempers ; sho was ex tremely disappointed that Philip Desmond should havo gone back to London at this particular moment. Things had boon going so well between them, and ovory day sho had felt that she was making a stop forward in .his estimation, and thon all at once he ?wont away and she was loft discomfited. It certainly was very hard ; and thon every now and thon tho thought oE Kit brought an un pleasant sensation. Sho had had one stand-up fight with Chris Hornton, who flatly rofused to believo in tho school story, and accused her openly of having sent Kit away to sorno horrid place, ' Tf nvorvtlrhirr wove all rirrhi and notlnni? i — ~ j ? n ? ? 1 ? - 'O — '' — ? ? ? O had happened, thon Kit would havo written to me,' tho boy said, stoutly, championing his lost comrade right loyally. ' Kit is as straight as a die, and sho wont plav at a game of lies to ploaso anybody. That s why sho doosn't write to mo ; I know hor. But all tho same I am hor friond, and I want to know what has become of hor ; so ploaso tell mo.' ' Kit is in school in Paris, Constance had answored very coldly. But sho was not at all comfortablo, Sho had never liked Chris, and now sho hatod him, and sho wns dread fully afraid of what ho would say. ' That's a lio I' Chris had answored hor back, not very gallantly ; but sho wa3 un happy and angry, and his dislike for Con stance was as groat as hers for him, ' You aro a vory rudo boy, and a most insulting ono,' Constauoo had said, and with that thoy had partod, loaving hor mind in a disturbed condition. As days wont by and Chris said nothing and novor camo noar hor, oli n 1^rtr*nvt +.r\ Pnnn«n+. Iiim n«rl *f.r\ -Pni»f*n+. Tfif. too. This lottor from hor cousin, coming so unoxpeotodly, taken in conjunction with hor voxation with Sir Philip — which vexation was by no moans soothed when sho road tho postscript to his lottor — mado Constauoo angry and uneasy. Sho opened Kit's noto, oxpooting sho scarooly know what, and hor fair brows woro knit as sho road. Tho girl wroto quiotly and vory ooldly : Dkak Conhtanciii i I aw about to mnko a obango in my plans, and I think it only right to acquaint you of tho fact. Through the kindnosa of Miss Loith I havo roooivod an offnr to'Hvo with Lady Milborouwh u« companion and /oader at a snlnry of fifty pounds a your. You can aasily Imagine that I profor this niothod ot earning my living to tho ono for whioh I was ongngod how, and thoreforo I am euro you will nob ho surprised to hoar that I havo aoauptod Lady Mllborough's offor, and that, In faot, I begin my dutina with her immediately, My address will bo Eavotstoko Mainatoad, in oimo you should havo ooonslon to write to mo, I hope you aro well, and your mother. If you soo Chris you might toll him I nra wall, and that I novor forget him. Of cotirao, It is nob neoonsary for mo to add that I have not apolron of iny oonnoobloti with you, and that I am known only by tho namo whioh I took on luavlng Tlio Llmon, With onoo again many thanks for tlio holp you gave mo (I onolono you a poBial order for tho nionoy you lont mo), I am always your affoofclonnto cousin, Kau'iimhinw MAimown. Constantsa was consldambly unrpriHod and by no moans plonsod at this lottor, Sho was in contradiction with everything at thin moment, but sho chose to put it all on Kit, Tlio girl had no right to do what sho had dono without first consulting hor (Oon stanoo's) wishes, and most oortuinly this nwangomout wan noli ono of which sho would havo approved, Sho know Lady Milborough woll by nnmo, and sho was woll uwaro that, old woman as sho wns, sho hold a vory popular and suocohb J'ul plaoo in tho fashionable world. Til hor house Kit would bo ruvo to moot with Home ono who might Imvo soon hoi' down atThoru« ton — poi'liapa Avitli Sir Philip Posmoatl (Con stance was ignorant of the lelationsliip, that existed between Sir Philip and Lady Mil borough) or Maurice Montgomery. Inlfact, she was sure to meet Maurice, since ho was now Sybil Leith's fiance, and it was more than evident to Constance that Sybil had taken a great interest in Kit. Constance knew Sybil Lcith, It was just the sort of thing she would do. When she had arranged for Kit to go to Lucy Grace's household she had completely forgotten Sybil, or it might havo mado a difference in hor plans. She sat thinking vory deeply, and tho more she thought the more uncomfortable she was. She was so afraid Phillip Desmond would discover she had lied to him. She knew tho sort of man she had to deal with, and she knew equally that this would be something such a man would neither forget nor forgive in any woman. She did not mind about Maurice Montgomery, except in so far as he would bo sure to recognise Kit aud tell Desmond. Sho determined all at once on going straight up to London. There were so many reasons why she should go, chief of all being a near proximity to Philip Desmond, and, secondly, that she could see Kit and personally express her disapproval of. this new plan. She must go at once, or she would be too late. Her first move was to telegraph to the friend who usually played into her hands when Constance wanted emancipation from her mother's thrall for a few weeks. If she could not stay with this friend, she would go to a hotel, and hor mother would be none the wiser. The thought of action, the idea that she would see Philip and be able to continue her work of winning him, woke her out of her troubled thought.3, and did hor good. In her shallow, selfish, worldly way, Constance Mar lowe had learned to care for Philip Desmond as sho had never cared for any living soul before. ? Sybil Leith was in great delight. Her scheme for Kit's future seemed as though it would bo more than successful. As she had foreseen and imagined, Lady Milborongli con ceived at one o an interest and a liking for tho pale-faced girl, with her wonderful hair and still more wonderful eyes, who was to come and live with hor and bo her companion. Aud Kit, suffering as she was, numb almost with the agony in her heart, found it impos sible to resist the sweetness and gentleness of the old woman who received her so warmly and seemed so glad to see her. Kit was as eager now to leave the big house in Mnyfair Square as she had been eager before to cling to it. She could havo fallen on her knees and thanked Heaven when she heard that Lady Milborough preferred sho should begin heiy duties at onco. ' I am sorry to rob you, my dear,' tho old lady had said to Sybil ; ' but tho fact is, I want to get down to my dear old homo in the country. Your big, noisy, brilliant Lon don is too much for me. I am not strong enough for it, and I want to get away at once. I should bo glad if Miss Lowo will travol with mo, and bo introduced to my gardens before alt the roses are dead.' ' And Kato will go gladly,' Sybil an swered ; ' and I shall bo glad for her to go, for porhai^s sho will be ablo to steal some of your roses for hor pale, thin cheeks. Sho knows how sorry I am to loso her, bat I am not going to bo solfish,' Kit said nothing, but hor hand wont out to tho speaker. Lady Milborough, looking at hor palo young face, folt a pang of sympathy run through her heart, She was old in yoars, but sho was young in sentimout and feelings, and sho felt, without words, that she was in tho presonco of a montal suffering almost more than could bo borne, Sho held out her hand involuntarily. ' And so you will como ? And you will not be afraid of a dull, quiot life with an old woman, my dear P' Kit bont hor head and kissed tho wrinkled hand, but still sho said nothing, only her boautiful oyes woro eloquent with all hor lips could not say, Sho drovo away with Sybil in silence, Forunatoly, Sybil was so lost in hor own happy thoughts sho did not notice tho cliango that had como ovor tho girl besido hor. It is true sho had observed Kit's palo chooks and tho dark-bluo shadows round hor eyes ; hor heart, too, was touched by tho look in those samo oyos — a strained, norvous oxprossion that bespolco intonso suiloring, either mentally I ur uuuu;^ _ To Sybil Loith this look convoyed only tho improssion that tho girl had not yot rocovered from tho sovoro norvous hoadaobo that had prostrated hor so utterly tho day boforo, and Kit might have spared horsolf tho groat anxioty that bosot hor that hor girl friond should soo a difOoronoo in hor and want to know tho oauso, Tho long, awful hours that had gono sinoo that mamont when tho fullnoss of her wrong, tho absoluto comprohonflion of tho man s basoness and tronoliory had broken upon hor, had loft an indoliblo traco on Kit's mind and heart, developing, with that marvellous rapidity which grief works in a sonsitivo nature, emotions, traits ot whioh sho had not ovon known horsolf to bo possossod, and wiuuii ruujJiiBuu iiur uy uuv iivvunvaii uuu strength. Sho undorwont a sort of montal transfor mation ns sho lay Blooploss through tho night that soomodintorminablo, ThoBwootness,tho gonorosity, tho beauty of hor nnturo was olouded for tho momout by uncontrollable passion of bitterness, of prido, of rogrot, All tho visionary softness of hor droamland was swept away ; lifo strotohod boforo hor as it really was. Por a timo all tho gooduoss in it was blottod out. Kit forgot tho faithful honest lovo of hor old schoolmate, tho lionost, rough alfootion of Hopsio, nnd tho sinooro and undoubted intovest of Sybil Loith, Sho could only romombor tho dark side, tho ornol, harsh touguo of tho woman who had givon hor ohnrity ho gi'iidglngly ) tho Hellish noss and nttov itulifUoroiwo oi! OonstanoD) tho jealously and dislllco that had boon manifested towards hor by tliosorvanlis in thlHbig house, and, last of all, the hoavtloHsuoss, tho wicked ness of Manrioo Montgomery, whoso hand had so wantonly boon strotohod out to destroy tho youth and beauty of her mind, to take away hor heart and roplaao it with a stono, Sho shod no tears j thoro is somo BufCoring too groat for any such roliof, Hors watt of this calibre, It was not tho grief of a girl ) it was tho sorrow of n. woman,' and with tho woman just ftwnlconod in her- Kit fonrad lust tho truth should asonpo hor in somo way or other and attract Sybil's attention j and, ubavo all, Sybil Loith must novor, novor know thlH truth — numl; not know, indeed, that thoro wiih nught to troublo Kit of a dnopor uivtm'u than those almost insignificant troubles which Sybil had seemedto realise and under stand without words of explanation. It was an intense relief to Kit to find that Sybil made no remark about her appearance, except one of sympathy that her headache should have been so bad ; and as they drove in silence to the big house, Kit felt that this danger that she had dreaded so much was over altogether, for her strength aud hold over herself would increase as the timo went on, and if her face still wore its pallor and her eyes that same worn, painted look — well, it would be easy for Sybil to account for this by tho knowledge of tlrc regret Kit must feel at leaving her. When they reached tho house Sybil iusistcd on taking Kit up to her room. 'You are to rest very quietly. You look as white as a ghost, and remember you have a journey before you to-morrow. Oh, Kate, dear, I hope you will be happy. It seems so nnkilld for rnr- fcn lot. trnn rrn OV./1 _ -- Kit kissed the hand she held gently. '' It will be happy. I give you my pro mise, dear Sybil,' she answered ; and, indeed, she felt as though the fnture spent with this kind, gentle old lady must indeed bo happiness, there was such an element of peacc about it. Sho was glad to rest as Sybil desired, and sho lay very still, with closed eyes, lost in a maze of thought that was too sad, too miser able, too confused to be disentangled at this moment, far into tho night, never moving, indeed, till Sybil crept in on licr way to bed to kiss her good-night and to show her much tender kindness. It was dreivn before Kit fell asleep, worn out by her mental suffering, and when she awoke, the sun shone m through the window, proclaiming that day was woll born, the day that was to bo the beginning of Kit's new life under Lady Milborough's care and guidance. To Constance Marlowe's intense annoyance, she found it not easy to manage her mother with regard to her journey to London. Mrs. Marlowe had suffered a blow when Kit had disappeared so mysteriously from her home. It was a bitter thing to hor ever to acknow ledge a wrong j but it was also impossible for her not to feel that she had gone a little too ? ? ? ° _ '.Ll. il _ ? 1 in nui \tsi-y uujusu uiigur wiui uie girl, and this knowledge had the effect of making her more disagreeable and austere than ever. Constance had a very unpleasant timo ; the subject ot Kit had not been broached between her mother and herself. After the morning wlion Constance had informed Mrs. Marlowe that the girl she so much disliked would troublo her no more, as sho had gono away and would accept no further charity, she did not enlighten her mother further than to say that she had given out to tho neigh bourhood around that Kit had beou sent to 1 school, as tho best means of satisfactorily j accounting for hor absenco. j The whole matter gave Mrs. Marlowo con siderable annoyanco aud somo pain ; for hard, unsympathetic, and ungenerous as she was, sho abominated any deceit and falsehood, and, moreover, sho had decided qualms of conscience ovor the fate of tho girl whom hor dead husband had bequeathed to her carc. When sho saw this anxiety, Constance con fided to her mother tho intelligence that sho know Kit was well and in safo hands, having received nows of her, and after this she said no more. Kit's namo was never mentioned, and lifo wont as usual at Tho Limes. When Constance broached tho subject of hor pro posed visit to town, sho was considerably up set to find hor mother by no moans inclined toward it, and thowholo mattor required such delicato manipulation that, by the timo that Miss Marlowo found herself at last en route to Jjonaon, siie toareel vory much that ono part of hor errand would be fruitless. It was almost a week sinco sho had heard from Kit, and sho had thon announced hor immodiato doparturo from tho Loiths. By this time sho would be with Lady Milborough, and, who could toll, porliaps sho had already met Philip Desmond and upsot ovorything ! ( To ? be continued.) 