The Ballerina. BY COLONEL J. F. MH-LIKKK. Death and I hare almost shaken hands on several occasions. Other persons have made a closer acquaintance with him, but they seldom jotted down their experience afterwards. That labor was left for sor rowing friends. Did you ever feel so pale that the cold chills ran down your back, your hair seem to stand pompadour, your heart cease to beat, your knees emits each other, and a general sense of goneness pervade your whole system with a fulness that caused you to wish that you were in soma other more salubrious locality ? I have felt that way. It is not pleasant! I had been in Egypt for five years, and was just roturning from my first visit, in that period, to the United States. I made a pretty good sojourn in Paris, for it is a rather difficult matter to cut loose from itB boulevards and old Paulaski'e American bar, especially when you have plenty of money in your pocket, and I was yet twenty-five hundred francs under my limit, made when I started on the trip. However, there is an end to every thing, excepting the supply of poor actors and the applioantB for free ad missions, eo one fine evening Paulasld and a oouple more congenial spirits esoorted xne out to the Gare de Lyons, and bade me a md adieu. Paulasld actually wept, al though I am inolined to think, at this late day, that it woe more on aeoount of the prospective loss of from fifty to one hun dred franca a day than from the actual part ing ; bnt it went then, and I oould not fcave felt worse at my own funeral. As J climbed into the compartment of the funny little bob-tailed railway carriage -the foreign passenger oars always seemed funny to me-I noticed in the opposite corner what appeared to be a rather fine looking man of apparently 36, with . fall red beard \and moustache, almost completely oovered with his travelling rug, and fixed as comfortably as possible for the night. Standing in the corner beside him, in a light leather case was a shot gun. I took a mental photo graph of this in the dim light, and soon the guard ehut and locked the door, and the train drew out of the station. We were, the only occupants, and neither of ue had spoken a word. As I got my traps in shape for a long and tiresome ride I thought: This ia an Englishman going to a friend's chateau on a shooting excursion. I wish I was with him. I would juBt like a pop at some of those pheasantB brought up by hand. Pll bet that there is as much differ ence between their flight and one of our Allegheny Mountain birds ae there is between the paces of a . thorough bred and a cart horse. Gradually pheasants, and horses, and guns, and dogs, and red whiskers, and railway carriages blended, and I fell sound asleep. I was dead tired, and the parting from my friends had not been a dry one. The thought of fear or danger had not entered my mind, for my trousers were made, American fashion, and one hip pooket carried a 32 Smith and Wesson. There is nothing has a more soothing effect upon the nerves when you are ia a strange country, only it is awful hard on the Beat of the trousers, and runs up tailors' bills alarmingly. When I awoke it was with a start, and I felt as though the back ot my neck had been broken. In a moment I colleoted my Mattered senses. It was broad daylight, and my companion was apparently as peacefully sleeping as I had sssn him when 1 had entered the carri age. I pulled myself together as wall as possible, with the assistance of a little of Paulaski'e Monongahela-he calls Pittsburg his home-and looked out on the beautiful landscape, as we bowled along at the rate of 40 miles an hour; Until you have eeen the south of France, you do not know what a pretty country is. Their little bits of farms are perfect gardene, and all the bnildings appear to have been put up to etay. I used to wunder where all the French wine came from, but, after I had made a couple of trips tbrough.that section, the question I asked of myself was: "Wheredoes it all go tof and I gave it up. Meanwhile, my friend bad wakened up, and, as the washing facilities of these carriages are like lliss Smith's celebrated boarding house pea soup-more remarkable for what was left out than for what was put in-he performed his ablu tions as I had previously done with a dry handkerchief; but he never Baid good morning, and I, not to be outdone in politeness, said the samo. I had seen a good many conservative Englishmen, and heard of others, so 1 registered an emphatic vow that If he did not speak first, he would never learn anything from me of the resources;of America. We had breakfast together at Maoon, and rode all day alone in "our compartment through the apparently endless vineyards, and not a wvd was spoken. T< rino (Turin) was my first objective poia >, and, as the peaks of the Alps came in vi aw, and we began to draw near the Hou it Cenis Tunnel, tbe thought struok me ; that the Englishman was a pretty thorough sportsman to take suoh a trip for thejiake of a few birds, that you could probably catch by putting a little salt on thafir tails, and then the idea struck me thaw perhaps he intended to try the ibex miitb. buokshot-that amused me. But we Maohed the tunnel, went through it and the Alps, and down on to the historic Plains of Lombardy. We reaohed Torino, took the same omnibus to the Hotel d'Angleterre, dined at the same round table for five days, and never spoke a word to each other. When I had paid my long hotel bill, whioh is only equalled in length by the feu bill of an actor ia a company where the ghost fails to'Walk, and hope baa died, out, and entered the omnibus to take the train to Milan, there was my Englishman. I had learned to admire his conservatism, and had given bim the mental cake as being the chamgion. liat this was too much for me. I weakened, and, with ^hearty laugh, said: "Good morningt It seems that you and I are destined to go | on together for ever, so we might as well get acquainted." With a laugh as nearly as my own, he courteously re plied. When he oommenced to speak I was paralysed. Mon Dieu t He was not an Englishman, bat a Frenchman, and his ebpt gun was a barometer. He had been sent out from the hydrographic office in PariB to compare the barometer with those in the different cities of Europe. We spent a jolly day at Milan, and 1 remember dis tinctly how disappointed 1 was with the Cathedral, how pleased I was with the Arcads, how badly I beat my friend shoot ing, and how foil he waB when I bade him goodby; but I am as far ahead of my real story as Revelation is from Genesis. I must go back to Egypt -not quite so far back as to where Pha raoh endeavoured to prevent the Israelites from emigrating, and. got a ducking for his pains-but to the opening of the Pana-no, I mean, Suez Canal. There is no record of the subsidising in thiB under taking, but there were immense sums of money expended in connection with it that never went into dredging. Ismail Pasha, Khedivo, was a gentleman who did not eare how much money he spent-so long as some one else furnished it. To give the Empress Eugenie a royal welcome he, inter alia, built a magnificent opera house, and produced a new opera, " Aida," written by Verdi, expressly for the oooasion. Ismail has passed away, but the canal and the opera house yet remain. Until 1882 the opera house was ocoupied each season by an impresBario who brought a first- class opera oompany over from Europe on a governmental sub sidy of 60,000dol, and what he oould make in addition, and the addition filled his pockets and spoiled the Egyptians. Chorus girls and ballerina (ballet dancers) were above par in that country. When I started on my trip to America the opera season hqd just closed, and on board the same vessel were a number of the per formers bound for their homes in various parts of Italy. We had a terribly stormy passage, and came eo close to running ashore on the island of Corsica that the captain's hair turned grey. Six men and all the boats were washed over board. The only thing that saved us was good seamanship and an extra amount of hard praying. There was not muoh love-making on that trip, but, ad interim, I managed to kick up an ac quaintance with a pretty little ballerina named Coro Morrello, who oame from Torino. When we reached Genoa, where the Toyage ended, I was arrested at the CUB torn-house for attempting to smuggle 17 oigors^and 100 cigarettes, and before I j got things straightened out my ballerina j disappeared. j This treatment so disgusted me with 1 Genoa that I decided to take the first train for the North. When I arrived at the railway station the first person I noticed waa Cora, and by the time we reached her home, we ,were devotedly attached. My time at Torino was limited, eo I promised to stop on my return, and that was how I came to make the quiet trip with the English sports-, man (P). Torino is a lovely city under any oiroometances, but when you have the additional attraction of a " front rower," and " such a nice girl, too," it is simply irresistible. We judge the Italians by the riff raft we eee here, but they are no more the representatives of their country than a Bowery be of the United States. The handsomest people to be found in the world are the better clasB of Italians. I; have forgotten exactly how many dukes | and princes Coca told me able wasdesoended from, -but her family tree cast a pretty denee shade. We had a fgular picnic during the firsf.four days or my stay, and made exoursione'>to all of the many points of interest in avd arouad the city. We would ramble around all day, then dine at a charming restaurant on the banke of the beantifnl river Axno-or is it Po P After getting comfortably filled up on real Chianti, we would attend the thoatro, and a box was the only place that wan good enough for us. When the perform ance was ended we would stroll to her home in a little, narrow, blind passageway called Via Malatesta, and there is where the trouble commenced. The streets of all the Italian citieB are generally narrow, the honees high, and the lighting, at night, exceedingly poor; I had noticed, during our homeward walk on on ore two occasions that a couple of gentlemen in long military cloaks were apparently taking more than 6 per cent, interest in my welfare, but I paid no more attention to them than had we been on Broadway. My trip down that long passage way to a thoroughfare, and back to tho hotel, was the unpleasant feature of the day, but suoh trips are the legacies of all lovers. I had just bidden her a .fond good night after we had Btumbled np to her door, on the fourth evening of my stay, and turned towards the dim light that marked the' street a half block distant, when I had that indescribable crawling sensation of fear come over me. I knew that there was danger of some kind menacing me. But what P Where P It was eo pitoh daxk that&oould; not see the houses on either side of me. I was not left long in suspense. A clo&k; was thrown over my head. I "threw np my left hand and for tunately oaught the right wrist of my assailant. Quioker than a flash my head was under his arm, my right hand be tween his legs, and over my shoulder he went, head first, on the solid stone pave ment. Without stopping a seoond to assess damages I sprinted down that passage way at a rate that would have won first prise at the Manhattan games, and never' even chuckled to myself until 1 struck a lamp on the main street, and then I laughed as I piotured the gentleman's surprise, and how poor Jim Mooe, who taught me the throw, wonld have enjoyed it. But 1 never ohaeed my ballerina up the Via MalateBta again, nor did she call to bid me farewell. Now, when the ballerina dance, I let lomtose else pay the piper. 