TASMANIAN NOTES. BY NOTOS. THE BLOW HAS FALLEN. The social event of the month has been the falling of the long-expected blow, in the shape of a call of £1 a share by the liquidators of the V. D. L. Bank. The product of the recent lottery was but a drop abstracted from the reservoir of debt, nor is another lottery, now projected, likely to do more than pro- duce somewhere about a shilling in the pound. This call means ruin to many, utter despair to some, and terrible anxiety to all concerned. At the outset the lowest esti- mate of assets, which were said to have been "slaughtered," left a small surplus to the shareholders, but now it is known that the whole unpaid capital, £5 a share, will have to be called up, whilst it is highly improbable that the shareholders will ever see a penny piece in return. The way in which the bank was managed is simply astounding. It was always a reckless bank, but the last revela- tions obscure all that have gone before. The unhappy shareholders talk of calling a meet- ing to take steps to prosecute the directors for issuing a false balance-sheet, but the time has gone by for such a proceeding, if ever it was possible to carry it out success- fully. Nothing will be done. The afflicted will suffer silently, some will sink under the burden, as some have sunk already, while others will go about with all the hope sucked from their lives, with nothing before them but the prospect of unremitting toil to the end of their days. It is pitiable, and none the less so because others elsewhere suffer in a like manner. NATIONAL BARRACKING. Lord BeaconBfield in his Endymion lays down the aphorism that "everybody likes a procession." Whether this is true or not in the broad manner in which it is stated, nothing can be more certain than that our Irish friends dote on processions. They get up one on the smallest provocation, or on no provocation at all, and go into a state of wild excitement if it is only helped out by a band. So Michael Davitt had processions and bands, and let us hope that lie was happy. He was taken to the Town-hall in Hobart, when the Mayor, who received him, was very uncomfortable, but was only absurd when he meant to be funny, having burst out into a eulogy of Tasmania. Mr. Davitt, like the Major's wife in Pendennts, declined to believe that anything was superior to Ireland, and might have parodied the lady in question, who declared that in Ireland she had seen camellias " as big as tay-pots." Moreover, a certain spirit ot ex aggeration marked the whole proceedings, in which, though I expect to be abused for say ing so, there was a great deal of make-believe. On Monday night Mr. Davitt lectured on Home Rule, to a smaller au'lience than was expected, the chair being taken by Mr. Attorney-General .Clark, who is a gusher. His mind, somehow, does not seem to be groWn up, whilBt his logic is of the groggy order, always weak in the legs. He declared himself a Home Ruler, as he has declared himself dozens of other things at various times, the main condition being that the theory shall be some outside, out-of-the-way one. Mr. Davitt gave the usual address on Home Rule, but he did not carry his hearers altogether with him, espe cially in his advocacy of a single Chamber. His main point was the old fallacy that Ire land only wants what these colonies have, which is plain contradiction of what most Home Rulers have demanded and even Mr. Gladstone was disposed to grant. If Ireland Wants to make a protective tariff against England, to vote supplies for defence, to be more independent than the American States, to decide every item of her own taxation, and to have a navy and army of her own, she bad better' say so, and we shall know what she means, if she does not want all thiB and more, then Home Rulers will do well to cease Baying that they only want what the colonies have. A FLOWERY TREASURE!;. If it be true that the most poetical produc tions are the most feigning, as we find averred, the recent financial statement of our Treasurer can hardly be regarded with confidence, for it fairly bristles with poetical quotations, which are of the most varied kind, though they all labour under the disad vantage of being extremely well known, whilst some of them are commonplace. Our Treasurer fancies that he is a literary charac ter, which he is not by any means; whilst he loves to get in what he thinks is a classical touch, though his efforts show that he Has no Jjatin and less Greek.. His efforts resemble those of the " poor, ill-used nobleman," who «sed to interlard his letters with such phrases as necesiitasnonhabellegem'flaborareestorare, and others of the same type usually found at the end of dictionaries. The.curious part of the business is that many of the quotations do not appear to have any relation to the subject in hand, but look as if they bad been dropped in their places at haphazard, merely to show that he could quote when he liked. The consequence is a singular jumble of sense and what may be called nonsense, beoause Mr. Fysh could, had he kept from bis higb-falutin, whioh he regards as fine Writing, have made a valuable financial exposition, and one which would have <lone him credit. As it was, he chose to Write one that ocoupied some twelve toolnmnB of the Mercury, which, as far as I can learn, not a living soul has read through, ?or has the slightest intention of doing so. The papers would have done good service bad they out down this monstrously long Winded manifesto to a oonpleof oolamns, at the ruk of making Mr. Fysh their i Utter enemy. He might have declared, ^ *' Faith, I'll print," and show the rogues they Ued { bat thca be would have had to pay for als fan, anf^onght to, as it in death to othea. One quotation was so venerable th&t; I "" ' .' the least Bering the point, exclaimed, "That quotation was never laughed at before." METAPHOHIO. A neat little thing in the way of mixed metaphor is found in thiB tremendous pro duction. There are several supposed clas sical allusions ot the most ordinary cha racter. " 2?16 things, we know, are neither rich nor rare, But wonder how the devil they got there." The most ambitious attempt is a description ot the commissioner of the income tax trying to collect the tax in a sieve provided by the Legislature. This is not bad, it is really an appropriate simile ; but the world is next told that the commissioner is performing the task of the Danaides. This is unfortunate, because those amiable and obedient ladies had no trouble in getting water, but they could not keep it when they lmd got it. The commissioner's trouble is that he cannot get half the water, but all he gets he sticks to. There are no holes in his tub A LITTLE JOKE. The opening of Parliament ans given rise to a joke. It is a mild and modest one, but just as a book's a book although there's nothing in it, so a joke's a joke these times, when the habit of quiet enjoyment is anid to have been lost. The wags here-and there are wags, although the stranger might not readily recognise them-declare that as the Governor, with the wonderful cocked-bat on, emerged from the legislative halls, the band, suddenly inspired, burst out with "'Ee don't know where 'ee are," to the horror of the Commandant, who wished to stop the offenceful strain. Some say that it was the appearance of the Treasurer immediately behind the Governor that caused this out burst, which was in the nature of the out burst of a Pythoness inspired, as the financial statement shows. THE LIB STATISTICAL. "The world is still deceived with orna ment," but not half so much as it ia deceived with statistics. Mr. Giffen came here a few years ago, and warned us ot the fallacies that lie hid beneath the fairest array of figures, marshalled in their neat columns, and looking so innocent, but he warned us in vain. Oar Treasurer thinks that he knows all about the meaning of export and imports, quoting the figures with much unction if not grace, and deducing conclusions there from which must highly amuse the laughing gods, who mock at the creatures here below. He has discovered, in company with some others, that the less yon get for what you sell the richer you are, and that if you keep on selling at a loss you will be prosperous beyond the dreams of national avarice. The ghost of the mercantile theory haunts us still, whilst the shade of Adam Smith, who wrote the most important book that Ins been written for centuries, looks down and weeps or smiles, for both actions are appropriate. Then consider the miles of statistics, printed on fine paper, issued every year in these colonies in regard to the roost trivial matters, matters which concern nobody and to which no living being pays the slightest attention. Broad results, accurately learned, would be of value and interest, but the mass of details as to attendance at par ticular schoole and matters of a like kind are a waste of time, and, what is more serious, of public money. Our own sta tistician, whose ardour is never abated, has made a shot at the number of sheep and cattle in the colony, because retrenchment prevented him getting his usual returns. He makes out that there has been a con siderable increase in the sheep and a very fair increase in cattle; but the pastoralists and farmers say " No, nothing of the kind." They declare that the country was never before so bare of sheep and cattle as it now is, a fact on which they insist very strongly. Which is right? Most probably the farmers and the pastoralists, for they know from experience, whereas the assumption of data, though very specious, leads to many astonishing conclusions. OCB BACKWARD WHKAT-GBOWINO, At a recent meeting of the Southern Pastoral and Agricultural Society there was a discussion on agricultural matters, which is not without its moral. The Governor, who presided, took the farmers to task because the average yield of wheat is not as high in this colony as in England, and also because we have not yet learned to supply our own wants. A rough farmer, in homely language, answered the criticism in plain, blunt style. He pointed out that in these colonies the high farming of England could never be made to pay, because of the rate of wages and many other causes. He then proceeded to remark that in many parts of this colony wheat could not be grown to advantage, but where it could so be . grown it was grown,. and the average yield was high. But, said he,Ve can grow stud sheep, and we can exchange them for wheat, to our great gain. Further, 'we can grow potatoes in many parts to great advantage, for which we can get a great deal more wheat than we could grow on tiie same land. This was a free trade speech, which seemed to take the meet ing by surprise, especially as it was made by a farmer, seeing that most of his class are hot for dutieB to raise the prices 'of their pro duce. No one made a reply. The meeting, seemed to have some new food for thought; such as should be supplied to Trades halls and other placed in which sophistry goes band in Band with nonsense in a fashion to make the angelB weep. I am . reminded by this little'discussion application of skS, capital. and carelultore surhtis the breeding of stud sheep m one part of this colony. The animals are a wonder to behold. One recently called special attention to may be said to be The finest run, air, that'erer was fed upon h«y, , in ihe word* of the old nursery song. There suits produced are wonderful wid may be folrpp «* an example of what might be done in other directions, if onlrfne saute skill and means, were employed. For examj* - mania wasonoefotaous for draught 