A GHOST STORY. By Mary Kyle Dallas. One morning Arthur Heywood received a strange letter. It was from his maiden aunt, Miss Maud Heywood. " Come at once," it said. "I am going to die, and I want to leave you my property It seems right to see you first." Arthur had never met his Aunt Maud, who lived by herself In a handsome country residence. She had inherited it from her mother, while the boys — her brothers—were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's father had been the oldest, and all he had ever said of his sister Maud was that some- thing she had done in early youth had made them all angry, and that they never saw each other, and, for his part, he never desired to do so. And now, when Arthur Heywood was quite alone In the world, this aunt had written to him. He expected to find a witch-like old woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a strange, old, black servant-woman had opened the door, he was ushered into, a room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of the shaded lamps, scarcely looked old at all, sat in a velvet chair, and held out her hand to him. "You are a Heywood," she said. "You resemble your father, but are not so stern, Selim was stern to cruelty. And your mother Is gone, too. Well, she must have had a hard life of It, unless he was kinder to her than to his sister. " " There, don't speak. I shall say nothing but what I feel. This estate ought to go to a Heywood. You shall have it. I think you will have to wait a few months. My heart is affected. I shall die very suddenly. At present I am not very ill, but it will be as I say. "Don't express regret. You care nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and, above all, I hate hypocrisy, I have made my will in your favor. Stay until the last." With these words she closed Arthur's mouth. Then she rang the bell and ordered supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty- year-old nephew to his room, at nine o'clock, as though he had been a school- boy. It was a large room at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go to bed at once. A night lamp stood upon the mantel-piece ; he lit it before he retired. The excuse be made to himself was that his aunt might be taken ill in the night; but he was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernatural. "It all this talk of dying and of will and legacies," he said. "I shall sleep it off." And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as a dream until midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for the ghost- seer, he was awakened with a start, to see at the foot of his bed a little dark woman with fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of white cap on her head, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which was tied a white apron. She seemed to be a nurse or a ser- vant of some sort, and it was Arthur's im- pression that his aunt was ill. "Have you come to call me ?" he asked. The woman came a little nearer. " Yes," replied a voice, which made his blood run cold ; " that woman is dying." "My aunt?" ejaculated Arthur. "Your aunt," replied the figure. "If some one doesn't set to work at once she'll die without being hung. I want her hung." "This is a lunatic," thought Arthur. He started to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what seemed best under the circumstances, but the woman was gone. He went to the door. It was fastened as he had left it on retiring. The windows were bolted down. There was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, he made sure that no one was hidden there, resolved that he had had a bad dream, and composed himself to sleep again, wondering why imagination should play such freaks on him. However, this dream, if dream it were, was repeated three times. Each time the strange, dark woman expressed her desire to see Maud Heywood hung, and declared that if It were not done it would soon be too late. His aunt was not a woman to whom to repeat such a dream, even had she been in strong health. There was no one else to speak to. But the thing seemed so curious that Arthur made a record of it in a sort of diary he was in the habit of keeping, following it by some reflections upon dreams. At last, however, he was awakened not by a ghost, but by a rap on his door. His aunt was dying — a servant had come for him. When he reached her room she was in- sensible. She never spoke to him again, he could not mourn her loss, for she was almost a stranger to him, but he showed every mark of respect possible to her memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather from curiosity than any other feeling, for Miss Heywood had entertained no one, and visited no one in the neighborhood ; and in due course of time the will was read. It left everything to Arthur Heywood, only son of her deceased brother, Selim Heywood, and with but one proviso: The garret should remain as It was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar — never to be opened on any pretext whatever. "I do not choose to say why," wrote the testator. "Unless my nephew will agree to this, he cannot inherit. I shall leave a codicil to be read, in case that he refuses, directing the disposition to be made, of the, house." But Arthur had no hesitation in agreeing, to this whim of his dead aunt, who, doubt- less, had consigned to the garret some treasures of her youth which she did not wish to destroy. And he took possession of the estate, and soon married and brought home a wife. Years brought them a family, and still the garret remained closed. A garret is a great loss to a housekeeper, but whenever Mrs. Heywood made this remark her hus- band would reply that "the estate would be a greater one. "Who will ever know?" she would urge. "Who cares?" A codicil which I have, never seen re- mains," Arthur would reply. "Who knows what might happen?" And so his Fatima did no more than peep through the keyhole of this Bluebeard's chamber. The mystery was greater, however, to the children , and when the eldest boy was ten years old it had occurred to him that no- thing could be so delightful as to peep into that garret, in which might be hidden all sorts of wonderful treasures. And so one day, by means of a ladder some fruit-pickers had left near the house, he gained the sloping roof, and reached the dormer window. Perched on the sill, he peeped in ; but at the moment the ladder slipped.- He remained on the window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit-pickers, hearing him, run to his assistance. However, though the child had crept up the sloping roof, the men could not reach him and knowing nothing of the taboo which forbade the opening of the garret door, one of them bade the child re- main where he was until he came, and rushed up the staircase, followed by all the household. The door was soon broken in, the window opened, the child rescued. And then the woman, who until now had forgotten all but her boy's danger, took breath and looked about her. The garret was a bare place; buss with old garments and smelling hideously. In one dark corner lay what looked like a bed. Upon It, what? To approach, to gaze, and to rush wildly from the room was the work of a moment. It was a skeleton dressed in a gray gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered With long black hair, that lay there. Arthur Heywood was absent from home at the time. When he returned he found the Iong-sealed garret door opened, heard his wife's story amidst her sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. There he stood, transfixed with horror and astonishment. The skeleton upon the bed wore the grey dress, the white cap, and had the straight black hair of the woman who had appeared to him thrice in a vision, demanding the execution of his aunt, Maud Heywood. Whatever this meant, the discovery had been a public one, and so must the-explana- tion be. Arthur sent for the proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate. This codicil had been enveloped and sealed by Miss Maud, who alone knew the contents. It contained these words : "This paper will only be opened if the garret is opened also. In that case my secret will be known to those who are of my own age, for there was much excitement when Jane Jarvelle disappeared. She was well-known in the neighborhood, and but for letters which I wrote myself and ex- hibited to curious folk, the truth might have been suspected at the time. "Jane came to live with me as house- keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years ago. I was betrothed to a man I adored. My brother Rupert hated him. He placed Jane Jarvelle in my house as a spy. She intercepted letters and worked in such a way that my engagement was broken off and my life embittered. My lover left, me with scorn, believing a false tale, and married another. One day I discovered Jane Jar- velle's treachery, I went in search of her. I found her in the garret. There we had a scene and there I murdered her. I stabbed here to the heart. She lived only long enough to shriek : " 'I will haunt the house until you are hung for this!" "She has done it. I have seen her. But I shall not be hung. The secret is all my own. I locked the garret, dismissed my servants in a body, and gathered new ones about me. I told people that Jane had been dismissed for dishonesty. I did not lie. " My brother, Rupert, cross-questioned me, and made great search for Jane Jarvelle; the others were never good to me. - Ours was an unkindly race ; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To his only son I have left all. Let him pity me. "Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, never at rest, never at peace, pursued for ever by dread of a horrible death on the gallows, and assured of future punishment; what has my life been? Again I say— pity me, and pray for me." 