THE CATHOLIC CHUIICH ' IN AUSTRALASIA. AN IMPORTANT WORK RY CARDINAL MORAN. (BY A, O.) The publishers of these volumes have written In tlieir preface "It is an indispu table fact that many books relating to Church history are singularly dull;" and. If we except tlie ecclesiastical parts of Gib- bon', the remark is generally true. Gibbon, however, may be thought by some people to have only cscapca from dulncss by color ing the truth. Other Protestant historians, such as D'Aublgne, aro more unfortunate, for even their inaccuracy cannot relieve dull and tedious narrations, which have an equal power to deceive or to disgust their readers. Cardinal Moran has succeeded In being both accurate and readable, in no ordinary mariner. His accuracy is vouched for by many original and official documents, both ecclesiastical and civil, copied from tho archives of Dublin, Westminster, and Rome, as well as from her Majesty's Col onial Office, and from the correspondence of those distinguished and zealous mem bers of the Church who made the history which is here narrated. The Cardinal has arranged and used all these with great skill, and in a pleasing manner, which does credit to his choice of materials and Ills ta lent in applying them. The Cardinal's own style is so singularly lucid, easy, and In teresting, that both he and his readers are to be congratulated. The whole commu nity, moreover, in ail these colonics, should be graterul to his Eminence for his valu able contribution to their history. Nor should the publishers he forgotten, for their part In this meritorious and satisfactory production. The whole work has been pro duced In Sydney by the Oceanic Publishing Company, and It does the greatest credit to their Industry and liberality. The book is in quarto size. The paper is good; the type is excellent; and the volumes are filled with illustrations of places and per sons, many of which must have been diffi cult to procure, and some of which are of tlie deepest Interest to those who care for the early history and struggle of the Aus tralasian Church. No doubt a few of the ornaments and illustrations leave something to be desired, aDd are more admirable for their matter than thc-lr form; but questions of taste, whether in literature or In draw ing, are pc-rsona! affairs, which it is un profitable and even ill-bred to discuss. It might be suggested, however, that an index should be added in ail future editions; and that the headings of tfie chapters, which now serve rather badly for an index, should be supplied with a reference to the pages on which the various materials are to be found. Without this convenience, the head ings to the chapters are almost more irri tating than useful, as they are crowded with interesting details, which are difficult and inconvenient to find. The book would also be more valuable if a page of statis tics were added, showing in one place the provinces and dioceses of all the colonies, with the numbers of clergy and laity In each, and a list of churches, convents, schools, and other institutions. With the exception of these few slight blemishes or omissions the book Is admirable. It Is published in several editions, and at various places, from an edition do luxo to a more humble form, and it may be obtained In one volume or in two, accord ing to the taste and means of the pur chaser. It is, therefore, accessible to all classes of the public; and we hope they will confer an obligation upon themselves by Insuring It as large a circulation as It deserves The story of tlie Australasian Church Is as romantic In Its origin, as herols in it3 efforts, and as triumphant in Its results, as anything in the long history of the great Roman and Catholic Communion. The Car dinal reminds us that a Spanish expedition sighted our shores on Whit Sunday, 1606, anil the commander named them "The Southern Territory of the Holy Ghost." The latter half of tlie title lias been too much forgotten; but the first part, in the form of Australia, has prevailed against the "New Holland" of tho Dutch explorers and the first English settlers. These arrived lu 17SS. under Governor Phillip, and for many yc-ars the prospects of all the churches were dark enough. Two Catho lic chaplains asked lo accompany the ex pedition, hut. were refused, and the first ecclesiastics to arrive here were Irish priests, who were sent out themselves for too much patriotic zeal, or too little poli tical discretion. Even these were not al lowed to administer to tlieir co-rellgiouists, through a policy which was as brutal as It was blundering, and it was not until 1803 that Father Dixon was allowed by Governor King to celebrate Mass once In three weeks in Sydney, Parramatta, and Hawkesbury, In rotation. The Catholics from any' one place were not allowed to worship at tlie others, and the services were only granted under severe regula tions, for which tlie congregations were enjoined to be duly grateful. This was tho humble beginning of the Australasian Church, and Father Dixon was mado Pre fect Apostolic of New Holland. His chalice was of tin, and his one vestment was made out of "some old damask curtains." The original Anglican Church and chaplains were even more curious. The building was a thatched fabric of posts and wattle work, plastered with clay. The labor was paid for partly ill money, partly In rum, flour, pork, and other provisions, of which the chaplain, with less piety than we should Ulce. estimated the "market price" at about double the "real value." We presume that he bought at the "real price," and obtained tlie "market price" from the Governor, and lie thus deserved to be In reality what Father Dixon was In theory, a convict. It is even more Btrango to loaru that the churches of St. Phillip in Sydney, and of St. John, at Parramatta, were dedicated not to tlie Apostles, but to Governors Phil lip and John Hunter. Tills is, perhaps, carrying the supremacy of the Crown a little too far. During these years, the Catholics were used very harshly, and were compelled to attend the Anglican service, or take the consequences. ' These were just as painful, and more tedious than martyrdom, as they could be re peated. Between 1803 anil ISIS, the Church was served by three banished or "con vict" priests, and there are few stories more exemplary, or more romantic, than the preservation of the blessed sacrament In a private house, and the devotion of tho Catholics while they were left with out a pastor, when the last convict priest, Father Flynn. was banished. Upon that site, there now stands St. Patrick's Church. To the convict priests, there succeeded regular and authorised chaplains. Then Dr. Ullathorne was made vlcar-general of New Holland, and he was succeeded by Dr. Folding, as Vicar Apostolic. In 1S41, the hierarchy was established, and tho Vicar Apostolic became the first Archbishop of Sydney. After that the growth of the Church, thuugh not early, was rapid and continuous. A group of flourishing churches has grown up round tho mother Church of Sydney, and in this Diocese alone there were, in 1892, a Car dinal Archbishop, an Auxiliary Bishop, 160 priests, 111 teaching brothers, 676 nuns, 18,174 children lu the schools, and a Catho lic population of about 135,000. The suffra gan bishoprics in New South Wales, though smaller, are equally flourishing and pro gressive. Of the other colonies, of Tas mania, and of New Zealand, the same I tiling may be said; and Cardinal Moran has j described this wonderful growth In a falth- j ful and admirable manner, i Few tilings ill this Nineteenth century are more wonderful than tlie growth of the Roman Church In the United States and in Australasia. Here, tho Church has not only grown In size, hut it may he descri bed as the most imposing and the best- ordered > institution In the country. More than tills, as in Saxon England many centuries ago, so iti Anglo-Celtic Austra lasia of to-day, the Roman Church has solved for herself the problem of federa tion. She is a symbol of unity and ordor, j of central authority and of healthy local freedom, which should be the envy of those politicians who sigh or strive In vain to procure tho same result In the sphere of civil government. Lord Macaulay, In an eloquent passage, points to the Roman Church as the one Institution which unites us to tlie declining years of Greece and the majesty of Imperial Rome. She has sur vived all the Governments and even all the nations of those times, and is living in our modern world more vigorous than ever. It is to be feared that no New Zealander will he left to sketch the ruins of St. Paul's, but it Is tolerably, certain that tlie Roman Church will endure when some of her rivals exist only in their ruins, or in the pages of history. However this may be. here and now the Roman Church is the most striking Institution we have amongst us. Every stranger who visits Sydney, and does his. duty by the harbor, will see the palace and seminary at Manly, the convent In Hose Bay, the long roof of tho Cathe dral, impressive and beautiful even as a fragment, the great colleges of St. Ignatius and St. Joseph In Lane Cove, and whatever his theological opinions or prejudices may be, he will have to own that the Roman Church is certainly the visible Church In the mother city of Australia. Such is the outward fact. The Inward explanation is to be found in the devoted lives and labors, in the faith, and charity, and zeal, of those heroic men and women who are described In Cardinal Moran's well-written and In teresting pages. 