ECHOES. (BY SOUND.) Some time ago it was currently reported as an undoubted fact that the Tantanoola tiger had been killed and found to be not a tiger at all but a wolf or some other animal. It has, however, been reserved for Mr. W. Moodie, jun., and Mr. E. Gaffney, both gentlemen of unimpeachable veracity and not given to fun in the least, oh! dear no! to resurrect the tiger. On Saturday Mr. Moodie positively assured me that as he and Mr. Gaffney were driving away from Spring- vale that morning they had seen a striped animal wandering about in one of the pad- docks, which he was sure was a tiger, but he did not follow it—of course not—as he had no weapon of offence and was driving in a buggy. I expressed credulity but, although it may have been the ghost of the Tantanoola specimen, there was not the ghost of a smile on Willie's face when he repeated the state- ment first made. When, however, he described the tiger as being possessed of "a long bushy tail," I arrived at the conclusion that the residents of Springvale and district may continue to sleep in peace so far as any risk from "a man eater" is concerned. All amateur billiard players, more es- pecially these who watched the monotonous play of the champion when engaged in making a series of "push cannons," will, I think, be delighted to learn that this stroke is likely to be "barred" in the future. At an important match recently played in England between two of the leading players, Coles and Courtney, both claimed "fouls" when- ever a push was attempted, and in every instance the claim was allowed by the re- feree. For this player and referee are highly commended in the Sporting and Dra- matic News, which says, "While this stroke was employed in moderation—though when it seems to be generally agreed that, even two balls are within a quarter of an inch of one another, the simplest push cannot be made without a player striking his own ball more than once—every one seemed to be content to be blind to the infraction of the rules. During the last two or three seasons, however, the push has been carried to such an excess that it is quite time some one made a stand in the matter." And so say I, although I happen to know—having seen Mr. J. Byrne, of the Victoria Club do it with a black ball on which an unbroken chalk line was distinctly traced—that a ball a quarter of an inch from another can be pushed through by only being once touched. In, however, nineteen out of twenty cases I really believe this feat is not accomplished, although it is often impossible to detect the second touch. Therefore say I let the stroke be altogether debarred. I have before now expressed the opinion that Mr. Edward Nicholls was the fastest amateur runner up to 100 or 200 yards the colony has ever seen. I now hear from Mr. T. Vines, who has been on a visit to Mr. Nicholls, who is his uncle, that the two sons of that gentleman are possessed of more than the average amount of speed. During his stay in Gippsland, Mr. Vines' cousins competed at a sports meeting at Mitchell Vale, at which the total prize money was £20, out of which they won £17. Not bad for a beginning! Rather a smart thing was said in our local court the other day, which, I think, will bear repeating. It was a case in which Messrs. R. S. Bree and Co. were suing one Allan McLean for £6 5s, and Mr. Palmer was appearing for plaintiffs. On our worthy Mayor going into the box Mr. McCormick asked how the debt had been iocurred, and witness replied it was for a horse sold at auction. "A horse!" exclaimed Mr. Palmer. "Why here (looking at a bill of particulars) you say it was a mare!" "Well," interjected Mr. Horwitz, "if you don't get your money the Mayor will be sold." It would seem that the stewards of the Kyneton Racing Club are very far behind the times with regard to protecting the bet- ting public at their meetings. They will find it to the advantage of everybody and to the credit of the Club to insist upon deposits, as is done at Hamilton. Here the stewards had some trouble with the most adventurous class of bookmakers, and when deposits were obtained and the names posted, it was just as difficult to prevent some foolish punters from going outside and betting with non- guaranteed men for the sake of a shade of odds. The trouble is now reduced to a minimum, for the stewards appointed find that the bookmakers accept the inevitable and pay up, while backers are learning that they are, as a rule, safe in betting with the men whose names are posted on the board. On the other hand, there must be no end of tribulation at Kyneton the other day, as this clipping from tbe Guardian will show:— "Never in tbe history of the Kyneton District Racing Club has there collected upon the course such an army of rank swindlers as disgraced yesterday's Spring meeting; and those of the booking frater- nity who paid with scrupulouss honesty when they lost were in a very decided minority. After each race the bulk of the betting public who had backed tbe success- ful competitor were forced either to accept their own money in return or nothing, and in some instances even dividends amounting to less than the money invested were offered. The attempt to suppress this evil was most feeble, but to the credit of Dr. Main it must be said that he did all in his power to prevent those betting who "balanced," as did also the secretary. A repetition of yesterday's proceedings would effectually damn the success of the Kyneton Race Club. We cannot exonerate the com- mittee of all blame in the matter. It lies within their power to insist upon a sub- stantial sum being lodged in their hands by all unregistered bookmakers before they should be permitted to bet." The sooner the committee acts upon this sensible sug- gestion the better. Australians may plume themselves with the idea that their country and its affairs are now known all over the world. Cer- tainly, we don't get letters addressed "Mr. — , Little Bourke-street, Melbourne, near Fiji, via Brisbane, Australia," and it would seem that the prevailing British ignorance of our geography is gradually disappearing. On the other hand, the conditions of life in Australia, and especially in the bush, while they seem to have a wonderful attraction for English people, are mostly mysteries to them. Anybody who imagines that such matters as forming cattle stations in the in- terior are familiar to leading London journals need only look up a recent issue of the illustrated Graphic. In that periodical will be found pictures of what is called "cattle ranching" in Queensland. The stock- men are all gaily attired in mocassins and a kind of mixed Texas cowboy and Australian garb. Their saddles are of the Mexican family, and long lariats play a much more important part in rounding up and cutting out bullocks on the plain than the stock-whip. The illustrations are sent from Melbourne, and it is evident that the Graphic is the victim of a picturesque joke, if the kind friend who sent them on has not also been played with. Mr. A. Gollier has some very beautiful carrier pigeons, many of which are bred from the best stock extant. His "home" in tbe loft is well worth climbing up the steep outside steps, if only to see the birds in all ages and stages of existence, from the fledgeling with his marvellous digesting re- ceptacle filled with herd peas to the big blue-bronzed strong-winged carrier. Also it is entertaining to stand by and listen to the wonderful tales that are related by the occasional expert in homing pigeons. The other day Mr. Collier showed us several birds that had done long journeys on the wing, one beauty having come to Hamilton from Ballan. "Most astonishing how de- termined these birds are to get there when you start them on a journey," remarked a visitor. "The other day in Sydney a friend of mine said he would back a bird of his to do 100 miles in so many hours. Well, there was one of those smart people present who always wants to take everybody else down. He at once said be would take the wager, and then commencing to bluster, swore that he was prepared to bet that the pigeon would never do the journey, not in a month. The bet was taken to an even £50. Of course the clever man got at the people, the bird too, and had all its feathers pulled out so that they fell out after it started and left the bird quite bare. Naturally there was no appearance of the pigeon at home, and a few days afterwards the spieler suggested that he should draw the stakes. But the other said he would wait the month. And what do you think? A week later that pigeon turned up terribly emaciated and cut up with exposure to the weather. When it found that it could not fly it just set to and walked all the way." 