THE WEST COAST SOUNDS OF NEW ZEALAND. THE ship's steam launch conveys the party to the southern shore, and then we commence our tramp along a lovely and. almost level path, through the broad valley which the river Arthur flows, till we reach the northern end of the elongated Lake Ada. Two boats here ferry the party over that lake-so soli tary and gloomy east and west as it projects from precipitous rugged cli&s-to; the southern end, and also a short distance up Arthur's Creek. From this point we pro ceed on foot in a southerly direction, further still in the valley of this same stream, by a somewhat rough path,, which seems blocked -and stopped up in many places by stems and brandies >of fallen trees, as well as by thick and dangerous roots of trees here and there. The swag begins to make its weight felt, but we forget everything as we gaze at the sylvan magnificence surrounding us. Particularly luxu riant do the ferns grow around us, and among them the Prince of Wales feather, so full of charm, enchants the eye with its rich green, i and the soft fullness of its tender leaves. Sutherland falls, which we* reach late in the afternoon, by i report has no equal on this earth with regard to height, for the! rivulet falls no less than IdOOfeet down a smooth, steepy-sloping, rocky wall, on to ledges which are so slightly marked that, seen from a little distance, the cataract ap pears an unbroken whole. And again, we cannot sufficiently survey other waterfalls from one point, so j that we are compelled to search out I the individual parts carefully, in ; order to unite them again so as to j form a whole. It is quits other- j wise with the Sutherland Falls. As a whole, in its full height, can it only be surveyed from a distance, j but we may also approach to within a few steps and, do so by conven ient paths through the valley with out the least trouble or danger. Indeed, if a person wishes for a good solid freshening shower bath he may be allowed to plunge into the crystal blue basin, into which the gigantic cataract falls with a roar, so as to allow a column of water, almost 2000ft. high, to thun der down on his head. This should, however, be recommended to no one unless his nerves are as solid as iron or as ships' cables, and unless he has a neck like that of Atlas, who supported the earth on his -Kfaoulders. ."-Tn.J.hft .grf^iLKmmbsiLflL, waterfalls of such an immense height, the -admirer of nature usually finds himself unable to ap proach the fall near enough, and in such a way as to honour its details sufficiently. Everything around this valley, on the southern slopes of which the water composing the Sutherland Falls pours down, helps to enchant the eye of the spectator. What a change is there here-from rugged rock to luxuriant forest and fra grant flowering mead-and this last retains its wonderful freshness all the year round, for the west coast districts are favoured with a copious x*ain fall. Among the peaks Mount Ballon, rising up in the east as an isolated solitary peak, a collossus in size, attracts the eye. Between Mount Ballon and the Curtle Mountains, the former on the north and the latter south, a somewhat difficult path leads over the M'Kiniion Pass at a height of about 3000ft. in a south-eastern direction, into the Clinton Valley, and so on to the northern extremity of Lake Te Anau. "Up to the present tiine.this^ is the only practicable road which passes direct across from the Sounds, the fjords of the west-coast, tojthe Cold Lakes, the eastern Alphine waters. Any one who succeeds in crossing . by this. pass from' the Sounds to Lake Te Anau Jsaves three or four days at the very least, for it would be necessary to make the trip back by the steame^ from Mil ford Sound to the Blufi (217 miles), then go by rail frojin the Bldff to Lumsden mile#), and by coach from Lumsden bp Lake Te Anau. It was unfortunately not oar lot to be able to tramp over the M'Kinnon Pass, for in twe after noon heavy rain set in, and!during the evening and night that followed the rain poured so heavily that even Mr. Boss, the guide vpiO had come from Lake Te Anau tl guide the passengers from the bounds' steamers across, though so ^trong and inured to such hardship?, pre ferred staying another day at Sutherland Falls,, so as to allow the volume of water to run off\first before he undertook hi6 return journey over the mountain pass all alone. \ In the small and very modfest beech hut, which is only a short distance from the falls, our party, consisting of one ladgr, nine tourists? two sailors, and the guide, tried to i make matters for the night as com fortable as the cramped up circum stances would allow. Outside the rain was* falling in torrents, and many a drop trickled through the ! roof, which, was full of cracks. A cup of warm fragrant tea, a good supper, singing and cheerful con versation, makes a half bivouac op that kind agreeable enough, if har mony antl good will chance to me present, and a refreshing sleep is enjoyed oh the hard dry fern'leaf bed spread for us. / The morning broke dulf and cloudy, as the evening had feft us. Still it was constantly pouring. What does it matter to us? We were obliged to go back j to the ship, for we were expected / in Mil ford Sound. The wide basin of the valley is changed into; a lake ; of our track there is notthje slight est trace. Wading in water up to the hips, yes up to the loins, we toiled on our road under the guid ance of the brave Ross, jtill we reached the right hank of Armur's Greek by the path that is sornesvliat raised. From each of the. vfalley I walls, every couple of hundred steps roar wild brooks int<| the valley, and they yield veryflittle to the Sutherland Falls in Height and grandeur. I Here too the path often epjpugh proved flooded and we were <|bl^ed tq force our way through' v^ild muddy streams until we rfachftd the southern extremity of | Lakk. Ada. Down the lake the ligl|t boat1 carried us; over the longf lake, gloomy, greenish, white stwps of clouds hung, and out of thesp here and there a peak just like a" ghost loomed up. At last a shor| easy tramp brought us to the shares of Milford Sound, where the fsteam launch was waiting for u|. On board the Tarawera the passengers who did not go with us foimed a toll gate through which thl wan derers one after another had to pass, and we became acquainted with this not only by being gazed at, but also by experiencing a hearty hand shaking. If) was marked, too, by the reduction in our dress, and our dripping wet clothing. A man that has jdone no wrong has no need to fear Che joke. Yes, the hero of these flyitK* papers is right when he says,'The only true friend and the one whp remains so is the friend in need,| As the unseasonable weather kept us from taking the direct track prom Mil ford Sound to the Northern ex tremity of Lake Te Anan, nothing was left to us but to rejturn to the Bluff by the Tarawerf, and from there te go to the Southern Alphine lakes which are comjfnonly called the- cold lakes to distinguish them from the hot lakes, ir£ the region of the geysers and hot Jsprings of the North Island. | 