TRADUCED. Chapter XII — " Vengennca will overtako You!" . Chapter XIH— On tho Brink. Ohnptor XIV— Tho Hunt Ball. . Chapter XV — Diamond cut Diamond. Chapter XVI— Tho Warning Bell. Chapter XVII — " I'm Boy." Chapter XVIII— Tho New Tutor. , Chapter XIX— A l'loasurablo Discovory. ' Chaptor XX-- Mysterious— An Old Foutl." Chaptor XXI— Tlio Muster of Carolsido. Chaptor XXII— A vision from tho i'nst. Chapter XXIII— His Enemy's Daughtor. Chaptor XXIV— Doubts and Fears. Chaptor XXV— A Woman's Honrt. Chaptor XXVI— Salomo's Sccrot. Chnntor XXVII— Mniy Iredell. Chaptor XXVIII— Fickle and Falso. Chaptor XXIX— An Accident and What Came of It. Chapter XXX— On tho Track. Chaptor XXXI— A Torriblo Rovolntion. Chaptor XXXII— Tha Mystery Explained. Chanter XXXIII— Olive's Escapade. Chapter XXXIV— A Brutal Dooil. Chnpter XXXV— A Madman's Frenzy. Chnptor XXXVI— Sacrifiod for Love. Chaptor XXXVII — Bcssio 1, 00 — Furifiod by Dove. CHAPTER XII. Ivy hastily raised horself into a sitting pos- turo as Lord Raunsloigh ontorcd, and sat with her two bands resting on tho couch, lior little red slippora half-buried in tliorug — her wliito drnpories falling round bar. Ilis lordship saw a young girl who somo mon might havo thought was too slander to ho beautiful, but whoso exquisite whitoness of complexion, porfcctly- niodollcil arms, ai.d llowor-like poso of head nono could question. Sho had scaicoly a trnco of colour loft in her cheeks ; tho crown of hair coilod high on hor head gleamed like n nim bus ns tho lamplight eliono upon it. His lordship thought hor eyes tho largest ho had over seen and tho most hoautiful. Thoy wbro of that dark bluo which is usually called violot, and thero was an appouling expression 111 thom which ncvor failed to impress strangers, for thoy woro oyes that . seemed to tell of a beautiful soul within. ' Ivy Cumnor wns unliko othor girls ; hor stylo wns peculiarly linr own. With hor i inarvollous oj-es and hor puro skin, sho al ways mndo a far greater impression than would a healthy English girl with magni ficent features, a bad figure, a provincial- made gown. Ab Lord Ilnunsloigli's oyqs vosted on tho motionless flguro of Ivj", ho moved townrds hor ns though soino unsoon power woro in- fluoncing him. Ho scavcoly . hoard Mr. Cumnor's words of introduction, ' My only ' nnd ftinn Tin falf. nnp linff. whltA \- fingers within his own for a moment, mot thoigazo of hor groat dark oyos, and hoard a voice swoot enough to bo that of an angel sajdng tnhim — ' nowdoyoudo P Ihopoyou will ex- ensa my rising. Porhnps papa told you I I havo been ill ? May I introduce you to . iny cousin, Mrs. Grahtloy Cumnor, and hor husband, Major Cumnor?' Lord Raunsloigh bowed, and acknow ledged thoso introductions vaguoly and blindly. Ho just perceived that Mrs. Grantloy Cumnor indicated a low 8oat near horself, hut ho ignored this courtesy, and ramainwl ntnndinn. bv Iw's sofa, detorm- inod not to movo unless forcod to do so. IIo rushod blindly into conversation. Mr. Cumnor did toll mo you had been ill. I think lio said you lmd boon thrown in tho liunting-fiold. Is that so ?' ' Yes,' sho nnswored ; and a vory dolicato wavo of colour tintod hor clear skin. .< Rookloss leaping, intorposodhor fathor. ' Sho put hor horso to a great obasm which "''it was madnoss to attempt. Sho was nearly killed, and wo had hor in a wretched farm house, too ill to bo moved for wooks. Sho ought to bo a more practised horsowoman to rido so reoklossly.' i"a 1 1 told 3'ou, papa, I could not control my horso,'- said Ivy, smiling. 'Oh, pooh,! Don't talk nonsense to mo !' ho answorod irritably. . Lord Raunsloigli's eyec were fixed upon \- . tho girl's faco, its atrango ohavm. for him ' increased ovory momont. ' I wish I had been there to holp you,' ho said. He' wis quite nworothat tho remark was an oausual one — that at the first mo ment of acquaintance it was on odd thing thing to say ; bat he could not help it. ' There appears to havo boon a mysterious stranger in tho case,' obsoivod cousin Agnos with hor pleasant smilo—1 a young man, who dismounted, and who, tho doctor says, saved my oousiu's life by giving hor brandy when in the last stago of oxhaustion. Ho must have boon with hor nonrly nn hour when thoy woro found. Mr. Cumnor askod Mr. Phelps to ask his namo, which ho did, but most unfortunatoly, in the hurry and agitation of the momont ho forgot all about it.' ' Just liko Fbolps !' observed Gorvaso Cumnor. ' Yos,' said Ivy, 'and another unfortunnto thing wna that it was of 110 uso to mnko in quiries, for Mr. Pkolps recollcctod distinct ly that be said bo was 1 oaring tho neigh bourhood igpmodiatoly.' 'And afterwords it did not seem advisa ble to mn£o e fuss,' romarkod Mr. Cumnor. ' After nil, whnt could ono say to the man P Couldn't offer hiiu a £5-noto.' 'I lpiito envy this romantic unknown,' said Lord Raunsloigh, 'I hope his appear- nnco equalled his doods of prowess P' ' 'I cannot mnko up my mind whothor I should know him again,' returned Ivy. 'Dinner is sorvod,' announced the butler at the door. ' Lord Raunsloigh, will you take Mis. Cumnor F' said tho master of the house, as I10 lifted Ivy from hor sofa, ' You must oxcuso mo,' ha eaid laughing, 'wo do not allow hor to walk yet.' Tho large dining room looked delight fully bright hud wolcoming to Ivy on this tho first occasion of hor entering it since hor mare's fatal leap. At Carolsido sho had first soon tho light nearly twont'-oiio years boforo her young molhor dying at tho same instant. AtCarol- sido sho had grown up undor tho loving enro of Agnos Verity, now Mis. Grnntly Cum nor. At Curolsida oho had wolcomcd her young stop-mothor, tho wild beautiful Ita lian Countess whom hor fathor had mot on hor travols— hod seen hor droop and pino, for tho marriago had no'- been happy one. Oorvaso Cumnor's temper was emphatically bid, his now wifo's was most rinlont. Aftor a year or two ho almost hatod hor. Ho madejher lifo ono long long torment, for hor Southorn passion and vchomonco woro no match for his rindictivo cruolty and ma lice. . . . onowouiu not 00 tamoa — wouiu not, su li mit to hie yoko. Sho rnvad, trotted, re belled, and grow woakor and weaker ; sbo shut horsolf up, and ceased to earn for tho sunahino or for society or gnioty. Ho know sho loved London and refused to allow hor to go thithor. Tlio charm of of Carolsido, so potent to hor English step daughter, was nothing to her. Sho hatod tho place, and in tho third winter of hor rosidonco thoro, sho caught a chill and died with groat stiddontio99. In her usual hoalth on Tuesday, sho lay dead on Sunday ovoning ; and hor last words to hor husband woro so awful that thoy woro still whis- porod among tho sorvants ou dark winter nights whon tho storm-winds woro shriek ing round Carolsido. It had boon Gorvaso's custom to livo in London most of his timo, for it was impoB- aiuiu jut mum w uvv m puuuu uuum snmo roof. Ho was thoreforo in London whon tho nows was tolographod to him that his wifo was vory ill. Ho sot out at once for Carolsido ; and thnt journey he nevor forgot. A torriblo snowstorm hod blocked up tho railway lino between London and tho wostom countios, and tho cold was in tense. It took Mr. Cumnor thirty-six hours to reach his home, and then it was Sunday evening. Thoy told him that his wife was dying fast ; and with a haggard face, he wont up to hor room. Sho was wasted almost to a shadow, hut in horgroat blaok oyes thoro shono tho light of an undying hatred. Husband and wife woro loft alono together for about a quarter of nn hour, and then Gorvaso's startled call drew the dootor and nurso to the bed side. Tho Contoesa was sitting porfoctly upright, hor two arms raisod up ovor her head, hor hands douched ; her eyos woro wild and hor foco livid. ' I am djnng, I am dying 1' sho cried, in a harsh and hrokon tone. ' Thero is no timo to say any words that would dostroy you ; but never fear, vengeance will over take you, Gervaso Cumnor P May your lifo ho miserable and your doath a violent ono ! May you novcr know peace or rest or happiness in this world or — or in tho noxt.' Sho fell back on hor pillow, hor arms still extended. A fow gasps and all was ovor. Tho young Contessa was doad, and tho dootor hnd to use tho utmost strength to bond tho rigid muscles of tho denoun cing arms. Her husband left tho room abruptly ; nor did ho ovor look upon his. wife's faco again. Tho room in which sho diod was , novor used. Talcs of her ghost walking about was rifo among tho sorvants, who noticod that, whoreos their master had al ways boon accustomed to uso a staircase whioh. was just outside tho door of this room, after her tragio death ho always wont up nnd down another way, and was never known to pass that door oxcopt in broad daylight. All those awe-inspiring details had been carefully kept from Ivy, who had lived a dull lifo during the Contossa's sojourn at Carolside. Sho had not dislikod hor stop- mothor ; hut thoy never understood oaoh othor. Tho little English girl of twelve, imaginative, timid, soif-restroinod, was an object of no interest to tho stormy passion ate young Italian beauty whose only idouof pleasure was to ho admired and lovod. Tho littlo stop-hrothor was a far greater delight to his sister than to his mothor. Either, the decay of her love for her husband mode tho ConteBsa regard his ohild with aversion or tho maternal instinot was not very strong within hor. To Ivy Roy was everything— plaything, chargo, and object of the tonderest love. Sho had taght him to walk, and she was now attempting to toaoh him to road— a far less easy task after tho long course of spoiling with whioh sho had favoured him. After the death of Boy's mothor Agnos, now Agnos Cumnor, resumed her roign ovor tho housohold ; and tho constant pro- senco of Grantloy had done much for the tranquility of tho home-lifo. Gervaac Cumnor both feared and respected hit cousin tho -Major. His presouco novoi failod to chock the outbursts of rogo and abuso in whioh tho master of Carolside wai accustomed to indulge ; and Agnos wai the very best of companions for Ivy — lov ing her sincerely-, and by everv means ir her power rendering tho girl's life as happy as sho could. On this ovoning, as Agnos sat placidly at tho head of the table amusing Gorvaso with her conversation, sho was busy also studying tho appoaraiice and munnor of Lord Raunsloigh, who was too deeply ab sorbed in looking and talking to Ivy to take any note of anything or any one also. Dallithwayte, was a lino estate adjoining Carolside. It had boon for yours past in tho hands of a paralytic and misanthropi cal old lord who had persisted in outliving aU his near rolutivos. Whon at last ho diod, tho succession foil to a very distant cousin who had lived for somo yoare in the wilds of Amorica, and who novor imaginad that ho had tho loast chanco of inheriting tho property. It was woll-known in tho neighbourhood that it had boon nocossary to advertiso tor him, and that ho had to prova his idontity satisfactorily boforo tak ing up his title. This boing so, tho coun try folk around were rather approhoneivo as to what mnnnor of man tho now Lord Raunsloigh was likoly to bo. Agnes's fooling, whon ho entered Ivy's boudoir, had boon ono of unmitigated roliof. Ho was tan, sugar, nanasomo. riis ngat- brown hair was nicoly cut; his olothes wore evidently tho work of a Bond-stroot tailor. His manners woro not at all bad, his voice was pleasant, his nccont rofincd, with only tho vory slightest trace of tlio Amorican inflection. Ilis sui-rondor to tho charm of Ivy's influonco was so absurdly ovidont that Mrs. Grantloy found horsolf wonder-- ing whether such an alliance could he pos sible or desirablo. ' I wish I could soo his mouth,' she re flected — 'liis moustache hidoB it complete ly. His oyos aro too cIobo togothor ; I do not liko thoir expression. No ; cortainly, his oyos do not ploaso mo. But I suppose it would bo frivolous to Bot him down as decoitful moroly on that ground. That scar on his left cheek if a disfigurement- it looks like a had burn. I oxpoct he has form to question him about it, I'd liko to know f ' ' Ihopo,' said tho young lord modostly, aftor dinnor, when thoy had all assomhlad for coffeo in Ivy's bourdoir, ' that it is not a very groat broach of good manners to re mark upon it, but I do so sdmiro the ar rangement of your rooms horo. I wish I could make Dallithwayto look anything liko it. It is uncommon.' Gervaso Cumnor laughed and pointed to his daughter. ' You must ask hor for tho socret,' he said, ' ovorything in this house has been arranged by hor. I had not a voice in the matter.' Lord Raunsloigh turned admiringly to Ivy. What wonderful tasto you have I' he oxclaimod. 'It is a fad of mine,' she answered, blushing. I love good arrangements of colour. You must como and seo my drawing-rooms soon. They are my chief triumph.' ' Is not this tho drawing-room P' ho naked. ' No, this is my sanctum— my own par ticular room, tho room I liko host in tho house. It is a great favor, I assure you, sho wont on, with a shy pretty smile, ' that you aro hero to-night ; hut papa nevor told us until tha last minuto that ho had asked anyono to dinner.' ' We shall hopo novor to mnko a stranger of Lord Raunsloigh in future,' said Mr. Cumnor, ' we urn near neighbours, and I have just ascertained that in political ques tions wo aro ono.' ' That must ho a great comfort,' said Ivy smiling. ' And may I como to you for hints as to howtomako my gloomy cavo hnbitoblo?' ho askod. ' If I con ho of any use, I shall bo very pleased, she replied with a laugh. ' hut I only follow a' littlo crnzo of my own. Ihavo ne thonrios.' Somuoh the better. Your inherent good taste is your best guide,' he returned. f 'Now: how would you sot about it if you had it to do— if Drilithwayto were your own, for iustonoo F' ' Do you know,' rejoined the girl bright ly, 'though I have livod wpthin half-a- milo of Dallithwayte aU my life, I have novor boon inside it.' ' Have you not P Oh, do como I You nnd Mrs. Gumnor must como.and givo me a httlo of the counsol I so sorely need. May I not have the honour of saying that Dallithwayte was tho first place Miss Oumnor violated .when uhe was convales cent P' .. . _ . This was really d complimentary way of putting it, and Agnos smilod but doubt- fuUy answered — 1 1 am much afraid of tho night-air for Ivy yot.' Como to luncheon tho day after to-mor row,' ho ploudod oagarly. ' Do como, and lot mo havo tho dolight of sooing tho tablo laid for more than ono. I havo no friends in England, you know.' It woe impossible to resist such on appeal 1 nnd it was docided that thoy should oxplore 1 Dallithwayto in a wook's timo, if Ivy con- 1 turned to improve. Thoy could not visit ' him soonor, as Miss Ivy was not yot able 1 to walk. 1 ' A fiuo houso this,' said Lord Rauns- > loigh, whon at lasthoroso to toko his leavo. ' Ho was glancing at tho pauollod coiling and ' I suppose,' ho added, ' this hoiuo has bo- longed to tho Cumnors for many gener ations ?' ' Evor since tho last year of tho roign of King Honry Vii. " replied Ivy. ' Ho gave Cuthbort 'Cumnor enough Crown land to build a largo houso upon in recognition cf his sorricos to tho Government.' ' And tho Cumnora havo lived horo ovor sinco P' ' Thoy havo,' said Gorvaso abruptly, ' with ono unfortunate lapso which occurred live -and- twenty years ago, whon a pro- tondor secured tho ostatos by means of a falso will and livod horo for nearly ton yours.' ' Indood I' oxclaimod Lord Rausloigh, with groat interest, following his host from tho room with lagging foot, and his eyos stil on Ivy. \- ' What did papa say P I novor hoard that the houso bolongod to anybody but tho Cumnors ?' said Ivy wondoringly to Agues, whon tho scarlot portiere had again fallon. ' No, doorio ; it is not a pleasant story, and I do not think that it is at all nocos sary for you to hoar it,' 'replied Agnos gently. ' CHAPTER XHI. Olive Piebbefoint sat in tho drawing- room of the Nunnory, hor work resting on hor knoos, hor hands idly olaspod togothor. Tho firelight shono upon hor faco, and. lighted up horo and thoro a fold of tho Pompoian red volvot dross sho woro. It was dusk, but a wan reflection from tho crisp new-fallon snow outsido mado tho daylight seem to last a littlo longor this ovoning. Howevor, it was too dark to work — and Olivo was not working. Sho was thinking, hor mind being filled with tho sad thoughts to which " blind- man's holiday' somotimes givos riso, when tho door oponod, and Cuthbort Iredell walked slowly in, thou, sooing hor thero, prepared to boat a retreat. 'Oh, dont go! Why do you always avoid me as if I had tho plaguo ?' said Miss Piorropoint petulantly. ' I shall not dis turb you; for pity's sako, do sit down and take your easel' ' You are vory kind,' ho nnswored coldly, and sat down with a reluctant air. Ha glancod indifforontly uttho woman oppo site him, and thou loaned hook iu his ohair, took out a blaok hook with brass clasps and corners, and began in silence to study tho ctosoly written pagos it contained. She watohod him for a fow moments with a dangerous gleam in her oyos. How dared he sit thoro staring at a stupid old note book when sho, Olivo Piorropoint, was presont P And he might havo talked to her had he dared to do so. Sho had novor before camo across such a man— one who could live in. tho snmo houso with .hor and scarcely attempt flirtation. Sho could arrivo at only ono conclusion. His hoart must be already disposed of; ho must bo in lovo with some ono elso. Sho watohod him with angry impatience as ho took a pencil from his pooket and carefully mado a briof ontry in tho littlo hook; thon, as ho Ioanod hook with a soarooly audiblo sigh, sho oxclaimod petu lantly — How I do dieliko that hook 1' Ho started; ovidontly he had almost forgotten sho was in tho room. 'How? "What did you say P I bog your pardon,' ho said incohorontly. ' What has como ovor you lately P' she askod. ' What has como ovor mo P'— holplossly. ' Oh, for pity's sako, don't go on repeat ing what I say I It is so oxnsporating. You know you havo changod. I could ovon assign a date for tho ohange that has como ovor you. Evor sinco you redo Wild fire on tho day of .Miss Cumuor's accidont, ovor sinco yon loapt Doadman's Gully, you havo boon a different creature — nobody has boon ablo to extract a word from you. What is tlio matter ?' Cuthbort lookod attentively at hor ; for tho first time for many days ho fixed, his his oyes and his thoughts fully upon hor. .' I am even a poorer creature than I imagined,' he repUod. If I have allowod my private troublos to ho so plainly visiblo in my foco and manner. I am in troublo but I hopod I did not show it.' Sho blaspod her hands around hor knoos and loaned forward, her largo oyes full of sympathy. I liko that— it is so manly of you to ray straight out, ' I am in troublo,' ' sho said ; ' hut I want to holp you. Is it not a troublo you could toll me P' Ho lookod at her- without any signs of the: grateful adoration sho had oxpooted — indood thero was an expression of mistrust upon his face. 'I could not burden you with my troublos, he answered, with the air of a man who doos not intend to answor questions. Ho was hatefully unimprossionablo ; Olivo could hnvohoxod his oars with ploa- suro. Sho Vas moro than ovor determined to conquor him. ' Thoy aro all confided in tho httle blaok hook with brass olosps,' 'sho said, laughing; but, boliovo mo, it is not a voiy snfo con fidant. A man told mo that to confido iu a woman was exactly tho samo.as writing your socroto in a book and loaviagit about for any ono to road who choso. Ho used to say that neither tho woman nor tho hook will speak— as a rule— unless you oxa- mino thorn, whon tho socret is at onco road with tho utmost oaso. Irivo vou fair warn- ing, if you leave that hook about, I shall road it!' ' ' I givo you full pormissioL to do so — now, Hub momont, if you liko,' ho answorod, with a smilo that maddened hor, and hold ing out tha oponbook. Sho glancod eagorlynt tho olosoly writ- ton pages, and thon pushed it away with a display of petulanco, half real, half feigned. 'Latin! What a shamol' sho ox claimod. Ho carefully olosod tho clasps and slipped tho hook into his pookot. ' It is anything but a ported safeguard,' said ; ' but, for tho ordinary prying indivi dual, it would answar wall. I hopo I havo not offondod you, Miss Piorropoint— that wouldbo a cruol return for aU your ki'nd- noss ; but it is bottor that my refusal should offond you than that I should oppress you by tho knowledge of what I have to boar.' Ho loanad his forohoad on his hand with a sad smilo, ' You must not oncourago mo ; I fool in the mood for weak complaining,' ho added. 1 Woak ? It is almost nico to hear you own to wonknoss— you nro always so op- prossivoly strong and self-contained.' ' It is nurd, no crieu suuuoniy — tnis world is hard, unjust, unoqual ! I can't bo happy or content when I am burning with a Bonso of wrong 1 What have I done that horo, at this junoturo of my lite, after yours of toil, I should bo lott stranded without tho slightest prospoot, whon I would givo nlmost lite itsolf for money enough to ho indopondautP Ah, Miss Piorropoint, poverty is hard torn woman, hut it is maddong for a man of my ago !' ' It must bo,' sho murmured pityingly. ' Tho world is full of injustice ; but indued thoro aro somo who can appreciate.' IIo sprang to his foot abruptly. ' What a pitiful wrotoh I am,' ho ox claimod, ' to bo bomoaning to you liko this! It Bhows to whnt a degradation I have sunk. But I will havo no moro of it. Ploaso to try and forgot that I succumbod, even for a woman who could sympathise with mo.' Olivo roso too, and laid a hand upon his arm. 'Listen,' sho said; do not go. You think that I havo haen trying to forco your confidence ? Woll, I havo ; but I will novor try again. Wo womon don't always gaugo tho dopths of a man's fcolings. I will novor rofor to tho subject again ; but, if only I had influonco, if I had but friends in England who could holp you — ' ' I should nevor have corns to England had I know how portootly woll oil my mother was without me,' he interposed bitterly. 'If nothing turns up by the fourth of noxt month, I shall emigrate again. Aoross tho sea, at least, no one knows— no ono can point tha finger of scorn at mo.' ' Oh, indood you ore exaggerating,' said Olivo gently; 'no one about horo scorns you 1 On the contrary, it is bolioved that you atnassod a fabulous fortune in Amori ca.1 ' I did not moan that oxactly — in fact, I cannot tell you what I moan,' ho returned sadly. ' I only kuow that I havo stayed horo too long;' and ho looked nt hor oar- nostly. 1 1 promised my mothor that I would stay a month ; I havo stayed nearly throo. At tho end ol tho throo I Bhall go ; it is madnoss to stay— shoor madnoss !' Olive's hands foil lightly olaspod before hor, hor oyes woro fixed upon tho fire. Sho was shakon with an emotion that sho had never folt before. It was telly —impossiblo —a moment's weakness — it could not really he that sho was in love with this ponniloss man. In lovo or not. it uniBt bo put a stop to, for sho meant to marry Sir Charles Maulvoror ; hut for ono wild momont h r hoart wns stirred with real fooling. Sh i folt unablo to movo as ho clonchod his hands aud sot his tooth. Thon, as sho saw him unclasp bis hands and hold them out towards hor, sho raised hor oyos to his, ninl tho look sho saw thoro torriiiod hor into spoech. 'I will play something to you,' sho criort suddenly, and hurried away from liim to whore tho piano stood in darkaoss. Sho trembled ,as sho opened tho. instrmnont. Why this dreadful, this paralysing omotion? 'Light tho candles for me, ploaso,' Bhe soul, in a tone she did not recognise as her own. Ho walked across tho room to tho piano. Sho hoard him scrapo a match throo or four times without boing ablo to light it; sho heard him broatho quickly, and mutter somo hasty words. Thon at Inst ho was successful, and lighted tho candles. She looked at him nervously ; ho was deathly pale. Thon ho glancod at her, and thoir oyos mot. 'I said nothing I' ho exalaimad dofiantly. ' No — oh, no V sho answered hurriedly, and played some fragmont of musio, scar cely knowing what sho was doing. Ho strode ovor to tho montolpioco and leanod his arm upon it. She know that his oyqs was fixed upon her. Ho was in tho shadow ; tho only light was that of tho two candlos at the piano. Sho wondered what was tho strange secret powor this man had ovor hor. What was it that mode her shivor and her heart heat wildly under his gnzoP She would resist it — she would piny on. Tho strange forco howovor was too much for hor. Hor usually olovor fingers faltered over tho koys ; Bho played a false noto, thdn another — paused — recommenced — and suddenly broke down hnnalAiinlv. Rnrineinff to her foot sho made for tho door. Iredell reached it at tho same momont. 'Miss Piorropoint,' ho raid gontly, boliovo mo, I novor for a momont misinter preted your gonorous sympathy ; hut I feel I have vexed you somehow. 'No, no! You havo not voxod mo. I was not fooling very well this evening— that is all.' 'And wo aro frionds— I havo not dis- ploMod you ?' ' No, no— of course not— I Lot mo go, ploaso !' sho oxolnimed dosporately. Ho openod tho door, and, as sho passed ont of the room, ho took hor hand and raisod it to his lips. Outside in tho passago sho kissed that hand again and again. 1 'Oh, why is tho world so hnrdP' sho reflected. ' Why is thnt mnn not in 8 ir Gharlos Maulvoror's position P Was there evor a more exquisite pieco of lovo-makingP It is the sort of thing one dreams of ! Ho would havo his tonguo cut out sooner than tell mo ho lovod mo ; ho has tho heart of a king ! And yot I moan to marry this man who would put his arm round my wnist if I would allow it and whose idon of mnking himsolf ngroeahlo is to kiss a girl whon no ono is looking 1 Ah mo, its a woary world.' Cuthbort strolled hook to tho firo and sat down in nn easy ohair. ' Ts she only tho most honrtloss flirt thnt ovor hronthod, or doos sho earn for me ?' ho mnsod. ' In tho first coso I must heat a rotroat for my own sako ; in tho socond for hors. A nico prospoot to offer a woman — empty pockets and a disgraced namo. And what havo I. Cuthbort Irodoll, done that at my ago I should ho in such a position that I tlnro not look a woman in tho faco as hor equal ? Yo gods, it is hnrd 1 Sho will mnrry that Maulovoror, who will hold her. liko tho man in Looksloy Hall, "Somothing hotter than his dog, a little dearer than his horso !" And I shall havo to look on — thanks to my mothor and to Gorvaso Oum nor 1' (to be continued). 