FORTUNES IN-.THE CRUCIBLE. ip < J |- "IH talk to you nil- tho .Bfteinocn. ll- you'll just wait whilo I granulate soma silver," a refiner said the othor afternoon to our reporter who oalled upon him in tiw . dingy littlo bosoment and asked him to re veal some of the interesting features of his trade. It will only take a low minutes., arid! if you caro to soo tho operation, cornel along." ( Tho refiner led tho way to the book-part of the basement where one of threo briok fur naces was Bonding a pleasant glow through! tho red-hot lid which closed an opening in! its roof. This lid the rofiner shoved noido, and, peering throngh the opening, tho re porter saw a oruoiblo eurroundod by ooala burning at n yellow heat and filled with a trembling liquid, in whioh wero some metal artioles whoso shape had not yet beon en tirely lost. One was, very olearly, a small box. Another lookod like the. ghost of a baby's birthday spoon ; a third faded away bofore tho mind oould well determine what it resomblod most, and thon Buddonly tho ghost of tho opoon and tho box vanished, and all the oruoiblo contained was a quart or so of Rn&rlllinc.; rin.nntnrr thin Bourn afc its edaa. 'Jt?ho refinor tossed two littlo bito of boras into the oraoible and1 then tbo Boom disappeared. Ho replaced the lid of the furnace and selcoted ono of eovsral pairs of tho qnearly.sbapod tonoa ranged ngainBt tho wall behind him. With this ho in a moment lifted the oruoiblo from the firo and poured its contents slowly into a large tin vessel filled with water. Five minutes lator his assistant, to whom he loft tho remainder of tho work, brought to the front part of tho basement a fryiDg pan1 full of what, though muoh brighter, lookodi like those irregular shaped lumps of load' whioh superstitious young people smelt on! AU-Qallow'een in the bppo of otriktog tho . coming true love initial, " This," said the refinor, as ho lifted up 9 handful of it and hold it to the light from ' tho street, "Is tho silver, such as I 'sell to the jewellers. There are about ISO ounces oJ it there." i ' And before it went into the pot, whatl was it?" " Quito a variety of artioles went to pro-| dues that lot. Let me Bee; tbefo. were two snuff-boxes, five watoh- oases, a baby's spoon, three SDeotaolo oases, two ImKd mnna Rntnal mutilated ooin, four medalB, some family! plate, supposed to bo sterling silver, bnt in! reality only plated ware ; four obains, a! couple of_ finger rings and sundry other! things whioh I cannot call -to mind. Lookj in any well-stoobed pawn-broker's window and you will get a correct idea of what inl the Bhape of old gold and silver comes to usl to bo smoltod down into merchantable! metal. ,, | During the talk which the reportnr bad! with the refiner he learned tfiat the business: - of oonvorting old-fashioned, worn-out anri| broken articles of jewellery :arid "other mann- faotured forms of the preoious metals into) bullion ib a very important industry, hardly! a large oily being without ite refinery, AU| the year round the supply of gold and silver- ware and jewellery koeps ooming into these places from all parts of the country, Evory city of any importance sends along consign ment after consignment of tb6; stuff, and stiU if seems to be inexhaustible, ?rad tbero are large and wealthy' firms whicfi' do no ro- fining, but confiho ' themselves solely to the work of aeoumnlating stock, ' " These at known to the trade as dealers, Tho rapidity in whioh the fashion in modern jewellery ohanges is tho prinaipal cause of thiB lively trade. Tho heirloom fanoy has no application to jewellery nowa-i days. A grandfather's clock may, now that! that dreadful song is no longer heard, inspire a dutiful grandson with ieoling'of veneration or even affeotion, but a grandmother's watoh or still worse, her earrings or long neok- ohain, would not fail fo be 'greotod with o disdainful toss of the head ' if offered to -a granddaughter advanced in her 'teens.- " In ten years at most an artiolo of jewellery will have gono out of fashion, and; however re gretfully, it goes sooner or later to the re finer's pot. The jewellers, who, next to jtbe pawn. , brokors, aro the mast native' caterers tor the refiner and dealer, promote tlio retiring ol old jewellery whenever an opppj-llinity offers, A customer, brings in an old wato'to be re paired. In csin minutea the jdwollor'bas por- Btiaded him to part with iff or what it b m#tal case will bring as part, payment of a' now watoh._ The sale made, tho jeweller puts the workB into a cheap modern, oase and adds the old obbq to the oollootion.pl' gold and l, aiivtirwartj . whiau bu is. making ior cue . refiner. This ia a profitable transaction for the jeweller, who generally bella.'fh'e combi nation of old works and pew, oaBp at afipe . ..profit, . Olher things wkipn gqjq.the jewel- ler'o sorap-box aro broken jdw'esry, odd ports of sets, worn down finger ringB, melols won on the battltfioldB by soldiers or on the oinderpath by amateur athlotes, marred pieoes of gold and silverware of oil descrip tions, ' ' A large msjority of the unredeemed pledges left in the pawnbroker's hands aro ruthlessly turned ovor to the refinor, Tho bulk of the jewellery taken to bim is old-fashioned. Ibis taken to him for that reason, and' tlio louns made aro always baaed eimply on tho value of the article as old gold or silver. :.They will be oven mora old-fas hioned by the time the pawnbroker is freo to do what hs plsasea with. them. Both he and tho jewallor keep a keen oyo opon to tho ohance of beooming the possessors of an " antique'1 piece of ware, but this outs no figure in the dealer's or refiner's calonla- tione. All that Domes to his not ir simply so much, oat of date, unservice able metal. And there ia another con sideration whioh keeps his auriosity re garding his ' purohase at a low ebb. Ho oonduots his buainess purely upon a "no- qnostions asked" basis. He doos not go prying hore and there Tor an initial that might reveal a olao to a.reoe'nt well-adver tised burglary. He has the highoBt authority for his polioy of discretion. The government does business on the same plan. Itreoeivos by express from anybody who ohooBes to v sond it gold and silver stodk'at ahy of its mints and assay offioos, and it. returns full value for it to tho name and address givon by its oustomer. It nevor attempts to go be hind the returns. This is thoroughly well understood by thieves, who, having taken tho prooaution to batter their gold and' silver spoils into shapeloss masssB of metal, invari ably treat the mint in preference to private establishments. . . - In a oartain New England town a man v. shot himself. A coroner bearing of tbo fact, : . and still in ignorance whether death hod oo- ourred, summoned a jury and hastened to r tho place, only to -find tho man alivo. Select- < ing the' nearest aaloon as a waiting plaao, the ooronor and his jury remained'thore un-'1 1 ; > v til the man was dead, employing' boy in / '> :' tho neighborhood to keep them informed aa " " to the man's' condition until he had oeasod to breathe, whon tboy proceeded with tho in- - quost. In another place, tha body of a . drowned man wbb towed aoross a mill-pond ' . ' from one town to another, to save the first town, in whioh tho body was found, tho cx- penoe of inquest fees, i . ; Andrew Ducrow (nf Antley's famous " horse opera " in London) was noted for a v profound oontompt for tho Utorary part of the' drama.' " Cut tho dialeot (dialogue) and ; eoine>to ithe''oBBOo," wob hia "favorite diroo- " tibri.' During tho rehearsal of atf equestrian pibea one morning, r.fter listening with growing impatience to a long dialogue ba- tweou two leading nutors, ho at last broko in' with Hold hard, gentlemen ; hero's a deal ' .'-.v..'; of oaokle without any good in it. I'll chow ' 1 you how to out it. You oav Yield thee tve Englishman.' Tlion you. (indicating tho - other) answer, 'Nevor.' Thon you say, 'Obstinate Englishman, you" die.' Then v v. ' you both fights. Those, that eottlos tha ' . mattor; the audienoo will understand you <t great deal bettor, and the poor 'osggp won't" ' V1 LQbtak cold while you're jawiuit/.' J.:. 