SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BSADDOTs". lather of " Lady Audlev's Seoret," " The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Doctor's Wife," "Thou art the Man," &o.; SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CIUPTEBS^. AKDII.—Allan Carew, a wealthy foung man, who has jait inherited another little fortune, is riding to the meet of tne South Sarum hounds. He is mistaken for another young man, GeoOrey Woroock, whom he much resembles. He hears from a waiter that his "double" is in the army in India, and Mrs. Wornock. his mother, was •apposed to be not quite right in her mind. Allan's mother dbt«s on berson, and is anxious that he ahall make a good mitch. CHAPTER III.—Allan Carew, bavin* settled him self on his estate, learns all there is to learn about Mrs. Wornock, his double's mother, a lady with a spirituelle tendency, who is almost a recluse in her own house. He goes to Filbury Church to catch a glimpse of her, and she, struck with kiv likeness to her son, invites him by letter to visit bar. CHAPTER IV.—Allan pay bis expected visit to Mrs. Wornock and is struck by the extraordinary likeness existing between a picture of young Wornock aud him-elf. Speaking of his past life, in which the appears interested, he tells her that hit father's name before he succeeded bo the Carew eeUtes was Beresford. At this naws she is seized with a deadly faint, but puts it off as owina to tUe beat of the day. He takes his mother to see her, when she appears very constrained: Allan comes to the conclusion tiiat there has been some former Intrigue between bis father and Mrs. Wornock in the early dajs of her married life. CHAPTBKS V. and VX—Allan, at a friend's house, that of Mrs. Morngngton, is introdnced to Miss Suzette Vincent, daughter of General Vincent. We is struck with her beauty and grace, and is also gratified with the fact that ehe ia a stranger in the neighbourhood, and does not know his double, Mr. Wornock. CHAPTER VII. "O THE BABE SFEINGTDIE." Allan called at the Grove two days after the danoe—called at the friendly hour when there was a certainty of afternoon tea, if Mra. Mornington were at home; and when he thought it likely that Miss Vincent would be with her aunt. "She will almost live at the Grove," he thought, as he walked towards that comfortable mansion, whtoh was nearly a mile from Beoahhurafc. "Marsh House is so near. There is a path across the meadows by which shooan walk in dry weather. A eirl living alone with her father will naturally turn to honsnnl for companionship, will take counsel with her upon all household affairs, and will run in and out every day. It was * disappointment, after having made up his aud in this way, to see no sign of Suzetle's presence in the drawing-room at the Grove. Mrs. Mornington was sitting tn the verandah with her inevitable workbasket, just as he had found her * fortnight before, when her brother's advtont at Marsh House and the dance at the Grove were still in the future. She receJwed him with her accustomed cordiality, but ehe did not ask him what he though} of hrr nieoe, though he was dying to be questioned. An unwonted shyness prevented his beginning the subject. He sat meekly sustaining a conversation about the parish, the wrongs and rights of the last clerical squabble, till his patienoe oould hold out no longer. "I hope Geneasl Vincent likes Matoham," be said at last, sot daring to touoh nearer to the subject whioh .absorbed his thoughts. "Oh yes, he lilies the place well enough. He has lived hisllfe, and can amuse himself with hie poultry-ys&rd;, and will potter about with the hounds noa* and then when the subhunting begins. Rut I don't know how it will suit her." "You think Miss Vincent would prefer a livelier plaoe?" - "Of course she •»»ould prefer it. The question is, will she p ut up with this ? She has never lived in an Knglish village, though •he has lived in out-of-the-way places in India; but then that eras camp life, adventure, the sort of thimg a girl likes. Her lather idolizes her, and has taken her about everywhere with him since she left the Sacre Gceur at fourteen years of age. She has lived at Plymouth, at York, at Luoknow. She has had enough adulation to turn a wiser head than hers." " And yet—so far as a man may venture to judge within the compass of an hour—I don't think her head has been turned," said Allan, growing bolder. "That's as may be. She has a clever little way of seeming wiser than she is. The nuns gave her that wise air, I think. They have a wonderfully refilling effeot upon their pupils. Do you think her goodlooking 1" "Good-lookiqg is an odious epithet to apply to snoh a girl. She is exquisitely pretty." " I'm glad you admire her. Yes, it is a dainty kind of prettiness, ain't it ? Exquisite is far too strong a word; but I think Bhe IB a little superior to the common rcn of English girls." "I hope she may be ab1» to endure Matcliam. After all. the oounttry round is tolerably interesting." " Oh, 'I believe ehe will put up with it for her father's sake, if he is happy here. Only, no doubt, she will miss the adulation." "She must not be allowed to miss it. All the young men in the neighbourhood will be ber worshippers." I Mrs. Mornington shrugged 'her ahoulders, pursed up her lips and made along slashing out in a breadth of substantial calioot. "The young men of the neighbourhood will hardly fill the gap," she Baid. " Yourself excepted, there is not an idea among them—that is to say, not an idea unoonneoted with sport. If a girl doesn't oare to talk about hunting, shooting, or golf, there is no such thing as conversation for her in Matsham." Before Allan oould reply the drawing-room door was thrown open, and Mrs. Mornington rose to reoeive a visitor. Her seat in the verandah commanded the drawing-room as well as the garden, and ehe was always on the alert for arrivals. Allan roBe as quickly, expecting to see Miss Vinoent. " Mrs. Wornock," announced the youthful Footman, with a grand air, v psrfeotly cognizant of the lady'seocial importance. To Allan tjhe appearance of the lady of {Disoombe was as startling as if she had lived at the other end of England. And yet Mrs. Mornington had told him that she and Mrs. Wornosk exchanged three or four visits in the course of the year. Mrs. Mornington greeted her gueet with cordiality, am] the two women oame out to the verandah together. They offered a striking oontrast, and as typee of the sex were at the opposite poles of women ; one of the world, worldly, large, strongly built, loudvoioed, resolute, commanding, a woman whose surplus power was accentuated by the petty sphere in whioh she lived; the other slender and youthful ia figure, with a marked fragility of frame, spare, ethereal, and with a girlish shyness of manner, not wanting in mental power, perhaps, but likely to be thought inferior from the laok of self-possession and self-esteem. All the social advantages which surrounded Mrs. Wornock of Disoombe had been insufficient to give her the self-confidence whioh' IB commonly superabundant in • the humblest matron who has passed her fortieth birthday. She gave a little start of surprise at finding Allan in the verandah, but the smile with which she offered him her hand was one of pleasure. She took the seat whioh Mrs. Mornington offered her—the most comfortable chair in the verandah—and then began to apologize for having taken it. " I'm afraid this ia your chair" "No, no, no. Sit where you are, for goodness sake, 19 cried Mrs. Mornington. •*' I never indulge myself with an easy chair till my dpy's work is done. We are going to have our tea out here." The servants were bringing fable and tray as she spoke. " I'm very glad «ou oame to see me this afternoon, for I dare May my nieoe will be running in presently—my < brother Robert's daughter—and I want you ' to call upon her. I told yon all about her the other day when I was at the Manor." " Would she like me to oall, do you think? Of coarse I will call if you wish it, but I hardly think she will care." c c y i e e a e a g h w e o b y s vt p c s A t i n c pffmhtqntetl a da s a o s a a t j "I know that ehe will care,"replied Mrs. Mornington, busy at the tea table. "She is not a great performer, but she is almost as enthusiastic about musio as you are. She is a Roman, and those old- masses of whioh you areso fond mean more to her than they do to most of us." Allan's spirits had risen with the expectation of Miss Vinoent'e appearance. He had been right in hit conclusion after all. He resumed his eeafc, which was near enough to Mrs. Wornock'a chair for confidential talk. " YDU have quite deserted me, Mr. Carew," the snid, with gentle reproachfulness. "I thought you would have been to see me before now." " I did not want to seem intrusive." " You could not seem or be intrusive. You are so much more to me thin a common friend. You remind me of the past—of my son. You would be almost as another son to me if you would let me think of you like that. If" She spoke quickly, almost passionately, and her low voice had 3 thrill of feelimr in it which touched him deeply. What a strange, impulsive creature this woman was, in spite of the timidity and reserve thd.t had kept her aloof from that rural society over which ehe mipht have reigned as a queen. Before Allan could roply to Mrs. Wornock's unfinished speech there oame a welcome diversion in the shape of a large blaok poodle, whioh niBhed vehemently aorosB the lawn, stood on end beside Mrs. Mornington's gown for a moment or two, sniffed tbe tea table, wheeled round, and rushed off again in a diagonal line towards the point whence he bed come. This sudden black appearance was followed by an appearance in pale-lavender cambiio, and the tall, elim form of a very elegant joung woman, whose simple attire, as at the ball, bore the true Parisian stamp, that indescribable air of unlikeness to British dress, whioh is rather a negative than a positive dignity. The brilliant dark eyes flashed a smile noon Allan, as the young lady allowed him to take her hand a l'Anglaise, after she had spoken to her aunt and had been introduced to Mrs. Wornock. "Your poodle is a little too bad, Suzie. He nearly knocked me and the tea table over." " That is one of the aunt's innocent exaggerations, " said Suzette, laughingly. '' If you know her as well as I do, Mra. Wornock, you muBt know ebe always talks in a large way. Poor Caro. He is only a puppy; and I think, for a puppy, his manners are perfect." Caro was crouching at her feet, breathing hard for the space of half a minute as Bhe Bpoke, and then he rushed off again, circling tbe lawn three or four times, with spasmodic halts by his mistress or by the tea table." " He is rather a ridiculous dog at present," apologized Suzette, fondly watching these manoeuvres; "but he is going to be very clever. He has begun to die for hiB queen ; and he will do wonderful things when he is older. T have beon warned not to teach him too much while he is a puppy, for iear of addling his brain." "I don't believe he has any brain to be addled, or at least he must have addled it for himself with that absurd rushing about," said Mrs. Mornington, dealing out the teacups, which Allan meekly handed to the two ladies. He had been to so many afternoon tea parties of late that he felt as if handing cups and sauoers and oream aud sugar were a kind of speciality with him. In Suffolk he had never troubled about these things. His time had been taken up with shooting or fishing. He had allowed all social amenities to be performed by hiB mother, unaided by him. At Matcbam he had became a new being, a person to be called upon and to return calls, with all the punctiliousness of a popular curate. He wondered at himself as he per formed these novel duties. Mrs. Wornook began to talk to Suzette, constrainedly at first, but the girl's frank vivacity soon put her at her ease, and then Allan joined in the conversation, and in a tern minutes they were all three on the friendhen terms, although the elder lady gradually dropped out of the conversation, save for a word or t«vo now and then when addreesed by the other two. She seemed content to sit by and listen while those two talked, as much interested in them a9 they were interested in each other. She was quick to perceive Allan's subjugation, quiok to understand that he was surrendering himself without a struggle to the fasoination of a girl who was not quite as other girls, who had nothing hackneyed or conventional in person or manner. After tea they all went round the lawn, headed by Mrs. Mornington, to look at her roses and carnations, flowers whioh were her peculiar pride and oare. "If I had such a garden as yours—a daydream in gardens—I don't suppose I should take any trouble about a few dwarf-roses and piootees," she said to Mrs. Wornock ; " but these flower beds are all I have to console me for the Philistinism of my surroundings." "Oh, but you have a really fine shrubbery," urged Allan, remembering that promenade of the other night among tbe lights and shadows and tbe perfume of the dewy conifers. " That belt of deodora and arbutus and rhododendrons and thia fine expanse of level lawn ought to satisfy any lady's ambition." "No doubt. This garden of mine always reminds me of the Church oateohism. It suggests that state of life to whioh it has pleased God to oall me—an eminently respectable, upper middle-class garden, most detestably modern; while the grounds at Discombe carry one back three centuries, with roses on their shoes, and talking like that book whose namelrorget, orabusinj?tbe new and detestable custom of smoking tobacco. .You will be in love with Mrs. Wornock's garden, Suzette, and will give up all idea of improving the Marsh House flower-beds." "No, I Bban't give up, however much I may admire," protested Suzette, sturdily. " If I had only a cottage garden I would toil early and late to make it beautiful. " There'is plenty of room at Marsh House," said Mrs. Wornock, "and the garden is capable of improvement. When will you bring Miss Vinoent to see me and my peaocks, Mrs. Mornington ? Pray let it be soon. Your nieoe and I have at' least one taste in ommon, and I think we ought to be good friends. W'11 you come to luncheon to-morrow, ou and Miss Vincent, and you, Mr. Carew, f you are all disengaged ?" "For u»y part I would throw over any ngagement that was capable of being vaded," said Mrs. Mornington cheerily. And then in an undertone to Allan she added, " It will be a new sensation to eat a meal at the Manor. This burst of hospitality is lmost % miracle." a Allan accepted the invitation unhesitatingly, and began to think Mrs. Wornock the most delightful of women, and to be angry with himself for ever having suspected evil in her past history. Whatever waB strange in her conduot in relation to himself and to his father must be accounted for in some way that would be consonant with guilelessness and goodnesB. That Iunoheon at Disoombe Manor was the beginning of a new phase in Allan Carew's xistenoe. All things muBt begin some day ; nd love — serious and earnest love — is one of the things which have their beginning, and whose beginning is sweeter than all the other first-fruits of life. It is not to be supposed that Allan was altoether a stranger to tender emotions, that he ad come to five and twenty years of age ithout ever having fancied himself in love. He had had his boyish passions, and they had nded in disappointment. The blighting wind f society had swept across his budding loves efore they had time to flower. All those outhful goddesses of his had shown him too oon and too plainly that there was ery little of Olympian grspdeur about hem- As an only son with good' rospects he had been rudely awakened to the ruel truth that the average young lady had a harp eye to the main chance, and that he, llan Carew, was measured by his expectaions rather than by his meritB. Very early n youth be made up his mind that he would ever let hie heart go "out to any woman who ontemplated marriage from a busiuesB standoint ; and he had been keenly on the watch or the oanker of wordliness among tbe lowers. Unluckily for his chances of matriony the prettiest girls he had met hitherto ad been the most worldly, trained, perhaps, o worldlin6SB on account of their marketable ualities. Muoli as he admired high-mindedess in woman he was not high-minded enough o seek out virtue under an unattractive xterior, so he had almost made up his mind o follow his unole'e example and go through k ife a bachelor. As a bachelor he might count himself rich, nd for a bachelorBeechhurst was an admirable welling-plaoe. The house had been built for baohelor. The roofliB were spacious but few. Twice as many bedrooms, best and econdary, would bB required for a family man. Musing vaguely on the possibility of marriage, Allan had shuddered as he thought of an arcbiteot exploring that delightful upper floor, measuring walls, and tapping partitions, and disoasBing the -iest point at which to throw out a nufsery wing, and where to add three or four servants' bedrooms. And behold now this prudent, far-seeing young man, whose philosophy hitherto bad been the philosophy of pure selfishness, was allowing himself to fall in love with a young lady who, for all he could tell, might be just as mercenary and worldly-minded as the girls he had met in SuffolkBhootingpartiesor in London ballrooms. He had no reason to suppose her ny better than they. Her father was a man f moderate means and according to all tbe rules of modern life, it would be her duty to make a good marriage. He remembered how Mrs. Mornington had ordered her niece to ave a dance for him; and he might oonolnde from that and other small facts that the aunt would favour him as a suitor foi the niece. Yeb the idea of worldly-mmaedness never entered his thoughts in relation to Suzette. He bandoned himself to the charm of ber delightful individuality without the fainteat pprehension of future disillusion. He hought, indeed, but little of the future. The oys of the present were all-aufficing. To t&lk; with her in anrestrained frivolity, glancing from theme to theme, but always with a grain of sentiment or philosophy in their talk; to walk beside her in those stately alleys at Discombe, or to linger in the marble temple ; to follow the peacocks along the grass walks ; to look for the nests of tne thrashes and blackbirds in the thick walls of laurel; to plan garden plavs—" Twelfth Night," "Midsummer Night's Dream"— that grassy ampitheatre, which reminded Allan of the Boboli Gar lens—these things made a happiness that filled mind and heart to the exclusion of all thought of the future. " I can understand tue lilies better now than when I was tirst told to oonsider them," said Allan one day, as be stood with Suzette beside a great bed of lilium auratum. " How do you mean ?" "Because I am as happy as they are, and take no more heed of the future than they do. I feel as they feel when they sway gently in the summer wind and bask in the summer sun, fed with the dews of night, having all things that are good for flowers, eatistitd and happy." " You are as foolish as I am. I can't help fancying sometime* that flowers are alive and can feel the BUD and the glory of the blue skv. To be always looking up at tbe sky, dumb, lifeless, not knowing ! One would hardiy care for flowers if one oould realize that they have neither s^nse nor feeling. Yet I suppose one does realize that cruel fact sometimes. I know when I have bBen looking at the roses, and delighting in their beauty, Caro meets me as I go back to the house, and as be leaps and frisks about me tho difference between him and the flowers strikes me very keenly—they so beautiful and eo far off, he so near and dear, the precious living thing." "Ah, that is the-.crown of things. Miss Vinoent—life I Dead loveliness iB nothing in comparison V *' No," said Suzette. " And ivbat a blessing that life is beautiful in itself. One can love ugly people; one may adore an ugly dog; but who ever cared for an ugly chair, or could beoome attached to an ugly house S" b e h o i a S i t k C w t a u f « md "Not knowingly ; bat I have known people fondly attsohea to the most hideously furnished rooms. A nd oh, how humiliating it is tor middle-aged peoole like my mother to be obliged to admit that the things we think hideous were accounted beautiful when they were young : , . This easy, trivial talk was the growth of more than one luncheon, and a good many teadrinkings. in the music-room or in the gardens of Discombe. Airs. Wornock had opened Spr heart and her house to Suzette as she had never before done to any young lady in the neighbourhood, and Suzette warmly reciprocated the kindness of thereoluBe. She ran in at the Manor House almost as unceremoniously as she ran in at the Grove. It was understood by the servants that their miEtreeB was always at horine to Miss Vincent. And as Allan had previously been made freo of the Manor House is was only natural that he and Suzette should meet very often under Mrs. Wornook s mild chaperonage. Mrs. Mornington knew of these meetings, and, indeed, often dropped in whil%the young people were there, coming to take Suzette home in her pony carriage, or to walk with her through tne lanes. She showed no sign of disapproval; yet, as a woman of the world, it may have occurred to her that, since Mrs. Wornook was so fond of Suzett6, it might be wise for Suzette to refrain from attaching herself to Auan Carew, while a superior parti remained in the background in the person of Mrs. Wornock s only son. Happily for Allan, Mrs. Mornington, although essentially mundane, was not a schemer. She had made np her mind that Allan was a good deal better than tbe average young man, and that Beeohhurst was quite good enough for her nieoe, whose possessions and expectations were of a very modest order. There had been no mock humility in Mrs. Mornington's statements of facts when she told Allan that her brother's iuoome, from all souroes, was juBt big enough to enable him to live respectably at Marsh House. The foliage was beginning to show gleams of gold and red amidst the sombre green of late summer;^the hounds were beginning to %ieet at 7 o clock in the orisper, clearer mornings of September, and Allan Carew was beginning to feel himself the bond-slave of a joung lady aboit whose sentiments towards himself he was still entirely in the dark. Did Bhe care for him much, a little, not at all? Allan Carew was continually asking himself those questions, and there was no oracle to answer him ; no oracle even in his inner canBoiouaiieBs, which told him nothing of Snzette's feelings. He knew chat he loved her; but he could recall no word or look of hers which could assure him that she returned his love. It was certain that she liked him, and that his sooiety was pleasant to her. They had an infinite series of ideas in common—they thonghc alike upon moat subjeots; and Ahe seemed no more weary of his Bociety than he of hers—yet there were times when he thought he might have been nearer winning her love had she liked him less. Her friendship seemed too frank ever to ripen into love. He would have liked to see her start and blush at his coming. _ She did neither; but received him with her airiest grace, and had always her laughter ready for his poor jokes, her intellect on the alert for his serious speeoh about books or men. She was the most delightful companion he had ever known; but a sister oould not have been more at her ease with him. "I sometimes think you take me for one of your old convent friends," he eaid one day, when she had prattled to him of her housekeeping and her garden as they walked up and down the long grass alley, while tbe musio of the organ came to them, now loud with the lessening distance, now sinking slowly to silence as they walked further from the house. "Oh, no; I should never take you for any one so patrioian and distinguished as Laure de Beauvais, orEmilie deLaroohe," she answered laughingly. "I should never dare co talk to them about eggs and butter, the obstinacy of a cook at twenty-five pounds a year, the ignorance of a gardener who is little better than a day labourer. But perhaps I am wrong to talk to you of these everyday cares. I will try to talk as I would to Ernilie. I will dispute the merits of Lacnartine's Byron as compared with Hugo's ode to the TTing of Rome. I was for Hugo; £milie for Lamartine. We used to have terrible battles. And now Ernilie ia married to a financier, and has a palace in the Paro Monceau, and giveB balls to all Paris; and I am living with father in a shabby little house with two maids and a man-of-allwork." " Talk to me as you like,he said ; " talk to me as your serf, your slave." And then, without a moment's panse in whioh to arrange hiB thoughts, surprised into a revelation which he had intended indefinitely to defer, he told her t^hat he was in very truth her slave, and that he must be the most miserable of men 0 this avowal of his love touched no answering ohord in her heart. She who waa habitually so gay grew suddenly grave almost to sadness, and looked at him with an expression whioh was halffrightened,'half-repioachfal. " Oh, why do you talk like this 7" she cried. We have been such friends—so happy." "Shall we be less friendly or happy when we are lovers?" That word " when" touohed her keen sense of the ridiculous. "When we are lovers !" she eohoed, smiling at him. "You take everything for' granted." " I have no alternative between confidence and despair." "Really, really, now? Am I really necessary to your happiness ?" " You are my happiness. I come here, or I go to the grove, and find you, and lam happy. When I go away I leave happiness behind me, except the reflected light of memory: except the dreams in which your image floats about me, in which I hear your voice, the sweet voice thst is kinder fn my dreams than it ever iB in my waking houife "Surely I am never unkind." " No; but in my dreams yen are more than kind—you are my own and my love. You are what 1 hope you will be soon, Suzette—soon! Life's morning is BO short. Let us spend it together." They were in the temple at the end of the cypress walk, and in that semi- sacred solitude bis arm had stolen round her waist, his lips were seeking hers gently, yet with a force which needed all her strength to oppose. "No, no; you must not. lean promise nothing yet. I have had no time to think." " No tijie! Oh, Suzette, you must have nown for the last six weeks that I adore you." " Indeed, I am not vain enough to imagine myself adored. I think I knew that you liked me—almost from the first " "Liked and admired you from the very first," interrupted Allan. " My aunt said things—hinted and laughed, and was altogether absurd ; but one's kinsfolk are so vain." " Yes, when they have a goddess bom among them." " Ob, please, don't be too ridioulous. Yon know that I like you; but as for loving, I must have a long, long time to think about that." "Youshall think as long as you like; so long as you do not withdraw your friendfihip. I cannot live without you." "Whyshould I cease to be yoiir friend? Only promise that you will never again talk or behave so foolishly as you have done this afternoon." "I promise, solemnly promise, until you give me leave to be foolish," he concluded with a touch of tenderness. He felt that he had been precipitate; that he might, by this temerity, have broughtupon himself banishment from tbe hid en in which he was so happy. He had been overbold in chinking that tbe time which had sufficed tor the growth of passionate love on hie part was enough to make this oharming girl as fond of him as he was of her. He was ashamed of his own arrogauoe. The degrees of their merit were -o different; she a being whom to know was to love; he a very commonplace young man. Suzette w;as quite as easy in her manner with him after that little outbreak as she had boen before. He had Dromised not to renew tbe attack, and in her simple trustfulness she believed all proiniseB sacred between well-bred people. Mrs. Mornington dropped in at teatime, ready to drive her niece home. It was a common thing- now for Suzette to spnnd the whole day at Disc>mbe, playing classical duets with MrB. Wornock, or sitting quietly by her side reading or musing while she played the organ. The girl's religions feeling gave significance to that noble music of the old German and Italian masses, which to other hearers were only music. The acquaintance between the elder woman and tbe youneer had ripened y this time into a friendship whioh was not without affection. " Mr*. Wornock is my second aunt, and Discombe is my eecond home," said Suzette, xplaining the frequency of her vieits. " And the Grove, does not that count as ome?" a«ked Mra. Mornington, with an ffended air. " Is i9 so much my home that I don't count t at all. It! is more like home than Marsh House, both for father and for me." Later, when the pony carriage was taking unt and niece along the road to Matoham uzette said suddenly, after a silenue— " Auutie, would it be a shock to your nerves f I w«re to tell you something that happened o-day?" My nerves are very strong, Suzie. What ind of thing was it ? And did it concern Mr. arew, for ezample?" " How clever you are at gueBsing. Yes, it as Mr. Carew. He proposed tome." "And, of course, you accepted him."' "Ofoourse! Oh, mm tie! What do you hink I am made of? I have only known him bout two months." " What of that? If you bad been brought p in the French fashion—and a very sensible ashion it is, to my thinking—you would have hly seen him two or three times before you arched up to the altar with him. Surely you id not rejeot him "I may not have said positively no; but I told him that it was much too soon—that I oould not positively love him after such a short acquaintance, and that, if we were to go on being friends, he must n9ver speak of such a thing again." "Never !" "I think the word was never—or, at any rate, for a long, long time. And he promised." " lie will keep his promise, no doubt. Well, Snzette, all I can eay is that you must be very difficult to please. I don't believe there is another girl in Matoham who would have refused Allan Carew." " What, are all the young ladies in Matcham so much alike that the same y oung man would suit them all? Have they no individuality?" "They have individuality enough to know a good young man, with an excellent position in life, when they S6e one. I believe your father will be as disappointed as I am." "Disappointed? Because I am not in hurry to leavn him. I don't know my father if he is capable of such unkindness." "Suzette, that little mind of yours is full to the brim of high-flown notions," retorted her aunt, impatiently. " Dear auntie, surely you are not angry ?" " Yes, Suzie, I am angry, because I have a very high opinion of Allan Carew. I oonsider him a pearl among young men." "finally, aunt'. And if he were a poor curate, or a barrister without—what do you call them—briefs ? Yes, briefs! Would he be a pearl then ?" " He would be just as good a young man, but not a husband for you. , Don't expeot romantio ideas from me, Suzette. If I ever was romantio it was so many years ago that I have quite forgotton the sensation." "Andyou cannot conjure back your youth in order to understand me," said her nieoe, musingly. " You are not like Mrs. Wornook, whose mind eeemB always dwelling on the past." "Has she talked to you of her youth?" Mrs. Mornington asked quickly. "Not directly; but ehe has talked vaguely sometimes of feelings long dead and gone—of the dead whom she loved—her father whom ehe lost when she was seventeen, and whose spirit—as she thinks—holds communion with her in her solitary daydreams at the organ. He was a musician, like herself, passionately fond of music." " I hope you will not take np any of Mrs. Wornock's fads." "Not unless yen oall musio a fad." "No, no, music is well enough, and I like you to practise and improve yoar playing. But I hope you will never allow yourself to believe in poor Mrs. Wornook's nonsense about spirit-rapping and communion with the dead. You must see that the poor woman iB toquee." " I see that she is dreamy, and I am not oarried away by her dreams. I think her the most interesting woman I ever met. Don't be jealous, auntie darling, I should never be as fond of her as I am of you." " I hope not 1" "Only I can't help being interested in her. She is * simpatica.'" "Simpatiaa!' I hate the word. I never heard any one talked of as * simpatica' who hadn't a bee in ber bonnet. I really don't know if your father ought to allow you to be so much at the Manor." " I am going to take him to Bee Mrs. Warnook to-morrow afternoon, i know he will be in love with her." "It would be a very sensible thingif.he were to marry her, and make a sensible woman of her." "Mrs. Wornook with a second husband. The idea is hateful. She would cease to interest me if she were eo commonplace as to marry. I prefer her infinitely with what you call her fads." "Crabbed age and youth cannot live together," said Mrs. Mornington, quoting one of the few poets with whom she had any acquaintance. "You and I would never think alike, I suppose, yonng woman. And eo you refused Mr. Carew, and told him never to tilk to yon of love or wedlock, and you refused Beeohhnrst, yonder," pointing with her whip across the heath to where the white walls of Allan Carew's house smiled in the afternoon sunlight. " I know what your Uncle Mornington will say when I tell him what a little fool you have been." " Auntie, why is it you want me to marry Mr. Carew ?" Snzette asked pleadingly. " Is it beoause he is rich? Is it for the sake of Beeohhurst?'' " No, Miss Minx, it is because I believe him to be a good young man—a gentleman—and as true as steel." Susette gave a little sigh, and for a minute or so was dumb. '' Do you know why I have always been glad that my father is an Englishman?" Ehe asked presently. " Why, because he is an Englishman, I suppose. I should think any girl would be English if aha oould." "No, auntie, I am not so proud of my father's country as all that. I have been glad of my English father because I knew that English girls are allowed to make their own choice in marriage." " And a very pretty use you are going to make of your privileges, refusing the best young man in the neighbourhood. If you were my daughter I should be half inclined to send for one of those whipping ladies we read about, and have you brought to your senses that way ?" "No, you wouldn't, auntie. You wouldn't be unkind to daughter or nieoe." " Well, you have your father to account to. Whit will he say, I wonder ?" "Only that bis Suzie is to do just as Bhe likes. Do you know that I refused a young subaltern np at the hills, a young man with an enormous fortune, whom ^ver so many girls were trying to catch—girls and widows too—he might have had a large choice." "And what did my brother say to that?" "He only laughed, and told me that I knew my own value." Mrs. Morningtbn was thoughtful for tbe rest of the way. Perhaps, after all, it was a good thing for a girl to be difficult to please. A girl as bright and pretty as Suzette could afford to give herself airs. Allan would be sure to propose to her again; and then there was Geoffrey Wornock, who was expeoted borne before Christmas. Who could tell if Geoffrey might not be as deeply smitten with this charming hybrid as Allan? and Discombe was to Beeohhurst as sunlight unto moonlight in exteneiveness^nd value? "Aud yet I would rather she should marry Carew,"mused Mrs. Mornington. ''Ishould be afraid of young Wornock." INSOMNIA. Hour after hoar, with wide and wakeful gaze, I lie and watch you solitary star, That, like some traveller's torch on mountain ways, Ascends my window lattice, bar by bar— Counting the while the church clock chime afar. I hear the night wind's drowsy whisperings, Soft as tbe murmur of a meadow rill; Close in his cell the hermit cricket sings His lonely lands, with wintry tone and shrill; While answers owi to owl across tbe hilL I feel like one, who by some busy bay Beholds his friends take ship for distant lands, His own barque anchored while tbey sail away To bland, bright coasts, upon whose gleaming sands Dream shapes to dream strains dance with clasping hat da. Yet some, I know, must waft to gloomy coasts, AVild shores o'entrewn with many a wreck upcast, To dwell night-long with nnfornotten ghosts. And pay sharp penance for a waited past. Or mourn dead hopes and love that might not last. Hark! sound of homely comfort! cries the cock Hie strident prupbecy of coming morn; And, a> from city spires clock answers clock. Coma faint, sweet notes of waking buds, far \ borne— Bich music to night watchers, wan and worn. And through my window lattice, like the smile That clears the shadow from pain-darkenert eyes fhe dawn rose blooms above the hill, the while The an::el- of tbe day speed up the sties. Gold- winged and glorious, robed in rainbow dyes. 4 Boston Tra iscript. 