ACADEMY OF MUSIC, HAMLET. Mrs G. B. W. Lewis is one of the very few actresses who have essayed the part of " Hamlet." The task is one quite out of the ordinary, and the artiste is certainly to becomplimented for her courage in attempt ing it. It has been said that an intelligent actor seldom or ever entirely fails in the role of the melancholy D)ane, and the asser tion is probably correct to a certain extent, for the lines of Shakespeare possess such literary merit that if spoken " trippingly on the tongue" their worth csn hardly fail to be duly appreciated by an English audience. While, however, there may be many creditable representatives of " Ham let" there are very few who are capable of doing complete justice to Shakespeare's great creation. Super ficially the rendering may be smooth enough, but only histrionic genius can bring to the surface the varied and com plex phases of a nature so difficult to understand. The character has a fascina. tion for the student and the actor, and the attraction will in all probability continue unto the end of time. Hamlet is essen tially a " manly" role. There is nothing effeminate about the Prince if we except, perhaps, his hesitancy to wreak a ven geance to which a voice from the grave urges;, him on. Therefore, the portrayal of such a part by an actress can only be regarded as a stage novelty, and so treated. Looking at Mrs Lewis's representation in this light, it must be pronounced entirely satisfactory. She brought her experience and intelligence to bear, and the result was apparent in the wrapt attention of her audience, and the avidity with which the numerous "points" were taken up. The dialogue with the ghost in the opening act, the scene with the Queen in the third, and the impressive finale when the "fell sergeant death" claims his quartet of victims, were each treated .with the touch of an artist hand, while in the lighter moods of the Prince the actress showed to especial advantage. The various other characters incidental to the play were in capable hands. Mr F. C. Appleton gave a scholarly reading of the ghost, and Mr Clement Wakefield was an excellent repre sentative of the fiery Laertes. The Horatio of Mr Truebridge was an evenly sustained portrayal ; so was also the Guildenstern of that well-known actor Mr Hans Phillips, who will be remembered by Launceston playgoers as a promising exponent of " juvenile leads" in the palmy days of Miss Eloiso Juno and poor William Andrews. Mr Esmelton was a fairly good Claudius, Mr Costello made the tediousness of Polonius a trifle too pronounced, and Mr Waiter Carle was seen to decided advan. tage as the first gravedigger. An attrac tive Ophelia was found in Miss Frances Grahame, who was seen at her best in the mad scene, and Miss Jenny Bryon, was an impressive Queen Gertrude. The play was well received by an audience thoroughly interested in its representation from first to last. This evening Mrs Lewis is to appear in Wills and Sydney Grundy's historical drama "La Pompadour." In reference to her recent representation of the character at the Theatre Royal, Adelaide, the S.A. Register says :-" The character of the imperious, beautiful, extravagant, but intellectual woman, is a matter of history, and Mrs Lewis gave it a realistic render ing, working her will upon King and courtier, noble and commoner. Imperious to her enemies, complaisant and courteous to her friends, she changed the colour of her moods chameleon-like, and her temper took its hue from its surroundings. Even in the preposterous fashion of the last century's expansive hooped skirts she moved gracefully, posed with effect, and looked queenly. One of the most effective scenes was when by her irresistible will she openly scouted the Queen and took her place besides Louis, that complex character of whom it has been said that 'he was polite, affable, and naturally humane; but want of strength of character and sensual indulgences degraded him equally as a monarch and a man. The coming storm, which burst upon the head of his succes sor, was fully expected by him; but he selfishly congratulated himself that, bad as things were, they would last his time.' Mrs Lewis was highly effective when, with bitter scorn and pitiless rage, she ordered Eugene Lambert off to execution for de nouncing her as an enemy to France. The dying scene after the stormy interview with her husband, Narcisee Eameau, in which she discovers that it is her own son whom she has ordered to be shot and that the King has discarded her, was full of force." 