GENERAL NEWS. Unclaimed.—Letters waiting to be claimed at the General Post-office bear the following names and addresses:—Samuel Aija, c/- William Kessel, Crafers ; John Bamen, Watts Gully, North Gumeracha; John Cummins and F. Ellis, Clarendon; A Grere, Crafers; Isaac Hutton, " Berryfield," Gumercha; Peter Joseph, Nairne; E. Majory, Mannum; Mr. Meyers, Onkaparinga Dam; W. C. Mc- Donald, Bend Station, Mannum; M. Mc- Drotte, Woodside; Captain George Pylus and F. Salmon, s.s. Saddler, Goolwa; Mr. Ren-. frey, Gumeracha; Joseph Michael Sad, Langhorne's ; Singh Chorkow, Mannum; Umfreville & Dodd, Wellington; W. D. Watkins, Murray Bridge; and S. Woodhall Goolwa. Hahndorf Institute.—At the annual meeting of Hahndorf Institute subscribers last week, when Mr. D. J. Byard, the presi dent, was in the chair, the secretary's report showed the financial condition of the institu tion to be hardly as satisfactory as at the commencement of the year, but there had been a slight increase in the number of sub scribers. Thirty volumes had been added during the 12 months, bringing the total to 626\. The sum of £25 had been expended in providing bookcases, &c.; It was resolved to offer a free membership for one year to a scholar in each of the schools in the township, the holder to be selected by a competitive examination. Mr. Byard was again elected president and Mr. von Doussa secretary and treasurer. AN INTERESTING ANNIVERSARY,— A pleasant gathering took place on Saturday afternoon on the occasion of the sixty-first anniversary of the marriage of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Wright, who are old and highly respected colonists of Clarendon. Mr. Wright was born in 1812 and Mrs. Wright in 1809. They were married at St. Pancras Church, London, in 1834, and arrived in the colony in 1840\. ; Mr. Wright for many years occupied the position of clerk to the Clarendon District Council, and he still holds the position of deputy returning-officer for the electoral distriot of Noarlunga. A large number of old friends and relatives met to congratulate the aged couple who entered into the festivities with as much pleasure as their great-grand- children; . The family now living consists of one son, Mr. J. Wright, who holds the clerk- ship his father once did, and four daughters There are also 34 grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. Arbor Day at Mannum.—Arbor Day, was celebrated at Mannum on Friday by the children attending the English and German schools. After planting a few trees at their, respective schoolyards over 200 children mus tered at the institute and were addressed by Mr. W. Gill (Conservator of Forests), Mr. D. Shearer (Chairmau of the Board of Advice), and Mr. C. F. Wanke(Chairman of the Dis trict Council). The first-named gentleman spoke at length on " Trees: why and how they should be planted,", giving some valuable, information not only to the children but also to the grown-up persons present. A rather amusing incident happened when it came to the practical demonstration of planting. On coming to the first of the holes (which had been dug the day previous) Mr. Gill made a few more observations, concluding, "And now we shall commence to plant." Down went the spade thud on solid rock covered very slightly with soil, the spade rebounding sharply and leaving Mr Gill's hand. The Conservator was equal to the occasion, re- marking promptly, "There now, that is how the people plant trees and expect them to grow, and if they don't do so they blame the Forest Department for it." The committee looked foolish for a moment or two, but soon ascertained that the hole had been given up as a bad job and was not intended for the reception of a tree. After this everything went off well. Refreshments were provided for the children at noon and in the evening in the institute, and during the afternoon old and young enjoyed themselves at various games on the village green. Death of an old Onkaparinga Resi- dent.—The death was announced last week of Mr.James East, sen. at the great age of 92 years, at Forest Range. The deceased came to the colony in 1836 in the brig Charlotte and was employed hut-building where Adelaide now stands. From there Mr. East went to reside at Norton's Summit, beginning work as a splitter of timber. He started farming on the western branch near Woodside about 40 years ago, and while there he once sold 200 bushels of wheat to the late. Mr. John Dunn at £1 5s. per bushel. Subsequently he returned to splitting and carting timber to the city. Mrs. East died three years ago, aged 77\. They have left three sons, three daughters, 21 grandchildren and 10 great- grandchildren. The late Mr.East had resided for upwards of 50 years in the district. Bismarck on Women in Politics. — Our German friends may. be ..surprised. to -learn Trihce BismarckW ipmibiikftn the subject ^o_f •women as afaetor in politics. Here is what Bp said to y deputation of Sileqian ladiesthree months jigo s —" 1"always regret that so little influence in pdliti^ . Unallowed to the 'better half of the- bumanrace. I do not expect indies todeliver speeches in Parliament, but ^bylieye' that ~the.;r«fultt t»f oar'elections rwouid be*mora'natibrmtandmbre satisfactory if;they Were more under female LDfl'uenoe'thaii ppwti: Honeai GenMn,women, wives and mothers,.do sotpj^Hrfi^w^f Socialist*, .audi,therefore .^j^^^uttjl^^te^^i^patby -with our p^tioal^ihifitWojM^ H^^nuoh Stronger'Jhulwark' against SbbiriHemotfraoy than our Sevoluffiini^lJa^^idB^rB1be **..had been passed." B«dly^B»W:thiu^Frince "Bismarck ought to be :aiHt^:Ho^ Hrandent ofthe Woman's FranohiraAssooiation. '* Presentation to Miss Price.—Miss Bessie Price, who has been compelled, through the departure of her parents from Mount Barker to the city, to relinguish her position as teacher of the Institute Shorthand Class, was not allowed to leave without some recognition being made of her valuable services. On Monday evening a number of her pupils assembled by invitation at the residence of Mrs. S. Barker, when Mr. F. R. Smith, on behalf of the clasee, presented Miss Price with a testimonial and a gold brooch as tokens of friendship and esteem. The address which gratefully recognised Miss Price's capabilities as a teacher and expressed regret at the removal from the district, entertained the hope that her future career would be happy and prosperous. The document, which was in shorthand, with accompanying tran scription (both written by Mr. Frank Beavis), was signed by no fewer than 17 phonographers who had been, or were at the time of her resignation, pupils of Miss Price. An interesting feature was the fact that three of the signatures were those of young ladies. Miss Price, who had been taken by surprise by her young friends, thanked them sincerely for their kindly action. A Fine Mineral Collection.— The Adpertiaer, has this .paragraph in reference to a gentlemen formerly resident in the Mount Barker, district and well, known. U> Courier readers>fTh® Rev. R. J. Daddow of Young- street, Parkside, is o'ne'o'f the moat' enthnsi astic. slAideiits of mineralogy ia-tlie colony, and he,has.qneof the finest collections of mineral specimenB ' that ooold be found prbbridyin any-jpriyat® boh*6 in^ Australia. Ever .since .hewas 19. years ^old-rhe is now nearly "three times That* "a'ge^-h'e has sys tematieally devbted 'time and'attbbtibif to'the interesting.^pastime,. with .^thos result,:-tha| at the yMret^tjtime Be Irit^inbu^ apecpimui to fill oeverel *lar^ isfabw^esl :- In tltbiBleiunt Bsricer Institute a portion of his treasures are eriiihibed for the benefit phtheltpwnapeople, and: in the PortvAdriride Museum there is another valuable casejfulL. .. By far the.most important and'hxJ^irb portion, dioweirer, is ,to.he seen. in.hL«„study at Toung-street. Mr. ,'Daddow has a spacious cupboard overorowded jWitErepresentatires of all sorts of -minerals, 'and in a variety:bf.forms,.as-well as. precious stones. ... The colors of eome. ere. truly mag nificent, while the fantastic shape" of others reuderthemnoneihe Ipse ^attractive. If Mr. .Daddbw ' could" he induced to lend the speoimens to ,the Maseum 'there is no doubt they would attract great attention. Rumors of Ghosts.—Until lately this •district (oar Mannum &rmpondent; jrrites) has been free from gruesome ghost stories, but recently msny reportrhave been circulated that some uncahny Bemgi has t^en' observed about right miles Iroiin .heps. iBfb'mh^riate menta are to the effect thait a white figure haa \- bran seen-moving "abent at night-rime, and lights have been-observed about ylie plaoe, but on going towardsihe object itiieepi moving about, and nobody can get near. Trust .worthy persons have asserted this, again and -agaiiL A short time ago several were on the -vratch when u light came along at a rapid pace withbnt rioise, and this time they managed to get near it,'when it was found to be a bieyclist-'with a lantern. LaBt week, again, a party went out looking for theBght and were notlong in discovering one. Armed |,with revolvers, silently on they rushed,"rind foUnd a candle alight in a gin bottle pished mi a stnmp. Someone had found out shbut -the parby going and had played a proetaoal joke. But another light appeared, anid^al though the searchers tried their level best they could not get near it. Some put it down as a nootunial spectre ; others b^ere it is gas escaping from some ^ridden miqisral, such as ooal, or perioleum/ BuKnne thibg is clear—that many reridenfo arsan ri state of -fear. MEETING AT PALMER - Great interest was manifested in the meeting of ratepayers of the District Council of Tungkillo. There were about 85 ratepayers present, many having travelled a long distance. As the council chamber was not large enough the meeting had to be conducted in the open air. Mr. P. O'Dea, chairman of the council presided, and there were also present Councillors F. W., Rathjen, E. A. Herrmann, J. Naismith, sen., and W. Harding, jun., and the clerk (Mr. H. C. Mengersen). The business was to consider the advisableness of transferring the council chamber from Tungkillo to Palmer and to decide whether the rates should be lowered from 9d. to 6d., or to reduce the assessment by one-third. Mr. A. B. Rowland proposed that the assessment of the district should be reduced by one-third, as land values had shrunk considerably during later years. Mr. George Melrose seconded saying the Govern- ment were to a great extent guided by the assessments of district councils. Messrs. F. Dewell and Allan Baker supported. Coun- cillor E. A. Herrmann moved as an amend- ment that a new assessment should be pre- pared, as it would give more justice to all concerned, because many of the properties were highly overvalued. Messrs. H. Oppatt and R. W. Herrmann supported the amend- ment, which was carried by 42 to 31. It was also decided that the council should meet for six months at Palmer and for six months at Tungkillo; the first meeting at Palmer to be held after the new year, 1896. 