UIITIE HILL BURBI!G BGOU&D.;,i I is Tensated Almost Wholly b7 y[n Wbh :. .,, DIWith Thlir Boots Oa. As the traveler` ajpreachee Billing from the eastshs seaes td the left of the railroad a large number of houses, mostly of primitive construction. There is a gap of open country andthen comes Billings. That suburbis worth a visit. It is part of -Montianai's history. It is Coulson. The houses, with asingle ex oeption; are untenanted, and have been for some yearas "It is said that people coming..to Billings find it diffinlt to get houses. But it is never suggested that the surplus population be gathered at Coulson: ýf there is not afirst-class ghost story for every house in the de serted town, then things are niot as they should be. If you go to Coulson you must olimb "Butte Hill" 'an4 see the Coulson bu ing-ground. Twenty-foar men are buried there, and twenty-threg of them died with their boots on. Oie day California'Jack-every bor for town had its California Jack staked his last twenty-dollar gold-piece at the faro table and lost it. He got up, feeling ugly, walked outdoors and into the resturant which was near by. I Several men were there, and a little waiter who knew, California Jack in. timately was sitting on a table swinging his feet. "I'll shoot the first mad- that speaks," said Califoruia'Jack2 "What's the matter 'with youl' alled aut the waiter in a bantering tone. SCalifornia Jack ptjt his left hand on the little fellow's shoulder and at- the same instant drew his pistol and shot his victimtiitfugh the heart. It was such a cold-blooded affair that the men 1i the place, usually ready, sat as if paralyzed just long enough to let Calis fornia Jack awinghimself uponhis horse and get out of range. Then there was Jiasty recruiting of a posse, but it wa too late; California Jack escaped hsd sever came back to Coulson. 'That is the wa- one of the twenty. three graves on 'Butte Hill" was filled. The other stories are like unto it. Coul son was here before Billings was. It was the great outfitting point for the buffalo hunters. It was a frontier me tropolis. When the railroad approached the Coulson -people saw their town a second Chicago. Coulson boomed until the railroad company built by it, got a secotion of land, a couple of miles finks ther west, and located Billinigs.. It was proposed to connect the new town and the old town with a street railroad. The cars were even ordered:and res ceived. But the project went ae way of so manyothersohemes of the early days People gradually moved away from Coulson dntil only "Liver-Eating" John. son remained. Mr. Johnson is credited with having taken 1,239 Sioux scalps. Once upon a time he and two compan. ions had an unusually severe tussle with the "varmints." Mr. Johnson wad so worked up over the struggle that al the end of it he out out the liver of ac Indian and devoured it in the presence of his oompanions, who told the story. Ever since that timehe. has been known as "Liver-Eating" Johnson, and he makes no denial of the incident. The historical associations at Coulson are not unpleasant to Mr. Johnson, and the goet st es Asj ýt ir s aslums 