Reviews. Two in the Bash, And Others Elsewhere. By F. Frankfort Moore, author of I Forbid the Banns, A Gray Eye or So, etc. London : Macmillan and Co. Macmillan's Colonial Library, No. 206. Alice Lauder, a sketch. By Mrs. J. Glennt Wilson, author of Themes and Variations. London : Macmillan and Co. Macmillan's Colin Campbell, Lord Clyde. By Archibald Foebes. London : Macmillan and Co. English Men of Action Series. Thirteen Doctors. By Mrs. J. K. SrENDER. London : Macmillan and Co. Macmillan's Colonial Library, No. 209. The Burden of a Woman. By Kichard Prtce, author of Miss Maxwell's Reflections, Time and the Woman, Just Impediment, Winifred Mount, fito.. Ijnndnn ; Manmitlan and On. ftlftnini llanos Colonial Library, No. 208. It has not fallen to our lot to read Mr. F. Frank- fort Moore's novel, I Forbid the Banns, but the collection of tales before us reveals him as an excellent writer of short stories. ' Two in tbe bush,' which gives the title to the volume, has its place of honour we presume because this volume is one of Macmillan's Colonial Library. The tale is well enough in its way, but Mr. Frankfort Moore writes of an Australia of which his only knowledge apparently has been acquired by reading. The incident upon which the fun of the story turns — the mistaking of a trio of visitors for bushranger3 — is not improbable, and the denoument earns the smile which the reader will naturally give. ' A Colourable Imitation' is an effective nartative showing how the great Paganini once frightened a chance visitor to a country castle where he was staying into a belief that he was the Evil One. Ot' a more elaborate character is ' Under .Royal Pat ronase.' a tale with a tragic endiner. narrating the manner in whish a great French Juliet was done to death because she had fascinated a certain artistic heir to a Grand Duchy and had interfered with the matrimon al designs of the Prince's papa and his Prime Minister. The most satisfactory narrative in the book is one which exhibits tho course of retributive justice ia the case of a flogging lieutenant-commander of the old fashioned type. It iB entitled 'The Cruise of the 'Diana.'' ' Sylvia the Sorctress' is a pretty love tale — date, the beginning of the century ; and ' At the King's Head' is a trifle showing how the famed Kitty Clive gave a boastful provincial actor a lesson. Mr. Frankfort Moore's style is direct and forcible; he wastes no words, but tells his tale without moralis- ing ; and he displays a pretty humorous turn. We aasume that these stories have already had a magazine publication, but have chanced to meet none of them. Alice Lauder is a young lady who is introduced to us in the act of ascending the steps from the wharf of an obscure Australian port to the deck of a great mail steamer, and whose attire is of the most unfashionable character. She is the daughter of a musician, a genius and therefore an unsuccess ful man, and is on her way to England to cultivate her voice and other musical powers, with intent to adopr, music a3 a profession. Her voyage towards Colombo is without notable adventure, till on an occasion when the tedium of the time is being relieved by an impromptu concert in which the passengers take part, she electrifies the audience by a performance on the piano which they were unprepared for from 'a sunburnt, badly dressed, awkward, and unfinished colonial girl.' But her father had taught her thoroughly ; and, after her first triumph, she becomes the most popular person on the ship. She plays selections tOBUitevtrybody. Then comes in the beginning of the inevitable romance. There is among the passengers a young man, Arthur Campbell, who has a passion for music, and before Ceylon is reached the young man and the maid have established the practice of playing duets, he on the violin, she on the piano, bo that the break in the voyage finds them excellent^ comrades. At Colombo, Campbell re ceives letters, which inform him of a private secretaryship awaiting him in India. Before he goes, however, under the stress of pity for Alice, and thinking of the Ionelines3 of the life she must lead in London while she makes her way, he offeM to marry her. The girl refuses. And so they part, &nd; (in interval of ten years passes before we meet Alice. In tbe meantime, she is well on the way to become a great, musical artist. But her voice, just on the eve of a public appearance, is lost as a consequence of an illness pioducad by the sudden death of her father. An uoule, likewise an Australian, hns died opportunely, leaving her a great legacy. So that the youog muaician is found on the resumption of the etory in an unnamed land of beauty, which we afterwards discover to be Now Zealand, living in such society us the place affords, under no anxiety about' her future, and able to write sarcastic nnd smart letters about all her surround ings. Among the persons whose acquaintance she makes is one Mrs. Austin, a clever but very colonial young lady who ejaculates ' Great Scott !' as a form of mild oath ; and who, married t;) a rich old man, takes ut- flirtation as a means of relieving the dulness of life. But there is vice in her conduut. Arthur Campbell turns up in this paradise, as the obedieni slave of Mrs. Austin, into whose life a tragedy enters, for she had unhappily for herself played with fire in his case. We leave readers to discover for themselves how the story progresses beyond this point. Thongh the author calls it a sketch, it is a very complete sketch. She writes of music as one who loves and understands it; of natural scenery with the appreciation of a painter ; and of people with clever delineation of character, human tenderness, and a culfcurdd sarcasm. The letters which Alioe Lauder indite3 to her friend in Scotland are delightful, as indeed, in a different way, are the many incidents which Mrs. Glenny Wilson has managed to include in what she calls a sketch. Alice Lauder is a wholesome performance, and comes very near deserving the title of a prose poem. The style is pure and there ia wit as well as pathos in these charming pages. Tho volume of the English Men of Action Series which we have in our list deals with the celebrated man who was, in the phrase of his presont bio grapher, the foromost soldier in England. Mr. Archibald Forbes is eminently fitted to write a Jife of Lord Clyde, and in his fine monograph we have every eBBential point brought out. Colin Campbell was born on October 20, 1792, and he died on August 14, 1863. Mr. Forbes tells how, by accident, at the age of fifteen and a half years, he was enrolled as an ensign, with the name Colin Campbell, though his paternal designation was Macliver. He was known as Campbell throughout the whole of his long life, till, after hie splendid service in quelling the Sepoy mutiny, he was en-' nobled bb Lord Clyde. The biographer exhibits his hero with sufficient detail and amplitude during his military career in the Peninsular War, in his home service after Waterloo, in his colonial 'orvice, and in the Crimean campaign. And he expands the narrative when he cornea to set before us Clyde in India, the cautious and far-seeing general, the skilful tactician, the beloved of his man 4*. Via rton/innt' nnm mr.** *3n_ {« nL.'.C ».U A U n A i-« subordinate military to political considerations in obedience to hia political hi-ad. The story is one the reading of which stirs one's blood, and one striking characteristic of the information we get from it is the comparatively small numbers of men with which our Indian Empire was 6aved. Skill and discipline and unswerving purpose won the day against hordes of rebels. The book is one which Englishmen will read with pleasure and pride, and ilr. Forbes has executed his tn.Rk mif-.Vi trroafr. taat-.p and accuracy. Thirteen Doctors is a collection of good short stories, by the author of Recollections ot a Country Doctor, which. we have not seen. Mrs. Spender has evidently made herself familiar with the phrase ology and with the experiences of the medical pro fession, and the tales in this collection are such as doctors might be expected to narrate. They are all interesting, though varied in their interest, the author evidently possessing a full share of the faculty of imagination. The medical aspect of life iB not too prominent : indeed in some cases the doctor appears merely as observer of a little drama represented as playing itself out under his eyes. In one or two of the stories, the agency of hypnotism is introduced to heighten the effect, and one is an undoubted ghost story, but no special effort is made to develope theories ' of medical treatment or to state psychological problems. Such reference as occurs to such problems arises naturally out of the plan on which the tales are written. Many of the narratives have a touch of the weird, buc, to wuipruaaLt) vuucio nave a LiarUUL ui LI UUlUUlj ctUll not one is dull. The volume is undoubtedly excel lent reading. . . The Burden of a Woman is a story in which traces of a stndy of Thomas Hardy, and of disposi tion to imitate Zola, are to be discovered. We could well have spared the realistic touehea which justify this criticism. Apart from that Mr. Richard Price has uiven the reader a very enticing book — a domestic narrative about homely natural people. The burden which the woman who is the heroine of the narrative bears is that heavy load of sad consequences which follow a lapse from virtue. But, when the story begins, Mary Redwing has succeeded in almoBtforgettingtheburdeninthequiet of the Welsh bolder village where she haB takes refuge with her child, and where her misfortune is unknown. She maintains herself and her little girl by dressmaking and washing, earns the gratitude of her neighbours who are mothers, by taking care of their babes on market days ; and, when she is introduced toU9 — having, as the author m&kes; it abundantly clear, been unstained in soul by her fall — h»8 pursued a sinleBS, useful career so happily for eight years that her gaze has acquired the regtfulness of nature after storm, or the peace of a land which war has ceased to devastate. The author tells no more of the catastrophe of Mary's life than is suggested in the following passage: ' The most ardent reasoning of a passionate lover who thought he loved, of hi3 passionate pleadings, of his hot vows, of a sacrifice which had been made to seem beautiful and noble, and of the making of which the love-child was the visible symbol ? of the lover's mistaking of desire for devotion, of the gradual cooling of his passion, o£ the shatter ing of the woman's ideal, and the pain unspeak able of her agony and shame.' But, as we have said, he paints his heroine as nevertheless pure in soul, and we have no difficulty in accepting her in that lie;ht. Yet the burden of her fate descends once more upon her. Sh« is comely, and she wins and returns the love of a worthy and well to-do young farmer, Peter Davidson. But in his stern creed he has no pardon for an erring woman, and exhibits the unforgiving side of his character when hsrefuses to re-employ a femala servant who has falleu as Mary had fallen. And the innate nobility and greatness of Mary's nature, is shown when in due time Peter asks her to become his wife, and she confides to him her secret and refuses his suit. But she has excited the jealcuBy of a farmer's daughter with whose favourable prospect of marrying Peter she ha3 interfered ; and the girl sets to work, also discovers the secret, and malici- . ou3ly makes it pnblic. Whereupon the sorrow and the shame which had been once lived dnw.n return to the burdened woman, to be however lived down again. We shall not indicate tne results of Mary's continued refusal of Davidson's Buit — a refusal duo not at all to a self-consciousness of unworthiness, but wholly to bis hesitation, born of the strain of puritanism in his nature, to recognise her purity and her value. The author presents the three chief actors in the drama — Mary Redwing, Peter Davidson, and the jealous Martha Bees — with a vivid portraiture ; but the numerous other characters who play more or less important parts are clearly outlined ; and the result is a picture of moving life and of natural men and women. The tale is all the better for not being over-elaborated. One of the pleasantest passages in it is tbat which narrates the delicate and loving womanly way in which the mothers whose babies Mary has tended indicate their faith in her, after the exposure has been maUe by the jealousy and malice of her foe. We hivo mentioned the blemishes of the work, but its merits abundantly outweigh them ; and, as a clever prenentation of character, the book is entitled to take a good place among modern novels. We have theea books, and two others which we shall presently notice, from Messrs. Macmillan, through Me. W. G. Lipscomb, of West Maitland. talk. It was only this evening, Iobs thanljL hours J since, that I was permitted to wear my owttpparel ;-. but I must eay I waa well and kindly ept^n to by all the officials while I was at Darlinghurtf How did yon come out? ' When I waa tol/to dreaa myaolf in my ordinary clothe3 I did bo prffr quick, and I thanked Mr. Barrie for convtfng me the good news; When I got to the girernor'a room and heard what he had to aay.^nd was - ? dhaken by the hand by gentlemen, I knew',; was at last shown to be innocent. Then I waB oaducted' by the subterranean passage to the nfcranco opposite the Sacred Heart, and vhere th'e was a carriage waiting for me. I did not loo:at the ? crowd, although I knew there was one tire, and ?? almost the second free step I took was thai made - in front of you about; an hour ago.' At tis stage Mr. Davis (the chairman of the r-.flnt;rftl mvmit-.hoiA . reminded Dean that time was limited, an if they were going to the hills that night they w«ld soon have to leave, as the train would not wait ;i them. Dean said he was ready, but before the'eporter took hia departure, he said, ' I am goinfto stay - with my good friend Konnecke when I coie backh and I hope I shall be at work on my old stwher on Monday night, as I am told my billet is wtiing for me.' . ? \ 