GENERAL BOOTH IN NEW ZEALAND. The War Cry writes with consider able employment of language a sketch of the General's touring. We fre quently meet with such sentences as these : — 44 According to the united testimony of all aboard the General's ship, the ocean raged even beyond herself, as though moved to wrath by some unseen power, and we thought that possibly the devil was incensed; owing to the tremendous reverses inflicted upon him in New Zealand, and, by some means, got at the weather clerk and influenced him, so that the General's party got a terrific shaking-up.' 44 After the tremendous smash on Sunday night it is not at all surprising to find that his exertions had. told some what severely upon the General, who turned up at the morning meeting very tired and a trifle husky. He was greeted in the usual enthusiastic fashion, however.' 44 Forgetting his weariness the General came to the front, the fire flashing from his eyeB and his big heart heaving with compassion and inspiration, as, openiug his Bible, and with his hands spread out like a second Moses, he led his people right into the land of promise.' 44 The audience opened out to the General like flowers to the sun, and his humor was irresistible.' 44 A GOD- INSPIRED ADDRESS. Every word was a God-inspired arrow, sent with terrific force, tipped with truth, leathered with love, but driven with the force of the Holy Ghost, with out reserve.' It is pleasing to get a side glint into the not much known operations of Judaism in our. midst, and this is afforded by the attendance of the Jewish Rabbi at one of: the gatherings. - 44 He said the work of. the Salvation Army, as regarded the help it extended to those in distress, was on the same lines as those adopted by those profess ing the Jewish religion. The mayor said the Army was doing more work than the orthodox church. He did not know which orthodox church he was referring to, but if he was referring to the Jewish Church he was entirely wrong. The speaker then gave instances of the work the Jewish Church did in relieving distress and rescuing people from evil lives.' 