[?] \- . . i ;o. - ' bt mssm Author < «Th» Ouatvi Uptnf," "Tbe Dot, CHAPTER XXHL — KEITH EX— i PLAINS. Mlss Willoughby was completely tak- mi aback when the party arrived at her house, and Keith introduced Gwen as his promised wife. Her mystifica tion was still greater owing to the torn state of the girls' dresses and hats,, which were mere fragments — not to mention the Cratches and braises with Whieh Hesther's face was disfigure &nd; the swollen and bruised condition 'bf their hands. \ " /'Now, . aunt, just Send. these ydtihg lidies upstairs 'to' lie tibmk for hrbtii>|e ; ojf hours; You nptust delay your dinner to-night, and- while therv "are resting I iWiH explain all. After that I must'Tide over to SeMme&bn; and set matters , right with Ms MeilleT said Keith. "Mrs Melville! Is she in it, tbo T Well, my dear" shesaijjL looking ad miringly Gwen, "justyou go and He down in my dressing-room. There Is a nice fire there. MissBl&ir; will show you the way, and if she likes she\can have the easy- chair." - As the two girls left the room the tront door-bell Tang, and Dr Lloyd was ushered in. He apologised for his en trance by saying that he understood from what he had heard that Mr David Hughes was mixed up in this miserable affair. 1 " He is, and I am glad you have Come, as now I can explain aH." Then Keith related all that had hap pened from the day when he became an inmate of the Manor House until 'that afternoon. As he proceeded, the surprise of his ' listeners increased, Dr Ltoyd frowning at David and Price Hughes' villainy, while every now and again the old lady relieved her feelings by such exclamations as "The wretch!" At last, when Keith had finished, she said : " Didn't I tell you, doctor, that your friend looked like a villain ?" "Henceforth he is no friend of mine," he replied, gravely. " No his friends are likely to be fe lons for some time to come ; and, mind you, Keith, those rogues must not es cape," said Miss Willoughby, sternly. " I am going to the poKee as soon as I leave this house," replied her nephew, quietly, as he rose. "And to think that hussy has been deceiving me all along — not even tell ing me her own name I I'll give her a piece of my mind," said the old lady. "I hope you will be very kind to her, my dear auntp as, but for her large- heartedness i m , giving Gwen a chance, by quietly yielding her name, any betrothed would probably now have been in an asylum— perhaps even In her grave ;£or it would have been lan easy matter to put Iter out of the .way, seeing that no one knew that she had escaped:, from the accident," said Keith. " You may safely leave the young lady in my hands. But only to think she took me in -so cleverly !" said Miss iWilloughby, ,with a chuckle. "What I are you going too?" she con tinued, as Dr Lloyd rose and followed her nephew to the door. , "Yes, I may be wanted." ' "Very well; but see you come back to dinner. Why, it's half past sir now, and six o'clock is my dinner time However, I told cook to delay it until eight; but you won't be back by then, Keith, so we will say half-past eight. Remember, doctor, cinders at half-past eight prompt, for there, won't be much else by that time." " Thank you;" and laughing at her brusque good nature, the gentlemen left the room. > Miss Willoughby. when they were gone, ordered the parlor-maid to tell cne of the chamber-maids to put a fire in. the best chamber, and then she was totinform Miss Ap Rhees that «he could idress there: T .... - " But mind you don't disturb them be- Jobea quarter toteighf," hbe safd. - - When Keith Meysesf left . his: aunt's' house he proceeded at . once to the poHee, Station, with the result that a couple of officers, armed with a warrant, started fate that night for Corwen, intending'to arrest the two Hugheses. Then, having nettled that matter, Keith rode over to Sommerton Hall, where he found Mrs Mdviile both. annoyed and perplexed at the absence of her governess. At first she was inclined to resent Gwen's departure; but on hearing that she was soon, to become Lady Meysey, and was herse£f of very ancient family, she became quite sauve, and said how delighted she would be to renew her acquaintance under the circumstances. Having arranged that Gwen's things Should be forwarded to his aunt's, Keith mounted his hbrse and 'rode back - to Domfingford. - " - Meanwhile, the two giris had been roused by Lucy, the jparjor-mald, fitrni the heavy slumbefcinto Wjhich they had fallen, and Gwei% had proceeded to the best chamber, while Hes tiier. wept to her own room, dn a £»w piinutes she entered Gwen'a chamber. . "I have brought you another dress. It is hot very graxLd. but you can make It do, and as our' figures are similar. It wffi ht pretty decency, I daresay." As she spoke HeSther placed a dress co the back ctf a. iair.- ... "Thank you. I see I shal£ nevr he outofyour "Nonsense! Wq qre friends, and that leavea no imjebtedhess." jnq?lied Heat her, ag she the room, without til ing Gwen that she had placed the only silkceown. sne possessed at her disposal. And without a regp&L; she proceeded to dre herself in a simple black, cashmere. . when her. toilet was com-. Pitted: returned to jg wen's. ipom. . . 'Ai yo\i ready?" she ddted, regard?. mngiyeheNfudlStee; which had vmrtunCftely escaped . wlthqi : a- serat£A or bruise. . : r '-'XeSf butI ever, so., much /too i grand. , ConfessLiiave ryou not given me " your best dress?" -:r 5 ; .. . . . ; . . : . ... "Never mind/' replied Hither, laughiz. But conae down, stairs with me, for I am expecting to get it strong : from Miss WHloughby, who bates de- coption of any kho.4' / "She must excuse it when it was to help anyone in suCfi difficulties as I was. But if you are to hiaroe. what am I?" said Gwen, asthey left tha chamber and proceeded to tne drqwingruom. Seated by the fire, dlsed in rich black satin, trimmed With point lace, and an expensive black lace shawl over her shoulders, was Miss WiHoUghby. As they entered she looked round. "Come here, young ladies; I want to talk to you." As they advanced. ie chuckled slightly, evidently enjoying their con fusion. /'Well, you have got a p<retty face, all scratches and bruises, Miss - — -5, Let me "see, what is your name?" she said, 'regarding Hesther fixedlyf but thete was something "in her manner that told the girl she was not so Vexed as she wished to appear. - "Hesther Baynes, at your service.' she replied with a sweeping bow which was not devoid of fun . "So that's it, is it? And what about Mr Smith, the veterinary surgeon ? Was that a' make-up, too?" she asked dryly. Hesther colored. - "I plead guilty. Miss Willoughby; but I can explainfthat a little/' Then she told hOw the person at the shop, on hearing that her uncle's was Smith immediately assumed that she alluded to the veterinary surgeon. "Oh, Miss Willoughby, do forgive her. You would haVe done the same thing under similar circumstances," said Gwen. "No I shouldn't; I haven't grace for it. No, Hesther Baynes, you've done what few women would, have dona You have gone out into the world friendless and characterless to help sfc suffering sister, and the Lord will- reward you in His own good time," she said, with solemn dignity. "And as, for you," she said, her ! tone changing, as she_ turned to Gwen, "I don't Maine you one hit. You. thought she was dead,. and you took the chance I which seemed- your hope of safety. But, hark ! there is the belL Now, don't blush so, if it is Keith." Then in a minute, as the door opened and Keith entered, she said : "Well, I've done striding these girls." He smiled. "They don't look very much disturbed,. And now, aunt/I wiH just run up stairs and make myself as presentable as pos sible." V ; When Keith re-entered the room he found Dr. Lloyd had arrived, and was chatting to the ladies. "Now, Keith, you take your Welsh lassie- in to dinner; and, doctor, you take Miss Baynes. .Don't mistake her name. Now, follow me;" and., leaning on her gold- headed stick,- which her gout still rendered necessary, Miss Willoughby' led the way tu "the dfningrcbfn. The dinner wasv.hoi . at all burped, cpok feaving «mhaged wlthwtonderful i skill, and the whole party: did Justice " to it. When the ladiea returned to th drawing-roomi the gentlemen accozn- pan£ed fliem. "It is such a glorious night, aunt, that' you might allow these young ladies to have a stroll in the garden," said: Keith, who had found out that they were not adverse. - "I daresay while you talk lovers nonsense to your sweetheart# The folks thatipass will tlllfik you are crazy to be promenading at ten o'clock on an Oc-. tober night." Keith laughed. "We won't come near the front of the house." "Very well; hut they must wrapjip. Etesther — I'm not gcSng to call you Bay- .nes; it doesn't comq so easy aftfelTBiair : — just keep your ee on that— couple. Remember, you are Gwen!s tdLaper- one." Laughing- merrily,, the gfrlq ran up stairs, and haying wrapped themselves' in warm shawls, Which they drew over theij? heads, they joined the gentlemen, and the four proceeded to the garden at the rear of the house, which Was large and well kept. As Sir Keith and Gwen strolled in the moonlight along the ' YS; but all tbesanie, Miss Hesther, it was reidly you who saved your mend; But for your defiganlned resistance she Would have been whisked away before We appearecL" "I did imy best.: Fortunately, I had that stick, whicbkl generally take when I g0 4t lonely walk. GWen had nothing to defend herself yrith. but she strug gled bravely. T<> tBSthe tfcdth, I begin to think some of zhy ancestors must have been pugilisth. for it seemed to come quite naturai to use the stf&k.;" i "I have no doubt vounave had fore-! fathers who could strike In the cause of oppression. . But, MiJs Hesther, I should likA to make a revelation now." "You I What secret can you have been hiding?" sh asked, merrily. Then something m the doctor's face, whijGflh the clear light of the moon re- vealedjade her caLSt her eyqs down. , "The sesaref I want to repeal is' .one I. have 'tween Ibiiging to tell yom Hesther, : I love and admire ypn bjeyond any wo man on earth. WiH be my. wife?" And Hes thir answered, in such a man-! her that the prosald dhctor f eit that he had suddenly entered. Paradise. After .a few minutes, he said: "Come, my dea««t; letusgolpto the house. I ifiust ask Miss Willoughby's consent, of course. I know it is not ne cessary; still It will be better# as she takes a strong interest in your welfare, I am sure." So, arm In arm, they returned to the drawing-room. "What! have you left the others out side?" exclaimed Miss Willoughby, as they advanced. Then something in the doctor's triumphant appearance and Hesther's downcast eyes seemed to strike her, for she muttered "Humph!" in a manner that meant much. "Miss Willoughby, I came to tell you that this young lady has promised to be my wife, and I hope that you ap prove of it," said Dr- Lloyd, in a manly straightforward manner. :So you have been making a fool of yoimself, when I sent you to look . after /that Welsh lassie? A nice chaperone you are!" % don't think I have made a. fool of myself," said Hesther, speaking with some decision, in spite of. her blushes. "Of course you don't; but you have. Here you might have settled down to a nice, quiet old maid's life with me. I'm good for another fifteen years, and by that time you would forgotten such follies, and I would have left you well provided for. Girl, you've lost a chance." But there was a merry twinkle in; the old lady's eye which, belied her words. "Then I've lost one and taken an other, "Hesther replied, demurely. "So you're in Jove with her?" said Miss Willoughby, turning her attention to the doctor, who was watching her with evident amusement. " Yes ; and I am sure you think I have good taste," said he, quietly. " Hum ! Yes, she does look handsome just now." " Oh, Miss Willoughby V And Hesther's face-grew red and her eyes fiHed with tears. " She does— far handsomer for the: scratches she gained in " defend tag her friend. Don't you think so, Miss Wil loughby ?" said the' doctor. . The old lady; laughed/ " No, I don't ; but"— and her face be came serious — " I honor , her for what she has done. Yes, Dr. Uoyd, I do approve of your choice ; and if Hesther thinks she will be happier married, then she could not have chosen a better man." " So you've come," she said, her voice suddenly changing as Sir Keith and Gwen entered the room. "Here's- a nice mess— a couple of pairs of lovers on my hands! Weil, well! You 11 have to get married Soon, Keith ; then I shall have one pair less to look after," " So that's it f said Sir Keith ; and Gwen and he congratulated the pair. "After aS, fts a good thing you came here, . instead of going to the HsdI," said Gwen, as she kissed Hes ther. r - - GHABTER 30£IYl-ON(UON. When Brlce Hughes heard that/Gwe« had beeatL-rescued, and: by whom — the driver of the carriage had recognised. Sir Keith ami the doctor — he? knew that be was defeated; and -that nothing remained but fiighL So be took the first train to Liverpool, and on arriving there; Bt once secured a passage in a vessel bound for Australia which sailed the next day. He had taken the precaution before he- left home to, withdraw from the bank both his own money and all that Rowland Ap- Rhees had left, and with Bank of England- notes to the value of twelve thousand pounds securely hidden -about his person he had felt safecusyen if cacumance went against him, He yould have liked to embark at once, but that whs impossible until the cargo Was on board ; sb he put up at a second-rate hotel. But, quick as he had been, the officers of the law were 'on his track, and as he was quietly enjoy ing his breakfast the following morn ing, and thinking contemptuously of ' David's consternation when he found " that all had been discovered, there came a tap at the door, and a detective .nte|',;follqy;;;by5- . a,. ; " You are my prisoner, Mr Hughes, " j teald: feiecfiira ' ?/' ; " That Is not my name, i am Ralph Hind marsh," he said, coldly; " Very well, then- you can eaJ5& prove It; but you must come with rriet- now. Now, then, Is it to be done quietly, or by force T "I'm no fool ; but I should like to finish my breakfast." "All right and the officers waited while Price Hughes finished his meaL : Then, in spite of his protestations against <Jhe . indignity, he was haxtd cuffed and conveyed to Donningford) where he was securely locked up. At the same time that Price Hughes was being made prisoner, two other of ficers of justice arrived at the Manor, where David had again taken up his abode, leaving his uncle's clients to do as they could. Ever since Price Hughes had gone into Yorkshire he had been drinking heavily, and on the night succeeding the attempt to cap ture Gwen he had sat drinking all through: the loUg hours, and when dky- light appeared he .Was U at - r His housekeeper %ftd begged ; of -him . to take a cup of -tea; but he had dtfvlii her. from the grooms with - oaths and ciirses. ' When Gie policenrien arrived, they found him in this state, but as soon as his eyes rested on them he seemed terrified, asking in a, frenzied manner what they wantedr In reply, one of them read over, the warrant for. his apprehension, which he was too drunk to understand ; but he gasped the name Gwen, "and ft drove him nearly frantic. "I didn't kill her! T tell you she ran away and got smashed in the aCcfr dent !" he said, evld:ently thinking that he was accused of her murder. " Now, come With us qUietly," said one of the officers, persuasively. " No, you want to hang me. She's always haunting me, and saying I shall be punished, and the old chap looks dreadful at me. Ah, there they are ! She's looking ever so sad, and the old man's chuckling. He thinks ; you're going to hang me, but . you never ; shall. Curse hiin ! TU murdeh .. him, / ghost as he Is and," with, a horrible Oath, David staggered towards a corf ner of the room, striking out fiercely. " No ; he's . gone. He's behind me Curse him !" Then a chase after the . imaginary ghost began, the drunken man stag gering and striking and, striking out, while he uged the most horrible oaths and imprecations. In vain the officers tried to quieten him, and at last he ac cused them of helping the ghost to dodge him, and turned savagely on them. Then a fight ensued, and as the offi cers at last succeeded in slipping the handcuffs on him, he foamed at the mouth and shouted like a maniac. De spite his struggles, he was forced into a conveyance, which was driven ra pidly to Corwen, wheye they took the first train. ' But .before they reached their journey's end it was evident that their prisoner was really mad ; so, in stead of proceeding to Donningford. they took him to Leeds gaol, and in a few days he was moved into the County asylum. - Thus the very- fate he had fried to force on Gwen became his;, and for the rest of his life he remained a violent madman. . In. two- or three days after his arrest Price, Hughes was brought up, charged with inserting, a #clauQe in Rowland Ap Rhees will contrary to his instruc tions ; also with attempting to confine Gwen in an asylum; and, finally, with attempted abduction. The case was . sent to. the. assizes which were then commencing# and within a week sentence was passed, and Price Hughes disappeared from his fellows to enter a convict prison, where he had: to serve avterm; of seven years. Gwen wished to intercede on his he- half, even though she knew he deserved his punishment ; but her lover Would not hear of it. As for Dr H<fidswmt&, he earns out blameless, s o faf as any conspiracy wan concerned ; but the judge plainly indicated that ha thought, the doctor had not fhe necessary abilitr for-his posh ThiSj and the feeBng that he had! though tanocently, beeif accessory te so great a wrqBg, niacfe at-onde dispose: of his establiahlneBt fo another doctor# Who Stodd igh/as a IqyeciafiSt In disease 6f the minp. Dr HoWsWortK then rbtired, with- aibple znazta'fo- fead - the lif of:a5rountry gentleman.- i ' : —As for the poor girl who' Tested wtth Rowland Ap Rhfees, GwezT decided' thfirt" she must remain. Dying, she had un consciously helped her, and Gwen felt that it would be cruel to grudge her resting-place beside her father. Just one week before Christmas there was a double marriage at Donningford Church. Still, it was only a quiet affair; but Gwen and Hesther — - whose scratches had now disappeared— 'm&de; very bonny brides. Tim former, in deed, was lovely, while Marian Holds- worth, as Gwen's bridesmaid, was very look, upon and so Hie- young : Squire, a friend of Sir Keith# who acted as heat man, seemed to think. Thq two bridegrooms looked perfectly happy— so happy that; Miss "WIUqUgh-r by chuckled, and said that, after kll, marriage was not such -a bad thing when you got the right party — a vet diet which the newly-married folks 'en dorsed. It had been settled that the" hard working doctor and his bride should have a week's sojourn In the South, ; Gwenwere to.-j3iiiefriti ' #@old ; #qn»:; fifths were to be Ibeht :1- : : Gweii's old home.. .. ; b H was the iday after thelr/arrfval at ..fhe- Manor, and tkey were walking ; acrosS the fields tvhich led to the stile where they- had tot met. "Bo, after all, the prophecy has come true.(i I have had trouble such as r«n<B to, the lot of few women, and I have married an Englishman," said Gwen, half sadly, and half smiling, " Yeq, It has come true, my princess but l think it would all have happened just the same if that ancestress of yours had not uttered her : dismal . fore bodings. .... But here we are at- the stile, and I want you to sing the words you sang when I first heard your sweet voice," said Keith. $ Shilling and blushing, Gwen lifted up her voice and sang : " Stay, stay at home my heart and rest. Home-keeping hearts are happiest ; For those that wander they know not where Are full of trouble and. of care. „ ' To stay at home Is best." As the last words died away, Keltk put hiArm round her and drew her td him#: '/; - ' - ; ';" . . . ";Yp\ir heart Is at home for ever, safe ihpay keeping," he said, as; he kissed her 7 and Gwim whispered.: " Yes." \- « TRE END. 