HISTORY OF THE PALLIUM. To find out the origin ard history of the pallium, with which his Grace the Archbishop of Adelaide has just been invested by proxy in Rome, we cannot with certainty go back beyond the fifth century. For the historical form of tho vestment the earliest satisfactory example is probably to be found in the cele brated ivory tablet of Treves. This monument of Christian arfc in the sixth or seventh century represents, it is supposed, the bringing of the relics of the Passion to Treves at the instance of the Empress St. Helena. It is related in ' Historical Papers' that two figures seated side by side in a. chariot hold up rjetween mem a casKet biiaptu mte a reliquary. Their dress is distinguished from that of the other figures in the composition by one notable peculiarity. A narrow band or scarf runs loosely rouud the neck of eacli, one end of which falls from the left shoulder, while the other seems to be thrown behind the back. If it were not for the markedly ecclesiasti cal character . of the carving in which the head of the Saviour is seen adorned with the nimbus looking out from an upper window together with children swinging thuribles, and a large cross in the hands of a female figure, it might be supposed that the occupants of the chariot were consuls arrowed in the loruti. But all the surroundings suggest that in the two figures should be recognised bishops wearing the pallium. Representations of the pallium are also to be found in the mosaics of Ravenna belonging to the sixth and seventh centuries. Litsrary records supplement the information which has been derived from the monuments of Christian art. John the Deacon, writing in the ninth century and describing a contemporary portrait of St. Gregory the Great preserved in his own day thus speaks of the pallium he is wearing : — ' A narrow pallium falls from the right shoulder and nassos over to the left, drooping below the breast in a semicircle. One end is thrown back over the left shoulder, the other hangs straight down froih the same shoulder, not in the middle of the.ibodv, but at the side.' By the beginning hi tnu tenth century the pallium had assuiuedkubstantially its present sliape. It was a collar lirith a lappet in tho centre before and a. lappet {opposite lie hind. The pallium was first heard of as a dis tinctive ecclesiastical garment in . the West in 3i-l. The Liter Ponlifxalis states that Pope Marcus in that year conferred the. pallium on the Bishop of Ostia ; afterwards frequent ex amples ofj early popes be6towing the sacred pallium were to be found. Wt. Gregory bestowed it upon several bishops, amongst others St. Augustine. That the pallium was to be obtained only of the Roman Pontiff, the Vicar of Jesus Christ, was acknowledged in the general Synod of the Franks held in 745 under the presidency of tit. Boniface ; that it Hymbolisfcd ..the fulness of the Pontifical office is attested bv the words of the eighth General Synod in 870. When the archhisTiop elect jietitions personally he proceeds to the Pontifical threne. After the conclusion of business, accompanied by a consistorial advo cate, and kneeling, he asks the Sovereign Pontiff for the pallium. The words of the petition are — 'Most Holy Father, I. N., elect of the Church of N., petition urgently, more urgently, moat urgently that thqre may be conceded and transmitted to nieja pallium taken from the body of Blesseq Peter, in which there is fulness of Pontiijpal office.' It is not possible from the defective nature of the records to pronounce with J confidence how the connection between the pallium and the fulness of pontifical office was first estab Ksho-d. From an early period the woollen bauds which the Pontifi was to confer as a mark of his confidence and affection were laid for a night upon the tomb of the holy apostles prior to being transmitted to their recipients. Thecerornonyof 'watching the pallia;' (Vis/Hare pnl(ia) was performed in the middle ages by the canouE of St. Peter's, and was observed with considerable solemnity. Tho sacred pallium of to-day is.' narrow band of white wool iiiade in the form of a circle, and adorned with six black Maltese crosses. It is v.'orn over the shoulders, and terminates in two lapjjets, one of which hangs oil the breast, the other on tho back of the prelate. I The ex tifcuiities of the lappets consist of thin sheets of lead (cased) in black silk. Every year on the feast of St. Agnes, while the choir are sing ing the antiphon, Siaidits a de-.rctris ejus agnus iiivc candidior, iu her church in the Via Nomentana outside Rome, two white, lambs are offered at the sanctuary rails by the com munity of Lateran Canons Regular. The lauibs are placed upon the altar, blessed, and presented to two canons of St. John Lateran, who take them afterwards to the Pope to receive his blessing. They are then given iuto tho care of some religious until the proper time comes for shearing them, when their wool is taken, mixed with other lambswool, and woven into pallia by the uuns of the Convent of Torre dd ijpccc'ni. Early on the vigil of Saints Peter and Paul the new pallia, are laid upon tho altar in the covfessio of St. Peter's, the crypt in which reposes the body of the apostle. By a constitution of Benedict Xlv., issued in 1748, they aie to be blessed if' possible by the Pope himself after tho vespers sung on the vigil. When the consecration . is com pleted they are not now, as formerly, taken to the sacristy until wanted, but they are left in a silver-gilt coffer in the closest proximity to the tomb of the apostles, that the words ' We confer upon thee the pallium taken from the body of blessed Peter may be verified as literally as possible. The Pope only inav wear the pallium during solemn mass onfall occa sions and in all places, because he has been raised to the plenitude of ecclesiastical power, signified by the pallium. Patriarchs, primates, archbishops, and all others who have the privilege of the pallium, are not allowed to wear it as they please, but only within, the limits of their own jurisdiction, on certain days, and only during solemn mass. It is not used during processions, or at masses for the dead, nor outside the church. So strict is the rule about the burial of the pallium that even in the case when an archbishop is drowned at sea and his body cannot be -recovered, it is provided that hi6 pallium is not to be given to his successor but must be either buried in the ground or burnt. When the pallium is conferred outside Rome the Sovereign Pontiff appoints one or two bishops for the performance of the ceremony. It is delivered in the cathedral of the arch bishop-elect or in some other church of liis province, if more convenient (unless necessity require another course). Mass is first cele brated. After the communion of the cele brant the pallium is placed in the middle of the altar wrapped in its covering of silk. When mass is over the bishop delegated by the Pope approaches the altar, wearing amice, stole, cope, and mitre, and takes his seat on a faldstool. The archbishop-elect, clad in his Pontifical vestments, as if for the celebration of mass (except, however, mitre and gloves), then kneels .before the bishop-delegate and takes the oath of fealty to the Holy See. The oath having been taken the officiating bishop, wearing the mitre, takes the pallium and places it xinon the shoulders of the arch bishop-elect, still kneeling at his feet, saying — 'To the honor of Almighty God, the Blessed Mary ever Virgin, ana the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, of our Lord Pope N., and of the holy Roman Church, as well as of the Church of N., which has been entrusted to thee. we deliver to thee the pallium taken from the body of Blessed Peter, in which is the ful ness of the Pontifical office, together with the name and style of archbishop, that thou mayest use it within thy own church on the appointed days, which are set down in the privileges granted by the Apostolic See. In the name of the Father, and of tho Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The days on which the pallium can be worn are as follow : — Nativity cf our Lord, the Feasts of St. Stephen Protomartyr, and of St. John, Ap. et Er., the Circumcision, the Epiphany, Palm Sunday, Maunday Thursday, Holy Saturday, Easter Sunday, and the twofollowingdays; LowSunday, the Ascension, Pentecost, the Feasts of St. J ohn the Baptist and of the twelve Apostles, of Corpus Christi, the Feasts of the Purification, Annunciation, Assumption, aud Nativity of the B.V.M., All Saints, at Solemn Mass, on the occasion of the dedication of churches, the principal feasts of the Metropolitan Church, the ordinations of the clergy, consecration of bishops, the bless ing of abbots, profession of nuns, anniversary of dedication of principal church aud of his own consecration, and the day of the celebra tion of the Provincial Synod. 