HER THREE LOVERS; OB DELAUNErS DEBT. SUUKABT. Eilf Loftel, who has asinmed the name ef EUley in order to inherit some property, "i* trivelling with Bve. his bride, to Paris, for their hoaeymoon. Lieutenant Boyd, of the American navy; an- old- lover of -the-girl follows them, and* oaaiea his -arrest fer evasion of military aervioe. Two yeara pus. The reader is introduced -to Robert Delanney on the -Bivieia. He is a rioh Englishman who had made the acquainttax of Lieutenant Boyd, and borrowed money tram him. His bnsiness suddenly fails ud leaves him a pauper. Compelled to repay his debt, he determines to risk the lut few pound n he oan call bis own at Monte Carlo. On the way to the station he he meets a new friend, Balph Eldey, whom be hows as a private in the French army, and as " Kalf Loisel," under whioh name Eleley has taken service. Loiiel gives DaUnnoy a lonis to pat on at the tables for him. The unfortunate man lose* his own little capital, all except one lonis. Playing with Loliel's money he has a run ef look, and breaks the bank. Is the money .he has won his own, or Loisel's 1 CHAPTER VH. Ii brief bat la soma munar deelsiva. When Delanney opens his eyes again be finds an attendant bending over him with a glass ef water, whioh he seizes feverishly and drinks dewn-at a single breath. Beviving immediately, and coming almost at onoe to the conclusion that there is not the smallest rearon for bis sndden despondenoy, a meaning smile passes across hia fue, and taming to his companion, he says, calmly: " It ia nothing, my dear Hiss Hawthorne. Please do not be alarmed. The beat of then rooms is enough to upset anyone," and, in epite of Her eagor -eatnatiea,- be refases -*to lewe his seat, and begins to play again as if nothing unusual had occurred. This externally; but internally a tremendous storm has begun again to rage. Poor Delanney 1 • Look at it in whatlight yon will, regard-it from whatever standpaint, it ia an intricate -ethioal problem that he has to decide, for there haa come to hia mind a genuine doubt "whether, »fter all, the ooin iia threw on the table -ms- notbia own. " I oeitainly meant to play--again before Wit," Delanney decides, setting forth the maibilities of ~ths ease -before --him'fwftfa ttnot impartiality. Them he.^begina to tiak: _ "Was I playing for myaelf,' -or -waa- And oan find no answer. One moment he -feel* oertain thaV the win was plaoed on the oolonr Graoe Etwthorne had ahoaen f or Loisel -aad-ai hb cpedil wish; the next—««If it were natural; is tome measure, to credit what we desire 1e be t~na he repeats to himself that, if he Juilort, the losstwoeiibave been-hisown; aid by this owning line of argument Deluney sndeavonrs "to regard "the actien ie oontemplates as right and honourable. Half-oonviDoed; by-this xeaaaring.r«i<l detamined to MngjiimissU^o *he-b«Urf«t *h»tew oosVhe-pasaea.bisiiand aoress his *yes at 41 bewildand iy the* conflicting tmotions. Then he quietly {eels 4nbis pocket, produces a loais, and lays It on tbeeilonnipon atich he haa already staked 5.000-frBjioa. ' For the first time Biooe the' oommenee^ meat ef hie extraordinary rnn-of lntk, how- •nr, he loses, Knd-atthl> momeat theolook •trikes, and the croupiers' push -baok their cbiln. Collecting his vrinnings wift k "tremhlii^[ hands, Delanney moves with "M iss r Hawttorae towards the door, passing with the throng of worshipers 4ram'4hr flhiine. toe Golden Image, with a feeling of »ome. thing like shame, into the ealm^nd peacefnl beauty of the night. The problem le still on hia mini;it haa tlmost become exasperating. Shall he give hit winnings to Iftnael or keep them T He nmst dsdds one way or the^ther. And cannot. . Appalled by the nirgr ltT " ,n the .orime that ne oontemplates—for in bis heart of he&rte; he hdieves now it is a crime-—he as terrified by the thought of the depth of minry that awaits him as the •ltemitive. , Together they pass through the moon-lit gardens, and descend the long flight of steps to the little station outlined against the silvered sea, and as Hiss Hawthorne rests her hud on his arm she is surprised and Mf-alanned to find it trembling.: CHAPTER VUL ta Tthich n tragedy ooonrs, and the rsadar Is l«ft te vhat he likes. A delicious winter's afternoon In Pro vmoe. Kot a olood is to tie seen, not a brMth-ot sir U stirring, and a golden base shades*he c r eun- like purples of the dlstanoe. • , At« slow trot two horsemen are approach ing along one of the broad white moaatalr roids, which, blasted in the^aoUdtfae^w tlis rock, and leading to heights ths&apMar;' tmoeedble, »re still the finest lathe-world, sndmomoments to Napoleon's akiU-as _an engineer. Fh»m one side of tbeipasMrtu^ tie travellers an following 4haautt* rooks «w> precipitately, withnnwoessiojBall^— pint and bnkm jtorift^*^, oth«_a low atonal aSotfaJtha«nly pro. teotjontrom a narrow ohaamjsthraaghJwhidi & turbulent moan tain stmmurnsfanwtrith tremerfoua force, awakenfagar.iha.wnd - »aong thearigSfefinaMcaf : Across appear* ooioparaUueiy«asy,juid -hundreds o! stunted trfnes, cgrowlng at considerable distanoeapert,f eeemto shootout from the bare 'faoe• of -«the mountain, • and -to daw theirnocrlshment from thicrnmbling stones: A sodden tarn In the Grinding road brings tharxiden in sight of the little.Alpine village .-art TmOogue.witfc white -walls -of and red i roof a, looking almostdsexlingin the iHaronf theaiidday win, BoBi Zinseland Delanney (forthe reader hasnodoubt neoognised -thorn) drew Tein Bimnitaneonsly. and, after - a moment's' oonraltation, decide to leave -their .bones bore, and, if possible, to obtain something in the -way of lunch before' Tentraringnp the monntain, which, on acoount ot the unusual d angers it efftrs, hiB been made the object of their expedition. Tirelogns - in £loee proximity does not fulfil the expectations-of Tirelogue in the distance, and both traveHeranotioe this as theyturn down the cobbled street Externally picturesque, the village on cloear inspection, proves neither better nor worse than theavarage cluster of houses on the -mountain-side,- where cleanliness is seldom a prominent characteristic. The dwellings themselves are hnddled together and appear deserted, whllethe only stables to -be found are - in a dark cavern, -with neither a window-nor any -vis'Ue means of ventilation of any kind. " When<Jod-created Frenchmen it can never have formed part' of the Divine intention that they should have asytbing to dovrith horsea," observes Delanney as they wa'k-back together towards the inn. This remark is prompted- partly by a secret wish to draw some retort from Lois el which will reveal iis -nationalitr.but the othermerely laughs and ««ys nettling. . ' A small table with a marble -tip and twc rickety legs stands in the shale against tie wall; and this Delanney drags into the miaau • the istie«t.> for'.thei-aake of warmth.- -Their appoaraooe"CSUBei some K<tle exoitemenb among .the browr-faced peasants. A handful "of-school-children stand round and watoh them eat; an old vooa&wemnga; bine-bodice and-a faded yellow kiitle, with'a distaff tliruF-t in her fceltroomee-to the door of her cottage and looks round in mild surprise. ' faoe. und r the bright kerchief whichXB bnnnd rcund her ears, is wrinkled and tanned until it resembles parchment Her thin; grey hair ie iwept back from her forefceadriier black-eyes sparkta - Inajnte of everything, her teeth -are regular «nd«s white those of a iangbiag 'girl ? of twenty. Wbem the old curi passes -in bis flawing cassoctvandvaises -bis- hat to the stnrturerB;- she oonrteeaes • and nods j - the spindle rotates more rapidly "thBn r PTer, and the ' - Snow-white' collar "roaeHes cheerily. \- AU these things photograph themselves vividly tm Del'nney^s brain -with a distinctness which in after life jnakes it'iicpnssib^e ever to forget the smallest detail ^ that afternoon and all that -is to follow. For a long tame not a word has passed batween the two comrades. Both appear lost ia fc^ eir own reveriee. -Jjoieel is thinking of Eve and>how «he-wonld iave-enjoyed being there, - while Delanney's thoughts are centred on his companion. Three OT four times he -casts a furtive glance in his - direction, and evidently makes np his m'nd to tpeak. but the words refnee to bs attend. Every--minnte his: mailed agitation increases, and two greatcircles burn on other cheek. " Iioisel," be says at last, in huiky voice, bending over the rickety table, "I am a coward, an4 very nearly something worse.- I ought to have told yon before. In faot, i am utterly ashamed of myself, althoneh I daresay yon will forgive me when yon hear all the pros and com ef the cue. At fronts ei quaranle yesterday " Bnt biB companion interrupts him with a gesture of impatience -and-annoyanoe. ' Oh, for Heaven's Bake! leave the Casino alone for half an hour," he exclaims, in that impetuous way which has oftpn made Ddsoney think he cannot be a Frenchman. The thought of the hot, "airless rooms, the suffocating sense of tension, the click of the coins on the green cloth as they are raked towards the xronpieni, tbe clock- like precision of the dealer, the flushed excitement of the .winners, and 4he pallor of those who ought to stop t»nd - cannot, the oeaselesB tide of human passion that -ebbB sndfiows joundtheitoble—the thonghtof all this is usbearsMa' «t «nch a moment whe* thtey are eommnmng with Nature in one- ofiiei>«oftest«spect£.t . ' Debnuey is cstnni^^ to 'tha^mok by <the other'BL- toBa-^f ^txmtOTpt,--twhiAtyerhats conveys a deaper mtaning than Ijoisel i«- taids. He draws himself np to his foil height, and Bays, in • rafter an injured voice— "Listen. Loisel; I most tell yen. 'Yesterday, at trenU et quarante " The soldier clasps his bands over bis ean, and ahkfces his head and smiles. - •• No. no. Not now.V ploase," he interropts with a laugh, and then- with' a prodigionsyawnfce itarts to his feet, and puts ah end to the conversation by preparing to renrw th«ir journey. Possibly Delanney is secretly glad of the l mpite, for evanaMnrJie is not quite sure that he is not .doingianore'tiian anyone else would do ^ironmstmses in banding this mocey, wbiDh he wants so desperately, to a • man^-whoseonly claim depends on thBtbooghtstiiatWEre'paBsijig throngh his mind St a certainmcment dnr^ ing the- previous avoning.-. It waa *:nice question at all«vents/ and :«me on whioh it was diffioult»to eayrwhere the^man's [ obligations began <*nd-where they ceased. | and yet Delaun^^isheshe hadgotit.fi hie mind. A few houra latertteae «ddly-consorted oompaninnaTa»»g«tandhnr-iroped-Aogether almoet at the- annanit r of 'McwintX}niton, the maetfararidaMe Bnowmonntainin the: southern range of the Alps. A magnificent panorom»fcas-opened -up b°fore -them. P'om the cwildness ^and' nandeur of the glistening^heights. on which they stand, the eye wanders to the sombre browns and-y<>llowsx>f the smaller mff1t«*»hl ^fb^wiaiimia^eitaly below them which ultimate!* meltinto the greys and ^ceens of the"? pine-iovered" elopes -npar Tirelogne—and the olive trees gasping for ai)i"ath of-air-on the-eunward-^jeiraoeg.- Behind them, in striking contrast, is one ot the nuN* beantifrl rights of the world— the enow4apped-ansts of- the'Alps eharply defined andnst the brilliant bhieef the sky> while -far to the aoutii 1 ntretches a thin Hlmmeringline of -aea where'the' Mediternnean, withoht a -shudder or ripple x>n its mrface, Jles-n«otidnlsss -uniler the burning heat ofthesnn.- ' -Highsr and -hlghsr the - two - explofrei* when Delanney, whose mind is still fnllwf Usown unfortnnate pmdicamssrt, ia suddenly wtartled iby m-bamm ery behind him, and on turning juund. pwoaives feat Joiiel hM iost bis -foottngjandas srtrnggling ^ I ^ ^ I f c o W ^ W t a l k l n g rtontJheaaawatowwJiWi and njnposed to experience, and when! he eaW thU^thw eatisfaotion-of aeeingea revtow«t one's We befoname died woridie wratt rther acoeseorie. of the Jart^chapter^-the third volume. Delanney had ttonrtfe^g only yoniraiirl&itry;^«fmyvamm, „ pat me ontof* vesy emksi isssiag position. And now, before he-amiable to do mora than throw himself backwards, tte wretohed maa as if In answw»to'his-wish Kirta sndSsn d^totta»«id.falls while DdnaseyUrf- ^jf u almost awept off bhrfeet. fhn J<rnb«i i issase i fcad Jint^hu imewiam the rope raUxed^-way^^ds ht taiBS,^istag-and taUing^in ipalnfullyvilalngvis-sadenaeti—d r sninsuididn A ^T-wr-^ . Throwfag^jimsdf tiiegronnd he peen «agwly over^theedge ofthegiaotsi prai^iM. and4h»aaght «Utb^mslits eye is«aough to nuke the atantert-heart tnm «oId. Loiael- is auspendadin mid-air, grasping with both hands at the twigs of a little bush which grow-hoiitontally eut of the faoe of the rock. An -extraordinary-* change liasname over the yonng aoldior's f»oe, - whldi U thrown baok - with a look of the most -A wfnl «gony. Theblaok J eyesare-;dull- with.borrori-the teeth tightly blenched, -and !the ^lipr drawn b»ok, giving a gh»stly eiprwNOn-to -^he Taoe. Inapite of all .the -other's -eSorts-^uid Delanney-is now exerting every-musola^o aave bis friend—Loisel -feds th»t iheitwigi are^alipping through:.his .butningajSngeta second by-seoond.i--He nuikevaneffort to obtain a fresh grip with one hand^and fuls., • The fragile, willowy--bonghs sway np an" down? the air seemi to out right through his body ; his cap has fallen e^and reveals the closely-cut hafayrwhiah'"seems -to emphasise the deathly pallor that bar overspread-his faoe. Xn this - moment of mental and-physical agony Time's barriers are vanquished before the .first revelation of eternity, and through, hia terrified brain rashes a piotnre of his lifewith a vividness whioh makes every detail out into hia heart,, and- whan he-thinks of Eve wrings from his tortured- lips a cry mors prolonged and awful than before. And so he hangs. Onoe he looks down, and nearly bints. Below, a hundred -feet of -apaoe, and then abed Ot jagged .bonlden, on which his oap is lying like a Iittlfr-blaok -speok in the dls- Witha shndder he rabes 'his head, and begins to watoh the boughs tearing throngh his hands with a onrioos iaaoination. To hold on muoh longer is impossin^ ' The next instant his arms drop helpless to his aide and the whole welght hanga for the first time on the rope. At this Delanney loses his footing and ahoota- f-inraidfwhile :a «ry «soapaa hu-Iips.. A heat like a burn come* "over -hitn, J and he - exerts every mueole and stnow iof hirbody until the thonght of the confession whioh U still unmade almost paralyses him. . Nearer and nearer the edge he is dragged. The treacherous ground offers no resistance His hands are lacerated by the rope. Ncthhg nan save-them now antoss— These is still one way In iwhioh he may escape the torrible death -that atarea him in the face. -A moment before he was halfwishing Loisel was dead, and- now,-whether he wishes it or not, he must -eitb« cut the rupe or follow him into the great hereafter. • In the oritical citnation in which'Robert Delanney is, when every effort is concentrated on the endeavour to save his friend, ooaurs onee more the unbidden thought that Loisel's death, whioh now aeema-inevitable, will be nothing ahort ef a godsend to him. - The effect of his grnsome reflection is te spur him to greater exertions out of very shune. Bat time is short now; - Another moment and he mnst- either sever the rope in selfpreservation -or allow himself-to be dragged over the precipice. And still he hesltatae. because this man's extinction is greatly to bis own advantage, and to be even the nnfcilliog instrument in hastening his approaching doom seems unpleasantly like an aot of deliberate and-preconceived-murder. Slowly.'in spite of. his strenuous exertions, he is drawn towards 4he -verge—nearer and nearer! t" Struggling with might and main, straining every sinew ef his' well-knit body, flinging his whole weight-again -and again on the rope, he feels his strength giving way,, and at the same time becomes vaguely oonscious that Loisel is calling ia a voloe that seems far away ud indisticct. Poor Elsley l What mnst- be his feelings as he finds hjmtmlf sinking Inch by inoh f Hia head has fallen further baok; his hands beat the air; lie tries to shout, and each time comes nothing bnt a dry rattle rasping his burning throat. ; "Eve—my darling Eve 1" he gasps. - The suffocating increases and drowns his words; he struggles for - breath, twisting -and contorting Us body in the grim fight with an unknown power. There follows a rush ot blood to his-brain, and next a new seme of sweat serenity that eoftens the maddening horror of the--situation. .-He no longer shrinks irom the fear of being daahed to a thousand pieoes on the rooks, for the terror of death is lost in the hope of the hereafter. Gradually he sinks into unconsciousness ; then for one moment-all .his-power-of thonght and voloe and reasoning oome back, and in a clear, sharp voioe, that rings like steel in the frost-bitten air, he shouts— " Delanney, save yourself 1" Faster and-faater he dropa t And calls again— " Dalanney, cat the rope ! Out the rope, or I will!" The edge of the precipice seems further and further away. A cnrlons singing sensation rings in bis ears. His head, clear a moment before, swims faster and faster with a grating sound like gnawing teeth. Red and green lights raoe one another before his syes, and then purple, and then—blaokness. ; There is a and den gleam of steel-in the bright •"""•» The body of Private Loisel rolls over and over, bounding throngh spaoe with headlong somersaults. His com' panion, crouching an the perilous brink, sees the sdi very blade of the knife racing him in his aerial flight, and, smiting his hands to his faoe, reels backwards and becomes insensible. * - * The - ana-' is - already shining over the summit of the -mountains when Delanney Taisra himsnlf from his etooping position and glanoes round as if hoping that the tragedy ' would prove nothing more than-a/fearful flight of fancy er a fantastic dream.. I . A soft glow is stealing over thalandscape staining the sparkling snow with :a crimson shade. The blue sky is fad Ing- Into slate, " d W . we* seems aflame,^ikeV goldifledkediakeef fire. The stiliness is iPPxreasiM ? the- thought of death snore awful ia? the«bsenoe «f every sign of life. ^ A terrible sense of loi^Bess ocmcs -over Delanney as he stands ,Unsttt-^«ratdiing the aiiifHng scenes of- r^aHrgLwhere a moment before another "wa'S^wside t-him. And at the recollectionaaf4hU. delt -whltdt it is now beyond Ida power -to —unless he oan discover this poor -f ellcWs relations —he feels himself a crimfwsl,-ianrl ahndders. > Meohsnically he beginsito loosen the fragment of rope still fastenedfnonA'Us waist, and while he is engaged-rJn-4Ms--inaimer.be Is startled out of his reverie iby -bearing a low ooagb, and, swingingronnd,"^iscevers a man standing almostitat -bis ielbow, 'who, judging from the expi wslisi najiis faoe, baa evidently been a-witm CHAPTER II. In which Eve oomts mpon She some. Five years have paaaed- sinoe<tbe«ntaln rose on the first aoene of the'littie drama. It is Deoember tnoe ijiki. A^aU,*-ehe» • fft^mim, "baynfcwrlatin nfonr Bi^^iiA climate. Three winters have come and gone in dreary suooeasion slnoe Eva— ead, aged, wan—a mere shadow of her former self, beard the sews of her husband's tragic end. , , The tempestuous storm of grief 'to whioh ahehad given way was eo vloleot and prelfmgedthat the doctor began to fear for her Sii.uli, and detecting Eve's love of horses and<iof riding—the one -amusement in the world thatatUl retained an interest for her • "managed tnpiieiiiilin exercise. And this be did by .half-forbidding it, and <was rewarded by aeringthe roses oome baok ito her cheeks, bar jsym . brighten, her step •regain«ts old etas&utyr; for In these depress log wintry days Bve had takenito hunting Tsrenty milsa^rom home, In an nnknown oonntry, with a jaded horse and a thin soaking .-drizzle faUing/ ^ The -prospeet-ls about as: miserable --and—nnenticing as it BatiVd<£>e,'aBd L 4{vet -whot<lins^>eent<in>iths Saddle all day, beglos-te riiiver .audibly.; ; ^To make matters worse, darkness is oom Ink on. The wild < Sumiy^ uplands^over ' absja rfdingjan^auffial^y iputriiag^ fW^WlaMffKt-pfef have been f""HI»r with every dump of trees and every thisket from' their- childhood. Almost in every dozen yards anew turning looms through the mist, here plunging into die blaokness of the heath- woods or leading through a maze of gorse-^gauntand unoanny in the fading light.—There-is nothing to guide her whatever; ' Stoh sloping traok of grass and sandy path is like the other, and to follow its winding course might bring her baok again to her starting-point without her knowledge. The spectral shadows of the trees dipping dismally on to the bed ef leaves' beneath, the pongent odour of theaoaking bracken, the damp, earthy «mell of sodden turf and' desaying-vegetation, the dreary, monotonous cliok of her hone's: hoofs, as the poor creature splashes up to its fetlocks in the mud, add to the depreningj «ffeot >and £he mysterious feeling of solitude. Occasionally a startled rabbit odarts across the-horse's path, nothing bnt its white tall visible, or an owl, uttering its weird, unearthly cry, throbs past ghost-like in the unreal atmosphere. ' Eve is not the person to be nervous,-but ehe is tired and etiflf, and Jk little blt cross, and the thonght that she may wander about all night without finding a way out of this labyrinth Of undergrowth, or emerge on the wrong aide -of the country is anything but oheerfnl.' Something of this is in her mind, when by-and-bye she beoomesoonsoioos that someone Is following her on horseback, and does not know whether to be relieved or alarmed. ; As the footsteps oome nearer she ventures a look-over her shoulder, and althongh nothing'but the bare outline ol horse and rider oan possibly bs distinguished in the gathering gloom, Eve in her -mind's eyes aeea at onoe a handsome, sun-bornt faoe and a pair of honest blue eyes, a rather decided set of features, with a small grey moustache covering the t^per lip, in a vivid manner rather startling to her own-oomposurc. She knows nothing in the world about this man, except that - he rides as a sportsman-should, and hu unoonsoionsly given her a lead.a'l day over-a atiffiah-llne -of country; but, as he apDroaohes at - an easy canter, his -proximity affords her a Bense of protection <that may, or -may not, be sufficient to account for a suddenly' heightenedr colour that makes Eve look more -like -her eld self - than she has-done-ainoe - her widowhood. Jos tat this moment something unexpected occurs. This broad sheep walk that ahe has been following turns suddenly, and brings her faoe to faoe with -a gipsy encampment, before which a hoge fire is burning ohaerfuliy, and throwing a lurid, unoanny gleam across the tort The eight is sufficiently unexpected to startle even a wellbehaved and thoroughly weary horse, and with a snort of inquiry the little bay plants ber forefeet resolutely, and is equally indifferent to aoothing..caresses .and several sharp outs from Eve's Malacca riding crop. Now all this, whioh is very disoomforting to our-heroine, apparently causes a good deal of satisfaction to the gentleman who has been riding behind her, and now oomes upon the plotnresque soene, which he promptly deolded would make an artist's fortune. The ruddy glow, whioh is thrown out in a broad circle from the crackling legs, falls on a grotesque group of men and - women drying their steaming clothes by the fire, and spreads a brilliant stream of light to the ilunging horse and the graoefal girl, who is eaning forward In her <saddle and doing her best to coax the frightened animal forward. : After, watching-the uneven straggle for a fewaeconda, -with a smile of quiet amusement enbiafacey-thesiew-oomer, who bears an nnmistakeable resemblance to Mr Robert I)elanney,irides np to Ere and offers to lead her-horse-past the object ef its aversion, and is rather surprised so receive a oourteous but very derided " No, thank you," in response. Mortified at her want of success, and halfindignant at the. implied -lack of faith in her powers of horsemanship, Eve is determined not to give in, and after another short fight she <is rewarded (thanks partly to the sidmirable example aet by Delanney a hunter) by taking- the horse within a few feet of the fire, and the next moment finds herself safely on the other aide. Time has dragged heavily with Robert Delanney ainoe the soene described in the last chapter. A great many things have happened. Bet, as men will, he has borne it all srithout an outward traae. In the first place, It was only through the fortunate evidence of the peasant, whose apparition on the mountain-side had startled hlm from hit misery, that he had been able to dear tiim««lf from the charge of foul play to the satisfaction of the French authorities. It was as well for him, perhaps, that naone unable to read his heart knew what he had to grin by Loisel's death. He had paid Lieutenant Boyd at once. That was inevitable ; but he had taken an oath then and there, that every penny of the money he won at Monte Carlo should be handed over to poor Loisel's relations. This, however, was easier eaid than done. Week after week cped by, and still he could find no trace of the soldier's history, except that he was born at 11, Roe deB Champs, in Paris, on Octibar 3rd, 1862, andi bad tried to evade conscription. Of his family not a word could be heard. Nothing daunted, he determined to move heaven and earth till he fonud them. He waa .in a position now to repay the whole, for the spirit of investment had smiled on him in the city. And the debt weighed upon him uutilit became a burden almost too heavy too bear. Now that the terrible strain was over, he saw dearly that the money belonged to Loisel. Nothing in the world conld have justified his intention of keeping hiB winnings on that memorable night in the Casino. He had behaved like a coward, and -the shame and misery of it all filled his heart. Robert Delanney was -a man of selfcontrol. But whenever he thought ef that terrible moment on the Alps, when Loisel's body had been dashed to atoms oa the xnckB below, he felt a criminal, and thought that-all the world mnst know. Night and day the picture haunted him. His conscience tortured him incessantly. At last be began to look upon himself as Loisel's murderer. In his heart he had wished the great catastrophe to happen—and almost before the thought was formed the end bad come. He was suffering as all men snffer when they most repent. He tooki his punishment like a brave man irifond; and some relief in the task hfc ihad < set ^ himself, but nothing could lebaen the weight. i'A]l'!hlS'>tnterests in life• eeemed absolutely xsmehed. He eodld never know what it wss to be really happy again until he hadpaidhis debt. At<last 'he had- come to England. A friend J of" Laical's in the - regiment had beard -him talk' of a wife who was left living somewhere across the Channel. Who could tellthat he might not hear of her, if he tmly *went on Beaiobing- und saaxofaing." . ~ Thie evening, for the first time for many alongday^hiE meditations bad-been taken oat of the gloomy groove which had become quite habitcal to Delanney. Little does be goees that his pretty companion is the one person in the world who oanbring him relief. For how in the world waa he to know that Loisel's name had once beentKlsley. In the meantime it has been growing darker and darker np on thoee Surrey wiia-. The rain -begins to pour in torrents, and a strong .wind is nowji weeping in great .gnats across'the woodlands. - Delighted with her-achievement, Eve now turns! to Delanney, and after thanking him Jrith charming condescension for lis 'proffered assistance, begins talking in an way on the prospects of the hnnting 6 season- and other congenial topios, wbileihB bteses jog along throngh the mixer glad, 'aa.hoiB6S'alwayB"-are, of ^"Tbave not thedeaat idea where I am," observes *ttra'SUley» r M they draw np suddenly where* broad•white road internet*. *hei*eatfc,aiidieems totendraC iu-three< ^STSrectioa, ' p x M 1 * whioh is the neareBt"way to Meadowcroft F" Headowcroft 1" echoes her oompanion, in evident Surprise." I" Why, it is fifteen miles from here,*a I know to my Borrow," and-the next moment, something hejsays leads to the discovery that for the last three weeks "they have been staying practically next "door to one another,-and, yielding to the enchantment •of the honr,- both ate secretly glad T>f the pretext for continuing .their iile a tit*. [It is later on in the evening, when they hive halted for a moment on the crest of a little'hill, and-the-lights of Meadowcrcft appear in a wooded -hollow before them, that Delanney discovers that something is wrong with him. What in the world, he wonders, can there be about this girl which sets his pulses beating so fast and his heart throbbing against his side. t An indescribable something about her manner, an inscrutable depth in her merry hszel eyes, the bright fascinating way of speaking, the constant flow of fresh ideas, the straightforward ring- in her hearty child-like laugh—that is all, and yet he feels that he, confirmed old baohslor that he i>, has met his fate at last. And -Evef Well, her thoughts are in such a tumult that she does not oare to analyse them too closely. Only she-knows that life has begun anew this evening, and when they reluctantly part at the Manor House gates (for it is -here that Eve is staying), and Ddlsuney -suddenly takes the little gloved band - she holds out--and raises it to hiB lips, he leaves -her with a bewildering Bense of happiness which she cannot quite understand, and makee her go about for the reetof the day-on wings. Now. this bring so, dear reader, yon may bs sure that their first meeting was, by no manner of means,, the- last.- Aud long hefore the winter months slipped by, or the hnnting parties.broke-op in the houses at Headowcroft, a complete understanding, had been arrived at between them. _ For some weeks <the joy of their-new. found love seems as if it oan only-grow stronger, and cement their hearts closer, together. A new world has opened before their eyes, a new life has begun for them, when one -bright frosty morning.'Eve caves an anonymous letter,-every-word of rrhich inflicts a wound'- upon her-heart, which ehe- feels 310 power 'in .Heaven 1 or earth oan ever beal agaim- : It is written-on a single «heet-< of paper in an unknown ^band/but >£he words which blur before her eyes-andanske*her away backwards with, a piteous- cry "are -plain enought— The man yoa have promised to mar is your husband's mwdertr.'" (To be Continued.) 