“£!)£ Hlibcrtiser” (Published every Tuesday and Friday.) Be Just and Fear Not. Tuesday, August 6, 189-5. Xote.—A report of the local land | board, held on Tue-day, and garden | calendar will be found on our fourth | The Weather.—Tiie heavy and con I tinuous rain which fell yesterday 'rill prove of immense benefit to the crops, and especially the late sown wheat, of which there is a very Large area sown in this district. Now that the back of the winter has-been broken, and the days are spring-toeusnre a bountiful harvest.' ?o mote it be! Character.'—Mr Adcock gave an en tertainment entitled “ Character’’ in the Wesleyan Church on Tuesday evening to a crowded audience. The Kev. B. Brown presided, and the Wesleyan choir, under the leadership of Mr Wiseman, gave very material assistance in- enhancing the en joyment of the evening. Mr Adcock handled "his subject .in a very masterly fashion, and succeeded, without apparent effort, in riveting the attention of his listeners during the whole of the time he was speaking, while frequently be had them in paroxysms of laughter, with quaint anecdote or some wholesome truth dressed up in humorous garb. He ana lysed character in its various aspects, and specially dwelt upon those of its constitutional elements which it was de sirable to cultivate and improve. The remarks of the speaker were pregnant with powerful and original thought, and the scathing way in which lie dissected the false from the pure called forth the frequent and well-merited applause of the audience. Mr Adcock is certainly one of the most able and entertaining lecturers who have spoken in Shepparion, and we shall be very pleased to welcome him when he again visits us in February All Nations Carnival.—This event, so long looked forward to, and in the pro motion of which many of our towns people have for the past few weeks been so industriously working, will open in the Star Theatre to-morrow evening, when a most attractive exhibition is promised. The fire-brigade and band will march in proce'sion throagh the main streets at half-past seven o'clock, and the band will play for some time in front of the hall. Musical selections, tableaux and various attractions will diversify the pro ceedings, which are expected to be of an cxceedineij' interesting character. On Thursday evening Mcsdames Sutherland and Abemctliy have arranged to give the following tableaux: — “ Marley’s Ghost," Queen Esther," " Psyche before the Throne," and “ Statue.” Mr Pick, secre tary, and the committee have left nothing undone to make the theatre on the occasion a temple of attraction. Football.—The team to represent Shepparton in their match against Tatura on Wednesday next at the local recreation reserve will be chosen from— Burns, Bray. Barnes, Cooper {21, Canty, Crawford, Dudley, Dawron, Fnrpby. Hehir (3), lief ford (3), Morgan (2), Nixon, Newby, Msrchant, Canham, Yarrow. Boss, Simpson and Trewio. The above are requested to meet on the ground at 2.30 A Want Scitlied. — Mrs Miller has opened a servant.’ regiswy office in High street, next to KeiMy’e store, and as she has had considerable experience in the business, those in want of servants, or servants in quest ol situations, would do well to consult her and save much incon venience. Shki’Fai’.tox Sub-Treasury-.—Accounts awaiting payment:—T. Allen. F. T. Croft (2), W. C. Cole, C. Doyle, W. Fuller, J. W. Florance. Gotilliurn Valley Vine Asso ciation. E. Gninane, J. Gibb. S. .7. Little (2), M. A. Marchant, W. .J. Miller, J. Murphy. D. M'Lean, W. Maskell, .7. O’Shanassc-y. E. W. I'.itey, Shepparton Shire Council (A. Whitehead), M. Timothy (3'. J. Wilson (2), J. J. Wright. Wesleyan Church.—Wc learn that the organist, Mr Wiseman, is arranging for a concert to be held on Wednesday, 21st August, and are sure that, with the assistance that will be given to him,it will be a treat. There is to be a coffee social in connection with it. A Local CossEKVATonr.—Mrs Nickin son, of Crumlin Vineyard, Shepparton, who is a regular exhibitor of ['hints at the lore 1 shows, is likely to d wlope that bn;, h of ornamental plant miture more largely than in the p -t. A intlum-e. a present from a relative, n is • oi erected, and this will enable c’u ice t epical [dilute to be grown the yen round The Gmjl burn climate being rather warm, many flowering stove plants can be kept in bloom throughout the winter, at which season their flowers are greatly in demand ElectofiL.—Mr W. E. Sumner, of Congnpfta, haa been appointed electoijal regiitrar for the Tallvgaroopna division of the electoral district of Numurkah and liathalia. and for the same division of the j Xorth-Eaflcni Province, in succession to J Mr J. P. Whitfield, who is about to leave Til’.yo-iro pus., under tran.-fer. Kialla M I.A.—The Kialla Mutual j Improvement Association met on Thursday evening, the subject being Bible-reading. I Visitors from Shepparton and Pine Lodge were in attendance. The Eev. D. Porteus conducted the class. The pOrtion_ of •Scripture under discussion vras the first chapter c! St. John, baptism being the subject engaging particular attention. After the latter part of the chapter had teen read, the chairman threw the 6uhJ ct cp-T. to discussion, inviting comment on any porti• n read, bat directing particular attention to the “subjects for baptism,” the “ inode” having teen dealt with at a previous meeting. No time was lost duriog the meeting, the chairman being !-esirged with a storm of questions, which ccrtsinly « ould have disconcerted one less conversant with the subject in hand, but which in this instance only served to show the strength of the position assailed. The secretary submitted a syllabus for the remainder of the term, which was adopted with one alteration. The order of meet ings wid fce_as follows August 13, question-box; 27. lecture, Kev. 1). Pot teas. September 10, essay. Mr R. L. Hovenden; 23, Band of Hope October S. debate ; 22, Bible class. November 5, essay, Mr R. Wallace. Miss R. Hillier and Mr J. Pithcr were appointed to fill vacancies on the committee. Ladies’ Benevolent Society.—The usual monthly meeting of the above society will be held this afternoon in the Shire Hall at 3. when a full attendance is re quested. Grace's Channel.—A deputation, consisting of Messrs G. Gordon, M. Grace. A. B. Mason, Cavenagh, and Harris, waited ou the trust yesterday, and asked that the engineer be per mitted to take the levels of the district between Cronk’s school and Mr Grace’s channel, with a view to constructing a channel to supply that portion of the district with water. The deputation would like the levels to be taken as soon as possible, so as to admit of the exca vation of the channel being gone on with before the dry weather set in. The engineer said that he could not possibly undertake the work right away, but that he would be able to get it ! under way after the elections. It was j pointed out by the deputation that the channel would pass through the pro- , perries of Messrs Cavenagh, Gordon, j Nickinson, Mason, Fraser and Grace, j and would be a great boon to a large | number of other property holders. The i chairman said the trust would do all it could to meet the views of the deputa tion, who thanked the trust and retired. It was subsequently decided to proceed with the work at once. The Pic Sales.—A correspondent suggests :—Now that the period of wet and slushy roads has arrived, the time of beginning these Saturday sales ought to be altered to 12.30 sharp. The hurry-skurry there is to get the after noon’s shopping done is quite noticeable, and I have no doubt the extra half-hour would be turned to good account. It would not injure anybody. Entertainment. — A visitor from Shepparton writes us-At Nathalie, on the evening of the 31st ult., there was a concert held in the local hall in aid of the People’s Leisure Hour Club, when there was a crammed house to listen to a long and interesting pro gramme, all the items of which were splendidly rendered. It is impossible for me, a stranger, to particularise the various performers, but it will be interesting to the Shepparton people and lovers of song to hear of their old friend Mrs Geo. Vinge. This lady was uiuuu.,,1 evidence, ana coutnoutea largely to the success of the evening’s proceedings, as besides acting as organist, and sometimes, with Miss Hilet, as pianiste, she rendered two or three numbers in a most artistic and finished manner, and after her last song (with clarionet obligato by Mr Roberts), the roof rang again with the applause. Mr Vinge is also to be complimented upon the successful maimer in which he managed the programme and business generally. Art-Union.—At the meeting of the Agricultural Society on Saturday, Mr Gibbs brought forward a proposition to hold an art-union in connection with the society, for the purpose of disposing of the various trophies presented to the committee as prizes, and from the pro ceeds to pay all the prizes at the next show in cash. After a long and careful discussion the proposal was unanimously approved, and all of the members present signified their willingness to take a book each. It is arranged to issue 5000 tickets at Is each, and as the committee number 100 members, there should not be much difficulty itt carrying the affair through successfully. The holders of tickets, too, will have a fair chance of winning a prize, as the trophies are numerous and are valued at over £200. 