MOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. The people of Albury—or rather the section who gite in their adhesion to single tax prlnciplee-had a fairly pood dose of their favorite panacea on Friday evening, when Mr. Hirecb once more endeavored to show that the depression would disappear and everyone would be made prosperous by (be Imposition of a land tax. Tbeee apostles of Henry Georgeism •Are so delightfully cock-sure of their facts that it is almost a pity that they oannot be e forded a free hand just for one year to try their scheme. In tbe course of Mr, Hirsch's lecture the dreadful customs duvies necessarily bed a very hard time of it, but It strikes ms that iu one or two of the frightful examples quoted the lecturer laid.hinuelf open to criticism. For <ximple,»pe»king of tobacco, with a view to Bbow the sad way in which the poor man was robbed for the benefit of the rich -man, be said the conBumer of a sixpenny plug of tobacco smoked 4i.woittiof duty and SI, worth of tobacco, whilst the man who could afford to iadulge in a eiipennv cigar er j »yed 41, worth of tobacco and only SI. worth of daty. Now according to Mr. Hirrch's own argument, the man who makes moat wealth is the greatest benefactor to the country j so the deduction is unavoidable that if the cigar. man earned his sixpence be (« presumably the more wealthy man) was entitled to moreconsideration than the other. Bat there ie another point which Mr. Hirssh overlooked, The plug m*n would H <W » wpity te&g; <0t?| and a half, so that his fine for the privilege'of emoking would be only about one penny a day. Tbe cigar man would probably consume four a day at least, and hiB contribution to the revenue would be 8d, per day. * * * . Another fallacy in Mr. Hirtch's address was discovered in the oft disproved assertion t^iat labour (in the sense of manual exertion) was the only creator of wealth. So clever a man as Mr. Hlrsch mlght have given a little more liberal appraisement of the value'of brain power when he said that no man could create wealth to the value of a quarter of a million. I will take only one example to show the blunder here committed. Ia the case of Thomas EJiBon alone we have a man who has rendered to the world seivices which would be underestimated even at many millions. This great factor—the difference in th'e value of men—Is always overlooked by socialist agitators, and it inevitably upsets all schemes tor the reformation of society by hard-and-fast rules of a communistic character. A hundred years ago there was no scarcity of land in Australia, and the whole country was practically available to any who had the pluck and energy to take it up. Such men were found, and in all ranks ot the social soale, and they went out into the wilderness and became shepherd kings. Other men, -with the same natural opportunities, drifted into the condition of loafers and worse. What happened then will ever happen whilst the world lasts. If every acre ot land in Australia were tomorrow equally divided among tbe present inhabitants; if the cost of government were defrayed by an annual grant from the British Parliament, in lesa than twenty years there would be, if not so muoh destitution as now exists, at least so large an amount—and that among the persons thus specially subsidised— as to prove Indisputably the vainness of all attempts to legislate againBt the instincts of the race. * * *. So long as there are sober men and drunkards, clever men and foolish men, thrifty men and unthrifty, industrious men and lstty men, so long will there ever be a certain pro* portion of the world's population rolling In riches and a certain proportion verging on starvation. And if one man is worth to himself, hiB fellows, and the country SO times more than another man, it is only right that he should contribute to the common fund more than his less gifted fellows. 8apposing in a email community this contribution took the form ot labor at some communBl work for one day„jn the month. Suppose, further, that there "were three giants in the population, each of whom could do twice as much work as the average man. Would it be fair to let them off with half a day's labor ? It certainly would not be fair. Their atreugtb would be their "natural opportunity," and they should be compelled to put in each their full day. So with wealthy men. They have bad greater natural advantages than their compeers, and should not be let off with tbe average eontrl* bution to the cost of communal government. * # • A new idea has been started in connection with journalism In the old oonntry, as witness the following advertisement :— LATEST NEWS WANTED,—JOtfBNA" LIST WANTED whe can supply quickly by telegraph latest important political and non* political news, founded on fact, to a Newspaper Office. Apply, etc. In these depressed times, It would perhaps be hardly appropriate to suggest anything in the way of what it has become the fashion to term " drastic " reforms in tbe conduct of any commercial undertaking. Novelty, however, is always attractive, and it would be interest* ing to note the effect of a general adoption of tbe new policy in Australia, It would ( tit Course, be a risky experiment for certain news* papers to limit their statements and their <|jm* meats in the manner suggested. Perhaps the readers wouldn't like it. In that case tbe re* suit wonld be as disastrous as the venture d! the London dairyman, who started to supply genuine milk instead of chalk ani water. The customer?, unaccustomed to accumulations of cream on the daily penn'orth, o'j cted to " the nasty yellow scam on the trip." L1PPON DAIFIJC. Mining at Bulgandra.-°-A report frota Bulgandra states that a promising reef hM been found by T. G.TSvans in the Balgandra horeS paddock. Standabd TTTFL—The post cffice clock was put back five minutes but night at mid* night, under the new regulation for adoption standard time. Tfia Municipal Elect-iIon —All arrears ot rates must be paid betore voting at the muni* cipal eleotion. The council clerk's office closes at 1 p.m. on Saturday. *Tbansfbb of Licesbb —CH Tuesday V transfer t,f license tor the George Hotel WM granted from James Daon to James Martin. Mr. J. Wilkinson appeared in enpport-oi the application. " . Mining as Black Range.—A report reached Alhury on Tuesday to the tffiftt that an alluvial claim on the bank of the Black Binge creek was turning out very well, the wash yielding 16Jwt. to tbe tub. The Wakqaeatia Election —On Bat«jr. day last tbe E ecnons and Qualificationsgjsi« mlttee dismissed the petition of Mr. JT. fi. Batters, and deytared that Mr, Bowaar had ^ACXSG AT. BEECHWOBTH —AN excellent race programme was adopted by the H.AC.B S. of Beechwortb at a meeting held last week, and as the' general arrangements are in good bands there Is every prospect of tbe meeting befog u complete success. SPECIAL CHEAP EXCUBBIONS—The Rai? way Commissioners announce ibat a special cheap excursion to Sydney will leave Albury at 6.30 a.m. on Friday, 8h February, the fares from Albnry to Sydney and back being 50s. first-class and 25J. stc&nd-clasf.; The tickets will be available for return by ordinary train until February 22nd. THE INDUSTBIAL MUSEUM—The Minister forEiucation haviDg intimated his intention of viaiting Albnry Oil Wednesday next, it hau been decided to arrange for the format opening of the museum in its new quarters on that day. The collection has been nicely arranged, and now includes a large number cf articles given Since the removal from Dean-street. NEW MUSIC.—We bare received from Miss Sylvia Blacktton, the authoress of the " Eruba WaUz," noticed in the Banner a few months ago, a copy of the " Qreenoaks Givotte," which, in its way, is «qually meritorious The melody is pleasing and original, thg time well marked, and the composition as a whole is op to a very- creditable standard of excellence. ANOTHER HARD UP SHIRE —At the last meeting oi the Beechworth United Shire a motion was carried that tbe lighting of the street lamps be discontinued after tbe present month. A petition is in course of signature by the ratepayer of Beechworth for presentation to the next meeting on the 1st February, protesting against the abolition of street light- before the question has been given full and Sng fair consideration. THE ANNUAL RACES.—A meeting of the committee of the Albnry Racing Olub was held on Tuesday evening, to consider whether, in view of the lack of interest displayed by mem' ben, it would be advisable to proceed with ar rangements for tbe annual races. It was de cided ultimately to hold races on 18th and 19th March. It was also agreed to alter the rate of subscription from two guineas to one guinea, with a view to enlage-the basis of membership. \- BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.—A large meeting oi ladies was held on Wednesday, with a view to found a permanent Benevolent Society in Albury, there being many cases of destitution now, and a prospect of more daring the winter months. The promoters, desiring to make It general and unsectarian, the meeting was adjourned to 4 30 on Wednesday, 6th February, at the Council Chambers,and means were taken to secure as far as possible The attendance of the clergy, and of the public generally. MINISG AT MULLENGANDHA.—Concerning the rumour mentioned in our last iesne to the fffeot that payable gold had been discovered at Muliengandra, we find upon acquiring that the statement was a little exaggerated. Messrs. Adams and Crowley, the two proprietors referred to, have been testing some ground on a reserve neat the properties of Messrs. Cheshire &nd; Daley. They have sunk to a depth of 60ft., and bottomed on a stratum of wash dirt, from which some nice coarse gold has been obtained, do far, however, their olaim cannot fairly be desoribed as payable. THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT SUB-DIVISION.— A good deal of adverse comment has been called forth by tbe inclusion, in the proposed •ret for Corowa, of land right up to the boundary of the Albnry municipality. It Is urged that if this be confirmed, Albury will auSer materially, as the interests of this town «nd Corowa in tbe matter of road construction •re not identical, and a shire having its Leadqaarters at Corowa, might not be inclined to attach due importance to tbe necessity cf keeping tbe approaches to tbe Federal City in proper repair. A little too much, however, has been made of tbe matter, as nothing will be determined until the Municipal Council has been consulted. MB. COWLEY'S . PICTURES.—A competent judge ef art, with reference to Mr. P. Cowley's paintings now on view at Skinner's Gallery, has tbe following :—" Attention may be directed to the extremely accurate drawing displayed In all the horses, and the very difficult Attitude in which he has choBen to pourtray •Did Snowden.' Ia 'Patron' the bright chestnut color is very cleverly obtained, which tnay also be said of tbe black coat of' Gienloth.* The firm strong neck of * The Barb' Is beautifully brought out by well-balanced shading, and In all Mr. Cowley's horses he has Carefully produced the delicate lights on tnusoles, & % Mr. Cowley's gilt for animal painting is shown most clearly by the satisfaction he has given several gentlemen for whom ha has painted portraits of favorite bones.". TBE CHARGE O? EXTORTING MONET.—At the sessions on Wednesday the case of William Smith, charged with attempting to extort money from Dr. Mathews, was set down for hearing. His Honor Intimated his intention not to deal with the case in any way. Ic had been bis duty some time ago to sit as a Royal Commission On this cue, and he bad expressed a vety strong opinion upon it. It would therefore be a most improper thing for him to try the present charge Had he been aware before leaving Sydney that this case was to be tried, hewould have arracged with another judge to take the Albuty Court. As ft was it ««uld- teat with the Attorney-General to determine whether tbe prisoner shonld be tried before another judge or at another court, Mr. Wilkinson desired to apply for bail, but his Honor said hewould decline to deal with *he mm it» any way. later In tbe day the m a w fw m t m i t» nwrt wartjfo cordan ce with instructions from the Minister of Justice. Bail was allowed in one suret? of ,£100. MOONLIGHT CONCERT —An entertainment cf an entirely new description to Albury will be held in the Botanical Gardens on Tuesday evening next, B.h inst., when the local Orchestral S cciety will go through a vocal and instrumental musical programme. Tho entertainment is in aid of the Albury Bxycle Club, the members of which have spared no exertions to make it a success, Several hundred tickets have been sold, and it is hoped that those who have not purchased tickets will contribute handsomely at the gates, and that the " button, lead washer, and copper coin" brigade who are usually preaenl in large numbers at this Eort of an entertainment will be conspicuous by their absence, or will sneak in over the fence as they would do if the charge for admission could be enforced. We have seen the programme, which is ft capital one, and all the best instrumentalists and vocalists in Albnry are giving their services. The members of tbe club intend to hold a bicycle parade in D.'an-street the name evening, starting from the post < ffije at 7 45 p.m, when a large number of wheelmen, Including a tandem pair, will be in evidence. " THE FBEE SELECTOR."—We take the last opportunity of calling attention to the performance this evening, by the members of the Albury Dramatic Club, of the new comedy. "The Free Selector," TbiV pi»ce, hem tbs pen of the author of " Robbery Under Arms," will be the snlject of special interest, as representing tbe first attempt at dramatic authorship by a writer who has been notably successful in other walks of literature ; and if " R»lf Boldrewood's" play is only half as good as his best novels, then the comedy to be performed this evening' should take a high place in public estimation. We have not seen the manuscript of the piece, but we understand that the plot turns mainly upon the difficulties encountered by a selector in the " seventies," in his effirta to carve out tor himself a bnme npon one of the great pastoral holdings. The task of the hero is rendered more delicat° from the fact that he falls in love with thecqaatter'e daughter. After a host of adventures, the young man ultimately manages to get his land and his yonng lady too, eo that everything winds up satisfactorily and in ecsordance wish the traditions of the drama. The various characters are well represeLted, and there is every, reason to believe that the play will receive full jastice at the hands of the company. The proceeds of this play are to be devoted to local charities, and should therefore, be well patronised if on that account only. The evening's entertainment will conclude *ith Maltbv's highly amusing farce "Borrowed Plumes." Tickets are obtainable at Mr. T. F. Hughes's music de{6; at 2'. and Is., and double tickets at 3*., which will admit to front seats either lady and gentleman or two ladies. THE MATCH'S DILEMMA.—The burlesque operetta " Tbe Mayor's Dilemma" will he performed at the Mechanics' Institute next Thursday evening, and in view of the ol j *ct to which the proceeds are to be devoted, and to the interest which as a local production the piece has aroused, a bumper house may be regarded aa a certainty. A large number of our best local amateur musicians are included in the cast, and they have gone into the rehearsals with so much spirit and industry tbat they cannot fall to succeed. A brief sketch of the plot was given in our last issue,and it is only necessary to say that the music is well fitted'to the words. It was In the first instance intended tbat the whole of the musical setting should be original, but it wassoon found that tbe task could not have been completed In the time available. Mr. D ivis Sims therefore, after writing two very pretty numbers, decided to eelect the other malodies, and in pursuance of this purpose he has levied upon tbe works of some thirty different composers, with the result of securing a larger proportion of bright, catchy melodies than could reasonably be expected in any single production of this kind. We may add that incidental to tbe operetta is an amusiog exposition of epiri'ualism, a most realistic spook being produced under test condition", tbe rigidity of which precludes all possibility of fraud. If It were for this alone the performarc? would be entitled to the hearty support of the publio. The provision of a real bona fide up-to-date ghost, is calculated to supply a long felt wantin Albury, and the enterprise of the conductors in securing tbe services of such am apparition, cannot be too warmly commended. The burlesque will bB preceded by a varied concert. Tne plan of reserved seats is at Hughes's stationery shop hi Daan-street. The priceB of admission are 2*. and but a fee of 61\. extra ie payable on reserving particular seats. THE BURGLARY CHARGE —At the locti police court ou Friday, Ah Num and Ab Chock were charged on remand with burglary. Ah Tuck deposed that he was a storekeeper curying on business at the Chinese camp ; Ah Num was a resident of t be camp,and Ah Chuck lived at Mungabareena ; on 6.h January witness lacked up hin thop and went out after 9 o'clock, remaining absent till a quarter past 10, when be found tbe window of the room leading into tbe ebop ftoken ; the wfodow was protected by Iron bars, which had been pulled out; a box in the room bad been broken open, ransacked, and Its contents In notes, silver, taken; about £40 had been token altogether, fncluding notes, sovereigns, and sliver; two gold rings, a silver watch chain, and a piec< of gold bad also been taken j dieting produced and the piece of gold produced were part of lbs stolen property, but « bad 9ff WM* ft was in witness's possession ; witness saw both prisoners in tbe c∓ on the night .of tbe robbery ; nixt mortirig witnefa noticed w.mo marks oh a paling fe; ce at the rear oi the store, where two people had climbed over the fence into the yard of Messrs. Mate and Co. William Whitely, in the employ oi Mr. Blasbalk, deposed that he bad purchased 5dwt. of gold fiom Ab Num on 18 h January for 20a. 61-; the piece produced was the same ; prisoner said he had booght it at Beechworth for 30B. from another Chiosman to make a ring. Thomas Tvreedate deposed that on 5th January he was ia the Chinese camp and heard of something that had occurred ; before this he saw the two prisoners at the c-.mp, coming from the direction of the beck of tho shop ; there was a noise before this of timber breaking and of some persons running ; witness saw Ah Chuck immediately afterwards ; he ran round to the front; a few seconds later witness heard scmeone running in Mate end C-'.'s yard ; he then saw Ah Num come through an opening in tbe fence from Mate's yard ; there was also a third man with the p isoners, but witness had not seen him sitce ; hilf an hour after the robbery be saw prisoners and the third man near the gardens, 50 yards from the camp, haDdliog money, and apparently Ah Nam was asking for more ; io the afternoon, at about 5 30, he asked Ah Num for some money which be owed witness, but prisoner said he had none ; in the evening be Baw Ab Num, and he then said he had plenty money and would pay witness. After seme farther evidence had been taken, Mr. C Wilkinson, who appeared for Ah Chuck, asked that he should be discharged. The Baoch, however, decided to commit both prisoners for trial. THE DORA DORA TINFIELD — Oit correspondent writes :—" I recently visited the D >ra Dora tinfields, having there met Mr. W. Limb, j in., who kindly showed me over the works which are now going on at the Champion Mine, so named from tbe fact of it having the richest deposits of tin in the district, if not in the colony. As little appears to be known oi this mine outside the Immediate neighbourhood, a britf description of the works, nearly completed, may not be out of place. For the proper working of the mine it has been necessary to carry out work of a stupendous nature, which not only itfl cts much credit on tbe owner, Mr. Limb, of D >ra Dira Station, for his enterprise and pluck, but also Mr. A. M'Laod, manager, and Mr. J. Woods, jtin., surveyor, who laid off the works to eatirfaction. Upwards of 40 men have been engaged at one time during the progress of the woTks, and at present about 15 are employed. The flaming is 30 chains 36ft. in length and the greater part from 30't. to 61 :t. in height, and is a very prominent landmark. This gigantic structure was commenced by Mr. J. Peake, and is now being finished by Mr. Otto Bfotrn, assisted by an ifficlent stsff of men, all of whom deserve great praise for the manner in which this d ffiiult niece of woik has been carried out. There is about three miles of races in conm-clion with the mine, which vary from 2 t. 10in. to 6ft. in width with an average depth of 1ft. 3 in. The tail-race, which will be completed in a few days, has been a tedious piece of wotk, necessitating the cutting of 6£ chains of granite rock to a depth of about 6it. (werage) by 5K wide. No doubt this mine would have been opened up some time ago if it were not for the rock difficulty, as it was thcught the expense would be too great. Bat all obstacles have been now successfully overcome. There is a stack of 30,000ft. of sawn timber on the ground for general use at the mine. This elone should convince anyone that the works are on a large soak. When everything is completed the mine will be worked by hydraulic power second to none ia the colony, using the giant nczzle with a pressure of 130ft., water beitg brought from two streams a distance of two miles. It is expected that a start will be made about the end of May. It is not advipable at present to say anything of the probable yield of tin, but the prospects are such that it leaves no doubt of it being a very valuable property. Mining experts have placed a high value on it, and have reckoned that it will not be worked out in a lifetime. However, the owner should be amply rewarded for bis outlay in developing the field. A payable field here would he of immense benefit to this part of the Upper Murray, where the pastoralis-.'s occupation is jrope, and farming cannot be even thought of. e mine beirg on a tableland the c'imate is salubrious. The soil and grass is good close by, iu striking con trust to the surrounding rough country, where bush fires are raging, but nobody seems to care when or where they stopped, provided tbe works are safe at tbe mine. Tin Is the main topic here, and the results from this mine are anxiously awaited. There Is a good bouse of a one-iime selector here which has been turned into the ' boss's' quarters, A cook is kept who is an artist at his game, so tbat the men, with good living, fair wages, and regular hours have nothing to complain of. Mr. Limb is evidently well satisfied with his men and the manner in which tbev have carried out tl-eir rcsp? c'ive duties. Th« Government ehould be atked to make a road to the fiald, a« tbe one at present used is hardly suited to wheel ttaffic owing to tbe rough nature of the country ; tbe road cnnld then with advantage be * x ended to Germanton, which wonld be very convenient to people in the localiiy. T«fc is a matter which the residents should tafee la hand with' out delay. There are other important mines on tbe «ame creek which I had not time to visit, but will probably gife «u acaoaat of then st an mly dale,* 1 