'it ilixnililtsu ', ?/ a * ! . ' ? ? . | Peer ai$ tie Woman. 1 , BOOK I. jl CHAPTER XXI. IbRD AliCESTOK IS PoZZLED. 'ere was a short silbnco , among the j'gronp. The stranger alone was ag more thoughtful than impressed, j'he light has been seen often since . |?' he asked, after a few moments ltation. ; ly, moast noights.' \- ind ar^you sure there is, no other J jicBj-iato the room save by the door ' ilch you saw the key ?' Toa ; there bean't no other way in., ? — What did you say her name tho housekeeper,? She couldn't anything to do with it, or her \- her?':' We 'a seen it when both on am a' , i down 'ere wi4 us,' 1 [t's a strange thing,' the young man 'arked thoughtfully. 'I wonder j ther it's alight now ?' Io moved towards the door, and they trooped after him. Jim Doore, 'piping in front of his guest, lifted ' ; rude wooden latch, and a gust of 'j d came howling in, extinguishing the i ip which he carried in his hand, and fging a. few 'prints and texts which ,'jjig aboutito rattle on the wall. Bill '/(aids, followed by most of the party, jned back to the fireside with a mut /lad anathema against the folly of ex jing their comfortably-warmed selves Ithe fury of such a tempest until their ^ie came to go ; but Jim Doore and ?i guest- stepped, outside, closing the P -r after them, and stood for a moment | h the rain beating in their 'faces, and | ). gale shrieking about their ears, gaz ijst the huge black- outline of the p ined castle high up above them. There i is, no, mistake about the lights. One, 1 ht arid glimmering, low down on the I land side, Jim pointed, out as coming I -m Martha's room ; the other, high up ?| the towor, right on the vorge of the i £f,! was burning with a steady, brilliant 1 ,'ht, and was even casting a long vivid | flection on the bleak angry sea below. I bey ' looked at them steadily for a | inute. Then Jim Doore, who was | ilding the door fast in his hand, pushed | a little way open, and following his | -mpanions, re-entered the cottage. ?S Ehey movedtheir chairs and made room | ir the stranger by the fire, and he stood !-ere warming himself after the brief | cposure to the storm, with the dancing | relight lighting up his countenance, I he} looked at him curiously, wondering j 'hat he would say now about their mys- ! | ariona light, and wondering, too, as they j ad been all along, who he was and why je had come to this out-of-the-way Horner of the world. And there was one Sjmong their number, a woman, who sat where she had1 been sitting all the even lag,; unnoticed and almost unseen, whose liark .ieyes never once left his face, and | roiri whose cheeks every vestige of colour | md fled at his coming. She, too, was | vondering and dreading. ! ' /V'As ta seen tf, loight, Jim ?' Foulds | n quired, removing his pipe from his | nonth out' of deference to the stranger, | or it was not his custom to do so when | speaking. | The young man started somewhat, as g though, the question had broken into |30metrain of thought. I 1 Yes, it's1 there, right enough,' he | answered. ? If it wasn't ' such a wild \ night I should feel tempted to go straight I away into that room and solve the mys ?tory. But- since it has puzzled you all so long it may ps well do so for one day I longer. To-morrow night I will see into it.' ; ! There was a stir among the little group. 'Dost a' think that Mrs. Smith'll let a', go into the room ?' Jim Doore asked doubtfully. ' There's ' never no stranger passes inside 'o them walls. God Armighty!' he exclaimed suddenly, springing to his feet suddenly and stand ing1 with: his , eyes fastened upon the strahger'si 4 Look at 'ee !' i . . 4 What's the matter, Jim ?' cried his partner, also rising to his feet and fol lowing Jim's shaking finger, which was pointed straight at the tall young man, who stood calmly, before the fire. 'Look at 'co, I toll a4,' ropeated . Jim. 4 4Tis t' earl's own faco !4 Every eye was fixed upon tho stran , ger, and suddenly every one became con soious of tho resemblance — every one, that 'is to say, except- Mrs. Doore, who' had! possibly known all about it before, ' for 'she never moved a muscle of her face. 4 As I don't want1 you to think me a ghost,* the young man said, smiling \- slightly, 4 perhaps I had better tell you that I am Lord Alceston — Earl o i Har . rowdean now, I am sorry to say.' 4 T4 earl's son !' gasped Jim Doore. 4 Exactly.' There was an awestruck silence, which Lord Clanavon broke. ' l ean, assure you you've no need to look ; po frightened,' he said, pleasantly. ' You've ail boen very kind to mo, and I'm suro I'm very muoh obliged to you all.' This speech had tho effect of sotting them all a little more at their ease, but the impossibility of sitting down in the samo room with an earl was manifest to \- all of them. With overy description of clumsy but rospectful obeisance they dwindled away one by one, whilo Jim : Doore stood by looking helplossly from his wife to his distinguished guest. 4 Come, come, Daore ; there's no ? thing to bo frightened about,' Lord , Alceston said, smiling, when the last of thorn had departed. 'I'm suro you'vo all been kind to mo. I might havo been up on the cliff now if it hadn't been for you. Look at your wife, now ; she's a sensible woman. She doesn't look a bit disturbed. Well, if you won't „,8it down again' — for Jim had rigorously ^.oclined tho chair which his lordship had ,!|!phcd toward him-—4 show mo where I'm to. shako down for tho night, and I'll go to bed.' Mrs. Dooro silently took a candle, and opened the inner door, revealing another apartment bnyond. 4 This way, my lord,' she said quietly. 'I've dono my best to make things comfortable, but I'm afraid you'll find it rather rough.' Lord Alceston followed her into the tiny apartment, which, small though it was, was spotlessly clean and naut. ' Nothing could be nicer,' he declared, 4 Good-night, Mrs. Doore. 'Pon my word,' he added to himself, looking round approvingly, ' that's a very, superior woman.' CHAPTER XXII. A NIGHT JOURNEY. Mrs. Doore doubtless was a very superior woman, for it was qaite evident that she had learned one hard lesson for the uneducated to acquire — to conceal her feelings. Directly the latch was safely drawn, the distinguished visitor safe in his room, a remarkable change took place in her appearance. The unnatural calm was gone. She sank into a low chair opposite her husband,, her rigid features working with emotion, and her trembling hands stretched wildly out, 4 Oh, Jim, Jim, what shall I do ? ' He looked at her a little astonished. As far as he was concerned he was bo- 1 ginning to feel very much more at ease — in fact his momentary alarm was fast diminishing, and was being succeeded by a vague elation. After all the affair was more likely to turn out to his advan tage than the reverse. The events or the evening passed slowly before him while he had been waiting for his wife's reappearance, and on the whole the result was satisfactory. He had neither done nor said anything that would be likely to give offence to the young earl, although a cold shiver passed through, his frame when he reflected now many dangers he had unwittingly avoided. They had rescued the young lord from what was undoubtedly a most dangerous situation, and they had treated him all the time with the sturdy North Country hospital ity which was one of their chief character istics. When his wife had joined him he had been quite prepared for some mutual congatnlations ; now she had come out white as a ghost and trembling in every limb. Jim scratched his head in won derment. 4 What be amiss, lass ? ' he inquired. She leaned forward and stared at him wildly, as though she had not heard his words. Jim began to feel thoroughly uncomfortable. 4 There bean4t nothing wrong, lass, surely?' he said. (To he Continued.') 