_ A ' SHORT ST'ORl? Bobber Bears at San Mateo. By Nathan D. Timer- in the early dnys of the Colorado gold fever it would have been difficult to make the inhabitants of the little Mexican village of Puebla (now Puebla City) believe that Captain Yasco, the famous bandit chieftain of the San Mateo range, was not intelligently and effectually assisted in biH successful de- finncc of efforts to ennturu him. by all the bears, black, brown, cinnamon and grizzly, of the wild, wooded region and rock-piled heights contiguous to his mountain fast ness. - '- In-lccd, sharers in this seemingly absurd belief were not wanting among the Boldiera mid scouts at the neighboring fort ; and there was, after all, some foundation in fact for the superstition. The bears had been seen mingling freely with the desperadoes in the thick of the fight, during the last stand against the troopers, and contributing immensely to the ! victory. On nil-fours or erect-, armed with enormous knotted branches torn from trees, or with only their claws pawing amid the deep snows of the higher precipices, and sending down avalauuhes upon the heads of the luckless assailants, their savage and phenomenal appearance had struck super natural terror, to the would-be bandit exter- uiinatois, and unused the attack to be relin quished in pnuic and dismay. At least, such was Ifce burden of the re ports, and there was enough foundation in these to afford room for any number of exag gerations, which the robbers were willing enough to turn to their nccount. But it was reserved for maiden purity and innocence lo probe the dread mystery to the core. Thcso qualities were combined in the per son of lsa, or Isndora, Mnlilann, an ignorant but very beautiful young blanket- weaver of Puebla, where the scrapes, or Mexicau blankets, produced by bcr old aunt Manuela and herself were unrivalled for their dura bility, the brilliancy of their parti-colored stripes, or their ducks'-back capacity of shedding water. As a matter of course, Iaa had ndmircrB in plenty, for sho was as amiable as she was cbnrming ; but her fnvored admirer was Jira Scanuell, a bravo young hunter-acout in the military employment. One bright winter morning, as lsa was on hor way over the mountain trail on her fleet bqow-shocB, and warmly muffled ngninBt the driving windB, she encountered her lover makiug his way to the fort, nnd carrying on his broad shoulders the carcase of a fat, black-tailed doe, which he had that morning Bhot at the salt-licks of the Blue Water Canyon. '\Vbioh way, lsa?" he asked, his eyes dancing at the sight of her ns he threw down his burden for n love-chat that was always in order with him. " Not over Long Trail, surely?" " Yes, Santiago," responded her delicious voice — sho moBtly Spanishised his given name thus — " to ray uncle's at San Felipe. We are out of red and grey wools, nnd they must be had or our loom will he idle." " To San Felipe I" cried tbe scout. ' You must not go, lsa — at least, not until I can go with you." " I have no choice, Santigo." And a melting look in her deep eyeB told how gladly she would have had his escort. " But it is maduuss. Tbe trail skirts tbe worst fastness of Vusco nnd his band, and there's a chance of n fight to-day. A squad set out to reconnoitre before daybrenk, with lmlf a regiment of Mexicau volunteers to bnck them. Besides, you might meet some of Vasco's bears." And he ended with a short laugh, though earnest enough in his protest. lsa gave a litllo Bhudder, but she was not wholly fearful. " I must go, Santiago, Yasco or no Ynscr," said she, smiliDg. "Andns for the bears, you forget that Captain Jose was my poor father's friend, which would stand me in good stead." Scannell's face grew troubled. Ho did not forget that Isa's "poor father" had been a robber-captain, into whose shoes Jose Yasco bad stepped at the time of the former's violent death. Neither did he for get — still more maddening reflection I — that it had been cut nnd dried between the former bravo and his lieutenant that Isadora was one day to be the latter's wife. " Don't cross the Long Trail to-day," he persisted. " There is always danger when Yasco is abroad. I nra on duty at the fort to-day, and to-morrow we make an attack on tho outlaws. But. aftor that I can ac company you to San Felipe." " I am not afraid. Besides, I have no choice. We have seven blankets promised, our Iooiub are idle for lack of tbe scarlet wools, and ati old Manuela would be frantic were 1 to return without them. Good-bye, Snntiago I" She turned up tbo mountain, and he saw she was not to be dissuaded. " What is tho matter, dearest ? Is that the way we separate ?" As she paused in pretended surprise, he sprang after her for the good-bye kiss. Hardly had she struggled, laughing and blushing, out of bis arms, before a dark face —a handsome face, too, but just then dis torted with jealous hatred — peered out from an overhanging rock, and was gone in a flash. And then the young girl was springing away up the trail, kissing her hand merrily to her lover until lie disappeared. The way to San Felipe was a good nine miles ever the mountains, and much of it through many of the wildest haunts of the robber-band. But the snow was well cruflted. the deeper drifts could be avoided, and Ibb, who was well used to snow-shoe travelliug, (Iflted, glided, or bounded swiftly along the route, with which Bhe had been tuore.or less familiar from her childhood, and with only an occasional timid glance about her, as she was passing under Los Finns de Diablo the Devil's Tines, a partly-forested, snow-choked Bteep, out of which the bears were said to issue at critical moments in response to the robber-captain's summons. She reached her destination without mis- Imp. obtained hor wools from the industrions Indians there, and, after enjoying a little lunch, wns on lier homeward road, with re freshed strength and a hopeful heart. But she had hardly repassed under the frowning brow of the Devil's Pines, when there was alow call, in imitation of a coyote's yelp, from the thicket to her left. She stopped in terror as a powerfully- built, picturesque ruffian made his appear ance, with a warning gesture, and Jose Yasco, the dreaded robber-captain, was in her path. "Daughter of my old comrade and cap tain," said he, with a Bmile, " 'tis not long since we have met, but you have grown lovelier nnd lovelier. You are sweeter than marriage- bells unto a hope too long deferred, my flower !" Isadora strove to appear indifferent, though too much terrified to speak. The Inst time she had met this man wai nenrly three years before, at her father's death-bed. Solemn words had then been said by bei father, pledging ber as this roan's future bride. She oven remembered him to have compelled her to clasp hands with Jose acroBB his body, while he muttered a sealing benediction with his dying lips. But that was all. It was more like thi recollection of a hideous dream than aughl else. She had hoped that Jose had either for gotten all about the miserable troth-plight or would never care to demand its fulfil ment. Indeed, she never thought of him a ,11 but. with n feeling of horror p.nH iww- nh.weU might she turn pale and catch hei breath at tbe unmistakable meaning of those greeting words ; at the fervent gaze of thoBe gloomy and remorseless eyes 1 Angered at her scarcely-concaled rupul- ion, no leu than inflamed by her beauty-? wbicb was perhaps enhanced by her trepida tion — he lost no time in letting her know that he had forgotten nothing, but regarded her as irrevocably bound to him. " lVhy do you not speak to me, little one ?" he at last exclaimed. " Shall you not be ready when I send to old Manuela for your bnnd, as I shall most assuredly, soon as 1 have given those troublesome blue-coats at the fort their final quietus? Or do you con template treachery — disobedience to those death-bed vows ?" »«» And his brow darkened, while bis teeth 1 glistened like a wolf's between hiB bearded I lips- I lsa could still only clasp ber hands and ' tremble. I " Is it that I have a rival, girl F Speak, I i say I" i " No, no.no I Ah, of what are youthiuk- ! ing. Jose ?" And she stammered forth other evasions, 1 more or less incoherent. | He interrupted her with a diabolical ; laugh. i " What a poor litUo deceiver you aro ! ; You should take pnttern from your elders, I or stick to the truth. Scannell, tho Ameri- ! can, is your lover. I witnessed your adieuB 1 — you wore in hie anna at the foot of the ! trail." — - - — In tho midst of her confusion there was I a look of astonishment that ho well under- | stood. | " And yet he died not in his tracks, with ; a bullet in his heart," lie went on. ''Well, | your surprise is natural, my dear; for my > carbine covered him, my finger was on the trigger, but I spared him. Would you know the renson I spared him, little one She bowed hor pale face. - < " Perhaps he has forgotten me ; but he saved my life once at the risk of liis own. It wns in a wild brawl at El Paso. He was both gencrouB and brave. Jose Yasco never forgets." -» — - She hrenthed more freely, but hia next words chilled her nfrcsh. " But think not that I would resign you. I would not assassinate him from ambush ; but when tbo timo comes he must give you up or die. ThoBe soldiers are fools. I nm impregnable here." He made a proud nnd comprehensive gesture. " Our fastness is inaccessible, and evou the fierce bears, the Bavage beasts of tho wilds, are our auxi liaries." This was said so simply that Isadora's last doubts as to the bear stories in current be lief were dissipated, and she viewed him with superstitious fear. Suddenly a bugle sounded from some where far up the heights, oud he started. " Ha ! it is the warning blast I" ho ex claimed. " Can a fresh attack be medi tated 7" He tightened his belt, which literally bristled with revolvers, and shifted tbe carbine that was slung behind hia shoulder. " Come, I shall claim you in good season ; but n kiss before we part." A kiss ! and for him ! She shrank back, appalled. He clutched her wrist, the evil light, kindling in hiB dark face like an angry meteor. But at that instant there sounded a rattl ing volley from both nbove and below tho height, and obe was saved the threatened kiss. " Good-bye ! I shall claim you in good time." He waved his hand, springing among tho slippery rocks with the celerity of a moun tain goat, and disappeared among tbe trees. Then Isadora, shrinking a little further from the open trail, stood still in a sort of fascination, for she had never seen an armed struggle, and one wns in progress under her very eyes. Firing as they climbed, Bwnrmed the boys in blue, with their Mexican contingent hurrahing enthusiastically on either wing. The robbers gallantly returned the volleys with irregular firing from the timber line, even hurrying down fearlessly to meet the charge. Aud the spell-bound girl could mark their lender in the vnn, no less bravely conspicuous than was the young West Pointer who encouraged the attack with his waving sword. A tbriil of glndness filled the girl's veins as she saw the robbers beaten back, leaving more than one prostrate man in their re treat, while the disciplined soldiers and their allies slowly but surely followed them up. But at this juncture the young girl wit nessed a sight almost incredible, notwith standing that her superstition might have in some measure prepared her for it. The robbers suddenly disappeared, as if by magic, their places being apparently taken by trcops of savage bears, which issued from tbe pines with ferocious SDarl3 and crics.and at once set up such a novel "form of resist ance and counter-attack as filled the storm ing party with terror and dismay. Erect, with ra.iHsive bludgeons in their grasp, pawing atpid the white drifts on all- fours, or merely showing their formidable teeth and brandishing their mighty claws, they begau to loosen the clinging snow- heaps and hurl them thundering down upon the assailants' heads with a force and pre cision truly terrific ; and this was but a mask for the bullets of their hamas allies, which at the same time began to rain again, with more or les3 disastrous effect, from the cover of the copses in their rear. The soldieiB had coins to a dead halt, puzzled and astounded by the grotesqueness of it all, and thiB hesitation was fatal to their enterprise. The next moment tie entiro volunteer contingent, which constituted more than four-fifths of the attacking force, broke and fled down the mountain in an ngony of pnnic, throwing away their guns, and giving utter ance to frightened screamB and yells. Tho cowardly example was too much for the discipline of the regulars— a mere hand ful, at the most. The panic became a contagion, and, though retiring with some show ol order, they also gave up the fight, the rout becom ing general. Isadora, who had wllnessed everything from her little nook of concealment, buried her face in her hands. But when she looked again it wsa to wit ness another spectacle, which seined to alter tbe. entire tenor of her mortification and fears. One of the bears,baving missed its footing on the icy steep, came tumbling, plunging, nnd rolling head over heels past her retreat, betraying much of tbe secret of his soldierly intelligence in his unstudied sprawls, and at the same time uttering the strangest expres sions of rage and disgust that- had ever yet proceeded from a real bear. It was a revelation ; and, with her super stitious terrors no longer an incentive, the young girl darted out upon the trail and fled away with all the swiftness that her supple nimbleness could evoke from her snow-shoe expertness. Out of breath, but still joyous over her treasured discovery, she arrived at old Manucla's adobe hut before sundown, and then lost no time in hurrying to the fort. " Where is Santiago Scannell ?" she de manded of one of the sentries. " I have m secret for him. I must see him right away." - All the garrison were in a surly mood, for the defent of the reconnoitring party had jusl been made known. But the man whom she addressed, and who was well aware of the scout's love-affair, laughed as he informed her that Jim was off on a hunting expedi tion, and would hardly return before day break. when he was to guide a general at tack upon the robbere, then to be made ii considerable force. " Ah, I shall have to wait," said las, dis appointed ly ; but do tell him for me not fa go awav again without seeing me." " It "ain't likely that he would in »n; case, lsa," replied the sentry, with anothe: good-natured laugh ; for the beautifu blanket-maker was a favorite everywhere and there wasn't a member of tbe garrisoi that didn't wish Scout Jim joy of his wooing 1 But I shall see your message delivered all tbe same." I Bright and early, indeed, before Bnn-up, , tbe next morning, Jim wag at tbe old | Manuela's cottage, and it took but a moment for the girl to place him in posses sion of her discovery. \- The scout's blue eyes opened to their I widest capacity, and then, catching lsa in ! his arras, he Bhouted a wild hurrah, while raining bis kisses upon her blushing face. " You don't say so 1" he exclaimed. " What 1 the great bear trick nothing more than a dodge — a masquerade of robbers in bear skins 1" She nodded. " Hurrah I the superstition is nipped in the bud I Even the greasers won't run away again. We'll lick them out of their boots, nnd the giving away of this Beeret on my part will gain me promotion U9 chief scout of the department, with double my presont pay 1" " Oh, Santiago, I am so glad 1" Aud lsa clasped her hands, the happy tears glistening in her dark eyes. " Listen, dear. You know that snug little ranch of iniue ou the San Juan?" Another nod. " Would you like to be tticre — as my wife, of course ?" " Oh, Santiago 1" And the happy tears made way for happy blushes now. " Good 1 Have the old woman make you ready forthwith, for we shall he married next Sunday. That is the day after to morrow, which will be two days after to day's scrimmage, which is destined to wipe out Vnsco nnd his entire band, big nnd little bears included 1" " Oh, Santiago I You forget I" and the brightness began to fade out of the sweet face. "My father himself wbb a robber- captain ; and " "No matter 1" cried Scannell, once more catching her to his breast. " Is it your father's ghost or your precious, darling Belf that I would take to my home nnd heart ? Good-bye, and God keep you till my re turn I v But a last kiss first !" and he was gone. " That was a fluttering day for the pretty little blanket- weaver, sceli as she had not known, or perhaps dreamed of, in the whole course of her existence. A day of days, a day of love, suspense and hope, such ob, once nt lens t in a lifetime, is the rich-set jewel of every budding maiden heart, be it high or low, opulent or poor, refined or ronrse, tutored or ignorant — a priceless ilav, henceforward to be treasured in unfail ing memory. . But it passed, as other days must pass, as dreams must pass ; and soon after the first nows came in that the robbers had been completely whipped out of their boasted fnstness, resulting in the extermination of a majority of the band, including Vasco, their chief, and the capture of the rest, lsa waB sobbing for joy 011 her lover's breast. "Ah, dearest, it wns almost a picnic for us this time I" he exclaimed, when recount ing the events of the fight. " The secret of the bear-skins was not generally made known among9t us until just before the Btorming of the steep, aud its effect upon the men was magical. Why, even the greasers, ns if shamefaced and maddened at the recol lection of their superstitious fears, charged up among the rockB with the best of us, and when the rascals ran out their bears it wns for the last time, I can tell you. We rushed right among them before they could set their avalanches moving, shooting 'em down right end left, and as the bear-skins were intended to frighten rather than to hurt — were, in fact, more of nn incumbrance to their wearers than anything else — they were taken completely by surprise, and made scarcely any resistance. By Jupiter t those bcRr-skins must have been saved up from the hunts of half a dozen generations, nnd I'm betting high there's not one of 'em left but whnt is too riddled for future service of any Bort. Then, having disposed of the bears, we rushed through the pines, driving out the reBt of the robbers, who didn't stop running till the laRt ridge of San Mateo range was reached, where they made their laBt stand, the bigger part of 'em dying in their tracks." "And Jose — Vaaeo himself I He also was slain, they say." " Yes ; he fought like the game bravo he was. But, before he died, I recognised him as a chap whose life I saved in El Faso somo some years ago, and who sort of chummed with me for a short time afterwards. Per haps he recognised me, too. Anyway, as he sank back he fixed his eyes upon me, gasping out in Spanish, ' It's as well a9 it is, old comrade, 6ince the same trail could no longer have carried tbe pair of us T and then he was gone. Of oonree, I couldn't imagine what he meant, but it matters little one way or the other." Isadora, who understood better tbon he, and who had told nothing of her encounter with Vasco on the preceding day, merely buried her face on her lover's shoulder, shudderingly thankful that tbe fierce eyeB of the bandit chief could come no more between her and her heart's love. "Ah, thank Heaven you are safe leturnedl" was nil she could murmur; "and thank Heaven that you love me I" They were married on the following Sun day, as tbe scout had declared they should be, and soon after went to live on Scan nell's snug ranch, where it may be tfpit they are living in happiness at the present d»y. 