"my devil." Com licncod in our issao of 4tli .January. A New Australian Story fall of Sensational Incidents, BY FOSTBll OSBORNE, .A Local Writer) XUrilOR OF Cow.iAiiV," ' YaroLri, or Saxon and .Nur.ryr," " Josiah Honocks i'C. J'AKT III. — Cn.vriFn XT. Osi leaving l'.isc n", .loan Liportro f.jis-.ilis his walt-b, and then strikes iuiuis the Newport railway line, and it Is j across the ujijier or main Nenpnl l'oad, liuallv I'V as direct a route as |.o;;il(!e, leaehuijj the South Melbourne ri lvv.iy s a ion. It is quite evident mat Alcllijiirne and its suburbs are liot unknown to him. Tlieaee, after Jive iniiiiik-s tvaiiing for tbe train, lie proceeds lo St. KilJa, and onee more oar far-seeing faculties enable US to fo.etell lie is going to interview Adam Klein, the Dutchman. The Dutchman is down at the wood depot. He has a log on ibe frame which he is sawing into foot-lengths with the doggedly peisistent hut slow 111 ivements uaiur.-il to his couutiyuien, and for some seconds lie does not notice the detective who stands behind Jiim. I'rcsenib.-- - — f-ot, tengtli "falls ...nr rtooi'liig t.) nick it up Kk'iu becomes aware ol oilier' s presence and, reiinqnisb- iug his intention respecting the wood, lie slowly rc-assuuics an upward position and turns upon the intruder. "Yell den, pv graslius! I don't heard yon anyhow. Uf yo vos vote suite broken boots, mid don'd come creep pcfore niiue back like dot ghosts, i vas made dot ockwaintance jiy you yoost now. Vat's dot you vaut uiit \- Adam Klein anywaze .' Yant some vools and some nice coals, ain'd ut ?" 1 want not to buy wood, or coal, or anything else my friend, I just waul a few minutes — " Gimuielty ! you don'd vant some v.. «3s iiutl coals, mid some noddings el-e also. I shpose you vant to blay r jais questions py me, eh 1 — you vant to )i:id dot slitreet : or you vas insure mine lifes ; or breeliaps yon got a little book orsomediugs, ain'd ut ? Yell den, 1 told you yoost shtraighdt : eferrbody vat comes along blay some confidences y me, uud I don'd can make ut oudt vh.it yon vant wit Adam Klein, uud 1 don'd vant to make ut oudt. Might pe y>u vas der guffner mit a knife-powder, order Duke tip Gales mit a oindliueudt to der Queen, or der Beoshop up Mel bourne mit a shtarvin vidow : but I don'd care uf you vas old Beesuiark himself mit his foot on der flower of der French Republic, if yon don't vant some roods nnd some coals dots besser — Imlloa i — By grashus ! — Ha, ba, ba I Yell den, when I got me a good sbqnare look mil your face you nefer in mine lifes saw some peoples so much like a dogs. Giuiinclty I Der vas eyes, und month, und some prick-ears neider. Yoost der same py mine dawg Kaiser — I becleef uf I vas giff you piece uf uieadt, you vas vag py der tail, eh ?" This French detective is a char acter : there can be no doubt of it. Mrc iiare lieea (old lit at lie t's clever. energetic, untiring : we have seen that be is strong and courageous : and new we discover that he is possessed of the patience of Job. Few men could sub mit to Adam Klein's offensive criti cisms, without remonstrance more or less vehement but Jean Laportre can. He simply smiled, and acknowledges the DutibinaiFs compliments with a shrug aud a bow (not a bow-wow, as Kicin might have anticipated). " Look von, Mr Klein ; you know the gentleman, Mr M'Lcod " I am proud mit dot ocwuiudance py Mr M'Lcod !" ' Well then, lie has engaged uie as a detective, and has sent me to you to make some inquiries. You will be kind, and give to me a description of your sweetheart and the man who went out with lier on the night of Steven Heydon's murder. Already 1 know the man's name (Jim Murdoch), and his address : hut I want that you shall tell lo me about the clothes they both wore that night." The mention of George M'Lcod's name, and the wotd " detective," had the desired effect on Adam Klein. Although lie is not now in M'Leod's employ, that short-lived discovery of the boatman, he has still a great re spect for the man who so munificently remunerated hiui for walking about iu 'search of Happy Paseoe, aud is ac cordingly ready enough to answer the Fienclimau's questions. He explained that, on the night iu question, Jim Murdo.k. had worn a dark-blue suit, aud, he thought, a cap : but lie was not sure about the cap. Lizzie, bis lost, or rather stolen, love, had on a dress and jacket of some dark material, and a red woollen cap. He was quite certain as to its 1 eiug a red \- vnP,-«M.d- jjoi a light-colored hat. He hud often liefore seen ' lier m-ariog the same cap when out walking at night. Afordoi'lr was in poor circumstances at that time, being engaged as on oyster opener at a Snluou in Elizabeth-street, lie was now a grocer iu a large wnv, and ho, Klein, has been often puzzled ill mind concerning the sudden im provement in the circumstances uf ins successful rival, which improvement be came first apparent shortly after liis mat liage to Lizzie, a few weeks subse quent to the murder. He could not be positive, because there were a number of trees which threw dark shadows ubuut the lauding, but when Mutdoek and Lzzie left Brauder's Ferry 1 1 1 1-y appeared lo linn down the river to wards the spot where the uiurder was committed. Unable lo gather from Klein any further information lending to piouiun- the object of his inquiries, Jean Laportre returned to Melbourne, and visited (he morgue. During the /half hour lie had to wait there, he was forlu- natc in finding the officer who wns iu charge when Steven Heydon's body was brought" in : >and he leattied .from, lhts official that Tio valuables' of any", description were upon . 'the dcocated : that one of the miirdiered r mau's pdckcts Was found turned inside out ; that no pocket book: or letters, wore fte be found : and that, until the arriral of liis brother, George , Heydon/ 'froni England, . ilicre had been »io uuis' io . identificiU jpn.cajpt be name' pn, his , pocket handkerchief. - No, there: had been no weapon discovered, but ; ac- cording to medical testimony, the instrument used by the assassin must have been a very long and narrow one. "I liis was all 'he iuforiuaiion which can beextracled from the morgue people. Jean Laportre was uncommon iu way, hut like all human beings, he was subservient lo tbe iule of one arbitrary dictator — appeiitite ; so, entering a restaurant, be breakfasted before pro ceeding to Collingwood. Facing the main street in Coiiing- wuoJ, there was a grocer's shop of con siderable dimensions, the front of which being setoff by a sign-boaid in forming those interested iliat the said shop was the property of one James Murdoch ; and about eleven o'clock, or iialf-au-liour alter finishing liis break fast, Jean Lipnrtre alighted from a traui Car, euiered this shop, and was at once given into custody of a policeman on a charge of assault and battery. The tacls were that James Murdoch had that morning laid an information at the police offices, against some indi vidual, name unknown, who had first r :shed ? .a nst him violently, and then belabored bim with his fists'. Later on an officer was despatched t« Murdoch's abode to get further par ticulars of the brutal assault, and lie was thus engaged in the shop, when the offendi.ig Laportre walked straight into his clutches. The Fienehman had undei taken this journey to Collingwood , for the i>ur|>oso of . intervii'w'jiigifr n I d IVfr s Munlodi,' little J .w'ing "rat " lie was abohi to' visit liis antagonist of the early morn ing ; hut, although inwardly chagrined at the ignominious result of his plans, lie was too -well versed in legal matters to remonstrate, and returned to the city a captive, lie would doubtless explain matters to the proper authori ties. (To be Continued.') 