The Coming Battle. The political battle to begin to-day is fraught with, more uncertainty than, has ever perhaps been any encounter of the same kind in this country. Everything depends upon the way the labor cat jumps, and even if one was not daily assured of that fact in so many words, one could be perfectly certain of it from noting to whom the leaders are paying their court. The working man just now. like the hare in the fable, has many friends. It is to be hoped that he will not, also like that unfortunate animal, come to grief among them. The Opposition is making much capital out of the damage that the workiiig man will eventually sustain from the abolition of the sugar duties. The Government replies by pointing out the blessings that might flow speedily from the establishment of ironworks under Government patronage j or rather, to be strictly correct, Mr. Reid listens with benevolent, but non-committal, complacency to those who point out those benefits before him. Then there has been a, meeting of manu facturers at the Hotel Australia, a surprising meeting of manu facturers, the most prominent per sons at which were . gentlemen whose only industrial experience so fax has been in the direction of very unsuccessful attempts to manu facture public opinion. Among these manufacturers who have failed were Sir Geokge Dibbs (who has just voluntarily surrendered by going out of business in favor of Sir Henby Payees) Sir George's former colleagues and Mr. G'Sxtlltvas. Let us take this meeting first and eee what it amounted to. Mr. O'Suixivan advised the employers to hold meet ings of their own men and urge them to attend a projected mass meet ing at the Protestant Hall, so that they might show whether or not they approved of a policy which Would drive them out of em ployment and subject their wives and families to hardship and distress. Mr. O'Soxlitan by this description evidently meant to indicate the policy set forth by Mr. Reid in his financial statement. But all Mr. Reid means to do this year is to abolish the Dibbs duties, for the imposition of which the country never gave any warrant. What prosperity have the Dibbs ' duties ever caused? There would be no need to hire the Pro testant Hall to contain the people who admire the Dibbs duties. The people who have been harassed and annoyed by those duties could hardly be contained in the Domain, while for admirers the smallest room in Sydney would suffice, and admirers would not include Sir Geobge Dibbs or any sincere protectionists. Now it has to be particularly borne in mind that the success of the present Pahkes movement means the re tention of the hybrid Dibbs duties, of the duties that have pleased and benefited nobody. Sir Hejtby Pabkes's return means the retention of these stagnating in fluences which have not caused a single additional manufacture to be established » until the distant day when federation can be brought about. But yesterday's meeting at the Australia was part of a Sydney movement, and that being so it is well to answer the Sydney manufacturing protec tionists bv a quotation from one whom they are now themselves quot ing 'with immense approval. Said Mr. Edward W. Knox in the Sugar Company's circular, which has now become a sort of protectionist bible : In regard to the making of tobacco and beer, 1 would point out that the principal manufacturers of these articles are in Sydney, that the metropolitan electorates have placed the Government in power, that the interest of the Sydney laborer, as opposed to the country producer, iB the special care of this Government, and that, in consequence, the Sydney manufacturer is to be protected, while the farmer and the man who makes his produce marketable are to go to the wall; and, further, that the removal of the other duties, ad valorem and specific, is proposed for the purpose of cheapening the living of the townsman, who is mainly supplied by imports, while the country man pro vides his own food, and has little money to spend on imported goods; that the farmers in the other settled districts Ate to have no share in the concessions offered to the men who are not freeholders, and, on the other hand, are- to suffer severely by the depreciation to the value of their land through the operation of the land tax if this is imposed. Nowj evidently the fact of this having been received with great joy shows that, despite all the manu facturers who can be whipped into the Australia, there is not the ghost of a chance for a protectionist reaction in Sydney. Jout the mention or Mr. Ejstox recalls the subject of the sugar duties. Through free trade zeal, sometimes untinctured with discretion, this subject seems to have been a good deal blinked by those . who fiave written upon it. It ia* perfectly right to abolish the Dibbs duties, against which the country declared at the first op portunity it got to pronounce an opinion. The Dibbs duties have not had time to take root and seriously modify the c*jndi$ons of industry, - but allowed to continue they would increase border jealousies inimical to federation. The sugar duties have become a sort of' institution, and while federation, which whea it comes will again $£0^ th0, fiscal system, into the melting pot, is pend ing, it is not well £0 make too sweeping changes. Besides, -the sugar duty is a matter that might well bis reserved for the Federal Parliament, for this reason, that Queensland in its present condition as a virtually independent state has been able to push its sugar by the aid of black labor. It is hard to suppose that 'when a Federal Parliament comes the regulations as to black labor will not be revised and a uniform, system established for the whole continent. If we mistake not public opinion would tte opposed to in the meantime, even in the interests of doctrinaire freetrade, leaving our sugar growers defenceless before kanaka competition. But this being admitted, it must be borne in mind that Mr. Reid's retention in - office means the obnoxious Dibbs duties to go and the sugar duties to remain for two years. Two years in regard to an .Australian Government's in tentions is a very long time. Even federation might come by then, and when it does there will certainly be an increase of business generally to make up for any minor disturbance of trade caused by the disappearance of particular duties. In regard to iron works, whether they be encouraged by boun ties or not, iron workers are not inter ested in relations with neighbors being embittered by the continuance of the annoying Dibbs tariff. New South Wales has natural advantages in regard to iron and coal which place -her in these respects ahead of the rest of Australia. When that slight uncertainty which hae been created as- to the lines on. which her Majesty's Government is to be carried on, and by whom, shall have been done away with, it is to be hoped that some serious attention may be given to the question of oar future relations with Ja pan. Acopy of the treaty recently concluded be tween Britain and that power was laid on the table of the Assembly last night. What was generally understood before has been officially intimated now by the Secretary of State for the Colonies that is that if New South Wales wishes to be included in the treaty notice to such an effect muat be given tc the Japanese Government within two yeare from the date of the ratifica tion of that document. It is tolerably certain that whether the Japan ese hear from us or not at an early date we shall hear of them at no distant one. This is to be considered alto gether apart from the status they have now acquired as a really formidable eastern power. It is as rivals in the arts of peace they may now be regarded' There is no reason why they should not be friendly rivals. 'Honor and shame from no conditions rise,' we are assurred on poetical autho rity, if now in somewhat hackneyed phrase. There are, however, it appears, according to the condition which suggest itself to the^ Imperial Government, objec tions to the order of conferring the title of 'honorable' upon Ministers of Crown colonies. The right to flash such a title in Britain will, as far as outer Britons are concerned, be limited to those who hail from self-governing colonies like our own. Though indeed, in view of some of the 'honorables' whom Australia has sent 'home' from time to time it would not have detracted in the least from her credit if they could have been persuaded to leave their titular distinctions behind them. The discussion which is going on in the House of Commons with reference to the question raised respecting the peerage, sug gests some curious possibilities. ? A select committee is to be appointed to inquire as to whether Viscount Wolmer, member for Edinburgh, has succeeded to the peerage as Earl of Selborne. One would, at first sight, imagine that such an inquiry would be utterly superfluous once it were ad mitted that the person known as Viscount Wolmer was the lawful son and heir of the late Earl. That point seems to have at once presented itself to the strong common sense of Sir William Harcourt. He was reported the other day as having remarked that the man who had been Viscount Wolmer was now Earl of Sel borne, therefore a peer to all intents and purposes, and subject as far as public life is concerned, to ail the conditions of his new rank. The object of the inquiry is possibly that of finally disposing of the claim made by the member for Edinburgh West to retain his seat. That, it is to be imagined may be done when it is re gularly reported to the Commons that the claimant belongs now to an order which has no recognised place in such an as sembly. It would not, it is to be thought, be very difficult to show that if peers are not legally debarred from entering it yet that they are excluded by custom and tradition which have all the force of law. However, as may be inferred from an amend ment moved by Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, though subsequently withdrawn, that tlie inquiry, should be widened, there would appear to be a growing sense of dissatis faction at the perpetuation of a state of things through which a mall who may be capable of rendering splendid service in the popular chamber is shut' out of it through the mere accident of birth. But this inquiry as to whether Viscount Wolmer is really a peer or not is pretty sure to bring forward some of those extra ordinary claimants to patrician honors of Whom, at regular intervals, the public hear so frequently. As is well known, not only have 'noble lords of high degree' been declared usurpers of ttie titles which be longed to others, but royalty itself has occasionally been the object of such an Indictment. In inoSt of such eases, no doubt, it has been found that the alleged - 'rightful heirs' were either rank impos tors or else lunatics. Still, there are a few curiously authenticated ' instances of persons occupying very obscure stations whose claims to historic titles and to broad acres as well, seem to have been very strong indeed. The wonder was that they had never been asserted. In such a connection, one, too, is naturally re minded of the fact that the extent to which, what in the old phrase would, be bailed 'good blood,' is diffused is much greater than is commonly supposed. * A remarkable illustration of this was af forded early in the present century through a project entertained by an Eng lish nobleman — the Duke of Norfolk. It occurr. d to him that he would entertain at tiie £atu;ly scat all persons who could, trace their descent from his own ancestor, Richard Ill's 'Jockey of Norfolk.' A small eiray of descendants came forward, who could : show their bona-fides in. black aud 'white, and the notion of the fiurily reunioa had to J-8 ftisandoaea. *- .. : . ., :~: ~ ' 