"GONE BACK." (By E. J. Brady.) HE was tired of it. So tired that ► she no lon 1 jer cared. ) So tired that . while he was ^ away in the out p a d doeksploug- h i n g, or rin gbar k ing, or roun ding up the cattle, she would sit in the house for hours brooding. In these times her mind went down to tho river, and she stood, in fancy, by the deep, reedy waterhole, where the.platypus swain tip stream and the saffron-touted water rat dived — and wondered how long it took to drown, or if the water were the easier way I : She was ho weariod, . a- brido of twenty months, that she neglected her duty, caring nothing1 that the milk dishes were not sweet, j that the ashes lay in the fireplace, or that the venomous black spider with a scarlet spot had laid traps for unwary flies along the rafters in tho kitchen. She leTt the morning's washing up until dinner, and the dinner things laid upon tho table until tea ; and when a woman, who could do otherwise, is in that frame of mind you can rest assured there is trouble eomewhere. It was not much of a house certainly, with its slab walla and earthen floors, but when his mothef lired it had been different — and ho Baid so. Perhaps the manner of his saying had been nneentle, maybe he did not understand ; but ?when he came home in the evening the fire side did not seem more cheerful. Then they quarrelled right out.'' He threatened and she sulked and said sharp things. She had had more schooling than he, and. it gave her more power of language, and Batire stings ! She accused him of being an ignorant lout, which was not his fault probably, and there was such spite in his wife's voice that it maddened him, and then — wall, he Btruck her i She had been the belle of the district. A poor distriot, and her people the richest in it. Like many another pretty girl, flattery, the rnde, sweet flattery of the ranges, had turned her head. Wilfulness rnns with good looks in women, so, in spite of father and mother and friends, she had married a struggling ' cockatoo,' thinking she loved him. It was a very old story — a hasty, clandes tine marriage, and now a bitter repentance. They were utterly unsuitea to one another, the convent-taught girl, who had learnt to play the piano and paint indifferently, and the man whose soul was always out in the fields among his swedes or up in the barn with his bags of oats and wheat. Mischievous Fate often makes mis-matche3 of this character. The old people shake their heads sadly, but the young people have their way and begin to learn the sorrowful lesson long before the honeymoon is over. ? No doubt when he came a-wooing on the sly he thought as much of her father's broad pastures as he did of her pretty face. She had found that out too late, when the contract had been signed, when her father's back was turned upon her in anger, and her BOiul rose up in revolt against the new sur roundings. She began to find out, too, that there had been more wilfulness than love on her side, _ and more of something else than disinterested affection on his. So she came 'not to oare;'' but when ho rose his hand to her for the first time it had put another aspect upon her misery. She was a grown woman now, with a will and a mind of her own. Iu this connection she knew she was trie superior, not tne man. utner gins ot the place when they went to a strange man's house went not- to be the woman of it, but the Blave. There is a vast difference between the two positions, and a hitrher -md more complex civilisation is rapidly bringing it home to us. She told herself proudly that she would be no man's slave — to tremble at a footstep and dread a blow. A blow ! She sat there by the flickering logs, with the red mark of her shame still burning on her face, inwardly raging/ utterly rebellious, and yet in her soul almost glad. He bad given her just cause at last to break with him, even, she told herself, though he was the father of her child. With that thought she looked dowu at the , little might of new humanity, and, as if re minded of something, softly put her foot out to the rocker of tlie cradle, and kept it there, moving the pretty machine to and fro mechanically, as she went on thiuking. Her resolves were slowly made. She would take the child and go back to her father's house. Let him do his worst. She would defy him, and she knew that when she had told her story over there among her own people, where hate was strong in a hot blood, she would find sympathy and fierce protection. She thought of the stronsr, blafek-bearded brother, with whom no man West or East had r dared to quarrel for many a long day, and of - the stern, determined father, whose bank account could crush a weak and ignorant j enemy down. j Let him dare to molest her there. .She ?' would claim the protection of the law, and defy a husband who had forfeited the obedience and affection o£ his wife by a blow. A blow! She never thought it would have come to that. Why had he not married one of the other girls, and let her go. She reflected angrily, that she mijrht have made a vastly A better match — might have gotten a man with money, and ' lived in style.' Even girls without half her accomplishments, without her good looks (she knew how good-looking she 'Sas!) without any of her prospects, had done better than she. How those girls must laugh at her, buried alive on a miserable selection with a boor for a mate ; living in wretchedness with hardly enough to eat ; tied to a log all her life ; com pelled to go on having children : dragged down into premature old age by hard work and the cares of a growing family. It was too much to expect of her. Society, religion, duty Bhould not aak it of her. It was more than Bhe had strength to do. She sat there thinking these and a thousand Buch thoughts till her heart ached. 'Hours had passed since, at the termination of that terrible scone, ho had stormed away to bis work in the fields leaving his shameful mark upon her face, leaving her to heal her bruised spirit as best she might whilst his Bonl was busy among his swedes. Tho dull winter afternoon was waning, and he would soon return to hor as sullenly as he had gone — perhaps to repeat his brutality ! She would never give him the chance! Her \ father's homestead was fully twelve miles awfiy ; but her mind was made up ; she would ' take her baby and go at once. She lifted it tenderly out of its cradip and letting it lay in her arms in a mother's .-way, fed it from the fountain that gushed abotve her heart. The infaut know not that as it drew its life from a mother's breast the mother's tears poured also — the twin streams of life and Borrow flowing side by side. When her child'* simple wants were satisfied the mother rapidly rolling the warm cradle clothes around it, winding a shawl about her own head, lookiug neither to the right nor the left, crossed through the door and walked quickly away, never to return. , It had been a still, cold, cloudy day. The ico of the previous night hardly melted where the creeks crept in under the shadows of the rocks. In deep gorges the waters splashed shiver ingly over the slippery stones. Beneath the shadowy trees a deep gloom bad settled. When the- branches were moved by the wind they grated together in a melan choly way, as if some Merlin, pinioned in their knotty trunks, had awakened to com plain of his 'endless captivity. Australian * nature has ever a tragical side. Mayhap, in uiiremembered ages, this continent was the Er-nnn nf Knmp. Promethean drama. It is still & haunted land, where old memories' dream in deep gullies and sad fancies' doze in dark mountain caves. The magpie swings in the tree tops singing dirges of the past, when the wind is high, and tho kookaburra laughs hysterically — the foresfc-knows more than it dare tell. As the woman of our story passed along the road across ' Black Mountain ' that she knew well enoueh, since it led to her birthplaoe and the fireside of hor kin, from the trrey sky close ovorbead flakeH of sn'ow began to fall, like white feathers, in the dusk. Ours is a land of sunshine, but upon the mountains in winter the snow often lays two or three feet deop on the ground, and the ice is thick enough at times to bear a man's weight. Hers was no craven character, but as night closed in and she fouud herself alone upon the road with tho silent snow falling faster and faster, she began to walk mora quickly. At times she was compelled to stop for a moment and consider — brushing the gathering suow from the clothes that covered her child as she did. It had grown dark, and sho commenced to be sorely puzzled about the way. There was no wind, and the snow covered the ground evenly, obliterating tho tracks, and making land-marks unrecognisable. Moreover, unlike the people of the bush, her instinct of locality had never been very strong. The events of the last twenty-four hours also had fevered j her mind. I She 'grew tired, anxious, and impatient. It | seemed that she had already boen an un I accountably long time upon tho road, j In the course of the next hour the idea gradually forced itself into her mind that she must have missed her way. The thought that she was lost sent a thrill all through her. She stoppud, shivering, a prey to that nameless dread which has overtaken many a traveller. Terrible tales of bush-benighted wanderers told over tho fire iu other niniits came to her then, and she caught the child closer to her bosom and walked on hurriedly. It was all night to her, without and within, and through the darkness of fearsome fancy glowed only one star — the light of her father's fireside. If sho could only reach it — to rest and forget ! Those who have been aweary will under stand. Sho struggled on with set face and fixed purpose, filled with many fears. Once she stopped to suckle the child when it woke and cried, standing with her back against a tree for shelter In the midst of this maternal duty the silence was suddealy broken by the sound of hoofs. With a great sigh of relief she realised that she was within reach of help. The woman had already opened her lips to cry out when she heard a wild ' Cooey !' It was her husband's voice. Then ensued one of those Btrange inward struggles that illustrate so vividly the oom plex character of this human j\Iind. ^ She was divided between a dozen conflicting impulses. It was plain that he had followed her. To drive her bask with blows aud curses or to kneel at her feet and bog forgiveness, which? It did not matter which. Whatever he did she knew would never efface the memory of whaf he had, done, aud in any case life with hifJi was no longer possible. ,, Then she thought of hsr child, and tho solitude and uncertainty by which she was surrounded almost made her cry out to him. Again Bhe felt tempted to throw herself upon his generosity, to tell him that she could no longer be as wife with him, and beg to take her to her father's place. But tho futility of that course was made plain. enough when she reflected upon it. All these things, and more, crossed her mind with incredible rapidity as she heard him approaching closer. _ Ho came near to where she stood in the shadow of the tree hushing the child .to her breast, lest it should cry out and betray her. Her heart was beating wildly. She half dreaded, half hoped, that he would perceive her. But he passed her close by, so close that she could almost have put out her hand and touched him from where she stood holding her breath and trembling. Sbe jnade no sign ! He passed on a little way aud turned back again. She wondered if lie had seen her tracks, but a second's reflection told her that the thickly falling snow would blot them out - in a few minutes. He was coming back, and she would have to live that awful suspense over again. He walked Blowly, leading his .horse by the bridle, vainly trying for traces of her. Two or three times he cooeed loudly and called her by name — there was something un earthly iu the sound of it — but still sho made no sign. Sho was conscious that he had approached within a few yards of her. Then in tho dim light reflected by the snow she saw him stop. He had perceived her? A mist swam before her eyes, and she wondered then why sho had not fainted. But he only paused to mount his horse. The search was over. He had given it up in despair. As he passed behind the tree that hid her she heard him sobbing — qnite plainly. And yet she made no sign ! Immediately he had passed she glided away like a ghost in the snow, with a great relief surgiug through her soul. Problem of tho Sphinx ! Uiddle without solution, let those solve it who have the skill. Even whilst she went, stiff with oold and almost frozen by the long delay, she took the dress from hor own body and wrapped it arouud the child, his child. -Hour followed hour, and over the white ground and through tho snow that never ceased falling, sho walked, carrying her bundle tenderly. But her strength was fast failing lier, and the terrible feelinir of uncer [ tainty as to the road reasserted itself. Sho had ascended and descended many steep hills, and walked over mnch level ground. Where woro tlio old familiar fences and tho remembered trees? The Darkness held them, and refused to deliver them up, even when she prayed. The thought that she had acted wickedly made her more anxious, she dreaded some catastrophe. Still she driurged herself along, ever mindful of the -child, ever careful to protect it from the cold. At length she found, with a fearful appre hension chilling all the blood iu her veins, that she could walk no further. She sank to the ground, and cried out feebly. No answer. Gradually a soft lethargy began to creep upon her. She had read of people beiug frozen to death, and tho feeling Bpurred her to make another effort. She struggled to her feet onoe more, and staggered on— on — on, through night, silenoe and the snow. Thus can men and women do who fleo from the ' house of bondage.' Those who know how to do so may-account I 1 for it ; as for me I cannot read tlio riddled ox theSphinx, they are beyond my ken. All tragedies have their faroioal side. Into this one, too, cumo Monlus — with a bullock bell ! She, who had just made up her mind to lay down and die, heard it tinkling through the cold night air, and with a cry of joy threw herself forward. The slip- rails leading up to the old home were right before her. Sho went through quickly, all her weariness forgotten, and almost running came noise lessly outside the door. The snow lay deep before it. She paused a minute, her heart beating and the blood in her ears, and then knocked first softly and then loudly enough to wake those within. There was a noise o£ someone moving about inside, and a voice asked, ' Who's there?' 11 Me.' Tho poor littlo inconsequent word came meekly and ended in a sob. A cry inside, lights, more voicos, more noise, and then the door swnng,open, and she who was without fell forward into a woman's arms with a loud, glad cry, ' Mother !' The belle of the district had ' gone back.' As tho snow ceased, and the moon drifted out on a white expanse of valley, ami flat, and range that glittered like an enchanted vision, a lonely man sat by his cold, deserted hearth, thinking as he had never thonght before. In illimitable spaoe above, the stars twinkled wickedly, wonderfully ; but he was not think ing of the stars. For as he turned to -go to his bed — alone — he growled to himself, with many uncouth oaths and much sorrov/ in his speeoh : ' If she's gono back home I've seen the last of her ; aud (with something very like a sob} it's all my own fault, letting her get ahead o' me. I should a' thrashed her from the jump !' Smithfield, N.S.W., June, 1895. HOMEW-iKDS. 