Lo-?al and General News. Publications Received.— The Aus tralian Field for June is, as usual, beautifully'printed and well got up, and contains a large and varied selection of news of use to farmers and others. The Australian Agriculturist is another, monthly of high merit, and contains ah interesting article dealing with the Cen tral Mill system in Queensland. The oia estaousnea Jturai Australian is bright and replete with short articles dealing with a variety of subjects. These three journals are a' credit to all con nected with them. Tho A.M.P. Society issues a handy pamphlet entitled ' As surance from the cradle to the grave,' worth perusal by those contemplating insuring. ' The Sdoar Season. — It should be noted by all men desiring to engage with tho C.S.R. Company that hands will be taken on at Broadwater on the 2nd J uly, and at Harwood and Condong on the 12th July. - Immediate application should be made to t.he managers for em ployment. Men continue to arrive from various parts of the colony, and are camping about the towns waiting for the cane season to begin. Business people generally will be glad when the season onens. as it will bricrhten thinirs un considerably. Deaths on the South Coast.— -We regret, to notice the demise of tho follow ing residents of the South Coast, who all passed away last week : — Mrs. Joseph Dobinson, of Figtree, daughter of Mrs. Gorrell, of Wollongong, aged 25 ; Mr. George Brown, of Corrinml, aged 24, after a short illness the result of a cold ; Mr. Timothy O'Connor, in the employ of Mr. T. W. Hungerford, Wollongong, aged over 70, who died from un attack of inflammation of the lungs ; and an infant child of Mr. and Mrs. J. Dobing, Keiravale. A Tribute to Zeal. — At tho Police Court yesterday Dr. Brereton was asked how he pleaded to a charge of permitting his cow to be at large. He replied : ' I plead guilty, and I will say that great credit is due to the inspector for the assiduous way in which he does his work. He does it very well indeed.' The doctor paid lis 8d to the Treasury. — Shoalhaven Telegraph. Another Ghost Scare. — An ex change is responsible for the following : — The people of Singleton have been much scared of late by some mysterious lights appearing in a paddock close to town after nightfall. Some years ago a man named Yickery, having a large sum of money in his possession, sud denly disappeared, and he never was heard tell of again. These lights ap pear where he was last seen. One night last week a large party gave chase to the lights, which moved as they approached, advancing as they did, and running or stopping as they did, then suddenly vanishing. So far the mystery has not beeu revealed, though large parties go out nearly every night on foot, and horse back to try to unravel it. Wouldn't Pay the Printer. — In the District Court at Tamworth, Todd and Hooke (proprietors of the Tamworth Observer) sued David Cohen for 5s, being one-sixth share of the cost of printing 100 ball programmes. Defen dant pleaded that he was not indebted. He said he never ordered the curds. The' case for the plaintiffs was that de fendant was one of u committee of six who got up a complimentary ball, and ordered the programmes in question. Defendant was treasurer to the com mittee, and produced an invitation card bearing his name. Mo t of the other members had paid their share, and the debt had been owing since 1892. Defendant, practically had no defence, and his Honor entered a verdict against him. How they do it in America. — A late cablegram states that the leader of a New York secret society, known as ' The Firebugs,' has been arrested. He has confessed that for many years the members of the society have been banded together with the object of setting fire to buildings, and obtaining the money for which they were insured. The profits of the society for the pre sent year he declares to have amounted to £40,000. The society, he added, in cluded some of the adjusters on behalf of the insurance companies. Missing Friend. — We have received a communication from Thomas Home, of Brill (England), seeking information' of his son Arthur Home. On enquiry we have been informed that the person required was sent to the asylum for the I insane from Grafton in the latter part- of 1893, and discharged in 1894. Any in formation of his whereabouts since his discharge will be forwarded on to his father, who is very anxious to obtain knowledge of his son. — Grafton Argus. Neatly Stated.— Sir Modred Mnc donald, the first Prime Minister of Canada, was fond of relating this story to illustrate the need of an Upper House : ' Of what use is the Senate ?' asked Jefferson, as he stood before the fire with a cup of tea in his hand, pour ing the tea into the saucer. ' You have answered your own question,' replied Washington. ' What do you mean ?' ' Why did you pour that tea into tho saucer 1' 'To cool it..' ' Even so,' said Washington, 'The Senate is the saucer into which we pour legislation to cool.' Bishop Green on Amusements. — The Bishop of Grafton and Armidule met a number of young men in the Trinity Hall, and delivered a striking, simple, plain, and humorous address on 'Amuse- ments.' His Lordship spoke for an hour. He congratulated the Rev. Mr. King on the formation of a Young Men's Institute ; gave his experienco of similar societies in a prosperous con dition in Victoria; hoped young men would 'hold to the one just formed in bull-dog fashion.' Tho Bishop advised all to indulge in amusements moderately, then they would be benefited ; but he impressed upon them the odvisubleness of not appreciating sports of a coarse or cruel nature, and spoke at some length on the errors and miseries of gambling. ? ? - ? - - ' ? ? ? '. - 