I WLLYHILBY; " " ' # AN OLD FRIEND IN NEW ATTIRE, xt came like an impassioned " serenade, in i the clear night air, across the sylvan glades of the Fitzroy Gardens. Listen I i Oh, Mol-ley Ri-i-tev,T lo-ove yon-u. Tell uie Mol-ley Ri -ley does your heart beat ' true, Mar-ay me, my dar-Iing, I'll die if you ' _aay no, And my ghost will come and hanni you, Mol-ley Riley. The swinging waltz refrfiin of the song was insinuatingly sweet. It clung to the memory like tiie smoke of incense to a garment. Be sides, one had heard it so often before. One heard the newspaper boy humming it at the top of Bourke street : — " Oh, Mol-ley Ri-i-ley Herald, sir? 'Ere y'are, sir — yes, sir, fift 'dxshun, thank yer sir ; (piano) I lo-ove yew, Tell me Mol-ley Ri (forte) Herald I Fift' 'dishun ; (piano) Tell me Mol-ley Riley does yes 'art 'ere, sir, I'm the bi yer al'ways gets yer 'erald from, not 'im ; right y'are, sir ; (piano) Mar-ry me, my dar-lin' " — and so on ! v . Then everybody one met would persist in ohanting Molly Rifey. .The miHrmn hummed it, so did the batcher, so did the housemaid as she washed the doorsteps, so did the policetnau on his beat, so did the sub-editor as he dashed his merciless blue pencil through your choicest paragraphs; so did the compositor who ret up -the mangled remains of what you knew to be almost classic litera ture. It is supposed that the very judges on the Bench have caught the infection and have hammed Molly Riley as they turned over the worm-eaten pages of calf -bound expensive tedionsneu they are pleased to call law, I don't know how long I had been sitting on that seat in the gardens when I saw two figures coming towards me through the gloom. One waa the figure of a youth, the other that of a girl. The youth was dressed in a dark blue satin bicycle suit and had bright golden- hair, and oh ! such a figure ! such grace ! such suppleness ! such -elegance of limb and carriage of head ! I think 1 had seen the comely youth before; at a certain pantomime I wot of. He kissed the girl under a gam tree — I couldn't help knowing he did it, though I turned my head awav — and as he left her the lass tripped towards me. Somehow I knew that she was Molly RUey. As she gave me an arch, sanoy look, I felt justified in addressing her.. "Miss Riley, I presume," said I. "Miss Molly Riley.'' 'The same, sir, M she replied; dropping me a curteey. " I have heard a great deal about you, my dear," I added. ; ' "Oh, I dare say you have. T am pretty well known all. over the British Empire, I believe." ' Dear me ; you don't sayso." " :. a - " Ob yes. 1 am the heroineof tbe song of the day, you know. At this very time I am being sung about on hundreds of stages in theatres in England and Ireland, and the British colonies. Oh, lean tell yon, ijieyall know Molly Riley." I believe I am as well known as Queen Victoria. I pride myself on being the idol of an Empire. You are surprised, but you have but a poor concep tion, I fear of fhe popularity of a song that catches "on. Why, 111 be bound that if you were in London at this very moment you would hear the little boys in the, street sing ing, " My ghost will come and haont yon, Molly Riley." iron would hear toe same in Dublin, in Cork, in Manchester, in Edin burgh, in Glasgow, in Liverpool, in Birming ham — just as you hear them sin gin g the song in the streets of Melbourne, and inSydney. I tell you, Sir, tbat Molly Riley is a great oharacter — an universally diffused - per sonality." " I should like to know more about you, Miss Molly Riley, and where were you born?" "Ah, that' another story. Let me whisper in your ear." She put her dainty lips near to me, so Jthat I could taste the jefeetness of her breath. 14 1 never die !'' ! "What!" " Listen ! Do you remember tbe song of Daisy tbat used to be sung last year ?" Did X remember Daisy ! I hummed the air to her : — " Daisy, Daisy, give me yonr answer true, I'm half orazy all tor the love of you, 1 It won't fie a 'stylish marriage j I can't afford oarriage. But you'll look sweet, Dn toe seat, Of a bicycle bnilt for two." Molly clapped her bands with glee. "I am glad that you remember me in that form," she said. She caught my look of amazement, and explained herself. "The truth is," she said, " that I change my form once a year, at least ; sometimes more of ten. I find tbat ; the people get tired of me after a time." " Madame," I said,' " T don't believe I could ever get fcired of you. You are altogether charming." . " Thankjoa; but .yon see, an j Empire is : so large, so, in order to hold ray swayi knowing toe fickleness of the great pnbfie, I change iny;- form, my name soft my time t frequently. 1 wafeDaisjr las year, ysaror J two ago ! was known 4Bimrytrhere tool fongnage fs «m nll ipbken to' Annie Rooney. Do yon remember xne in thaticrm? Shall I ting you the refrain ?" "Dh.pieeee do." She buret. into silvery song, " She's my sweetheart, I'm her J o ! She's my Annie, I'm her beau, Soon we'll marry, never to pArt, For littie Annie Rooney is my sweetheart!" < 4 Ah, "said I, " I recogniie you again — of eourss I do. The badness of your English and the strained nature of yonr rhyme is un mistakable. But bow many changes you must go through f " Yes, I reincarnate about once a year. As soon as I find toe people getting tired of me in one form, I put it away, i -dress np afresh, turn on a fresh time, end again conquer all hearts. A short time ago " there was a rage for coster songs, so I pnt on a big hat with a gaudy feather, and sallied forth as 'Liza. Do yon remember 'Liza ? Her chorus was like this : — Oh, 'Liza, dear 'Liza, . If yer dien old maid yer 'ave only j yerself to blime, i Oh, 'laza, dear 'Liza, JOw d'yer fancy 'awkins for yer other nime. Before I -was 'Liza I was Sweet Eatie Connor, before that I was the Maid of the Mill, years ago I was Sweet Bells Mahone." " But stop a minute. If I remember , rightly, both the Maid of the Mill and Belle ! Mabone died. How can. you have been a corpse ? " Ah, that's one of my little tricks. Yon see, the public is sometimes afflicted with amatory morbidness, and like3 a love song with a post-mortem tinge. When that is so. I adopt a idee tone and pretend to be dead. Of course, is is only my fun. I come : np smiling again next year in another shape, to a waltz refrain, and a flavor of kissing about my verses, and so I wis my way again into popularity." " Dear me, all this is very interesting, Miss Riley, or Rooney, or Connor, or Daisy, or Mahone, or whatever your real name iB." She laughed heartily. "But can you tell me what name and tuue you will adept next year? I should like to know in ad vance, you know." " What about copyright ?" she said, with a business air. " Oh no, I'm afraid I can't do that unless you promise yon will never reveal a note of it." I promise, on my honor." " " Then I'll sing you a verse of the song I am preparing for myself and which every- i body will know in a few months." She tuned up her voice, shook her skirls for a dance and commenced to sing— it was awfully sweet and winsome — when, snd- deniy'— I felt a heavy hand on my shoulder, and a gruff voice in my ear. 1 rubbed my eyes, and, lboking up, tound a policeman standing over me. I - was very cold. It was past midnight.' I suppose I must have been asleep and dreaming. Molly Riley was nowhere to be seen. 