A Ghost Scare, Some uneaslness has been created amoung residents of Richmond, Victoria, by the appearance of a mlschievous idiot who has been figuring in the Northern suburbs. The ' ghost ' was seen in three different parts of Rlohmond on Friday night, Its movements being characterised by a remarkable celerlty of pace. The first intimation regarding it was recieved from a youth who was badly frightened in a small, dark thoroughfare branching off Punt road, opposite the Rich mond cricket ground. He states that he first observed in the distance the figure of a man in a soft black hat and big overcoat of the same color, moving along at about the pace of a bicyclist. When within about ten yards of him the figure whirled round and, throwing open the great coat, exhibited the words,' Prepare to meet thy doom ' in luminous paint, The youth, aghast with fright, stood motionless, while the figure sped noiselessly towards the Yarra Park. Half an hour later— a few min utes to 12 o'clock — the night watchman in Simpson's road felt something whisk past him at great speed, and saw a dark object disappear into a thoroughfare on the opposite side of the street. He followed, and was just in time to see it scale a fence over 6 feet high. Later on Constable Conroy encountered the same figure at the Intersection of Hlghett and Lennox street, North Richmond, but it. darted off into Separation street at a speed that is estimated by the constable at 20 miles an hour. Conroy as soon as the flgure moved guessed what It was, and called out, ' Stop, or I'll fire,' but the threat was un heeded. He states, ' I was well within shooting range, but I had no revolver with me. The figure seemed to move along in leaps and bounds of from 12 to 15ft, making no sound beyond a slight cllnking from something attached to Its feet or legs. I ran my hardest but I was outpaced after I had gone about 100 yards, I saw the object draw up near a gas lamp, a quarter of a mile ahead, and I got within 25 yards of it, again callling out, ' If you don't stand I'll fire.' In a moment the object had disappeared from view. It is generally believed that the masquerader's rate of speed is due to an apparatus after the principle of roller skates, with pneumatic tires to the rollers. 