SONS OF FIRE. BY M133 BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley'a Seorab," "The Fatal Three," "The Day will Gome," "The Doator'a Wife," "Thou art the Mao," &o.; CHA.PTKLI XXVlU.-{CoiitiMcd). Tflfc UCSTtStt J?LACi2 OF WATKttS. Throughout the reoord of Afrioan travel there is that dark feature of the story—the traveller who is left behind. Sometimes it is the fever liend that lays a soorohing hand upon the fearless adventurer, flings hitn down to sutler thirst and pain, and heaviness, and delirious horrors, in the foul darkness of a bee hive hut, to die in a dream of home, with shadowy faoes looking down at him, familiar voiaes talking with him. Sometimes he falls in a ring of savago foes, hemmed round with hideous faces, foes as fieroe and implacable as lion or leopard-, foes who kill {or the sake ol killing ; or oannibals, for whom man is the choicest banquet. The hazards of the pilgrim age take every shape, death by drowning, death by massaore, death by smallpox or jungle fever; death by starvation, by the bursting of a gun, by beasts of prey. In every story of travel there is always that dark page whioh tells of the tnan who is left. Dillon, Farquhar, the two Pooooks, Jameson, Barbe lott, Weiesemburger. The ghosts that haunt the pathway of tropical Africa are many; but these melanaholy shadows exeroiee no' deterring influence on the traveller who sets out to-day, strong, elate, hopeful, inspired by an eager ouriosity whioh takes no heed of trouble or of risk. "Which of us three is to stay behind?" Geoffrey asked himself in a gloomy wonder. Not Partington, lie had come to the stage at whioh the traveller bears a oharmed life. It is seldom the experienced wanderer, the man of many journeys, who falls by the wayside. Hotheaded youth, bold in its ignoranoe of danger, perishes like a bird caught in a trap. The strong frame of the trained athlete shrivels like a leaf in the hot blast of fever. The careless boatman tempts the perils of a diffioult passage, and iB swept over the stony bed of the torrent, and vanishes in the fathom less pool._ The hardened traveller knows what , he is about, and can reckon with tho forces of that gigantic nature whioh ho faces and defies. It is the tyro who pays tho pries of his inexperience^ and, in the history of African travel, thoeUrvival of the fittest ia the': rule. *' Which of us V That question had entered into the. very fabrio of Geoffrey's thought*. Sometime?, sitting. by tbs oarap-fire as the rhillinesa of night orept' around them, '•"> grisly fanoy would flash across, his reverie^-.; and he would think that the,pale mist that rose about Allan's figure, on the other side of:, the oirole, was the visionary shroud which the Highlander seas upon tho shoulders of a friend marked for death. . "Would it be Allan!" If it were AUanV he, Geoffrey, would hasten home to tell the sad story, and then—to claim bcr whose too tender conscientiousness had refused happi ness at Allan's expense. Allan gone,'there would be no reason why she should dsny her love. *""" "Nor I know, I know that she loves ine,"_ Geoffrey repeated to himself. He had been telling himself that story ever sinoe be left England. No denial from those lovely lips, no words of eoorn, would oonvinoe him that he was unloved. Beoould recall looks and tones that told another story He had seen the gradual ^change in her whioh told of an awakening heart, "She never know what love meant till she knew me," he told himself. Did he wish for Allan's death ? No, there was no suoh hideous thought in the dark labyrinth of hiB mind, or. at least, be believed that there was not. One must perish! lie bad so brooded over the story of former victims that be bad Caught himself to look upon one lost life as inevitable. But the lot was as likely to fall upon him an. upon Allan. More likely, since his habits were more reoklnss and more adventurous than Allan's. If there was danger to be found, he and bis Malcololoa courted it, Shooting expeditions, raids upon unfriendly villages, hand-to-hand ekirmishea with Mi ram bo's brigand tribes: be aad hie Mako loloa were ready for auything. He bad travelled over hundreds of miles with his war like little Rang—exploring, shooting, fighting —while Patrington and Allan wore living in dreamy inantion, waiting for better weather, or for the recovery of half a dozen ailing pagazis. Assuredly he who ran euch super iluous risks was tire more likely to fall by the way. Well, death ie a solution of all diffi culties. "If I am dead it will matter tome very little that my blight, ineffable coquette is transformed into a sober, middle-aged wife, and that she and Allan are smiting at each other across the family breakfast-table, in a oommoupUco domestic*paradise. But while £ live and am young I shall think of her and long for her, and hate the luoky wretch who wins her. If we should bath go book, if Patrington's tough bones are the bones that are to whiten by the way, and not Allan's or mine, why, then, wo shall again be rivals, and the years of exile will beonly a dream that we have dreamt." It was a strange position in whieh these two young men found themselves. Friends, almost as brothers in the close intimacy of that solitude of three, only three diviiized thinking beings amidst a crowd of oreatures who seemed as far apart as if they had belonged to the forest fauna—the great nnte lope family—or the Simian race. These two, so nearly of an age, reared in tho same country and the same sooial sphere, united and sympa thetic at every point of contaot between mind and mind, aud yet keeping this one deep gulf of silence between them. They spoke to each other freely of all things except of her, and yet each knew that she was the one absorbing subjeot in the mind of the other. Eaoh knew that her image went along with tbem, was never absent, never less distinctly lovely, even when the way was fullest of hardship and peril, when every yard of progress meant a struggle with thorns that tore them, and brambles that lashed them, and the tough, rank verdure oarpet that clogged their feet. Neither bad ever ceased to remember her, or to think of these adven turous days as anything else than exile from her. Whatever interest or enjoyment there might be in that varied experienoe of a land where beanty and ugliness alternated witl startling transitions, it was not possible tha either Allan or Geoffrey could forget the reason they were thore, far from the fair faces of women and from all the ease and pleasant ness of civilized life. Geoffrey had the batter ohanoe of oblivion, since those wild.excursions and explorations of his afforded all the excitement of the un trodden and the hazardous. The caravan road from the coast to Ujiji, with all its varieties of hardship, was too beaten a traok for this fiery spirit. At svery hsltiug plaoe he went off at a tangent; and if his oomrades threatened not to wait for his return lie would pledge himself to rejoin tbem farther on, laughing to soom every euggestion that he aud his little oompany of Makololos and Wouyamwesis couMIobb themselves in the wilderness. He wan more id touoh with the men than Allan—as familiar with tbeir ways and idea, as Patringbon after many years travel. He had learnt their language with a marvellous quiokness—not the oopious language of civili zation and literature, be it remembered—'but the terse and useful vocabulary of the cainp and the hunting-ground, the river and the road. He understood his men and their dilferont temperaments as tew travellers learn to understand, or desire to understand them. And yet there was bub little Christian bene volence at the root of this quick eympathy and comprehension. Although, as an English man, Geoffrey would havo given no sanobion to the sale and barter of his fellow-oreaturesj these dark servants were to him no more than slaves—so much oarrying power and so muoh fighting power, subject to hie domination. It pleased him to know their oharaoters, to he able to play npon their strength and weakness, their ferocity snd tbeir greed, just as surely as he manipulated the stops of the great organ at Diaoombe. These Afrioans gave a name of tbeir own choosing to almost everybody. They christened the great Sultan of the interior Tippo-Tib. beoause of a ourious blinking of his eyes. Cantain Trivier obtained his nick name on aooaunb of his eyeglass. Another man was named after his spectacles. The Sultan of Ujiji was called Roumariza—"It is ended"—beoause ha bad snooeeded in reduoing belligerent tribes to peaceful settlement For the Englishman in particular Africa could always find a nickname, based on some insignifioant detail of manner or appearanoe. For Englishmen in general ehe has found a nobler- sounding name. She oalled them Sons of Fire. Geoffrey, with his tireless energy, his rapid deoision, his angry impatienoe ot delay, seemed to his followers the very highest ex emplar of the fiery race that can persevere and conquer difficulties which the native of the soil recoils from as insurmountable. Sons of Fire ! Were they not worthy o! the name, these white men, when far out in midstream, while the boatmen bent and cowered over their paddles, these Englishmen looked in the face of the lightning and sat calni and unmoved while day darkened to the pitch)' bla.iVnese of a starless midnight, and the tbund r reverberated from hill to! bill with roar upon roar and peai' upon pea jjuce the booming of heavy batteries, and ■anon crashed and rattled with a sharper, nearer sound. Blinding lightning, torrential rain, war of thunder and tempestuous waters, : were all at nothing to these eons of fire. ! Their spirits rose amidst hnrrioaneor thunder storm ; they .were full of life and gaiety ' . ; while the ooDkleshell oanoet were being tossed upon the short choppy sea like forest leaves upon a forest brook, and when every sudden . gust threatened destruction. They laughed at peril, and insisted upon having the oanaee out when their native followers saw danger _ siding on the wind and death brooding ever ' the waters. They met the spirit of murder, and were not afraid. They lay down to sleep in the midst of an unknown wilderness with savage beasts lurking in the darkness that surrounded their'tents. -They forded rivers that swarmed with crocodiles — horrible .stealthy creatures, swimming deep down below the surface of the water, the piaoid . beautiful water, with lotus Dowers sleeping in \- the sunlight, and soaiy monsters waiting \- underneath in tho shadow. _ Panther, orooodile, tempest, fever, or sun ■ stroke, poisoned arrows from murderous foes, were only so many varieties in the story of adventure. Through every vioissitude the ready wit and oalm oourage of the English man rose superior to aooident, disoomfors or danger; aCd to the native temper tbeBe wan ~ derers from a far country, an island whioh they had beard of as a spook in a narrow sea, seemed men of iron with souls of fire. Geoffrey would admit no malingering, would acoepb no idle pretexts for inaction or delay. His little band, pioked out from the \- ruck of their porters, were always on the . move, save in these rainy interludes whioh made movement impossible ; and even then . Geoffrey fretted and fumed, and was inclined to question the impraotioability of « bunting expedition through those torrential " Did you ever bear of a fox-hunter stop ping at home becaueeof a wet day 2" he aeked Cecil Patringtou impatiently. " Did you ever see such rain as this in a fox-banting country 1" retorted Patrington, pointing through an opening in the door of the hub to tbo eheet of falling water whieh blotted out all beyond, and splashed with a thud into the pool that filled the enclosure. The deep eaves kept the rain out of the huts, but not without oocesional aooident— spoilt provisions, damp gunpowder. It was a rude awakening from dreama of home to find one'e bed afloat on a pond of riling waters, Geoffrey had taken upon himself the task of providing meat for the party, Patrington's lasy, happy -go-lucky temper readily oeding that post of distinction to the new-comer. A man who had ahot every species of beast that inhabits the great oontinent oould easily sur render the privilege of finding meat dinners along the route ; so he only ueod his gun now and then when the humour prompted, and for the most part smoked the pipa of peace and read Diokena in the repose of a day's halt, while Geoffrey roamed off with his Winohester rifle' and his little band of obse quious dark-skins. And now in this period of waiting there was the great inland sea to explore; those romantio shores with their wealth of animal life; those waters teeming with fisb, hemmed round and guarded by the majesty of moun tains whose lofty peaks and hollows no foot of man had ever trodden. There was plenty of -scope for movement and adventure here, eo long as the rains kept off ; and the three men made good use of their time, and the canoes were rarely idle or the rowers allowed to shirk upon the favourite protenoe of bad weather. So long as there was something to be done, Geoffrey and Allan were happy ; but with every interval of repose there came the familiar heartaohe, the longing for home-faces, the sense of disappointment and loss. Sometimes alons by the lake, while the lamp was shining on the faces of his two friends yonder in the verandah, where they eat playing ohess, alono in the awful stillness of that vast mountain gorge, the waters rippling with plaoict movement, only faintly flecked with whiteness here and there in the blue dis tanoe, Geoffrey's longing for that vanished face grew to an almost unendurable agony. He felt as if he oould bear this anguish of severance no more. He begau.to calculate the length of the homeward journey. Oh, the wearioesB of ib 1 for him whose impacienoe the fastest express train would ba too slow. He shrank appalled from tbeoontomplation of the distance be had put botweeu himself and the woman he loved, the intolerable distance thousands and thousands of miles — and the difficulties and vicissitudes of the journey; all the foroes of tropioal nature to contend with, dependent upon eavages, subjecb to fevers that hinder and stop the eager feet, and lay the weary body low, a helpless log to waste days and nights in burning agony— to awaken and find a caravan dwindled by desertion, luggage plundered, new impedi ments to progress. Why had he been so mad as to oome here? That was the question which he asked himself again and Bgain in the stillness of night, when the mountain-peaks stood out in eilvery whiteness and the mountain-chasms were pits of blackest shadow. Why bad he, a free agent, master of its life and its golden opportunities, made himself a volun tary exile ? "What demon ot revolt) and impatienoe drove me out) into the wilderness when I ought to have followed linr and refused to believe in her uukiudness, and iusssted . ujion being heard, and heard again, and rejected again, only to be aooepted later? ! And now ehe will believe no more in my love. The man who oould leave her, who could try to cure himself of his passion for her—suoh a man is unworthy to be remembered. Some one else will appear upon the scene — that un known rival whom do man fears or foresees till the hour Bounds and he is there—some arrogant lover, utterly unlike Allan or me— who will not adore her as we have adored— who will approaoh her not as a slave, but as a master, who will win her in a month, in a week, with fi6roe swift wooing, startle and scare her into loving him, win her by a ' ooup domain.' That Is the sort of thing that will happen, while I am standing by these Afrioan waters, si ok with longing fpr her. Is it night and moonlight in England, I wonder? Are ehe and her new lover walking in the old sleepy garden ? No, it is winter there, they are sitting at the piano, perhaps, in the lamp light, her little hands moving about the keys —he listening and pretending^ to admire, knowing no more about musio than the coarsest of my Pagazis. Oh, it is maddening to think of how I am losing her ! And I oame here to oiire myself of loving her. Oure ! There is no oure for such a passion as mine. It grows with absence — it strengthens with time." And now the Masilra, the dreaded rainy season, began, the rain—sunburnt with a sickly oppressive heat; and over all nature there crept the death-like silence that comes before a storm. No longer was heard the wail of the fish-eagle nailing his mate, and the answering call from afar. No diver flitted, blaok, long, and lanky, over the water;. The big white and grey kingfisher had vanished from bisperoh upon the branqhea that over hang the lake, ISven the ranee in the sedges, noisiest of birds for the most part, were mute in anticipatory terror. Thick darkness brooded over the long line of frills on the fur ther aide of the lake; ana from "Djiji nothing could be seen bat a waste of livid waters tauohed here and there with patches of white. Then through that dreadful stillness rolled the loug low muttering of the thunder and lightning flashes, pale and eiokly, pieroed the overhanging pall of night- in-day —and then the tempest, in all its majesty of terror, the roar of winds and waters, the artillery of heaven pealing, oraokling, rattling, booming from yonder fortress of unseen giante, the oitadel of untrodden hills. And after the storm the rain, the ceaseless,' hopeless, uelauoholy rain, a wall of water shutting out the world. Therewaehothiogforit to sit m the rude shelter of the tembe, and but amuse one's self as best one might, cleaning guns and fishing-tsokle, mending nets, playing cards or chess, reading, talking, disputing, execrating the enforced inaction, the deadly monotony. For Goolfey'a reatlesa spirit that rainy season was absolute torture; and it needed all the forbearance and goodnature of his companions to bear with hie irrita bility and fretful complaining against inexor able nature. Kven Tatringbon, the best-tempered, most easy-going of men, was disgusted atGeoffrey's feverish impatience. " I begin to admire the wisdom of a vulgar proverb — two's ooinpany, three's none," he said to Allan aoross tho oheseboard, hb they arranged their men, sitting in the light of the wood fire while Geoffrey lay taet asleep in his bammook after . the weariness of sleepless nights. "Your friend is a very bad traveller — a iine-weather tra veller, a man who must have sport and variety' and progress all along the route. That kind of man isn't a pleasant companion in Central Africa. If courage and aotivity are essential, patience is no less needed. Your friend has plenty of pluck; but there's too muoh quick silver in bis veins. He exercises an extraor dinary influenoe upon the men; but he is just the kind of fellow to quarrel with tbem and get murdered by them if ho were left too much to his own devices. It would need very little for them to think that fiddle of his an evil spirit, and smash it and him too. On the whole, Oarew, I wish you and I were alone, for with yonder gentleman," pointing to the motionless figure under the striped rug, "I feel as if I had undertaken the oare of a troublesome ohild, and Africa, don't you know, isn't the right place for spoilt brats." " Geoffrey will be himeelf again when these beastly rains are over. Ho's a splendid fellow, and I know you like him." " Like him ? Of oourse I like him. Nobody could help liking him. He has the kuaok of making himself liked, loved almost, but he's aorank for all that. Allan, mark my words, that(oung man is a crank." Allan's heart. sank at this expression of opinion, short, sharp, decisive. He remem bered what he had heard of Geoffrey's birth from the lips of Geoffrey's mother. Oonld one expect perfect soundness of brain, perfect balance of mind and judgment in a man who bad entered life in a world of dreams and hallucinations? 