A Montana Divorce Suit By IV. L. Aixr.x i.r "Tni-: Iw.r.n/' " Von «iw that tall cbup fsiniidiug ou the rer-r platform <d the express when hIu wi-ni through here this morning?" >jiid the Jericho station-master. " H'? the Aikcneviil'. Baptist preacher, and i:ee on hi way to Chicago to give hi.- u«tii»:ony in ti.e fireat divorce suit . What'. I never tuid you about any divorce suit/ Well! you surprise me : for that there divorce suit Is just the biggest thing of the kind wc have ; eser huff in this seeliou oi the countrv. "Tim' Baptist preacher hasn't anything to do with it except to swear that he married the plaintiff aud the deieudant. There's notbiug crooked about the P».et. Mr Humphreys. He's as good ns they make 'em, though I Bay it my&eif; : and I don't think much of Baptists ar a general thing, bavir.u been btoaght up a Methodist, though I rcngiivd from them wheel was made a conductor, which is a berth that a man can't do any thing with unless be can swear a blue streak when the occasion arises. "Thisbyer preacher look charge of Atbem- villa Baptist Church a matter of five year ago, aud being a wonderful man for managing a church, aou making ri ultrac- live to ihe general public, it wasn't long before he had ibe largest cougregatift.i of auv preacher in the place. That year the people built him a new church twice hp big as the old one. It stands on the hill about a mile out of Aihensrille, for when it was built it was cai'latod that the town would prow iu that direction, which somehow it h&su;'c done. " I tell this just to show what au enter- priffnu man the parson was. He insisted on h&vicg; the tallest steeple to his new church that could be found anywhere in Montana territory, and b'gosh ! he got ir. Teoplc used to come from miles away to climb up in that steeple and see the view. There wasn't any view to speak of, the country being too hilly in these parts to have much scenery, bnt for all that people were anxious to say that they bad been to the top of the steeple. "There was &n; old maid in Mr Humph rey's congregation who waa mora determined to set married than any woman you ever saw. Sho was cue of those thin, preserring- looking women ; and & mighty dangerous sort they are. Miss Payson, which was tliis lady's name, waa bound to marry ayouug man by the name of Halsey, who had never done her any harm, and was about as sensible and well-behaved a chap as there was in all Athensville. Of course, he didn't have the least idea of marrying the woman, but be was one of those uood-temperea chaps that are always afraid to say so when aweman asks tnem to do anything. Good temper is tbc ruin of lots of folks. It's kept me down, I know that. If I'd been one of tbeM? crusty, rampaceous fellows that never does a kind action if be oau help it. I should have been superintendent of tins roo.il iu- stead of being only a station- master atone of the smalleit stations in the Territory Never you be too good- tempered. Of the two, it ruins more men than whisky. " One day, Miss Payson she gets young Halsey to take her up iu the Hteeple of the Baptist Church. You see, visitors were al ways going up that steeple between the hours oi ten aud five, duriug which the sexton stayed at- the church to attend to things, and See that everybody conducted themselves as they should. At o o'clock ho locked up the door that led to the steeple, and then he locked np the church door and weut home for the night. "Miss Payeon and ber young man went, up the steeple about three o'clock iu the afternoon, but she said ehe enjoyed it to much that Hei&cy; was prevailed upou to stay there with hot & good deal later than he had intended to stay. She kept him pointing out all the houses iu the town and every bill and valley In the whole neighborhood ; and when she finally asked him to look at bis watch aud tell her the time, ebe was. as rhe pretended, dread fully alarmed to tiud that it was half -past five. Halsey ran down tho eraira aud found that the door wus lucked, aud nobody was within huariug. - The sextou hod forgotten- that there was anyone up the eteeple and had locked up and gone home at firco' clock, -as usual. Halsey came back and told MitsPay- >on, who burst into tears, aud said that her re. puutieu was mined. She aod Halsey would. Lave toepondlhe night in the steeple unless lie waa willing totjiimp out of the window and break his neck'; and she would rather die 1 a thousand times than iet him do that. % "Hal Key was considerably scared Aipnself; for ha saw that, unless ho could iuyent some way of getting Miss .- Payson out of that steeple, hd would have .4o marry her whether be wan.tid tdornot. He lliought the matter over for a -while. Miss Payeon weeping her level best, and resting ber Lend in s forgetful eort'Hof way ou lufl- bhoulder. v finally . a bright idea struck hiin. There was the bell rope, which 'waa a stout oue-mch mauilja.' "Why feboide'n't he 10 wor Ui«s Payson to .iTe ground with it, and then slide down Hiiim- 6e!f? " Ho explained his plarT to tfce ladyr hut ' shedidu'taeem to like it. ilscvaidtbo was sure the rope wouid break, or that be would drop it, or that she would be killed in tome fort' of way if the experiment was Cried. No, says she, 1 will remain here, aud trust to your honor aa a gentleman to defend me from ti e sneers of the heartlEBS'."Vorld./H- really haven't the courage to allow you bo loner in down this awful height with any rope. "Halsey wouldn't hear to her objections, and urgued with her along timo. It wasn't until he accidentally mentioned that the steeple waa just chocK full of mice, and rats, und bats, and rucU that Mies Payson con sented lo try the rope. Even thou ebo was a mighty dissatisfied woman, and oame very tear resclvine that eke would take the risk of the wild animals rather than Jceo such a first- claEfl chance of capturing a desirable husband. Htthcv ringed up a sort of seat for the woman, so that she could sit iu the bight of the rope, with lashings around Lor here and there, and couldn't fall our- if she wanted to. Then he got her to stand on the window ledge, and lowered away Miss Tayeou shrieked a cnod deal at first and begged Halbcy to let her ccme back and die close to him, but he wasn't poing to have any woman dyiug around Lis neck if he knew liiiusclf. So he lowered her down gently and easily, encouraging her all the time, till he found that his rope had come to an end. It wasn't quite an long as be had supposed that it waa, and the upshot was tbat there was Mies Payson about thirty feat from the ground, with no possible way of reaching it unless Halsey should iet_go his . .. hold of the rope. " He thought of lottinggo of it, but, being a humane, good-tempered man, as I have said, be couldn't bring himself to do it, sinoe the result would have been that either Miss Paysan would have been killed nr at least most of ber limbs would have been broken. So he made the end of the rope fast to a beam, and called out to Miss Payson not to lose courage, and he would uoon think of some way of getting her out of the difficulty. Sbe begged him to draw her up again, and he actually tried to do it, knowing all the while what the consequences would be if be succeeded ; but he found thai he didn't have the . neces sary strength. Miss Payson was heavier than she looked to be, though she was mostly bones ; but she was a good seventy-five feet? below bim and it would have taken two men of his strength to have hoisted her into the steeple again. He pulled at the rope till he was pretty near exhausted, for he natur ally felt a little ashamed of acknowledging to a woman that there was anything that he w&su;'t strong enough to do. However, be had to corns to it at lost, and tell her that if it was to save both their lives he couldn't manage to pull her back into the steeple. So she settled do w& to cry, and be settled down to smoke a pipe, with a view to clearing his ideas. " All of a sudden he saw what he ought to do, and wondered that he had been 6ucb an idioi as not to have teen it belorc. There was . the boll just above hiB head, and all be bad to do was to climb up and ring it by swinging- tlie clapper from ride to side, till the alarm should brine back the sexton with tbe key. By this time it «as getting rather dark, aud llal-.f-y oet to work' at that bell, and kept on tolling it slow end regular, for that was iba ouly way lie could manage to ring ir. "It's the custom with us to .toil the hell when anybody dies, and to give just ae many strokes on the beli a« the deceased had lived year. When Halsey began to loll that bell the Atheus- villc people listeued to fiud out how old tiie deceased had been When the sjtr okeH had i-ot up among the eighties tbey allowed that the oldest settler in tbe town mutt have died very sudden, lor he lud been seen drunk as usual and in perfect health that afternoon as late three o'clock. But tho bell kept on, and soon, after it had tolled some two hundred asd fifty times, and showed no signs of Mopping, folks begau to thinkthat the sexton ' htfd just happened to hear about tbe death «>f Methusclati, ami wag notifyiajrother people of ibefact. " Ycu miy arit why didn't somebody go io tbe ciiurch and find out what the bell was ringing for. Well, ior one tlune it was just supper time, and nobody feU anxious to take a walk of a mile or two just at that hour. Then, too, it had been said that the Baptist churchyard was haunted, and there wasn't any general de sire to interfere with ghosts in case they should have taken a notion to toll the bell. Tbe tolling kept on till Halrey had toiled the bell four .hundred times, and then the Rev . Mr Humphreys arrived on the spot ; and when he heard MieB Payeon's voice some where in the air over hia head, be was con siderably startled, though not being a be liever io ghosts he wasn't the least bit fright ened. "'How ou earth did you come up there, ma'am ? ' asks the'g Minister. And what arc you tolling the bell fori- ' " Miss PayFon explained what was the matter. /She said that she and Mr Halsey had come to the church in the afternoon cal- laring to find the parson there, and to get married ; that not finding him they had gone into the steeple to fee the view and had acci dentally been locked in. She was sure that she couldn't live many minutes longer, she felt so weak, and she hoped Mr Hum phreys would marry her to Mr Balsey with- out another minate's delay, and « £avjs Iter - reputation, even if it didn't ssvelierlife The < minister wanted to sendfor help, andjetlier/ i afe on the solid ground before marrying her, bat she said that she must be married before sbe could dare to' face- aby ot her .. townsmen, ouch, she said, , were ; alto dear Mr Haleey's views ; and if MrHuiSpbreys had the feelings of a man and a Christian, let alone a Baptist minister, be would go ahead with the marriage set vice. "Mr Humphreys finally consented, _ and '' called out to Halsey to hod ' when he should see the minister wave hie right arm, that being the only way in which H&Uev; could make the responses, seeing as his voice didn't fairly reach te tbc ground. Having arranged this satis factorily, as he thought, Mr Humphreys went ahead, and in about two minutes he had Miss Payson married to Mr Halsey. Just then the sexton came up with the keys and koowine where be could lay his band on a length of rope, be took it np into the steeple with him, and beut it on to the bell rope. Then he and Mr Halsey lowered Miss pay- son to the ground, and came down the stairs together. " You'll find your wife waiting ior you in tbe graveyard,' said Mr Humphreys to Mr Halsey, She's naturally & little excited, and she's resting on & fiat tombstone.' , 44 11 you me&n; Misa Payson,'' says Halsey, 4 J can't understand "why you -nail her my wife.' 44 4 1 call her your wife,' said the minister, because I have juet married yon two, ,uid .. I don't allow no man to question tbe binding .character of any marriage' that I have a hand Married us !' cried Halsey. When and where?. This is the first ttiine. J have heard of it.' . " == i>4Yonng uian/ says the parson, ' 4au- byer's a eeiious subject, and I don't ap prove ot jokes on either weddings or fuucmlg. Miss Payson told me whe& she was-- swinginc there in ihe air that you and sbe granted to bo married the worst way, and so I married you. If there is any mistake I'm not to blame. I've done my best as minister of tho Gospel, aud if you don't like it yon can go to the Divorce Court and see if you can get it altered. I tell you candidly that 1 don't believe any court will listen to you, for my marriages arc ironclad and1 bullet proof every time, and worth a good right more than five dollars that I'm waiting- for you to pay me. 41 Well, Halsey went home pretty mad. without waiting to see Miss Payson, and the very next day ne begins a suit fordivorce. That's the great divorce suit T yips telling you about when I pointed outiflse/feev'iMr Humphreys to you. It's beeu dragging along for four years. 'Sometimes" ife decided in favor of Halsey, sometimes in favor of Miss Payson, and then it's always Appealed, and has to be tried over again. Bliss Paj>cm, she sticks to it that Halsey had agreed to marry her, and -that he under- Stood perfectly u-ellcverytbingtbepareonsaid. "Avhile tbc ceremony wasgoLncqn. jNjp parson says that Halaeqoddi aa/urnis agreed.qpcm when be asV«d him if hie tooc Miss Pavecra'tb be hie wedded wife, «nd elL tiiatno'rt of thinsr, and that Hah'ey badlil d dt "The rope that was tied to Miss Paytpn, hicb was jul, t he same as having hold of herliaca/ Nt)n the other hand, Halsey swears "that he never meant to marry ihe-woman, a.ud ne,\£r_knejr;- that a marriage ceremony, was losing; gcfae through, but that jta jasi nodded bntof friendliness when be saw the parson wiving his hand at him. The evidence, jas you-oan , see, Is pretty straight against £im, .And when, be does happen to get a verdict it costs him - powerful lot of niouoy, Torp&r;"JatYnmn ub;-' mighty honest and high -toned, and_ it takeB. . a good Seal of money to indnoe theih . to see things io a light favorable to Halsey. I'm in terested in the case because of its importance, - for if the conrLs finally deride that a man can be married to a woman wh?o he iv?5ft above her, and don't know what is going on, none of us is ,afe ; and first you know ; that some wonumjthm is rushing through here on tbe expms will be nirned to ae while I am Eeuicg-Mtickets in any office, and knowing no it than a child un- hung. Welli-tberelB no use ia ritbng a&d; dreading dangers that may never coma 0 time, audi suppose thatif it's a a&Vfate; to be tnarriel lie's got to knock i£ete8 no good iu worrying bim jffijpver tdijthe time comes/' v r' i n D t'-f ur£iwi3 