FICTION. ini MAN IN THE MASK, i lie (BY AN EX DETEnVE.) an ]During four mouths ' The Mant in eat the Mask' was a ,cel brity in Winchff the and around tbe place for several uile.. in He was tdl4o a mystery. Ilis existence tiC could not be doubted even by those ba who had not sceu him, b.ause the th e stories told of his occasiuna.l appear. th ances were so clear and, ircumnstantial ev asto be absolutly coniiucinig. 'I'hose hit who had scon' him re:mecibered the meeting with pain. tai His interviews with the few persons Co 'lie had !h,?isc' t'o fat o r with his atten tion were. usually short, sharp, and in alarmingly earnest. He demanded wa all the money, the watch, and any ha other articles of value which the person whom he confronted chanced re to have in his posession, and the mt demand was followed by surrender. The terrible alternative was in:imated by the barrel of a revolver firmly beld, and presented full in the face of the M person whose goods where required. Ut The men who had met' The Man in in the Mask,' and continued their way to much poorer in consequence, could be not describe him. His face was com- tel pletely covered by a dark grey mask. pl They could only see he was a big tr fellow, with a hunch on his back, a mounted on a powerful horse, and that pl his voice was deep and gruff. The th people in Wincliff did not know any man who answered to that imperfect th description. His appearance had not been made at any place more than five miles distant from Wincliff, yet pl to everybody in and around the place hi the daring re r was a mystery. In no dis , had the mysterious tI Man in the lavt. found it necessary pt to inflict bodily injury in order to secure the booty he sought. But the fact that he was a robber who revived r the practices of the highwayman of old was sufficiently disquieting. It 0 might be some chivalrous sentiment o that led him to spare the persons and c] the pockets of men whose all was but a little. He appeared only to those p who were reputed rich, and extorted from fear the gold he could not gain by more lawful and honest means. He was, therefore, very naturally set P down in the minds of all law-respect ing persons as a miscreant whose sup- i> pression became an imperative duty. The performance of the duty devolved on me, and I set myself resolutely to P the task of penetrating the mystery t that shrouded the Man in the Mask. One evening in February a gentle- I man named Welham was driving ii towards Wincliff. His vehicle was a d light gig, in which he frequently a travelled long distances and displayed t all the good points of the horse that a happened to be under his control. A A. hobby of his youth, which did not c appear to lose any of its strength though his age was in the fifties, was a to drive a good horse, and his ample a means enabled him to indulge that expensive taste in all seasons. Mr Welham was driving toward 1 Wincliff, intending to patronise its s well-known hostelry, the Roebuck Inn 1 for the night, and to drive over the a twenty-two miles of road that lay a between Wincliff and London on the following morning. The night had fallen suddenly. The sky was clouded, and the horse was pursuing his way at a moderate pace when less than ifive miles from his intended halting-place. The traveller was anticipating the light, warmth, and animal comfort for man and beast thau were to be found at the inn when an event occurred that gave a very different tone and character to his thoughts. Mr Welham was approaching a point where a wide, grassy lane opened on the high road. When near that point a mounted man suddenly emerged from the lane and reined up his horse in the centre of the road as if to bar his progress. Mr Welham peered into the rider's Face as he ap proached him. It would be more exact to say he looked inquiringly at that portion of the man between breast and hat, but failed to discover a face. 'Stop l' was shouted in a muffled voice. The stranger's arm was extended, and a shining revolver was plainly seen firmly grasped in his hand, the muzzle of whichlooked like a round, dull, black eye, staring menacingly into Mr Welham's face. In an in stant the gentleman realised that he. was in the presence of the redoubtabl;, Man in the Mask. 'Why should I stop? Who ar. you to give such an order ?' exclaimed Mr Welham, at the same time, how. ever, pulling up his horse as its head nearly touched that of the animal on which the masked man was mounted. 'Stop to save your life, if you think it worth saving. If your horse moveds a yard I'll stop him with a bullet, and then have more ready for you. Try me f you like. 'ou see L hold your life in my hands; but I don't want your life if I can get your money without it. mi I am desperate, and I can't waste the time. Do what I ask, and you may go yo on without any hurt ; refuse, and the gr next instant you will be a dead man, po and I will take what I want. It was a deep, hoarse, but terribly set earnest voice that came friom behind the mask. Thl words:wore not spoken alr in at wat that gave any hint of agita tion or passion. The voice was pro bably disguised, but it was so evenly lP emitted that the hearer could not doubt the speaker meant to do all he said- is even to murder-rather than permit ma his victim to ( vade or frustrate him. he 'What Io you want ?' Mr Welham Bt said, recogfiiniu. the necessity for ti coming to terms with his assailant. 'Money, and e ery thing I may turn st, into money, Q',ick! Your purse,your an watch, your jewels. Lay them in my W hand-all. Drop the reins. If th, you attempt to escape or to resist you will force me to murder. Quick !-and beware!' th '1 he man in the mask walked his ol horse to the side of the gig, keeping w: Mr Welham covered with the revolver wl until the muzzle of the weapon nearly touched his ear. The gentleman ha instantly decided that he must submit h to the robbery as the least of two evils wl between which he was compelled to choose. The property demanded was placed in the rcbber's left hand. He ye transferred it to a pocket in the side of sa a long dark cloak he wore, which com pletely covered him from his ears to the knee. s 'You have robbed me of every thing,' Mr Welham said, hoping the rC man in the mask would accept that m intimation that his business was com pleted and permit the victim to pursue be his way. b, ' Not yet You have a book, or case 10 that may be filled with valuable papers.' w 'Only a few letters and papers A relating to business.' 'I want none of them. But bring a out your book and open every scrap of the paper before me. Do not try to a cheat me, mind.' 'Cheat !' repeated Mr Welham, tl particularly emphasising the word. k I-e produced his pocket-book, how ever, and proceeded to open each a paper:it contained, so that the robber ii in the light afforded by the gig-lamp, u could discover its character. From an r inner pocket of the book the masked man directed him to draw folded papers! which proved to be three ten- h pound notes. It is hardly necessary n to add that the robber immediately a caused them to be placed in his hand. a He directed Mr Welham to secure his other papers. When that was done he forced him to turn his horse and drive back along the road he had I traversed. When he had driven about a mile, he might return; but if he a attempted to follow the Mask, the u t consequences would be fatal. Half an hour after his unpleasant 1 adventure on the road, Mr Welham arrived at the Roebuck, in Wincliff. His first care was for his horse, which was decidedly weary after an unusually I long day's journey. When he had a s seen the animal conveyed to the stable, he entered the inn, was supplied with a a a draught of brandy and water, and V asked the nearest way to the police e station. 'The police station, sir I I hope a none of the men about our place have s been uncivil? Mr Hilyard would deal e withl any incivility pretty sharply, if s there's a complaint to be made about r any one in the Roebuck,' said a man, d who appeared to be the actual manager 0 of the establishment, and second in a authority to Mr Hilyard only, who was y the landlord, on the inn. S 'No. no ; I've nothing to say against anyone at the inn; but I have a business at the station. Is Mr Hil d yard at home ?' t 'Yes, sir. Hie was here a few y minutes ago. Shall I ring for him ?' p 'Do, please.' is The manager summoned Mr Hil n yard, who made his appearance after \- a few seconds. His crisp, fair hair, e open countenance, and generally we 1 it fed appearance, told of good health, at good living, and good spirits, and con veyed a decidedly pleasing impres :d sion. 'I want a word with you, landlord,' said Mr Welham. 'At your service, sir. Will you re step in here ?' said the obhging boni face, opening a door of stained glass, which admitted to a little room that Swas used as an ofllce, and was also the S'governor's' private room downstairs. Mr Welham stepped in, and Immine. ' diately told Mr Iilyard of his encounter with the Man in the Mask. '. The landlord was sorry and indignant ad at the same time. I' I've tried all I can to find out the ad fellow, and I believe the detective office in London is looking after him, but it Sdoesn't seem to be a bit of use. He ni comes and he goen like a ghost. He's ue robbed six or seven gentlemen in a nd few months, but nobody seems able to ne guess where he comes from nor where ife he goes to. le's a real puzalo,sir.' ' Well, he has a hundred pounds of pla mine in money and goods just now. I un thought it best to tell you, because Hi; you may put other geetlemen on their ma guard. 1 must give inlormation at the ga, police office. Where is it ?' bha 'Only a few minutes' walk. I'll the send a man to show you.' to 'Yes; I've lost too much time already.' The landlord opened his door and spoke to his manager. ' Call Brown at once. The Mask is out to-night, it seems. This gentle man was robbed a few miles from CO. here, and wants to lodge information. cal Brown must go with him to the sta tion.' on Brown was soon in attendance. thb The robbery was reported in the an station, the stolen property described, el and once more the local authorities were roused to exert their powers for tol the capture of the Man in the Mask. It happened that the discovery of he the robber, who committed his depre- j dations in a style so much like that of I thi old highwaymen of the Dick Turpin era, n was nearer than even the gentleman who had suffered could have hoped. try A couple of hours after Mr Wol. ha ham's return from the police station lit he was in the smoke-room of the inn, ne when the manager approached him. 'Mr Hilyard wishes to speak to to you, if you can spare a minute,' he ha said. at 'I can spare ten minutes if Mr pl Hilyard has anything particular to ea say.' 'He will see you in his private an room if you please. He says the TI matter is important,' b Mr Welbam went to the little room H before described, and was much struck PC by the serious expression of the land- in lord's face. gr 'You will forgive me, I'm sure, to when you know why I disturbed you. A man from the station has been here. * He tells .me that some money has been eI stolen, and that the sovereigns have a peculiar mark, if any sovereigns with in that murk come into my hands I am to ask the person who offers it where he qi got it, so that it may be traced back to s. the thief. Was there a mark of any w kind on the gold you lost ?' 'Yes; there]were six sovereigns in a' my purse, and a small w, with a fine t( line before and after it, were scratched under the head of each,' Mr Welham or replied, a ' That is the mark the policeman de scribed. I see now it was your money y he meant. But a thing that troubles y me more than I can tell is that I gave s a sovereign in change, with just such s' a mark, not more than a quarter of p an hour before I heard of it.' 'That is astonishing i Are you sure f, the mark was exactly like mine ?' t 'Yes. I cannot be quite positive c about the lines, but I remember the to distinctly, and I believe there was a 1 little scratch before and after the b t letter, just as if it were intended to h shut it in, like.' ' Precisely.' ' I noticed it when my man gave it r to me. I had sent him out in the afternoon to collect a few small ac counts, and he didn't ome back until " after you arrived. Then he was drunk. He had got only one pound seven from one of my customers, and when a he paid it in I sent him off to bed. f That marked sovereign was the one he e paid!me, and I looked atit closely at n 1 the time. I must get rid of him. f 'I must see him at once, sir. As t your man gave you one sovereign L, bearing my mark he may have more. r He may be the masked robber himself, n or he must know where he can be s found. I insist on the man's being questioned and searched I' Mr Wel y ham exclaimed, excitedly. e ' It is only natural that you should, 1- sir, and I am willing to aid you in every way. But, you see, it would be little less than ruin to me if a suspicion got out that a highway 1 robber was one of my servants, and 1- slept in this house. We must be able , to prove it. Then I shall help you to r punish him, and that will remove all 1- suspicion from the house.' 3, 'But while we are talking here the \- man may escape. 'or Heaven's sake s. drop words and come to action ?' Mr Wolham exclaimed. i,' ' He was too far gone in liquor to make any attempt to escape before u some time in the morning. I will send i a line to the station asking for two I, men to be sent here directly or you at may send the note. When the men 1e are here we will go to his room and '. waken him. Perhaps the sight of e- policemen will help us to get the truth us out of him,' said the landlord. kt 'Very likely. But there is no time Sto be lost. Give me the paper and I he will write.' ce The paper was laid on the table, and it Mr Welham wrote a fow words e requesting the presence of responsible 3 officers at the Roebuck Inn. Another a line intimated that a clue to the iden to tity of the masked robber had been re found. A few miiutes later a _ergeanf in plain clothes and a constable in sta uniform were in the Roebuck. 'Mr ve, Hilyard told the sergeant about the ns marked sovereign he had received, and ter gave the name of the man to whom he had given it. The latter lived about three miles away. Then the four went mr to the little back room over an outhouse where the suspected man-of all-work slept. The entry of the whole party did se( not awake the sleeper. cri 'Search first,' suggested Mr Wel- hii ham, at the same time seizing a short in coat of thick dark serge that had been co carelessly thrown on a chair. " ap The landlord seized a vest that lay pr on the floor and thrust his fingers in hil the pockets, finding only a sixpence d and three pennies, which he at once fr( returned. m1 'There is nothing here but a pipe, o0 tobacco, and dirt,' whipered Mr th Welham, after examining every pocket H he could find in the coat. th ' There's money here, I think,' said I the sergeant in plain-clothes, speaking n suppressed tones. He had carefully lifted a pair of 'e trousers that lay upon the bed, and to had drawn from one of the pockets a little packet wrapped in a piece of newspaper. re On opening this packet it was found t to contain five sovereigns. Mr Wel- e ham and the plain-clothes man looked m at them closely, and the marks were l plainly discernible under the head of d( each. The coins were refolded in the paper rc and returned to the trousers pocket n Then the sergeant seized the sleeper rc by the shoulder and shook him roughly. m He awoke and sprang up to a sitting rn posture in the bed, when the constable 01 in uniform stepped forward ready to n grapple with the man should he resort i to violence. di ' Why--I say-what's the matter ? What do you all want?' the man be ejaculated, as he .. came thoroughly ri awake, and loo: , one to another I in confusion. a ' Your :u .'r ,ats to ask you a n question. But be careful what you r say. I must take notice of every h word,' said the sergeant. t( 'But what's it all about I'll answer any question Mr IIilyard wants to ask me. What is it? ' y '.I want to know what kind of money Mr Benson gave you this d afternoon when he paid his account? ' fi ' You want to know that ? I think you ought to know when I gave it to you. It was a sovereign, two two- t shillin' pieces, half a crown, an' a a shillin'. He said I might keep the six- t pence over for a glass, an' I did.' ' Did you give the sovereign you got from Mr Benson 1 You were out all the afternoon, you know, and you t came here drunk.' ' No, sir- not drunk. It takes a lot to make me what I call drunk, I'd had a few drinks, I know, 'cause I'd been about a bit, but I knew what I was doin'.' 'I ask-did you give me the sove reign you got from DMr Benson ?' ' Do you mean to say I didn't ? I'll I swear I did.' ' Had you any other sovereigns ?' ' No ; I don't have many sovereigns about me, except when I'm paid a few for you.' 'The sovereign you gave me was marked.' 'I didn't mark it.' ' But you have other sovereigns in your pocket with the same mark on. H Row or where did you get them ?' ' Sovereigns in my pocket ? How do you know what's in my pocket? You needn't trouble about my pockets, Mr Iilyard. If there was twenty sovereigns in my pockets none of 'em 'ud be yours.' a' I'm sure they're not mine; and a there's reason to think they should not Sbe yours. Sergeant Lynes searched d and found them there,' e 'Searched! Found them!' ho ex 0 claimed, his effrontery giving place to 11 alarm. ' Yes; I must take you into custody e on suspicion of having stolen the e money. This gentleman has been r robbed, and I have found part of the stolen property in your pocket. You o must come with me.' e Protestations of innocence were d loud, vehement, and frenzied, but they o could not alter facts, and they were un u availing. Jake liscough was con n veyed to the police station. The mem Id bers of the local force were jubilant at 3f the thought that the long-dreaded man th in the mask had been captured and in carcerated in WVincliff, the central Spoint around which he had moved and committed his various crimes. A few minutes after Mlr Welham had reported his loss to the police ad authorities in Wincliff, news of the de robbery was wired to the headquarters le of the letective department in London. or As soon as I appeared in the office n- next morning the case was given into an my hands. I was invested with power to do all I might think necessary to in bring the offender to justice, and I started at once to commence my in vestigation of a case in which I felt wi more than ordinary professional in- s. terest. ac I arrived in Wynclif' before the CC prisoner had been taken before the magistrate, and it was there I learned nc nearly all the particulars I have men- hi ioned. wv In the first place I was curious to th see the man who had become a Pl criminal celebrity. My first view of E him was obtained through the grating th in the door of the cellin which he was so confined. There was nothing in his he appearance to correspond with my c preconceived notion of a desperate lo highwayman. But we know how H deceptive and misleading appearances th frequently are. The spirit of a devil may be sometimes masked under the to outward seeming of a person of more cc than ordinary virtue. I spoke to Jake to Hiscough, and he replied to me with c the air of a man whom the discovery hi of his crime had utterly confounded. b I could not gain from him anything ti more than repeated assurance of his ai innocence. When I said the sove- u reigns in his pocket told a different tale he merely said: 1c 'I know nothing about them sove- di reigns. The devil must have put g them there. I never did. I hadn't tr even a shillin' the last time I re- I al member feelin' for money, an' how fi five pound came to be in my pocket I tl don't know. I believe there's some r< dodge in the whole affair that I can't f, understand. The gentleman that was tl robbed or Sergeant Lynes knows t more about it than I do. I never robbed anybody in a mask or out of a I mask, an' I wasn't ridin' about the v road after dark neither. I can tell i every place I was in, an' I swear I i never saw this money before I saw it b in the sergeant's hand, if swearin' will b do me any good. t 'Swearing will not save you from I being committed for trial, or, at least, 1 remanded, I'd help you if I could. I If you can tell me where you were, v and if others can prove you were not t 6 near the place when the gentleman was i L robbed, that will show that you can't have robbed him. A man can't be in too places at one time, even if he has a } fast horse to ride." ' I wasn't on the back of a horse all yesterday.' 'Assertions without proof are no defence against strong evidence. The finding of the money in your pocket will require a lot of explaining.' ' An' I can't explain nothing about \- that. I don't know how it came there a an' I don't know how long it was there ; in fact, as I said before, I don't know anything about it,' t The prisoner named a few persons 1 with whom he said he had been. about 1 the time at which the robbery was committed. I made 'notes of the a names and places he mentioned, i intending to test the accuracy of his d statements by personal enquiry. I Mr Welham could not set off on his drive to London so early as he had intended that morning. ICe appeared in the court when the 11 prisoner was brought up on the charge of having committed robbery from the person on the Queen's highway. He asserted that the five sovereigns found in the prisoner's pocket were part of v the money of which he had been de prived under threat of death ; but, as Is the robber was masked, and he ap peared to be humpbacked, he could not say whether the prisoner was the a man. Mr Hilyard told his story which was clear and circumstantial. Ile had sent to the gentleman to whom he ? gave the sovereign in change, but had not yet heard from him. The land lord's statement left little doubt as to the prisoner's guilt. Sergeant Lynes deposed to finding the money. The prisoner when questioned, said he was not near the scene of the crime when t the robbery was committed. IIs could prove that by calling witnesses, and he would swear he did not know anything x- about the money found in his pocket, to After hearing all, the magistrate agreed to remand the prisonerfor three 1 days, during which the most searching ;, enquiry should be made. n Soon as the prisoner was removed e from the dock I arranged with the >u police authoritties for an immediate and rigorous search of the room he re had slept in at the Roebuck Inn. cy Without appearing to take a promi n- nent part in the business I accom na panied the searchers and superintended n- their proceedings. Mr Hilyard afforded at us facility to visit the places in which in the prisoner was principally employed; n. but a thorough search failed to al discover any other particle of the id stolen property or any article of attire corresponding to the description Mr 'm Welham had given, ce While in the yard of the inn I asked he the ostler whether Jake liiscough had rs taken out a horse the preceding e. evening, and learned that he had not. ce Mr Hilyard had ridden out for about to an hour in the evening to call on a er gentleman who lived a few miles away to but he handed the horse to the ostler I again about half an hour after dark, I then went in search of the persons whose names I had jotted down. I spoke about the trial and the charge, and what I learned from Jake's friends corroborated what he had told me. ' I can swear an' so can others, Jake never left the Grey Goose from about half past three till six o'clock. We were playin' quoits till it got dark, an' then we turned into the parlour an' played dominoes till Jake went home. He was a bit Iresh, but not more so than I was. He might 'ave called somewhere else on the way-I dar'say he wouldn't pass the Nelson without callin' in for a glass-but it was a long time after dark when he left me; He's not a likely sort to be taken for the Man i' the Mark.' Before night I had learned enough to satisfy me that Jake could not have committed the robbery. But how was the presence of the coins to be ac counted for ? And how did did it happen that only marked money should be found in his possession, while thirty younds in notes, a gold watch and chain, and two diamond rings had utterly disappeared ? I thought over all I had learned long and earnestly. I put the different little items of knowledge to gether, as it is my habit to do, and tried to get a certain clear idea out of all. Before I slept that night, I was fully certain of two things. One was that Jake H-iscough was not the robber, though some of the booty was found in his pocket; the other was that Jake had met the real Man in the Mask, and I could find him. As early as possible next morning, I waited on a magistrate and sent word that I wanted a few words on important business. He gave me an interview at once. I told him my business in Wincliff, and then laid before him the theory I had formed the night before. I cannot describe his astonishment ai I proceeded, and I believe he thought as I did at last. I went from his house with a search warrant in my pocket. Then I went to the police office to complete arrange meats for the step I intended to take The landlord of the Roebuck Inn was partaking of his rather late break. fast when I, two police sergeants, and four men entered his hostelry on serious business. His ruddy com plexion faded to an ashy paleness when ,I told him I held a warrant empower ing me to search his house for stolen b goods. Recovering from the stunning effect of the intelligence, he made a step toward me as if he would kill me, but two of the men, following instruc tions previously given, stopped before him. 'We have to do our duty, Mr H1il s yard, and I hope you'll not make it t more unpleasant. We must search s your rooms, even if we have to over. D come opposition.' ' Caged !-caught I Six men to s one i' he hissed, glaring at the men he regarded as enemies with an expres a sion of face that was wholly suggestive 1 of murder. 'I'll go up with you,' de added, sud e denly, as if speaking on some impulse. a 'No, sir. You would not assist us. e I will leave three men here to prevent a you from following us,' said the ser geant-after which announcament Mr Hf 1-ilyard sank, seemingly powerless,in a chair. s Our progress was no longer impeded. We went to Mr Hilyard a bedroom, t and in a small box on the dressing e table found the gold watch, the diamond rings, and the notes which Mr Welham h had lost. In another box, fastened d with a padlock, we found a tightly e folded parcel, which, on being opened, d was found to contain some of the .ro 1- peaties used in the 'make up ' of the o man in the mask. There was the long, s dark cloak,with a bundle of glasscloths e sown on the inside between the a shoulders to simulate a hump when n worn. Within that was a dark hat of d soft felt, to the inner edge of the rim e of which and extending half around g it, was firmly tacked a piece of stiff t. pasteboard, with two. round perfora ;e tions about two-thirds of its length :e from the bottom. It was dark drab g in colour, and that was the mask which had so long shielded the robber from d recognition. e Arrest of Mr Ililyard. immediately te followed these discoveries. At hia se subsequent trial he confessed that he n. had placed the marked money in Jlake i- Hiscough's pocket while he slept. o- Soon as he returned after the robbery d he had given one of the stolen d sovereigns to a gentleman in change, h I-Ieafterwards learned that the gold d; was marked, and feared it might be 0o traced to him. To turn suspicion from. ic himself he invented the scheme we :e have described. But cunning and Er unscrupulous wrong did not prevent the judge from condemning to penal td servitude for ten years the once Id mysterious ' AMr IN ,Ir MASIC.' . Young Man (to rich father of te4 t daughters : 'I wish to propose for the hand of your daughter.' 'Which of them, a young man ?--'rwhich of them ?' 'Well, Ly I don't know. Now, in confidence, er which of them would you advise a fellow to take ?' 