f General JVews. The Government have placed a sufi ^ of £3000 on the estimates for the 'construction of! ' the Rutherglek Viti, cultural Collegfe. , . / . r; V J ' X ;^opd;maiiy local witt^ea^ms were elaborated in '- the Camden! (N.S.W.) .district , over ; the fact: that I the-' two candidates werenamed Bull and Kidd. The Rev. M. O'Connor, who has recently been transferred ^rom Numurkah to Ghiltern, ; was made tye recipient of a purse of 200 sovereigns by his old parishioners' last week., ;- ,As a result of the:recent reduction of the duty on spirits, the whole of the men em p 1 oy ed at Josh na; Bros? yidi^lei^r-.liaTe'' ' tlia^ j their services ; wifl vpoit:,,bfe! ' requiiSiT : af tti: the 3lst: instant..1 ' . The lucky Beechworth syndicate drew a horse in the Bank Handicap, run at Moorefield on 'the 1st instant, but it was not placed. 5V-ur : hdrses. in four successive cdnsulta'tidns, ho\y ever, is a big record.' ^ ... Probate, has beeu granted by the registrar, to the , will , of the late Mr' Joseph Smart, of Tackandandah. the ! value of the estate having been sworn i at £1434. j Mr James Williams;' f a' resident of the Goulbourn Valley, says now is the time t& grow flax seed. The area under this ;crop ' in the pr: ~onp: season wilt be large. Mr. ; Williams* flax lias been sold in Melbourne at top market price, viz!, ; at the rate of -£40 per ton.. H.e makes £1S clear tiff less than 5 acres. - The tender of Messrs Wain aod Hyland of Chilteni for boring at the ' Lady Franklin Mine, Ba,rnawartha, has been accepted by the Com pan y subject to the.apprqva,l of the Minister of. Minps. Immediately on that approval being received it is intended to start operations. forth with. j The creamery at JBarnawartha, .j which was looked forward to as j likely to become a reality, lias, un- I fortunately, died a natural death.] This is due, in a great, measure, to! want C'f interest on the part of milk suppliers who have throughout, i with. few exceptions, shown anything ! but enthusiasm in the matter. : . How did. the four men whose t bodies were discovered at Eldorado ! last Friday die ? Medical opinion is that their end was quite' painless. Carbonic acid asphyxia, from which ' they:died, produces a peaceful, and even beauitfhl' - -eiri}--Foft -^ed by pleasant dreams. : The few moments when the fear of impending doom was upon them must have been terrible, but the, end itself was probably— as we must all hope it j was actually — pleasant and painless. ! A curious report has been ..pub- 1 lished at Stamboul and is now being j actively canvassed in English diplo- ) matie circles. The report is to the ] effect that the young Khedive of i Egypt, Abbas Pasha,. has. presented j the Sultan of Turkey, his suzerain,' with, half a million sterling, with a I view.of enlisting- his active sympathy , wita the Khedive's anti-Englisli j policy in Egypt. A breach of promise action present ing several .interesting features was ; determined in London on Friday, j Tfce plaintiff^ Miss Eakins, claimed I heavy damages from Mr Powers, au ? American 'banker,' and said to be a verj- wealthy man, for alleged seduc tiou and breach of promise of marriage. . After hearing lengthy evidence, the jury found fpr the plaintiff, and awarded her £1500. The Coronial inquiry iuto the [ circumstances #f the mysterious murder of Mrs Goombs, at Plaistow, in East;London, was concluded last Friday. The case has been remark able for its many sensational develop ments. Mrs Coombs was found lying in' her bedroom, having been violently put to death, and her two ' sons, 'mere-lads, were accused of the crime. The Coroner's jury returned a -vfcrdiot of- wilful murder against the elder boy, Robert Coombs, a lad of thirteen.' They found that his brother, Nathaniel, had been an accessory .before the fact. Both lads - were committed, for trial. At Bright last Thursday, Robert' Oxenbam, aged 50 years, was cliargr i w '.th car _.ally . L i.o^ Tng Annie Lyle femithi aged ;12, yea at W andiligong about 1st March last. The evidence showed a revolting state of living by the Snvth family. Dr Wilkinson's testimony was - to the e3 t that the girl was - pregnant- Oxenbam was committed for trial at B 'i worth, on ; 26th November,and bail was jal loWed, ! \- accused in £200 and t^p s% ?ties of | £100 ea6h. s ; !*'? Mr E. L. iSmith, Bright sh-Tie en ?gineer, 'has cpmpleted 'the survey of a load betrt-een Bright and Tawonga, ahd tenders bave been called, return able .inv Sep^m^ri!for the construc tion of the Toadj and -a lo%n of £3000 is being floated to cr ' put the work, which will open up a lat^je tract'of ^ood : ag^lcnltti-^a1 antl * grazing^ ^coiintry;4' 1 ' ' ' ' ' a 'The frhost ' ikjom^' 1 seems iso 'be ' srirls* were ; a «ance Va iWMte prgwjipg j, about ^ », atAlexandra. They.knocked-up j oame J WuV wi^g#». ^ntt *«t^ New- foundland dog, but the ghost had by this time disappeared over a hill. ^ Saturday! by. ' Ja^^fcatagm^^roadfoot i while riding the Ainateur; Challenge 1 Cmp^race . , at . Caulfield,' were, jof 'Suph, a 4)serp[6us ' cha,raCter;!las ? to' aecessitate the amputation of a . , -j : ,,,,0 Arrangements ai.re being made for a change in the reg:ulations of the Education department with regard to technical schools- On and after 1st January, -1896, the system of payment by results will cease, and instead of that a fixed sum, to be decided by the results of this year's examination i will be paid by the Government. 1 / ',t Another murder -is reported from the Ni^w Hebrides, the victim being a . (jerman tt^i^r h jmmed Pgeifer.^ , It appears that he was missing from ] h is'BtatiOn 5a,t; Aoba early last month'. T anffa few days ago it was learned that he had been murdered' by the. natives. The trader quarrelled, .so ; the -natives say, with one . of their tribe, who knocked him, dpwjtwith a club, and tlien Sisi, a brother of the chief of the district, cut. off the trader^ head with a. 'big ;knife. It is understood that Messrs Crick | and Meagher, members of the N.S. W. j Parliament, claim £2000 fi-om Mr! Reid, the Premier, as damages for ! alleged slander. Mr J. A. Carruthers, j solicitor, and Minister of Lands, has accepted the - writ on behalf of the1! Premier, and Mr Solomons, Q.C., who is( a, bitter opponent of the Government policy in the Upper House, and -Mr Want, a member of the Government, will act as his counsel. Messrs Crick and, Meagher's fcoutisel - 'will ? probably be; Messrs O'Connor and Pilcher, both members ofJ^fcHe ^.IJpper Ho u se - : A .melancholy suicide, took, place at Stawell early on Monday; morn ing; Miss .May Merefield, youngest daughter of Mrs Merefield, of Ceme- .1 tery road was found suspended by I the neck from a rafter in the fer nery behind her mother's ; house.. .The body was still warm, when lowered. It. appears that d--wased had been suffering for a long time j from a severe internal complaint, which had evidently of late affected her brain, asshe has been despondent, and. otherwise mentally affected The rash/ act of Monday, morning was evidently carried out with £--3at deliberation, as the strap had first j been placed round the neck, then j attached to a rafter, the unhappy j young woman getting on to a chair j to effect her purpose. | : Elizabeth - Peake, ' Charles Davis j and Thomas Butler are being prose- , cuted at Sydney on a charge of con- ) spiracy arising out of the sensational j divorce case Butler v Butler. There ! are five charges altogether, all of - which relate to attempting to defeat. ! justice by conspiring to make False j charsres in connection with the j divorce case. j . The crew of a schooner named j The Isabel have been arrested j at Geelong for stealing fishermen's j nets. . The stolen property was recovered o* board. A general meeting of shareholders of the Commercial Bank was held on Monday. The' profit for ' the half year was £504S 6s 2d, wliich added to the amount brought forward left ] a disposable balance of £28,449 4s. 6d. The Hon. Jas. Service in movlrg the adoption of, the balance-sheet com plimented the. Treasurer upon his budget, and remarked that the healthy toue must have a good effect j upon financial institutions. The name of Sir Francis Napier Bropme, formerly Governor of West Australia, is mentioned as that of the probable successor to Henry Norman, the ret'^-ing Governor of Queensland. Telegrams from Foo Chow report that many Christians have been massacred by the Chinese in the Kuchang district, among the victims being five female missionaries, who -were brutally outraged before they were murdered. The United States,! consul at Shanghai confirms J he ? reports* of the Kuchang (Outrages, and states . that , the local Chinese authorities connived at the attacks op the missionary stations. t . The carcases of ten of the . cattle brought to London by the steamer Gulf of Siam: from Sydney have been sold at an average price of * mi 5|-- to SJd per lb. ; . ; , The steamer Echuca, which sailed^ from Adelaide on 22nd June with shipments of live stock for London, has arrived at^ Suez. Out oil, 20 . bullocks shipped only eight survived. Owiug to the , heat, experienced^ during the yoyapre some, nof the cattle refused to eat. The 100 sheejp taken by the same vessel^ stood the voyage: well. : ^ .... ( With ri pect ti the non- receipt Of of produce, as invited by the Victorian A^^lton]^ jfamtyY. British shippers ge&efc;^^ji admit that k? ftnmwmite hndb'f^^fiiucual having terid^r' jl !^,.1;liat the condi rfi jSyermdaths ; i»nd they also \--hjec^^ »owep ibeiiig iall0^^d to the steamer empty of car^go on short notice. . : Mr James Mitchell,' of Tabletop, near - Albury, intends sending some of the pick;of his famous Devon herd of cattle to the Melbourne show. The rricehpM#^r^orhe wijl proba bly be shown in one of ;the horse sections at 'the same^fibw^&dafierwards; may be sciit to the stable of a well-known Melbourne trainer to be schooled over jumps, th,e intention being to enter the gelding for hurdle, races. Dr Fetherston, speaking in his judicial not ip bis medical , capacity, announced- . frori^ the Bench of the Prahran ' Court. v on Tuesday that vinegar w,as more; effective than raw ..beef , for a black eye. Let persons who are always meeting with wood chopping- inisfortune note this, pugi lists can try raw begf. The Chief Commissioner of Police 'has received a telegraphic message from Inspector Larkin, now in charge at Warrnambool, in connection with the men Stainsby atid Campbell ar rested last week on suspicion of being concerned in some of the recent fires. The inspector states th:it, . in his opinion, the mystery surrounding these fires has-been cleared, both the suspects having confessed to their guilt in setting fire to the state school; andin having also caused the other fires. . J osiah Northey. a miner, residing at Majmsbtiry. but working at Tal bot, 'was in the act of crossing the ,i*ailway line, atrial msbnry, when he was knocked down by a passing train and air the carriages passed over him. His body wa.: cut in two, and he was otherwise fearfully mangled. A passenger by the mail train from Albury to Sydney expired on Mon day suddenly in the train at Gere gery, 15 miles from Aihnry .The de ceased is a married woman named 'Hellman, 'said to be a resident of Wangaratta. A fire broke ont at Israrandera on Sunday, and resulted in the destruc tion of the extensive business pre mises of Richards and Co.. general storekeepers, together with t hp stock, estimated at at 10,000 value. The New Zealand Government ?Bill, providing that a reduction of licences shall be Carried by a bare majority of the votes polled, and -local or colonial prohibition bv a majority of three-fifths of the vote? polled, was read a second time on Mouday on the voices. The measure also provides that no liquor shall be sold to females or aboriginals, and that clubs shall be treated iri the same way as licensed houses. Tlie sale of liquor in the Parliament;!.!- -y refreshment rooms (' Bellamy's' j i- to be decided by a poll of members or both Houses at the opening of each Pai liament. 