THE LAND AND INCOME TAXES. STATEMENT OF A LEGISLATIVE COUNCILLOR. NO LAND TAX EXEMPTION COM PROMISE. When tho timo arrives for Government business in tho Assembly this evening, the Premier will, in all probability, make hts promised statement as to tho attitude the Government intend to assume with regard to the amendments of the Council in the Land and income rax Assessment. am. m any rate, he will indicate that the Govern ment arc opposed to the exemption as fixed by the Council in the income tax, and to tlie taking out of the bill of any exemption in the laud tax, while some grounds of dis agreement will also bo shown with the way Iu which the mortgage clauses of the bill have been treated. As to tho attitude of tho Council in respect to the suggested compromise, which tho Government aro inclined to favor, a very prominent member of the Council yes terday gave liis forecast of what would happen. He said: "There Is not the ghost of a show of the Upper House agreeing to the compromise so far as it relates to the land tax exemption. Mr. Held will find that the members of the Council have made up their minds to take a stand against any land tax exemption whatever, and that they have gone to the utmost limit of conces sion in. that direction. Although they may be inclined to discuss the mortgage clauses of the bill and tho income tax exemption with a view to compromise, there is not the slightest chance of their stirring an iuch from the position they have taken up with regard to the land tax. They are de termined that the Government shall only have a Land Tax Bill on the coudition that there shall be no exemption whatever in it." A curious feature of the political situa tion is that tlie Opposition in the Assembly does not practically count for anything. The Government have sucli a large ma jority in the Lower House that if they have the support of their own side it does not matter what Mr. Lyne and his supporters may say or do— the Government can carry whatever they may decide upon carrying. The Opposition is, however, In the Upper House, and the fight is, as it lias been for some time past, between the Government and the Upper House members, led hy ex- members of the Dibbs Government. These members have not yet forgotten what Mr. Reid said respecting the Upper House dur ing the life of the last Parliament, and also during the general election, caul as they possess a good deal of human nature, they seem determined, notwithstanding the effect it may have upon, tho country, that Mr. Reid shall realise to the full the fact- that tliey are not "old fossils.' 