[?] ALL SAINTS. ORDINATION SERVICE. At All Saints Cathedral yesterday morning, Revs Tt. Since (Cobar) J. J. Wilson (Canowindra) and F. J. Harris (Curate of Mudgee) were advanced to the order of priesthood, the rito of ordina tion being performed by tho Bishop of tho Diocese, Rt. Rev. Dr. Camidge. The candidates were presented by the Dean, and Rev. E. H. Lea sang the Litany. The whole service was very soiemu and impressive. Rev. G. S. Oakes preached the charge, taking for his text S. John, 20 chap. 21 and 22nd versos: ' Then said Jesns to them again, Peace be unto you : as my Father hath sent me even so I send you. And when He had said'this Ho breathed on them and saith unto them, receive ye the Holy Ghost, whosever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them, and whoso ever sins ye retain they are retained.' Dming the course of his remarks, the preacher said that ho thought all would admit that in ordaining thosewhowere to represent the Apostles in their sacred calling, the Church was enly scriptural in venturing to repeat our Blessed Lord's most solemn words. But he conld imagine some simple bouI asking with the Jews of the old : ' w ho can forgive sins but God alone ?', and that was just where an explanation bccame necessary. Notwithstanding the forms of absolution which we found in different parts of the Prayer Book, our Church ascribed 'not the power of remission of sins to any but God. She held that faith and repentance were necessary conditions of receiving that blessing. But she asserted what wasquite true and scriptural that Christ's dulv ordained ministers had a special commission, which other believers had not, to authoratively declare thot abso lution for the comfort and peace of sincere penitenta ; and that absolution duly dispensed would havo a real effect from the promise of Christ. In plain words the Church in her absolu tions acted simply as the herald of Christ, declaring to her penitent children the message of His pardon. Addressing the candidates for priestly orders, Mr. Oakes reminded them that that day was Trinity Sunday, the day on which they were invited to contemplate the mystery of every Blessed Trinity, , Let thorn Iiston to the voice of the Head of tho Church ' As my Father hath sent me, even so send I you — go forth bearing My authority, speaking in My name., They had already received authority to cxercise the office of Deacon in the Church of God. To day they were to receive a final confirmation of divine authority, and were to seek and expect the gift of grace from its exercise. He reminded them that tho clergy won the love and respect of Sheir people, not by preaching grand sermons, not by boasting of their achievements, not by laying claim to any superiority, but by actual hard work, by self-denying labours and disinterested efforts to promote their welfare, by a rigid adherence to duty and by being faithful in that which was least as well as in that which was greatest. Faith was the great essential ; faith in the God a3 in the universal Father who was both able and willing to bless their efforts ; faith in tho people amongst whom they ministered as can able of extraordinary moral growth and spiritual development. He asked them to have faith in the Church, for the proud boast of the Chnrcl o? England was that all her doctrines when rightly under stood were Bible truth. The preacher addressed his concluding romarks to the laity, whom he asked to co-operate with the clergy in every good work, and not to regard their religious privileges from a mercenary point of view. It was not n matter of doing as littlo as possible and of getting their religion as cheaply as fchev could. They should look upon the work as God's work, as a labor of paramount importance. 