TALES AND SKETGHES. SONS OF FIRE. By MISS BRADDON, Author of "Lady Addiey's Secret," "The ; Fatal Three," " The Day Wile Come," "Tub Doctor's Wipe," "Thoo Art the Man l"&tt; all bights reserved. ' Chapter X.—"Odr Dreams Po'rsob dim Dead, and do not Fini)." Mini Vincent's engagement mot with every body '« approval, with the one exception of the- marriageable young ladies of the neighborhood, who thought that Allan Carow had ihado -a' foolish ohoice, and might certainly havo "Mono hotter for himself. What good could coino of marrying ft girl who was neither Euglish nor French ; who had boon educated in a Parisian convent, and who drove to Salisbnry every Sun day morning to hear masa? "What uncomfortabio Sundays they will have !" one of those young ladies remarked to Bensio Edgefield ; ana then how horrid for him to havo a wife of a different creed.. Thoy Aro sure to quarrel about religion. Lmt the vicar dreadfully shocked V' "My father is rather sorry that Mr. Oarow should marry a Roman Catholio. There Its always tho fear that ho might go ovor to Romo— 1 " Of . course. He is sure to do that. It will be the only way to atop tho quarrelling. She will make him a pervert." Mrs. Momington, on the othor hand, flattered herself that, by her marriago with a member of the English Ohuroli, her uiece would bo brought to seo the errors of Rome, and would very soon make her appearance in tho family pewbesldo her husband. Lady Emily chorished the samo hope, since, although a less ardent ohurohwoman than Mrs. Momington, sho believed iu Anglicanism as tho surest road to salvation, and she dwelt Also upon the diflioulties that might arise by«au<lby about the poor dear children, talking of those potontial beings as if they were already on the scene. Here General Vincent tried to reassure tho anxious mother. "I havo talked to your son," ho mid, "and he Is willing that it shall be with him andSuzetto as it was with hor dear mother and roe. If there arc children, the sons aro to follow their father's religion, the daughters their mother's." "Well, I suppose that kind of compromise is best, though no Roman priest wlllnpprovo of it. And then there is the nad idea of the brothors And sisters bsing separated by their antagonistic opinions. I hope Suzotto will come round to our way of thinking." <"I doubt it very mueh. She is as firm ae a rook." "Dear girl. Sho Is so young, and there Is plenty of time." While other people were thinking about these things for him, Allan had no room for thought of any kind, uoIchb fond meditation upon (he Image of the girl ho loved could be dignified by the name of thought. For Allan, life was a per petual eost&oy.; ' Toi bo with Suzotto in her own homo, at the Grove, on tho link, anywhere; to be with her was-nll ho needed for his bliss. For his sake, his mother had prolonged her stay at Bkechurst, in order that tiie two young pcoplo might be together in tho houao whero they were to livofts man and wife. It was Allan's dolight to make Suzotto familiar with herfuturo home. He wanted her to feel that this was the house in which she was to livo ; that under her fathor's roof she was no longer at homo ; that her books, the multifarious trifles and prettinesses which her girlhood had aocumulrvtod, might as well be transferred atuuoe to tho aunuy, bow windowed upstairs room which was to be her den. It was now a plainly furnished, matter of fact morning room, a room in which the admiral had aotod tho fussy futilities of his unoccupied life. Tho mantelpleeo, which had been built up with shelves and artful oupboards for the aocom inodationof the ndmiral'n cigars, would serve exoellcatly to set off Suzctto'e zoological ohiua; her Dresden pugs and rats, and lobstcra and pigs and rabbits; her morsels of silver, and scraps ,.yrouKht coppor would adorn the shelves, and all htr little otfds and onds and never to bo finished bits of fanoy work would bo noatly stowed ftwoy iu oupboards. But won't you want those dear little oubby houses for your own cigars?" asked Suzotto. It seems too ornol to rob you of your anole's Buggery. I've no doubt you smoke just as much as the admiral," . Not eigars. My humble pipo and poitoh can stow themselves away any whore. I only smoke ojgars out hunting, and I keep a box or i ? I®"1® aaddlo room for handiness. No, this w to ba your room, Suzette I havo imagined t u i fiCenw a liberty in writing a i? 5 Wben are you going to bring the aJresaen bow-wows, and the elephants and mice, and lobsters aud donkeys — all about of a size, bytho way?' Ob, I oould not possibly spare thorn," door answere(l quickly, making for the Thoy had como hi to look at the room, and or Suzette to give opinion as to tho color and lyiQ of fchs now poporing. It was to bo a| Biorria paper, although that would entail new «rpot and curtaius, and a oomploto revolution coloring. „ Spare them I" echoed Allan, detaining hor. va« i?» WAn8 yu to spare thorn? When will ;JJ, ""Bg them with you? When are you ommg to tako posuesslon of the house wliiou Is itr bbc until you are tho mistress of YV no nieans the first tirao the ques- Ail. i ,®0Q BRked. Again and again had PhM bat hie marriago might ho soon, wlf- W no re®80n why he should wait for bis wfi«l i WBS established, his Iiouhq ht» K) a kouaa aa well found ae that flag- had , j noawbose quarter deck the admiral Hi.«Xodai ?kln&' Why. should he wait? ould never lovo his future wifo more dearly than 118 lovod hor now. All tho framework of L 8':frr0.Ullljo,ol,t ot e6ar tul 1,0 >'»(> bronght omji ty Torwant ofTicr w'lio'"eatn01' tote and meQam ito ",rc ya no' happy, par example? Iraid ' Yee"'"0U OVO ni"B happiness when lifi'pd tw M t'1,0. Pfomiao of hoppiuoas. It lifted mo to sines ; but it was only tile pro mise. I am pining for the realisation. I want you ail to myself— to have and to hold for evor jmdover; beside my hearth; interwoven with my life; mine always and always ; no longer a bright, capricious spirit, glanoing about me like a gleam of suushino, and banishing liko the sun beam ; but a woman— my very own— of one mind and of one heart with me. Suzette. If you lovo me, you will not spin out the timo of oi earns J you will givo yoursolf to me really and forever." Thorp was an earnestness in his tone that scared her. Tho blushes faded from bercheeks, and she looked at him pale and startled, and sudden tears rushed to hor eycB. , f ",yu,8Ri,J you wbld 8»v« roe time," she lauitorod ; time to know you better— to be pertain. ' And then recovering her gaioty in an instant — Now, Allan, it. is too nad of you. Did I not tell you that I would not be married till my one-and-twentUth birthday? , Why do you tease mo to alter the date? Suroly you dou t want to marry au infant," your, birthday will bo on tho twenty- third of June," said Allan, rather sullenly' JNenrly a year from now." "Nearly a year from Ooiobor to June 1 What odd ideas you havo about arithmetic. And now. N(must run and find Lady Binily. We are go- Hjkto drlvo to Morton Towers together.", j'.Arlftn mado way for hor to pass, and followed hrxiownstnirs, vexed and disheartened. His rootherwno to leave him next day ; and then thenLwoUld be one houao tho leas in whioll he and Sdgetto could meet — the house which waa to oditlitgthbme. "'He/hainnot visited Mra. Wornooic ainee her ngotornaf perambulation, and he had prevented biwmiftlior paying iior a acoond visit, albeit the -hupo-of a wbita peaoaek nnd a oertain inteieat ill the widow's personality had made Lady Emily nuxioua to oall at tho Manor. Allan had found reasons for putting off nny euoh oall,. with out saying one disparaging word about tho lady. Ho had heard of Mrs. Wornosk from Suzette, who reproaohed him for going, no more, to Dia- oombo. "I did not know you were, so fioklo," sho said. "I really think you liavo behaved abomiuably to poor Mrs. Wornook. Silo is always asking me why you don't go to seo her ; and I am tired of inventing excuses." Suzette was at the Manor every other day. Mrs. Wornook was teaching her to play the organ. "Is it not sweet of her!" slid, naked Allan. " And though I don't suppose aha over gave any one a lesson in hor life till she began to tcaoh me, she has the teaching gift in a marked degree. I love to learn of her. I oan ploy, some simple things of Haydn's not altogethor badly. Per haps you will do me tho honor to come and hear mo same day, when I have got a little further." "I will go to hear. you to-morrow, if I may." " What! Then you have no abjection toDis- combs in the abstract, though you havo cut poor Mrs. Wornook for tho lost six weeks!" "I was so much oceupiod with my mother." "And your mother wanted badly to call upon Mrs. Wornook, and you always put a stumbling blook in her way. Bat I am liappy to say Lady Emily is to hav. tho wliito peacock all the same. She is to havo a pair of birds. I havo takeu oaro of that.?' "Liko a good and thoughtful daughter." When 'Allan' oamo .back from tho station, aftor seoing his mother safely seated iu the London train, ho found a letter from Mis. Wornook on tho hall table — a lisnd delivered latter whiah had juat arrived. It was brief and to tho point. ... " Why havo you desorted me, Allan ! Have I unconsciously offended you, or is there no room in your heart for friendship ns well ns love? I hear of your happiness from Suzette; but I want to seo .you and your, sweetheart roaming about tho gardens hero as in the old days, before you were engaged loveis. Now that Lady Emily.is leaving Beoohurst, you iwlU havo timo to eparo for me." Tho letter seemed a reproach, . and lie felt that ho deserved to bo reproached by her. How kind sho had been, how sympathetic, how inter ested in his lovo story ; and. what an ingrate he must appear in her eyas. Ho did not wait far the following morninf and tho muslo lesson, lest Mrs. Wornook: shdiilc think ho went to Disnoinbo only on Suzetto'o aooount. Ho set out immediately aftor reading that reproaoliful littlo lotto.-, and wnlkec. through the lnuss aud copses .to the Msuor House. It was 4 o'eloek whon he arrived, and Mrs. Wornook was at homo and alone. Tho'sweiling tones or turn i wouuorxui orgun answerau nis question an the threshold. No boginnor could play with that broad, strong touch, wbioh gave grandeur to the simple phrases of no Agnus Do by Palestrinn. She started up as Allan was announced, and went qniokly to meet him, giving him both her hands. "This is so good of yon," sho exolahnod. " Then you are not offended, and you have for given me." "My dear Mrs. Wornook, why ibonld I bo offended ? I havo rcooivod nothing but kindness from you." " I thought you might be angry with mo for refusing th invitation to your lunobeon party." "It would have been 'very impertinent far mo to ho angry, when I know what a rcoluse you ore." " It is a month ainoo you wero hero— a wholo oalendar month. Why didn't you bring Lady Emily to soa mo? Bnt perhaps she did not wishtoeome. Was that so?" "No, Mrs. Wornook," lie answered ooldly. " My mother wished to oall upon you." " And you provented her? "Yes." "Why did you do that?" " Data I be frank with you ? " " Yos, yes, yes I You cannot be too frank. I love you, Allan. Always romoinber that. Yon aro to mo ns a second son." Her warmth startled and soared him. His face flushed hotly, and ho stood before her in mute embarrassment. If tho secret of tho past was indeed the guilty seerst which he had sus pected, there was utter shamelessuoss in tills sposah of liorB. " Allan, why are you silont ? " " Because thoio are coins things that oan hardly be said ; least of all by a man of my age to a woman of yours." " There is nothing that you oan say to mo, Allan, about myself or my regard for you, that oan bring a blush to my faoo or to yours. Thoro iu nothing in my lifu of wliioh I need be ashamed in your sight or iu tho sight of my hou." "Forgivo mo, forgivo mo, if my soorot thoughts havo somotimos wrougod you. There has been so rauoh to surprise ami mystify me. Your agitation on hearing my fatlior'a liamoj your painful embarrassment whon I brought my wotlior hers; aud last, and most of all, your ssorot visit to-Bssohhurst when my father was thore." || What 1 yon know of that? " 1 Yos ; i Baw your face at the open window, looking in at him." Sho olasped iisr hands, and there were tears in her eyes, "Yos," sho faltered, after a silence of some moments, "I wsb looking at tho faoe I.had not seen for nearly 30 yoari— tho faoe that looked at me like a ghost from the p»)t, and had ho knowledge of me, no oaro for me. I koow that he oould not be dead. I bavo sought for him in the apirit world, again and again and again, In long days and nights of waiting, in my dreams, in long, fnr rcnching thoughts that havo carried my soul away from tho dull earth; but thero was no nnswur— not a thought, not a breath out of that unsoen world where my spirit would havo touched . his had ho died while ho was young, and whilo he still lovod me. But. lie lived, mid grew old liko mo, and found a noiv love, and so wo wero so wide apart ni if wo had never mob. ; I stood iu tho darkness o.utsido your window for nearly an hour, looking at him, lis tening to his voice when he spoko— the dear, kind voieo 1 That was not changed.'? . . . " It is truo, thou ? You kucw and loved my father years ago ?" "Yes, knew him and ioved lilm, and would have been his wifo if it had boon his happiness to marry me. Think of that, Allan. I was to have boon his wifo, aud I gavo him up for his own sake." " Why did you do- that ? Why should you not have married him?" " BcoauBe I was onlr a noor elrl. anil lio wan a gentleman — Hie only son of a rioh widow, and his mother would - cover have forgiven him for such a marriage. I knew nothing of that when he asked me to bo his wife. I only knew that wo lovod enoh other truly aud dearly. But just before tho day that was to have beeu our wadding day his mother cama to me, nnd told me that if I persisted in marrying him I should ho the bane of his life. It would bo social ex tinction for him to marry me. Sooiai extinction i I remomber those words, though I hardly .know thou what they meant, I was not 18, Allan, anil I know less of the world -than many ohildron of 8, But I did Hot givo up my hap piness without a struggle. Tliero was strong persuasion brought, to bear upon rae ; and at last I yielded— for his sake." "And blighted bis life !" exolaimed Allan. "My mother is tbo beat of women, and the best and kindest pf wives; but I have always kuown that my fnther'e marriage was a loveless marriago. Well, he went ou, recovering him self quiokly, apprehensive lest lie should eheapen his mother's position by revealing too mueh, "yon ncted generously, nnd no doubt for tho beat, in making that sacrifice, and nil has worked round well. You married a good man, and scoured a position of moro importance then my father's smaller moans ooulu have given you. " Position ! moans 1 " she rcpoated, in bitterest soorn. ".Oh, Allan, don't think so poorly of mo as to supposa that it was Mr. Wornock's wealth which attracted me. . I mar ried him beoause lie was kind and sympathetic and gnod to me in my loneliness— a pupil at a German oouservatoire, living with stony hearted people, who only oared for mo to tho extent of the money that was paid for my hoard nnd lodg ing, nnd who were always saying hard tilings to me beoaust thoy had agreed to take me. so cheaply — too olieaply, they said. I used to fool as if I wero oheating them when I sat at their wratchod meals, and I was thankful that I had a wretobed appetite." " You wero oruelly used, dsar Mrs. Wornook. I oan just remomber my grandmother, and I know alio waa a herd woman. She bad uo right to intarfero with her son's disposal of his life." "No, she had no right. If I had known oven as mnoh of the world 03 1 know now, when Miss Msrjorum — Mrs. Bsrasford's messenger — came to mo, I would havo acted differently. I know now that a gentleman need not. be ashamed of marrylbg a psnniloss gill if there is nothing against tier but poverty ; but, then, I believed what Miss Marjoram told mo — believed that: I should blight the lifo of the man who loved ma with snail generous solf-eacrifioing lore. Why should he alone bo generous, anil I selfish and indifferent to his welfare ?" "Bat how did he suffer you to saorifloe your solf at his mother's bidding ? " ' f'Ho had ho power to atop me. It waB all settlod without his knowledge. I hope he was not very sorry — dear, iloar George !— so generous, so true, so noble. Oh, how I nave loved him — all my life, all my life. My husband know that I had no lienrt to givo him— that I oould bo his obedient wife— but that I oould never love him as I had lovod" , - y Again her sobs chokod lior apcaob. Sho throw hcrsolf Into n ehair and abandoned-liorseif to that passionato grlof. " Dear Mrs. Wornook, forgive me for reviving these sorrowful memories. I was wrong— I ought not to have spoken " No, no, there is nothing to forgive. It does Hie good to talk of the pastr-with you, Allan, with you, not with nny ouo else, And now you know why ir.y heart went out to you from the first. Why you ara to me . almost as a son — almost as dear as my own son — nnd yonr future wife as my daughter. ' : It does mo good to talk to you of that time— so long nnd long ago. It does me good to talk of' my dead self. I have nevor forgotton. The past has always beon daatrr to me than anything in this life that oamo afterwards." " I do not think my fathor has forgotten any moro than you have, Mrs. Wornook. I know that there has always been a oloud ovsr his life the shadow of one anil memory.- I havo fult and understood this, without knowing whence the shadow came." .; "He was too true hearted to forget easily," Mrs. Wornook said, gently, and wo were both so young. I was his first love lis he was mine. And whon a first love is pure and strong as ours was, It must bo first and' last, mutt it not, Allan?" "Yes," he answered, half doubtfully, romem- borlng ' certain , sketch y lores of his own, and hoping that thoy could hardly be ranked as love, so that lie might believe that his passion for Snzctto was essentially tho first ; essentially, if not actually. "No, I have never forgotten," Mrs. Wornook repoatod musingly, seating herself at tho piano, and softly touching tho notos now and then, playing n few bars of pensivo molody sotlo voce us alio talked, now n phraso from nn adagio of Beothoven's, now n rosolutioii from a prelude by Baoh, dropping gravely down into tho bass with Boftly repotitivo phrases, from piano to pianissimo, melting into silence liko a sigh. "No, I havo never forgotton— and I havo sutfersd from tho pains as well as tho pleasures of memory. Boforo my son was born, and nftor, tliero was a long interval of darkness when I lived only in tho past, when the shadows of tho past wero moro real to mo than tho living things of tho presunt, whin my husband's faoo was dim and unreal, and that dear face from the past waa always near mo, with tho kind emilo that oom- fortod mo in my desolate youth. Yos, I loved him, Allan, loved him, and gave him up for his own sakt. And now you tell mo my saorifico was useless, that, even with tho wife his mottier ohoso for him, tho kind good wife, ho has not beeu altogether happy." " His life hasbesn placid, studious, kindly and useful, It may be that he was best fitted for that etiu, seoluded life — it may bo that if you had taken tho more natural and the moro selfish course — and in so doing parted him for ovcrfiom his mother, who waa a proud woman, capablo of life long resentment — it may bo that remorso might have blighted his life, and that oven yonr love would not hp.To consoled him under tho conviotion tlint he had broken his mother's heart. I know that, after her strong minded m-eterful fashion, sbu adored liirn. Ho was all alio .had in this world to lovo or care for; anil it is quite possible thnt a lasting quarrel with him might havo killed her. Dear Mrs. lYornnolt, pray do not think that your saorifico was altogethor in vain. No such self surrender as flint can bo without somo good fruit. I do not proicnil to lie n boiy person, but I do believe in tho power of goodness. And, consider, dear friond, your life has not been all unhappy. You had a kind and good husband." "Good 1 'Ho was moro than good, nnd for over a year of our married life I was a burden to hiin. Ho was an exile from tlio home he loved, for my sake— for me, who ought to have brightened his homo for liirn. "But that was' only a dark interval," said Allan, ramambefing what Mrs. Momington had told liirn of tho long resilience at Grinilslwald, and the birth of the heir in that remote spot. "Tliero wero happier days afterwards." " Yes, wo hod o few pcsecful years here, bo foro death took him from me, and while our boy was growing in strength ami beauty." "And: in these long years of widowhood music has been your aomfbrter. In your devo tion to art you have lived tlio higher lifo." : '"Yen," she nnswored, with an inspired look, striking n- triumphant chord, "mu-iohas been my comforter — muslo has conjured baok my deed father; my lost lover.- Muslo hsB boon my lifu nnd my hope." : (TO RE CONTINUED.) 