The Pope and the Chorcli in] England before the Beigns of Henry VIII. and Elizabeth. REPLY TO DR. GBEEN. By Rev. J. Robinson, Walcha. (COSRNRCED FHOM LAST SATUBDAV*» IMCE.) THE KOHUAX AND TCDOR I'ERIOL). I wish to remind the reader (he subject matter of this controversy ii the nature of the Supremacy the Pope exercised over the Church in England before the reign of Henry VIII. and Elizabeth; I say it was a Supremacy which that Church believed to be of divine right, and recognised it as such. Dr. Green maintains ihat it was an usurped Supremacy which be illus trates by drawing a companion be tween the Pope and a man entering a bouse by "bribery," by "drugging your footman." He is there " by force or fraud." We have seen how the Pope's Supremacy reigned in Eng land during the Saxon period. Now for' the Norman and Tudor time. When such language as the abore is nsed by . lecturer when speaking of the Vicar of Christ on earth, are uot Catholic* bound in honor to them selves, in justice to their sainted dead, and . to'their slaughtered martyrs, to speak out. To be silent would be a crime which no passing inconvenience could .excuse. If we held onr peace, even the stones in the old Churches, which once were ours, will cry out I remember reading an address of Mr. Gladstone's at Glasgow, in which, when speaking of the student of history, he gave expression to some beautiful principles that should guide the historian. He pointed out by what standard the child of the present should try the children of the past. Our mental habits are shaped accord ing to the age in which we live; our thought is saturated with its colour. But iu like manner .those who went before us in the long procession of our race take the form and pressure of their time, therefore they must not be judged according to the form and pressure of ours. Cbarleii I. must not be tried by the rules of constitu tional" monarchy, now so familiar to our 'thought* and language. Queen Elisabeth worked under the terrible conditions of her epoch, and her position mult not be judged by the standard which will be applicable to Queen Victoria. The Great Popes of the middle ages must not be de nounced as aggressors upon civil authority without bearing in mind that in those days the guardians of law and right were oftentimes glaring examples of violence, lawlessness, and fraud. The historian, and in his measure the reader of the historian, must lift himself out of what is now his environment, and, by effort of mind, assume the points of view and think under the ontire conditions which belonged to the person he is calliug to account. In so far as he fails to do this, he perverts judgment by taking his seat m the tnbunal loaded with irrelevant and with misleading matter; but in so far as ho succeeds, ho not only discharges a duty of equity; but he acquires 4>y degrees a suppleness and elasticity of mental discernment which enable him to separate, even in complicated subject matter, between the grain and thn chaily between t be relevant matter in a controversy - which when once ascertained and set in order leads up. to a right judgment-and the bye paths of prejudice, ignorance, and passion which lead away from it. We road an the . life of fit. Stanis laus, that when his right to certain church property was challenged, as ours is challenged to the ownership of tills 7 old churches in England, he offered to produce the dead donor in Co>urt to .give evidence. He had the grave opened, and as Christ bade ?L/sfa'rus.he bade the dead man come forth." Bytbe powiir of God the dead man arose, appeared in Court, and testified to whom he hsdlefttbe pro perty. In the aamo way some of the great men of theNorman period shall now be put in the witness-box, and m&de; tell In their owa words what was the faith and practice of the Church in Englandintbeirday with reference' to the Supremacy of the Pope. . : First witness-The voice of the Pri matial-See of Canterbury. ? ' Second witness-The voice of the English ^Episcopate. . ; . ; ' Third witness-The voice of the English Snoods. 'Fourth {witness-The voice of the English Universities.. Fifth witness-The practice of the ?English inarch. 'Sixth , /witness-English Constitn titmaUtiaw. y Seventh witness-Henry VIII. "With reference to tlie first in the above order I call upon Xanfranc (Norman Primate, i.B., 1072), who in hisfixppsitio.npfthe Ohurch's teach ing, aiys, " When our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ said to -Blessed Peter, 'Thou. art Peter,',etc., He uiigbt lave added, had lie eo pleased, ''The wme. power | X grant to your ' successors'j out His not having done ' aohas in naught detractedfrom our reroronbe .for the successor of St. Peter. ^Ht thou gainsay this ? Wilt thou "tiigeobjections P Verily, is it npt ingrained iu the consciences of all Christians that in respect to St. Peter's suMesaors no less than to him self thfy fousttremble jit their threats, and jrifeld'jdyfut acclamation to their loftyigndo'uiness when theyindulge; in all ecclesiastical matters then, at laat,adiap&nsatibn; is valid, when it hasbeeuapproved by the judgment of ( thesiflecalecHff aof Blessed Peter. Howfcotaes about what Acre is opera tiveualess it l>e the pl6nitude of the i dirnie liberality through J earns Christ poured not by BleB?e _Vicar.- ? " (Orat. in Cone.) St. Antrim, A.i) 1092, wis the second Norman .Archbishop of Canterbury, as well as Papal legate. Not only did his otfti nge look upon him as the greatest theologian and philosopher of the time, but the Church now regards him aa one of her mo«t enlightened doctors. St. Anselm struggled hard against those " Arbitrary Customs,*' as hecalledthem, by which the Crown threatened the liberty of the Church, This illustrious Primate ot England expounds the teaching of the Church of his country in his time as follows : " It is certain that lie who does not jbey the ordinances of the Tioman Pontiffs which are issued fur the maintenance of the Christian religion ia disobedient to the Apostle Peter, whine vicar he is, cor is lie of that flock which was given to him (Peter) by God." And commenting on St. Mutih. in. 19, " I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven," he writes : " We must notice that this power was not given to Pcteralone; but as Peter alone answered fur all, so in the person of Peterdid He give this power tn all; .... for this reason did He give it specially as if to Peter alone, to invite us to unity. Because for this He appointed him prince of the Apostles, that the Church might have, as it were, onecbief Vicar of Christ to whom the different mem bers of the Church might have re course, in case of disputes arising amongst them, lest if there were dif ferent shepherds in the Church, the bond of Unify might be broken by different schisms." When pressed to surrender his right of appeal to Rome, Anselm thus answered the King in the midst of the Court, "You wish me to swear never on any account to appeal in England to Blessed Peter or his Vicar; this I say ought not to be commanded by you, who are a Chris-, tian, for to swear this is to abjure Blessed Peter. He who abjnres Blessed Peter undoubtedly abjures Christ, Who made him Prince over his i Church." (Eadmer.) St. Thomas of Canterbury, ad. liC" : St. Thomas of Canterbury shed his blood in defence of the liberties of the Church against the " Arbitrary 1 Customs" of the Crown. Now what does this noble cbampion say of the allegiance of the Church to Rome ? Writing to some of the English 1 Bishops he speaks thus : " Who doubts that the .Roman Church is the bead of j all the Churches and the source of Christian doctrine? In the faith and j teaching ot Peter doth not the struc ture of the whole Church rise, until we all attain in Christ unto the perfect man, unto the unity of faith and the knowledge of the Son of God." John Peckham, au. 1281: A com plaint was made against Feckham to Pope Martiu IV. He writes to justi fy himself, saying he is well aw«re "that the Apostolic See has power to set aside rights and can do whatever is for the welfare of the Christian people." liobcrt Winchley, A.H., 1296 : Pope Boniface VIII. sent a Hull forbidding the English Clergy to yield to the King's demands npon Church property without permission of the Holy See. The Archbishop publishes the Hull in j these words: " Wishing, as is our j duty, to execute what is commanded, I we enjoin," etc. He then writes two letters to the Pope. In the first he says: " Bobert . . . with all promptitude to obey the Papal man dates and percepts to the best of his power.1" In the second letter he asks the Pope to allow the clergy to grant a subsidy to the King in these words: " The authority of the Apostolic pre eminence requires that its statutes,' wisely; enacted for the Jefence of ecclesiastical right aud liberty, even though to some they may appear difficult, should be unconditionally obeyed by all Christians, and especially by ecclesiastical prelates.". Thomas Bradwariin*, AD. 13i9: Bradwardine writes : " I know what I will do; I will commit: uiyaelf to that ship-the ship of Peter-for in it our only Head and Master Jesus Christ in safety sat and taught, to teach us mystically that in the boat of Peter,; the Church of Home, the authority and teaching of all Christian doctrine should abide." i __Wittiam Courtney and Thomas ArunJel, -i. r>., 1896i On~the occasion of the passing of au Act of Provisors in the year 1389, both these Arch bishops of Canterbury and York, in the jiamedif ntheaBiahops »nd Clergy, made the following protest in Parlia ment : " We protest that we do not wish or intend in any way to consent to anystatute now receotly passed in the present Parliament, or any ancient' statute reuewed, so far forth as such statutes or any of them are discovered to tend to the restriction of the Apostolic power, to the subversion, cuervatiou.or derogation of «cclesiaa- ' ticat liberty." {Wilkins.) Thomas Warham, a.D. 1532, pn Jiis j death-bed dictated Hie'following pro-' test that " he neither intended to consent, nor with a clear conscience; could consent, to any statute passed3 or-hereafter to be passed in the Parliament derogatory to,the rights of tbe Apostolic Set, ot to the subversion of the laws, privileges, prerogatives, pre-eminence, or liberties of the Metropolitan See of Canterbury." (WilkioB.) Thus the voice of the Primatial See of Canterbury, gives testimony as to the divinelyinstituted Supremacy of tbe Bishop of Home over the whole Church; and to break with him is to breakwitb the Oatholic Churcb and tn destroy cotiliiiutiy&ndt;&irititywiih; the old Church of England. SRCOSD WITNESS, : The voice »fUhe35nj*listrEpisoopate. Hobtrl Grosttste, Bishop of Lin coln 1263." sA more' unfortunate seieeiion (if a supporter Dr. Green cuuM not bare made, than this Bishop for, S3 wc wii! see, oo ancient Bishop ever wrote more forcibly on the divinely - instituted headship of Peter's successor over the Church. [ Furthermore no more forcible illus i trstion could be given of a lecturer t«f>prt*ring historical evidence than Dr. Green has giren it? of hie rep pmiioa of this nmn'e evidence. Hii, (Dr. Green's) dealings with this evi dence isjie bad as bis dirtortion ofSt. VTilifrid's episode. "The evidence of Bobert Grosteste is most important in this controversy because "Church BefrndersJ-fluote him an an instance «t an: Baalish Bishop resisting the authority of tbp then acknowledged bead of the Ch urcli. when be inerely objected to an ap point (no[it to a Canonry in 'his Cathedral, which he satisfied the Pope win ill-advieed. In the very letter in which he objects to the Papal Nomi nee, he says that to, " the most Apos tolic i>ee, all povxr has teen cut rusted for edification, not destruction, by the Holy of Holies, Our Lord Jesus Christ" (Letter 128 p. 435.) Again "to the Holy Koman Church is due from every eon of the Church tbe most devoted obedience, the most re verential veneration, the most fervent love, the most submissive fear,'1 be cause it is to the Universal Church I what the sun is to the heavens. "When the sun himself appears and 1 shows his presence upon the earth, these lesser luminaries give place to j the rays of the sun, being disiin- < guished by the solar light: So does Our Lord Pope-in comparison with whom all other prelates are like the moon and stars, receiving from him uhatsrer power they possess to illumi nate and cheriBh the Church-mani fest bis presence" (Letter 127. r. 390). Coinp&re; this with the follow ing from Or. Green " Grosteste, Bishop of Lincoln, roundly refused to admit the Pope's nominee to an office in his diocese, and wrote a letter' stronger than anything hitherto, penned by an Englishman Bishop against the Pope's usurped power." Well if Bishop Orosteste's letter and action be the "strongest" support to sustain Dr. Green IU his claim that the Pope's power over the church in : England was thereby " fraud," was thereby "force," was thereby "bri-! bery," the prop or support is now removed, and where ie theleeturer? Begmald Peacock, A.1). 1450, having written certain boohs that were con sidered not orthodox, was made to recant his opinions. This he did at Lambeth, Nov. 24th. and then at Loudon, December 4th. Hero is his recantation "In the name of the Trinity, Father, Son and Holy Ghost. I, Beginald Peacock, ? Rishop of Chichester, unworthy, of my own power and will . . . Confess and and acknowledge that I here before this time . . . have held, written, and taught otherwise than the Holy Roman . and Universal Church teachetb, prencbeth, or observe d . . wherefore I, miserable sinner, return and come again to the Unity of Our Mother Holv Church ; and all heresies and errors contained in my ; said books, works or writings, here solemnly and openly revoke and renounce" (Collier). ! John FttJtcr A.u. 1531 quotes St. A ugUBtine's well known words. "The suciieasion of priests down to the present Episcopate, in that See of the Apostolic Peter, keeps me in the Catholic Church. ' The name of Catholic,' which that Church alone among eo many heresies has not with out reason obtained, retains me." And he adds, from these words' of St. Augustine we understand these three things ; flrst the See'of Peter; next, the perpetual succession' of Bishops from Peter downwards; thirdly, the Church alone which has desceiidcd from Peter has obtained the name of Catholic." (Convulbio Cal. Ul.) Such testimony could be multiplied a hundredfold uut my difficulty is to know what to select. Here then we have the Euglish Church..proclaiming with the Saxon Church, age after age, the, great palmary seutence of St. Ambrose in the fourth Century " where Peter is, there is the Church." (To SB CONTINUED IV NEXT SATUR DAY'S ISSUE.) 