The Diocesan Festival. ST. BARNABAS', MILLTOWN. A NEW CHANCEL The ceremonies in connection with the Diocesan Festival were continued to-day, when, at noon, Lady Darley, wife of Lieutenant-Governor, laid the foundation stone of a new chancel at St. Barnabas', Milltown. Within the past year the congregation at this parish church have done great things. There has been a decided forward movement in improvements to the church as well as in the congregations. This has been even more marked since the ap- pointment of Rev E. H. Lea as Vicar to to the parish. The Church Council have united in improving the place, and have given much time in carrying out improv- ing work, such as planting trees, etc., and otherwise making the surroundings attrac- tive. About £100 has been expended in this way, and within a few years, if the trees and shrubs are allowed to grow, the improvements will be more than ever appreciated. It is certainly not much to the credit of some of the youth in that direction to have to admit that it is almost a matter of impossibility to get trees to grow ' on the church grounds. A few years ago a sum of money was spent in trees which were planted but very soon these were wantonly destroyed by the local youths. The authorities ap pear to have been powerless to prevent the mischief, and in order to protect the fresh the church council has been put to the expense of erecting a new fence, which it is to be hoped will answer the purpose. Water has been laid on to the ground and the trees are regularly watered, this work being performed by members of the church, who have undertaken the duty which they carry out systematically and faithfully. On account of the increasing congrega tions it has been found necessary to en large the-church and with this object in view plans have been prepared for the erection of a chancel in addition to another wing. When completed the church will have about 36ft x 40ft additional space. The addition will be in keeping with the present building and will cost about £300. The plans etc., have been prepared by Mr. J. J. Copeman, architect, and are very complete. The foundations for the new work have already been laid down, and the present was thought a fitting occasion for the founda tion stone to be laid. The council do not intend proceeding with the building until they have a fair proportion of the money in hand. The church is now out of debt; and although the increased accommoda tion would be acceptable, yet the autho rities prefer not to move until they can see their way clear to complete the work with out involving the church in debt. The ceremony of to-day was of a mosi imposing character. Lady Darley was accompanied by one of her daughters and was escorted to the church by the mem bers of the Mounted Infantry who formed a guard of honor. The stone was laid on the eastern corner of the site of the chan cel and bore the following inscription : A.M.D.G. This Stone was laid by LADY DARLEY, Wife of His Excellency the Lieut.-Governor. October 8th, 1895. About noon, crowds began to assemble in the Church grounds, while others took up positions on and near the over-head bridge in order to watch the pro- ceeding. The clergy present were The Primate, Right Rev. C. E. Camidge (Bathurst), Ven. T. R. C. Campbell, M.A., V.G. (Archdeacon of Mudgee); Ven. E. Dunstan, M.A. (Archdeacon of Bathurst); Ven. G. Geer, (Archdeacon of the Lach- lan); Revs G. S. Oakes (Kelso); F. Tracey, (All Saints): W. Vaughan Rose, (War- ren); R. M. Brett, Coonabarabran); H. Sealy-Vidal, (Guyong); E. H. Lea, (South Bathurst); J, Onyons, (Neville), and the members of the Church Council— Messrs. T. Perry, R. Hamblin, A. McGuinness, F. Crago, A. Lisle, G. Peck, G. Burgess, N. Newman, T. Hickson and C. Middleton. The vice-regal party were met at the entrance to the Church grounds by Rev. E. H. Lea and members of the building committee. Captain Dunstan, A.D.C. was in attendance, and as Lady Darley, accompanied by Miss Darley, Mrs. White head and members of her family, stepped from the carriage, Rev. E. H. Lea met her and presented her with a beautiful silver trowel bearing the following inscrip- tion. "Presented to Lady Darley on the occasion of her laying the foundation stone of the new chancel at St. Barnabas Church South Bathurst." The Rev. E. H. Lea said that on be half of the council and congregation of St. Barnabas he wished to thank Lady Darley for the interest she bad taken in thus coming to Bathurst and asked her acceptance of the trowel. He expressed a hope that her interest in the Church would always continue. Lady Darley expressed her thanks for the reception she had been accorded, and for the beautiful trowel which they had presented. It gave her great pleasure to lay the foundation stone of the chancel, and extension of St. Barnabas' Church. She wished to express the great regret which his Excellency, felt in not being present, but on account of his duties as Chief Justice he found it impossible to leave Sydney at the present. It had been a great disappointment and cause for regret. The party were then conducted to the spot, and a short form of service was held. Everything being in readiness and the stone having been lowered into position, her ladyship went through the formula of lapping it gently with the silver trowel, she said, ' In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this foundation stone of the extension of St. Barnabas' and New Chancel in the name of the Father and of the Sou and of the Holy Ghost, I declare this stone to be well and faithfully laid.' The hymn 'O Lord of hosts, whose glory fills the bounds of the eternal hills,' was then sung by the choir. The Primate said he had been asked to say a few works and while they would be few he hoped that they would be hearty and in accord with the spirit of the gather* ing. He was pleased as Primate to meet his ' fellow bishops and clergy of the Bathurst diocese in the work of extension at St. Barnabas. The thought of the ex tension of the house of God was en couraging, both from the fact that it was necessary for the accommodation of the people and from a spiritual aspect. Ex tensions of this character meant hope -for tha future prosperity of the Church and he invited the people to a closer communion with Christ. If the people had at heart communion with Christ the growth of the Church was assured. Whatever opinions they might hold they should strive to win people for Christ who was the Chief Corner Stone. He had that morning received a card which reminded him of another kind of sympathy which was needed, and he hoped that this practical sympathy would not only be given now, but would be continued. The Church was situated in a busy part of the town and by the frequent passing ot trains and close proximity to the railway line they were reminded of the business of the world. He expressed a hope that not withstanding the anxiety and worry of the world they would be ready to impart sympathy and help to the cause of Christ. They should, in answer to the prayer offered be quickened and built up in spiritual hope, and be joined together in the work of the Gospel. He hoped that in the future even greater prosperity would attend the church. Bishop Camidge said that it was his duty on behalf of the congregation, council and clergy, to thank Lady Darky and the Primate for their presence and sympathy. He Jregretted. exceedingly the absence of his Excellency, but his place had been well filled by his wife, who had laid the stone faithfully and well and in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost.. Ths only proper way in which to lay the stone. If they went forth to this woik in their own strength they must surely fail, but if __ in the strength of Christ they would suc ceed. The church should not be any ordinary building, but a place in which a mighty work was carried on, and in which living stones' would \ be fitted and prepared for the temple of God. He attributed to a^ great extent so large a gathering to the presence of Lady Darley. He also ex iresBed his deep sense of gratitude to the Metropolitan for the words of advice and counsel which he had uttered. They had begun a great work in South Bathurst and he hoped that it would be carried on. The church occupied an important posi tion and was known as the Railway Church. In the Rev. E. H. Lea they had an earnest worker, who, by his manly address had succeeded in drawing many men around him in the church. It was comparatively easy to get the gentler sex to attend church, but Mr. Lea had been fortunate in getting the men. He most sincerely hoped that the railway men would look upon this church as their own and that they would attend in greater numbers, if that was possible, and all would be led in ths path! of truth and life. In their business they guided the people over the paths of the country, he hoped that these men would remember that they were only strangers and pilgrims here below and that this was not their eternal home, bnt that they were all fitting themselves for dwellings in a city not made with hands but eternal in the heavens. Rev. E. H. Lea could not . allow the opportunity to pass without referring to their indebtedness to their Bishop for his unremmitting efforts on behalf of St. Barnabas. Whenever they needed advice or counsel they had only to go to Bishops' Court and there they found it. Their experience was that of all through out the diocese, which was as large as England, Ireland and Scotland put to gether. In the name of the church, and parochial council he wished to thank the Bishop. On his own behalf he wished to thank the laity who had assisted him. In this matter he was proud to say that the laity bad stood with him shoulder to shoulder in fighting for the cross of Christ. It was impossible to do without the aid of the laity and he took this oppor tunity, of publicly expressing his thanks for the help given. Another hymn was sung and the service closed. Before the party separated a photo graph was taken by Messrs. Beavis Bros. The Vice-regal party were then escorted through the town to Fernlea, residence of Mr. Whitehead. This evening a monster meeting will be held in the School of Arts' Hall to be ad dressed by the Primate, Bishops of New castle and Bathurst and clergy. 