NEWS OF THE WOKLD. The Chinese have enlisted thousands of j women to light in the defence of Pekin. Hub Ijondon Stock .Exchange has decided I to quote the Mew Zealand three per cent, j loan. I . A quarter of the land in France is in the i bands of nineteen thousand owners. Denmark hax about 1,000 miles of rail- ' wayB owned by the -Government. Japan contemplates having warships con structed to the value of £8,000,000. Mr. Kingston (the Premier) says he does not want Mr. SparltB punished in any way. | The wharf-laborera at Port Adelaide have gone on strike to resist what they allege is a reduction of wages. i An action for slander—damages -£2,000 has been taken against Premier Beid (of Sydney) by Messrs. Crick and Meagher. By a majority of forty-seven the House : of Commons refused to adjonrn for the i I>-*rby. \- The <31enhunty railway station (Vic.), 1 broken into; safe taken away and broken i open; result 2s. 8d. A farmer at Preston (Vic.), while blast ing logs with dynamite was blown to pieces ty the premature explosion of a charge. The Prince of "Wales has recently visited the birthplace of Shakespeare for the first time. A girl, 11 years of age, was accidentally shot dead by her brother, 14 years, at Por tobello, N.Z. In Home an old beirgar, who used to fre quent the doors of the church of the Minerva, and died lately, nat found to be ! possessed of 100,000 francs. S. M. Strong, a Cleveland druggist, lost his life by breaking a bottle ot cologne in his bathroom and striking a match im mediately after. The smell caught fire. A ghost has been captured in a suburb of Melbourne. It turned out to be a youth named Sydney Errington. He was got up in a hideous style. The proprietor of one of the southern California *" truck farms" is boasting of an onion <56 inches in circumference, weighing seven and one quarter pounds. Premier Crispi of Italy has a bodyguard to protect him. Getting out of a carriage the man dropped his revolver and shot his own foot. The railway bridge across the firth of Forth, Scotland, is being repainted. So vast is ite structure that it takes fifty tons of paint to give it one ooat, and the area dealt with is something like 120 acres. "Mr. Sydney Kidman, ofSapunda, has donated a specimen of the banded ant eater (Myrmecobius fasciatus), to the Adelaide Museum. Mrs. Henty Taylor, of Bald Hills (Vie.), was told that her son was drowned in "a waterhole. She fainted and is etill un conscious, and the worst results are feared as she was in a delicate condition. The wife of the manager of the Cobar Branch ot the Australian Joint Stock Bank found a dynamite cartridge with capped fuse attached, and which had been lit, on the door step of their private house on Thursday evening. 25th July. The girls of the Sydney telephone ex changes are said, from force of habit, to begin their evening prayers with a prelimi nary *' Are you there?" A Paris lover became bald through ill ness. His sweetheart accordingly renounced him. He bought a wig. She laughed, and snatched it off his head. <3 rowing angry he stabbed her. It seems that many people in San Fran cisco save up their dead all the week in order to have the funeral on Sunday, and a ministers' meeting was held the otherday in order to protest against the practice. Large quantities of gold used every year for ornamental purposes in the manufacture of plate and jewellery. Some years ago Mr. Giffen estimated that in England alone JE50,000,000 -worth of gold exists in the shape of plate, jewellery, ornaments, and about one-half of the total production of silver is. said to be used in the arts and manufactures. The amount of gold in England for monetary purposes the same high authority estimates at .£60,000,000, One of the regulations of West Boston Bridge Company reads:—" And the said proprietors shall meet annually on the first Tuesday in June, providing the same does .not fall on Sunday." A man was charged in England with the crime of murder, and on his own suggestion he was publicly hypnotized and examined. His answers while in this trance were such as to confirm his innocence. A new exegesis of Paul's advice to Timothy as to using a little wine is recorded by the Rev. Harry Junes. An abstainer boldly declared that it was external appli cation only that was intended—use as a lotion. The clock which was actually made by the royal hands of Louis XVI. came into the possession of a member ot the Roths child family two or three years ago. It is probably the most valuable clock in exist ence, its present owner giving no less than £33,600 for this remarkable time piece. : Three men were seriously injured by an explosion on board the brigantine Pros perity in Sydney harbor on-Saturday morn ing. The generation of gases from the coal with which the vessel was loaded is sup posed to have been the cause of the explo sion. The explosion was terrific. The Imperial Canal of China is the longest in the world, and the greatest in point of traffic. Its length is 2,100 miles and it connects 41 cities situated on its banks. It was completed in 1330, and over 600 years were speut in its construction. Mr. MacLaren, continuing his innings for Lancashire against Somerset, at Taunton on July 16, beat the record for first-class cricket of 344, held by Dr. W. 6. Grace since 1876. His score overnight was 250 not out, and this he raised to 424 before being dismissed. He was at the wickets for 7 hours, 50 minutes in all, and his score in cluded 62 fours and 37 twos. There was a tremendous scene of enthusiasm when his innings came to an end, There is a certain retired Government official in Melbourne who was noted for his want of education (says an exchange), but he had a lot of political influence behind him in those days. They tell how he once asked a fellow-clerk: " How do you spell income?" The other looked over his shoulder and saw •'incum." "That's wrong," said he. "So it is," said our friend, " I can't think how I came to leave off the " b." Babbits in the Ararat District of Vic toria are suffering from what appears to be a form of fluke. Cysts form about ti>6 neck and shoulders, but so far there is no con siderable mortality noticeable. On a recent Sunday two hundred London pupils, including that of Spurgeon's Taber nacle, were occupied by women, the occasion being a convention of the Woman's Chris tian Temperance Union. The Queensland Government is offering .£2,000 for the conviction of the poisoner at Bowen Downs station and the owners have supplemented the reward with .£500. Other stations are laying iu antidotes for strych nine and arsenical poitoning. Hit her to. the familiar cijrar has barred all attempts to fashion it by means of machinery, but at last a contrivance lias fce.'n intioduced by the Honduras Govern ment Banking and Trading Co., which is said to conquer all difficulties, and to turn out machine-made cigars of far more per fect shape than those due to the most nimble fingers. POWERS OF RECUPERATION Are existent iu even the feeblest syst -m, it only needs a wholesome mvigo ant like "Wolfe's Schnapps to stimulate them. A French scientist figures that, iu pro portion to its bize and weight, a huiu.in hair is stronger than almost any other fibre known. Of couise, we all knoiv a single loug hair on his coat is strong enough to pull a 250-pound man into trouble. JoeLovay of Saco, Me., swallowed Slieggs the other day at the instigation of two benevolent townspeople, who figured that eggs were cheap. Some boys in the neighborhood of Stawell have been making a few dishonest peno' hy stripping horses' tails of the hair and selling it at the ur- tgnifiimnt price of lid. a Ih. Two were before tlie Court this wnek charged with the lareeny of horse-hair valued at 3d. and stripped from a. hor.s«-\s taiL The lads were sentenced io a week in gaol, hut released ou Somet-hiei'esentered the Hand and Albion Company's Office, Hamilton, V;« toriu, .»tu» flight., and made off with two bags of a&huo;, evidently believing that they containd gold from the smelting works. The ashes were from the office fire, and were not worth the sackcloth that contained them. The shortest of many short Bills to be introduced this session is one to reducc the salaries of all future Governors of Victoria from .£10,000 a year to ,£7,000 a year. It is accompauiei by one providing for the. induction of salaries of Ministers of the Crown, so that the total shall not exceed .£10,400 per annum. Chemists turn old scrap iron into milk; old bones into lucifer matches; the shavings ot the blacksmith's shop into Prnssian blue; fusel oil into oil of apples and pears; the drainings of cow-houses iuto fashionable perfumery; beggars rags into new pilot coats ; cesspool refuse into ammonia.; and tar waste ioto aniline dyes and saccharine. In Paris they first make use of rats to clear the flesh from the bones of carcases, then kill the rats, use up their fur for trim mings, their skin for gloves, their thigh bones for tooth-picks, and their tendons and bones for gelatine wrappers. These are some of the curious results of the labors of the chemist and the inventor. A snowstorm prevailed on June 19 on Ben Nevis, Tnvernessshire, the loftiest mountain in Great Britain. The storm was accompanied by lightning, and a bolt struck the telegraph observatory, disabling the instruments. The building was set on lire, but the officials and two tourists extin guished the flames. Little damage was done. In Japan, as there is no meat, leather, baker or butcher, shoes are made by the carpenter. The merchant and barber come to one's house. It is not considered in good form for rich and dignified people to travel fast. Theatres begin in the morning, and pillows are worn under the neck, by woman, at least. If a Jap gets his trousers slightly wet, lie turns them inside out to prevent taking cold. Dancing is done by people hired for the purpose, courtship by the old folks. There is no kiss in the Japanese language of low, and no oaths in tbe language of hate. If pupils in school are dissatisfied, they dismiss the teacher. Long sermons and ghosts are popular. Deeming outdone.—In Chicago thirteen woman disappeared whilst cohabiting with a uian named Holmes, who disappeared and whom the police are now unable to find. 1 Three of the bodies were found buried iu quicklime in tbe cellar of the tenement house where he lived. The human hair sometimes exhibits some remarkable freaks. Dr Bartholin gives an instance of a child born with one half of its | head covered with white hair and the other > half with black; and another case is known i of a girl in which the hair was > black and j red; while a young man had on the right side hair, long, straight, and brown, and on tbe left side short, woolly, and black. There is a longing among the Japanese for a larger stature. The Mikado's Govern ment has come to the conclusion that both the stature and the physique of the Japanese people are unsatisfactory, and in need of improvement. A' Parliamentary Commission appointed to investigate the causes of this lack of stamina has, atfer prolonged investigation, ascribed it to the vegetable diet to which the Japanese have hitherto mainly confined themselves. It transpires that E. A. Woolley, a promi nent Loudon la wyer, who committed suicide iu March last, was involved in extensive forgeries extending over a period of seveial years. It is estimated that the amount is from £50,000 to £140,000. He effected mortgages on the property of others, iu some instances mortgaging the property two or three times. His frauds were dis covered t.yaecident when he was ill. Many well-known lawyers have been victimized through Woolley's fraudulent transactions and through these lawyers huudreds of families throughout the country have suffered. The gold mine said to have the largest output of any in the world is the " Little Johnny," of Leadville, Col., owned by John F. Campion. He went to Leadville and took up the ■" Little Johnny" after four other miners had abandoned it because they could not get a trace of carbonates. When he was a poor prospector, two years ago, he became acquainted with a school teacher. Miss Nellie May Daly. He could not marry her because he was too poor, but with an income of 300,000 dollars a year, which he now has,that obstacle has been removed, and they were married in Den vera few days since. He has ordered the construction of a resi dence there to cost 100,000 dollars. " The Boy Stood on the Burning Deck" —Some irreverent person has declared that his reason for so doing was that it was too hot to sit down; but this is a libeL The reason was that the gallant boy would not desert his post. With an implicit obedi ence to his father's commands he stayed upon the burning ship, and went to a glori ous death. But suppose at the last mom ent young Casablanca bad been saved, what then ? He would certainly have been very much burned, and the best thing for him would have been an immediate appli cation of Holloway's famous Ointment, a certain remedy in all cases of burns, scalds, abscesses, rheumatism, lumbago, sciatica, bronchitis, asthma, sore throat, and the like. Babies should never put a gift horse in the mouth. Where there's a will there's a way, of course. When a woman has a will she has to have her way. 