THE UNION OF CHRISTENDOM. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — In your issue of even date appears a letter from "J. Dalrymple Holt," touch ing the reunion of Catholics and Anglicans. At tho close of that letter he says — "The two most objectionable tenets of tho R.C. faith are priestly absolution and transub- stantlation." I should like to know how those are objectionable to Anglicans, since, if Catechism or Book of Common Prayer or the preaching and works of some of tiie most eminent Anglican divines go for any thing, that Church holds both doctrines. Regarding first the Real Presence: The first Communion service of tiie E.C., drawn up by Cranmer, Ridley, and others, and pub lished in 1548, says— "The whole body of Christ is received under each particle of the Sacrament." This, then, is the true doctrine of the E.C., and those who do not hold it aro consequently schismatics. Two hundred years later the Catechism in use at the beginning of the present century says— "Tho body and blood of Christ, are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper." In conformity therewith, some of the greatest Anglican divines havo expressed their be lief in their writings— e.g.. Bishops An drews, Morton. Laud, Montague. Gunning, Forbes, Bramhall, Cosln, and even Hooker himself (vide "Ecclesiastical Polity," B.v., p. 67). Under these circumstances, I think "J.D.H." must somehow raiso a belief In the Real Presence, or admit be is a heretic. Now for the priestly absolution. In the Communion Service before mentioned, the following occurs: — "The vicar, curate, etc., is to proclaim 'If there he any of you whose conscience Is troubled and grieved . . . let hira come to mo . . . and confess and open his sin and grief secret ly, that of us, as a minister of God and tho Church, he may receive comfort and absolution.' " (Vide Bishop Sparrow's Col lection, page 20.) Then, in the Book of Common Prayer, the following occurs; — "When tho minister visits any sick person the latter shall bo moved to make a special confession of his sins . . . after which the priest shall absolve him if he humbly and heartily desire it, after this sort — 'Our Lord Jesps Christ, who hath left power to Ilis Church to absolve all sinners who re pent, of His great mercy, forgive thee, and by His authority committed to me I absolve thee from all thy sins, in tho name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' " (Order for tho Vlsi- ULLIwll ul lilo OlLlvt j i t) LilLDIll lt|jU luc secret confession of sins, the Church of England made a canon in 1093 requiring her ministers not to reveal them. I am not writing this to support or oppose these doctrines; the fact that they are taught by tho Church of England ought to bo suffi cient for "J.D.H.," who professes to bo a dutiful member of the Church, and I trust wo shall not again see him incurring tiie guilt of heresy or schism by calling these (Wft rlnofplnoij "nhlApHnnnhlo tn Anirltofinc '» Yours, etc., INTERESTED . April 30. 