Current Topics. Mb.. Edwards sends a letter in which he advocates the introduction of a new paper exchange medium by the Government. He thinks such action would wipe out monopoly and usury, and give us prosperity all round. He also deprecates the idea of continually harping on the one string—the land ques tion. The letter would run into a column of type, and for that reason alone cannot be published. Letters must be brief. A COMPETITION which swells a large for tune in one man's hands by wearing down to tile edge of famine the nerves and fingers of fifty women with fatherless children, sewing 16 hours a day for 40 cents, getting 80 cents for the making of a lady's cloak, which the employer sells for IS dollars, or 75 cents for making 15 shirts ; a competition which hires a child 10 years old to labor 10 hours a day for a dollar a week, is not a competition for Christians to be proud of, and in Christ's name I repudiate it as infidelity to God and an abomination in man.—Rt. Rev. F. D. Huntington, Bishop of Central New York. A correspondent under the nom deplume of "A Shareholder," finds fault with the maimer in which we are conducting the Weekly flcraM. The fact that we have not yet written against land-grant railways, which, of course, we, as a representative of the Labor party, distinctly oppose, and that we believe in making those who are best able to pay bear the heaviest burdens of taxation rouses his ire. However, we are confident that the great majority of our readers are satisfied with our efforts and honesty; the appreciation in which the journal is held among the people and its growing success convinces us on that score. , We shall still go on doing what we believe i to be right in the interest of democracy as a i whole, being all the more satisfied because I the machinery for bringing about any desired change in the literary government of i the paper lies directly at the hands of those who are dissatisfied. Advertisers often ask us to give them a notice. Well, we want to say right here that in the Herald notices ought not to be required. It should be sufficient for an advertisement to appear in our columns to ensure the advertiser notice from every reader. We have time and again told our business supporters that our readers have determined ^ to support them, and we are under the impression that we have stated the truth. Put your ads. in the paper, never mind a press notice, which after all often means nothing. A correspondent writes:—The sad end of Edward Fitzgerald at Glanville Govern ment Workshops, and the verdict of the jury with rider added—"That men should not be sent to do work similar to that deceased was engaged in while the machinery is in motion," with the statement made by the foreman, Mr. J. A. Gambling—" That there was so little danger in the task set the deceased, that not one man in the works would hesitate to do it also "—needs a big think. Why, times are so bad and work so scarce, that men will do anything in the way of risk, and Mr. Gambling knows this too well. If the law of common employ ment was abolished, men like this foreman would be more careful in ordering men to do work of such a dangerous character at the time machinery was running. Is it not a fact that several have been injured in this sweating Government shop ? Well may Mr. Chamberlain put forth an effort for State assurance in Great Britain. One out of eveiy two ^of the old land in dustrial {population reaching the age of 65 is doomed to end life in the workhouse or accept parish relief. This is no exaggeration, but actual fact. Yet men are found who rage and storm and say the working man has no reason to try and make things better than they are. Press and pulpit should alike doii sack-cloth and ashes in a country where such a state of things has come to pass. Mr. C. Butcher is right in saying Eng" land is the great objector to bimetallism. She is, at any rate, the greatest gainer by the present monometallic system. It we are not mistaken, the following paragraph was penned recently by our correspondent, and considering the importance of the subject it touches on, we make no excuse for publish ing it. Mr. Butcher evidently knows what he is talking about" In these days of bimetallism, it may interest your readers to look into the position that England occupies in this question, and can the better judge her attitude when we consider the populace of some 38,000,000 who are dependent on outside assistance in procuring food to sustain life. Her imports amount annually to about £405,000,000, of which £180,000,000 are paid for food, £160,000,000 for raw material for her manufactories, the re mainder £65,000,000 for articles other than the foregoing. From these figures you will see how much it lies to her interest to lower the price paid for the two products that most interest this colony —wool and wheat; and the better to understand her power to force down the values, we will briefly look into the financial position of the world's indebtedness. According to Professor F. A. Walker, it is estimated at some £5,000,000,000—the private debts, loans, and annuities are vastly greater. England, from her position as chief money-lender, takes the lion's share and exacts interest and principal in gold, thus strengthening the stability of her position, and making herself master of the situation is enabled to determine the ruling price of commodities." The Continentals.—Last Saturday even ing the Exhibition Gardens were crowded, Mr. Basse giving a double programme— selections by the Leipzig Concert Company and a magnificent firework display. There was not an unoccupied seat to be noticed anywhere, and the promenade was just con veniently filled. The Wednesday night Continental introduced another brilliant spectacle, the "Feast of Lanterns," the Leipzig Orchestral Company again sustain ing the programme. To-morrow evening there will be a grand Scottish night in cele bration of the birthday of Burns by the Caledonian Society. There is no class of entertainment so thoroughly deserving of support as the one which is locally arranged, and it is satisfactory to note that the attend ances at the Continentals are continually increasing. The Burchell affair is exemplary of the kind of treatment one has to expect in South Australia who makes a complaint against any public officer. We have our parochial Tammany halls here as well as in America. Make a complaint against a trooper up North, and see how that man's | friends will scarify you. Find fault with a [ civil officer and observe the consequences. The fact is, those who are in public offices | in South Australia would not be there if they had not plenty of friends. The Conference of Seamen's Unions sat for the first time on January 21 in Sydney. Mr. H. Turkey, M.L.A. (Queensland), Mr. S. Smith (New South Wales), and Mr. R. S. Guthrie, M.L.C. (South Australia) were present. The conference, among other matters, proposes to deal with the question of extending the franchise to seamen; the abolition of Asiatic labor on subsidized steamers, which the Union maintained should carry European crews ; making the shipping laws uniform with those in New Zealand ; the proposal that during the cur rency for mail contracts the minimum wage be fixed; and the extension of the British shipping laws to Australia. By advertisement it will be seen that more members are required for Moorok village settlement. A chance here for industrious persons. Truly the problems of the day get more and more complicated. The coolie and " free laborer" are encouraged by capital to keep down wages, or the consuming power of the people, and to ensure the working out of their schemes a system of militaryism, costing an aggregate colossal sum, has to be maintained. Better by far if peace and goodwill were restored, and the soldiers' Wages and official bribes were tacked on to wages. Producers would feel the benefit of such a proceeding, anyhow. Alfred Sibley writes : —" In the report of the Hon. J. Warren's speech at Williams town he says the labor party, by their agitations, are the cause of want of employ ment. Mr. Symou, in his address to the Australian Natives, in a plausible way infers that the triumphant democracy is the cause. The unthinking may be led to believe this is so, but, Sir, neither the labor party nor triumphant democracy lowered the price of silver and copper. These two industries, if in full swing, would absorb all the labor in South Australia at fair wages, and trades men would have a large share of the benefit. Again, the labor and democratic party did not lower the price of wheat and wool and all other produce. Yet will not thinking msn agree that if only our various produc tions were to rise in price, it would be the means of giving employment to all workers in our midst, and at fair wages. It is not fair that those men should be thus misre presented. Let the workers closely watch the slanderers, and when election time comes, put them where they can do less harm." The Advertiser gives the opinions of Messrs. McLachlan, Butler, and O'Loughlin re the labor problem in South Australia. Our space will only permit a bai-e notice this week, but we hope next issue to at least give Mr. McLachlan's views in full. The three reports strike one as being extremely fair, and without prejudice. It has been our lot this week to come in contact with a very earnest Christian man, who, through some misunderstanding in connection with Church doctrines, has found himself stranded. He is chock full of true humanity and love for the poor, and consequently should need no other passport to the people. He is going to take the open air every Sunday, if spared, and deliver to those who like to listen the pure and simple Gospel of Ghrist. Next Sunday he will be found at the Park, and we hope the workers with their wives and kiddies will turn up in goodly numbers to hear him. A correspondent informs us that during a recent visit to Woodside he was struck by the fact that a certain lion, member of the Legislature had been immortalised in street nomenclature. The main thoroughfare lias been named after him. This is evidently a case of very small greatness thrust on the unfortunate Parliamentarian. Ivan Manovicji writes a very long letter on the subject of "Mr. Taylor as a Re former." The writer has one letter in this issue under another nom da. plume, and taking this fact into consideration, with its length, we cannot honestly do more than give the gist of the communication. He once again impresses upon our minds the importance of the land question, and assures us it is the basic problem. He believes we are suffering from misconception, and dis agrees with " Phillibuster." The latter half of the letter is a tribute to Mr. Taylor's powers as a reformer, and a justification of his business, i.e., proprietor and lessee of hotel properties. We call special attention to the advertise ment in another column, x-eferring to the Lake Bonney Irrigation Settlement. This question was so recently debated in Parlia ment that it is not necessary to go fully into explanation of the scheme. The advertise ment gives a fair idea of the basis on which the settlement is to be established. The Act provides for 600 paying and 400 working settlers. The paying settlers pay £ 1 per week for about four years, while the work ing settlers receive 32s. 6d. per week during that time, £1 of which is retained by the Government as payment for his block. At the end of the four years both paying and working settlers will have a block of ten acres of good irrigable land, fenced, half planted with choice fruit-trees, water avail able for irrigation, and a house built upon it if desired. In fact, he will have a home ready to go into, where by industry and intelligence he can make a comfortable living, and bring up his family with ease and respectability. In his immediate vicinity he will be surrounded by energetie and reliable neighbours, flourishing orchards, and well-kept gardens, while within a reasonable distance good sport can be ob tained. This is no fancy picture, and its reality will never be disturbed by the collec- j tor calling every Monday for his rent. Just ! note the difference: instead of paying 15s. j or 20s. per week rent, as many of us do now, l both in town and country, we should have a self-supporting home, and our only out- j going expense would be Is. a year per acre j rent and the cost of pumping water for irri gation. For a man who has a son no better ! investment could be made than to take up a j paying settler's block; then when the son j arrives at manhood, instead of grinding his I life away in the Government service or j some merchant's office at from 20s. to 30s. j per week, with all the temptations of city Jife to fight against, he would be able to i settle at once at a well- supporting industry, surrounded by an atmosphere of the healthiest kind, both mentally, morally, and physically. To those carping critics who l say fruitgrowing will not pay, no stronger argument can be used than the price we have had to pay for peaches and lemons during the last few weeks, and the good price always obtainable for properly dried and well-preserved fruit. Those few "working men," who are trying to thrust greatness on themselves by writing scurrilous letters to the daily Press about labor members, it is safe to say do not understand their position. Evidently they think the patronage of capital will be extended towards them, and that the Con servative class admire them. Fools, indeed ! They may receive commendation and a pat on the back from the enemies of labor, but even these people, past experience proves, feel inward contempt for them. Encouragement of Industries.—Speak ing at Clare the other day the Premier is reported to have said—" Suggestions were made some time ago that the meat trade should be fostered and freezing works erected in the colony. Both branches of the Legis lature considered it advisable to advance money, at low prices, to encourage the in dustry. In the same way, why should not the erection of fruit canneries and co-opera tive wineries be assisted throughout the colony? The State could well assist iu matters of this kind, and the Government wanted the assistance of the producers to help them to carry it out. By doing this they would reap the reward of the entire community as a whole. He believed in giving cheap money to those who wanted it, not on rotten security, but on good security, to enable producers to develop the resources of the country, with benefit to the State. As regards the nonsense talked about the Government tampering -with the Savings Bank, and imperilling the money of deposi tors, he could only say—' Shame on those who wished to pervert the public mind on the issue before them.5 Instead of imperil ling the money the Government wished rather to secure it, as where there was now no State guarantee they would give it. The transaction would be regulated .by business principles, and money would only be ad vanced on reasonable security. He knew full well how panics were attempted to be got up, and in this case a panic was attempted, and the more the matter was investigated, the more the public initid would be satisfied that this was the case." The Working Man's Friend, MACKLIN'S Heavy Nailed Bluchers, good quality, 4s. 9d. per pair. (31, Arcade.) The poor will have something to drown their sorrow. Ordinary spirits and beer are being substituted by methylated spirits in the slums of London. A vendor of the poisonous compound says :—" The perlice are agin the job. Methylated spirit is cheap —I only charge threepence a pint—and the blokes down East are buyin' it instead of gin ami whiskey. They add some lemon juice to it, and a very respectable drink it is. I sell one woman 'arf a pint every day, and on Saturday she takes a pint and a 'arf. The perlice are interferin', and 'ave got the kimists not to sell it on Saturdays, but the oilmen won't come to any sich arrangement. ' Why shouldn't the poor man 'ave 'is drink, and why try to ruin a honest man's trade ?' I 'ave 'eard as methylated spirit causes insanity, but I sez thank yer for nuthink. It don't make fellers soft in the 'ead any more'n the gin and whiskey yer soaks yer self iu at some 'ouses. 'Ere, down East, blokes smoke their pipes o' nights over a glarss of methylated instead of gin, and they save money; and some like it better'n gin, as it makes yer hintoxicated in 'arf the time. Look 'ere, I arsks yer if it ain't bloomin' 'ard to stop a trade because of lunatics when there's one bloke as drinks nearly 'arf a pint a day, and it don't do 'im no 'arm. I often sells thirty pints a day, most of ifc to women.' * No, I ain't ashamed of my trade.^ This 'ere methylated drowns sorrow, 'nd it puts yer on good terms with yerself. If yer 'ave oiily got a copper yer can buy a penn'orth and 'ave a decent soak, but if yer've only got a brown I arsks yer what's the good of a penn'orth of sour ale ?'" Commissioner Eddy, of New South "Wales Railways, after being refused by the Com- j panies in the mother country, has re-engaged ! with his old love at £4,000 per, annum and various perks. The merchants of the sister I colony are in ecstacies over the appoint- j ment, a fact which may be considered as not altogether complimentary. With a screw like that Eddy might well be pardoned for letting his head swell. The little town of Orb, in Spessart, is much to be envied. The population, about 3,000 in number, have no municipal or dis trict taxes, with the exception of a dog tax. Yet, in spite of this fact, at the end of every year there is a large balance in the hands of the municipal authorities. The income of the town is derived from its salt springs, and its forests of about 7,000 acres. 1 The authorities now propose to lay on water to the town, and to light it with electricity, ; in order to use up the surplus funds ; they j also offer to any Company, who will con- 1 struct a railway to Orb, the lands and the rails free of charge. The New South Wales colliery mining disputes are still causing much anxiety in industrial circles. The Delegate Board have j advised the Leahain miners not to agree to the terms offered by the mine management, and the Wallsend miners have adopted a resolution supporting the Board. The funds of the Mining Association are said to be very low, and quite unable to bear a strain of strike pay. The management of the Wallsend Colliery declare that the reduc tion in wages, as notified by them, must be carried out if the pit is to be worked, as the competition of other pits has become so keen. Mr. J. A. MacPherson left Adelaide for Melbourne on Wednesday afternoon to attend the proceedings in connection with the opening of the Trades and Industrial Hall and Literary Institute of Sydney, which is to take place on Saturday next. , Mr. McPherson expects to be back in Ade- j laide on February 2. ] "Quiz" rightly says;—"It makes one's j mouth water nowadays when any one talks > of introducing three or four millions of money into the country, but if we are to give away the right to hundreds of thou sands of acres of land for all time in order to ease the money market and help the banks, it behoves ns all to sit up and put on our thinking caps. The land-grant system won't do. It is too suggestive of the ancient game of grab. Hindmabsii is in the throes of an indus trial dispute. The brick-moulders and their employers have fallen out, and the former in consequence have had the door, meta phorieally speaking, shown to theui. It is freely acknowledged by masters and men that wages are low enough, but the former maintain that the low price which they now get for bricks compels them to reduce their employes. It seems to us that this is a case where the co-operation of men and masters might well be acted on with a view of main taining a standard price for bricks and fair wages. Failing this, let the men co-operate and run a yard of their own. This ought not to be impossible. In any case we should like to know if the new Arbitration Bill cannot be applied. Our information is not as full as it might be, but this is not our fault, as we have asked to be supplied with a report of proceedings from the association, but so far have received none. By next issue we hope to be able to report every thing all right. In the meantime we beg the men to be patient and reasonable in their demands, with a view of getting an early settlement. We have had the pleasure of sampling some of Tom Price's canned fruits, and can honestly recommend some of the same brand to anybody who can prevail upon the genial Parliamentary blocker to send them a trial lot. They are not to be bought. The flavour and colour proved first class, and those who are desirous of going and doing likewise will find the secret of preserving in j another column. Certainly the ease with which the canning can be done makes it hard to understand why small growers per sist in selling their fruits to the jam factories at absurdly low prices, or why so much fruit is allowed to rot on and under the trees in the Adelaide district. The epidemic of cricket is proving severe, and is spreading very rapidly amongst the kiddies. If parents are wise they will keep a vigilant eye on the juvenile representa tives of their households, with a view of staying any little plans which have been made for giving an exhibition in the public thoroughfares, where the embryo Darlings and Giffens dearly love to trot out their capabilities with bat and ball. Several youngsters have already made a visit to the " beak" for thus offending against Corpora tion laws, ant the police, we hear, are on the alert to pick up any unconsidered trifles in the shape of fines these hard times. Ladies' Patent Court Shoes, Leather Heels, 3s. lid. per pair, at MACKLIN'S Arcade Boot Establishment. Now, you N.A. Democrats, Sociologists, &c.;, C. Eldridge wants a share of your trade. JfiL^ifwtdeal &\on* the moSttraanged ^ ^ buildiugs are to be foundTfourse^erec1 tion in the suburbs of Adelaide tjq„? Certaml+-take a dowuward move a landowners continue to build as fast as they are at present doing. Cave Colony protected her wheat giowers a few years ago. The result has been to give several local millers a monopoly sUst"1 fortuMs WrPf' jA?KER' of the fanious City Temple SrteJ;taSg0Uef0r the P0^ unfortunate p rter in a most unorthodox stvle. He truth tn° f IT6 hiS sermoils Printed. Well, -TOsa; The Queensland Government cl.~„u • responsible for the foIloS for the discovery of the indi?;') ^ ,rewar<i laid, outaged/aXmuSd"?'i*"WaJ" named Lyons in tho TAim +■ governess Wot, and £1(M foPSn?Me Kircr dK uuman life. The foulness and crueltv «f +i,~ above crime, of come, court, f„r!5bw why'l do^M attend '"i" i ^ aece.nt paper, and on Sunday I am nTd fashioned enough to choose +h*> «, - S5?AfcsE£tiS has a Secretary, and a report of the craAbe rame ^ ^ to the observance of the sevenUi ,1-,,/fu * SLras,*ri The curse of the present-day system is oat My^otSIL™ WiM' r'el «" much a«5 w«i i» ^ ms»n hss 3,9 SSftrw: sriss H*vi?on that ^ici> >» <!»'•' to pay cost of government'tVan'fc^ aWe Some people „ffl funl^ ^at tK-e ^SSSW4?Alr « summer, aud the Wt "hit om or°tw^ple the sunshine are God-create ' d meant to be alienated ftwillbeTh^' day for the world when t£ Li ,appy BhtoSf 1 % fact that stSTftS ad-Wllloffer a Prosperity far^ore leal than private ownership can give Tl at the people will be educed iJ fhis mam,^ Me fully believe, and then the hope of thosp S^SSJT4 ^ wlm? +hnljidTl Wh° puts faith ia half of bacUIi mil? Sny about Probes aiwi once lC^al+T- ^Ve UP thG ghosts Tkisshte wLtIu^ We are ™«& inoi», j' - Why' ® man who would be mean and miserable enough to weio-h evei v conSmn«hTPlea?Ur1 ** the same s^le contempfable microbe ought to be pilloried I " sooM*iino-yOU 03:11 t,^er a couPle of hours of ^ • g Uon,s®nse 111 t'le cool, calm hours from ""sff^v neath the silvery light shed \- A soft young moon, holding her hand | m yours, pressing her WobSSg brSt, horrible'au n in her ear some oinble question about microbes. Whv all less miirnh meted out V c^nt the ™ /T-ght not to !je able to stay the one sweet lmgering, longing for, oscu hearts &nnj6611; ^ innocent mustt,.™ ^. Wylde I The kissing we must have, even with nncrobes thrown k Ihe bad times are causing q,uite a eom ho^ls aThe? ^ t!n^nts of Adelaide to set Into ^ seems to. be a general desire; S hi , e?pei: res«lences, a matter not'. sMer J011^? ^ Whfia rents are con sidered. Rents, always seem to be the last thing to come dbwn, the landlord generally satisfying himself that his tenant Is nS Sfi S i aanctioniug a reduction. ThJ middle-class houses seem to be in most re £ teaa:nts of big villas and magsions appai ently being determined to get rid of slTo^of T ^ttCial resP°usibilities in the shape of colossal rents. The cost of rent ^uarter^f ^ "f rUUS away witb °no \+ a mau s salary111 South Australia does not seem to strike the capitalistic When ?,rtaS ■ f * sttb^et mentioning when uttering his wearying and time-woru complaints about the wicked labor man We have received a volume of verse from the publishers, Messrs. Webb & Son, entitled "Fireside and Camp Fire Song and Story", by H. J. White. The book is ex ceedingly neatly got up, and considering the variety and quantity of reading matter inside the covers, not to speak of the quality, which has been favorably com mented on by less interested critics than ourselves, the price of it, 1s. 6d. should not bar the ordinary worker from pur chasing a copy. At any rate, the author will be very glad to know that the present small edition turned out of the printers' hands has had a ready sale. According to the Country education will encourage the demagogue,* the a^aS and general scum of loafers and idlers Perhaps after all the Country is right for assurediyitis the educated class ofto'-dS SSrS:fc educational ,ray Tiy MACKXtlN S Boots and Shoes, pro 2Se !w£l,OI'iiaIe Pri,:e" &r; ** ■« "» Wanted, 200 customers in district of Pros pect, &c.;, to buy Eldridge's Superior Bread, 