GENERAL NEWS CONFEEENOBOF ROHAN OiTHOLIO PRIESTS. —On Wednesday afternoon next a . Con ference of the priests - of the Arohdiooese of Adelaide will beheld in St.- Francis Xavier's Cathedral, The oonferenoe will deal with questions of^ pastoral theology, snob points being generally chosen as aooidental oirouw stanoes may bring into prominenoe. Sooietf of Abts Exhibition.—There was a fair attendance of visitors to this Exhibition on Friday afternoon and evening, and the piotures were freely disouese'd. Considering how well the work of selection and hanging has been done, it is only fair to give the names o! those who are responsible for the respon sibility." The Hanging Committee were— Messrs. O. H. Simeon, N. MaoGeorge, 3, A. Reynolds, and S. H. James; Seleotion Com mittee, Messrs. H. P. Gill, 0. H. Simeon, G. A. Reynolds, S. H. James, and Miss M. A. Overbury. Vxxaii Statistics.—'The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Offioe during the week ended Saturday, Juue 8, were:—Births — 112 males, 91 females. Deaths—20 males, 17 females, making a total of 206 births and 43 deaths, or an excess of 163 births. For the Distriot of Adelaide the figures were:—Births—21 males, 21 females. Daaths—11 males, 6 females, making a total of 48 births and 17 deathB, the exoess of births being 31. The "Windbob Magazine."—A copy of the May issue of this magazine has reaohed us from Messrs. E. S. Wig a & Son. It is a most attraotive number, aout&iuing; a ohoioe assort ment of literary matter and a multitude of well-drawn illustrations, also Guy Bootbby'e etory " A Bid for Fortune." The End of an Industry.—The Direotors of the South Australian Tannage Faotory Company have decided (says the Mount Barker Courier) that there is no possibility of working their Eohunga and Littlehampton establishments at a profit, and have arranged for the sale of the faotories and for the wind ing up of the Company. The boilers at Little hampton have already been sold and removed, and the buildings are now under offer, while the factory and plant at Eohunga will alio be disposed of at the earliest possible oppor tunity. New Intercolonial Steahebs.—The Ade laide Steamship Company (writes the Sydney Telegraph of June 12) are expeotiug their new 2,500-ton steamer, Marloo, at Sydney early next week. She left Albany on Sunday, Captain Anthona being in charge. The Wol lowra, another new boat for the same line, ie looked for at Albany on June 30. Captain Lookyer will leave the Innamincka to take command of the Wollowra, Captain Dingle, late in command of the Adelaide, assuming obarge of the Innaminoka. The Company intend to run with theBe three boats—the Wol lowra, Marloo, and Innaminoka—a through service from Sydney to Geraldtpp, in Western Australia, oalling at Melbourne and Adelaide en route. The Adelaide and the Bullarra are to form a new servioe from Melbourne to Queensland ports. Captain Ussher, late of the South Australian, and well known on the Queensland coast, has charge of the Ade laide, and Captain Niool will guide the for tunes of the Bullarra. The Hospital Commission.—The members of the Royal Commission whioh has been enquiring into the internal working of the Adelaide Hospital will not call any more evi dence. At the laet meeting the Treaeurer, who ie Chairman, presented a draft report, which members will digest before the next meeting, to be held on J una 26. When the report is adopted the labours of the Commis sioners will baoonoluded. Fab Northern Goldfields.—The Inspec tor of Mines and Warden of Goldfields(Mr. J. V. Parkes) is now in the Far North, in the neighbourhood of Beltana, speotiug goldfields. There are fifty or sixty men working steadily in that part of the country. The Inspeotor will return in a few days. The Government Geologist's Report.— The Government Geologist (Mr, H. Y. L. Brown) is busily engaged preparing the report on hie extensive geologioal examination of the Northern Territory. The report would have been ready ere now if it were not that elaborate and valuable maps and diagrams are being prepared. Mr. Brown expeobs to have the report ready in two or throe weeke. Mail Arrangements.—Monday, the24bhof Juno, being a public holiday in lieu of the anniversary of the Queen's Accession, the mail arrangements for public holidays will be carried into effect. The Boot Trade.—Some little time ago the Conciliation Board connected with the boot trade met to ooneider the question of the introduction of machinery in that trade. The meeting was adjourned ou aooount of a proposition by the employers that delegates from the operatives should be sent to the neighbouring oolonies to gain infqrmation in reBpeot to the maohinery question, so that advantage should not be taken of the men, but that they should bs ou the same footing as the employers. The Operative Bootmakers' Union almost unanimously endorsed the pro posal, and the delegates — Messrs. C. Brann (the President of the Union) and Minahan — left for the eastern colonies this week. The Strict Letter op the Law.—Bret Hartc has said that for certain characteristics the " heathen Chinee ie peouliar," but at Thursday's meeting of the Marine Board wardens bad an instance from another source almost equal to some of the resource sup posed to be the special production of the Celestial. The master of the Norwegian vessel Viking was reported for having dis charged eand ballast in a wrong place. The o&ptain; did not shirk the duty of furnishing a report, but in rounded letters and well poinced sentences set out on a Bide of fools osp what is possibly a good defenoe. But when the report oame to be read it was found to be written in Norwegian. The document wont all round the table, bub wardens gave up the puzzle and decided to obtain the ser vices of an interpreter. "Thecaptain speaks very good English, too," remarked Warden Gibbon. OostEinntHTABr.—In the dining-room of Messrs. Lewis & Aldridge's Napoleon Hotel were assembled on Thursday morning n repre sentative gathering. of the olani of the Stodk Exohange of Adelaide to honour Mr. A. Butter Clarke, of the well-known firm of Gierke & Go,, of Adelaide and Melbourne. Mr. G."8. Aldridge, Chairman of the Adelaide Stock Exohange, proposed the health of Mr. Gierke, who aa about to be married, and alluded to ' hie eterling buaineu' oharao teristios and the loyal business qualities whioh had endeared him to all the members of the Exohange sinoe the time he olaimed membership with it. He trusted ~ that Mr. Clarke and the future Mrs. Gierke (a daughter of Sir Frederick Sargcod) would enjoy long life and happiness in Adelaide. The toast was enthusiastically received. Mr. Clarke, who appropriately replied, left by the afternoon's express tor Melbourne. Mr. Clarke has-for about eighteen months, repre sented the Register, Observer, and Evening Journal in the preparation of reports and quotations of the share market. Robe as a Shipping Post.—'The Oompany which has been formed in the South-East to promote an export trade in frozen mutton is not altogether satisfied with the facilities for shipping at Robe, and the Seoretary (Mr. Orouob), through Mr. G. Ash, M.P., hat for warded a oommunioation to the Govern ment asking that some improvements may be elfeoted. The Oompany is not very olear as to what improvements are neoessary, and therefore asks that Mr. Leslie Reynolds, a reputed authority upon harbours, should be engaged by the Government to report upon the matter. Oa one point the Seoretary givos a pronounced opinion, and that is the need of lengthening the present jetty. This would necessitate the construction of a breakwater, and there is a suggestion of prison labour being utilized for the purpose. Captain Glare has furnished the Marine Board with a report on the matter, in which he paints out that at present the Robe Jetty has a depth of 10 ft. at the outer berth, permitting small vessels to lie alongside when the weather is fine. If the weather is rough there is sufficient "range" to make it neoessary for vessels to anchor off, and be point* out that if the jetty were lengthened the range would always be too great for vessels to lie alongside unless a breakwater were built at enormous oost. It is the custom at Soutb-Esstern ports to lighter off cargoes, and Captain Glare oonsiders that Robe offers as good facilities for this to be done as other ports. The Wardens, in agree ing with the tenor of Oaptain Clare's report, considered at the meeting on Thursday, when the matter was discussed, that there is no need to go outside the Engineer of Harbours department for any report as to the faoilicies neoessary to be provided at Robe. Moreover, they expressed the opinion that bo far nothing has been shown the Board to warrant a large expenditure at Robe, and stated that when this is done a report as to what is neoessary will be obtained. Messrs. George Ash and A. D. Handy side, M.P.'s, waited upon the Treasurer on Thursday and pointed out that the seawall gt Robe was getting into a dilapidated condition, and re quired immediate attention, otherwise eeriouB expenditure would beneoeBsary. The Treasurer promised to gel an immediate report on the aubjeot. Soap ah a Disinfectant.—Reoent experi ments by M. Max Jolles show that soap is an exoellent disinfeotant. He employed a 10per cant. eolation of a soap containing about <37 per oent. of fatty aoida, and 10 per oent. of alkali. Suoh solutions were found to kill the baoillus of typhoid fever in a few minutes, and the eSeot was more marked at the lower temperatures of the solution. The results agree with others formerly obtained for the oholera baoillus in showing that washing with soap and water is a sure way of disinfeoting linen. Mbthodist Union in the Nobth. — In aooordanue with the deoision of the Federal Counoil the oommittee appointed for the purpose met at Willowie on Wednesday, June 12, to arrange for an interchange of pulpits, and a oonvention in the Upper North. The Rev. F. Bullock was elected SeoretAry. The interchange of pulpits will take place on August 26, the day fixed by the Federal Oounoil at the oonvention. On the following Wednesday a sunrise prayer meeting and oou ferenoee on " The Development of the Spiri tual Lifa" and "Methodist Uniou," with a Methodist Union Convention, will take plaoe. Ministers and laymen were appointed to furnish papers and addresses on various aspects of the subjeotsnsmed. Me. Michael Daviti1. — To-day Mr. Davitt will leave Adelaide for the village settlements, returning in time to carry out bis engagements at Broken Hill and Peters burg. He will lecture in tbe Adelaide Town Hall oo-June 24 in aid of the St. Vincent De Paul Orphanage. Tbe subjeot will be "The Progress of the Home Rule Uauee." The Locomotive Enginekb.—Mr. Thomas RobertB, the Locomotive Engineer, returned from Melbourne on Thursday morning. He was invited by the Government of Viotoria to make an inspection of tbe railway rolling stock and workshops in that colony. Having made a minute examination in aooordanoewith the request of the Government, Mr. Roberts gave evidence before tbe Commission wbioh is sitting to consider the condition of the rail waye. Valueless Banknotes.—The publio are warned against accepting oortain banknotes that are being oiroulated in tbe oity. Tbe police have shown us what purports to be a £l0-note on the Sydney Deposit Bank. It is dated Sydney, Maroh, 1894, but as this Bank became detunot in 1892 the noto is of no value whatever. It is quite possible tbat tbe paper is the same as tbat in use by the Bank wheu it olased, but there is tio doubt that the date and signatures of the officials are forged. Rev. J. Bickfohd.—The friends of the Rev. J. Biokford will regret to learn tbat his illness has taken a serious turn, and grave fears are entertained as to his reoovery. Mr. Biokford recently oelebrated hie seventy-ninth birthday, but during tbe past few Weeks has been in weak health. . Middle Bank Lightship.—The Harbour raasterof Port Adelaide (Captain Inglie) has made an inspsotion of the old Gnrmein Bay lightship io oompanv with the Harbourmaster of Port Pirie. and acting upon thie the Marine Board has deoided to oall for tenders for sheeting the topsides and otherwise re pairing the bulk. The work will be done at Port t'irie, where the hulk is lying. It is then proposed to utilize her on Middle Bank. Tho estimated revenue obtainable from the im position of a epeoial light due on all vessels trading north of Wallaroo is about £400 per aonum. The Societt of Aets.—There was a large and fashionable attendance in the South Aus tralian Sooiety of Arts Rooms, North-terraoe, on Thursday afternoon, when His Exoeliency the Lieutenant-Governor opened the Exhibi tion for 1895. The visitors, after inspecting the piotores, were entertained at afternoon tea. The Exhibition will be open from to-day until next month. The ScrBBtinximjtHT of Posua Bnrao« inqs and tub HobfItai..—In addition to the worry of the Royal Commission and life inky war with the Government the.Hospital Board are still at enmity with the Superintendent of Fublio Bnildingi. The meeting of- the Board on June 6 had under notioe a communication from Mr. Owen 8myth to the Oommieainneir of Pablio Works, in .whioh the. former allnded to hie correspondence with Professor AUenon thesubjeotof inside blinde, pointing not the powers of the Superintendent of Public Build ings, stating that he had always worked honestly for the good of the institution, and intimatiDg that the Board were'disposed to depart from the rule in foroe in regard to the improvements to buildings. At the same time a letter was read from Mr. Barr Smith withdrawing the offer of inside blindt on aooount of the oonlroversy whioh the offer had oaused. This put the Board on. its dignity. Alderman Kither said a kind lady "had been enubbed by this men Oweu Smyth," while the referenoe of the matter to Professor Allen roused the ire of the medicos of the Board. It was said that Mr. Owen Smyth was on the horiu of a dilemma, and chut he had lost his urbanity, and his genial disposition had been npset. Dr. Stirling remarked that Professor Allen was not the sole repository of know ledge of the working of a hospital. Those of them who had been engaged over twenty years in hospital work could surely give an opinion without referring th6 matter to some one outside the institution. During Dr. Stirling's twenty-two years'experience he had never known such a position to arise, and it appeared to him that the beat thing would be for the whole Board to resign and let Mr. Smycb conduct the management of the Hospital. The neoessity for inside blinds was impressed upon the Board, they being muoh better than outside o&nvaa; blinds, the noise of which would disturb patients. Dr. Way men tioned that the beautiful new wing was be coming very dirty from fly-spooks, and that the light was attracting flies. It was agreed to write to Mrs. Barr Smith, regretting that ciroumstanoes had led to the withdrawal of the offer, and to ask the Government to pro vide Venetian blinds. Women Votebs.—A correspondent writes 5 —" It is alleged by experts that at the next general eleobion more women than men will vote. There are many reasons in favour of the assertion, and ahonld that opinion be verified the duties -of the Returning Officers will be tremendously inoreased ; their work and responsibility will give them an anxious and perplexing time, not only in oonsequencs of the want of experience of the women voters, but ohiefly beoause the twenty-four Acts of Parliament regulating elections make no pro vision for the now altered oiroumatanoee of the oase. For instance, a man's name and ooonpa tiononoeon the roll never alters. 'John Brown, mason, Grenfell-atreet,' will do for all time; not so, however, with' Miss Mary Ann Brown, spinster,' who subsequently presents herself at the ballot box as ' Mrs. Edward James Johnson, married, of Hutt-Btreet,' and perhaps later on as a " widow.'of some other place. How and who shall deoide such points at the last moment at the voting I It becomes a question whether or nob the law will reqnire amendment before the next general eleotion making it oompuleory for women in tuoh oases to register the alteration before the issue of a writ for an eleotion. The greatest trouble and difficulty in conducting elections henceforth will probably arise oat of the unrestricted ex tension of the Absent Voters Aot to women. " Our correspondent thinks that in oases like those cited, where women may find it neoea eary to oommunicate with the Returning Offioer, the Government Bhoiild charge them a small fee, whioh could be paid by a postage etamp. Death of am Old Colonist.—On Monday news was received of tbe death of Mr. Edward Clark at North am, Western Australia. The deceased gentleman arrived in South Aus tralia early in 1833. For many years he earnestly and thriftily encountered the vicissitudes of oolonial life, and in oonae quenoe aoquired considerable property. In a quiet way be had lived at Walkerville during the past fifteen years, content with com fortable means, well earned and thoroughly enjoyed. On May 13 last he and his wife left by the s.a. Innaminoka for Western Australia with the intention of residing at Northam. Mr. Clark had for a few months suffered from rheumatism, and on Mouday oame the ead news of hie sudden desth from heart disease. He has left a widow, one daughter—Mrs. W. J. Stewart, of Northam—and twoions—Mr. E. J. Clark, of Rosebery; and Mr, C. E. Clark, of Glsnelg. Council of the School of Mines.—At the first meeting of the new year ot the new Council—or rather the old Council reap pointed—of the Sofcoo! of Mines and Indus tries the President of the past year (Mr. J. L. Bonython) was unanimously eleoted Presi dent for the ensuing year. Off to Edbope.—By the Orient Liner Orotava, which railid on Wednesday, Mr. W. K. Siiums, who is aooompanied by Mr. 3. B. Hughes as private sBoretary, left on a pleasure trip to Europe. The travellers will go first to Naples and then to Carlsbad, and they expect to be away about four months. Also dc-parring by the Orotava was Mr. A. L. Pybus, who lor several years has been engaged in Messrs. Harrold Brothers' shipping department in the city, having charge of the business of the Messageries Maribimes Line of steamerB. Mr. Pybus, who is taking the voyage on medical advioe, is accompanied by his wife and ohild, and hopes to return in about eix months. 1 Fbench Warships.—'The French have had Eome remarkably successful trials lately of their new ships. The armoured oruiBer Friaut attained a speed of 18'2 knots at Brest the other day, with 115 revolutions of the eorew for two hours under foroed draught. Tbe trials of the Amiral Cbarner at Rochefort have been interrupted owing to the defective working of her air-oompressing machinery. The Linoie, a third-clasH cruiser now on trial at Toulon, has reaohed 19 knots with natural draught. On the other hand tho Oh&ssaloup-Laubat;, an einarmoured cruiser of 3,722 tons and 9,000 horsepower, which was intemlcd to attain a speed of 19 25 knobs, only reaohed 1S'73 knots. This, however, is undoubtedly due to some defect of tbo hull, as the engines maintained 9,GOO horsepower. The Figaro remarks that a etill graver defnot than want of speed is want of stability, to remedy whioh no less than GO tons of lead have been placed on her keel. The Goyebkuemt Cool Store.—Another cool chamber is to be oonetruoted immediately at the Government oool store at Port Ade laide. At present it is found that a aonsider able amount of oold is lost in opening the doors when tho temperature is low. Tbe addi tional ohamber, whioh will be ready in about three weeks, will be opposite to the present chambers, so that a vestibule containing ohilled air will be left between them. The new ohamber will be fitted with additional solution walla specially adapted for refrigera ticg poultry, pork, and dairy produce generally, so that the temperature can be re duced in the shortest possible time. ■ Oonsoientioob Btrf Weabisoke.—The Ade laide Folios Oourt has seven doors, possesses' nofireplaoe, and the floor being covered with linoleum the hall it so cold in the winter weather that it might serve as a freezing chamber. On Monday the Bitting of the Oourb was protracted unusually far into the night. This was in a great measure due to the lengthy cross-examination of witnesses by Mr. G. Ash, M.P., in three oases in whioh the Parliamentary etonewaller was engaged. Mr. Ash appeared for Samuel Henry Williams, who was called upon to answer two charges of embezzlement, the amounts involved being respectively £110s. and 10s. The informant was David Elias Jones, represented by Mr. A. Melrose. In the third oase the positions of oomplainant and defendant were reversed, Williams proceeding against Jones for £28 13s. 2d., wages due. These three oases ooou piedthe attention of theBenohfrom lU.30a.rn. till 6,60 p.m., and during their bearing and while Mr. Ash was oross-examining, suoh remarks as "1 ooneider the last twenty-five minutes havebeen absolutely wasted" and " We oan't go on all night like this—it is mere waste of time," fell from Mr. Gordon. Mr. Ash is nothing if not conaoientiou-, and he is never satisfied until he has exhausted all arguments in favour of his olieut, bnt long before he had finished on Monday there is no doubt that he had wearied both Bench and Bar. Messrs. Anderson and Imtblean had been waiting in the Oourt from 10 o'olook for their aaae to oome on, and at 6.30 p.m. the former gentleman suggested "tea." Mr. Gordon thereupon intimated that be would take no other oases till 7 o'clock. Before this, however, the gas had to be lit, but the supply from the eighteen jets was bo limited that two oandles had to bs lighted so that -the Olerk might see to take down the depositions. Despite this "linked sweetness longdrawnout"sevsraletragglers still lounged over the rail at the rear of the Oourt, and in the dim and dismal light they looked like the ghosts of departed inebriates and dead beats. The Oourt resumed again at 7 o'clock, aud after a master and servant's dispute for wagea had been disposed of, Messrs. Ander son and Lathlean, who had been waiting about for nine hours, heard the oase in which thsy were engaged called on. ThiB lasted for nearly three hours, and is was 10.15 p.m. before Mr. Gordon left the Benoh ana Mr. HindB called out "This Oourt stands adjourned till 10 o'olook to morrow morning." The Westminstbb Cathedrae—The Tablet states that Mr. J. F. Bentley, to whom Car dinal Vaugbsn entrusted the task oi prepar ing the planB for the new Cathedral in West minster, has just conoluded a visit of three or four months to Italy, where he hae been studying the Basilioas and great Churches of Rome and of Middle aud Northern Italy. As a tentative and suggestive projeot be has sent in two admirable ground plauB, reoalhng to some extent features to be found in the great Ohuroheo of San Ambrogio. dan Vitale, and Ban Marco, of Veuioe. The scale is 350 ft. by 160 ft., the material brick; the arrangement includes a raised monks' choir in the apse, and stalls for the Westminster Chapter in the Sanotuary, with a subter ranean Chapel, or confessional, as in San Ambrogio. The width of the nave is 60 ft., and the length of the transepts 160 ft. The Cardinal has already oolleoted in cash and in promises over £50,000, and donorB of £1,000 will obtain the privileges of Founders. At least £100,000 will be required to roof in and complete the shell of the structure. It is hoped that the foundation-stone may be laid at an early date, but no day can be fixed until the plans are finally settled and business arrange ments completed. Roman Oatholio Confirmation. — On Sunday, June 9, Arohbiehop 0'Ueily,.asBiEted by the Rev. T. F. O'Neill, administered the Saorameut of Confirmation to thirty-two oandidatee, boys and ((iris, in the Church of St. Augustine, Salisbury. The girls were attired in the orthodox confirmation dresses and veils, and the simplicity of the boys' costume was relieved by a red rosette. Mrs. James O'Oallagban and Mr. W. J. O'Leary aoted as sponsors. For some time previous the Rev. T. F. O'Neill was unremitting in his efforts to prepare the children for a worthy reception of the sacrament, and eaoh candi date was submitted to a rigid examination in Christian dootrine. His Grace delivered an impressive address to the recipients of the sacrament and the large oongregation. The St. Kilda Washaway.—The damage done to the embankoient at St. Kilda by an exceptionally high tide a few weeke since has been repaired. The wash away was about seventy-five feet wide, and with a creek twenty-five feet deep flowing strongly through the gap the work men had no light task to etop the bresah. After experienoing considerable difficulty they completed tbe work lost week. Searching fob Knowledge.— A party of students from tbe School of Mines, who left Adelaide on Monday evening, June 3, by the express for Broken Hill, returned by the ex press on Monday to the oity, having spent a most profitable and enjoyable week in in specting the various points of interest in the Broken Hill district. Special faoilitiea were afforded tbem to observe the oreep in Blook 11 in the Proprietary Mine, and the two recent disooveries of carbonate ore and kaolin ore in the Central. The students were treated splendidly everywhere, end re turned laden with favours and specimens. Mr. J. J. East, Registrar of the School of Mines, was in aharge of the party, and Mr. W. 3. MacKenzie, of tbe earns institution, also accompanied tbem. . The Late Miss Violet Varlev. — With reference to the death of Miss Violet Varley an old playgoer writeB as follows:—"I in common with many other patrons of our Theatre Royal deeply regretted the notifica tion oontained in your issue of Monday last of the death of Miss Violet Varley, than whom a prettier little actress has never been seen on the etageof any theatre in Australia. It is a strange coinoidenoe that two of the best of Australian actresses should have been added to the death-roll from the eame oause. The first was one who may yet be well remembered by many in Adelaide over five-and-twenty yearsago—Miss HattieShepparde. I happened to be present when ehe was introduoed to her husband, Mr. Henry Hallam, then a popular tenor singer. The introduotion wss made on the occasion of the first Intercolonial Musical Festival held in Melbourne, Ohristmss, 1870, ' by Mrs. Oharles Simeon, of Adelaide, who at that time happened to be visiting the metropolis of the sister colony. Mrs. Hallam died shortly after the birth of her first child. Tbe child only survived her some few hours, and Mrs. Shepp&rde;, its grandmother, died shortly afterwards. In this way the represen tatives of three generations were buried in the eame plot, within a week, in the Melbourne Cemetery" The New Vicar of St. Peter's, Balla EAT.—The Battarat Ator Btates that the Rov. A. E. Ooote will not for the present as Vicar of St. Peter's, Ballarat, in euooeBsion to the late Vicar, the -Rev. Willougbby Flower, M. A., probably until euoh time as the Rev. F. Slauey Poole, M. A,, now Incumbent of St. John's, Adelaide, is able to proceed to Balla rat to take oh&rge; of that Church. Vicb beg At. — His ExoBllency the Tieiu tenant-Governor i* issuing invitations for an "Ad Home" on Juno 26. Justices for Kingston.—On Saturd ay last Messrs. Handyeide and Aab (membara for Albert) requested the Attorney-General to appoint Justioes for the Kingston distriot, where Oonrte had been adjourned beoaose of laok of Juatioes. The Minister promised to make an appointment at an early date. Farmers' Wants. — The Commissioner of Grown Lands has received from Messrs. Moule and Toy 11 ton, M.P.'a, a petition signed by the farmers and residents of Charra and the surrounding districts, who ask that a landing-plaoe be surveyed at Kooky Point, situated on ideation 1, in the Hundred of Horn, and should a suitable spot be found, that it be proclaimed a Government lauding. The memorialists say that if a landing is pro vided at Kooky Point it will be a great oon venienoe to them. Sieves Espobt.—A special launch with silver for the Orotava left the piers on Tues day with 98 bara of pure metal on board. Fourteen thousand pounda' worth was bound for Colombo. Camels fob Western Australia.—Messrs. Harrold Brothers have been advised by tele gram that the 105 oamels shipped per s.s. Bulimba from Port Augusta to Fremantle on the 4th insb. have all bean landed safely. Arrival of the Ouzco.—The R.M.S. Cuzoo, of the Orient line, reached the Sema phore at a quarter to 9 o'olook on Tuesday morning, being about an hour iu advauoe of the time advised by the Commander from Albany. Considering the weather experienced in the trip aoross the Bight, this was a very good run for the Onzoo. The vessel dropped anohor in a good position abreast of the ooean steamers' buoy, and waB at once oleared by the Health Offioer, Dr. Toll. There were only 112 passengers on board for all ports, and of these a small proportion were for Adelaide. There were altogether seventeen passengers returning from the West, including Councillor M. F. Cava nagh and Messrs. R. E. Gibson _ and K. O. Patterson. Mr. Oavanagh is a well-known arohiteot of this oity, and his mission to Perth was to open a branoh of bis business there. He says that there is con siderable aativity in business ciroles in the West, and the Government is pushing oa a number of publio works, iuolud ing some good State schools. A number of branch busi nesses are being opened in the oity, and fair progress is being made with the Fremantle Harbour Works. Mr. Oavanagh was present at a meeting of the Perth City Counoil. This body meets at night time, which Mr. Cavanagh says suits the convenience of a number of business and professional men who are members. Mr. R. 0. Patterson, formerly Assistant Engineer-in-Chief in this colony, has been for a short time in the west on matters oonneoted with railways. The Adelaide por tion of the Cuzco's mails was put ashore smartly, and reached Adelaide at about 10.3d The Late Sie J. O. Bray.—Tuesday, June 11, was within two days the anniversary of the burial at sea of the late Sir John Cox Bray, and so that evening was set apart at St. Paul's Ohuroh, Flinders-street, for the formal unveiling of a now reredos erected in that Ohuroh Lady Bray in memory of, as the Rev. F. W. 3 am well well expressed it "one of the most distinguished of South Australia's sons." There was an exoeedingly large congregation, further interest being lent to the occasion by the joint festival of the united ohoirs of St. Paul's and Christ Church, whioh was ohareotenzed by the very successful rendering of oratorio music. Behind the altar was the token of affection, the new reredos, which was only "unveiled" in imagination. It is yet far from finished, I but even now is of great beauty, and promises to be as handsome as it is unique. AH the work is being executed in Adelaide. THost of the woodwork is finished, but all the art work, to be done by the 3ohool of Design, has yet to go in. The inscription plate reads: —" To tbe glory of God, and in loving memory of Sir John Cox Bray, KC. M.'l., who died and was buried at sea, June 13, 1894. This reredos has been erected by his widow, Juue 11\. 1895. The sea is His.—Ps. xov. 5." When oompleted the reredos will have on the one side of the central cross two panels— "Theagony of Our Lord" and "Our Lord falling beneath His cross." Above and to tbe left of these (on the same side of the cross) will be symbolized the allegory in gold of the pelioan feeding her young with her life blood. On the righthand side of the oross the resur rection and tbe ascension of Our Lord form the subjects of the two panels, and are sym bolized above by the phoenix rising from the flames. In niohes on either Bide will stand figures in white wood of 3b. Paul and 3b. Barnabas, while beneath them are to be two angels done in ge-so work, bearing symbols of tho Holy 3aorament. The lights on each side of the central cross are symbolio ol the Lord as the Light of the World—of the presence of God with us. There is much rich fretwork and ornamentation yet to come in, and along the front will run the text, "The Lord will be with thee, and He will give thee peaoe." It is also interesting to note that the plain glass window at present above the reredos will soon be replaced by a stained glass window, representing the Oruoitixion, whioh is to be erected to the memory of the late Dr. and Mrs. Schomburgk. Grace Darling Sunbeam Circle.—A sale in conneotion with the Grace Darling Bun beam Circle was held at " Yoothamurra," Bristol-street, Glenelg, on Saturday afternoon. The schoolroom, which was kindly lent by Mrs.. Kingston, was tastefully decorated by the young people, who displayed to the bnsb advantsgo the goods on sale. There was a large attendance, and the proceedings passed off satisfactorily. Trinity Chorch Incumbency.—With refe rence to the nomination of the Rev. F. Webb, of Armadale, Viotoris, by Alderman Tomkin son as trustee of Trinity Church to the Admi nistrator of the Diooese for a licence to the incumbency of that Ohuroh, we learn that the trusts of the Ohuroh are being carefully con sidered with a view to ascertain tho legality of tbe nomination. The matter may be finally dealt with when the Dean of Adelaide returns from tbe country in about a week's time, but it> is just as likely that nothing will be de cided until after the arrival of Bishop Harrner in July. Customs Revenue.— Ab the financial yoar draws to a olose the Customs revenue goes to tbe bad by leaps and bounds. During the week which ended on June 8 it fell away in comparison with the returns for the corre sponding period of the yoar by close on £3,000, and thetolaldeoreasenow stands at nolens than £24,322 8s. 3d. From Julv 1. 1894, bo June 8, 1895, the receipts were £4G1,826 6s. 7d. against £48G, 14813s. lOd.received during bheoorrespon ding period of tbe previous finanoial year. The amount the beer duty has realised to date is £18,SSS 8s. lid. Railway Returns.—The railway revenue for the week ended June 8 was £IG,009, as against £17,875 for the corresponding period of last year, showing a decrease of £1,866. The Government Loan.—After the'Tirea surer had closed .the list of applications for the 31 pet oent. loan on Thursday week, many persona applied at the Treasury for various amounts, and at last a notice had to be posted on the door to the effeot that no further ap plications oonld be reoeived. The Treasurer has given us the following particulars with regard to the snooeasful applications:—There were thirty-two for sums up to £1,000 for an aggregate amount of £14,700; fourteen for between £1,000 and £5,000, aggregating £41,800; seven for from £5,000 to £10,000, aggregating £54,500; four for from £10,000 to £20,000, aggregating £09,000 : and four for above £20,000, aggregating £541,200. All ap plicants for amounts up to £20,000 reoeived in full, and the others rateably in proportion to the amounts they wanted—the percentage for the latter reaohing slightly over 25. Some misapprehension prevails as to whether ap plicants may, if they desire, pay the whole of the money in July. The Treasurer states that they may. Labour-saying Machines in Bootmaking. —The Times in referring to the eeoond annual Shoe and Leather Fair opened a month ago at the Agricultural Hail, Islington, eaya:— "Some of the maohinea whioh have by the recent lookout attraoted eo muoh publio atten tion are exhibited in operation, with several new labour-saving oontrivanoes which have not yet been put on the markets. It is claimed for a set of finishing machines, ex hibited by Messrs. Douglas Brothers, of Bristol, that 25 per oent. of the ordinary labour of a factory oan be dispensed with; A heel-making machine is ebown capable of making the beels for a pair of boots in one and a half minutes, whioh oould not be made in less than twenty minutes by band. In faot, the lesson of the Exhibition eeems to be that machinery is rapidly supplanting hand labour in the boot trade." The Deserving Blacktellow Fund.—Dan WilBon, Point Maoleay, writes to us under date June 4:—"I thank you and the publio very muoh for the kindness in raising funds towards the ereotion of a oottage for me. Words oannot express the feelings of my wife and me towards the kind friends for sending the needed help, as winter ie in." The Trouble with the Nurses.—For onoe the Government and the Hospital Board have agreed. Nurses Graham and Hawkins sent oommunioations to the Board apologizing for any offensive remarks which they might have inadeuseof, but the members of the Board, with the exoeptiou of Dr. Magarey held" that this was not a proper apology. The communications were forwarded to the Ohief Seoretary, who returned them to the Board, endorsing them with minutes, stating that he did not think the apologies euffioieot, and appended a form of with drawal which the nurses would have to use. This will be forwarded to the nurses. Strange to eay, when tlia Government agreed with the Board Dr. Magarey disagreed with the Go vernment. Nurse Hawkins ie at present away from the Hospital. Gifts to the Hospital.—Among recent contributions to the Adelaide Hospital are some easy ohairs for the use of the Con valescent patients, and Dr. Way, at the fortnightly meeting of the Board, pointed out that these useful articles are required in every ODe of the wards. He suggested that kindly disposed persons, who feel inolined to add to the oomfort and ease of prtieuts, oould not do better than let their gifts take the form of easy ohairs. Strange Actios at Country Justices.— Whilo a oase under the Medical Aot Amend ment Aot of 18S9 against a man named Marir.us Friessbourg was proceeding at the Adelaide Polioe Court on Friday week, the informant, Dr. W. Mackay, was subjected to a rigorous cross - examination by the opposing counsel, and in reply to questions stated that some time ago he applied at the Adelaide Police Court for a search-warrant against the defendant in the matter of a larceny, which if it ocourred at all took place in Victoria. On theBe grounds he was refused the warrant, but was dissatisfied, and applied to the Justices at Yankalilla, where the de fendant lived, for a warrant on the same matter, whioh was granted him, and defendant was arrested, brought before ehe Yankalilla Justices, and remanded to Adelaide. The witness further said that though he under stood that on a question of jurisdiction he had no oase on that charge, he intended to go on with it. A Flogging Remitted.—At the Mount Gambier Circuit Ciurt on April 21 a youth named Gerrge 0. Matthews, eighteen years of age, was sentenoed to two years' imprisonment and a whipping of ten lashes for assaulting and attemptiug to rob a Obinaman. A petition has since been preseuted to the Lieutenant Governor praying for the remission of the flogging, and, acting on the advioe of the Chief Secretary, His Kxaellenoy has granted the prayer. Death of a Waif.—A man unknown was found in an outbuilding of an unoccupied house in Gover-street, North Adelaide, during last week by Mr. Dos, a hairdresser, who resided next door. On the Thursday the stranger's condition became so serious that Mr. Doe reported the matter to the North Adelaide polios, who removed the man to the Hospital in an unoonsoioue condition. He died at the Hospital on Saturday morning, June 8. The Coroner was informed, but deoided that an inquest was unnecessary. The unknown was about sixty years of age, 5 ft. 7 in. in height, and of slight build. He bad grey hair, a grey moustaohe, a orooked nose turned a little to the left side, and was toothless. Buikkworth Church Matters.—The legis lation of the Bible Christian and Wesloyan ConferenoeB in relation to Brinkwortb not having given satisfaction a petition has been forwarded to the President of the Wesley an Conference requesting that a Wesleyan service should bo held at Briukworth at a time that will not interfere with any other servioe. The petition contains eighty-six signatures of persons over sixteen years of age, 'he name of noarly every family within a radius of four or five miles of Brinkworth being attached. Mr. M. Davitt's Reception Committee.— We have reoeived from Mr. T. McGann photographic group of the Michael Davitt Reception Committee, which was taken on the lawn on the east side of Parliament House. The group, whioh rhowB the cele brated Irishman in the centre, is executed in Mr. MoGann's best stvle. A Traveller's Impressions. — Alderman Kitber has shown ub some interesting letters which be has reoeived from Mr. Matthew Swinburne, who has.been touring the Colonies, and whom be entertained in Adelaide for a whileduring April. Mr. Swinburne gives Ade laide the credit of being " a very fine, demure, and highly respectable city. It is," he says, " well laid out, with wide streets', parks and open spaces, and has the best and prettiest Botanical and Zoological Gardens for their size I know of. Adelaide is a very pleasant and healthy place to live in, and is the great resort of people of independent means." Mrs. G. O. Hawker.—We hear that Mrs. G. C. Hawker intends to shortly pay a visit to England* Rstdbn of Mr-Micelaei. Datitt.—Alder-1 man Whelan andeeveral member* of the Adelaide Reoeption Committee were at the railway station on .Wednes day morning, June 12, . to weloome Mr. Miohael Davitt back to Adelaide after his trip through. Victoria. Mr. .Davitt is very nmch impressed by what he has seen of Anstralia, and he Speaks highly of the hospitality of the peopler " The reoeption in Melbourne ooold not have been more cordial," he said, " and the Melbourne gentlemen whooame over to Adelaide said it was equal to the greetings here, and that is the best praise they can give," Both meetings in Melbonrne were crowded. Mr. Daritt has roughly sketched out his programme of ynits, timing his stay in each colony so as to reaoli home on Christmas Eve. He has to leave Melbourne for Tasmania on the 26th, re turning to Viotoria on July 2. Aatay of a little over a week in Melbonrne will pre cede the joorney to Sydney, where Mr. Davitt is announced to arrive on the 13th of July. Probably a month will be spent in New South Wales, and after another week in Melbourne, Queensland will be visited—a trip wbioh it is expeoted will last three weeks; then the distinguished tra veller hopes to get a Bteamer to take him round the north of Australia and along the coast of Western Australia to Perth, where a fortnight will be devoted to gaining information regarding the gold fields and . the prospeots of the young colony. Mr. Davitt will then take ateamer from Albany to Sydney, and thence to New Zealand, whioh be. expects to reach about the middle of Ootober. After a stay of about three weeks in the island oolony he will sail for San Francisco, and travel aoross America for home. Probably Mr. Davitt will leave Adelaide for Morgan on Satur day morning, arriving at Lyrup on Monday. He will then drive to Mutthoo and Renmark, and after a general trip round return to Ade laide on Wednesday at midday. The same evening he will leave for Broken Hill, wber9 a lecture will be given on Thursday. Tho train whioh leaves on that night will bring bim baok to the city, whenoehewill finally depart for Mount Gambier on the following Satur day. Reception of Bibhof Hahjier.—The Aimand lidbio, with Bishop Harmer on board, ia due at the Semaphore on Wednes day, July 3, but it is probable that she will arrive on or about Jnue 30. No time has therefore been lost in oonvening a meeting of churchmen tu provide for a fisting reception for the Bishop, and in consequenoe a large number of influential gentlemen—both clerical and lay xnembere of the Ohurch of England— assembled at the Ohuroh Office on Wednesday afternoon to discuss the matter under the presidenoy of Mr. Honry Soott. Resolutions were moved, seoonded, and carried in a busi ness-like fashion that a public meeting should be held in the Town Hall to weloome the Bishop, and that His Exoelluucy the Lieutenant-Governor should be asked to pre side, In proposing the latter resolution Sir Charles Todd felicitously phrased the feelings ot all present when bo aaid that be was eure that His Excellency would, with his well known readiness to sympathize in any move ment of the kind, be only too willing to accede to the request. An influential committee was appointed, and matters oLdetail were left in their bande. ' Some discussion took plaoe as to the day of the meeting, which it was agreed should be held in the evening. It was pointed out that if the Biabop arrived on June 30, his enthronement would probably take plaoe on Tuesday, July 2, or Wednesday, July 3, in whioh oase Thursday or Friday evening, July 4 or 5, would be suitable for the meeting. It was pointed out that Thursday would be a risky day, iu oaae heateamerdid not arrive till the date on whioh it was due (July 3), and this ooneideration, together with the ohanoe that Parliament might sit on Thursday evening, led the majority to favour Friday. Another objection had to be overcome—the question whether tbat Friday was a epeoial one for the Churches, hut this Canon Green stated was not the oase, and then a gentleman, with his mind's eye fixed on the musio for the occasion, expressed his fear that most of the Church ohoirs met for practioe on Friday evenings, and appealed to the Rev. J. Sun tor on the subject. Oanon Green was eure that no choir would let that staud in the way of their giving assistance, and M.r. 8unter, bowing, aaid "My ohoir (St. Paul's) never meets on a Friday evening," which raised a laugh and Bottled the question. It was, therefore, praotioally decided that the public meeting should take place on the even ing of Friday, July 6. The Late Mrs. Lyle.—The death is an nounosd of Mrs. Elizabeth Lyle, an old and reepeoted resident of Glenelg. Mrs. Lyle, who was eighty years of age, arrived in the colony in the Lord Raglan in 1854, and resided at Glenelg for many years. The deceased lady had been ailing for some monthB, but her death, which took plaoe late on Tuesday night, wbb net altogether expected. Alwaya of a gentle and unselfish disposition she was greatly beloved. Mr. Lyle died about five years ago. The deoeased lady is survived by two sons—Mr. T. Bartlett, of Stockyard Creek, and Mr. Edward Bartlett, of Mary Btreet, Glenelg—and several grandchildren. The Late Mr. James Brouard. — The death is announced of Mr. James Brouard, who died at hie residence Sussex-street, Glenelg, on Wednesday, June 12. Mr. Brouard arrived in the colony in 1854 in the ship Pestonjee Bomanjee. Having had con siderable experience in sealing he deoided to keep to the seaand followed the occupation of afishermau. Thedeceased was greatly reepeoted by all olaeses, and bis kindbearted and oheery disposition won for him the happy title "Grandpa." Reoently Mr. Brouard, who was eighty-four years of age, celebrated his golden wedding, and at that time he appeared to be in asound stateof health. Retook agreat interest in yaohting, and at one time was one of the orew on board the yaoht Edith. Mr. Brouard was a native of Guernsey. He leavesa widow, a daughter (Mrs. J. Bruce), many grandchildren and great- grandchildren. Hie son-in-law, Mr. James Bruae, was the ownor of the ketch Wilpena, and with his brother George was drowned while engaged in salvaite work at the Iron King, whioh was wreeked at Troubridge. Mobb Adelaide Hospital Contradiction. —A meeting of the Hospital Commission was held on Wednesday morning. Dr. W. A. Giles, as representative of the House Com mittee of the Adelaide Hospital, was examined at some length regarding the work ing of the institution. He devoted some time tooiitiousing the evidence of Mr. Owen Smyth, Superintendent of l'ublio Buildings, and Mr. Variables, the Olork of Worke. The Doctor stated emphatically that friction existed between the Board and the Publio Works Department, by whom, he said, the Board had bsen treated discourteously. If the Board made a request for some work to be done their letter might not, he said, bo answered forsome months, and then, without a word to any one, the work would be done. He made eouie interesting statements in support of his contentions. The Commis sion adjourned for a fortnight. Tab Trouble in theTanning Work was proceeding in the beamhonse abthe Bowden Tannery oh Wednesday, and Mr.*. Bowie ie reported to bare aa many hands-as he reqniree at present in thie department. Another labourer was engaged, and it i* asserted that others are waiting to be taken bhV \- Making Room fob the Ladies. — We understand .that Mr. Oaldwell, who mi- , dertook to resign with the Hon.Dr. - Magarey when there waa a neoesaiby to make room on the Hospital Board tor ladies, d&ea; 1 not intend to fallow hie oolleague by handing in bis resignation, on the ground that the necessity for such a step has not yet been, demonstrated. Thb London Winb Depot,—The following;. is an extraot from a letter written on May 3 by a London firm of wine merchants, doing a large business in Australian wines, to a oorre spondeut in Adelaide" With wines sold by the depot through Southard's sale or other-' wise the enolosud lsbelB are supplied—they may of oourse be used in the most base manner for any wines by unscrupulous buyers. The bonded oellars in Thames-street, rented for the Government at many hundreds a year, are now empty. Arrangements might far better have been made with one of the existing bonded ■tores, thereby effecting a great saving of ex pense," The label is a vary tasteful prodno- ■ tion. It contains tbe trade mark "Orion," and has the inscription—" All wines bearing this brand have been analysed by oifioiu experts to the Government of South Aus tralia and oertified pure and sound." The Oareeb of Author Obtos.—Mr. J. Prindiville, postmaster, Urania, Y.P., send* us tbe following, under date May 26:—"I was muoh interested in reading your abstraot of the People's Journal's account of the oonfession ot Arthur Orton and how he spent his time. From the mouth of November, 1852, to the year 1855 he makes a jump, and gives no aooount of how he spent those three years. I oau fill up part of that spaoe at _ least, for he sailed from the East India Export Docks in the passenger-ship Historia, of Loudou, on April 22, 1654, for Australia, of whioh ehip I was a passenger, and we arrived in Port Adelaide on July 28 ninety five days on the passage. During the voyage out he and I got to be very intimate, and spent many hours in eaoh other's oompany. He told me that bj was a pork butoher's eon, and that bis father lived at Wapping, London, and eupplied some of the ships with pork. Arthur did something that disgraoed tbe family—he did not tell me what it was— and his father cut him oil and banished him. He told me then that be went tolive with, orwaa takeu in by,oue of bis uuales, and bis unole . told him he had better go away to America for a time till his father's anger oooled down. Arthur said he would, but had not the money to do so. The unole said he would advance bini the money, as he knew bs would get ie back from the father. - When Arthur got the money instead of taking Bhip for Amerioa he paid his passage for Australia, and told the unole that he would go to Liverpool and ship for Amerioa. He used to exult over how he gave them the slip and how his friends would think he was in Amerioa. On our arrival at Port Adelaide I remained in Adelaide and Arthnr went on to Viotoria, as the passengers had the privilege of landing at whichever of the three porta they shought fit, Adelaide, Melbourne, or Sydney. Toe passage-money was £21 to either port. I never saw him after parting with him at Port Adelaide. I could identify him amongst a number of men." The New Governor.— Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton (writes a London correspondent in the Argus) was discovered quite by obanoe, and oomes in very well for Che Governorship of South Australia. Be is fifty-eight years of age, sat for seven years in Parliament,latterly' has had a hand in the affairs of Uganda Terri tory, and has also supported the Scotch Uni versities' Mission, which has spent £2,000,000 in planting Christian Imperialism in Nvassa laud. Descended from the famous friend and oolleague of Wilberforoe and Olarkron in the anti- slavery orusade, Sir T. F. Buxton has maintained the "evaogelioal" traditions of the family. When be married Lady Viotoria Buxton, one of the first babies for whom the Queen stood godmother, and daughter of the sainted Karl and saintly Jountess of Gains borough, British Protestantism rejoiced greatly. It is somewhat easier for a brewer to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven if he has ceased to take an aotive share in the busi ness, and Sir Thomas, although the second largest holder in Truman, Banbury, and Buxton's, is only a sleeping partner. He has a good deal of property round Oromer, and is a "thorough Buxtcn," that is to say, a good, sensible, bonent sort of man. Death of Michael Davitt's Daughter.— The Dublin Freeman of April 27 baB the following:—"The death of Kathleen Mary, the eldest child of Michael Davitt, will evoke tbo sinoerest feelings of sympathy for the bereaved father from every Irishman at home aud abroad, and no lees heartfelt will be the sympathy of the British and American and Australian people, who hold Mr. Davitt in high appreciation. The sad and unexpeoted event occurred on Thursday last week. It is only a fortnight or so ago that her father left her in the enjoyment of health. The sad news that will greet bim on his arrival in Anetralie, whither he is now bound on the high seas, is that bis little heart'e delight is no more. We feel assured we oan offer him the exprei siooof thedeepestsym pathy from the Irishrao9. On Saturday the remains were removed for interment from Land League Cottage, Bally bra jk, to Giasnevin Cemetery. Several members of the Irish Parliamentary party attended the obsequies, aud many pretty wre&ihB; were sent." An Old Pioneer.—Mr. Thomas Nelson Mitobell, a very old colonist, and better known in the early days as "Old T.N.,"died at the Kapunda Hospital on Friday week at the age of eighty-nine. He at one time lived at Mitchell's Flat, somewhere westward of Woodside, and was, we believe, in the service of the South Australian Company. In the early Forties he wae a resident of Gilbert street, Adelaide. The deoeased was a "good man" amongst oattle, and to all old hands this remark is suggestive enough. In the old daye of the Resident Magistrates Court he wae a litigious person and when the Looal Courts were first established in his district be was a very regular attendant,and beconduotedhiBownoaees with rareshrewdness. Of late years hehad been living on the oharity of the owners of the Anlaby Estate, and had been oared for by the lateand present Managers, Mr. H. T. Morris and Mr. P. M. Miller, by whom he was very kindly treated. A Soldier's Funeral.—H.R.H. the Duke of Connaught, who is in command of the AMersbot division, testified his apprecia tion of the worth of the late Major John Jervois, RE., formerly D.A. A.G. and acting Commandant of the South Australian Foroes, by personally attending the military funeral of the gallant officer, an honour that is not usually accorded by Royal personages, the custom being to depute onoof their staff to attend the obsequies. 