SOCIAL. Christmas week does not usually lend Itself to reunions of a strictly social nature, and this year the festivities have been in most cases particularly private. Lord and Lady Hampden and their family are ex- periencing for the first time an Australian Christmas, and making themselves at home with Christmas bells and Christmas bush In the midst of some or our prettiest Aus- tralian scenery. The exodus has long since begun from the busy, stifling city to the equally busy rendezvous of society in the various summer resorts, or to the reposeful solitude of the country, where both mind and body may be refreshed by the con- templation of our stately gum tree. Sir Frederick and Lady Darley are spending the summer in their beautiful mountain home at Katoomba, where on the 23rd inst. her ladyship performed the opening cere- mony in connection with a Christmas Tree which was arranged for the benefit of the Katoomba Wesleyan Church. The Rev. A. Holliday, minister of the church, intro- duced Lady Darley to those present, who, after a few words of compliment to the stall-holders, declared the tree open to all purchasers. Her ladyship was presented with a pretty bouquet by Master Jack Chandler. Mrs. Whitehead and Miss Dar- ley were also present. As already stated, Major-General and Mrs. Hutton have taken Captain Murray's house for the season, Mme. Rougier is also at Wentworth Falls, Mrs. Wilfred Docker at Blackheath; Indeed, from all parts of the mountains we constantly hear of new arrivals. Sir George and Lady Innes are at Sutton Forest, while the usual habitues of Moss Vale and Bowral have re-opened their country residences. Sir Joseph Abbott paid his usual visit to Win- gem, where he has always spent Christmas Day with his mother; while Lady Abbott and the children, with a few special friends, had a happy time at Tarrella. Tasmania and New Zealand are most attractive this season, for besides Mr. and Mrs. Edward Harvey, Mr. and the Misses Greene, Mr. and Misses Trickett, there are numerous others due at cither or both these places. England, again, claims other friends, and to-day Mrs. Walton Merewether and Mr. and Mrs. Butterworth start in the M.S.S. Australlen for Marseilles. Mrs. Mere- Wether is taking her two children to finish their education in England, and to make the acquaintance of their English relatives. Mrs. Merewether will be greatly missed by a wide circle of friends to whom she has endeared herself by her charming personality, while in the amateur musical circles her absence will occasion much regret. Mr. and Mrs. Butterworth will also take with them the best wishes of their Sydney friends. The former has always been a popular member of the profession, and the latter, since her coming amongst us a few years ago, has been distinguished by her artistic talent and kindly hospitality. "Lurlie," Mr. Merewether's house in Double Bay, has been taken by Mr. Addison, who, we understand, will shortly provide it with a charming chatelaine. The Australian Jockey Club will hold their second day's summer meeting at Randwick to-day. The committee of the Moss Vale Lawn Tennis Club have issued invitations for a dance at the new hall. Moss Vale, for Friday next. Mr. Everard Row and Mr. Reginald Scroggle are the Joint hon. secre taries. The opening of the Bowral and Moss Vale Club for the 1896 season has been fixed by the committee to take place on January 4, at 3 p.m. His Excellency the Governor and J Lady Hampden have intimated their intention of being present. One of the pleasantest' Christmas "break- lng-up" functions of this season took place at Chollerton, Miss Hathorn's ladies' school at Darling Point. The house was prettily decorated for tho occasion, and among those invited to tho dance last week were Mrs. and Master Burton Dibbs, Mrs. and Miss Dalrymple Hay, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Dalley, ' the Misses Dalley, the Misses Flood, tho Misses Milne, Mr., Mrs., and the ' Misses Mien, Miss Edith Lamb, the Messrs. M'Kellar, Miss M'Kellar, Miss Vera Le Patourel, Miss Turner, Miss Inglls, the Messrs. Cruickshanlc, Bowyer, Corridge, Stokes, M'Cartby, Simpson, Williamson, Raymond, King, Weigall, Daly, Campbell, Dr. M'Donald, Mr. Gaden, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Von Arnheim, and Mr. Plunkett. An ex- collent supper was served in the dining- room on rose-decked tables, and tho music was all that could be desired. Chollerton commands a fine view of the harbor, and stands in well wooded grounds high above the water. These pretty surroundings were much; enjoyed on Monday by Miss Ha- thorne's friends, and the evonlng's enter tainment passed off with every success. The marriage of Mr. Ernest Iliff Robson (Sydney C.E.G. School), eldest son of the late Mr. John Shield Robson, Sunderland, England, and Miss Kate Isabel Morrison, second, daughter of Dr. Morrison, of the Scotch College, East Melbourne, was cele brated at the Scots Church, Collins-street, on Wednesday, the 18th Inst. The church was beautifully decorated for the occasion, arches of white flowers and a marriage bell composed of waterlilies being effec tively arranged with graceful palms and ferns. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore ivory satin duchesse. The bodico wa3 made with transparent chiffon yoke, and draped with a fichu of the same material, while the full elbow -sleeves were finished in correspondence. She carried a lovely bouquet of waterlilies, and wore sprays of orange flowers and white heather on her dark hair. Over all fell a graceful tulle' veil. Three bridesmaids wero in at tendance, Miss Hetty Morrison (sister of the bride), and her pretty little nieces the (Misses Hester and Nancy Mitchell. Miss Morrison wore white satin with white chif- ion fichu, slightly opened at the neck, where ft was fastened by a bouquet of natural pink rosebuds; her large white satin straw- picture hat was trimmed with white fea thers and rosettes of chiffon. The little sirls were dressed alike In Puritan frocks of white satin, with chemisettes and sleeve slashings of white silk-striped gauze; their hats wero large and picturesquo, being of iwbite satin finished with white plumes. (All the maids carried pink posies and wore gold bangles with luck-bolls attached (gifts of the bridegroom). Dr. M'Farland,' of Ormond College, was best man. At the conclusion of the ceremony the. wedding guests were entertained at the Scotch Col lege by Dr. and Miss Morrison, where a wedding tea was served in the college idlning-boll, the Rev. Alexander Marshall, Who had officiated, proposing the health of the bride and bridegroom. Late in the afternoon, Mr. and Mrs. Robson left for Mornington, where Dr. Morrison had placed his country house, Craigie Lea, at their disposal for tho honeymoon, the latter wearing a tinted grass lawn costume, trimmed with white embroidered grass lawn, and white satin. The guests includ- ' ed Sir Henry Wrixon, Captain YV. YY ailing- ton, the Hon. Rupert and Mrs. Carring- ton. Commander and Mrs. Collins, Judge and Mrs. Molesworth, Mr. J. L. Purves, Mrs. Mars Buckley and Miss Buckley, Mrs. S. M'Culloch, and Professor and Mrs. Al ien. The presents, which were unusually handsome, included "A Voyage in the Sunbeam" and "Sunshine and Storm in tho East" from his Excellency Lord Brassey; an emerald and diamond star ; an opal and diamond ring; as well as gifts from Sir Frederick and Lady Sargood, Mr. and Mrs. Cruicksbank, Sir William and Lady Clarke, Sir Henry and Lady Wrixon, Mr. aud Mrs. Catto, Mrs. Edward Miller, the Primate of Sydney, staff Sydney C. E. G. School, old boys Sydney C. E. G. School, Mr. and Mrs. Sbadwick, and the members of the North Sydney Rowing Club. A pretty wedding was celebrated on Wed nesday, December 18, at St. Androw's Ca thedral, when Miss Mabel Dent and Mr. W. T. Simpson were married, the ceremony being performed by tho Rev. Richard Read. The' bride, who entered the church with, and was given away by. her uncle, Mr. J. K. Cleeve, P.M., Penrith, looked charm ing in a trained costume of ivory white corded silk, with handsome chiffon and crystal trimmings, and sprays of orange blossomB. Her veil was festooned with a diamond crescent, the gift of the bride groom, and she carried a magnificent bou quet of Eucharls lilies. Tho bridesmaids, Miss Cleeve (cousin of the bride), Miss Simpson (sister of the bridegroom), wore costumes of white silk finished off with satin bows; collars of rich Valenciennes lace, and 6loevos of lace insertion and silk. .They wero the recipients of lovely hearts of pearl, the gift of the bridegroom. Four tiny bridesmaids, the Misses Zara Cleeve, May Cleeve, Irene and Leila Galley, were also in attendance, carrying floral crobks, and wearing pretty white costumes. Mr. Leonard Pooley acted as best man, and Mr. Arthur Mitchell as groomsman. In cluded in the Invited guests, who numbered about 80, wero Mrs. Dent (mother of the bride), in black corded silk richly trimmed with jet, bonnet to match; Mrs. Cleeve, in brown poplin trimmed with chene silk and passementerie; Mrs. Y'eomans, ill black merveilleux, richly trimmed with white duebesse satin nnd sequins; Mrs. Henry Dent (Whltton), in brown crepon, trimmed with silk and butter lace. Miss Stella Cleeve looked charming in white. .French muslin 'irlmm'W " 'witli Vojau'clenues'.' laci,',, and white chiffon hat. At the conclusion of the ceremony the Wedding March was played by Mr. Montague Younger, and the happy pair-left the Cathedral amid showers of rose leaves and rice. An adjournment was then made to Nlthsdale, where re freshments were served, and where Mr. and Mrs. Simpson received , the congratulations of their friends. Later on, Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, the latter dressed in a biscuit- colored crepon, with shot pink silk 3leeves, finished with passementerie, left by rail for Wollongong, whence they propose to journey to Tasmania and Melbourne. The presents received wero both numerous and costly. In reading the accounts of the Vander- bllt wedding one is struck by the fact that the bride has set quite a new fashion in wedding gowns. Her white satin, or mil lionaire satin, as It should be called, for the material is so thick, so rich, so lus trous, and so extremely dear as to bo beyond tho purse of all but the very wealthy, was covered to the waist with fine flounces of magnificent English point, leaving only the back breadths plain. The satin revere on Miss Vanderbilt's bodice were covered with double ruffles of the same lace,, and folds of it were disposed round the neck, being caught up with dia mond clasps. The five-yard long train with its embroideries of pearls and silver was in quite regal magnificence. The bridesmaids' costumes must have been very effective. They wero plain white satin relieved with pale blue silk sashes, contrasted with vel vet hats of royal blue, trimmed with pale blue feathers. An item in tho trousseau tbat most appeals to the feminine mind is a long chinchilla pelisse, lined throughout with rose-leaf pink satin. Seventy- five new gowns were included in the trousseau! Mrs. Vanderbilt wore sky blue Eatln, bor dered with Russian sable, the bodice em broidered with green pearls, and draped at the sides with cream-colored point lace; the whole finished with a detachable sboul- der-piece of lace and silver with sable col lar. In connection with the Marrlckviile branch of the Ministering Children's Lea gue, and in furtherance of the movement for the establishment in the local Cottage Hospital of a children's cot, which the members of the league have bad in hand for some time, an elaborately prepared and very successfully carried out Christmas party was recently held in the Excelsior- hall, Marrlckviile. The interior of the hall was gaily decorated, and conspicuous among the attractions was a huge Christ mas tree, laden with a heavy crop of toys, etc. The attendanco was very numerous; and Mrs. Patrick (president), Mrs. Long (secretary), and other ladles interest ing themselves, are to be congratulated on the high measure of success attend ing their efforts. Dr. Perkins con ducted a "spelling bee," in which the prizes were secured by Miss F. Beach and Master L. YVhitelnw; and under tho direction of tho Rev. H. Dunlop, "The Ghost in the Pawn Shop" was enjoyably given. Solos were rendered by a number of the visitors, in addition to choruses by the ministering children. In addition to the many elegant evening costumes worn, a ?umber of the vlsitore appeared in fancy dress. Among these were Mrs. Alfred Kane, New Year; Mrs. Bedwell, Hospital Nurse; Miss A. Jones, Flower Girl; Miss C. Bedwell, University Student; Miss A. Bedwell, Little Bo-Peep; Miss J. More house, Buttercup; Miss Mason, Gipsy; Miss M. Bradley, School Girl; Miss Stirling, Bougainvillea; Miss L. Stirling, Rose; Miss E. Thackray, Flower Girl; Miss M. Thack- ray. Fairy; Misses E. and A. Jentsch, Gip sies; Miss Gannon, Kate Greenaway; Miss G. Trivett, Snow; Miss M. Trivett, Bo- Peep; Miss E. Merrit, Ivy; Miss Ethel Mer- rit, Daisy; Miss Bowery, Hospital Nurse; Miss D. Hartley, Red Riding Hood; Miss G. Vickery, Night; Miss E. Etherden, Flow er Girl; Miss M. Cramp, Ministering Angel; Miss J. Blrse, Highland Lassie; Miss Thompson, "Weekly Review." Mr. Alfred Kane was arrayed In the garb of Father Christmas, and a number of other gentle men came attired as Chinese Mandarins,- Cricketers, Academicians, Cyclists, and Footballers. In response to invitations issued by Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Saywell, about 60 couples were present at a ball held in the pavilion attached to the building until recently known as Scots College, Lady Robinson's Beach, on 'Boxing Night. A long pro gramme of dances was gone through and thoroughly enjoyed, the party dispersing about 3 a.m. Mr. George Saywell made a most efficient M.C. Many of the most stylish examples of millinery which attracted attention on Box ing Day at the races were the production of Messrs. W. T. Waters and Co., of King- street, whose designs we must say are nlwnvs frpah find nnnnmrnnn.— Adrt. 