EVICTING A GHOST. AlmoBt every town or village fans its haunted house, and the settlement of Wanda, in India, was no exception. Here a number Gf English oEioera and their families live during the wanner montht, . returning to their respective oommands later on. The rumour that Captain Beauohamp's houee was haunted was oiroulated by a servant. He was awakened' one night by a most extra' ordinary noise. The door-bell wae' ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing none in the wall of the bouse—not in one place, but in several at onoe, and then he heard a loag-dravra aigh. This was the laat feather. He rushed to hia employer's room and aroused him, vowing that the place was. haunted. The notoriety so oheaply earned became exceedingly disagreeable. Matters stood • in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted houae. Aa there were a number of children in the family the performers were'invited into the jCjrpunds, and gave an euf e|tfti;9«P.ent, Finally ohetfl the iflW tbhfc'bfib Susthall oval basket having an orifice in the top, and seating him* sett near it began to play a quaint eirupona flute. After industriously playing for a few moments up through the hole m the basket came the head of the oobra, and when 12 in.or 15 in. above the basket it began to wave to and froaaif in obedienoe to the measure of the musio. After the snake dauoe—or the shake "charming, "as Europeans are wont to call it —the Indian snake-charmer walked around the house, and among the bushes pointed ont a hole which might have been made by a rabbit. To one of the natives be said he would take out a oobra whioh be thought was - in the hale, boating himself be ore the hols the magician began liis mournful plaint. For fifteen minutes he. kept up the noise, and thon from the opening there appeared the ugly hooded head of a -oobra. Another hole was soon found, this being direotly at the base of the wall of the bouse. The man examined it e few moments oarefully, then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had the group gathered about the performer before araost reiuarkabienoise cama (ram the house. First, there gas a sound aa of escaping steam ; then a souud of some great body striking the wall and rubbing againat the timbers. . -J ■ lJu-t in clouds oame from the hole, and the "oharmer" started bank in terror, overturning, the man behind him. Recovering himself be darted at the hole, and thrusting his arm in drew out not a oobra, but the tail of a larger snake. Astonishment was depioted oh the native's face, and horror on . those of many of the spectators, as ho stood holding the tip of 'ths tail,, and 5 ft. of the ...body was visible. For a second the man hesitated, thsu regaining bis oourage he shouted iu Hinduetanee for the lookers '- on to stand back, and taking a good grip upon the tail he pulled gradually baokwera. Out it came, foot by foot, inch by inob, 5 ft., 10 ft., 15 ft., IS ft.—18 ft., was there no end ?—18 ft. of quivering snakr.ftesh as large as a mania thigh. A quick jerk and the entire monster was clear—at least 20 ft. in length—big enough to swallow a deer, and yet held by * single'uian. The jhative was, however, not in ths least discouraged. He olung totha tail, and as ths huge reptile turned towsrde him with an angry hiss he gavoit a swinging motion by turning slowly. Gradually fete increased his speed, turning faster and faster, until beseemed the centre of a wheal, the apokes of which were the body of thS python, So rapid was the.motion that the snake's body was perfeotly straight, and it was evident that as long as the motion ooulu be kept up the 'man was safe, but if (he monster could reach him be would in a moment be orushed in the horrible folds of '.the reptile. It soon became apparent that the oharmer knew what he was about. Hot far from the house stood a etout flagetsff lj ffy through, of «olid teakwood, and towhrd this he was gradually moving, whirling the snake faster and faster. When be was within 25 ft. of it, it dawned upon tho few spectators what he wae about to do. This was to strike the head of the reptile against the pole. Hearer he oame, whirling faster and faster,^:, nntil the serpent stood ont like a whiplash, ; and then, with a'-quick step forward, ho : brought thohsad of the animal against the wood with a crushing sonnd. He releaiefi hie bold, and -tbegrpat -Kiptite doubled up ih convulsive -folds, digging np-the,earth. »-.*d eesuithg cloud's 'of dust jhlo the air.'linu 1 drdpping limp- and'lifeless to the gro«>'« Gfie thing was evident. that there wae iie ktgbost." '" ■' ; - ' 