Ulan Love's Disappearance. CHAPTER Y.—(Oontiimecl.) ' In the dimmest corner of the room there is a glimpse of a poor, small bed, shielded by calico curtains. ' ' She is there,' I say to Allan Love. ' Do you wish to speak to her ?' 'His glance holds more venom than a serpent's sting as he snarls : ''No!' ' As the -word falls from his lips a call' seems to come from the couch. But it is not an articulate call. It is the weak, ailing whine of a new-born babe. 'He starts, and I see a crimson, stain mount to his brow. 'His child? Yes! A startled breath quivers on his lips as he mores hastily forward and pulls the curtains back. ' It is a sight to thrill even his heart, so petrified with sin. Aloha, as daintily fair as a lily, lies there. Her golden hair ripples over the pillow. Her wide, yearning eyes are wan and dark-circled. One arm is out flung on the patchwork quilt ; the other is curved around a poor little creature that seems but the ghost of a babe. ' Will he kneel and ask pardon of the girl whose life he has so brutally darkened ? Will he touch with reverent fingers the infant's waxen cheek ? r ' There is dead silence in the room. Allan Love does not move, and the only expression upon his face is keenest defeat. ' ' Ah — you have come — at last !' ' Aloha's voice flings out that passionate, bitter cry — the cry of a woman who has lived in the most woeful sense. ' He does not answer. ''After you really marry me,' she says, wiuiiuuu a, uiiige Ui. teuueiMiCBB ur jLUigivcuooa, ' go away — out of my life — out of my sight forever, and I will pray to God that I may never look upon your face again !' ' Though I lived a century I shall never forgot that scene. ' . ' Allan Love's unwilling hand is in the loose clasp of the girl's white fingers, the clergyman looms up in the ruddy glow of the fire, the sheriff watches behind. I stand as one witness, a revolver in one hand ; the old Indian servant is the other. ? ' Poor, beautiful Aloha, what a bridal ! ' My heart swells with wrath and pity all through that gloomy ceremony, but at last it is finished. I was satisfied. For I was determined to remove all doubt from Aloha's .UlliH-l^^UULGV-LUALlCLl VLLtLV OUC EjlIUfclJ.il JJlttVC '» marriage ceremony which she could accept beyond the shadow of a doubt. ' ' This is a time fit for forgiveness,' says the clergyman. ' It is not too late to repair tyixe iava'co xunuts uul nuou uuu luvcj c*o vino solemn compact before God has repaired the wrong.' ' He looks from one to the other, but Aloha turns her face and lays her lips upon the brow of her child. Allan Love stands with folded arms, looking at his newly-made wife, then at the clergyman, at the sheriff, at me. At last he breaks into wild, disdainful laughter. i ' ' What a farce ! Is it quite finished ?' and he looks with mock entreaty at me. ' Have I your permission to retire ?' ' ' My part in the scene is completed,' I answer. ' ' Then I may conclude that mine is, too. Gentlemen, good night.' ' He opens the door, that smile like a mocking devil's still upon his HpB. ' ' Sidney Raritan, I have a word for you in private,' he says, and I follow him. ' The wind sierhs round the dilapidated house, the baby's cry mingling with it eerily, as for the last time I stand face to face with the man who hates me. ' ' I have only one thing to tell you. It is this : The time .may come when our positions may be reversed ? ' ' ' Never !?' I interrupt. ' Don't speak of what you don't understand. What do you know of honesty, of self-respect, of truth ? I ', can never stand where you do to-night.' 'A sneer curls his lips and again ho laughs. ' ' You think you know mo well,' he says. ' You think you understand me. I tell you I shall surprise you yet. Oh, you are suc cessful now. You have the whip-hand ; you have made me eat humble -pie to-night. But if at any time in the future you find yourself ruined, body and soul, look for the hand of Allan Love, and you will find that it has crumbled the edifice of your life about your cars. I don't know how, yot. I don't see my way clear now, but I can wait ; and wo aio told that the waiting ones at Fate's door are always successful.' ' That white face, those teeth flashing in. a distorted smile, those Eombro eyes, heavy with hate, they rise before me like a ghostly face patterned upon the air. ' He strides from my side toward the cart and is driven away through the whirling snow. I have never seen him since. ' Afortnightlater I stand at the nearest rail way station, wishing Aloha good-by, believing she is bound for her father's home, and a good woman as nurse is with her. Imagine my surprise when, a fow clays later, I receive this note : ' 'Dear, Dear Sid,— You have done for me all that one human being could do for another. I will never forget it, never ! Thank God I am married, and that my child's portion will not be shame. What I havo to say now will surprise you. I cannot go back to my father, to my old borne. A great gulf yawns between me and the old life. I have written to my father, and this time I am 'really gumg w new jLorit, wnere x snau oegm me anew for my child's sake. I have enough money of my own to make me independent - of the man whose hated name I bear. When I am settled I shall send my address to you and to my family. Until then good-by. ' 'God blesB you, my dear, dear friend. If I yet make something of my life, remember the credit will be to you, Farewell. ' 'Aloha.' ' 'This letter I received months ago. Since jthen I have heard from Aloha's father that she had gone to England. One thing I am sure of, that Allan Love is as one absolutely dead to her. -' And of him ! They say he is dead ! It is hinted that I murdered him. As solemnly as if death awaited me the next moment, I swear that I have never seen him since the night he left me in the snow outside Aloha's dwelling. ' ' They may question and suspect me. To the end I will be silent about the events of that wild, never-to-be-forgotten night — for Aloha's sake. ' No one dreams that she held a nameless babe to her heart before Allan Love was lorced to call her wife, and no one ever shall mow from me — while I live. But I leave ;his truthful record for Vida Hetherford. ' Sidney Raritan.' He folded it, and sealed it in an envelope, with this written upon its face : To be opened by Vida Hereford in case of my ieath or mysterious disappearance. , ' Sidney Eaeitan.' It was almost three o'clock before he fell asleep, and his last thought was : ' Vida — love — I shall see her to-morrow.' CHAPTER VI. Ana wnne Qianev slept, two scenes were being enacted that were bound to have an in fluence upon his future life. In the House by the River the lights were still burning, as they so often burned far into the gray dawn. For what was day or night to the man who was letting his life drift by there ? The shaded lamp in the sombre study had a cheerful effect upon the dismal place, and before it Mr. Fairleigh sat, his shrouded hands clasping his knees. The whole form was covered by the friar's robe that was so com plete a disguise. He was waiting for some one and waitiner imuatiently. 'Don't yuh want anything to eat, mas'r?' asked old Remus, putting his white, woolly head in. ' I got a' nice bit o' supper heah. There's waffles and a bit of. boiled fish you'd smack youah lips after, to say nuthin of a cup of Turkish coffee you're always in trim for.' ' Bring the coffee, nothing else. Perhaps Mr. Griggs will be hungry. Keep the rest hot for him.' ' All right, mas'r, but so much coffee, with out food, ain't good for yuh — no, tain't,' and mournfully shaking his head, he retreated. 'Three o'clock. He was to have been here by one,' came from Mr. Fairleigh's lips, as, going to the window, he drew the heavy cur tain aside and looked out. But, perhaps something important detains him — perhaps +rt lootTQ -in +nmo 4:r\ Iroor* Trio n.T^TiniTi+.mOTTf. 'TOirn me might make him lose some valuable in Eormation. Ah, that's more important. I ought to be willing to wait.' He strode away from the window, mutter ing to himself : ? ' And to think that I can never dare look in Raritan's face again. Never dare say to him, as he stands before me, with every hope crushed, his life a tomb : ' You see I have kept my word and ruined you.' This revenge is all I live for. Oh, may it be sweet !' But all reflection died, and he lifted his head eagerly, like an animal which scents blood, as a knock sounded on the door. Into the rosy half-light came Theodore Griggs, his sharp eyes fastened upon the strange employer he served. 'You are Jate; W-hyf Did — did ne detain you?' asked Mr. Farleigh. 'Not consciously,' was the grim answer. ' I didn't know but that he might leave town at midnight, so I waited opposite his windows until I saw his light go out.' 'He is in New York — asleep at this moment, I suppose ?' 'Yes, I could swear it.' Old Remus entered with the supper, which Mr. Griggs did full justice to, and when it was over and he had lighted a cigar, he began to talk. 'The man whom you suspect — or hate — or whatever it is — is a mighty fine- looking fellow,' ' Yes, he was always handsome,' came the unwilling: reply. ' He seems happy — suc- cessful ? Tell me all. Describe him to me. Don't yon see how eager I am?' There was something cruelly revengeful in his voice, and a shiver of aversion crept over Griggs. Then followed a recital of the events of the night. Griggs had, indeed, been a good watcher. And he had used his tongue, as well as eyes and ears; for every one that might know anything of Sidney Raritan's past, present, or future, had been questioned closely. As he eat beside the mysterious figure in the room lit by the wood-fire, he sketched Vida Hetherford, the fair young girl Sidney loved; he told of the return of Clyde Hastings, and at the name a cry of delight fell from Mr. Fairleigh s lips. ' Clyde Hastings ? And you say that he, too, loves Vida Hetherford ?' ' Yes.' '? Well, he'll win, or make Sidney Raritan rue the day he ever saw her face !' he hissed. ' You know him, then ?' ' Yes, I know him.' Tho conversation between Sidney and Clyde in Bryant Park, where Griggs had been listening, was also given. ' Say that again — again !' was the hoarse reply. And in his excitement Mr. Fairleigh laid his hand, shrouded in its sleeve, upon the: detective's shoulder. A chill struck him. Good Heaven ! What sort of a creature was this man he was ser ving? What was his secret? There was ^^~ ? — — ~ ? ^^^^™^— something strange about the hand that rested an his shoulder. It seemed dead. No warmth came through the cloth. Griggs swayed uneasily from the touch, and the man moved away. ' Tell mo again he accused Raritan of mur der,' came tho voice from beneath the cowl. 'Yes, of murdering a man named Allan Love. Raritan denied it. I think its all gammon myself. Raritan doesn't look like that sort.' This was received in silence. ' That's all,' said Griggs. ' I know that Raritan made some sort of an appointment with Mrs. Hefcherford at her carnage. Do you intend to prevent his marriage with her?' A laugh of delight and cruelty came to the detootivo through the firelight. ' Not for worlds. Let him marry her ; the sooner the better. Oh, yes, the sooner the better,' he said, gloatingly. * * * * * (To he continued.) 