HARRY ilLOOipLD ; OK, The Adventures of an Earl? Ar^stralian Squatter- BY ATSTGUS MLEAN. CHA.PTEB XAV. THK GOVERNOR'S BALL. The mach-talked of ball at length arrived, at which Her Majesty's new representative in Yietoria entertained tlie elite of the colony. Much speculation had been indulged in of late ii Melbourne as to the impression which the newly-arrived Governor would make on the public. His popularity :n the colony, it was known, would entirely dopend on sagacity and good government, qualities which his predecessor had failed to manifest. Elaborate preparations were madfe in the shape of purchasing dresses, especially by the fairer portions of the community, for the grand occasion. I arrived moderately early at Government Honse. The hall room was fitted ont for the occasion in magnificent style, and all the arrangements were carried ont with taste and -completeness. The ladies were dressed 5n a gorgeous and expensive style ; but J. vas not a little proud to observe that "An lo»e$y Miss Qrscm excelled them all \ i« bbmiIj and brilliancy. The notice jhe «ttnûcted before she had long arrived was manifested among the group of ^gentieAan around mo. " Who is she " said one. "ïïy eyes, what a Btunner!" ex- -icSaimed another. What a glorious creature. Does anyone know her name ?" asked » third. ••Ask Bloomfield there," remarked •one of my acquaintances ; and an eager jcroffd at -once gathered around me, pressing me for the wished for infonna- •tion. I answered with asstmied indifference— ** All Ï know about tire îady ïb that her name is Miss Graem, and that she is a Sydney native." "By jingo," said one, M I often heard •of the beantifol Sydney natives, bnt never -until this moment had such proof." *' Bloomfield is a lacky dog to be acquainted ^rith such a beauty," whispered another, Hamilton came near at this moment, when I stepped to one side vith hraa. His first observation was— " ©osen't Winnie look well to- night, Blooméeid ?" "She looks charming, Hamilton. All the gentlemen present are struck with lier beauty, so yoa most look sharp after yonr^prize." ; " I think that yoa ought to s89Ï8t me in : the defence of the fair citadel, Bloo\n- ^ield, and monopolise her conpany when 1 am not near, for I would tire her by (pressiag my . company too much ; and besides, you are getting an immense foroirifce with her." " Poor Hamilton,*' I thought, " you mre not so deep in love matters as you «re m legal ; otherwise you would not «rely so much on yoar-friend's assistance." ï felt for a moment a strong conviction "that I was not dealing honestly vrith my friend. But, ala»1 the conscientious «crnple soon vanished when I found myself engaged with Winnie in the «nazes of the exciting dance. Oh ! the •déliraim of those delkàoos moments as me whirled round the biilliantly-lighted ball. The conacionsness that I was t n p T h r i ioreâcs retara by «ckao wledged belle of the ball, whoso dueling loveliness attracted so mnch attention, was suffissent to break down the banier of reserve vhich ï had constrncted for the sake of mv-friend Hamilton. I shall leave my •case/in the hands of a jury of bachelors, -who may have found themselves whirling m the dance nnder circumstances simitar to my own. I could not help Acknowledging my love. Several timps <the image of Edith Mowbray appeared *to my mind's eye ; bat remembering bow crndly she had deserted mc, pride •etch time came to my relief. " Ah P' ï thought, " would she wore her» now to see the charming creature that leans on my arm, and return the affections which-«ha feas spurned- Twice I imagined, while meditating *hns, .that I caught a glimpse of the Jeep-blue eyes whieh bad kindled my -hoyish love, and the same praceful •figure in the person of a lady who whirled -with her partner near as ; bat J iras .too fall of my own thoaghts to take •inch'notice of the resemblance. .1 remember pausing for a few seconds to rest, and also to give my partner a batter -opportunity of replying to my ardent proposals. My arm supporting iter waist, and her left hand rested upon •my -shoulder, while the other was detained iby .me. Thus we stood back ont of the coarse of the dancers. I bent ray face close to her earsayirçr— "I shall be very proud, Winnie, of •engaging the greatest beauty here this evening if *be will only say th« little word that my heart is yearning to hear." She Washed and bent down her eyes, *s if shunning the gaze of someone behind, in which direction here eyes were lamed, without replying to my question. What do you say then, lovely one ? Am I then mistaken in your affection ? for fity sake, relieve me out of my atiaeij." A gentle pressofe of both her hands înterrnpfceà 'the -protestation, and ehe whispered— The lady behind -will overhear yon. She is casting suspicions looks towards «6." I changed my position a little, in order rto face the lady and gentleman •who I knew were standing like ourselves ont of the dance to rest, when my eyes «ncountered the same «cbs which had flashed npon fee severat times in the walte. Wsg I dreaming or was it the t jgfaoBt of Edith Mowbray which stood before me ?. 1 was transfixed—unable to i move 6i irtiealfite a -word. A stifled n *crea«) proceeded from the^ lady, who, but for her partners assistance, would bave (alien. Ber cheeks became very C pile, and she appeared as if «bout to faint. Her partner assisted lief ont of ihe saloon, while ï stood where I had first seen feer in a most perfect stetc of bewildermeat.. Winnie gazed at etc, in ntter astoBuhment, and her words, il Come into die •air," bronght me to my senses. "Willingly," I repJUd, conducting her mechanically through the throng of loungers. " Do yoa know who that lady is ?" she enquired, sagerly. I think I d> ; but I aqj not certain," fepUei, evasively. t c t z b « e cf n p M n b a "I Noticed tier Mveral titnaB watching us daring tbe waltz. But vrhat a lovely woman she is, far Ivatodsotner than poor me, although you flatter me so," said she, slightly pouting. " She is not hanfoomec, vYinnie ; of that I em positive ; bnt here comes yonr cousin, and he will find ont who Bhe is." When the qaestion was put to Hamilton, he exclaimed— " Bless yon, that Was Mis? Mowbray, a connection of theGrjvernorby marriage. Why everyone is crozy about her beauty. I heard a lot of fe'llows arguing whether she or a certain c ther lady I know is the handsomer, and opinion seemed to be divided. But ï believe she ià engaged to the Private Secretary, Mr Stanley, who is a nephew of the Governor. Why, what is thô master with you, Blunmfield ? Yon look as if you had seen a ghost." (To be Continued). 