The Exile's Daughter; OR, A GIRL OF THE PEOPLE. —o— BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of "Cruel London," "Clytie," "Three Recruits," "Under the Great Seal," "By Order of the Czar," etc., etc. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chvfter I. and Part of II.— The story opens amongst the " God's Factory" people at Castleton, a little democratic community. Jessop Blythe, one of the masters, recently married,- and with one infant child and an adopted son, a lad named Tregaryon, is banished from the community for. his. dissipated, habits. CHAPTER II.— (continued;) As Jessop spoke he seemed to be mastering himself. His legs stiffened ; his lips were now and then pressed firmly together.; he stretched out his arms and flung his head back ; he was a sober man. 44 Whatever we can do for yo' irrespective of the judgment we'n had to paBS, and y' mast remember, Jessop Blythe, that we ve all tried to reform yo ; and it seems Zodack Bradford had warned yo' " " That's ole right," said Jessop, cutting short the master's apologetic speech, which bad exoited a stir of satisfaction among the men who hated to see Jessop take the busi ness in so calm and friendly a spirit ; it un manned them ; they would have liked him to bully the master and resist the deoree ; they wanted something to lean their moral backs against ; but here was Jessop making them feel small, not to say Eorry, by his resigna tion. " I say again, that's ole reight, dear owd Billy, and may this be the last as it's the first performance o' th' kind, I fancy ; but it was this as I wanted to say," and he turned and looked round ths factory, fixing his eyes en the bright blue entrance into which the sun was shining, end, then with a motion of hi alright arm in ; that direction, he said, " there's yonder lad Tregarron, as I've brought up this two year, sin he were eight and a wanderer on the face o' the earth ; keep him i' the ropery." : 44 We will, lad," said several voices; the first time, any man had spoken except the master. ' And mek a law for him — yo' can do it sin yo' can make one to turn me out, and I dur say yo're reight ; mek it a law as my place is kept oppen for him ; so as fie shall be mester instead o' me ; he'll he man enough for it by he's eighteen — will yo, lads?" Master and men turned to their spokesman, who nodded his approval, and the answer came straight from every month, 41 We will." 44 That's all I've gotten to say. Except good-bye, lads." Lyme at Jeseop's feet was an old grey overcoat, thin with wear, bleached by many a sunrise that bad seen him striding np C&vedale; to work when he was in good fettle, and which in the factorv he used as a cushion for his after-dinner siesta, when he would smoke and talk to the boys about foreign4 countries and men who made fortunes be yond the seas. Tregarron was wontfo be his chief listener on these occasions, and be, too, wo old have dreams as his master had ofgoljg forth and coming home again, rich and famous. 41 III tek t'owd coat wi me," be said; and picking it up he trailed it along as he stalked out towards the calm exit where the sky made a great blue window. The men watched him. Some of them thought he wonld tarn and wave his hand by way of a sort of final fare well. But he went etraight away and dropped out of their ken to encounter Sol Tidser, who was known by the gamine of Castleton as 41 Owd Wiseacre." His Christian name was Solomon. His godfathers and godmothers must have sus pected that the lad would grow up Into any thing but a Solomon for wisdom ; hence Ids name. Sol Tideer lived with his father and mother in one of the low byeways of the village. They kept. a. miscellaneous Utile shop. It was called the broker's, for the reason that Mrs Tidser attended sales by' auction £hd dealt in secondhand goods. . Sh6 was a neatlittle woman, who; in the early days of her marriage had left Tidser and gone off with an auctioneer's clerk to Sheffield, but bad returned-after a year arid was taken back by her husband, whowas a paralytic, and many yearn older than her- silt ; , - - Her oonduet e ec jwoe had been, so ex-» tmplary that she had beeoforgiven by the reverest matrons Of the village, seeing that old Tidser had become quite helpless, Bat ma great arm-chair all day long by the fire, and wax assiduously nursed and protected by the poor little woman who had found him hard to bear when she was young and good-look- fng# The cottage in which they lived was one ot four or five: rooms. The front one was the shop. It "was always tidy whatever kind < of miscellaneous rubbish Mrs Tidser managed to accumulate there. At the back of the ebop wasthe livingroom. . Here all day and all night slumbered and slept and trembled in ali bis limbs old Tidser. -What he had been when he was young nobody could re member. Castleton had always known him as Tidser who had had a stroke. Sol, their only son, was a cripple from his birrh. and had not grown an inch since he was ton. He had many of the tricks of the monkey, conpled with a desire to hoard geological and other cariosities, bits of spa and crystal, chunks of lead ore and any thing that sparkled. He had been taught to read by one of the ropers, and the nee he made of it was to cram what little intelligence he had with stories of pirates and robber kings, with secret murders aud the doings of spring-heel Jack and other 'worthies of the blood-and- thunder literature wbich now covers the length and breadth of the land — a penny plain, and twopence colored. Sol was sitting on a ledge of rock on the other side of the brook that danced out of the cavern into the fresh air with a merry shout, as if Fate had not just then been very busy with the destinies of innumerable men and women whose fortunes were mixed up with the banishment of Jessop Blythe now no longer a master of the ancient company of ropemakers, free tenants of the Duke, and men of unblemished honor as citizens of the Great High Peak. Notably among these persons was the female child that had just opened its eyes in the lapidary's cottage, whither its mother, had been taken in when Jessop Blythe, hav ing kept house a little ever eix months, con cluded that he would lice with , his wife no longer, and hiB mother, in curious contrast with her nickname, bad said to the deserted woman: . "Come hoame wi me, lass; he's my son, yo're my dowter, and I'll not see yo' want." "Good-bye, lad," JeBeop shonted across the brook to Sol Tidser, who was lolling as comfortably on a dizzy seat as if it had been an armchair in the tap-room of the Duke's Head. "Hello, drunken Jessop !" responded Sol ; "hello ! gie us a soug, how gce3 it !. As we ascend the hill of life may we never meet a friend coming down !" Sol had continually in his mind when he saw Jessop the - toasts, sentiments and songs of the Duke's Head, and invariably accosted Jessop t-ober, as he was accustomed to accost him drunk. . "Ah yo' silly fool!" said Jessop, half angrily, half in pity; "you born idiot." "After many roving years how sweet it is to come !" cried Sol in a chanting measnre, recalling Jessop's favorite ballad. "Aye," said Jessop, with a curious smile, and speaking to himself. " 'To the dwelling place of early youth.' I reckon it'll be some time before I see it again." "Good luck, Mester Jessop!" shouted Sol. "Come and get drunk! She wore a wreath of roses!" "Ah, yo' blathering fool!" said Jessop, impatiently, and then waving his hand once more he added, " Good-bye, owd wiseacre !" "and passed on towards Gasdeton, to be stopped at a bend in the road by Zodack Bradford, who was smoking bis midday pipe by the brook, and overlooking a tiny pool that re flected rippling shadows of nock and lichen, andnoddingierus that Zodack's mind rested upon "like sitting on a silken cushion to a tired man," he said to himself. Hearing a heavy foot crunching the road- way ahead, he looked up to meet the uu- nsn«!ly defiant gaze of Jessop Blythe. Why, where art thou off to, Jessop?" asked Zodack, taking his pipe from Ms month and patting the question with something like anxiety in the, tone of his voice. 44 (He as your hand,Zodack," said the -out cast of the ropery. "Good-bye; owd lad 44 Good-bye!" Baid Zodack ; 44 What's the rouble ?" Jessop dropped the lapidary's hand, flung his old grey coat over his Bhoulder, said 44 Oh; nowt ! I'm goto' to seek my fortune 1" and went his way. 44 If thou hadst used wafer to polish thy wit with, instead of alcohol," said Zodack, as he knocked the ashes out of his.pipe, "thou might'st have found thy fortune at home !" XHSAPTER III.— At the Gate op the V Y Winds. = j j Tb jhegins with 44 Windy Knoll " and ends 44 The Travellers Rest." Windy Edcll is the crown of the Wlnnatts Pass Overlooking as wild a region as you may find in England. At (he data of this history, only a few years ago 44 The Travellers' Rest" was anything bat the haven its title wonld suggest. Amidst the storm and stress of Windy Knoll God dwelt with His wonders of cloud and sky. At the foot of the Pass within the walls of his misnamed hostelry lived Soarthin Blythe, a libel on the orig'nal man whom God made in His own imase. The simple people of the Peak still call the craggy gorge between Buxton and Castleton ' the Gate of the Winds." The poet who said that 44 seas are the fields of combat of the four winds " had never faced the land storms of the New World nor ridden through the northern passes of the Old. ft wa» no wind of the Sea that blew through the rocky gates as Jessop' -Blythe fought his way to his brother's abode on the night Of his banishment from God 'a Factory and the cruel abandonment of his wife and child. It started forth as do the rivers of NORTHAM HOLMES WAY LYING A CORPSE BY THE SIDE OF HIM MAIMED AND DYING HORSE. the Peak from subterranean depths, from un- explored caves and bottomless waterways. It was a local wind, that was content to storm the hills of Castleton and tear np and down the mile of ragged cleft. From this gate of the winds you enter a vast a m ph ifcheatrCof a tone- walled meadows, scattered homesteads and heather-clad hills. The natives of the Peak in the olden days had noted as a fact what their successors of to-day regard as a curiosity that the winds - blowing from every quarter of the compass app&ar; to mark the pass of the Winnatts as their own. The rocky way through the windy gates is not without its tales of misery and death. It has its ghosts of the unhappy lovers, who, on their way to a rival of the blacksmith of Gretnd Green, who lived in the region of Windy Knoll, were murdered in the piss and buried in one of the many secret places of the winds. Tradition, though it does not record the names of the unhappy victims, brings the murderers to justice, which Ib far more than was done, as it seems, for a certain Northam Holmes, whose untimely mid at the gates of the winds, while it is a . preliminary incident of these columns, only casts an attenuated shadow overthe life of the arsassin or hiB brotherswho was an unwilling possessor of the guilty secret. \- It nevertheless supplies the key note of the character of the master of "The Travellers' Rest," and helps to justify the evil repute- tion of the Blythes, who, however, gave to these chronicles a heroine not unworthy of the boasted nnbiuty iff- the women of the Great High Peak. When the 'wind was at its. bright; two men were having a bitter altercation in a lonely room of the Travellers' Rest that had onoe been its bright and comfortable bar- parlor. They were Jessop Btythe and his elder brother Scarthin. Jessop had a little matter of business to transact with bis brother before leaving the neighborhood. They told him at the Duke's Head that Soarthin had ridden through the. village in the morning, and -had said he did not expeot to be back until late. Jessop had, there fore, lingered about the village until it was dusk. Then he concluded to walk to the Travellers' Rest and waic Soarthin's re turn. He could walk on through the night to Chapel-en- le-Frith, and get a train there for Liverpool, or walk to the northern seaport, for that matter, seeing that he had plenty of time on his hands. This is how it was that Jessop and his brother met at sn eventful moment in this history. They both looked far older than their age. Scarthin was bony and wrinkled, with smaU, shifting., eyes, anusaally olose to gether, 'and a mouth that was hard as his voice and tight as the grip of his kunckly fingers. His face was an index of his avaricious and treacherous nature, though- he- managed to put- a certain kindof forced smile into it that deceived not a few. He was not more than forty years of age, and yet dating his short life, by dint of every artifice known to the miser and financial trickster, he had accumu lated considerable moneys, and had liens on many properties. During his tenacey of the Travellers' Rest, which hie had come into as mortgagee, he had allowed that once popular hostelry to degenerate into what might have been called a hovel, but for its handsome forecourt ana artistic facade. Nothing was of the smallest moment to him that was not gold ot capable of being turned into money. . If it was possible for him to love anything it was Jessamy Rod, his mare, one of the most remarkable animals among the many fast-goers in the Peak. Nothing could beat Iter, nothing could touch her, up hill or down ; and she was the one living thing that Scarthin was ever known to talk to in any thing approaching to pleasant tones. His voice was almost human when he addressed her, his hand almost tender when he stroked her silky mane. Jessop Blythe, sober, was as firm, and steadfast in his manner as Soarthin was ner vous aud shifty. One looked you steadily in the face, the other looked every way but into your uvea, aud never stood still ; yet Scarthin had been: successful in many an ugly tussle with trained men who fight steadily. If you are brought np in the Peak country of Derbyshire you ha veto fight from your boyhood np ; tor if there are noble excep tions and fine men to qnote to the contrary there is a good dead of the savage still left Ixr the Derbyshire nature. t Quarrrisome men about Castleton, how ever, were wary of Scarthin Blythe. The- tipa of his boots were as sharp as the grip of his hard right hand was vice-like and virions. Good a fellow as Jessop was when com pared with his brother, his moral character, as we know, was nothing to boast of, but he waa his own enemy." He had iojured1 nobody of malice prepense. Dr st and1 shiftlessness were his besetting sins, minis tered to by a love of company, a hand a cards, and the discontent that comes of idle, ness. t A vm thought that marriage would reform him, a terrible mission too often assigned to a trusting wife. For a whole month it seemed as if Jessop had turned over a new leaf for 1 good. After this he fell baric into had ways, and his wffe bore the change "with an iu grace," his mother said, 44 instead of coasting th' lad, and not teyin's patience wi' hud words," and before haif a year was over they led a cat and dog's life. From loving the woman, as he thought, he came to hate her, and they parted as we have already understood. Oace during this last day . before he left Castleton, as he vowed, 44 for good and all," it came into his mind to go and say good-bye to her, and &Bk; her forgiveness, and kiss his little one. and embrace his mother, bnt he hardened his heart against his good impulses, though he knew that his mother, at least, in her querulous way was fond of him, and had always taken his part. "No," he said, 44 1 won't be a weak fool, I'll go my ways ; they've turned me adrift; and I'll go. Soarthin Blythe shall give me a slip of paper about that money on th cot tage, or let the whole thing loose, and m write mother' a letter from Liverpool. Zodack Bradford will stand by 'em, and young Tre garron no waster ; besides there's owd Wood- ruffe, he dtdna half like his job to-day ; he winn&t; see harm come to them." Thus for his good thoughts ; to them may be added a vague hope that Fate would be friend him beyond the seas. - America was his Eldorado. He had heard of such wondrous fortunes won by' English men oat there, that he did not see why he might not have a chance to share in the good luck of other emigrants who had worked out their passages by land and sea. Only on the previous Saturday night, at thv Wheat Sheaf, there was an Irishman who had been a lead miner twenty years back, and who was now on a visit to the Peak to show his wife and daughter thb country he had worked in' when he was poor beforejhe had the courage to emigrate to Cali fornia, where had mined his way into over ten thousand ponnds, every penny of which he had brought home with him. Jessop tried to think that his disgrace had come upon him as a lucky impulse to force him out of the country, to compsl him to get away over the hills that had Bhut him down in Castleton, as if he were a prisoner. " Youll keep it dark," said Soarthin, whose voice the wind seemed to mock with a 44hoo-hoco-hoo" as it reared down .the chimney, bringing with it a volume of smoke. 44 Maybe ! wfil maybe I winnat," was the response, and the wind still took part in the interview, shaking the outer shatters and whistling in the chimney stock, the fire leap ing np in the grate for a moment and ilinm- inating the angry faces of the brothers. 44 Is it only maybe, Jessop ?" said Scarthin, 41 only may- be?" 44 That's all," was the reply. 44 Is it so, by Gosh," commented the other, 44 what's to decide the may-b3 ?" 44 Ob, one thing or another," said Jessop in a free-and-easy way. 44 Yon don't propose to come to any con clusion about it, en ?" "Tve never had to come to conolusion about each a devilish piece of work before to- neet," said Jessop, ink eyes fixed upon his adversary, who drifted his position every now and then, as a man ought do who con templated taking another at a disadvantage in a sudden assault. 4 4 Oh, you haven't, haven't yon?" sasf Scarthin, 44 but by Gosh you've gotten to gie me your word one way or another before you leave Travellers Rest, or my name isai. Soarthin Blythe." Soarthin was growing angry. He snadei between his words, and his small eyel sparkled. The more he was agitated the oalmer grew Jessop, who was not — IncltiM , forliim — at the moment under (he influence of Dutch courage. Though he had Ungeced. - about Castleton for an hour or two prior to leaving, he had contented himself with M; one drink, and that was bv wav of aoctoC> paniment to his supper at the Wheat Sheal. whibh he intended snould be his stay until ha was well on his way through the night and ! into the next mottling. » k 44 Do yon hear the, Janop P exeteune Soarthin, his last remade having ellritai no reply from his brother, 44 1 say yoaufc often to come to a decision before you lea Vf 'ravellers Rest, or my name isoa Soarthin Blytiie." 44 Aye, I hear," Jessop answerel, #rihtr folk ea' yo by another name, and by seems tome yo deeerve itiV v 4i Yon think so, do yon," hissed Mtk- between his broken terih, 41 — — yo% 3Pis» good mind to throttle you. , . So&rihin; was losing, oontrol hi hhtlmf " He had sworn. It was altogether tg£i Ms principles to iwear EquaShr AtiilHf was it to tw potter ever to thrwton. m bo&tteahim;»Hi«he never said he vmiHlb a shingthatctemS not do. Bat Jessapi dri, watohfrd ner and hkoontemptuons ami iln lliiiiji (hiph ( C- his moral defences. . Jessop, planting his feet flrmly, ' ; / ygjtraiLiia counter on the Chest toat sent lim reeling against the furthast wail, where be gasped and fumed mid cuteed between his struggles to breath as if he had been accustomed to profone s wearing aflllus life. "Yo're a fool, X tellyo', to try that game on wi' me, Scarthin; if I was not a good-tempered sort ofochap I should- have knocked your cursed head off," said Jessop, taking out a tofaooo pouch and filling jus Seartoin watched him with a hate that was half tempered with admiration ; for was not this fighting man his brother, and had- be not spared him? In his place, Sfearthin re flected as he trembled by the wall, he would have killed him. Jeerap went to toe fire and throat the bowl pf his pipe between the bars and began to : smoke. As be stooped; it flashed through the treacherous -mind of Scarthin that he ought to have waited for a moment like that before he had attacked him, so quickly did the vicious impulse follow the glimpse of a more generous thought. " We mfoht as well talk this thing out like men," saidJessop- " like brothers,' ? srid Scarthin, humbly. " Gate and Abel were toothers," said Jesrap, pulling athie pipe. The time was as eventful as it was inop portune for Jeesop to visit hfo brother. That woitoy was in the midst cf a serious under taking. Tbe story may be briefly told. The New Bank at Gloarop had been opened only some two or three yeara. Soarthin bad an account theie. He had freehold property at Gloasop, ahd rents in Castleton. It did not seem good policy that he should let one i bank have an inkling W his means. Nor would toe two or three banks in which he bad made business deposits, bad they com bined to investigate bis wealth, have come to a proper reckoning. Scarthin Blythe had a secret place within ihe walk of the Travellers' Rest, where he enjoyed toe miserly satisfaction of counting over a considerable sum to gold. . He loved to run his fingers through the .glittering heap, and then to lock it away and cover up his hiding-place ; and yet . he was not all miser; for. he had occasional ".sprees,' as he called them, which cost him. .both money and headaches, but three were intervals from sobriety only known to him self and Jessamy Rod, who carried him blithely and swiftly to Sheffield and even as far as Liverpool when toe fit was on him and toe devil possessed him wholly. At Glossop toe chief clerk of the New Bank had attracted Scartoin's attention. They had met in an odd way at the local inn where the olerk went for his luncheon, and where Scarthin generally put up Jessamy. Evil knows eviL A thief soon spots his fellow. Scarthin and Nortoam Holmes beoame chums ; they became conspirators ; but Holmes was the worker. One night he robbed the bank of its market deposits, whioh, coupled with some other embezzle ments, amounted to a considerable sum. Scarthin was to give him aid and guidance in bis flieht. The first stage was to be toe Travellers" Rest Division of the spoil being completed there, Soarthin was to pilot Holmes through the pass, and cover his retreat in case of a hue and cry. It is a sayin in Castleton that te a strong son'-wetier it is as difficult «tb crawl up the pass as to avoid flying down it. It would not have been surprising on snoh a night, if even an expert rider should come to grief either in climbing or descending the Pass. While toe brothers Bly the were bickering in the faded bar-parlor of the Travellers Rest over toe. night's tragedy, Northam Holmes was lying a battered corpse by toe side of his maimed and dying horse, half- way through the glen. " Well, what is it to he, Jessop ? I didna mean to harm yon, lad ; bat yon're a stub born beggar, and you got my blood up." " Not first time; you'd do well to remem ber bits a f eights we'n had as lads ; yo're lucky I didna twist yo're neck." "Look here, Jessop, I beg yonr pardon, humbly, I'm in a hole, doiCt split on me 1" "It was a bad piece of ,work !" 11 He was against me, my enemy, a rogue, a thief, he'd stolen from me. I had a grudge agin him, and he was to' strongest." " I don't believe it, but that's no matter," said Jesrap. Scartoin's prematurely wrinkled face woiked, his mouth twitched, a murderous fit was <m him ; if he had only had a weapon handy he would have weighted his soul with another crime. " Yon were always hard on me," he said. " Not so hard as I ought to have been ; but shut up thfB argument, I'm to a bit of a hole mysen, and— — " "If I can help you," said Soarthin. toufliiag to his feet. " You can do something, and I come to axe you to do it." "I'll doit, Jesrap; SML do it," said toe ether, quickly; ."but you man swear to keep, dark abont what you say you've 41 111 swear, nowt," said toe votmger Blythe, " and H yo attempt to lay a hand cm me again Illtiiriiittie yo, or punch yo into the next world." "Yery well, Jessop," said the other, " don't .lose your temper, lad,; . I'm sorry Xwu pnt ont so far as to r&iee; a faand agen you ; but look hjgre, Jessop, you wteriatfor- get toot we're brothers ? " Hp to near ybn've never allowed me to foxgcA -itand after what Fve enen to-night rm lifaly to go on remembering it.V " Wen? 3®to fhe to bite, whai <|id yon £w t A decamping farifcerifc tisri with his peeteris money and mine trying to get away through to Wixmata, and by aahojet cat, by _ Goto, and on a horse Wftoatoot as alippety fa a edfo, and be breaks his neck ; any man fafa jfa a foci to totok he ootid : tide through on a aright iiketoiBi" ' foo BBCONUNDED. 