HOCUS P0CUS IN ART. HOW SOME PERSONS WHC THINK THEY KNOW ARE SW)ND-ED. Queer Tricks Practiced by Men Vho Malta a Living WftU Poncil and Biu»h—Cartoonist! With More Than One lame—One Who Made Hie Ghost Famous. Artists who sign their nanes to plotures that other men paint are quite plentiful in this town. In a little store on Fourth avenue, just arounl the corner from the American Acadeny of Design, there are some very pretty examples of water coloring for -tale. The signature in the corner of etch canvas is that of a woman. The dealer was in a communicative mood the other day, and as he was talking with a reporter he picked up one of the paintings and held it to the light for observation and discussion. "That woman brings some very good work in here for me to sell," said he. "There is one peculiarity about her, though. She always writes her signature in my shop." The dealer paused as though to be questioned. "Why does she do that?" was asked. "Well, 1 suppose she doesn't like to put it on at the studios where the pictares are painted." "She doesn't paint her own pictures, then?" "Not all of them. It's easier to pick rheni up bttro and thoro and bring tllflm to me to sell 1 don't know how much she pays the artists who paint them, and I don't care. It's none of my business. AU I know is that the work is very good and that 1 can get good prices for it. I suppose she is building up a reputation on the strength of these canvases. Well, why shouldn't she? She gives work to a lot of people who would probably starve otherwise. You 6ee, scores of persons can paint pictures and very few have the knack of getting them sold." Sometimes au artist 6igns more than one name to his own work. This happens every day on some of the illustrated weeklies published for Broadway circulation. The publisher doesn't like to see one man's name signed to every cartoon or fiill page picture. He does not want it known that his staff of artists is so small. Not long ago one of the cleverest of the illustrators used to sign his own name to the big two page picture in the middle of the periodical and a nom de plume to the first page drawing every week. In a little while he began to receive letters addressed to the assumed name, giving orders for work and full of compliments. He had built up a reputation for the mythical artist which he could not get for himself. His pride was hurt, but he swallowed the humiliation and proceeded to increase the fame and the revenue of his ghost A New York artist who draws for the pictorial weeklies tells a story of his experience in England at a time when all the publishers were demanding French illustrators and had no use for native talent. This particular artist knew that he conld cut corsages as low and 6kirts as high a6 any Frenchman that ever lived. He had spent several vacations and lots of hard earned money in seeing the particular side of Parisian life that the publishers were howling tor at that paiticular time. He assumed a very Frenchy name, wrote in that language altogether and submitted his sketches, which already out-Frenched the Frenchmen in their naughtiness. He made a big bit, his mail orders were numerous, and for many months ho enjoyed a lucrative income under his title of De Boulanger or whatever it was, while all the other English illustrators were drawing for the religious weeklies, which cannot afford to pay halt as big prices to their artists as their more wicked and perhaps more interesting contemporaries. In the window of a picture store in Harlem there were exposed for sale not long ago two small canvases with the magic name of Corot in the corner. The price of each was §250. Now, a genuine Corot is worth anywhere from $1, 000 up. Was it a mistake or an attempt at swindling? The pictures were In Corot's style, and only an expeA could tell whether they were genuine or not. The dealer would give no written guarantee. He said he believed the two canvases were genuine, and he explained the low price by saying that he bought the pictures from a man in hard luck who was ignorant of their value. The purchaser took all the risk. If the pictures were not genuine Corote, their real value was anywhere from $5 to (50. That is one of the queer things in the art business. There are pawnbrokers in this town who have been known to go into a pic- ture swindling scheme, as more than one credulous buyer has learned to his cost. It is not an infrequent occurrence for an amateur in art to be approached with a frqr.c st to buy a pawn ticket calling lor a lot of pictures pledged for, 6ay, $100. The •pictures, the stranger sa3*s, are worth at least $250. He will sell the ticket for $25. If the amateur buys it, he pays not ouly the $35 for the ticket, but the $100 and in terest to the pawnbroker. It is a perfectly safe and easy meth od of swindling. Neither the pawnbroker nor the ticket seller is likely to be caught. The pictures may only be worth $10. It cannot be proved that the pawnbroker knew this or that the other man knew it. for that matter. The victim has scarcely any,mode of redress. Swindles like this would not be possible but for the fact that very many men believe they know all there is to bp. known about art, when, as a matter of fact, they know nothing at all. Or. iu other words, "the crop of suckers never fails," to quote the old maxim of the green goods dealer.—New York World. I ling Pardou. Solemn StiaDger—All flesh is grass Deaf Man—Hey? Solemn Stranger—No, grass.—Net* 7ork Press. ftfitliei — NoVj Allies, wliai.'s llii- Rliortrs! 'lav. —Twenty firs' o' D<-cpnil-er. Mil her-—An' wli'ii's tin lansesi ''ay. Wee Johnny —I ki*n— Sawlialh. A small vinitqr to Mach ine TWJUIV, famous exhihiiion, glancing awestruck round the .wriecj ranks of kingly and queenly effigies,! turned to her mother and whispered, j Mamma, do they kill them before tbe^ ntuff I lieni. A Burning Qiestinn—Crpinalion Companions :n Arms.—Twins, "When-a man is his own worst enemy lie is usually w ling to foigive and for get. 