DIFFICULTIES OF BELIEF. THE TRINITY. The Rev. J. Campbell, M.A., F.G.S., con tinuing his course of sermon3 on "Some Difficulties of Belief," preached to a crowd ed congregation in St. Nlcolas's Church, Coogee, last evening, on "The Trinity- God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." For his text the preacher chose the very appropriate passage, "How can these things be?" John ill., 9. Early in his remarks he admitted "that of all theological ques tions the doctrine of the Trinity is con fessedly the most deep aud difficult — ono of tho 'deep things of God.' " It required for Its right understanding nothing less, so St. Paul told them, than tho assistance of tho I-Ioly Spirit of God. In pie light of science and theology the mists by which tho subject was once enshrouded were fast clearing away. Tho Church of England availed herself of every opportunity of in culcating tho doctrine of the Trinity. They were to worship ono God, in whom there were three persons — Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Was that true? He firmly believed it was. And his belief was the stronger because reason, faith, and science had led htm to tho position he took up. His theo logy was gathered from three great books, which were within the reach of all — "the Book of Nature, the Book of Revelation, and the Book of Providence." Ho found that the three agreed in one. Passing on, he proved conclusively that the doctrino of the Trinity was no dry scholastic dogma, but showed it to be, when properly con sidered, "a living truth that touches the heart of hearts within us." Passages of Scripture were quoted to chow that the doctrine was distinctly taught both in the Old and New Testament, and the opinion expressed that the existence of God the Father was clearly proved from the study of Nature. Tho existence of the Holy Spirit was equally clearly proved by Moses giving the correct record of the Creation, which he could not have done without the inspiration of the Holy Spirit; and the existence of God the Son in the flesh was an historical fact, which could not ho con troverted. They were told to believe that "there were three persons In one God." Their idea of a person was probably that of an individual being like themselves. It was in the language used to convey tho truth that their trouble lay. Then, in homely phrases and with apt illustrations, the preacher showed really how the Trinity was to he regarded. With a reverence he- fitting the subject, Mr. Campbell applied one of the simple illustrations he had given to the great truth before them. He put it in this wise: "God reveals Himself to us in creation as Father (persona No. 1); He re veals Himself to us in Christ His only be gotten Son (persona No. 2); and He reveals Himself to us in the Holy Spirit (persona No. 3). Yet the divine substance — exist ence, not matter — was tho same." Asking tho question, "How can these things be?" he reminded his hearers that Father, Son, and Holy Ghost had existed from the be ginning, and that each had his own work. The Father formed the earth by tho gradual operation of law. When the fulness of time was come, according to the plan laid down by the Father, the Holy Spirit ope rated through the Virgin 'Mary to bring about the design of God, revealing the love of God in the person of Jesus Christ, and after Christ had ascended into Heaven that love was still further revealed in the person of the Comforter, the Holy Ghost, who acted individually upon the hearts of men and women, thus promoting the union with tho Creator. Grave difficulties, no doubt, beset many regarding the manifestation of the Son in the flesh, and the operation cf the Holy Spirit. Protoplasm, the physi cal basis of life, was formed of inorganic matter under the power of God — he be lieved through some subtle force akin to electricity. The same spirit that brooded upon the forming earth and gave the touch of life to plants, invertebrates and verte brates, when the time came for "the more abundant life," also gave the touch of life in the person of the Virgin Mary— merely the operation of a law again, guided by tho Holy Spirit, perfectly natural in the light of a perfect understanding of the law, seemingly supernatural in dim light or the darkness and ignorance of Agnosticism. Given that God was life, and it was proved by science tho conception of Christ was no more marvellous than the first dawn of life. As to the operations of the Holy Spirit, they were'! in evidence every day. 