THE THUNDERSTORM. (" From New York Sun.") It was in the late spring in Florence, when brown, bare-legged men fished in the shallows of the Arno, and birds were singing among the gun-flecked myrtles in tha Caaoine, that I met Challoner. He was a pleasant Englishman with a touch of erav in his hair, and a note of reserve I in his voice and manner that disappeared on our becoming better acquainted. We were seated together at the table d' hote, and when Florence was at its loveliest, and people began to leave because of the heat, Challoner took the room next to mine, and the door of communication wa3 nearly always open after that. He knew Florence and its history well, aud we not only trod its narrow streets together, but went out into the country, lunching at little inns and rambling along the Arno, or on the hills, where we could watch the city gleaming in the sun below. They were pleasant days and passed all too quickly, and when Challoner finally an nounced his determination of leaving Florence, I was sincerely sorry to lose his companionship. I decided to go north aiso and in the afternoon of our last day in Florence, aa wo were walking down the Tornabuoni to our bankers, I said: ' Why couldn't we travel together ?' ' Oh, well—I would be very pleased, but I'm —ah—I'm going to meet friends, you know, and I'm rather bound, don't you see.' He was evidently embarrassed and felt ho was not polite. ' Oh, of course, in that case it can't be done,' I said. ' I woild really prefer to go with you,' said Challoner warmly, ' but I can't manage. I hope you don't think I'm rude ?' ' Not at all,' I said. ' Why should I ?' I had, beside my letter of credit, a draft for three thousand francs, which had just, been sent to me in payment ot a dividend, and as I was going to travel rapidly for a while, and had a constant fear of losing the draft, I decided to cash it, though I objected to taking so much money with me as a usual thing. 'How will you have this?' the cashier naked me, when my draft had been duly »ccepted. • In Bank of England notes.' I answered. ' You're wise,' said . Challoner. ' Thoy'rc light, and good all over the world. I've travelled a bit, and learned that among other things,' Challoner left rae at the door of the bank and went back to pack his things, and I went up to San Miniato to see the view again. Giotto's white tower and the red-brown dome of the Cathedral rose above the city roofs more effectively than usual that afternoon, and the Arno had turned to a deep, changeful blue that seemed to harmonize equally well with the yellow tone of the sunny town, the gray of the bridges, and the bright green of the valley through which it flowed. The result was that the eyes were feasted at the expense of the stomach, and I was very late nt table d'hote. But so was Challoner, who had just finished packing, so we ate our dinner together, and , lengthened it with conversation, much to the , disgust of "the perspiring polyglot waiter. Challoner insisted on my drinking champagne with him, and also on my going with him to ( the ballet at the ' Politeama to see the newest feature. It was a curious effect in black and i white. At first a darkened stage, in whose , darkness one gradually became aware o: motioa, | then white forms of women were seen gliding here and there through the gloom, and so with , weird returns from light to darkness, to a , sudden blaze of silvery light that revealed the white arms and flowing black hair and the ; flash of snowy limbs-under the floating gauze as the dancers whirled round in a sweeping • bacchanalian dance. I remember that Challoner said he thought it would be better if they 'turned some black light ; on the white effect,' and then we left the theatre and went to the hotel. . . ■ ;, ; We were in our rooms, and I had just thrown off my coat vrhen I felt the package in the pocket. The door between our rooms was open, , and I called to Challoner. ' What is it?' he said, coming-to the door. ' I've forgotten to leave my,money in the manager's •safe,' I said, as X dropped the pack age qn my bed. ; , - ' By Jove !' said Challoner, ' so have I. Let's go down and: try it on now;' We pulled on our coats and went down stairs. The porter was talking to a sleepy waiter, and Challoner asked him for the manager. ' He is two hours in bed,' said the man. • Can you open the safe ?' I said.' ' No, Signore. Only the manager can. Did yoa want to get something out ?' 'No,' said Challoner. We want to put something in.' ' I am very sorry,' said the porter, and he raised his gold-banded cap and wished us a ' happy night' aa we went up stairs. I put my money under my pillow arid so did Challoner, but he put his few English notes un der his mattress, Baying he felt anxious. ' I don't,' Baid I, and bidding him good-night I half shut the door between the looms and was soon asleep. The next thing I knew I was sitting up in bed about half awake listening to a most tremendous thunder storm. The windows were open, and though the wooden shutters were closed, I could see the quick flashes of the lightning outside and hear the rushing downpour of the rain be tween the deafening peals of thunder. I lay back on the pillow and tried to sleep, but was always brought back to wakefulness by a more vivid flash of lightning or rattling burst of thunder just as I was losing consciousness. Lying thus in the darkness I happened to open my eyes, andsaw, apparently suspended in the air, ait about the middle of my room, a white hand! It was perfectly motionless, and stood out in the inky darkness like a hand of white marble set against black velvet. I closed my eyes, wondering if I were dreaming of the white ballet, but when I opened them again the hand ■was still there. I had not the slightest belief in ghosts or supernatural happenings, and felt no fear of the still white hand till, as I looked, the forefinger moved slowly with a beckoning mo tion, and then stopped. Three times the white finger of that otherwise motionless hand re peated the motion, as if beckoning, but not to me, and at the third movement.I saw another hand coldly, vividly white, evolve itself out of the darkness and float over slowly to the first one, where it stopped. My sensation, which had at first been sur prise and wonder, had gradually and impercep tibly increased to a strange fascination that held me spellbound,, watching those cold, white hands to'see what they would do next. I had not long to wait. I remember vaguely wondering if the arms the}' should belong to would be also beckoned out of the darkness, and perhaps the head and body of some ghostly visitor to complete the wholf. But what happened was quite different and more terrible, The white, inscrutable hands were motionless for a moment, and then moved towards each other. The fingers spread apart and interlocked, always with the same slow and gradual motion, and "the thumbs at first touched lightly and then pressed tightly together till the muscles of the hands stood out like whipcord, and the space they encircled narrowed to a little irregu lar spot of blackness. When the pressure seemed so great that the muscles almost snapped, the hands relaxed slowly, and gradually separated and became motionless as before. Three times, as in the former case, the hands performed this motion, and at the second time I realized that it was the motion of strangling. During this time I was dimly conscious that the storm continued with unabated fury, though all my attention was fixed on those white, dreadful hands. Again they were motionless for a moment, and then they began to move through the air toward me. Siowly, evenly, steadily they came, and as the space between us gradually lessened, for the first time in my life I realized the human horror of the supernatural. I tried to speak, to move, bull could do neither. My tongue was parched and useless, my muscles as limp as silk cords, and my tingling nerves stretched to the break ing pitch. I could only watch the ghastly hands of living marble as they came ever nearer, nearer, till they were hanging over me, close to my face; till the fingers curved and spread apart ready to clutch. Then making one last supreme effort in the horror of the momeut I threw myself out of the bed and fell in a heap on the floor. Just then a blinking flash of lightning lit the room for a second with its glare, and I saw the black sil houette of a figure bending over the place where I had been. Iu the black darkness that followed while the walls reverberated with the crash and bellow of the thunder, I leaped, in the intensity of fear that demandsaction, on to the ted, with clenched fiatB striking into the dark. My blows fell harmless on the air. I found nothing. With a cry I leaped from the bed and stum bled to the door opening into Challoner's room and tried to open it, but it held fast. I slid my hands rapidly over knob and keyhole, and was confronted with a new problem. When I went to bed I had left the door partly open. Now it wis not only shut and locked, but the key was on my side ! It was the work of a few moments to open the door, stumble in the dark over|Challoner s open valise to his bed, grab him by the shoulder, p-nd shake him violently. 1 All right. Five o'clock V iie said, sleepily. ' Challoner, wake up !' I cried. 1 What's the matter?-Who's that ?' he asked, more roused. 'It's I. For Heavens sake get up and light a candle !' and in a moment the flicker of a candle showed mo Challoner leaning over on hi?" pillow with eyes half shut against the light. ■As the flame sprang up and he saw me clearly he jumped out of bed and asked. ' By Jove ! what's the matter? You look dreadful !' "cu I feel so,' I replied 'I've seen a ghost.' 'A ghosl?' repealed Challoner. 'My dear fellow—really—you ought not. People don't cae ghosts nowadays.' He eat on the edge ofhia bed and smiled sleepily. ' May be; but I have. Look!' and I drew my hand across my forehead and shook thebeadB of sweat from it. ' By Jove!' exclaimed Challoner. He was hilly awake now. I dropped into a chair and told him my story hurriedly, and when I deaeribcd the silhouette of the figure revealed to me by the flash of light ning Challouer jumped up. 'You think you'veaeen a ghost' he said ex citedly, ' but you've seen a robber.' ' No,' Baid I, ' a ghost, or else a mur derer.' ' My dear fellow,5 said Challoner, do be reason able! Is your money all right?' The question aroused me like an electric shock. '1 don't know,' I said, and hurried into my room, followed|by Challoner. Trembling I lifted the pillow—but the notes were gone! ' As I thought,' said Challoner. ' This is bad.' ' It's more than bad,' I said '1 can't afford to lose that money. And good heavens! Challoner, my watch ia gone, too, and my purse. There was nearly 50 francs in that!' ' Oh, I say, that is too bad. really,' said Chal loner. ' Come into the hall and see if we can find any trace,' and taking the candle from mo he stepped to the door leading into the hall, but as he turned the knob Btopped with an cx ! clamation of surprise. ' By Jove, tho door's locked, and the key's on the inside,' ho said. ' Well, I locked it myBelf las'o night before I went to bed,' 1 replied, ' but the remarkable thing is this : When I went to bed last night that door between our rooms was ajar, but when I tried to get into your room just now it was not only shut and locked, but the key was on the inside.' Challoner gave a low whiatle. ' I must say that was mysterious,' he said. 'Yes,'I said, burglars can't lock doors and leave the key on the other side.' 'Perhaps jou locked it in your sleopi' said Challoner. ' I never walked in my sleep—why shoula.I now 5'I asked. 'Besides, I wouldn't steal my own money and watch.' ; ' ■ ' Naturally,' said Challoner, ' but when you threw yourself out of bed you might havo dragged your watch and money out in the bed clothes,' and he pointed to the disordered hoap on the floor. 1 But,' I objected, 1 when wo came in the pil low wa3 in place. If I had dragged the lower sheet and the pillow out with me when I jumped that would be reasonable, but there they are, undisturbed,' and I pointed to the bed. Nevertheless, we searched the bedclothes, the bed, and even the room, but found nothing. Then, as the night air was cold after tho storm, I hastily put on a dressing gown and slippers andfollowedChalloner into his room, thoroughly discouraged, ■ • But as Challoner walked across the rocm ho struck something with his hare foot, picked it up, and handed it to me with a cry of surprise. It was my purse torn and empty ! ' Well,' said Challoner in amazement, ' how did that come here ? And just then I saw another clue. ' Look, Challoner, look,' I whispered, pointing to the door that opened off the hall. ' That door's not shut tight!' ' Good Heavens, you're right,' said Challoner, springing to the door, which was pulled to, but not shut tight !' We opened the door, but the halls were dark and silent. As we shut- the door I said, ' Better look after your own money, Challoner. The burglar's been here, too.' Challoner ran to his bed and pulled off the pil low. There was nothing there. He then searched eagerly under the mattress and found his little pile of bank notes. ' Where's your watch ?' I asked. We found it on the dressing table, partly hid-: den under a cravat. / ' Well,' said I, 'you're in luck.' ' -Pretty poor luck,' said Challoner. ' I'm not' rich, and this means economy forsomo time.' ''Yes, bnt'think of me,' I said. ' I've lost; .everything.' ' It's dreadful, my dear fellow.' replied Chal loner, ' and I feel responsible for it; I must have forgotten to lock my door.' But action was necessary now, so together we softly went down Btairs, over the mosaic paved hall, and waked the porter. He was alarmed and astonished, and with him we went to the manager's room and roused him also. He ques tioned the porter closely, but the man insisted that no one had gone out or come in since we did. We made a tour of inspection, however, and the manager not only Baw that all the doors were locked, but took the keys away with him. Then we went back to our rooms, our flicker ing <-audles lighting dimly the frescos of the halls. When we reaohed our rooms we sat and smoked, waiting for morning. ' I don't see how he managed it,' I said. ' I do,' said Challoner. ' He came into my room and took the gold from under my pillow. Then he went to your room, locking the door after him so I couldn't help you if you called. Then he robbed you.' 'But,' I persisted, ' how, after robbing me, could he have gone out through that door and left it locked on the inside ?' ' He didn't go out,' said Challoner. ' He stayed where he was, and followed you into my room when you unlocked the door. Then he slipped noiselessly into the hall through my open door, pulled it to, and left for—1 wish I knew where. The man who did it was an ex pert, trust to that.' The thought of the man's having been in tho room with me, perhaps close to me, aB I fum bled with the knob in the darkness, Eent tho cold chills running down my spine. Still the theory seemed the only possible one. . ' Besides,' pursued Challoner, ' there's abso lute proof that he did so. He must have robbed me: first, because after he robbed you he had no time to do so. The fact that the door was locked on the inside when you got to it proved he was still in the room. Lastly, we found your rifled purse in rr.y room, whero ho had evidently thrown it down to get rid of any evi dence of his guilt. Now, he couldn't have had your purse in his possession till he had robbed you of it, and he must have come back into my room after that, or he couldn't have left it there. No doubt he would have attacked you, or both of us, had it "been necessary, but.chance made escape so easy forhim that he didn't need to.' - Y7 ' 'Yes,' said I, ' you're undoubtedly, "right. You ought to have been a detective, Challoner.' * No,' said lis, smiling^' ' the cluea were too good for any one to mias, but at first we were too much excited to think.' We put our case into the hands of the police as early as possible the next day. They at onco arrested the porter of the hotel, and the waiter with whom he had been talking the night before, when we hadconio - down- stairs to deposit our valuables in the manager's safe. The waiter proved an alibi, and there being not a scrap of evidence against the"porter, they were discharged. Then, their official sense of duty being entirely satisfied, the Florentine police relapsed into their normal condition of masterly in activity. I will add that we said nothing to any one about the ghostly white hands. Chal : loner did net altogether believe in them, and I was ashamed to admit that I did. Besides, you can't arrest the ghost, especially when he is nothing but hands. We waited two days, and then Challoner re ceived a telegram from his friends in Lucerne, telling him to hurry up. He showed it to me and said : ' I'm going. The monoy's gone, and there's no use throwing more after it.' ' I think there is,' I said, ' and I'm going to wait at all events,' So Challoner went, to Lucerne offering to pay half the expenses if I found the money, and I went to th? police again and greased tho wheels of justice by offering 1,000 francs for the recov ery of the money with or without the thief, and 500 for tho thief alone. It acted like magic. Next day they arrested three men on suspicion, but they were proved innocent and discharged. Then the chief ad vised me to leave Florence in order to lull sus picion, and said events would be watched. So I j went disconsolately back through the hot streotB to my room and packed. I had left open the do;T that led intoChalloner's deserted room, for coolness sake, and as I was bupily packing, a little draft of air swung the door shut. I turned the knob to pull it open, but the door stuck fast. Again I jerked it: I braced myself and pulled ; I shook and rattled at the door, but it resisted all my efforts. As I dropped the knob, greatly surprised, a sudden thought struck me, and kneeling down I looked carefully into tho crack of the door at the lock. . The door was locked, and the key on the in side ! Instinctively I turned around, trembling, and looked for those ghastly hands floating in tho air. Nothing was there, of course, but in spite of heat and daylight I shivered. 1 unlocked the door and made a careful search of both rooms. Having satisfied myself that I was entirely alone, I set to work experi menting with the enchanted door. Briefly, .the result was this : I found that the door shut almost noiselessly, that there was a narrow strip of felt against which the door fell when shut, and that tho alot into which the lock worked was also lined , with thin felt. But further, I found that when the lock protruded about a sixteenth of an inch ' from the door, the jar of the door's shutting ■ made it lock itself, and with only the faintest click of sound. A little extra force would turn • the lock back levol with the door, but after i many trials I found that I always stopped turn ' I inc ihr. key at the point of first rcsiatauce, ' when tho tongue of the lock protruded slightly from the door. A noiseless turn of the key, and presto ! the enchanted lock became nor mal ! Truly, Challoner was right. TIub wag the work of an expert. Probably some one employed in the hotel. Voices carry far, too, in those lofty mosaic-paved halls and corridors, and some one lingering in the dark might have heard us tell the porter we wished to put something in the safe. Who Important as this clue was, though, it only served to puzzle me still more, so I went on with my packing, left my banker's address with the police, and started by the night train for Venice. When I left my room at the hotel, the cham bermaid had given me in hopes of a larger fee, no doubt, a little photograph of Challoner that she had found in his room when cleaning it after his departure. I was very glad to get it, as I , liked Challoner, and gave her an extra franc, much to the chagrin of the ' Boots." From Venice I went toComo and crossed into Switzerland, where I met friends. Time passed, and I grew more hopeless, till about the middle of August, when hope re turned. There is a dreary time just about dawn, when a nmn is prone to wake and meditate on his sins, past, present, and possible. It was during such a period of meditation, when thought was abnormally quickened, that a now clue, a neiv'phaso of the robbery occurred to me. Next morning, despite my friends' ex postulations as to the uBelessness of my search, I started for Florence. On arriving; I sought the Chief of Police and told him my theory. ' Diavolol' he cried. 'There are still witches. Wishing to remain unknown, I spent a week very quietly, not even going to the bank for chance letters. At the end of the week I grew restless and went to see the chief. He was hopeful. Indeed much had happened. But yesterday tho police of Venice had come upon the robbers track. The nest was warm, but1 the bird had flown. He evidently suspected nothing. It was further known that he had started for Switzerland, so the frontier police had, been notified and would watch for him. ' Do you think ho will bo caught V I said. ' Surely:!' cried.': the chief. 'The .devil him-' solfjcould not escape !' In his exuberance he; shook me By the hand and- iaughed pleasantly. Such is the hope of reward. So, walking home in an aimless way," I turned into the narrow little via Teatinu. that leads to the • via do Buoni, where stands the Birreria Cornelio, in whose garden I had often slaked my thirst with,beer, beneath the green roof of treliised vines. - . -Imagine my-astonishment when, on entering the garden, I saw Challoner seated at one of the further tables, beside a glass of foaming beer. As I walked quickly toward him I called his name, delightedly. At the sound he jumped fron> his chair, upsetting the little table and his beer in his surprise. ' Where did vou drop from. Challoner?' I askfed. as we shook hands. Q I'nl® rover, as you know,' he answered, but what can have brought you to Florence at this time. 3£ ou can't have business here ?' '\es, I have,* I replied. 'Important busi ness, too. I am money hunting !' ' My dear fellow,' said Challoner, with a de precating smile, ' you might as well hunt for gold undera rainbow. It is useless. Why send good money after bad ? I have given up hope long ago.' Nonsense,' I replied. 1 All money is good, and, besides, my hope was never stronger.' 1 ordered beer for both of us. When the waiter had brought the beer and left us I said ; ' 7*10 /-""ef ,and I are sure we are on the track of the thief, and will get him soon. How does that strike you, Challoner V Really ! said Challoner, eagerly. ' y®8'' ^ replied, ' it's beyond question. In fact, I have in my pocket a warrant of arrest, am firmed with a badge and credentials, and carry a convenient revolver in my pocket. So you see I am a police detective, pro tem.' ' But surely that can't be legal,' said Chal loner. ' iou're not an Italian citizen.' '1 gueas it's legal enough,' I said, 'Any how, t part aud try it; on- At>d, by Jove . Challoner, we'll get our money back !} ■ ■' My dear fellow/ said Challoner, warmly, ' I begin to hope once more, your enthusiasm is so catching. ITor my part, I can never repay you for all your trouble/ He held out his hand to me across the table, smiling genially. But r did not take his hand. Pushing back my chair, I said : Yes, you can repay me for my trouble, Challoner. \ou can repay me those 3,000 francs.' 'What do you mean?' said Challoner, in surprise, his arm 3till stretched across the table. I mean said I, ' that this warrant bears your name,' and I unfolded and shook it out before his eyes. For a moment the outstretched hand quiv ered and the face across the little table opposite me became strained and pale, like the face of another man. Then he drew himself up with all his old dignity. ' It is incredible,' he said slowly, ' incredible I could forgive much from you, but this fs serious. I cannot pass it over, I will appeal at once to the British Consul.' . ' Yes,' said I, ' he is anxious to see you, he says, and so are the people in Scotland Yard. But you can appeal later. Just now paying is more in your line.' Challoner sat looking at me, calm, dignified, silent. After a moment he said : ' I cannot re gret your actions to-day, as I thought you were a gentleman. Now, you are unmasked. But. in one way I do regret them, as they have spoiled for me the little surprise I had in store for you.' ' What do you mean?' I asked, sharplv. ' I mean,' said Challoner, ' that I have" found the thief and recovered the money—in part ?' For a full minute I sat and stared at Chal loner, astounded at such marvellous effrontery and such consummate acting. His mannerwas unembarrassed, his voice clear and steady, and his attitude easy and natural, yet I had enough evidence to convict him of having been a bogus medium and clairvoyant, an embezzler of church funds, and a remarkably clever blackmailer. But, as I looked at his composure under my attack, I almost admired him". ' Well said Challoner expectantly. ' Pay me my money,' I replied. ' On one condition,' he said. ' What condition ?' I asked. 'This,'said Challoner. 'Ridiculous as your charges are, fate seems to have placed me in your power for the moment, How do I know but that after I pay you you will have me ar rested •; Will you promise that after I par I shall go free *' ' Yes,'said I, 'I promise.' I thought he seemed relieved as he i'aid: ' Very well, send for some ink. I will give you a draft on my bankers at once.' 'You will not,'I replied. ' You will pay me here and now in cash,' ' But suppose I haven't got it,' lie said coolly ' I am not the Bank of Rome.' ' But you have got it, sol won't suppose any thing of the kind,' I replied. 'Listen! You have not spent it, for I know how you have lived. I know you have not deposited it in an}r ! bank in 1* lorence, for I have inquired, nor in Rome or Venice, for the police have inquired, ; and you have been nowhere else since' I last saw you. Shall I call the gendarme who is out side;' Challoner drew a thick roll of notes from his pocket and proceeded to count them slowly. _' You'may if you like,' he said, without stop ping his count. I resumed my seat and watched him. It was a strange scene. A waiter stood idlv swinging his napkin in the doorway; the voice of a.street singer sounded faintly acd brokenly above the city noises, r.nd the sunbeams that strayed through the roof of shifting leaves mottled "the little yellow painted iron table, with, its partly empty glasses, by which Challoner sat, never once betraying by look or gesture that his thoughts were occupied by anything more seri ous than counting notes. . . , . 1 When he had donehe'pushed of notes over to me silently." I'countcd thun rapidly, and found only 2,500 franca. • ' It is 500 francs short,''I said. ■ 1 • ' It io your fair proportion' of what I re covered.' replied Challoner, I mi a loser'ill the same proportion.'. I threw the notes on the table and looked him square in the face. ' Challoner,' said I, ' this farce has got to stop. Will you pay, or will you not ?' ' I have just money to get home with.' said Challoner. ' In view of that fact, do von insist V ' I do !' said I. He bowed slightly and said sneeriugly ; 'You car. speak plain English at least. Then search ing in his pockets he produced four notes of 100 and one of 50 francs, and laid them on the table with the others. ' That is still 50 short,' I said. Besides, I had about 50 more in my purse.' For answer he took out a handful of coppers and small silver from one of his pockets and pulled the others inside out, replacing them one by one. ' I think I will go now,' he said, coldly rising to his feet. 'Wait a moment.'I said. "When you left Florence you forgot this. Perhaps you would like to have it again,' and I withdrew from my pocket the littlo photograph found in his room. ' Yes,'' said Challoner quickly, tI would. It'i the only picture I ever had taken. Done by r friend, now dead—I value it highly.' ' So do I,' I replied. ' So highly, in fact, tha I would only be willing to part with it iu ex change for my watch.' Your what 5' he said, letting fill his out stretched hand. • My watch,' I repeated. Don't think I be lieved for a momcot that yau had csuight the thief. You took desperate chances that night, but theu the storm helped you, and you were quick-witted enough to take advantage of it. No wonder I didn't hear you in that uproar. Well, you robbed me, got iuto your own room, shut that noiseless door and the lock you had so cleverly altered worked faithfully, giving you ample time to hide your booty and slip into bed while I was s?roDinc blindly for the door I sup posed open. At fir3tthat trick baffled me com pletely, but the lock was too finely adjusted. It became automatic and I discovered the trick. Still I did not suspect you till recently. Then link by link, I came at the truth. Since then you have been traced. You barely escaped the police in Venice, and when I stepped, in here I thought you were on your way to Switzerland. Chance brought us together and I have recov ered my money. Now I want my watch.' Ao I finished, Challoner, who had been gazing absently over my head, suddenly said, as though recollecting. ' All, yes ; your watch ! I had quite forgotten. The beggar had pawned it, ot course, but I recovered it. Here it is and to my amaze ment he produced my watch from one of the pockets I had just seen turned inside out and laid it on the table. Apparently this man could do everything but be honest. I examined it inside and out, and it was un doubtedly my watch, uninjured and ticking merrily. I handed him the picture, and as he silently put it in his pocket, I said. 'You needn't bother to destroy that picture, Challoner.' . ' I don't intend to,' he said coldly. ' Well, it wouldn't be any use, because I've, had it copied for the police.' Challoner lifted a chair on which his haad rested, and I thought he would strike me, but after a moment he dropped it with a little gasp and stood leaning on it, moistening his lips like a sick man. When ho could truBt himself to speak lie said with a little smile : ' It's a pity you have the outward appearance of a gentleman. I regret • I cannot be always with you to undeceive people.' , . . I think I would have laughed at him but for tho tragic touch in it all. The deBp&rato; struggle to play his part of innocenceto ap pear respectable ; to hide his'shame if it killed'' him: . " ' Challonor,' I said, you aliall go free, "as I hav? promisedj bufc Florence is not a gooipl&cii; for you now. Leave here to-night. In half .an ■ houj- from now police pursuit will' stop: : -But that is not all.-: The copies of your picture .are, mine. Show me reasonable proof of your get ting on honestly, of trying to really be'the gen-' tleman you once were, and I will .suppress'the; photographs and do all 1 ban to:help'yo'u. What' dp.you say V He turned half from me, scraping the gravel with his stick. Twice he fingered his.waistcoat pocket nervously, and once he ha.lf. extended. his Jiand. Then he turned, bowed slightly,' and-walked away, pulling on hia'gloves. _ At the door he dropped a small coin" into the hand of tho obsequious waiter who bowed him out,; and stood a-moment buttoning hia glove, the picture of easy contentment. I waited a minute aftnr he had gone and tljen went direct • to the police station. I know that Challonor left Florence that night, because he was 'shadowed.' and the ' shadow' further reported that he had ten dered a 500-fraac bank note in payment for his ticket to Genoa. I understand now his nervouB fingering at hia pocket. Two-years later, in Seville, where American dentists and oil stoves were all the rage, I passed one night a flaming placard at a theatre door beaded : ' Mi. Ciunford Iliiglies, Marvellous American Magician !' I bought a ticket, en tered, and turned my gaze toward my com patriot on the stage. It was Challoner. I sat the show out, and it was very good, but at the end I missed Challoner. Next day, when I tried, he had gone no one knew where. Npw when there.is a storm at night I light the lights for company, and ponder about that dreadful night and those ghastly white hands.. I know Challoner did them. But how.' .. -, ■ 