CONPI.ETB IN TMIS ISSUE Jlfow FiestPubusueo.'] | 'RAVENROCK, A STRANGE ADVENTURE ON THE IRISH COAST, by W.W. FENN AutkW of "A Dead Lock with a Skeleton ; Key/* " The Testimony of Hngli ; Merriday," &c.; [Art. Qdeexslaxd Rioirrs *Resit.v-ed.j No map of Ireland gives the . name of^thc spot, it is too insignificant; but run your eye along the coastline, say from Cork to Galley Head and Gape Clear, and you will have an idea of the locality. ' . • - On ono of the' many precipitous headlands, known as.the Haven ltock, dork and frowning, amidst deep inlets and' much - resounding caves, stood, forty years ego, tho ruins of on crcwhile castle stronghold. Daring the great \- rebellion of 1G42-3 it had successfully -with* "Hi.'stood a frieze laid to it by a rebel chief. The sufferings,' however, of the Ro«alist gamson were dirvfal in Hie extreme. The legend ran -that when starvation stared them in the face a brave girl stole fort! 19 under cover of night, in the hope of securing provisionvhnt being cap tured was ruthlessly hanged next morning in sight of the castle, and of coutse her spirit had haunted the 6pot ever since. - *Thns the castle fell into that romantic and -picturesque state of ruin in -which I discovered it. This I did on a fine September afternoon, after,a four-miles1 walk from tho town of *'Bally-Narack, whero .business, had taken me, arid which'bang now finished gave me a day or two's leisure to enjoy the wild and romantic scenery." The Raven Rock, with its crown of battlemented towers, formed the western horn of the bay. into whicli I had merged. 'A descent through a wild glen besido the rushing Ntrcam making its channel to the sea, and with a straggling nest of shanties at its mouth, had conducted me to the shore. Amongst tho group of peasants gathered Toahd n fishing boat which hod jnst bccu beached there stood a man whoso dress and appearance proclaimed him no satire. He * was watching the unloading of the boat of its ,freight of fish, and looked so completely ont of place that I could rot fail to observe bhn. As X did so more closely it struck me I had seen /.himbefore; hut where? I could not tell, but \- certainly not in that part of the world. He looked like some Jewish dealer in brie a-brae „rom "Wiurdour street, and as I had only lately come from London it must hare been in that .. locality that I had seen him. I wandered away across rite sands towards ; tho ruin. Much fascinated by its beauty I sat mo down to make a sketch of it. When tliis was finished, as the tide was out, X scrambled round tbfe headland, and go opened up another. ' :hxe, picturesque stretch of coast. Sbll moving .orward, for tho second time I rested, and made another sketch of the opposite view of the • astle.' Ibis occupied a long while,' during which the suii had gone down behind me in a ' iva of glory, and even as I worked tho full moon rose but of the cast, towards which I was looking. Engrossed with the drawing I quite forgot'thc lapse of time, and it was only the rapid approach of night which at length aroused me to the fact that I 1tas far from . home: Returning by the way I had com my dismay, the incoming tide had cut mo off. In order to escape from the bight of coast where reek X must scale the castle cliff I found mreelt itself to regain the other side. Here it was not very precipitous, and about half-way* up there ojxmcd out a tiut, deep ledge on tho face of the cliff. At its further end was the entrance to what in the twilight looked like a cave, though thickly masked by creepers' and under wood and dint in 011 cither side by walls of : crumbling rock. «Tust before X reached it, however, my foot 1 steps were arrested and my blood turned to it* . by a piercing shriek or wail close behind me, but,' turning roiind,H no ono was- to lie seen. Yet it was like it woman's voice/ perfectly human, thongli inexpressibly weird. I stood Ktill, rmuired, and X think tnf limit stood still " also, as the next instant tbe shriek wajr re peated,now higher up the cliff, just beneath the ruins themselves, whieli stood but frowning, •lark, und irregular /gainst the moon-lit sky. . Hire there was time to think, as I stood gazing upwards with beads bursting out on my fore head, there came across the qnicfc air a third wailing cry, and I plainly saw the figure of n woman, as dark as the gloom of the ruins from which she emerged, approach the cliff edge immediately nl>ovo me. Her movements were rapid, and lifting her arms and waving them downwards towards me, ns if to forbid my further ascent, she called out in the same high i key as her wui!. ! **Go hack! go back! come not nigh this place, better to die ill the surging sea than tempt the death which awaits you here !" Jlowevorwiid-ami nncivilisAl this port of the country, however full of superstition und ghostly traditions the people might he, they liad not so far infested me as to arouse the idoa . that I was in the presence of the supernatural, _ Uncanny and startling as was' this apparition"," I did not for a moment believe that it was the spirit of the girl supposed to haunt the scene '•f this her cruel execution. No, it wps u wonuiu of flesh nud blood. As I questioned the meaning of lier words she passed ou, still waring her arms with that forbidding action, and arriving at the point of the promontory disappeared as if >he had flung herself into the i«na. , j Danger? "Wlmt danger could there bo? True, I speedily discovered that , a further 'aseciit of the cliff was impossible. Steep wall like rock hemmed me in on nil aides save that, sy which I hail come up, and below this the sea bad now begun to boil and sluice. Thus aQ retreat was cat off. I' should have to stay whew I was" till the tide should ebb. Still there was no danger in that. It was a lovely 'soft night, I was ray own master, and alter all a walk home in the early, looming would bo no serious hardship. I scouted the ideaof danger, and coiled myself up on*someof the drying fern in the hollow of that seeming cave. I lighted u pipe and crc long began to dose. . An hour may have elapsed. Then I grew restless, and turning,.was startled by seeing a dim light in the farther depths of this dark cavity. Curiosity and surprise induced me presently to grope my way a few feet into the cave, and. then the light was very apparent. It appeared to.come .through a crack of hoard ing, and another step or two forward brought my . groping hands m contact with a small rough door. Immediately peeping through the crack whence the light shone I beheld a curious spectacle—astonishing tinder any cir cumstances, but in tins wild, lonely place, simply battling explanation. The rough door formed the cntrauce to a low-arched chamber, probably ono of the dungeons of the castle just above it. But if such a~discovcry was surpris ing, the contents of the vault were still more so. * Illuminated by a quaint hanging lamp, everything was plainly revealed.. At one side a long tabic covered with strange-looking, jars and bottles of various colours and shapes, together with a mass of mysterious implements of iron and wood, making altogether something' like a combination of the contents of a chemist's' laboratory and a carpenter's workshop. To the left of this bench was a stove, bright and. glowing, and further round the room wcry other inexplicable arrangements,. lialf like furnace implements, half like builders' materials —a heap of wlute dusty stuff, and. a pile of - wood and charcoal. At the moment this extraordinary right met my eye (I had only one against the crack) the apartment was un tenanted, but in a irunnfco there entered from behind a hanging piece of thick, gaudy tapestry :tn elderly man with long gray hair "and beard, falling over the upper part of a kiud of eastern robe, edged with bright.cabalistic signs and figures. As be stepped into the room lie was followed by a tall, masculine woman, dressed iri a dark gown, with a leather belt round her waist. Her black hair hung in.wild confusion round her temples and down licr back. Her figure was angular, betokening great strength, and her unprepossessing face of deep olive hue. The two began to speak in low tones, but quite audible to my alert senses. "Look to that retort, Miame,5 * said the man " though stay, first tell me xvhat of Gorgio V* V X cannot say, father," the woman answered. "He is in the hands of Pate. He cannot escape the overwhelming sou. My warning drove him, doubtless, into the arms of the great green mother." " Bali! you were wrong not to have scared him ere he come so close." " I should, father, hut that I took him to be Yaseano in the distance—you expect him to* night £" "Aye, aye—hut ho would not" have shown hirjiself so near so early—the true Kotuans know how to use the darkness. Listen, was not that Yascan's whistle ? Sec to it." The woman disappeared. \- A little reflection first suggested that these people were gipsies, and that I hod come upon their illicit whisky still. Many such- abound to this day in various parts of Ireland, and fifty years ago were'far more common. Yet gipsies were not common in thcEmcraldlslc, especially as whisky distillers, and the apparatus scarcely looked like that used for such manufactures. It was sorely puzzling andextre ely exciting. Meanwhile the old man busied himself about his laboratory until the expiration of some five minutes the woniac reappeared from behind the curtain, accompanied "now by—to be sure—the very man I hod noticed that afternoon by the fishing boat, uud whose appearance so un pleasantly reminded mo of IVardour street. The first "words he exchanged with thcold gray beard did not reach mr, hut the two seemed to be acquainted, and he evinced no surprise at finding himself in so strange a place. They conversed softly, but ut lost I heard the old mau saving excitedly— "Yon, my ton, should not doubt the power of, alchemy. Yon have that blood In your veins which stirred the earliest searchers after the great truths of tho universe. You liave already reaped profit from the transmutation I have ctfocUxl in gold. The ruby. the sapphire, and tho emerald, which I evolved from my intimate knowledge of their component parts hare likewise told to your advantage. Why, therefore, doubt the agencies of this mighty stone? It is of the first water, be assured, "it ' trill stand any test applied by the most skilled j expert. I defy him to distinguish it from the j natural product of the mine. I have worked as the great Mother works—with the .same in gredients— iu the same proportions, even to the | thousandth part of a grain. Her laboratory I and mine are" identical. I have wrung tlie supreme secret from herj nud bv using her methods have produced the same nsmlts." lie was holding up to the light an object the sire of a pigeon's egg. It sparkled brilliantly on one aide, and as lie turned it, the other showed a rough and blackened surface like coal. The ucw coiner took it and examined it care fully. Then he said, with a sarcastic chuckle. . and in the unmistakable tones of a vulgar Cockney— . " Looks all right enough spfar, but y* know, | Father Jacomb, its ho gooityour coining your hanky-panky talk to wo. That's all bash, so drop "it. I know enongh of jcwolloiy to know j no chembtry or alchemy, or any artificial dodges can turxiont the genuine article. That j I kuow, so I say, drop it:. The point is, will ' this stone pass muster? It ain't a real diamond, and Jioihing can't make it one.'' j " My son! my soil 1" interposed the other, 1 ' deprecatingly. . ' "No, nothing can't make'it one, I say. But j if it passes, that don't matter. Tho ruby and ' the others ore easy by comparison; they've , done all right, I don't deny. But coming tho charcoal trick for diamonds is a very different capo*. Still there we are;' wo'dl try. and this day three mouths or thereabouts,* you *1uOI hear. But X rather funk it,* so I tell vyu." "Have no fear, have no fear," cried the old man. '* Besides, it is no trick; it is pure and holy science.' * The speakers moved to the other end of the apartment, and for a wbilo I lost thoir" farther talk. But I had heard and seen enough—the secret was out now—this was a spurious jewel factory. Yn those days the present successful imitations of precious stones hod not been reached, and efforts were still being made to produoc.rcnl gems by the aid of alchemy, the philosopher's stone was still a dream of fanatics, and this Father •Taeomb, doubtless was one. After a while ilr. Vascano'a accent was again audible. _ '"Yes," said he, "as some'security I will take charge of those two little bars of gold, and if they resist the test and pass for eightcen carat, they will cover our risks for u time, though, mind you, we shall still he out of pocket some, hundreds if this carbon trick fails." ' ' Then there was more muttering, and finally I could distinguish the words, " I inus£bc iu Cork by to-morrow night. I am off to tho States for a month or six weeks, and I shall pick up the next Cunarder; she is dne at Quecnstowu about Wednesday morning, but I shall he home again I lidpc by Christmas, or soon after. You sec, Jocomb, X' shouldn't exactly have paid you this visit so soon after my hist, 'ecpfc from being able to take you on. my way to Hew York, for I don't relish this kiud of tramping job a bit; it ain'tm my line, and £ hate this country a'most as bad as Idothe Yanks. But then thereitis: mygov'nor 1 makes me do' this dirty work, for he has con- ! tracted to supply a diamond as big as a pigeon's ! 'tgg, as the saying is. by next June. I've got to see what I can pick up from some' of your friends t'other side, though for my part this walloper of yours seems likely to serve my dad's purpose. However, I'm not master, anil now I must be off. Aye, by-the-bvc, I had a'inost forgot—hasn't vou«* iBame-^oticed a stranger on the sands this afternoon? A yonngman passed down the village while I was negotiating some herrings for my supper. Yon liad better keep a sharp look out. Acci dents will happen. The natives are as safe as ever—thev shun the river* like a pestilence, for the haunting bogle, as they call it, scares them. Hone of them have been nigh the place •for years, but a stranger and a Londoner as I take it this youngster was, he won't funk the bogle." The old mau and the woman here spoke in wnat I gnesscd to bo Bomany. " All!" said Vascano, "that's Dutch to me, and worse. No odds—mind what you'ro at— don't get blown opon, and now good night. I must walk across the hills, and strike the road to Bally-Narak before the snn is up. It's bad going after the London pavements. Now let me out missus." He turned and came straight towards my spy-hole. I shrank aside involuntarily, think ing perhaps he might he coming out that way/ but the old man Intercepted. "No, no, that is not an exit, but the land has given way there, and we had to repair the masonry with boards." "Humph!" said Vascano, "lucky rocdon't get many visitors in these parts, or they might wriggle their way into your mine, Jacomb," and there was a rapping and tapping against the boards as if he were testing their strength. It was a relief to hear' their voices retreating once more, but when ' I peeped through the crack again all was in darkness. v I would have given worlds to watch the departing visitor, but I was a prisoner on that ledge. I retreated to the mouth of the cave, and was about to step out into the moonlight when, glancing up at the ruin Isaw two figures emerge from its shadow, woman and man. She poiutcd inland,' and he went his war, disappearing over the hills towards the country. Dawn was mingling with the silver light, and the tide was ebbing fast, so I was able * at least to descend to the sand, but there was still too much water to admit ot retreat round uc headland. Then I bethought me of trying get out of the bay where I was imprisoned by clambering up from the shore at some distance from the castle cliff. This was not difficult, and soon I reached high ground away iulaud. A rough moorland before me, trackless and uncultivated, bnt I knew in which direction to steer for the wad ta^RiHy- Narnk, and by the time the misty sun was well above the horizou,. X had struck it. Whilst finishing my breakfast at the inn where I was staring, and chancing to look out into the street, who should I see mounting at outside car hut the very Yascano himself. Ffe had e vidently corac out of the sta Wc-ynnl, and was followed by the landlady bidding luru civil adieu*. Directly the car had driven away I went out and met her. 1 Do you know tliat person ?'r I inquired. 'Sburc now, rir, Dre seen him- before. He's a moighty unusual stranger to sec in this forlorn country." " Bnt do you know who ho is f" "Like enough h>*ll be u matt from England."- " __ ^ ♦•And you've seen him before, yon say ?*'" 44 Once agon, may be in six mouths, when he travelled just as he is doing now; took a kit just the same." "Didhe sleep hero last night r" 4i 'Deed, Td not like to say." "Bnt you surely know whether he slept in your house," X added, looking straight at her. 44 Just uke enough," said the buxom, slatternly, good-loolSpg dame, with that evasion of diQjft answer so characteristic of tho mce. Then she laughed, and made for the yard in response to a rail, so I thought I would keen xny own counsel for the present. * Illy intention was to walk by easy stages to Waterford, where a steamer would take me to Milford Hnvcn and home. I had proposed leaving that yep- day, but I now burned to pay another visit to those mysterious ruins and Inspect the place by daylight. Starting early, therefore, tho next day, I covered the font miles In good time, and approached the castle As I had left it, from tho high land. A great change of weather, however, which had get in the previous nigbt> gave it a very different aspect. . A etrcng- south-west gale had sprung up, *nd was increasing every minute. Heavy sea? were roaring around the cliff, whilst the wild, ragged clnudv streamed in mad haste across the heavens. .At length I fctood for the first time among the actual rains. The tempest howled and whistled through them with a sound at one moment like deafening thunder, and the next wzth'wailtng moans and cries as if tho. ghosts of a thousand shipwrecked mariners wcreshrieking for help, orsecHng refuge amidst tho crumhli'ig walls. The scene was sublime—awful. I strode ouMo the extreme verge of the promontory, and, turning, squatted down oh some project ing rock. It formeunh apology for a "shelter, whence it was quite possible to make a rough note of the scene on a sketching pad. It was a ticklish corner,.and nearly overhung the pre cipice, but with steady nerves like mine £ feared no danger.' Soon engrossed in sketching, I had no eye* or thoughts for anything else. Hcnee it was a minute perhaps before I was conscious that :u sudden pressure against the back of my left shoulder, was not duo to the violent wind. But as I half glanced round in that direction, life was almost startled out of mc at finding ait arm and hand striving to shore mc off my balance. In the instant I looked, a tremendous jerk from it all but sent mc headlong over tho cliff. But I caught at the wrist, and then 'beheld tho crouching form of a woman close behind me. ..Happily, however, I retained my grip, and was upright in a second, the woman clinging fiist to me, aud struggling violently still to pnsh mc over. She had seized the back of my collar with her other hand, and by mam strength I swung round with her, and we both fell in a heap oa the turf just beside the rocky projection. 44You infernal fiend," I exclaimed. "Let go! or I'U choke the life out of you,** aud as we again struggled to our feet, she strivhig to pull me towards the precipice^ I recognised the face, and masculine form of the woman, ilia me. She shrieked out some imprecation, and for another minute or so" we swayed about in a deadly embrace. She "had the strength of a tigress, and I know not how tho contest might 'have ended, bnt for getting my right hand -free, and striking her a' tremendous blow with my clenched 'fist straight between the eyes. She staggered, and .hateful as it seemed thus to assualt a wnmnn, I- followed up my blow with a second which settled the business, for it was 1:0 doubt a life or" death strugtrlc. * If I liad not knocked the senses out of her, Ucr murderous intention might have proved successful. As it wa?, there she laryprone and helpless. " It was a narrow escape," said the .peonlo at the .inn, hut considered by all as due to the supernatural. " The .bogle, and the bogle only, was responsible. Similar. catastrophes had - happened before, jonlr the victims who sought to pry into her secrets, less lucky 'than I, had' never returned to tell their talc. Now. and. -again the body of one of them had been seen at the foot of the cliffs—only one had ' been recovered when floating off the headland, for none of the natives dared approach its shore up neighbourhood within u mile. Later in the day, I found the constabulary even taking the same vie**, but after much persuasion," and a fall necital'of all thai'I bad scon and knew of the place, the Inspector agreed to take two of Ids >ueu. and accompany me to the rains the. first ihiug the following looming. That night the storm grew into- a hiirri«=tiH% hut morning* brought some abatement, other* wisp we could scarcely have faved the elements. The havoc wrought by them was nut""fully' revealed, however, until from theliigh ground* some mile inland at the rear of them, .we could gkt n full view of the castle ruirw—or rather, what remained of them.. - * The Inspector and his men, with a straggling contingent of a few of the more courageous of the iubabitzsts of Jiilly-Xaracfc, who Allowed the expedition, broke out into a' babel of tongues as they beheld the scene. 3rore than half the headland of the Raven Rock, with a great portion of the walls of the cmstle, had | disappeared, swallowed up br the devouring ocean, still roaring in mighty billows against the remaining' bluff. The Iedge\ the rare, and the ad/a cent ground had, as it won*, been bitten clean, out, together \nth the spot where I had left the senseless fonu of tlt.it horrible and murderous woman. . Xothing remained locally to prove the truth of my story. ;, So$ie disbelieved it, therefore, or pretended to do so, but* many lit* le circumstances convinced tne that the "people at -the iuu had 'monrrhaii a suspicion of the existence of that mysterious laboratory. Before I left Bnlly-Narack. news came that the body of an. old graybcard. clothed tu tho remnant* of a straugely adorned robe, had been picked up on the shore sonic miles from the Itarcn Bock. I have never visited those parts .since, bnt I indirectly heard that iiothxug had ever been seen" or known of the*woman. Her figure was st01 regarded as that of the bogle, on which elemental .disturbances would, .of course, fall harmless.' At thcMstme time, the tradition seems to havo died out—tho bogie has dis appeared. \ For many a year after that strange and romantic affvootnre, I kept a sharp look-out for the name of Voscano in the neighbourhood of Soho, but I havo never met with it since, nor the one bearer of it whom 1 saw in Ireland. It was only the other day that £ hunted up the notes and sketches made all those years ago, and embodied them in tho shore stoty. I was led to do this by chancing on the following, newspaper paragraph:— "A curious trial will ere long create a wide spread interest in India. It appears that a certain well known dealer in jewels rcadei/s in the Hill district many-years ago supplied an enormous diamond to form the eye of an idol to be set up in a Hindoo temple. Quite lately, by some mischance, the idol fell, and the cancus swn dislodging tbe precious stone, shattered it in two pieces. This proved it to bo spurious. The aforesaid dealer who supplied it conse quenUr wfih be* axraigued^forrthis nefarious outrage 'oil the-'sacred religion -of .the people; He is said to bo ad elderiy man, of gipsy, or at any rate Egyptian, extraction, and bailing originally from Soho, with which part of the : world he still has dealings. It is further asserted that many startling disclosures will-be nade revealing the existence formerly of ; revcral •wholesale manufactories of false jewels, so cunningly executed as to have defied detec tion even by experts. Two of- these artificial .'diamond -mines, as the manufactories maybe called, are said' to have been located in . America, while a third flourished in Ireland." This paragraph has set me speculating' as to whether ; that eminent dealer will prove to be the once young Yascano/ He would now, of course, bean elderly man. I shall keep my eye on the Indian newspapers for an account of the trial. • . ' . 