. /'THE/NEW EMPIRE COMPANY. ' The above': company appeared at - the Theatre Royal last' night beforo a lnrgo -audienco. The -entertainment was of the usual minstrcl-vanety rdescriptiori,' 'and 'tlio '.riudiehcb; judging by tjie /frequent bursts of a'pplause;thorbughly biijoyed' it.- - There was "but orie"mar" to their pleasure, and that was convoyed ; by the reading of a tele gram from Mr.Will. Whitburn, stating that he : bad missed the train from -Melbourne, and was .thus -unable to.,, attend.-- The- xonyentioiial circle "entertainment formed the first part of tho pro gramme.. Harry Townley.. was intcrloontor, Horace : Copeland n tambo, and . W. Aknrman bones." Harry Townley /sang " Southern Home,''' and Miss Pearl -Akarmiin wns encored/ for tho song " Lily Bells,"' which she accompanied with ri dance andfreel. . A ball-id by Miss Octavin was' followed by/ an; amusing comic song, " Like a Ladv," ! by. Miss Goulding./-- Mr. Will-Akarman sang :" Hollo Babby," , a plantation /song, .Air Tom Bergin was much , applauded for a finished rendering of- In .Old Madrid." / Miss Katie Towers/, sang- /", Love's Golden Dream— up to date," and .Mr John Matlock, who /is- ever- welcomed, sang: " Message from (her Boy." A ijuhilee song by M r- Horace . Copeland was much enjoyed. / Miss -Fernandez's: playing, of tlio mandoline wns -quite the -gem of the evening. Master , James Leo, n youth of . about 12 years, sang " Sweet Mario,"- and. showed, himself the possessor of a beiudiful clear alto. , voice. , A finale — the farco, '/The Professor".— was, most -amusing in Its absurdity, and> set the - audience laughing so much that tho intervul was a relief. : The second part of the programme showed each artiste in his or her own especial forte, and the palm must he awarded to Messra Lelliot, Busch, and Lolliot, for ri refined" musical treat, including a masterly exhibition of bell-ringing, which ; was . supurb. . ; Mr Jaok ., Evans',-, triok dancing also calls , for special mention. It is .rarely that one . sees such a clover, exhibition, And it is no' qxaggeratiori. to say that few peoplo could mbvo thpir hands with tlio rapidity that .this performer moves his feet-.. - Messra /Fred. Garnet and Horace Copeland supplied. tlio comic olement; nnd riftor Miss Elsio Goulding hnd sung tlie descriptive song, : " Convict's .Return," the farce, ." .Molhouriio's Suburban -.Ghost," brought the performance tu a close, amid up roarious merriment.. - - 