SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHIOH GIRL DID HE MARRY? Br Skiff Borlase, Author of " For True Love's Sake," "Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death," " An Ocean Secret," "Recalled to Life," "Riohes to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron?" "The Police Minister," &o.; CHAPTER XXXIII. "TO SLEEP—PERCHANCE TO DBEAM—AH, there's tee bub." Sir Harry had sometimes a way of speaking that seemed to forbid an answer or even a comment, and in buch a way did he utter the intended comforting speech with which we concluded the last chapter. Lady Howarth, therefore, did not dare to reuly, eveu to the extent of reminding him that they bad neither partaken of supper nor as much as tasted the choice Hungarian wine which he bad bo specially ordered up to grace and honour the occasion. Truth to tell she felt no desire either to eat or to drink, for she believed now no wine Lwas capable sf raising her terribly depressed spirits or of dispelling her suspicions and positive fears. She accompanied her husband upstairs, therefore, without a remonstrance, but later on insisted upon having a light burning all night in their room, notwithstanding hi* declaration that he was never able to aleep a wink exoept in absolute darkness, for ahe thought it a deal better that he should lie awake than that the herself should bs terrified perhaps into madness. He, however, after an hour or so of restless tossing and turning, did go to aleep; bnt it was far from. a peaceful or a tranquil slumber, for his chest heaved convulsively, his breathing was harsh, hard, and irregular, and every now and then he seemed to be wrestling with the phantom ot some hideout vision, whilst the night-light revealed - his countenanoe to be working convulsively, and to be beaded with great drops of agonised sweat. Presently he jerked himself upwards into a sitting posture, and began to mutter and mumble disjointed sentences, of which his listening wife oould make little or nothing, ao interspersed were they with aighs and gasps and groans, and so inartionlate wen many of the ntteranoes. Suddenly, however, he slid out of bed, and as he crossed the vast and gloomy apartment, going evidently towards his dressing-room, the rushlight fiiokered on hi* pallid face, and revealed the faot that his-eyce were wide open, and filled with an expression of atony horror. He seemed also to move forward reluctantly and as though impelled by some unseen yet occult force whioh he was utterly powerless to resist. In this manner he entered his dressing-room and through the open door, which the rushlight also f Ably penetrated, she beaeld him open the secret door of an antique bureau or oabinet that stood therein, and take out of it what she immediately reoognised as the strangely- shaped key that opened the door leading to the north wing. A deep groan' escaped him as his fingara closed tenaciously around it, and the next instant he had lighted a oandle, opened the outer door of the-dretsing-room, and pasted there* through into the corridor. Then it was that Lady Howarth'a curiosity proved stronger tban even her terror, or else she felt that a full knowledge of even the worst would be leas terrible to bear tban the vagus yet hideous surmises which were at present torturing her almost beyond endurance. ' So getting out of bed she hastily drew a dark coloured robe de cKambre over her datzingly white and riohly iaoed night-dress, and silently oommending herself to the protection of heaven she stole noiselessly and barefooted across the bedroom, and out through the dressmgroom into the corridor, resolved to follow her husband whithersoever he went, whilst she felt all the mora safety in ao doing owing to a oonviotion whioh suddenly possessed her that he was fast asleep. She had both heard and wad of somnambulists re- enacting in their sleep the crimes they had perpetrated when awake, their staring eyes discerning the ideal whilst blind to the real, and if it were' eo in tbe present case *he might even confront her husband without his seeing, far less remgnising her. She Would not, however risk this if it oould possibly be helped. As she debouched into the oorridor she saw him unclose tbe door at the other end, and pass through it, leaving it open behind him, "into the balustraded gallery that surrounded three sides of the hall. \- The light of his oandle guided her, and.she was thus able to follow him without coming in oontact with any obstacle, and ao oreating a noise that might possibly have alarmed and awakened him. The gallery reached, the vast hall seemed to yawn like eoune terrible and blaok abyss on one side of her, whilst on the -other tbe faded tapestry (whereon the hittoiy of Rochdale was worked* iu groups of human forms as large'as life from the great Dane Slaughter under Castle Hill to the Earl of Tyrone hiding from his pursuers in his hillside cave abote the Roach) waved and fluttered as though troops of ghosts or goblins were chasing each other np and'down behind it. - / But Lady Howarth was now too excited to feel fear, for Sir Harry had by this time pushed the strange key int3 th« coal-black door that admitted to the north wing, and the next instant she beheld him push it slowly open with a harsh scrooping sound, rsvealiiig within—darkness and nothing more. Then it teemed as though in the words of Poe'a Raven:— Deep into that dsrkaess peering, L'ing bs stood there, wondering—fearing— Dou-itina:—dreaming dream ho mortal Ever dared to dream before. But the stillness was unbroken,. And the darkneu gave no token, And the only word there -poken Was tbe whispered vord, " Lenpre." At length, however, with another deep groan, he proceeded on his way, Ruth following him as before, and in ber eagerness to learn the fell secret of the north wing, even approaching bim nearer. She could see, as she entered at the open door, that tbe walls were hung with rent and riven tapestry, all honeycombed by moths, and festooned with the webs of spiders, t Foul oreeping things writhed or rfriggled upon the floor, and the sharp noses and blaak bead-like eyes of mice and rats peered ont at her through holes in the wainscoting as she pasted along. Such loathsome objects would have compelled her to soream at any other time, but to her own astonishment, she viewed them with complete indifference now. The light whioh .the Baronet oarried presently revealed five closed daors, two on either side of the oorridor, and one at its termination, but it was opposite the second on the left band side that he came to a stop, and turning a key that was already in the lock he opened the door and entered thereat. His wife had now to press a hand against her heart to somewhat still its tumultuous throbbing, for she, was afraid that he might even hear it, it beat so loud, or that she might drop down dead from its sudden bursting, for her agitation had now reached its height, because she was about to enter tbe very room which contained the mystery of mysteries, and that while he—a murderer perhaps— actually tenanted it, engaged in heaven alone knew what. She peered into its interior around the door, and observed that a huge four-posted bedstead, with faded violet velvet hangings, and with great hearse-like sable plumes surmounting each of its corners, stood just within, and ahe peroeived that a couple of steps would enable her to slip within the chamber and enshroud herself inside one of these ourtains, for they were evidently of the most ample dimensions. No sooner did she conoeive the idea than she put it in practioe, and then peering timidly from within the frowsy, dusty, moth- corrupted hangings, she beheld her husband standing in his long white night- shirt, and with a face every bit as colourless, in front of a great gothio "bureau and tnokoase in one, whioh was formed of black oa&, and carved all over with dwarfs, satyrs, demons, toads, and serpents. His candlestick was deposited on one of the ledges, and with a foul-looking cloth he was rubbing away with all his might at one of the sharp projecting angles of the moat weird and uncanny-looking piece of furniture, aye, rubbing so energetically that great beads of perspiration streamed down his face the while. • His eyes were wide open, and gleaming like glass in the o&ndlelieht;, and his wreathing lips seemed to be mutterine agonised appeals, as though to some invisible devil who was compelling him to perform the labour much againtt his will. ' • Whilst she gazed at the horrible yet inexplicable sight, wbioh proved ao entrancing that she oould take note of nothing else (a fact whioh was destined very shortly to oause her the greatest remorse and uneasiness), there oatne a sharp and sudden sound as of the snapping of a harp - string in frosty weather, and so wholly unexpected was it that it compelled her to give utteranos to just as sudden a ciy. No sooner had it escaped her than a pauio seized upon her, oansed by the fear that her discovery was now certain ; and yielding thereto she rushed out of the room and baok through the pitch-dark passage, never pausing un^il she reached the gallery, which was faintly illuminated with a glowworm-like radienoe from the transparency of tifc Clegg assassin poniarding bis two little nephews in the alcove in the hall below, though she had notioed no such light whilst following her husband towards the north wing. She id not stop to take note of it now, and the time was past when snoh trivial things could alarm her, so she sped onwards to ber own ohamber, reaching whioh she tore oS her robe de chambre, hung it np just as it bad been before, and cr-eping into bed pretended to be sound asleep. Hardly had she composed herself into, at all events, a po.iure of repose, when die heard ber husband's returning footsteps, and m minute later he had re-entered the dressing* room, returned the key of the north wing tt the secret drawer of his bureau, oloeed it with m metallio snap like that of a puto}. loqlc,, come from thence into tnebedroomWith fcis - eyes still staringly wide open, but to his wife'-s intense relief, vacant of all expression, plaoed the oandlestickon the toilette table, blown out the candle, and finally re-entered the bed, where he presently oossmenoed to snore stentori oafily. "I am safe. He sus peats nothing 1*1 vLady Howarth now ventured to think to herself. "And for the rest," ran the ourrenl of her thoughts, "I watched bim so elosely that I feel sure I oould open that aeoret drawer and possess myself <of the key of tbe north wing; and the very first time that I have good reasons for supposing that he has left home for. a few honrs I will do so, and solve the secret that it contains at all hazards. I fed that I shall go mad if I do not find it ent J aad if it proves to be so very terrible I oan flee from him and from Olegg Hall at onoe, and neither be nor his vile old housekeeper will be able to compel me to ooms baok again." 