( f? 01 MOBY OB JOB L0V1 ? <( I V / \- . By GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., (AUTHOR OF "THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE," "THE MYSTERY OF A MIL- : LIONAIKE'S GRAVE," "TBE HAUNTED BOUsE AT DUN I'HEIM," " A THOUSAND MILES IN A CARAVAN," See., See. ' NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER VI.— -(Continued.) I All nonsense, of course, but it was in this very wing where the prisoners were new hidden. Mr. Brewor did not keep many servants, it is true, but servants aro prying sometimes, and are sure to busy themselves with things' that do not in the least concern them, especially if thore is a little mystery attached thereto. The prisoners' rooms looked over the old .moat to the north side, and be yond this there was a copse, or rather a wild, neglected garden with stunted pines and oaks growing therein. Across this copse ran a footpath, which formed a short-cut to the back part of the house. So, on the whole, having so much ct stake, it is no wonder that Solicitor Brewer spent a somewhat anxious time of it. ' During his interviews with his brother Tom said but little. " I am in your hands — in the hands of 'my father's son'' he remarked more than pnce;' "'de-'with us as you will." So that the solicitor seen came to think that this brother of his, this "bete noir," as he called him in his own mind, was mado of the same stuff as the judge at the court — putty, and that he could mould him into any de sirable form. Little Ella, however, with a very child-like frankness, and an utter dis regard of consequences, took no pains to conceal her dislike for her father's brother. Ovo.r and over again she told him to his face that she hated- him because he was ','a- bad, wicked, rich uncle," and wouldn'tlet her out to cull the wild flowers, she saw in abundance, growing in the copse. "I'll have to put up with all you call me," the solicitor would roply, smiling, though somewhat grimly, for indeed he was half amused. Ella was now well and comfortably dressed, and being a beautiful and highly . intelligent child, her little airs or anger were rather delightful to witness than othorwise. Solicitor Brewer admired her on this very account, he being himself an actor of no little merit. She would make her fortune on the stage, he could not help thinking, But the nine days' wonder now bogan to lose hold of the public mind. Even mystery and murder do not rivet attention long in these days, when horror succeeds horror so quickly in every shape and form. ; So the solicitor began to think the time' bad como for securing his bro ther's exit from the country. Ponder ing how best and most safely this could be done kept him awake many a Eiight until far into the wee short hours of morning. : Something occurred one evening to hasten; his decision. Graham, the in spector, dropped in to play a game of chess, after which the two men sat smoking out on the verandah enjoying the cool night breeze that swept up ward from the rose lawn and terrace. They had a little table placed between them, and thereon stood obottle of wine with a box of choice cigars. " I. say, Brewer," said tbe Inspector at last, the ,man had been an officer in the; army," and was wholly and entirely a gentleman, and quite Brewer's equal;. if not superior. . "I have the curious notion to look over your north wing." It was a good thing for Brewer that thore' was no light then except the light of the holy stars, else Graham certtiinly would havo noticed the start lie gave and the sudden pallor that overspread his handsome face. " Well," he answered, with a well- feignnd laugh, " that is a desire that can easily be gratified. Shall we go at once?" " Oh no, thank you ; thi3 cigar is far too good to throw away, besides so early a visit would preclude all ro mance. It should bo made at mid night, for your housekeeper assures me tlio wing is haunted." brewer laughed. He felt easier now. He was silent for a moment, then laughed again, louder this time. ".Come," cried Graham, "what is I it ? O, I know. You have half a mind to play a trick upon me? Is that it?" | " 'Pon my soul, Grnham, you've: : guessed aright, but the idea was aban- ; doned as soon ns formed, You are i much too good a fellow to play a practical joke upon.'1 He pushed the bottle towards the officer. " But, I say," he added, " couldn't we " " Couldn't we play off the trick on somebody else, eh ? That is precisely what I was thinking, Brewer. Now, there is my old Scotch sergeant for in stance.'' "Capital," cried Brewer, laughing and filling his glass. "And ! say, Graham, my boy, I really am thinking seriously of taking to myself a wife, and if I do I shall sell tiffs somewhat gloomy old Grange and reside in the town. And, joking apnrt, a respect able old ghost would considerably en hance tho value of the property" " Oh, you mercenary old barrister ! But about the ghost?" " Well, leave me to think it out. And if I don't manage it with proper stage effect call me not an actor." So this, to Brewer's intense relief, was agreed to. " Just two evenings after this conver sation .with the inspector Brewer came quietly gliding into his brother's room as was his wont. "John Harris," he said; "your time has come — that is," he added, " if you would save your life, and the honor of your family." ' " Meaning yours," said Tom, with the slightest tinge of bitterness. " And your daughter's, John Harris. It might be unpleasant, as well as in convenient, for her in after life to be pointed out as one whose father was— — " ' " Stop, stop, brother ! for mercy's sake. You know I am innocent I" "The law might not take that view of the matter. Are you prepared to leave this house to-night! Every preparation has been made for your passage, though the voyage will be a long one." "Passage? Voyage? Wh — wh— where are we going to ?" "There is . no 'we' about the matter. Your daughter remains here, but she will be sent to a suitable school." " Oh, brother !" cried Tom Brewer, half rising from his seat as if in piteous appeal for mercy. Ho could say no more. All soul and courage seemed clean gone from within him. He was a bruised and broken man. . For just a monent he tried to struggle with his feelings. Then draw ing his child towards hini and enfold ing her in his arms, he burst into an uncontrollable fit of weeping. Ella could only cry in sympathy with her father, not in sorrow for her self. The idea of parting with him was one she could neither fathom nor grasp. It was altogether beyond her. No wonder, therefore, that her little brain was confused and bewildered, and that her grief could only find ex pression in tears. Solicitor Brewer was silent and dumb. Phases and phenomena in human life and feeling were being illustrated before him which were quite beyond the pale of his experience. He had seen sueh exemplified on the stage, but never dreamt they existed anywhere in reality. His difficulties seemed to havo taken a new and unexpected turn. That Ella would cry a little at parting with her father he had fully expected, and had made what he considered ample arrangements to meet the difficulty. He had gone tho length of purchas ing her several dolls and toys, which his want of knowledge of child naturo had deluded him into believing would speodily change her grief to joy. But now, as he stood thore, wonderingly and some what confused, he asked himself ovor and over again how best he could manage to effect a separation 'twixt these two hearts, that soemed to beat- but as one. I Still holding his child to his breast, I Tom waved his hand. I " Leave ns now, brother," ho half whispered ; "leave us now." - Two hours after this Ella was in bed, but not asloep. "Only just for a day, then, dada. Oh, only just for a day," she was say ing, piteously. I " J ust for a day, darling ; just for a ! day. And we'll bo so happy when I return from the Indies, and I'll bring such beautiful things." " Is the Injies far away, dada ?" ."No, child. And will Ella try to sleep 1" " Hold my hand, then, dada ; don't go — don't — " The mind is beginning to wander. The little spirit is on the borderland. Soon her regular breathing tells the grief-strioken father that all his child's sorrow is forgotten in sleep. Still holding tho wat id, wee hand in his, he sinks on his knees beside the bed. What is he doing ? He is doing something he has not dono for many a long and weary day. He is praying. He stoops now to kiss her brow and bair. Hardly can he see her, so blurred and misty is his sight. " Brother, I am ready." The brother was seated in his study, his hand across his face. He had not heard Tom enter. He had glided very silently over the soft carpet, and laid a hand lightly upon his shoulder. Jack Brewer started, as if he had seen a ghost, and there was a look of bewilderment, and even fright, in his eyes, as they fell on Tom's pale, sad face. " Brother, I am going. For what you have done for me I thank you. For what you will do for my baby here tho voice faltered pitiably— " I will pray God to bless you. Brother, God stands between us even now. He will see the wrong righted,, the dark ness made litrht. When the wrontr is. righted I will return. Brother, adieu!" They touched hands. Next minute Tom was boing quietly driven down the avenue by Roberts himself. He never looked back. Not even once. CHAPTER VII. Solicitor Bkkwkr Has a Visitor. It was late next morning .when Ella awoke. Grief seems to seal the brain, especially in children. She started up bewilderedly, feeling wildly on each side of her. " Dada, dada ; where is my dada ?" It was a sweet, youDg voice that replied to her question. It was a sweet, young face that, next moment, bent over the child's. "Don't you remember, Ella? Your dear dada has gone away for a day or two." " Gone — away. Dada go — gone away 1 " A fin'ger found its way into her mouth, her big blue eyes swam in tears. /-. Ella promised last night to bo very- good, and to wait patiently till dada returned. And everybody will be so kind to Ella." The finger dropped from the mouth. " Who's you ?" " I am Miss Julia Robins, your now governess. And I have come to take care of you, Ella, till dada returns." "Go away, I am not going to love I you, Miss Doolia. I don't want no body to be kind to me. I only want poor dada. 'I only love poor dada. And ugly, rich uncle wants to kill ffiim. Ugly, rich uncle at this moment came softly into the room, and he did not half like the last remark. It waB evident that if Ella was going to live at the Grange relations between them must not remain so constrained. He muHt' move heaven and earth to win the friendship, if not the love, of this strange child. He had never yet failed to win the regard and esteem, and sometimes something more, of older parties belonging to the same sex. True, but clever though Solicitor Brewer was there was one thing he had forgotten or had never learned, namely this : you can- no more deceive a child as to the state of your affections than you can deceive a dog. No earthly use pretending to love eithbr if you don't. The reason, reader, is not far to seek ; neither young child nor dog is endowed with reason, and so God Almighty has givoD both instinct, which is far better, and more easily handled than reason. " Reason raise o'er ihstinoc if you can, In this 'tis God direots, in thai 'tis man." Why, this Ella baby , required more wooing than would have sufficed to gain the affections of a score of maidens at the far end of their teens; and the wooing was thrown away on the child. At the end of a week, tired of lugging home toys to her, worn out with making raids upon fruiterers, and sacking the shops of confectioners, Mr. Brewer thought he had better give it up as a bad job, and, as he expressed it, "lot thingB slide." And at the end of ten days the state of affairs, so far as Ella was con cerned, was as follows : — She had set tled down into a condition of self-willed melancholy, and had frequent fits of sobbing and crying, and calling for her dada, passionately and wildly, and re fusing all attempts at comforting her. She tolerated Miss Doolia, as she called the governess, she stared at her uncle when he spoke to her as if lie had been simply a big talking doll wound up to say so many words, but pos sessed of no sort of a soul except- tho machinery that worked it. She gra ciously permitted Doolia to teach her to read, or rather to try, for you could have seen by her eyes her thoughts were wandering all tho while. She appeared, however, to enjoy her walks abroad, nnd rambled with the governess in search of wild flowers, and tho only creature she took the slightest interest in was a beautiful black- and-tan G'ollio dog. (to he continued.) 