THE golden rock. By ERNEST GRANVILLE, Author of "The Lost Heiress," "The Fair Colonist," "The Fosslckers," etc. CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) "Wo'vo laid our ghost," said Webster to Hume, who, being quite fresh to this part of the business, stood looking out into the blackness astern In a state of suspense; "we've laid our ghost, and must raise theirs." "Is that you, Mr. Webster?" said the Captain, leaning over the bridge. "Yes, sir!" "I must ask you to go to your cabin." "To my cabin, sir?" "Yes; I will not want you till daybreak, and you will light all tho better then for a good sleep. Take off the men from the slx-pounders — the fewer on board the bet ter." Webster went below with six men from the two guns, leaving on deck eight hands in all to work the two 12-pounders. One of these was at the wheel In the conning tower; another was stationed forward on the look-out; and the others were in two steel towers, which were aft, about three feet above the deck, protecting the men from the hall of missiles that might be dis charged from the machine guns, while their sloping sides would deflect larger projec tiles. "Mr. Hume!" "Sir." "Join ms on the bridge." Frank mounted to the low bridge, and went close to the dark figure of the Cap tain for companionship. They were alone unprotected by steel armour, and for him self he experienced a ' feeling of complete helplessness. He felt that up there he was a mark for every gun aimed at the Swift, and that without any power of retallatl.n. "It Is a fine night," he said, aimlessly, looking np at tho starry sky. "A very fine-night, indeed," said the Cap tain, taking hold of his beard with both hands; "but there'll be rain In the morn ing." Frank brought his eyes down from the stars to a red eye that gleamed far astern. The Captain took a couple of steps, and spoke down the tube: "Please attend to your fires there are too many sparks." Frank wondered at the Captain's quiet tones. Usually he was sharp and rough; now he spoke as though he were asking for a second cup of tea. "I knew it," said the Captain. The red eye astern was dimmed by two livid flashes. Frank heard tho dull reports, and then with a thrill down his back lis tened to the cry of the shells as they sped on. The enemy had yet done no damage, but he knew that ' these shrieking messen gers had at last scented their foe. He jerk ed his head violently as the shriek rose to a fiendish scream, and a swift rush of air swept across his face, whilst tho crushing of Iron behind him told that the shot had struck. It passed through the forward fun nel as though it had been a sheet of paper, and the Bmoke came pouring out of the holes. "They've got our range at last, and it's lucky for us they have no search light." "I'll go and get my rifle," said Frank. The Captain chuckled: "She's a mile off, at least' and if not, you might just as well puff at a whale with a pea-shooter. Still, I know how you feel. It's devilish hard to stand fire without giving back." He raised bis voice: "Fire." The 12-poiinders spoke together, belching out balls of fast revolving smoke, and spur ring the ship on with their recoil. "It's no good, of course," muttered the Captain, "but it will encourage them to keep up the chase." "Why not give them the big gun, cap tain?" asked Frank, Impatiently. "A waste of ammunition; and we'll want all we have when we got near the end of our voyage. I could turn and engage them, but I like to see what I am about, and all I want to do now 'is to encourage them. There she goes round; see her port lights; she'll give us another broadside, and do you count the flashes." "Count the flashes," thought Frank; "does ho think this Is a review?" The 12-pounders let go at tho row of lights, and as the smoke rolled away there came a mufiled roar, and In an instant. It seemed to Frank, the air was full of shells. The water was cut up astern, and one pro jectile struck the turtle- backed deck for ward and went humming Into the black of the night. "She carries six guns to the broadside, I think. What do you make It?" "A dozen, at least, captain, and heavy mettle," said Frank, wetting his lips. "No more than six and twelve pounders. A larger shell set up a different music, as ' you will soon learn. Still, I don't like It; ' their gunners are too smart." Tho captain took a turn up and down the . bridge, then sent a shout to the quarter master to cease fire. "Mr, Hume, you will find a lifebelt on the starboard side, oppo site the hatchway, with a canister attached. Cut it adrift." Frank found the belt, and sent It over- .hoard. "Keep her three spokes to port." The steersman starboarded the helm, and j ths Swift went off at an angle to her for mer course, whilst the canister, on reaching the water, flared out in a brilliant blaze In the ship's former wake. Before Frank had reached the bridge the enemy bad come round and fired Ms two forward guns, then, keeping on to port, quickly let go his starboard broadside. The water about the floating light was dashed up In showers. The captain slapped Hume on the hack as he reached the bridge. "That's a simple trick, eh! and we could 3llp away a3 easy as winking if we had a mind to. Lord, won't they howl when they find how they have been done!" There came a heavy guffaw from the towers aft as the men saw through the cap tain's joke. "Lord, there he goes again," as the for ward guns again belched forth, "what a ferocious devil the commander must be. Ho takes that light to be a flare, and Ima gines he' Is firing at a crippled ehlp, the devil." The quartermaster came forward. "The enemy has slackened off, sir." "Is that so?' eaid the captain, taking a long look at the steamer's lights. "Ha, I have It," and he smacked his list In bis hand, showing the first symptoms of excite ment. "He thinks we've gone down, and we'll lay to till morning, which can't bo far off." "There'll be grey light In an hour, sir!" The captain kept his eye on the steam er's light, which rose and fell, but kept its place. "Quartermaster, take your men below tor some hot grog and a bite, and rouse Mr. .Webster." "Aye, aye, sir." The captain went to the tube. "Slacken speed, Mr. Dickson, nnd be very careful with your fires. Starboard your helm; bring her round." ' Tho Swift went round with a steady swing, bringing the enemy's light on her port bows instead of over her starboard stern rails. The men lingered awhile to see the manoeuvre finished, and then went below, satisfied there was to be a fight. "Keep her on that course now," said the captain to the steersman. "Mr. Webster," be continued, as that officer stepped briskly up and took a glance round, "see that everything Is iu readiness, and that the men take their positions with out a word. Within an hour the fight will begin." "Begin, sir? ' You've been at It this past three hours, and I've been In aud out of my bunk a dozen times, while the men are all on the quiver." "We haven't- come to knocks yet. I'll present my card In the morning with a EOlb. rat-tat." . Webster laughed gaily as he set about bis duties, and presently the men gathered si lently to their posts, some of them every now and again stealing to the sides to make out the whereabouts of the enemy and tho meaning of the manoeuvre which puzzled them, as one might gather from their whispered arguments. The Swift stretched back towards the eastern horizon, whore the darkness was quickly melting Into tho grey of dawn, nnd . a deep silence rested on the ship, and over the shining heave of waters. Slowly the . enemy's light was overhauled, then sank . astern, but the Swift kept on its way until ..ft tint of pink appeared in the sky and the stars suddenly paled. "The time has come," said the Captain. "Are you ready?" "Aye, ayo, sir!" came tho answer In sup pressed tones. "Round with her, my man, on the port tack." The Swift rushed round, and there was a murmur of admiring criticism from the old tars as they now understood the meaning of the Captain's manoeuvre. "They are satisfied now," said the Cap tain, grimly, to Frank. "They thought all along; I'll be bound, that I could not fight this ship." "I confess, sir, I don't understand your tactics." "Well, I suppose you don't. The enemy's fighting strength Is evidently in her bow guns. So Is ours. I have not the 'vantage of her by going lntq action on her beam. Mark me, before sbe can bear her bow guns on us she'll be crippled. Full steam ahead!" he shouted, and the' low craft rushed for ward. The whole horizon on the east was now bathed In the light, and In a moment the blood-red disc of the sun flamed above the black line of the waters, while streamers of light shot Into the sky. Straight ahead there rose a dark object. A shaft of gold en light stretching across the waters struck full upon It, and there stood out. In a glory of softest fire, ' the tall masts and long black hull of the Brazilian ship. She was at rest, rising and falling gently; but there was a terrible awakening In store. Every minute brought her Into clearer re lief, though from the dark background be yond there was a blur about her dock, out of which, however, presently there emerged distinct objects — her boats, her bridge unoccupied, the gilt scroll under her stern, over which Idly dropped the Brazi lian flag; and last of all, the chases of her port broadside, grimly projecting, with a glint of red sunlight on their smooth cy linders. The two vessels were now distant about six hundred yards, and at last the careless lookout on the Brazilian ship saw some thing alarming astern in the fierce rush of the low grey craft. Some men dashed up the rigging to get a better view, and a small group gathered on the bridge. "We'll wake 'em up," shouted the Cap tain, springing Into the conning tower and pressing a button, which brought up "The Ghost" from Its bed. The real action had begun; the night's work had been child's play. There was a terrific din as the long gun threw shot after shot, and in ten minutes a dense bank of smoko enveloped the Swift. The firing was suspended a minute. The Captain stood in the conning tower, his hands on the wheel, and his eyes fix ed In a narrow slit under the steel roof. Giving a turn of the wheel to starboard, he brought the stem free of the smoke, and saw the enemy slowly gathering way, while men rushed about her decks In a state of terrible confusion at this sudden tempest of shells that had poured upon them. Some damage had been done evidently, but principally to her top rigging. And now she spoke from her stern guns, but not allowing sufficiently for her height, the first stinging flight of shells went over the catcher. "Stand by the G-poundors!" cried the Captain, his voice rising to a roar. "De press your muzzle, Mr. Webster. Fire!" Again there was another tremendous fu- silade, continuous and deafening, while the men's eyes smarted from the sulphur In the smoke, and their throats grow dry and husky.. For five minutes tho rain of load was kept up, and from the three guns one hundred projectiles tore Into the sloop, plunged along the port side, and shattored her rigging. Lieutenant Webster devoted his second storm of fire at the stern guns, and tho stanchions and bulwarks about them were ripped up, and the guns them selves dismounted. The order to cease fire was again given, and the Captain made a point to starboard just as the sloop was swinging round to bring her port broadside to bear. The ships were now but two hundred yards off, the sloop bearing off from the port quarter of the catcher in her attempt to come round and bring ber how guns to bear. Once she could do that she could blow the Swift out of the water, but Cap tain Pardoe had foreseen the manoeuvre and was ready for it. Counting upon the narrow turning power of his boat, he swept on, and suddenly put the wheel hard to port, bringing the vessel round within her own length, and bringing the boats stern to 3tern. At the same time he flashed the signal below to fire the stern torpedoes. Then he stepped out to watch the effect, and the men, wtih heaving chests, and smoke-blackened faces, from which their eyes glared with the fever of battle, wat ched too. There was a cry from the deck of the sloop as they saw the leap from the tubes of the two torpedoes, a hoarse cry from the Captain to the man at the wheel, a terrible pause, and then two lines of bubbles below the water marked the swift rush of the deadly tubes. One line, it was seen, would continue free of the ship, the other went straight for her stern, and a sailor, in a mad fit of rage, first discharged his rifle at the approaching torpedo, then plunged overboard with a wild yell. A moment later there was a mufiled roar, a vast column of water wa3 thrown up, fol lowed by a rending and grinding noise. The stern of the sloop was raised, then set tled down in the trough of a great sea raised by the explosion. Tho torpedo had reached its mark, and Captain Pardoe stood by to give what assistance ho could. There was the wildest consternation on board the sloop, and the rending noise con tinued, but though she lay helplessly on the water she showed no signs of sinking. The men on board the Swift set up a hoarse cheer, and shook each other by the hand. "It's twenty minutes since we went Into action," said Webster, wiping the blood from his brow. "Three cheers for our captain, men," and, waving his hat, he led the hurrahs. "For the love of God," cried a voice In English from the sloop, "help us!" "Strike your flag!" cried the captain. The gay flag came down, and the cap tain brought the Swift nearer. "What Is the matter?" "Your cursed torpedo has blown away our propeller, and the shaft — oh, sancta Maria! listen to It— la breaking the ship." "Why don't you shut off steam?" "Our engineer is dead. Demonios! Don't talk, hut act." "I'll send our engineer to you." "Quick, quick!" Mr. Dickson came up from the bowels of the Swift, where, without the stimulant of action, he had stood by his work; ani mating 'his men with a quiet courage, which was the finer because he stood in absolute darkness regarding the progress of tho light, and knew that at any moment he might be sent to the bottom a helpless vic tim in an iron prison. His face was white and streaming with perspiration, and at the first touch of the cold air he reeled with dizziness, but when told what was required of him he prepared for his new task with out a word. The Swift moved gently under the tall sides of the sloop, and the en gineer. with Webster, Hume, and six men, were quickly on board. Mr. Dickson went at once to tho engine-room, whence pro ceeded a truly infernal din. "Where is the captain?" asked Webster of a dozen men round him. A short, thick-set, bullet- headed man, with a neck like a bull, and moustaches that reached up to his eara, stepped for ward. "Your sword, Senor Juarez! "I must know to whom I am asked to surrender." "To the National flag," said IV ebster, haughtily. "Carambo! that is an excellent jest. Is the flag broud enough to cover the ships of every nation? And why should I surrender my sword?" he asked, with a fierce scowl, while his officers drew near threateningly. Webster stepped quickly to the bulwarks, and called to Captain Pardoe to stand away. . „ That officer went at once full speed astern, and lay-to a cable length off, with the men at their guns. "You see?" said Webster. Tho Drazillau captain, with a terrible malediction, broke his sword over his knee. "A thousand thunders!" he roared, while the black blood swelled in bis temples, "to think I should have been beaten by that — that thing— and scarcely a boat's crew hU"It is the fortune of war," said Webster, looking around. "But while we talk the ship may bo sinking for want of a HR'0 sallor-lllce care. Have you a spare sail, Seuor?" .. The Brazilian captain folded his arms ana spat on the deck. "You surly brute," cried Webster. "Here, men, cut away the mlzen sail." In a trice the British sailors swarmed up to the mizzeu yard and cast loose the sail, which came down with a thud, knocking a couple of yellow-faced sailors off their legs, whereat the tars up aloft laughed. At this a dozen of the enemy drew their knives and looked to their captain for a word. It was a ticklish moment, aud Hume drew a revolver, which he Instantly pre- sented at Juarez. "Good, my lad," said Webster. Shoot Ulm down if he moves a foot. Do you understand, Seuor?" Juarez glared like a wild beast, and a hoarse, unintelligible cry escaped from his thick lips; but he kept quiet, while Web ster without nnother look at tho scowling group, quickly slipped tho great sail over the side, and had It drawn round and up over the damaged stern. In the meantime, Mr. Dlekson, working down below, hud stopped tho engines and explored the shaft funnel, ascertaining the extent of damage done by tho shaft in its unchecked revolutions. He came on deck, wearied out. to be met by dark looks. "What's the meaning of this? said he. "The meaulng is," cried Webster, with a bitter look of contempt round, "that these cowardly hounds won't lift a finger to help us nnd I'm If my men will do another stroke to save them. Let the ship sink, and she Is sinking fust." "And you'll sink with us," roared Juarez. "Down with them; slit their throats. There was a rush of men, and the little oarty were hemmed in. (To be Continued.) 