SHROUDED IN MYSTERY; OR, WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? CHAPTER XXI. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) By the author of “Murdered at Mid day,” “For True Love’s Sake,” “Three Lovely Women,” “Darker than Death,” “An Ocean Secret,” “Recalled to Life,” “Riches to Ruin,” “Who killed John Cameron?” “Sword and Lance,” “Police Minister,” &c.; Mrs Radcliffe took good care to have the kettle on the fire, and the brandy bottle on the table, by the time that her husband came downstairs again to his supper, for old John liked a stiff* jorum before eating, as ,well as half-a- dozen or so after. Indeed, when he didn’t exceed that, allowance ho called himself very temperate, and really considered, as many other people would have done in those • times, that he was so, for we are writing of a period when, even as regarded wines, bpjj yiyants were divided into * three-bottle men’.and,‘five-bottle,’ and to be able to clear off five bottles of port or sherry after dinner was regarded as a feather in n man’s cap.. \The grandfather of the author qf this tale was a three-bottle man and (oh, Sir Wilfred Lawson) lived to a good old age notwithstanding. . Hardly had Mr Radcliffo come down stairs and seated himself at the table when the. outer gate was heard to soroop open, and then the quick step of a galloway, or a. ‘ gal,* as that breed of horses was for shortness sake, in general called, coming up the.grove. Old John had hardly stuttered out, * Whb.is this I wonder, and at such an hour of the night?’ (it was nob yet half past nine) when the asthmafcical-sounding blast of a horn proclaimed it to be the mounted postman, who went his rounds about once a week, at irregular intervals, when therewere any letters to be delivered, and usually carried the latest numbers of the London Gazette or the Warrington Advertiser in Ids pocket, which he would draw rein to open and road the most striking events out of at the street corners, or wherever he could collect a crowd, thereafter holding out his threvcorn»*red cocked hat, adorned with the black cockade of the House of Hanover, for contributions, a way of disseminating information which is not even yet obsolete in obscure parts ot Normandy and Brit (if course, he did not dare to do this before the door ‘ 80 wolliinformed a gentleman' Mr of fcl, e Wood,’ but he ob^ ervro< * to tbe 8erv ant who answered his hb^f 1 blow > ‘Folksare saying, my dear, in the public houses, that the girl who was found unowned in the river a couple of hours aand taken to limbo, is your master’s daughter that Tunned away three years b&'ck with the good-looking groom. Oan you t<?H if there’s any truth in the gossip ? 1 hope not, for I heard one long-tongued fc.Upw say that, like as not, the old gent had made away with her to avoid the diagrac of her turning up at her sister’s grand wedding and tha'-’s why he was in such an awful flurry to discover whether there was anything about the couple to identify it by, for Nancy Nutter and Betty Brindle declare that he well-nigh fainted w jj v en they told him there was a double capita I R ou the P oor thing’s linen, which it wouloVfc take a wizard to guess stood for Ruth Radeliffe, which was his i/orne.’ The servant was a new one at the Wood, and having bedo disturbed in the middle of her supper was not inclined to gossip, added to which she knew welj enough that Jhe, postman was merely trying to pick up information that he could make money out of by spreading far and wid**, embel lished with sensational additions of his pwn* while tbfc original information, on £ejmg traced back to its source, might 'wt her place, K hot a horsewhipping . •'difcion, from the bands of her irate in au perhaps, us sound a reason master. reticence was that she had as any for tic her Own crude nothing to te.. *«4.h , ,t£i#ounfc to much, suspicions, which a. <, consequently sho being rather deai, .1$ many no sot pat at key hole ■ *. of her profession. *'<t to (bhs She, therefore, said somethin., effect.that she ‘ didn’t know nothing, didn’t believe nothing either; and that would be a very good thing if some folks would mind their own business and leave other folk's alone, when snatching the letter out of thejraounted Mercury’s hands 'she ran indoors with it before ho could utter another word. The letter was addressed to ‘John Rad* •cliffe, Esq,, The Wood, Rochdale,’ and contained only these seven words: — ‘In partial alonomont for a great wrong.’ but it enclosed a bank draft or order for the sum of three hundred and seventy five pounds, which Mr, Radcliffo first shook . out, upon the table, and then regarded with the most intense surprise. ‘What’s the meaning of it, and who is it from? There’s no one who owes mo a quarter of such a sum. Oh, I can pretty well guess who sent it, though. Why, of course, it’s Iluth’s writing. What a fool • J ‘was not to discover that before, and she’s Wheedled the amount out of her'secoud Vhusband to partially makeup, the thou sand pounds that she stole from me when i.&ho; ran away with her first. Ojmo.now, Vthe lass is an honest lass' after all—aye, sand a well meaning one as well; though, .•Odds bobs, we - are bleeding the poor Sdllow rather too fieely between us, and af’eiuhcommonly. like riding a free horse to- ideath, to my way of thinking.’ ‘ V,‘Sut that’s not Ruth’s writing. It is ROseV rgbined Mrs. Radcliffe In very positive tones. * How coaid. Rose send me the, money ? Where couW she have got it from? Jt’sj from Ruth, of .coarse. It would bo absurd' to think anything else, and as to their Wfltluge, I’m sure they were always ; dflto/ , not exactly alike, g y aod.j tails* V P % "onod (Uo down. sirokfta .,«Ro,e oH. #>»• «»f»« «'« .1 tho beginning of ‘ jw.f 'fwcl the «*. of ‘Avrong ’ .rn Bo*’. •*« * "°H )d b: able to ewoar tojit in on/- iwur ‘ w jH®" lice.’ . , • In, answer to that, I repeat, could Rose have got the money ’ Sho never robbed me, as her sinter did,’ ‘ Didn't Ruth toll you that wh<*n Rose elected to become felio scapegoat, and . insisted on her remaining here and marry ing &ir; Harry Howarth iii her stead; believing that she might be arrested, tried, aud condemned to death fjr a murder which she had never committed, she forced on Rose’s acceptance all tho money that she was possessed df to help her on her way, and,support her until she obtained » situation V Well, Rose took it, and at the earliest opportunity has sent it to you, thereby, to the best of her power, redeeming her sister’s honor. V believe she hoped that you might fancy Ruth had repaid herself. Yes, she certainly hoped it, or she would have said more in the letter, and would not have confined it to seven words.’ T “Well. I did think it was Ruth, and I can c believe it possible, oven now, that she could have preserved such a large sum for three long years from the rapacious grasp of such a fellow as Haloaraus Green wood.’ 1 1 don t think you know Ru'h so well as I do. She had a great d-al of stub*, born resolution. Had she given -in to him more completely li«? might i.ot have treated her so brutally us h** soi-mod to have done. Anyhow, in clear proof that Ru. h did not send it you, here is the Carlisle postmark on the letter, showing • li it Rose had sot so far on her journey towards Scotland when she posted it, and you have said that Ruth confesjod to you that thither sho waygoing because English governesses had been in demand there sinre the Union.’ 1 Yes, and that certainly does seem to place the matter beyond a doubt. Poor Rose; well,! believed tint it was hor. She was always the beg: of. the two. She would never have treated me as Ruth did.’ ‘ Roth has her good points as well as' her sister, and T hope that you’re now ashamed of over believing that she could possibly have injured her. Well, she will I bo delighted to hear that her sister has' arrived so far north in safety, as this , letter proves that sho has done ; so, John, you rido over io Ologg Hall to-morrow;, you shall take me behind on the pillion, for by aid of this letter I’ll be aMe to comfort Ruth a little, and I want to hoar her full confession, too, for very like she will tell »*« more than sho has you. ‘ T-ll you more than me? Why, 1 had to force her down on her km.es and stand over her with a branished whip to get out of her what I did. Tell you more than me indeed ! Well, that is cool.’ ‘ Please to remember, J ohn, that the warm sun deprived the traveller of his cloak after the blustering wind had been trying for hours to do so in vain. I intend to go with you to morrow in any case.’ " Old John was astonished at this new spirit of determination in ,his wife, hut he was so delighted at feeing convinced that his daughter Rose still lived, and that the poor girl who had been drowned in the Roach mastconsequr ntly be uncon nected with him in every way that he good humoredly agreed- to her demand, merely (oiling her to let nothing out that could by any possibility open Sir Harry Howorth’s eyes, ‘for,’ ho said, 4 I’m con vinced now that Ruth will make him a veiy excellent wife, and that it is a very harmless and go <d naturod fraud which we aro practising, and one which in the end will be the best for n'l parties. ‘I believe the same or-I should not practice it,’ answered Mrs. Radcliffe. ' But do you really think, 'John,’ she added, persuasively, ‘ that taking into consideration the large Sum of money which you have just received, you need borrow a thousond pounds from Sir Harry Ho war th? I don’t altogether like the idea of putting his money to snch a us*, indeed I don’t.’ * Oh, then I’ll put this amount to that use as far-as it’ll go, and merely make up the round thousand out of his loan, and then all his money that is. remaining I’ll put to my own use, and really it won’t be half so much ns I sli >ulcl know what to do with it if [ only had it. Ohdoir me, I only wish that he’d make it two thousand instead of one.’ Mrs. Radcllfle sighed as she reflected that she' might have saved herself the trouble of even supposing it possible that her husband would surrender any thing in the shape of money or money’s worth that was once within his grasp. Indeed, her burly spouse had lost his temper again at a mere suggestion on her part, and evt-n half a dozen glasses of steaming hot brandy and water h *d failed to restore it him that night. The following morning, however, Mrs. Radcliffe was still firm in her determina tion to accompany him to 0 egg Hall, and so, immediately after breakfast, away they started, she perched up behind on the* pillion, and nervously clutched him round the waist, or, at all events, as far round as her arms would go, being in momentary f«ar that she should slip off,for it was some years smee she had travelled >n suph a fashion, she »n horfright, nor ho in his Sjtjll morose hqmor, noticed how strangely eyed (hem as fc|)ey passed $long, or ‘ *'■ hftJfdly anyone touched their hats to Uim .■ ’“' lal ' CHAPTER XXII. Olegg Hall was reached all in due time, nod had y Howarth seem to be equally surprised end deligluod to «M l»r motW, while Sir Harry was somewhat coldly courteous, and Mistress Dorothy as obsequiously humble as the great man who, in writing to a little one, s signs /»un self ‘your most obedient servant, and implies exactly the reverse, for, truth to toll, Dame Dorothy, by virtue of being fclio retainer of so old a family, and for many years tenesohal of so ancient a mansion, felt hen-elf to bo the superior of Mrs, Radcliffe in uJl tilings, while, know ing thot she was married to a mau who .could not trace bick a reputable pedigree for mom than a couple of generations, she dubbed her, mentally, ‘a mushroom/ and her daughter and bar own new mjatr.esa in one ‘spawn.’ Sir Harry bade the dame conduct the ladies over the house, Mrs. ftadclijffe j never having yet seen it, while he trad' j socted a little business with Mr. Radcliffe| a task which the prim, sour looking old woman, whoso black satin dress and lace cap and rufljbjs wore worth Mrs. Radoliffo’u entire wardrobe, accepted with grim pride and satisfaction. She never imagined that the opparently bride of two days ago would have the courage to got rid/of her, but she had, f„r she was most anxious to, he alone with her mother, and in consequent thereof,in /die course of a quarter of an hour or so, clfsipiW'd the housekeeper with eyon loss of courtesy than she, perhaps, bad a right to expect, for which $o vas doomed to briefly suffer in the future. : i Directly i-ho pld woman, with a crabbed ; As you wieh, jpy lady, I have no desire. 1 to intrude, and hope i Jcnow my place,’ bad curtseyed almost to tlifi floor and then ■ ta/ffn her .departure, the bi*id# hurried her parent iuto her pretty modernised dressing room, which was almost a boudoir as woU, and there, first looking the dopr and then throwing her self fntd her mother’s a**® 8 *ho ex* claimed— ■ ‘Oh, mammtfs-JW(> know * can 800 that you do, an& iH» a M 8 why you here—hero where I «o frightened and so wretchedyoii can’t/h.N r ,. Why, Ducy Howarth is mad -- mad, and I’m sure that her father is insane too.’ * Sir Harry ? Nonsense, my dear. Why he doesn’t show the slightest sign of such a thing. Ho isn’t even eccentric or. peculiar. I never looked upon »man less likoly to go rand than he. What can you mean,?’ ‘ If ho isn’t mad, he is bad, and has Some terrible sin upon his conscience, that won’t let him at night ? For, m regularly as the obi clock in the turret wheezes rather than strikes' mid* night, he g-ts out of bod, lights a candle, and with his eyes wide open, but fixed and expressionless, and the key, .that terrible key, in his hand, quits the room and goes wandering about the house— sometimes for hours.* ‘ What terrible key, ray d*ar. Why, what can there be terrible in a key ?’ asked Mrs. Radoliffe, * Ob, there is in this one, for it opens the door of the north wing, in which his first wife died, and which no foot but his has trodden ever since. I believe ilufc the rooms just remain just as they wore on the night when she destroyed herself therein ; only they are given over to the moth, the spider; dust, and corruption. Why, he spoke to me about that key I before I had been in the house five minute*, just ns though ho was Blue Beard, [ Fatima, and the key gave ad mittance to a room wherein six dead and headless spouses were stowed away in aecre*. I’m sure, mamma, that the whole time he was absent from me last night ho was in the north wing. But that is not all, not far from it.* ‘My darling you may depend upon it you am frightening yourself with shadows, neverthless, go on.’ * 1 am, at all events, coming to th“ substance now. And, oh heavens, what a j substance. He returned last night to bed after at least a couple of horns absence, with a long tress of what looked like, and I am sure was, faded golden hair, adhering to- bis nightdress by a drop of coagulated blood. Oh, it was too, too horrible.’ ‘My dear, you- dreamed it. ’Twas a nightmare. But didn’t you speak to this —this unsubstantial vision?’ 1 1 spoko to this live, breathing man, but ho gazed at me stonily, and made no i answer. His eyes looked so wild, yet expressionless, that I could not address him again, and the next instant the candle was out and ho was in bed. But ho talked in his sleep afeor that, and oh, about such dreadful subjects, and when 1 told him of it this morning, of his talking I mean, not of his wandering*, for t-omo how I dared not refer to them, ho got quite angry—yes, he turned perfectly white with rag*-,, and co inn <ndod me never to talk of, or think of such nonsense again.’ I ‘ But you’ve done it. You’ve told me. Oh, how could you?’ excl limed Mrs. Ridcliffe nervously. ‘I must have told someone, or gone mad, and who so fitting a confident as one’s own mother ?’ | ‘ But you must have built a mountain j of fancy on the very thinnest substratum of fact.’ ‘Look at this before you say so, for it is the very lock of hair that I’ve been telling you about. I obtained possession of it unknown to him, and I shall never, tell him that I did so. Oh, I would not for worlds. I sta- d in fur too much awe and terror of him now, for indeed his chin is as blue as indigo before ho shaves it in the morning. I have noticed that very particularly, and his board does grow so, even in the night,’ and as 'she concluded, Ruth, (for we need no longer call her Rose now that tho reader knows differently) drew out of her pocket a something. wrapped up in what might have been a curl paper, which, on being unrolled, revealed its contents to be unmistakably a human and a female lock' of hair, having a small portion of tho scalp attached. Mrs. Radoliffe recognised it as such in an instant, and, unable to contradict her' daughter’s assertion, launched at once into generalities t ‘ It’s what yon believe it to be, dear, but you may depend upon it, ’twould bear an innocent construction much bettor than the one which you have placed upon it did you only know all. Both your father and I are fully satisfied that Sir J Harry is a most estimable person, Why, his kindness to tho poor is proverbial; be is always going even out of his way to relieve distress; he is the righthaad man of oar local clergy in every good work; and you may be quite sure, that on in dividual who had a weigtity sin on his soul would bo far too afraid of what might happen to him after death to tisk his life in trying to save two lads from drowning in the Roach as he did nob long ago, and no swimmer either. Now, do think of all that, deaf.’' ‘ I will, mamma—rl do —* fc i® my only comfort; but I’ve no assistance of the hind to h«*Ip me to put up with his house keeper, Damn Dorothy, who, I’m sure ho is afraid of, and who, I’m equally hates me us nn interloper and a usurper of tho authority which she had wielded liore over since my unhappy predecessor’s death.’ * Old people are very frequently only for bidding in their looks, which, poor souls, a hundred years ago ofterf sufficed to got them burnt as witches. Then, as to their bad temper, rheumatism is at: the bottom of it much more frequently than spitefulncss. You may soon teach Dame Dorothy to love you if you will. * Ah, mamma, I see that you have made up your mind to regard' everything at Clegg Hall 1 through rose-colored spectacles, and if I abuse the. people or the plaoo any longer you may’nt come again. Wo may ajj wellpbohgo the sub* ject, therefore, for I know tfiat youV e | dying to ask mo all about Ro$e.* ‘ Indeed, I am, my dear, though I believe that yo.pr father has faithfully rolMod to me ail thac you tpjd him. But Fy.e pi up something to tell you about Rose, It is that she reached Carlisle in safety, and has sent your papa throe hundred and seventy-five pounds out of the money you—gave her.’ < Poor darling, then she has loft herself wHb only twenty-five pounds' iu her popket, and pypp pf that she must luve expended fifth part, at loi>0j r ffl j-paohlng Carlisle, and out of the scanty remainder; she will have to buy herself clothing and provide herself with food and lodging until she oau got a situation/ *Your honor is more dear to her than her own comfort j ayo ns «p fa your happi ness also; I am very sure. Site wrote so ps to convoy tho impression limb 'twas you who bed sept the money.’ < Ab, she instated ou sacrificing herself for my sake, and she would not he gain* said, for I wan not selfish onough to lot hor do Ui without a struggle. -Pon 11 my word oiammi, I did not fptend oyen to tell her of the terrible position in wblpb I was placed, nor did I antii on the point of bidding her faiewoll < under Iho old, laburnum tree which wo used to play i beneath as ( Jibtlo Children. Then T i soemod bound to give her my full -ooafk dence, arid tiho fpreod me ko yield fo her always jgipogey will; but,I would'not have done it, and she'd have had no need to exercise it, had I but known that Hal ; camus Greonwood still lived. It was the being arrested for his raurdor that I feared.' ‘What especial reasons had you for sup posing that the world would think so ill of you, dear? ‘ Why, our quarrel of that very day, and the passionate threats that I made use of, which were heard by people who lodged in (he same house, for you know well that I have papa’s violent temper, at times, and !»•? had used ra** most cruelly [ and brutally, on a score of different occasions. „ But that was not the wors>, for when he thought ho was dying ho made up his mind nob to die alone, 1 suppose,-and so called aloud again and again that I had mixed a lot of his arsenic melicine with his beer, and though I sent for a doctor immediately, all those evidences combined tfas surely enough to hang the moat innocent wife, and so it was little wonder that I ran away at once.’ ‘I soppose the doctor came and used remedies in time to save him. But any how, ho was saved, and so you have nothing further to fear. Better still, owing to his marrying you under a false name, and by means of fa'se declarations, the ceremony was illegal, and you are the lawful wife of Sir Harry Howarth, aye, as ranch so as though Haloamus Green* wood had died and you had been his widow, as you ac the time imagined your self to b'.>.’ ‘ I wish there was no need for such secrecy and guih-.* ‘Unfortunately, my dear child, there is. No .one can. regret it more than I do, but under the circumstances truth and candour would only make all parties miserable.’ , ‘ Then I hope instead that dear Hose will one day be able - to wed Lancelot Leigh, who I am sure, is an honorable and upright fellow, and in every way worthy of her.’ ‘ I will hope so too, my dear, but your father seems tq he very prejudiced against him.’ Their conversation then grew less in* teresting. chapter xxnr. All this while Mr, Radcliffe and Sir Harry Howarth wore not having particu larly happy time of it in the baronet’s grand but gloomy library. ‘ You were so excited when you called hero yesterday, morning that I studiously avoided every subject that could possibly add thereto, and, as you are well aware, and for what reason, did not even turn up to bid you good-day when you quitted the hall,’ the boroaet commenced by observing. ‘ Now, however, that you seem to bo in a condition to talk and to behave rationally, which I particularly request that you will do, both now «nd henceforth, I will venture to ask you a few things, and also to tell you a few.’ Mr. Radclitfb was most amiable and complaisant, as most men are when on the point of borrowing largely, especially when, as in old John’s case, they have no intention of ever repaying the loan. ‘ In the first place, how did your daughter really got that burn upon her right arm?’ began Sir Harry. ‘ Burn ? I never knew she had one.’ * What, neither of your daughters 1’ ‘ No, neither.’ * It’s very odd. She tells mo that her sister did it. If ’twas so she must be a— well, perfect devil.’ ‘ Odds bodkins, Sir Harry, she’s a saint in petticoats, and as good and amiable as a girl could be.’ ‘ Which V ‘ Why, Rose.’ ‘ Oan’tyou see that I must be referring to Ruth V | * Oh ! ah, yes, to be sure.’ ‘ Rose is my wife, isn’t she V ‘ Why, of course.’ ‘ And so you must mean that Ruth’s the saint, etcetera !’ ‘ Well, I mean comparatively speaking. Ruth has her faults, I’m not going to deny that.’. ‘So you think that she may have as saulted her sister with a red hob poker,al thougn so near akin to u saint,’ ‘God bless me, no. That’s to say, I’d I wager anything not. Odds bodkins, I never heard of such ft thing,’ ‘ Oh, then I’ll warrant that you’d think ft still morn improbable that n common footpad and thief should know about this brand, and feel so keen a desire to see it i that he stopped my carriage and forced mo to out up tny wife’s right sloovo to the very shoulder by the powerful persuasion of a pistol levelled at ray |head V ■ ‘ The d • he did 1 This beats cock fighting. What did Rq—Rose say about the flatter V ‘ She refuse to give the slightest ex planation of the mystery, or of another that occurred later on,’ i What on earth was that T * Why, I took her up on the leads to .show her the moonlight landscape from the roof of Clegg Hall, which is incom parably -lovely. However, instead of I seeing the view she behold what 1 did not, namely, a ghost, but to make up for it I heard a voice exclaim, and very clearly, within a few yards of me, ‘ Ruth, where is Rose thy sister V Strange, wasn’t it, both the words and the place, ehT •Excessively. But didn’t you attempt to discover who uttered them T demanded Mr, RadolifTe quavoringly. •My wife clung to mo, and told mo that if 1 quitted her side for a single moment her fears would force her to pre. cipitato herself over the parapet; when, of course, she’d have been killed. I, therefore, could nob attempt a discovery, but I seethed the trap door in the roof behind qs qs vye desgmdpd from the loads, ayo, secured it qodornea'b, and ns it formed I bp sole moms of access to the hou$ptqp", I iqade sqro qf catching my geutiemm there thp nojcb morning. f Aud did you,’ f Nothing of the kind j the trap door J was as J. lUc) left it, but no one was on the roof, J searched it most carefully, aye, even round and round the chimney stacks, and I peered also down them.’ 4 Then some jackdaw or escaped parrot must have spoken the words that you heard, §ir Harry.’ f No jqojfdow or parrot could have uttered such remark abb) yards, !phey tyfiro very remarkable,’ ■ • They were. But it doesn’t seeto to mo mo that uqy huipan b ! >>ng cqi}kl hav.i spoken them, Hops it to you I’ ♦At first blush, no, But on g)(ug down into the garden and* looking at the walls, my eyes followed the upward direc tion'nf R certain spout, and hero and, there, for Its entire course to the roof, bits of plaster s' omod to have boon very recently knocked off, pis though by'tlie, toes of ;, a remarkably human Individual’s boots'. ’ ’ An active follow oduld easily, hayo aaQ6Q(|od tfyat snout to the roof, oven' such a one as fi'bpped m7 end, obliged rod to bare my wife's shoulder for, his inspection by . the persuasion of a! ‘ ‘ And what did your wife think about itf " ' ‘She seemed very terrified, but oxn pressed no opinion,' ‘ Perhaps she couldn't form onr>, nnd I’m Kur.} I can’t. 1 say, Howari.h, as a personal favor doti’t say u word about this t> Mrs, RadelifiN, for she is as you must be aware, highly nervou-, and it would do her a lot of harm.’ ‘ It's doing mo a lot of harm, I fear, for I’ve as awkward trick of walking in my sleep when seriously upset, and though I don’t believe that I’ve done it for a long while, the chance of the habit recurring causes me great uneasiness. It might alarm my wif-, too, for I bcli-vo that folks look ghastly when wandering about asleep with his eyes open. Good God ! they aren’t responsible for thi-ir actions, either, nor can they control the.m. I wish Radcliflfe, that you could persuade your daughter to place more c mfidonce in me, and to have fewer secrets from me. We should be making a far better beginning of married life if you would only give, and she take such advice, that I am very sure of. Will you do your part V ‘ Yes, another day. I will ride over specially, and have a good long talk with her. Meanwhile—’ ‘ Ah, meanwhile the thousand pounds of course. More important matters drove it quite out of my head.’ But there could be nothing more impor tant to Mr. Radclifib, whoso next desire to that of pocketing the money was for Mrs. Radclifib to rejoin thorn, and so put a complete eid to a most unpleasant sub ject of conversation. The barooe», however, to His intense relief, did not revert thereto, for he seem iogly put faith in his father-in-law’s promise, and thought that nothing more need be said or done until the inter view between parent and child had taken place. The-, presently, Mrs. Radclifib and her daughter did find their way to the library, and a quarter of an hour later, ‘Old John’and his wife hud If ft Olegg Hall, and w<»re ambling on their great gaunt roodst r in the direction of Roch dale. They hud much to communicate to each other on the journey, and Mr. Rad clific begun by saying ‘ We shall have to play a cuutious game, Mrs. R. ; for the baronet’s pence of mind’s sake ns well as our child's, for I’m thinking of him as much as I arn of her. He’s in a very delicato state of health, I fancy, in fact he admits something of the kind himself, and I would fain save him very un pleasant shock and other disagreeable I possibly can. I consider that it’s my duty to act so by him, and that I'm only trying to do unto him as I would that he should do Unto me if our positions wore reversed ; in short, it is a species of pious fraud that we are practising, Mrs R. and a good end will more than justify a some* what— somewhat — well, roundabout means ; for, you see, if be were to find tho entire swindle—I mean mistake—out he might die or go mad before ho had properly provided for Ru our daughter. T should say.’ ‘His daughter—poor dear—went out of her mind before our dear child arrived there, as perhaps sho told you ; but I don’t think she did, because 1 don’t believe that she had then made the discovery that her husband walks and talks in his sleep ; and both says and does the most remark able things.’ She then went on to tell her husband all about the baronet’s wanderings in the north wing, and of the lock of faded golden hair incident; when, after giving vent to numerous exclamations of astonish ment, he, in his turn, related the story of the mysterious voice on Olegg Hall leads, and how it bad said 1 Ruth' where is Rose, thy sister Y with tho full account of how the baronet searched fur tho speaker, and with what result. ‘ How very dreadful, and how very dangerous, and who or what could it possibly have been V exclaimed Mrs Rad clifib. ‘ Wei', you are a fool not to be able to guess, I did at once. Why it was that scoundrel Halcamus, to be sure, and he’s playing with tho hare one day and running with the hounds the next in hope of being able to draw money all round. I’m glad I’ve discovered his little game though, egad, that I am, Mrs R.’ ‘ But, first of all, how could Halcamus have got to tho top of that high house, and secondly, how down again? 1 ‘Just as easy as up and downstairs. Why didn’t I tell you that instead of having been an officer in the army, as he humbugged poor Ruth into beliving, be had been a circus rider and acrobat ? Such a fellow would have swarmed up and down the spout that Sir Harry made mention of in a brace of shakes, ayo, a deal easier than I’d be able to go up and down a ladder, and doubtless he didn’t begin tho ascent until the moonlight showed him Ruth and the bironet upon the leads. Once there, there were a score of ohimnoy stacks to play hide-and-seek behind. If I don’t do something to prevent i f - he’ll be appearing to Ruth in till kinds of pi «ofip, nnd terrifying her into robbing her husband in order to purchase his silonceand his departure, aye, I'll bo bound *ho will. ‘And Rath will do anything short of committing a crime to effect those two things. What woman so placed would not V ‘ I’ll prevent it. I’ll bind him down with bonds stronger than fetters of iron before I’ll hand him over a thousand pounds.’ They went on talking about this and kindred, mooters .until Rochdale was reached, when it was no longer safe to do so, lest they should bo overheard. On gaining the bridge Mr Radcliffe asked the day watchman if tho inquest I was over, and if so how tho verdict had gone, but the man replied that the inquest would not bo held until the morrow, as the ooronor was out of town, and ho ended up by saying— ‘ If I was you, sir, I wouldn’t go out of doors tquoh till 'twas over, for- folks sometimes take funny notions into their heads, apd above all I’d stay indoors to night, as it’s Mischief Night as perhaps you may have forgotten ; hut anyhow, it*s worth remembering.’ (to uk continued). The Amcrioui Steamship Line has it as an invariable rule that no captain or otljer ofilcer, sailor, or other ciqpjqyo sl)all use Intoxicating liquor* as a drink'i A famous captain on one of its great linm recoqtjy said to a temperance loader— i N|any a time Jigs a glass of wh|nky wrecked a ship,’ Life’s Vicissitudes. —The Tunpeka (Now Zealand) ‘Times' states that on a sheep station in Tunpeka country, there is a rabbi ter who woe once, and not so very long ago, n distinguished member of tho medical profession; on tho same station in q n>au who was formerly private secre tary to an ox-Proraior of tip* colony, and another who is n qiyil erjgiqcpi? by pro fession, arpl before hfs final dospept had occupied n Ipgh position and ifiado a pro fessiona) rppulaUQt) in morp tfiai) quo of the Australian colonies, 