PITH. The Upper House will make a virtue of necessity and baok dowm Parliament has not lost its roost invet erate bor^-^Mr Affleck, The Speaker's white-haired boy also came baok victorious— Harry Levien. ? John M^lhoos and jaw-bone Neild ore resurreoted. , At least a few good meo were rejeoted at the general election, Ninian Melville will nevor woo the coal miners. again. ' All the'direotors of the lat® Daily Potl were rejected as candidates. It is said that editor Ellis, of the Ztatfy Post will take tho lead of a Sunday paper In October. Leprosy is iooreasing a¥ an alarming rate throughout Australia. The current wheat crop of Manitoba (Canada) is 30,000,000 bushels. Veteran Parkea is anderstoodio.be in consolable and very irritable. How many ex-members bitterly -bewail tbe fact that they were even induced to adopt politics? j Parkes and bis little party are talking ! of making a little .jAssembly of tbeir own. They only want a revenue to start. ; Parliament will probably meet for ^he diBpatch of huf iness on the 13th A^gu^t. The new Qovernor.of New SontH Wales will probably prove a second Carricgton. Parliament hae lost its athlete aud foot baller, The -quiet inoffensive Jupp Gar diner. ] . Premier Beid may now look forward to an early K,0.M,6, ship with ceritaioty.' The highly intelligent electors of Molpng are onoe more represented by that aoobm plished orator — Dr Robs. | Crick's latent ambition Is. to' become leader-of^the .OppoBition, and more hapte lesB speed, Paddy. \--Tha-temperauce parly at least voted for men-f-not measures — of grog. ' - Mr Jos Ohamberlaio promises to prove the best friend the producers of Australia ererhad. Tbe National Association is about to give-up the ghost. But then it never lived «-^it only existed, The gold yield of Viotoria for last quarter shows an .increase. .of 15,854oz. compared with the first quarter of the year. , After all, the^general elections have not considerably altered ih& personnel of Par liament. * r . Will any of the new members make their mark in the present Parliament ! There is a large vacaboy for 'talent, ? - ; i With Dibbs, Peckes, Oopaland and Wise out of the field, Lyoe has his oppor tunity for leadership. Crick, Meagher -and Bull rule the lower legal roost io Sydney. They triumph bverthe courts and now they iuvade the Bacred preoinots of Parliament. I . 'Top.many lawyers in the House say »- , an old poliiioiau. . '* Nevar^ get: proper legislation, with a parcel of. attorneys always arguing about '? hothiugs.' ' A great Amerioan miniog expert ;is in. Sydney. The mines in tbe Lucknow dis trict are oooupying his attention iat the present time. Memoirs of the golden days of Dayles ford, Victoria, are revived by the luck of a fossicker who picked up a nugget iu, the old workings worth nearly L1000 George Dean is forgotten, He ia un notioed even by the passengers on bis North Shore boat. Such is fame. Tbe popular upheaval agaiust Judge Wiudeyer has likewise subdued. An endeavor is being made to have Mr M'Millan'sseat declared vaoaut, on tbe ground that his long absence from the colony disqualified liiiu. Dr Ross, M.L.A. calls upon the Council to defy tbe Government and reject land taxation, otherwise there will be the most horrible revolution on reoord. David Syme, of the Melbourne Ago, is on a visit to Sydney. He is suepeoted of a desire to establish a ' Thunderer' in New South Wales, It is expeoted that Sydoey will boom under a freetrade policy. The country . districts will have to produoe for the food markets of the world, and the State tnuBt aid the producers to reach those markets R. D. Meagher evidently thought he was the. hero of 4he Metropolitan elections; He drove through tho streets of Sydney ina waggonette, headed by a brass band, ana doffed his hat to the bewildered thou sands who swarmed tbe streets on polling night. Citizens of Sydney boast that they can get along well'enougb without the assis tance of the. oouotry. Nearly every itetn of food supplies may be more cheaply im ported. Mr W,J. Lyne will Hot the fctillia^t; leader of the Opposition; tohflie is a' mdte popular man than Sir George-pibbs. He Ib more liberal and does not look bo bard at a'Bovereign Before he parts with it. - .? A- candidate who contested' a, country? constituency complains tbat he oould not get milk in at leaBt half, the hotels he put up at during the campaign. And yet tbey ?Bay Australia is a land flowing: with' milk and honey. What'e in a name. DeanStrefoh is the' name of a Ballarat olergyman. We nearly had Dean 'Stretch ' in Darlinghurst .the.oth.er.day ? It iB a general opinion tbat . Sir George Dibbs* political-career has olosed' Mr Oopeland iB very^nxious ;to estab liab a morning prbteotloniBt newspaper . , The blookade at Truth Office against the bailiffs ihreaiens to.be ab prolonged as the siege of. Paris ^ .... ? s The business whioh -takes iinost money over ibe counter in Sydney, at present re ceives 10 tiinesmore eilver.and .20 times : less gold and.notes.-than it did two yearp 'iw\i c 'l-l ? -v ' I The golden sovereign » much more in evidence now than for years past. Notes I abounded 12 months ago and the sovereign was «'fcarityi- i $^ow Ut 4S 'tlie - other way About , ^ Eddy hopes to make his salary good out of the,; Rei(i^/-^ory«[ i ,^he 4Sp eral opinion is thaMhephi^f.Obi^missionerhas imbued our railwaya with all be knows and his laio holiday ^rip^annpt have been a very edifying one * Tho new'Partiament from, an intelleo-, tual point of view is no improvement . on jh'e the last Assembly .[ : and Oriok are the pnly speakers of any power in tbe New HousS;^:, Adrian Knox, M.P,,did not draw his member's Ba^ary laBt Parliament. He and Mr Bruce Smith are bo far, the only two oonsistent opponents of payment of mem bers 