LADY KILPATRICK, a tale of to-day. by robert buchanan. . CHAPTER VIII.— (Continued.) "Will I help ye?" cried Peebles, spring ing to his feet almost with tho vivaoity of a young man. "De|l ha'e me, but I'll know In four and twenty hours, But, eh, lass, it ye're mistaken, If it's not so? Odl I'd just gang clear daft In the disappointment. But It must— it must bo true, eh, lass! To see tho faces o' they two Conseltlnes. To see the bonny lad that ye wyted on for a beggar and a bastard established wl' title and estates! To see Lady Dulcio, Lady Kllpatrick and Desmond's wife, Odl If it's no true there'll be a braw end o' one guid Scat, for I'll just gang neck and crop o'er tho headlands In sheer vexation. It! That I should say sae! — It must he true! It shall be true, if I squeeze it oot 0' yon scoundrel Blake wi' mo aln ould hands, and his worthless llfo along wl' It. But I maun awa', lass! I maun awa'l There's a bantle o' things to be doon at the Castle, and tho lazy loons o' servants are at sixes and sevens If they haven't me aye at their lugs. I'll see yon druoken ne'er-do- well this day, and I'll ha'e news for ye the morrow's morn. Keep a guld bairt, lassie. The King shall enjoy bis aln again! Eh, I'm just daft!" Indeed, anybody who had witnessed the scene might havo thought so, he was sd topful of excitement. "God bless ye, Mr. Peebles," said Moya. "Ye're a true friend to me and the boy." "Aye am I!" Teturned Peebles, "and that ye shall see e'er long. Gang home, lass, and pray for the bonny bairn," "Pray for him!" cried Moya. "Has there been a day. this eighteen years I've not prayed for him? No, nor a waking hour. God go with ye, sir, but—" she obecked him with an outstretched hand as he turn ed tD go, and laid her linger on her lips with an imperious command to Bllence. "Don't fear me," said the old man, "I'm nae chatterbox wl' business like this afoot." CHAPTER IX.— IN WHICH MISCHIEF IS BREWING. It was lato ln the afternoon of the same day when Mr. Blake roso from bis bed In the tenement to which he gave the soqa- rouB and .Impressive title of Blake/s Hall, a tumbledown but of two storeys, which long years of neglect bad reduced to a con dition of almost complete ruin. The ground floor was occupied by Blake himself, tbo upper portion by an ancient peasant wo man, who acted as bis cook, housemaid, caterer, and goneral factotum. There was not a whole pane of glass or an unbroken article of furniture ln the whole building, and the little plot of ground In which It stood was a wilderness of atones and weeds. Biddy was made awaro of her employer's awakening ln tke fashion familiar to her for years past, by his roaring at the full stretch, of his lungs for a draught of whisky. That dispatohod, he arose, and proceeded, with shaking limbs, to shavo and dress, Ho was still occupied with his toilet when the volqo of the elder Conscl- tlne was heard In the outer roam, demand ing him. . . "Give hlni a glass of punch." Blake called out to Biddy, "I'll be with him In the squazlng of a lemon. So," he con- tlnitod reeling out of his bedroom a minute later, "yq'vo brought, the cub with ye. though I forbade ye." Rlohard, sullenly flicking at hlB boot with bis riding whip, looked at Blalco from under his lowering oyabrows, but took no further heed of bis ambiguous welcome. Blake unsteadily poured out a second bum per of spirit; and the glass rattled against his teeth as ho drained It. "And what's the newB with his lordship this day?" he asked. "Still very ill," answered Conselttne. "lie's beon upsot by that old fool, Peebles, who's been hammering at him all duy long to roeall that brat of a boylove of his." "Faith!" returned Blalio, "and ho might do worse, by. a great deal. 'Tis a lino lad, Desmond, as clover and handsome as that 011b of yours is stupid and ugly. Don't shtand thoro, yo Imp of perdition, glower ing at mo like a ghost. Sit dowu and dhrlnlc like a Christian." .Richard obeyed a scarcely perceptible motion of his lather's cyebroiys, sat at tho battered tablo, and pourod. out for himself a e'as3 of whisky, to which ho put his lips with an awkward affectation of good fellow ship. "Have ye got that two hundred pounds?" asked Blake. "I have," said Conseltlne, "I've brought it with me." He unbuttoned his coat, and took a bundle of bank papers from tho inner breast pocket. Blalce took It with shaking hands, and rammed it ln a crumpled mass into his breeches pocket without counting "You're as good as your word, Dick Con seltlne, for once ln your life," said he. "Have another dbrink." Conseltlne profited by Blake raising his glass to his Hps to fling the contents of the tumbler, which Biddy had filled for him, - on to the earthen floor of the hut, and filled It again, principally with water. "Why," said Blake, "ye're gettin' frlndly and neighborly In your ould age. Ye'll be a dacent man before ye die, If ye live long enough." "Blake," said Conseltlne, "I want to talk to you. Did ye ever think of emigra tion?" "Did I ever think o what?" asked Blake, pausing with his fourth tumbler half way to bis lips. "Emigration," repeated Conseltlne. "I never did," returned Blake. "Why would I?" "Well," said bis companion, "there are many reasons why ye might think of It. Ye're just spoiling here, wasting yourself. If yo'd go out west, a man of your abilities, with R little capital, would do well. Land and hiring are cheap, it's a lovely climate, and there are no end of chances for making money. I'll tell ye what, now. 'Tis a sin and a shame to see a man like you wast ing yourself ln. this cursed country. I'll make reaE two hundred five, and pay your passage out, If ye'll take the next steamer to New York." "Be jaberq!" said Blake, "yo're mighty generous all of a sudden. Ye want to get rid of me. Spake the truth now, isn't that It?" "Well," said Conseltlne, with a great ap pearance of candor, "that Is It. I'd rather have ye out of the country. You're dan gerous here, Blake— dangerous to ub, and te yourself." "To meself!" echoed Blake. "And how am I dangerous to.moself?" "Ye'll bo splitting some day on a certain matter that we know of — alsy now. wo needn't name names — and If ye did speak, 'twould be as bad for you as for us." "Make that good," said Blake. "Well," said Conseltlne, "ye'd very likely get a handsome lump of money down from the other parties, but that once spent — and yo know It wouldn't take ye long to spend any sum yo might get — ye'd get no more. Now, so long as you're faithful to our cause, you know you have a faithful friend ln me. I'll give ye flvo hundred down to go to America, and another two hundred a year as long as you live. Don't answer now," he continued, as Bioko open ed his lips to speak. "Think It over, and I'm sure ye'll see things as I see them, and See that It's best for ye to he out o' the way of temptation." Blake swallowed another tumbler of punch. " 'Tis a moighty quare Idea," ha said, thoughtfully, with a thickening of the voice which showed that he was fast n earing his normal pitch of Intoxication. Ho rubbed his head dubiously, and to clear his wits, poured out and drank a half glass of neat whisky. "Lave mo ancestral possessions! Desert Blake's Hall ! What are ye grinning at, ye thafe of darkness?" he demanded angrily of Richard, who looked round the barren room with a smile of pitying con tempt. He lurohed forward ln bis chair, With bloodshot eyes glaring at Conseltlne, who, having thrown away his second glass of whisky, filled a third. "Toll me now," he said, "Is tho whisky good out there?" Conseltlne nodded. "Well," said Blake, "an Irish gentleman ought to travel. Five hundred pounds, ye said?" Conseltlne nodded again. "Five hundred on the nail, and two hundred a year lor lolfe?" Conseltlne podded a third tlmo. "Hand over tbe'bottle," said Blalce. " 'Twill take a dale o" whisky to settle this queatlon." His wavering hand had scarcely steered his glass to bis mouth when a hurried stop was heard in the garden, and a monies' later tho lawyer Feagus burst Into tba room, panting and perspiring. Blake star- od at him for a moment without recognis ing him. and then tobo, with tho obvious Intention of falling foul of this unwel come visitor. "Hould him back!" cried Feagus, "Hould him back for tho love of heaven!" "Yo sneaking coward!" cried Blake, try ing to get past Conseltlne. "I'll have your dirty life!" Feagus, who under ordinary circum stances would have at once accepted the challenge, once more called to Consoltiue to keep Blakq back, and, unbidden, filled and drank a glass of punch. "I've no tlmo to waste with yo, Pat Blake. I've news, Mr, Conseltlne! we're ruined!" Conseltlne thrust Blake Into bis cbalr, and turned. "What d'ye mean?" he aslcod. "Moya Macartney's alive!" cried tba law yer. Consolttne staggered as If ho had beon shot, and Blake, who bad risen to hla feet to mako a rush at Feagus, checked himself, and stood still, swaying heavily on bla feet . as be glared at tbe bearer of this extraor dinary news. "Are ye mad or drunk?" asked Consol ttne, with An ashen face, "Sane, and fasting from all but sin, God be good to mo," said Feagus. "I tell ye, Moya Macartney's alive. I've soon her." Oonsoltlne etarcd at him like a man nowly awakened from a nightmare, and he wont on. " 'Twaa laBt night, in tho ould ohurch- yard down by tho lake. I was pasBln' by, apd I saw hor standing tbcro among tho graves, and ould Peebles was coming along the road- Thinks I, 'The ould rip! I'll have a folno story to toll my lord, next tlmo I dine with him,' and I just Blippcd bohind a gravestone, and lLstopod, Ho didn't know her till she tould him who she was — who would, and sho drownod and In her grave this eighteen yoarsl Holy Mosesl I'm wrlnglug wet only to think of Itl" "Get on, man, got on!" said Conseltlno, hoarsely. (To bo continued.) 