THE EXILE'S DAUGHTER. BY JOSEPH HATTON. : i : CHAPTER XI— ON GUARD. tVlthln a fortnight Geoltrey Lathklll was tts well known at Castleton as If he had lived there for years. lie had setlted down jn tho house with the Iron gates, the grass nlof and the flotver garden: and Mrs. Mid- winter declared she had never had so charming a tenant. Her two maids were almost as complimentary about Mr. Lath- kill's valet and man-of-all work who had arrived at Castleton on the third day of Lathklil's visit with all kinds o i luggage, easels, sketching tents, and what not. Mrs. Midwinter's drawir.groom had been turned into a studio. It faced north and couth, and thus possessed the artist light Mr. Lathkill desired. Two ol tlio windows that gave upon the lawn wcro draped, but a glass door-way at the northern end was left open; and here the eye fell upon the green est turf adorned with tho brightest flowers, tho whole shut in by a. high wall which \- in Its turn was excluded from the sky by tho hill that overlooked Cavcdale. Mrs. Midwinter made every possible concession In regard to tlio re-arrangement of her house, for Lathkil was not only amiable hut a liberal paymaster. At first she was cot suro whether it was quite the right thing for Adser Blytlie to visit her tenant alODe, even it only for the purpose of sit ting for her portrait. The question had been debated by Zodack Bradford, and had been protested against by Lewis Tregarron. Mrs. Blytbe saw no objection; Adser could take caro of herself; and Geoffrey had spont more during one day at her museum than any visitors throughout a whole season. GeofTrey would take his sherry and hit ters one day at the Nag's Head, the next m ene wneae suniui uau ,,, smoke-room of tho Castle at night; and he had patronised the general trade of tho place. He was never tired of visiting the Hons of the locality, and bad sat for the hour together sketching God's factory. The only man ho did not get on well with was Tregarron; though he disliked a certain Staley Brentwood almost as much as Tre garron did. Sol Tidser amused him, and at the same time saddened him. There was something fateful he thought about the little crooked chap, who turned up in odd curious ways at unexpected times, and his ohaunt of "After many roving years" seemed to imply a meaning that was cer tainly not intended. It was as if Sol knew 'Geoffrey's secret passion for Adser Blythe, and noted it as the denouement of a world of wandering and easy conquest, to meet ;hls match in this child of nature, this woman of the people. Sol had no such fancy, his song, as we know, was a re- ' mlniscenco of his friend and patron Jessop Blythe, Geoffrey's conscience troubled him a littlo, though it is only fair to say that ho had no set design against Adser, nor any seriously formulated intentions one wa , or tho other, hut he permitted himself to become fond of the girl, while he honestly tried to make believe that he was fascin ated w!thvthe historic and artistic attrac tions of Castleton. Geoffrey and Adser had already had many fc quiet taJk. Sometimes he found her at "llelsuro in tho Museum. Now and then ho strolled into tho Cavern, but mostly when other people wero there. Nevertheless, ho made opportunities for chat. Once he had met her near tho Gate of tho Winds, and She had walked with him thence over the top of Mam Tor in tho direction of Peverll's Castle. It was during this pleasant ramblo itbat Geoffrey, in a bantering way, asked !her if she had ever had a swecheart — "be- isldes Mr. Tregarron," with a smile which she did not like. "I wonder why you ask me such a foolish iquestlon," she replied; "do you suppose it is a compliment?" "Well, no," said Geoffrey, taken a little 'Aback. "It's the kind of question' lads out for tho 33ay ask lasses they meet at teetotal trips from Buxton and other places." ; "Is It?" said Geoffrey, amused. "What if I should ask you a question of Jth'at kind?" she said. " "Well, I should endeavor to answer you to .the best of my ability," he replied. \- Adser hated to have Mr. Lathkill speak fto her as if he thought her one of the ordinary silly frivolous lasses that she al lowed were common enough in shops and bars and such like places. Spite of her lowly station and unconventional manners, she was just as proud in her way as the (best lady in the land. Not only in words, irnt in her sudden silences, in protesting '"Ohs," in her quick repartee, and by an occasional toss of her head, she gave Geof frey to understand that i£ they were to he friends he must treat her with respect and consideration; for the more she found lier- 'self liking him, the further indeed that she ''drifted into love with him, the more exact ing she became on this score of courtesy. "Very well, then," she said, looking at him with an arch flash of her eloquent eyes, "have you ewer had a sweetheart?" "Yes, one," he ftald, with acted demure- bees. "Only one?" s'ne asked, raising a cross- bxamlning forefinger. "Only one la- earnest," he replied. . "Anu where is she now?" "I don't know." "Did she jl'it you?" | "No." 4 "Did you," jut her?" "No." "But sKe is not your sweetheart now?" Adser anked, with a little hurry of in creased, interest. "No." "OIL," said Adser, with an unmistak able Sigh of relief. "She was a beautiful girl," said Geof frey, In something of his former tone of banter. "Of course," said 'Adser. - ' "A lovely figure." : !\ "No doubt," said Adser. ! H "The loveliest hair," "Had she really!" said Adser, with! a .little scoffing laugh. "And she could sing divinely.' "I shouldn't wonder," said Adser, "and how came you to let her slip?" "I don't know what she had to her for tune, but quite a largo sum,' said Geoffrey, not noticing Adser's last question. "I wonder that didn't decide you," said .Adser sharply. "Oh, then, you think I would marry for money?" "If you wouldn't, you're a grand ex ception from, all I've heard of men making ,up to rich lasses and widows wi' brass." "Brass?" said Geoffrey. "Money, it's all tho same," said Adser, . 4"we call It brass In the Peak." ' "I'm sorry you havo such a poor opinion of me," said Geoffrey, pretending to bo hurt. "Nay, I dare say you may ho the excep tion to money-marrlers; you're an exception in so many other ways; but what became of yonder lass, you're only sweetheart wl' the fine figure, the lovely hair, and tho dlvino voice?" "I'm afraid she joined the Salvatlen Army," Geoffrey replied, once more ills natural self, with that suggestion of ban ter, however, that troubled Adser, because it seemed like "making fun of her." Ho pleased her most when he was serious, and talked what she called sense, and told lior about some of the wonders he had seen beyond tho seas. "What wl' a tambourine and a great hulking fellow hanging tho drum under her aristocratic nose," Adser exclaimed. "I can't quite say whether It had drums and tambourines In It. but It was some kind of a Salvation Army; I know that I would'nt take the shilling and become a recruit; so we couldn't agreo about it, and " "Don't you think you should tell that story to the marines, as our Zodack Brad ford would say?" "To tho marines?" repeated Geoffrey, mulling at the familiar phrase, that sounded oddly on Adser's lips. "Yes." "And who are your marines In Castle- jton?" "Nay, don't ask me, Zodack will tell you. But you seom to be in one of your funny .IWhlms to-day." "No, I don't think so; If It Is not exactly true to the letter about that sweetheart of mine and the Salvation Army, at all events she had such strange Ideas of evan gelisation and giving up all one's life to the work of the Master, aud so on, that I found It ever I made up my mind to marry her that I should ho a very secon dary. person iu the partnership, so It was off. Not, mind you, Miss Blythe, that I was really In love; no, and havo never been that I know of; though it Is rathor suspicious this long stay I am making in .Castleton, eh?" Adser did not reply, but walked on by his side silently. Then ho attempted to take lior hand; which she resented with l flushed face, and hurried on, as If she would loavo him. "Don't go, Miss Blytlie. Y'ou promised to show mo tho way, you know." "Yondor's Sol Tidser." she said. "He'll show you," and thereupon running towards Sol, who was sitting with a hook In a grassy undulation of tlie mountain walk, she called out, "Sol Tidser, hi!" Sol talcing no notice, she gave out her signal-whistle, that was something lllto a boatswain's call, and Sol looked up. and .was on his crooked legs in a moment. "Sol, lvere's a job tor you." sho said. '"Mr. LaJ.hklll wants you to show, him tho way to the castle — not Castle Hotel— Peve-- ril's, and down t'other side beyond Cave- dale, and Into the highway." "All right; I'm your maD, sir," he said, running back to Lathkill: while Adser, without another word, fairly flew along the ridge, aud soon disappeared beyond the remains of the once gloomy fortress, where suddenly reconnoitring the country far and near, now shading her eyes, and now lying down as if to listen, she dropped down by tho sido of a bit of jutting crag, then sat still a little while; and Anally, In a most mysterious way, slid out of sight alto gether. Old Muckletborpc was not surprised while going Ills rounds with a party of visitors from Liverpool to meet Adser coming from the furthermost end ol tlio cave. It was a trick she had often played liiiu. He novcr could RUCS3 how It was done; and 011 this ocasion he was so pleased to see her that ho did not trouble to say that I10 had not soon her go into the cavern, and no body except himself had the key. She had deserted the post of volunteer guide so long that ho could only exclaim, "I am glad lo see thee, lass; I do hope yo'II help me agin wi' visitors; I'm sore put to it wi'out yo." Adser only laughed, and said she'd see about It; but just thon she had otbor things to attend to. What other things did not transpire. Adser simply walked quietly home, wont to Zodack's room, sat In an easy chair, that ho called her throne, and watched him chasing with a fine-pointed needle a piece of shining mineral that was whirling round and round on his lathe, llko an Impaled deatlisliead moth; ami Ad ser felt as If her own heart was being similarly tortured. CHAPTER XII.— ADSER BLYTHE SITS FOR HER PORTRAIT. It was quite a week after this Incident of tho walk over Mam Tor before Geoffrey had Induced Adser to sit for him In his extemporised studio at the Laurels. He ua.u uune evuryiuing in uis power 10 regain her friendship, though he hardly knew how he had offended her. Once or twice he had made sketches of her at the en trance of the Cavern when he had also been studying, or professing to study, the general effects of the scene. Once he had introduced Tregarron into a group of the ropers and hoping to conciliate the Welsh man had shown him the result, but Tregar ron only scowled at it. and remarked that a photograph was good enough for a rope- maker. Geoffrey was delighted when It was set tled that Adser should sit for hlra. Ho had begun to feel that a day without a talk with the girl was a lonely business. By no means unsophisticated in the art and practice of flirtation, he nevertheless hard ly knew how firmly this girl of tho Cavern had taken hold of his fancy, and how deep an Impresion she was making on his heart. Tho truth is. he did not think about it. Sho amused him. It was a new pleasure to talk to so fearless yet so timid a girl, and one who was so naturally and unaf fectedly beautiful. She seemed to lead him on, and when as: he thought he was surely winning the confidence she would suddenly fly out at him, or sulk, or run away, just as sho had done that day on tho mountain. But Adser was qulto uncon scious of leading him on. She had no subtle plan of' making him love her; but sho was Impressing him In a way that kept her continually In his thoughts. He had quite looked forward to her visit to tho Laurels. When she arrived he plot ted all kinds of subjects for conversation. He liked to hear her talk. Even the blemish of her dialect did not affect him unpleasantly. He found a peculiar music In her voice. Her laugh was genuine and mirthful, and her teeth fairly shone when sho was merry. Geoffrey had never seen a complexion so healthfully pale. It had nothing In common with the enemlc po verty of blood that accompanies the pallor of tbe Londoner. Her lips were red, her eyes bright; and now and then a flush stole into tho fair cheeks, that to Geoffrey seemed perfectly beautiful. Adser was sitting near an open window partly sheltered from the morning sun by an outer blind. She was drossed as Geoffrey had wished in tho brown sergo and old- fashioned sun bonnet In which the artist had first seen lior. They' had chatted about various things while Geoffrey was busy gotting his easel and his paletto ready. Ho was purposely dawdling, and Adser was in a good talking humor. Presently from tho weather and the opposition Adser had encountered at home on Geoffrey's proposal that she should sit to him I10 ashed her who was tho remarkable person they call ed Scarthin Blythe. "Oh, he's a queer lot," said Adser, "he's my uncle, where have you seen him?" "One day coming out of the Cottage, and on another occasion going into the tumble down old place they call The Traveller's Rest. The swinging sign Is still there, hut I didn't notice much in the way of rest for travellers; even tho sign was creaking in a very doleful way." "Yes," said Adser, "it's generally a bit windy there; it's a rum kind of place Scar- tbin's smithy." "Oh, do they call it a Bmithy?" "Some folks do; he's got a bit of a black smith's shop at the back, .where he shoes his own horses; oh, ho's a hard lot Is Scar- thin Blythe; I don't know that any of my family's much to boast of; but even Granny Blythe can't stand Scarthin; though they say he's as rich as a Jew; he's gotten his hand on many a poor farmer's homestead I've heard say; but I don't know much about him except that when he speaks to me I feel as If somebody was walking over my grave. Eh, hut you should go through Wlnnats at night; they call It gato o' the winds, you know; and there's been no end of murders done there; last man killed there, however, was years and years ago; be was In a Glossop hank; he was running away with stolen money; his horse went over a nasty bit right Into the Wlnnats, and he broke his neck; old Scarthin mar ried his widow a month or two after, and made a drudge of her, and she looks as much like a ghost as a real boggart, they say, though I've only seen her about twice. I've heard a deal about boggarts, but I nover saw one; I don't believe in 'em; If thoro'd been such things I should havo oomo across ono for certain in tho Cavern. Eh, but I am chattering; I've never talked so, much to anybody as I havo to you, not ovon to Zodack Bradford." "I llko to hear you talk," said Geoffrey, "besides you havo so much to say that Is interesting to a stranger." "I dare say; I often think Castleton and hereabouts must seem very queer to visi tors, especially if they stay long onough to got to know all about the place." "It Is a very romantic village," said Geoffrey, "and tho people are what you call mostly characters. Now, there's Staloy Brentwood, what Is he?" said Geoffrey, as ho squeezed a fresh tube of color upon his palotte. "He lives retired," Adser replied. "Lives retired?" ropeated Geoffray. "He was Id the Derby police, and mar ried a widow with money." "And why does Mr. Tregarron dislike him so much?" "There are folk a man can't help hating, Zodack says it's their nature." "But was there not something .bout his bolng willing to risk his life for you?" "Who told you that?" "Mucklethorpo." "Ho's a regular old woman for gossip, Mucklethorpo," said Adser, lior eyes bent upon Geoffrey's palotte, which was by this timo radiant with color. "Ho seems a very amiable old fellow," said Geoffrey. "Oh, ho's all right." "But how was It that ho was willing to sacrifice himself?" "Oh, It was just nothing. Tho Cavern was flooded, and tliey thought I was iu Roger Rain's house and couldn't get out; and Staley Brentwood volunteered to go after me, and lie hadn't got as far as first dip in the Cavern when he was washed out liko a drowned rat.' Adser laughed heartily at the memory of Staloy'a appearance on that memorable occasion. It was a musical laugh. Geof frey thought lie had never heard a laugh so genuine and so full of the enjoyment of life. "And where was Tregarron?" "Talking politics with Zodack Bradford." "Anil you? Were you In the Cavern?" "That's telling," said Adser, with a little noil of tho head Implying mystery. "And Is it ever since Staley wanted to save your lire that the Member for Wales hated him?" "They always snarled at each other," said Adser. "But didn't Zodack tell you that old Mrs. Brentwood was jealous of Staley because ho went and half drowned himself?" (To ho continued.) 