A MIRAGE OF MURDER Paoiflo-streot etorte in tho slums, and ran aerosB the city, Tho highest number upon it is 8,026, and thehoase with which this narrative duals is No. 4,313. It stands therefore, exactly half-way between tbe. abodes of poverty and wealth. At tho time of Iho.occurrcnco herein to bo related, it was kept os.a lodging and board ing-place for tnon by, Mrs, James Prowiti, whose long oxpcrciuco had modo her keen and wary. Her guests wcro.of all classes and do scriptions, men rising from tho lower street frequently mooting at Acr table those who wero descending trom tho gentility of tho Avonae. Ono October morning a young man applied to her for auroom. She set her littlo grey oyes sharply upon him, at was bur habit, but saw nothing out of the commonplace. Sho always divided hor patrons into three classes— those coming up from near thcBay, those sinking from tho Avenue, and tbe stationary middfo-olass. She ohrewdly placed this one among the second- cIosb, but that made littlo difference to tier. Ho wis medium in size, with a frank face and a manner which gave her tho impression that he knew what he was about, and was exceedingly wide-awnko in doiug it He said he was a travelling man< could furnish good references and gavo his namo as Harry Mulford. 44 My third-floor front is vacant," Mrs. Prowittsaid, 44 but I usually got fifteen dollars a month for it." 44 This is entirely satisfactory," Mulford replied. 44 The prico is nothing to me, although I shall not occupy the room more than ono night a month But I shall want it kept ready for me, though you are at liberty to use it any night, provided yoa do not receive word of my comiug before sir o'clock. I shall pay you in advaucc, sending you your money by mail ou tho last of ach month." He drew out his purso, couutod 15 dollars upon his knee, and added, 44 Here is tho first month's rent, provided you will let me havo the room." blrs. J?rowitt was too Iceon to lot -such a cbunco slip,, and sho quickly closed the trans- cation. Her vcquiromeut. of references had always been a mero form— often a ruse to get rid of au unpromising applicant. She did uot, therefore, ank Mulford for his, considering his money sufli&faub; endorsement. 44 It 13 probable," said Mulford, as ho de livered the money and rose to leave, 44 that I shall not reappear for doveral months, and if you do not receive fifteen dollarn from mo near the first of any month, you will be at liberty to lot tho room. It is likely that I may send some one occasionally to occupy tho room, bub he will always briog a note from me." This piece of luck was too good for Mrs. Prowitt to keep to herself, &%d it was soon a matter for general discussion around her tables. A man who could affrrt to pay fur a room with out occupying it was a rarity at No. 4313, and Mulford became a mystcfy. The firnt month p&9scd, and tho third-floor front was unoccu pied, except when Mrs. Prowitb quartered a transient. On tho last duy of this month a reg istered letter was delivered to her, from which sho drew three crisp five-dollar bills and a nab? from Mulford, stating that Uo would soon send a friend to tako possession of the room. But when this and several more mouths passed' without other sign or representative of Multord than tho regular letters inclosing the Dills, tbo rcobal of the upper chamber became a sensation. At lost, however, one wiy December afto> noon a little old man appontcd, t-xmging from Mslford a note which stuped nis wish that Mrs. Prowitt would place iu his rocisi fe'ne article that j the bearer would deliver, ami have tho apart- 1 mont kept ready for occupancy. The little oR man wus quiW od& Ho was much Dent a.d very groy. His Heft eyo was blind ; but tbo right, rustles? and twinkling, together: with his whole counton4ncc,mude Mrs. Prowitt think he could tell a great deal, Iff s? minded. He was not so minded; hcw-3vc?s and h-sr questions elicited Gniy amuseeionC; to which hio blindness lent ths uppearaxicc of continual! winking. The nrticle he brought wa? a ?.a?;gs, three fold Japanese ncreeu, highly decorated wir-h gilt birds, reptiles, aud amtniils disporting them selves on a sable ground. After tbe little clo man lmd gone, aud Mrs. Prowitt had sot the screen in Mullord's room, sho wout down to tho tables to oxprcss hor opinion that a Japanese screen waa u queer article for a young man Oo ! send, and tho boarders agreed with her so ctrongly an to repair to tbe upartmcut to icspoct it. The screen was ordinary, yet extraordinary; and curiosity played about the bamboo frame as whimsically ns the golden decorations wiftbiu li. A satchel, or it trunk, or svec a chair wcuSd have aroused simple -?xpr;otatioc. ; but n- Jupuneje scrum,, though not uncommon in a bedroom,, suggested something so decidedly out , of the commonplace that Mu'iford's advent wus V awaitsfi with lively interest. A week patted, ' J:\\-weWf and, though Mrs. Frowitt kjpv gus burning lis thy evenings- hafl fresh water put I dally iata the. pitcher, r.nt hung oleuo towcm j upon thii ruck, neither MuiTok? noirhw>?xiei:tf appeared. v For twolv days she cacf these prepar.ntitrv! I made ; but npon the thirteenth MulJford'o s.ciend j cuius. K? was huVf-past eight who?: 4he maid j' admitted him v. the parlour. At this hour Mi | tte iodgors were out pursuing tfidr various j evening pastimes, except John Buylor, who was j practising upotu hw clarionet iz. his soconci- door rcocn, Prowi-tt went to the pur'oar j expecting te iindi a young man of aboutl Muiford'o age, but she- was surprised to V rsee a gentlomun of probably CJJ. He | was, .bowo7cr, woll-preservwi and active ami j was dressed very much boc'oo- than any one sho v had ovor lodged. Thcro was an unmistakable air of t-he Avenue about him that sot Mrs. I'ro- \sitt to thinking sho had seen bint otnr&c; and to wondoriug whore it had been. He curried u bulging blue-bag of h3av> material, and his whole bearing aud appearance were thoce of a basy lawyer, Mrs, Prowitt made these obscrva- iionB-distinctly, as was hor habit, but la tor oc currences indented them in her mind. In re. jating exactly how the old lawyor cnterod tho parlour, bow ho talked, and in describing him, she always had difficulty putting one fuot into words. 44 Somehow," sho always said, 44 ho. made mo creep. Ho Bat right in front ol me and ho seemed to be thcro like any other roan, but there was' somotliiug or other about him that inado him scorn unreal, a kind of strange shadow of arichold mun I had seen upon thoAvcnuo.His voice, too, sounded kind and unnatural ; some thing like an echo of a real voice-spcuking away off somewhore. I thought at first that he was only aboent-mindod, bub the more I looked at biro tho more plainly I saw that thero was seme- thing about him I could not explain, and; can't now. . Ho gavo her a noto in.Mulford's hand, mere ly introducing him as the friend who desired to occupy . his room: for 'tho 'night, and he wonld consider it a 'favour if 'MxaFrowitt would mako him comfortablo and ' let Rim havo all ho might wish. " ,4>Is there anything you want mo particular ly to do ?" Mrs. Frowitt usked him. Sho has alwoys laid great stress uponvthu fact that Bho obsorved everylhing that; occurred that night accurately, and has been unvarying in her nar rative. 44 Is there a table in the. room ?" tho lawyer asked, absently. 44-Ycb ; Mr. Mulford requested mo,. to put ono iniorhim." 44'JThat:is well. Then all I wish is to bo.cn- tlrcl7 uudi9turbo(t I have. many papers to ox. 1 amino to-uigbt," bo said, tappuig the blue bag "-Lam-engaged on tc matter. of vaBt importance to a wealthy cotatc, and I Bhall ask you to seo that no ono is admitted to the room. Iqui ESfcLtotyvork jfyou pleajg,!!. Mrs. Prowitt showed him to the third floor front, turned up tbe light, and before leaving, saw him take frona the bag a large bundle of papers, tied with pink tape, and lay them busily upon the tablo. Ho thon pulled up a chnir and sat down. Sho noticed that the Japanese screen stood about three feet from the baok of bis . obair, and about two feob from tbo wiudows, Tbe weather being cold, tho sashes wore down and locked, and tbe lower inside shutters drawn aud latched. There was a sheer descent from the windows to tho pavement, with no outsido ledge below them, so that it was impos sible for anyono to have outcred tbo room through thorn. Mrs. Frowitt has been unwav ering in this statement, as well aB in declaring that no ono was hidden behind the sorecn or elsewhore in the room when she admitted the lawyor. It was ouly a fow minutes aftor nine when sho left the old man intently engaged ovor bis papers. On hor way downstairs she stopped in Mr. Baylor's room to tell him that Mulford's Iriond bad come Sho did so, she has said, not because thoy had all looked for him so long, but because the man had given her a queer feeling of dread that sho could not throw off. She naturally wondered what could have brought so rich a lawyer to her houso ; but it was not this query that made her uneasy. She told Baylor of this strange impression, and of tho faot that, while with the oldlawyer in the room, sho had a creepy notion that she was en tirely alone, although he had been plain to hor oyes, She noticed that he walked vigorously, : but his steps had been surprisingly faint, and tbe papers lmd not rattled when he took them from the bag. She was very nervous. She did not boliere iu ghosts, sho declared, but certainly this was the strangest lodger she had ovor had in her houso. She was afraid some thing dreadful might bappeu, and she asked Baylor to keep his duor open and to walk up the Rtairway occasionally and listen. He promised to do so, and she loft him. At II o'clock she hurried bck and said : " Would you mind going with me to Mr. Mulford's room and listen outside tbe door ? I jpaut to know whether that old man is sleep ing, I jcq from tbf pavement outside that he has turned the gas out." 44 That caunot be," Baylor answered, excited ly. 44 1 walked up the stairs not more that five minutes ao and ,saw his light Bhiniug through tho transom.0 14 Saw his light ?" echoed Mrs. Frowitt, in an awed whisper. "It was just about five minutes ago that I looked from the pavement outsido und bis windows were darjr. Are you sure you saw tbo light ?" 44 Yes ; but I could not hear a sound inside tho room." 14 Mr. Baylor, ther6 Is something terrible iu the air 'so- night, and £ toll what it is. Let us go up there and listen." Tbey ascended to Blulford's room. Bright light >vas shining through the transom. Mrs. Fro'vit knocked tbreb times, but received no answer. Then aho cailed,but the room remain ed perfectly silent. ' l wornd like you to look over tho transom, Mr. Baylor;" rd.o 3uid. 44 Thero is something mysterious hero." Buylor Drought to tha door two chairs that we7o standing in Glxs halV and, stopping upon one; looked through fin? transom. He started, and nslcea Mrs. Frowitt to gat upon the other and look. Thoy saw tbo old lawyer stilt sitting at tbe table with bundles of legal papers before ktrr.. He was toe deeply engaged to notice that his long grey hair had slipped down over his forohead and almost overhung his eyoa. As tbey looked from his peaceful face to the dnru- n.on.ts bi'furo himr Mrs. Frowitt started violent ly, caught Baylors arm, and said : Look afc his hands. Ho is mukiug the motions of writing, bit chore is no pen in bis hand, He £a ." She faltered from fright, &nd; Baylor said .; 44 He is & madman, Mrs. Frowitt," 44 No he is worse than that. He is not a real man. Something awful is going to happen to night, X did no>i quita trust 4hut ttian Mulford. from tho start. Why should he have rented this room and act v7ccupied it, if everything had been right. This It terrible. Look here. Did you see the screen move ? " 14 No, I did not, but—" Ho tfopp.d abruptly. For two hands rose from behind the acrcen, and, catokiug eta ex- ftrcmo on dr. listen ib from the floor0 nod carried it otealthily tovrnrfc tha old man, Thoy woro i targe a.id muscular, ugly and grimy — .'uch jj bauds us would delve in the slimo turd fice of| the rower s'-reri;.. With the crceplcoyi of his | hnods, tho perjou behind tn<< screen was laid- j iter, until ht had oarrisd it nofaelcBsiy and stealthily, until it almost touched Van o'td mau'? I chair. There tbe hands stopped it, and stood I it'6ccute)y, and instantly o h&ad; rose from be- jj hind it. Tho terrible fue#; held th two out- \ Hide watchers motionless The viiencss and wickoductu of .toe slnms was graend into each j blutokei and Moated feature. Tbe torribio creature looked l'oc some raim;t&aup;,m tuo old lnwyev with a lcorot murderous triumph. Thcr., with i-s huvriblf smile of nnfitafccMon, the man j raised His right arm high over tho screen, his dirty talbn-lilcs hand clutching u dagger. Mr. PrtswiUt shrank ivK.ti a aweam fro sr. the sights aurij feL to a sitting posture uporc her chair ; wkiic Baylor, aroused to action, pcraded npon the gliiG? of truwom ntui kicked door, but too old lnwyer otnuinae jJ-cicn- :s»ly writing at cho table, and tic assuMki was not stayed fin tts purpose. Wirh a dwift, skii- iil stro«3 tbe xnifo fril, and Baylor <aw it sick r, into ctu- InwywcVa orenst, aw bira writbs upou tbeahair aud foil te tafc flooi, Hg soaped from I '-he ohuir r.ud 'threw bimseif ag&zst; the door, bat ill vtii'-zzl.QCsl "uKf foroa, 44 Ho»p ron here, Mrs. Frowitt," '.le cnod. 44 Tho lawyer has been murdered. Tbftdoor is locked, upon the Inside. Help uifc'break It j in." Their united streogtb at last broke the lock, | and tho door swuug in. Baylor book one ropid j stop forward, but atoppod upon the ail! with a I startled cry. The room was dark and silo-ic. No moah or souud of death-struggling came from tho murdered man under the tablo, 44 A match, Mrs. Frowitt," ho said ; 44 for the love of hcnVen, lot us have a light. hero I" 44 Thero is a mntoh-safe over the washrsand in tho corner," gasped the landlady. For a fow moments Baylor groped in the blackness for a match. At. last he struck one, and tho gas puffed up. Ho shrank bock against tho wall by thu door. Tho room waf, entirely deserted; tbe table was bare oflegui papers ; the screen stood ic lts place near the > window ; and thcro was no body of u mur dered man upoc> tho floor, nor any blood cr other trace of him. Tho room was precisely as it had been beforo'tho lawyor camo. In. tho'.Eoidst of an anim&tod; .discussion, lat Mrs, Frowitt's tablo next morning, of the strange /crime, ono of tho boarders, who had already broakfuittod and gone out, rushed back with a paper, which, uuder display head-lines, told'ot the brutal murder. of Abel Christiunsoa, one of tho city's noted'lawycrs. It detailed how ho had beeu.sittiugin the study at his home on the; avenue, going over somo valuable papers in tho matter of a vast ostato in litigation. The murderer had entered through a window, had 'crept upon' Mr. Christiausea undor covcr.of a Japaucso". screen that stood behind his chair, and had struck bicn to the heart with a dagger. The aasassin, who had osoapqd with all tho papors, was supposed to bo ouo of tho heirs to , the property and one of tbo most dangerous criminals of tho slums. I About 10 o'clock on tbo samo morning tbe 1 littlo old roauAy.t#,b&9ijl I appeared at No. 4313, saying that Mr. Mulford I had sent him tor it. | 44 1 don't know that I ought to let yon have it," said Mrs. Prowitt. 44 Why not ? " asked tho little old man, with a queer twinkle of his unbliudod eye. 44 Thero was a terrible murder on tho Avenno last night by a man who stabbed » lawyor from behind a Japanese soroon, and I and one of my lodgers saw tho vision of a roan como from be hind Mr. Mulford's screen and kill a strange old man who had como ss Mr. Mulford's friond." 14 It is certainly remarkable," said tbe littlo old man, winking his blind eyo ; 44 but yon cer tainly won't keep Mr. Mulford's screen just be cause you saw a vision." 44 Go up for it, then, for I won't touch it," said Mrs. Frowitt. 44 1 will be glud to b&ve; the terrible thing .out of my bouso. If I wasn't afraid of it I would not-let you havo it," When tho little old man reappeared, carrying tho screen, she said ' If I could see how there could be any con nection between this scroon and the ono on tbo Avenue I would keep yuu here and send for the police." 44 1 don't see what ponsiblo conueotion there oould be," said tbe littlo old man, ducking his hand sidewise and squinting at bur quizzically. 14 If I could 1 wouldn't ask you for the ccreeu. But 1 will ask Mr. Mulford, and if there is, of coarse I'll come around and tell. you. By the way, he says you neod not keep tho room for him any longer." And picking up tho soreon ho briskly walked away, 