A iftY SERMON. GLORIA IA BXCELSIS DET. It is the eve of Christmas again, and everywhere the supreme prevailing force is sweetness and light—symbolic of Him who centuries ago was born, and of whom the Beloved said He was "the" True Light, which lighteth every man that comcth into the world." There is no place for misery, no Toom for weary doubt, for morbid thought at Christmastime %-the incense of happiness rises heavenwards, and .people forget for a brief time all the" troubles of the past, and unite wiili a common impulse to.sing in spirit the glorious anthem," Glory to .Gorl in the highest, and on earth peace, good-will .toward men." This is the universal spirit of ChrisfcmaE, the most human and kindly of the 6orisons, when men live in the presentaudihe future, just as Scrooge did; when memory, with its tender, loving generosity, recalls the past, and ghostB of many Christmas days long gone revisit us, and are not unwelcome giusts. The season could not be the most beautiful of the festivals if it were doctrinal, or dogmatic. or theological, or local. No, it is an universal holiday, reminding us of old time traditions, which peep out of the mists of long past centuries, blending all creeds together, and teaching us to realise the full meaning of the message, Before Abraham, was I Am." It is the celebration of the most momentous fact since the " great world was sent spinning down the grooves of change," for beside the adrentof the Man—GodaUotheroccurrences in history are dwarfed into insignificance. If it were the mission of the journalist to dwell npon the sacred character of Christi- anity, we might quote the words of eminent divines, and indulge in learned reflections upon them. Such is not the purpose of this article, which is to offer a few seasonable reflectionsupon the life and teachings of Him who taught the gospel ot the universal brotherhood of man, who was the Child of the people, and who was put to death by the. classes because he denounced their greed, and glutton r, and shams, and wanton cruelty. He led His little band of followers in the work of reforming hnman nature, preaching not the old Mosaic doctrine of retaliation, bat of doing good, of persevering in well doing, of risking hatred and even death in the cause of truth and justice. In a word, the doctrine of Jesus was pure socialism, and was far and away in advance of those theories at which timid Christians tremble and shiver in this enlightened nineteenth centurv. Is it Tent that is in question? What about the birds of the air ? They do not gather into barns or accumulate "surplus values" for landlords. Yet there is a Providence in the care of these also. If it is a question of interest— 11 lend, hoping for nothing again, and your reward shall be great." If the object is " profit"—then " do. onto others as you would that they should do. unto you." What other system of philosophy can compare with this? Where can the relative duties of wealth and power, of capital and labor, be so clearly expressed as they were in the Sermon on the Mount; and if some men during the course of the centuries have distorted His words and hidden their purpose; yet their meaning rings out clear, bell-like, and distinct in every honest protest against tyrannical and unjust laws, and every effort for the accomplishment of the happiness of the great human fondly. And tie triumphs of these efforta are the triumphs of the philosophy of Christ, the abiding influence of the gospel taught by the carpenter's Son. It may be that it is the growing tendency of modern thought to dissociate the hnman from the divine clement in the teachings of Christ; nay, even to set aside the divine inspiration altogether as non-essential to its efficacy. It may be that the churches themselves are not wholly free from this spirit. With that, as I have alreadv indicated, it is not my province to deaL The one tiling certain is that though rationalism should finally succeed in divesting . Christianity of itE divine sanction,-the centuries to come will not bring forth, as the past eighteen centuries have failed in producing, any moral law- giver whose fine and lofty ideal can hope to supersede that of Him whose birth anniversary we -celebrate at the closing festival of the year. Apart, then, altogether from the divine aspect of the festival, and viewing the Christus only as a man, we §nd in His won'.s and teachings the germ of the creed of socialism for which men have been banished, and ill-treated, and killed, and for the exposition of which they are even to-day regarded as dangerouB to the well-being of the State. Doss it ever occur to those who yield implicit reverence to the creed of Jesus in their churches, and keep it there, that in denying the efficacy of the social teachings of the Founder of their faith they are, unconsciously perhaps, reproductions of the Scribes and Pharisees whom He condemned) Will they never understand that the greed and oppression against which ha inveighed is the same yesterday and to-<iay as it was when He threw the money-changers oat of the temple, and sat at meat with publicans and sinners rather than with those who destroyed the people and grew wealthy upon their Tuin ? Let these, and such as these, then, recall the answer given by the confessor to the neophyte who asked him what was the central truth of Christianity. "Charity," was the reply. Charity which means love, and love which means the spirit of universal fraternity. Let them reflect that the almsgiving, which is the technical Interpretation of the word, is but a symbol of that giving of the heart, and soul, and jfife to" help qthers, of which tlje supreme sacrifice of Christ is the accepted'type. The dav that commemorates His birth is the day of'days, with its lovely legends, its quaint customs, and its hallowed associations, for these again are but the signs and symbols, the flower and fruit of Christmas, when we, like the shepherds of old, can hear the angel saving, "Behold, I bring you tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you is born this day, in the city of David, a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord." Listen! Can yon. not hear the swelling sound; it comes from the four corners of the earth, it ascends to the very heavens, and is caught up by a multitude of angels, and there is one mightly acclaim from earth and heaven, from cherubim and seraphim, and men and women,and little children, "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good-will toward men." So may the Saviour be born to us again in this Christmastide of 1895. —Bokald W. Smith. 