:ICTION. A HOUSE OF MYSTERY. peoially written for the Examiner and Tasmanian. [By G. W. WoonsTON.] Author of " Transported for Life," " A Yule-tide Experience." It wad Christrias Eve, 1885-just 10 gears ago-that there befel me the strangest adventure of my life. I had only arrived in the colonies a month before, and was therefore unaware of the total absence of superstition in the Australian character; I had likewise to learn that Australian landlords are not always puticular as to the truth or other wise of reports relating t) h-ues owned by them; mere especially if those houses happen to be on the list of ' to lees." .Perhaps had I be.n a little better ac. Quaintel with these two phases of colonial Character, there never would have tran red.the most uncanny and weird adven ture I have ever experienced. Well, it was this way :-In the month of August, 1885, finding the medical professioa in London rather crowded out by scores of young doctors like myself, the extent of whose practice, where such existed,. barely afforded the neces:ities of life, 1 d~cided to ee.k "fresa fields and patients new," to vary the old quotation, in far away Australia, and the end of September saw my wife and am with our belongings aboard the Ophir en route to PMelbourne. Our passage out was an uneventful one, and November 5 found us at the Coffee Palace, Melbourne, prior to settliag upon a place for the practice of my professiLn. Next morning, as a preliminary proceed ing, I was casually glancing down the oblumns of the Argus when my attention was arrested by an advertisement inviting applications for the position of medical adviser t) a benefit society some miles up country at a plac3 which we will ca:l Iavoola. Turning .to my wife I said, "Annie, dear, here's just the very thing for an opening. Suppose I send is an applica tion." " Weil, it would do no harm, and who knows but what you would succeed ?" she replied. Acting upon my wife's advice I imme diately sent eff an application, along wish certificates and testimonials, of which I had any quantity, as the limited time for receiving applications expired on the morrow. ;Atter spending a few days seeing the sights of Melbou:no, hunting up friends, etc., one morning I had the gratifi Cation to roc3ive a letter notifying my appointment to the position, and also requesting meto enter upin my duties as soon as pos=ible. Tee latter request fitted in very well with my existing circumstances, as, not baing a Crcesus in any sense of the word, it behoved me :o lose no time in mak ing my position secure by commencing work Next day, accordingly, we ran up to Kavoola. and began to search about for a suitable residence. Now, Kavcola is anything but a pictu. resque town, and the houses ther in are much in harmony with the township's general appearance.Uur search thereforewas not very successful, and the only place at all suitable-and it was an unpromising looking mansion sure enough-had the reputation of being haunted, bat as it was the only residence we coul obtain, haunted or not haunted we decided Annie and Ito make it our place of abode until a lucky tarn of "fortune's wheel" opened the way to build a more p etentious mansion, for under existing conditions we could not afford tobe over-lastidious as to neighbour hood or appearances. The house in its.,l was, I date say, built strongly enough to withstand a monsoon or tropical cyclone, but there, was a rather forlorn look about it that was a very bad advertisement for its occupsacy by anyone who could afford better, but as I before remarked our means did not allow of our taking notice of this. In a couple of days, therefore, there was a brass plate by the gateway, with the words" Dr.,Cole,M.D.," thereon, and Annie and I were trying to feel we had lived there all our lives. We found the house had been kept in a fairly good state of repair, in hopes, I suppose, of its letting a little paint and scouring being all the was required to make it perfectly endurablt and when the little space Qf ground il front had been cleared of griss and accumulation of rubbish and weeds and planted with a few flowers and shrubs the whole place assumed qaita a different aspect. The house was not large, but our stook of furniture being smail we found this to be an advantage rather than otherwi-e; and so after a few weeks we began to feel quite comfortable in Mortimer House, as,we foundlit had always been called. A fortmnght had slipped away thus in making alterations and improvements, and I had got well over the strangeness of my frst practice among a new people when the initial trouble in our domestic arrange ;ients took place. We had secured the services of a strong Irish girl as domestic, and she, being a typical serving maid, for I suppose they're als alike, soon brought heoms information with sundry additions of the Kavoola gossip in regard to the ghostly character of MIortimer House. Hence, one night, after being kept out rather late by an important case, I was surprised upon reaching home to find my wife in a state of extreme nervousness, and pale as death. Noticing this I asked?" Well, Annie,dear, 'why so pale; aren'tyou well?' ' Oh Harry, I am afraid we will never be able to stop in this hou-e," sa.d she. "Tut, but! what nonsense have you got bold of now," I said. "Oh! rasrgaret has been tolling me the place is haunted, and that every Christmas Eve a spectre is to b seedn stalking Ithrough the house, and looking from the ·windows. They also say a murder must have been committed here at some time or other, and the spirit of the victim haunts its former home." Now, I never $was mush of a believer in ghosts or spiritualism, but I confess this rather took me aLack. "On Christmas Eve," and here we were, December 10, only a fortnight froo that date-within a fortuight, of the ghost's wisit. Not letting my wire eos that I was codeerned in any way, I put on a cheerful bearing, and tried to laugh it off by setting it down as simply o~untryside supereti zion. The news of the place being hanuted was not altogether fresh to me, as I had been told when taking the house by come people living not far away that it bore an uncanny reputation, which upon being so tailed by me to the landlord was flatly denied, Being assured by him that the house was alright, and the idea of ghosts being scouted by almost all the people I met in Kavoala, I thought no more about it until this night, when the subject was again suggested by my wife's narration. From this out we began to feel uncom fortable in our new home. Each night there seemed to be the shadow of a shadow-for I can call it by no other name-which fell with the departure of day, and crept like an impalpable veil over the whole place and its inmates, vanishing when the sun's grays of early morning began to glint along the window panes. But for this sombreness of night time everything might have rolled on decrously and evenly as in any place on earth, at least so I thought, being blissfully ignorant of what was to happen within the noxea fortnight. At last as this nameless some thing which was cmntained in the words "Christmas Eve," drew near Ife became unendurable. I therefore determined for my wife's sake to make up a party to keep up Christmas Eve, in good old English style, the Yule log exceptes, the weather being rather too hot for that; and although wejhad not been long in the place, I felt pret*yconfident of being able tosecurea goodly number of ladies and gentlemen who were sufficiently endowed with nerve to spend Christmas Eve at Mortimer House, its reputation notwithstanding. In addition to this my old college chum Tom Wiiks was down in Melbourne, and I decided to ask him to come up and spend Christmas with us. When I made known this plan of mine to drive away the ghost there was great satis faction manifested on the part of Margar et, and I could read my wife's thanks in the mute language of love in her eyes. Thursday morning, December 24, found us all prepared to thoroughly enjoy Christ mas, notwithstanding the Yuletide ghost, and Tcm Wilkes was keeping us very lively by his sp'endid fund of anecdote and wit. Tom had come up the previous day, and had been engaged since in decorative work. Christmas Tree, etc., under my wife's direction. After dinner, our guests not being ex pected until evening, Tom Wilke and I went upon a tour of inspec'ion around Karoola, Tom being much impressed by the absencea of everything English-like, the while vividly reciting some of the Christmas stories he had heard for years p'st. It was s:x o'clock when we returned home, and we had no sooner got inside than I could see that something unusal had cccurred, as my wife looked ill at ease and nervous, and I had not long to wait before hearing the cause. "Such a strange thing, Harry !" she said, and looking exceedingly frightened the while. "I was just putting a few finishing touches to the Christmas tree, when all at once, about .an hour ago, I heard footsteps in the passage, as of a heavy woman walking from the door and through in*o one of the back rooms; and then after a few moments I heard a scream, and a woman's voice in piteous accents crying cut and speaking as it were in an appealing voice, although I could not distinguish the words. It was no delusion; I heard it as plainly as I now hear myself speak." "But why did you not summon Mar garet P" said I, looking very queerly at Tom Wilks. " Becsuee I was too frightened to move. I was utterly unable to stir even a step towards the do)r. Wo may depend upon one thing-that the place is haunted right enough, and some awful thing has hap pened here years ago, and is being re enacted in the spirit world every Christ mastide. Turning to Tom Wilks I said, " What are your thoughts upon it, Tom?" "Well," said he, " I hardly know what to think. I never had much faith in the etherial bodies or spirits, but I confess this beats all my reason into fits. The best thing we can do is to have a good look around the house, and if we can unearth no clue say nothing about it to the other guests and await further developments. With this we reassured ourselves and prepared to have a thorough search and find, if it were possibl', a rational ex planation for this mystery, for we could call it by no other name. Room after room we searche!-parlour, dining-room, sitting-room, and almost every apartment in the place were examined' but without any resu't. Everything, if it were not for the shadow or aspe.t of gloom before mentioned, seemed in a natural position. We were just on the point of returping to the sitting room to acquaint iiy wife with the result of our scareh, when it suddenly struck me that we had for gotten to examine the lumber closet, as we termed it. This war a room very much out of the way,and we had turnedit into a kind of storing place for odds and ends. Calling Tom Wilks's attention to this, we de termined to make our tour of inspection complete by examiningthe remaining room. Not that we expected to make any discovery there, for our faith in my wife's story hAd been waning all the while, and we were beginning to think she had b:en hoaxed or the victim to some hallucination. However, I shall never forget my feelings when once I entered that awful place, and the icy chill which crept through my very marrow will remain vividly impressed upon my memory until my dying day. As Tom iilks and I entered we both felt an awful chill, as it were of death, come over us; an indefinable dreadful something that made us turn white scared faces towards each other and shiver as with ague. And a strange thing happened just here. As I began to wonder what would come next, I suddenly felt that the room was changing in its general as pect. The room itself was there truly, but I toloose sight of all the lumber and seemed rubish,whilo furniture and pictures of costly kind were brought before me, as if by a magician's wand. Over the old mantel there hung a picture of Lord Byron,whilst around the room the:e were dotted paint ings in miniature and ornaments, which gave evidence of both wealth and taste. And I felt at that moment a vision of the past had bean revea'ed to me, and that the mystery which pertained to our hcme would soon be cleared away, and the shadow lifted from our hearts and lives. After this the vision vanished, the place resumed its wonted appearance, and turn ing to Tom I asked if heohad seen the same p!cture, but found that it had been hidden from him, the only sense of any thing unnatural experienced by him being the icy charnal.houce feeling which struck uo upon our entrance. After t 1 ing Tom of my cxpericnce, slowly and ill at ease, with a premonition of something about to happen, we mode cur way back to the sitting-room anm rejoined my wife, but were careful not to arcquaint her of our adventure in the lumber room, as Ithought it was unnecessary to unnerve her. Seven o'clock saw the arrival of our first guest, the Rev. M]r Thornton, a gentleman whose friendship I prise very much, and one whom I found a pleasant companion as well as willing helper in time of trouble. It was therefore only natural that I should inform him about my vision, and ask his advice, the result being that we decided if anything further mysterious took place that he,TomWilks,and myself were t) go together and watchthe lumber-room and clear up this ghoulish enigma if possible. Shortly after this the other guests pat in an appearance, and the old house was soon reverberating withsounds of song and merriment, which made one forget for the time being all about the other world, so intent were we in grasping the pleasures of the present hour." The fun waxed fast, Christmas jokes, Christmas stories, Christmas songs were the order of the hour, and Old England's immortal yuletide was never better cele brated than it was that evening. But the time fle v by, and at last 11 o'clock came, and with it a craving desire for ghost storie-, Then the nervous ness and timidity of the weak members of our party began to show themselves. Ladies drew their chairs closer together whilst the more superastitiou~ of the sterner sex cast furtive glances in the direction of the door. Dickens's Christmas tales were repeated, and Rip Van Winkle, along with the legends of -' Ould Ireland," came in for their share of appreciation; but just at this juncture a startling interruption took place. A bleak draft came through the room, and with it the sound of footsteps. Pit, pat, pit, pat, they soundel as of a woman, weary and despairing, while at the same time there seemed to pervade the atmosphere that indescribable odour of death which most of us have experienced at some time or other. Fear was depicted on every cheek; there was a sinking in every heart, and we held our breath for an instant as the footsteps died away, but we three, Mr Thornton, Tom Wilks, and myself, glanced at each other meaningly as the sounds retreated towards the lumber-room. Rising quietly, and reruesting the gentleman present to stay with the ladies, we three made our way noiselessly in the direction of the haunted room. I may as weal confess at once this was not done without conuiderable trepidation; but we had nerved ourselves for the task and were determined to carry it through. As we crept noiselessly for ward we could no longer hear the footsteps, but this time voices, one the pleading tones of a woman, and, oh ! they were so piteous "Forgive m,, father," they said," for give, as you hope to be forgiven by Heaven." But the other voice was harsh and unre lenting; "Go from my presence, base daughter. You who have brought shame upon our family and dish:rour to my name. I shall never forgive you." And then we came nearer, and entered the room. Ah, what a scene lay before me. Toe room beautiful as in my first vision, but this time, on the one side a commanding stern - looking man whose eyes and whole demeanour betokened pas sionate anger, while bMf)re him, kneeling at his feat, was the form of a young girl, but upon whose face were stamped indelible marks of sin, shame, sorrow, and remorse. It was a heart- rending scene. And now the girl again spoke. " Father," said she, "let me appeal to you, for my mother's sake, take me back. i've sinned, bat, oh ! I have paid the penalty; how have I suffered. Forgive me !" But no, the fountain of a father's love had dried up leaving his heart harsh and as hard as adamant. "I spurn you. Go from my presence. Henceforward you are no daughter of mine, I disown you," said he. And then seeing the hope was dead the poor creature slowly drew herself upright and stood facing him. " Father !" she cried, " you have slain me by your harshness. You might have saved me from a life of shame and made me happy, but instead you have only given me your curse; knowing that I cannot live, death were far better." Saying which she pro duced a phial, and quick as thought drank its contents. A few struggles, a few broken sentences, and all was over. It was death, and the end of a broken life, a victim to a parent's harshness. All the while this was being enacted we dared not speak, but stood spell-bound, rivetted by this repetition of a tragedy which must have taken place long years before. Gazing yet I waited breathlessly for the next act of this realistic vision, and it was not long in coming. Standing stidl for a moment, like one in a dream, the father viewed his work, and then the awfulness of his own harshness seemed only to dawn upon him, and then he mutt Bred slowly, " And is this the end. God help me ! God help me I" And now, though unreconciled in life.the patent's affection found vent in death, and with a cry of detpair he raised the inani mate form and placed her on a couch near by, but the revulsion had come too late; she was dead, and no amount of forgive. ness or repentance could bring her back. With b'anched face and bent head he raised himself, went to a writing desk, and from one of its drawers brought forth a pistol. I kaew in an ins'ant what was coming. Piacing it to his head, a sharp report, a long drawn sigh, another death struggle, and the tragedy was complete, and with it was the mystery of Mortimer House ex. plained. And now, as suddenly as it had changed before, did the old lumber-room resume its, natural aepoct. The spell was broken, and turning to my companions, I asked if they had seen it, but found as before that I was the only one to whom the vision was re vealed, although they had heard all that had passed down to the report of the pistol. Feeling that all was over we made our way beck to the guests, to whom I related my story, which you may be sure added much to the contagion of fear already felt, No time was lost in the breaking up of the party, all being no doubt greatly relieved to find themselves well away from the house of mystery. Noe, the strange part about the whole affair was my being the only one who wit nessed the tragedy right through, which circumstance made me think I must be endowed with the gift of second sight. I determined to prove this by making enquiries tasto the truth of the Yu'etido tragedy, so soon as we could get away from the honuse and settle down In a new residence. This time I determined to make enquiries as to character and reputation of both house and landlord, as I had had quite enough of haunted houses for my life time. Within a week we had shifted our residence, and the brass plate with its polished surface was courting the rays of the morning sun a good half mile from MIortimer House. Tom Wilks and I after this made strenu ous efforts to find cut if such a tragedy had ever taken place, and after we had almost; given up in despair, one day we came across a very old man who, hearing we were making enquiries regarding Mor timer House, related to us that many years ago a wealthy o'd settler had made his home there, and that after a while his wife had died, and his daughter had run away from home, ending with the awful drama I had seen re-enact.d that Christmas Eve. After this, no tenant b3ing forthcoming, in a short time Mortimer House was pulled down to make ro)m for a more modern, and it is to be hoped less uncanny, residence. Thus ends the most unnatural instance of what men call spook experiences I 'ever heard of, neither do I care for a repetition. The power of second sight no doubt ex plains my vision, but Mortimer House was non- the lees a Bouse of Mystery; [rHE END.] 