Market Reserve Leases THE COUNCIL'S DETERMI NATION. — — An Illegal Vote. MAYORAL CARELESSNESS. Appeal to the Full Court. COSTS DIVIDED. A Late Council Sitting. Before the business of the Municipal Conncil commenced yesterday afternoon, the Mayor asked leave to make a personal statement. He said he had been advised by the Town Solicitor that the voting at the last special meeting ot tne conncil, wnen the Market Reserve leases was bronght up, was illegal. Only four aldermen had voted for the resolution, and consequently the motion was not carried. As otber indivi duals were concerned besides the council the Town Solicitor bad advised that it would be beat to pnt the decision beyond the shadows of a doubt. Conse quently he (the Mayor) had decided to bring the matter up at a later Htage t natai tor- noon, and, he added, he did not intend to move the amendments be had at the special meeting, as the moiion evidently voiced the council's wieh. The difficulty had arisen through his own negligence in not seeing that tbe aldermen voted. Tbe Local Government Act was very clear npon the point — that the resolution muat be carried by a majority of the conncil. Being only carried by fonr votes, in this case, it was / not properly passed. Alderman M'Laugh- lin questioned the necessity of moving f dither ia the matter, but was silenced by the Mayor saying that at that stage all he wished to do wa3 to make a personal state ment. Messrs Bees R. and Sydney JoneB, writing on May 9, stated that they had seen ia tbe newspapers a report of the proceedings of the special meeting of the conncil, from which they learnt that all the aldermen were present, and that the reso lution was passed on tbe votes of Aldermen Williams, Fiddes, Littler and M'Laughlin ; as against the Mayor and Alderman Kasoh ; tbe three other aldermen, Messrs Boreham, Bream and Higson, not voting. The solicitors added that they were strongly inclined to the opinion that ao these three latter aldermen did not vote, the resolution was not carried by a majority of the aldermen present. The Local Government Act of 1878 had no direct section on tbe point. Section 133 was imperative that " all the councillors present shall vote," and that " the qneation most be deoided by a majority of the connoillors present." Tliey had therefore, in order to have matters made clear, postponed the summonses for judgment until Mr Justice Harding's next chamber day, May 20. # # # Alderman M'Langhlin said this was the strangest letter he had ever beard read. What right bad the Town Solicitor, he asked, to be guided by newspaper reports ? The fact that the Mayor had declared the motion carried, and that it appeared so in the minutes was quite sufficient. He bad never beard of a more ridiculous letter. Alderman Higson agreed with this state ment. He said neither of the reporters of the daily papers knew how the voting had gone at the special meeting. As a matter of fact, they had both asked him which way he had voted. It was an impertinent letter. The faot wa9 fonr aldermen voted for the motion and two against, and four to two gave a majority. Alderman Littler endorsed Alderman Higson's statements generally, but, as a matter of faot, be maintained that five voted for the motion, and ho was prepared to make an affidavit - to that effect. # Alderman M'Langhlin said if the reM porters were to decide the resolutions of the conncil the sooner the council altered the bylaws the better. The Mayor said he did not Fee the voting as stated by Alderman Littler. Tbe fact was that alder men bad been somewhat lax in the matter of voting of late. If he had ever known, he had forgotten, that the Local Govern ment Act required a motion to be carried by an absolute majority of the conncil. But he would not forget it in future. 4 Subsequently the Mayor bronght up the question again, and asked the oonnoil to vote. Alderman M'Langhlin repeated that it seemed to be giving the reporters more credence than the members of the council. The Mayor said that was not so. The Town Solicitor had asked him whether . there was an absolute majority in favor of the motion granting the conco-sion, and he could not say yes. Alderman Williams said if the Town Solicitor bad a doubt he was quite right in calling attention tp the matter, in order to prevent future trouble. He moved the reception and adoption of the report as presented at the special meet ing. Both Alderman Fiddes and Alder man M'Langhlin wished to second the motion, bnt tbe former prevailed, and then Alderman M'Laughlin once more stated that be did not believe the Town Solicitor .was justified iD his aotion. Was he going; :to dictate to the conncil through the reporters, who sometimes were right and sometimes were wrong f If so, they had better hand over the proceedings to tbe reporters. Alderman Littler iaogmngly saggested that the reporters should be made members of the 'conncil. Alderman M'Langhlin, speaking with regard to tbe voting at the special meeting, said he did not wonder there was some confusion, for he believed one alderman did not know whioh way he voted. (Laughter.) The motion for the reception and adoption of the report presented to the special meeting was then put and oarried, " unanimously," empha sised the Mayor, himself voting in favor of it. # # # # At a later stage of the proceedings a letter was received from Mr T. Ingham, dated May 9. It called attention to the fact that the writer had received an offer by the Town Solioitor for the settlement of the action bronght, and now pending,- against him in the Snpreme Court. Before , replying to it he wished to know if the-.- '' council would, for the present, waive the -.-;!?- portion relating to the rates, and allow an appeal against the rates to go to the Full Court, whichever way it was decided the conncil to pay their own costc and the writer to pay his. # Another letter, dated May 7, was also received from Messrs Kees R. and Sydney Jonea. It called attention to the faot that Mr iDgham had given notice of appeal to tbe May Fall Court, bnt that snbseanentlv notiee bad beea given for the appeal to be heard at the Jane Full Conrt. They had expected the appeal to have been with drawn, bnt this was not done, and owing to tho surrounding circumstances they bad oonsentcd to the adjournment to the June Full Court- They understood, however, from Mr Fitzgerald, Mr Ingham's solicitor, that the appeal would not bo proceeded with. With regard to the actions com menced by the council against Messrs D. M'lntosh and W. K. Higson, they had not ,'\ yet received any answer for settlemetfFM addressed to their solicitor, Mr Fitz- 1 gerald. t # The Mayor said he had asked the Town Solicitor's advice, and he was strongly of- opinion that Mr Ingham's offer should not. be entertained ; or that, at all events, if he wished to prosecute the appeal, he should do so at his own expense. Alderman Fiddes : And if he gains ? Alderman M.'Langhlin : We shall have to pay all the expenses. The Mayor said that was so. He moved that the proposal be declined. Alderman Bream seconded the motion. The Major added that the probable cost to theconnoil.it they joined Mr Ingham iD the appeal, would be between £60 and £70. " # ' Alderman M'Laagblin contended that there oai a considerable difference of opinion on the matter. As a matter of faot, the Town Solicitor had given contradictory opinions on the matter, and the council's own barrister had said they (the council) " hadn't the ghost of a show " to obtain the rates. It was a catch decision in favor of the council. Over a matter of so mnoh importance the opinion of the Full Conrt should be obtained. Judge Harding had given one opinion, and in all probability She other judges would give a different 'it. "i?0, there were other cases to be de it would be better to have it settled and for all. Uliimately an amend- ment was moved that the matter be referred to the Finanoe Committee. The Mayor said that would be hanging op tbe matter for a fortnight, aud Alderman Williams, as a member of that committee, protested that tbe Finance Committee had had enough of discussion over the matter. The amendment was, however, withdrawn, and Alderman M'Laughlin moved that Mr Ingham's proposal to pay half the coetB of the appeal only, be acoepted, provided that he agreed to the council's offer, and to carry out all the othr conditions of the lease. Alderman Williams seconded the amendment, which was opposed by tbe Mayor and supported by Alderman Littler and Fiddes, both the latter contending that as one side were ns likely to lose the case as the other the matter should be settled upon the highest authority. Alderman Littler emphasized the fact that the Town Solicitor was iu great doubt as to whether the rates could be collected. Alderman Higson said the Full Court opinion would save expense to the council in the long ion. The amendment was then put and carried, the voting being for : — Alderman Fiddes, Higson. Williams, M'Laughlin and Littler; against: The \ Mayor and Aldermen Boreham, Bream and'Kascb. The council adjourned shortly before half-past G, 