LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, November 24, 1S94. me metropolis is this week in the throes 01 the bitterest battle of the seete there has been in England for many long years. Hitherto the elections for the London School Board 'have been viewed by the most of us with indifference, quite two-thirds of the rate payers refraining from voting. But to-day's battle is being waged in grim earnest by practically the entire constituencies. On the rates ('Immoderates' would be nearer the M mark), led . by Mr. Athelston Eiley, a High Churchman, and there can't be a doubt that if his party succeeds theological doctrines will nolens volens be crammed down the poor little children's throats in all board schools. The Progressives (which have such opposed organs of pubKc opinion as the Daily News, P. M. Gazette, and St. James's at their back) take their stand on the 'compromise of 1871,' whereby it was agreed that no dogmas should be taught in the schools, but that the Bible should be read and lay teachers instructed to give '''such simple explanations of its meaning as were suited to the capacities of children.' As Dr. Martineau says, 'The so-called com promise was based on the assumption that, when all the differences of our English Christendom were_ struck out, there would be found the beating heart of a common Christianity sending a quickening life through all its members.' This was so, and for 20 years Churchmen, Nonconformists, Catholics, and Theists loyally held to the agreement, which the Archbishop of Canterbury and. Bishop of London now admit worked ad mirably. Then Mr. Diggle and Sir. Riley grew restless, and the famous or infamous circular came out ordering board schoolmasters to see to the teaching of certain dogmas to their pupils._ This raised such a storm that the Diggleites grew afraid and bent before it The circular was eventually withdrawn, and the president and his friends fell feebly back on the compromise. But they have shown their hands, and no one now really doubts that if they are returned to power the circular will presently be resurrected. On both sides great bitterness has been displayed and very violent language used. But this seems inevitable in disputes about religion. 'I came not -to bring peu.ee on earth, but a-sword.' The news of the conviction of Mr. James Canham Read was received with the greatest' satisfaction throughout England. Of course the usual petition for a reprieve has been promoted by the prisoner's friends, and being a popular person amongst his fellow-workmen it will be numerously signed. But Mr. As quith is not the least likeiy to do more tban read it. The doomed man belongs, I take it, to much the game genns as Mr. Grant Allen's ''Curate of Chum side' in ''Strange Stories.-'' He has iron nerves, no conscience, and an absolute hick of moral responsibility. All his relations seem, devoted to him. His wife, whom ho deceived, liis sweetheart (Miss Kempton) whom he basely seduced, and bis brother whom he mixed up with his intrigues and compromised, have, nevertheless, remained absolutely faithful to him. ' It is no use,' said Mrs. Read, on the day after her husband's conviction, ' it is no use foils keeping on saying as John were a cruel man. From the day we was married to the day he left me for that wicked tth'tiy Kempton he were always kind aud good to me. Depend upon it if he've done wrong that 'atefui Ayriss creature or that 'ussy Kempton set him on.' In the Bame way Miss Kempton scoffs at the idea of Bead murdering Florence Dennis. '-He never gave me a hard word and wouldn't hurt a fly. To talk of .his murdering is sheer nobsenBe,' .she said. .Hairy Read .had a_nrm tolieLm Jim's ' getting off,' not necessarily because of his innocence, but because he was ' loads cuter' than a lot of chump-head 'coppers' (police). All his life Harry had looked up to Jim as a paragon of smart ness. It was incredible anyone should be able to 'land' him. There does not seem any reason to suppose that the convict disliked Florence Dennis. Simply she was in his way and ho removed her, believing he could do so safely. The Evening Ucks publishes two letters of Read's written to friends whilst in prison. They give a very good idea of the flashy clever ness of the man, and also of the vanity which was the dominant note of his character. Needless to say he knew very well they wfculd find their way into print. The first letter is dated October 2G. It alludes at the outset to the supposed death of a friend's child, and he says, ' 1 suppose it was like the unfortunate Firstborn of Egypt, 'which beasts had already ' succumbed ; first to the murrain and then the haiL' If this is so it was very rough on the kid.' He makes a jocular allusion to the health and spirits of his friend, exhorts him to '-put in a-iiealthy old time in this veil of tears,' and proceeds — ' When I get out of this I propose taking^ about four solid uninterrupted hours in the prime of the morn ing in 3, special tMc-a-Utc with you, to tell you in the choicest and most emphatic English at my command what a double-barrelled fat headed sawdust - brained wandering de mented daft irresponsible imbecile you are. As Falstaff says, * Oh, for breath to utter what is like thee !' It can't be done under four hours ! I did propose giving reasons why, but will reserve them. Pen and ink will surely fail if the smallest introspective capacity on your part has not already convinced you how thoroughly you have deserved the above 'deli cate hint' of your impaired judgment '. That's what you axe, you blithering idiot. Was the world as mad as this when I first became a dweller in this agglomeration of cubicles or has it gone wrong since out of my control ? I had need to hurry up and out of it, to have set things right once more. To measure out justice to all is, I fear, hopeless — an ordinary life is not long enough ; but I do mean to make a supreme effort,, as an acknowledgment to a few chosen ones. I am 5 ft. 3£ in. in my socks, and my fighting weight is 9 st. 10 lb., but I am one of that sort of worms 'what turns,' and don't let some of 'em forget it. Eat the leek ! Why, I'll make them eat granite, and beg for hell as a relief. 'They shall digest the venom of their spleen, though it do spGt them,' as my friend Marcus Brutus says. But friends I have, and their adoption tried, I'll grapple to my soul with hoops of steel, as Ophelia's pa told us at the Lyceum. Of course, I don't know how to weld the steel hoops to the soul arrangement, but I suppose my solicitor will know, he's a lawyer; and they say lawyers know everything — about bills of costs. I say, what a fraud everything is ; and with what little wisdom the world is governed ! You only need ever so slight a peep behind the scenes to know ' how it's done.' With respectable stationery, a brass plate, a brass face, and no conscience worth speaking of, you may set up as you choose — as either a solicitor, a barrister, a doctor, an architect, a notary public, an auctioneer, or even an insurance broker — for if you know absolutely nothing you may hire a ghost for 25 bob a week and mouth his technicalities — thus 'tis done ! I'm out of this into the professions — no more hard work for me — high-class sweating is the card ! When I first went to Southend I was inun dated with all sorts of Paternoster-row litera ture, among them very many of those pretty embossed texts with silver or gold letters, on a chocolate or sky-blue ground with silken cords, for- hanging on walls, with ' God is love,' ' Jesus only,' ' Thou God see'sfc me,' &c.; As 1 was saved and those around me were only police men, and therefore past redemption, Igave them nearly all away to them, hoping against hope ! I wonder if the shower will set in again when the papers begin to embellish their pages with my virtues ! Thanks for cutting — it is purely imaginative — do not post me any more of them, but keep them until I come out, for my scrap-book — 1 may utilise them later on in a projected autobiography to be entitled ' Reminiscences of a fathead's friend.' ' Here Read makes an allusion to the fact of the de tectives questioning his children as to his whereabouts, and proceeds: — 'Don't you see what it means ? Only this— that after nearly four months of hunting about all over the shop that they don't know now where I was I They are right dead off the rail with no screwjack on board. This to me is very amusing, but if I had been ass enough to open, my mouth as wide as some people have, I should have lost the pleasure of seeing these people nosing round the back premises of Cooper & Co. They are quite 50 miles out now — I told them they were on the wrong scent in the very beginning, but they would not take my word. In a letter dated October 30, Read writes : — ' I got hold of the Doily Chronicle yesterday, and is it not teeming with news of mutual interest ? First there is Gilbeit's new opera, another big success I hear — I should so like to see all the old faces togethe again — Barrington, Grossmith, Bond, Barnett — it is quite a powerful .company, with the added strength of Le Hay, Mclntosh, and Kemiinghani with his delightful tenor voice. In Lloyd's this week the critique of this is illustrated by young Horace Mills, who wrote 'Pimple the Pirate ;' ' Robin Hood,' for which I wrote several lyrics ; and 'Miss Eineralda ' for the Gaiety. If you; should be 'Lyric' way you might get me the libretto of 'His Excellency' and post along to me. How are your nerves after the ' Rosberry ' thunder bolt? mine are all to pieces. What is it to be, evolution or revolution? Is this to be the order of developments for our times — 1870, Education Bill; 1S84, Reform Bill; New Democratic v6te ; Home Rule Bill ; House of Lords Bill ; One-man One-vote Bill ; General Chaos and Disintegration Bill — the devil ! Let us by all means have a representative House of Commons, and the suffrage is wide enough for the next ten years, seeing one-third never vote and one-third don't know how to, but one-man one- vote would ruin us. Fancy trust ing ' the Mob' with the government of such an 'intricate' Empire as this — who know as much of the ethics of politics as my boot ! As usual I am with the cold logician Joseph, who told us to stick to the Second Chamber we have ' until we get one better' — but hurry up ! What do you think of the Champion Pharisee Stead, with his new boom — 'If Christ came to London.5 What utter blasphemy for a man with such a toy of a mind as his ! and after his filthy ' Modern Babylon !' He is a newspaper man long before he is a purist. I wonder how long such a blazing query would stand un touched by the Materialists ; when our friend W. S. Caine, of all people, in ' a way that is childlike and bland,' asks 'How can Christ come to London, He being G-od, and God being omnipresent?'' ' Mr. Lockwood's conduct of the Read prose cution (his first criminal case since he became Solicitor-General) has been the theme of general praise at the bar. In moderation, in good taste, and yet in all the essentials of a conclusively proved case it left nothing to be desired. Read's defenders, on the contrary, made rather a mess of it. In putting forward an alibi attributing even a deeper de gree of moral turpitude to the pri soner than he had previously been ac cused of, they blundered shockingly. It did away with the last vestige of public sympathy for the man. How hopeless the poor wretch's chance was believed to be by experts was. revealed to me at the Savile Cluo the other evening, where an eminent legal luminary announced in the smoking-room that the defence was all wrong. 'If I had had the case,' said he, 'I would have contended that the woman taunted him and that in an access of fury he fired and killed her. Ver dict — manslaughter.' 'But he would have got penal servitude for life,' suggested some one. ' Very likely,' said the luminary, 'but that class of ruffian clings desperately to life. Anything is better than the halter.' Lady Colin Campbell paid off a score she has long owed to the noble family whose name she bears, when in No. 1 of the JZadm, she announced the aged MacCullnm Mope's en gagement to Canon Knox Little's daughter. The Duke of Argyll is 71 years old, and has a modest little family of five sons and seven daughters, not to mention grandchildren galore. His grace's parent, the seventh duke, married -thrice, but- at his third essay he was only 54. On dit ourGracious Sovereign and the Princess Louise and her husband knew nothing of the venerable nobleman's belated love affair till they read the glad news iu Saturday's papers. From the speed with which Lord Lome was summoned to Balmoral it is inferred that her Majesty's well-known views- on second mar riages are likely to be conveyed to the head of Clan Campbell with some insistence. Whether in the face of them the lion-hearted old High lander will wed Miss Knoz Little seems, doubtful. At the clubs short odds are taken the engagement will be contradicted in a day ? or two. Meanwhile Lady Colin smiles venomously. It was not perhaps good taste to expose her father- in-latrs foHy in the BeaZm, but it was natural and like her sex. The Campbells have green Lsr many bad haif-hours. Why should she na&xetura; them one ? The Postmaster-General on Fiidsyjreceived from the telegraph stationniaster sb Blinman a message running thus: — 'Para31a-na- mail just arrived, stuck up with floods at Jehn Creek for 14 hours rain. Rain — Parallana, 3 in.; Wool tana, 3£ rn.j Wirrialpa, 6 in-; Angarichina, 5^ in. Mail goes forward this morning without delay. Weather now fine and hot.3 