A WAGE II IOR DIAMONDS. 44 Does Sigoora P. live here ? " inquired a gentleman of the hall porter of a fashionable set of tints, the other day. 44 Yes, sir." ' Is she at home now ? " " Don't know, sir, but I will inquire." And after a short interval the gentleman, who was no other than Mr. X., the well-known West- end jeweller. was asked to step into the draw ing-room. " Signora P.," said he, " I have come on a very pleasant errand— to ask you to choose one of throe diamond necklaces, which is destined to vie, but vie in vain, with the charms bestowed upon you by nature." " What do you mean ? " asked Signora P., a cantatrice of great renown, whose countenance bad assumed the form of a note of interroga tion. " I mean that Lord O. has been choosiug a necklace for you : that he has carefully scruti nised all we have in stock, and, having selected these three, asks you to say which of them you prefer." 44 Lord O., did you say ? " " Yes, Lord O. You know him, of course 1" 44 Not I, I never spoke to him in my life." 14 Strange, very strange ! Here is his card. I dare say be is an admirer of your delightful j sieging, aud intends to give a tangible shape to his appreciation ; and, if I may say so, he i has given proof of admirable ju igment in select ing a diamond necklace. Ho has just left our establishment, and from what he said I expec ted lo see him here ; but this is, perhaps, the harbinger of his visit." 4Yes, that may be." answered the lady, look ing admiringly at the glittering diamonds. ' I have often heard of him. He is always in the opera, and does, 1 know, take a great interest in music." The jeweller then invited a careful inspection of the three necklaces, pointed out the beauties of each, and laid special stress ou the best of the three, which, of course, was the most expensive in the lot. Half an hour passed in this way, but the young nobleman failed lo put in an ap pearance. "What do you intend to do P " asked Signora P. at last. " Well, I suppose it is useless to wait any longer. As it is not by any means the first time I have the pleasure of seeing you, I confide the three necklaces to your safe keeping, Signora ; I know they will be as well looked after here as at our shop. And when Lord O. does call, and you have selected one of them, he will come to us and settle up. It will not last longer than to-morrow, for he has promised to come in the j morning in any case." And Mr. X. took his leave rejoicing. It I never once occurred to him that he had left any ! loopholes in the arrangement through which a ! mouse, not to say a swindler, could squeeze him- 1 self. ! Mr. X. had not left the bouidor a quarter of | an hour, when a young man rushed in groat ex- | citement into the room and vehemently deman ded .the three din in and necklaces. " Mr. X," I he said, 44 has sent me this moment to say that j they were left here by mistake — a mistake which i be deeply regrets and apologises for." 1 In reply to the lady's questions, he further explained that Lord O.'s instructions had been misunderstood. He wauled the necklace for Signora B , who lived in the same block, only one storey higher, and a mistake had been made in the name. Signora P. was not in the least surprised, and handed the man (he precious parcel. He expressed bis profound thanks and hurried away. Next morning the jeweller was announced. " Well, Signora, J hope you have followed my advice, and chosen the necklace I recom mended ? It is by far the best of the three ; and as for the stones, I can assure you that Princess L., when she saw them a few weeks ago " " You seem to be iu a very joueular mood this morning, Mr X. I thought from the begiuuing that the necklaces were not meant for me, and it was you who suggested that they should remain in my keeping. But the matter has gone far enough." ' What do you mean, Signora P Has Lord O. not yet called ?" " Oh, please stop that ! You know as well as I that the necklace was intended for Signora B. on the next hat, and your shopman took it to her last night." " What do you mean ? Where are my diamond necklaces ?" And Mr. X. turned as pale as a ghost, as he asked the question. Signora P., equally astonished, told him all that bad taken place after his departure the evening before. " Oh, heavens ! I have been victimisid by a clever swindler !" he exclaimed. " Signora, will you kindly accompany me at once to the shop ? I want you to tell your story to t he police, and to put them on the track of the scoundrel at once. It may yet be possible to recover the property, but we must be very quick." Signora P. ungraciously assented, and the pair harried off to the shop with feelings too stormy for words. Mr. X. opened the door, and to his utter stupefaction beheld the "swindler " standing at the counter with some necklaces displayed before him The jeweller pounced upon him as a tiger upon its prey, but the young man smilingly pointed to the precious stones, and said : 44 There are your necklaces. Now, liste — " 44 Sir, you are a — " 4i Now, do lie calm, please, and let me finish what I have to say ; then you may talk as much as you like. I have to compensate you for the little joke I perpetrated. The fact is I made a bet with Lord S. that I would go to one of the best firms of jewellers in the West Bin), and deprive them of the possession of a lot of jewellery for at least one night — of course, solely for the purpose of winuiug the wager. I have now scored a brilliant success and won the stakes. It only remains for me to express my profound thanks to Signora P., who so ably, if involuntarily, seconded my efforts. I beg the lady will tcindlv stftfnt. fchis a souvenir of 4 A Wager for Diamonds.' "- — ' "Modern Society." 