CHATTER XVII. The windows were darkened at Feudykc. The passing bell had tolled the years of the life that was done, sounding solemnly and slowly across the level fields, the deep narrow river, the mill streams and pine woods, the scattered ham lets lying far apart on the great flat, where the sunsets linger late and long. All was over, and Allan had to put aside his own sorrow in order to comfort his mother, who was heart-broken nt the loss of a husband she had idolised, with a love so quiet and unobtru sive, so little given to sentimental utterances, that it might have been mistaken for indiffer ence. Site wandered about the darkened house like some lost soul in the dim under- world, unable to think of anything, or to speak of .-inything, but her loss. She looked to Allan for every thing : asserted her authority in no detail. (i Let all be an ho wished^" she said io her son. "Let us think only of pleasing him. You know what he would like, Allan. You were with him so much towards the last. He talked to you eo freely. Tliluk only of him, and his wishes." She could not divest herself of the idea tliafc her husband was looking on at all that hap pened, iliat this or that arrangement might be displeasing to him. She was sure that he would wish the sternest simplicity as to the funeral. His own farm labourers were to carry hira to his grave, and the hurial was to be at dusk. He had himself prescribed those two conditions. He wished* to be - laid in his grave at set of sun, when the hireling's daily toil was over, and the humblest of liis neigh bours could have leisure to follow him to his last bed. Aud then he qu oted ParsoaHawker1 s touching lines:— " Sunset should be the time, they said, To close their brother's narrow bed. TTis at tltat pleasant hour of duy The labourer treads his homeward way. His work is o'er, his toil is done, And therefore at the set of .sud, To wait the wages of the dead. We lay our hireling in his bed." Those lines were written for the tillers of the •earth: but George pirew's thoughts of him self were as hmuLTe,h^ if he had been the lowest of day labourers. Indeed, in those closing hours of life; when the record of a man's existence is suddenly spread ont before liim like the scroll which ' the prophet laid before the king, there is much in that compre hensive survey to humiliate the proudest of God's servants, much which makes him who has laboured strenuously despair at the insuffi ciency 01 the result, the unprofitableness of his labour. How, then, could such a man as George Carew fail to perceive his unwortlii ness r—a man who had lc-t fife go by him, who had done nothing, save by a careless automatic beneficence, to belp or better his fellow-men, to whom duty had been an empty word, aud tlic Christian religion a lifeless formula. The Squire of Feudyke was Laid to rest in the pale twilight of early March, the winter birds sounding their melancholy evensong as the coffin was lowered into the grave. The widow and her son stood side by side, with those humbler neighbours and dependents clustering round them. No one had been bidden to tbc funeral, no hour had been named, and the gentry of the district, whose houses lay somewhat wide apart, knew nothing of the arrangements till afterwards. There were no empty carriages to testify to the decent grief, which 6tays at home, while liveried servants offer the tribntc of solemn faces and black gloves. Side by aide Lady Emily and her son walked through the grounds of Fendyke to the churchyard adjoining. The wintry darkness had fallen gently on those humble graves when the last " Amen" had been spoken, and mother and son turned slowly and sadly towards the deeolate home.. Allan stayed in his mother's sitting-room till alter midnight talking of their dead. Lady Emily fonnd a sad pleasure in talking of the husband she hud lost, in dwelling fondly . upon liis virtues, his calm ;ind studious life, his | non-interference with her household arrange- j monts, his perfect contentment with the things 1 that satisfied her. # i ,# There never was a better husband, Allan," she said, with a tearful sigh, "and yet I know j I was not his first love." "Not his first love. Alas! no, poor soul," \ mused Allan, when he had hidden his mother ; good night, and was seated alone in front of his father's bureau, alone in the dead middle I of the night, steeped in the vivid light of the large wading lamp, under its spreading silken 1 shade, while all the rest of the room was in , shadow. "Nothis first love! Poor mother. It is , happy for yon that you know not bow near that first love was to being the last and only love of your husband's life. Thank God you did not know." Often in those quiet days in the old Suffolk 3fanor House, while his father was gradually failing out of life, Allan lutd argued with him self as to whether it was or was not liis duty to reveal 3frs. TTornock's identity with the woman to whom George Carcw had dedicated a lifetime of regret, and to give his father the option of summoning that sad ghost out of the past, of clasping once again the vanished hand, and hearing the voice that had so long been unheard. There would haro been rapture, perlmps, to the dying man in oho brief hour of re-nnion; but that hour could not give hack youth, or youthful dreams. There would have j been tho irony of fate in a meeting on the i brink of the gmvc, and whatever touch of feverish gladness there might have been for the dying in that brief hour, its after conse quences would have been full of evil for rite mounting wife. Better, infinitely better, that she should never know the romance of her ^husband's youth. never bo able to identify the j I woman he loved, or to inflict upon her own teudor heart the self-torture of comparison | with such a woman :is Sirs. Woniock. For Lady Emily, in her happy ignorance of ! all details, that early love was but a vague | memory of a remote past, a memory too shadowy to be the cause of retrospective | jealousy. She knew that her husband had ; loved and sorrowed; and she knew no more. It mnst needs be painful to bc-r to identify his lost love in the person of a lady whom her son valued as a friend, and to whom her son's future wife was warmly attached. Allan had felt therefore that he was fully justified iu leaving Sirs. Wornock'e story unrcvealcd, oven though by that silence he deprived the man who had loved her of the last tearful farewell, the final touch of hands that had long been parted. He was full of sadness to-night as he turned j the key in the lock, and lifted up the lid of the bureau at which ho had so often seen his father seated arranging letters and papers with neat, leisurely liands, and that pensive placidity which characterised all the details of his life. That bureau was the one repository for all papers of a private nature, the one spot peculiarly associated with him whom they had laid in the grave at evensong. Xo one else had ever written on that desk, or possessed the keys of those quaintly inlaid drawers. And now the secrets of the dead were at the mercy of the survirors, so far as he had left any trace of them among those neatly docketed papers, those packets of letters folded and tied with red tape, or packed in large envelopes, sealed, and labelled. Allan touched those packets with reverent hands, glanced at their endorsement, and re placed them in the drawers or pigeon holes as he had fouud them. He was looking for the manuscript of which liis father luul told him; the story of a "love which never found its earthly close." Yes, it was here, under his hand; a thin octavo, bound in a limp morocco, a manuscript of something less than a hundred pages, in the hand ho kucw so well, the small, neat hand that, to Allan's fancy, told of the leisurely life, the mind free from fever and fret, thcTlicart that beat in slow time, and had long ontlircd the quick alternations of passionate feeling. Allan drew his chair hearer the lump, and began to read. 