They say: [An open column. Comment must be fair and without rdlice. The Editor not responsible for opinions expressed ] Jack is very devotional to Fanny. Beware, Jack there is another in the field from Footscray. Phil is taking nothing but sarspar alla now. Charley. B. says Phi! has a unent flow of flowery language. Ellis Harry was very jubilant last Sunday. After travelling all round Cailton last Sunday the East boys returned just in time to see konoline out of roost. The Carlton boys regretted that they had not been appoached earlier re the carnival. Fred L. is too flash when he goes over south. What about the Star of Park now, Snelly. Boshiel would make a good bowler. if he had not so much style. 'Tommy Baker bowled well last Saturday. Mohawk ought to pawn them white pants of his. Joey. the curly haired boy has given up football and taken to skittles. Tracker bid adict to Brunswick on Tuesday last. Boshiel could hardly walk with a bad leg last week. It, however, got well to play cricket last Saturday, and immediately the match was over it took had again. He wants a little coaxing. The Belmonts have a young Walter they want to get rid of. James Weir ought to make a good doctor after the fainting incident last Saturday night. Squire was not seen at his best for the Camelia last Saturday owing to a bad cold. Higgins will again appear in Bruns wick. Look out, boys. Uncle Tom's Cabin was not ap preciated by the lads. Neither is any thing else that is worth listening to. C. J. says he would eat the head off the man that put him in this column if he knew him. Whose heart is broken for Ethel. Oh, love. The Titches down East intend to present Sir Graham with a treacle medal for his bravery on Sunday night. Shake him Titches. Whelan won the street waltzing competition down East. Buck in Paddy. Roger down East has taken to a pipe. Given up smoking tea and other things. The Titchers ate glad. Since Charley down East has learnt to dance, 'E don't know where 'E are. So May says. The champion pitchers, not cricketers, play every night in a c-rtain barber's shop down East. Ask Yankee. The gentle Chopper is now a foot ball roller instead of a ground roller. He has a fine hold of the ground. Sir Graham the fire fighter, acted nobly at the fire Sunday night. He saved three large germans and several black puddings. Honor the brave and bold. Useless down East has given up smiling at the little Dolly Mlopps says his face hurts him. The Titches are going to use it to strike matches on, Alter the entertainment last evening P. Bailey gave up the ghost. The East Brunswick Hall was a real picture last Thursday night. That Robinson Crusoe and his man Friday was one of the best sustained character in the Carriers procession. 