BOYISH INSENSIBILITY- ' of eleven and Thirteen was one of the most | horrible acta of ky-wieksdnros which has i occurred within living memory- Other : of excuse or expfimstikm. Tbe motiwr or j father has beea very stem and bsrrii, or ete tbe children bare been tempted by the desire 1 1 get hold of tbe parent's muoey. Sach | explsniriusj do not, ef coarse, make t i crime less great, hot to a certain srtfst it ; lera Hpf»flte|?v Irav bratraL Tb» j who jidd to t tvuphitw of nge or greed, | at ley rate set on motives which every , brans beam nndcrstands. What is to be i said of boys who kill their mother for a j whim, who act 00 a motive which would n< t justify cue in killing a fir 1 The boys a ! Flaa-tow t -bbed their mother as one might i slasn a st raging Dett'e with one's stick or j i crush an earwig. They had a fancy to kill their mother in a moment of annoyance, and they apparently hardly thought twice about carrying their will iitn execution. Such nn : nttitnde of "-" is bewildering in its ; derOishueas. Tbe toys acted like fierce and , degraded animals, and yet with all the con ning of men. Tbey stabbed tbe poor women : as Ae lay in bed, and left- bo- body to tot while tiey played cards and ate sweets in the room below; but >t the aame time they i were telling smooth Iks to the neighticaus as to their mother being in Liverpool. Tbe story is, to our mind, a aicimiug one, not so much because of the horrible details of tbe ! crime, but because of the hrutalisatioo and i pure wickedness of the beys' minds. Tbey ; do not seem to have had a glimmer at moral sense. Tbey bad not even the fear which is | rd. If toey bad ; grown terrified at the horror of their deed, i or bad felt it impossible to lire with the i corpse m the room shore, they wonld tare ; at least shown a symptom of human feeling, j have proclaimed ' themselves part of the ' stuck of Adam. Instead, they exhibited- a i ciliiionien, an insensibility, an indifference which tores one cold to think of. A dog 1 tint bad worried the poor woman to death j could not have shown less — "d"-g , that wrong bad been dooe. Tbe esse we are writing about is, of course, I an extreme one ; bat it will be eilinlUui by 1 those who know anything aboct the young, ; that in all rissset of fife there is a certain : percentage of beys who, shoot the age of i thirteen— eey, from eleven to fifteen — show \ eom, thing of the callousness and ineens- Klily displayed in so hid— v and levelling 1 a f com by the Plaiitow boys. The boy is | eometbiag iwy oxffisrest from tbe 1 The child, that is, is net merely a weaker, : fees self-willed, end less sct-rre boy, but , morally altogether a different cretture. , Boyhood often gives perfectly new chanc- ' teristia to the child. The normal healthy < boy — the boy, that is, who has not, either owing to tpecul training or to ulneo, become more a girl than a boy — is a usatuxe of strong impulses and wide imaginings, which are with difficulty checked&od; kept in order. | He hat a high code of honour oil bis own, bot it is a somewhat narrow andlimited one. He will do anything rather than play the sccak, hat throe are a large """'t of people whom he holds that it is qsite fair to | take in- II you can coctrire to put him on hk word of honour, be is to be trusted any where, like the Crusader who had sworn on | the Cross. If, bo« ever, be remains csbocnd fay what be considers a binding form of I words he would tick at nothing. He is ! chivalrous, on occasion gentle, and his feel ! togs every now and then are easily touched, i hut at the aame time his general attitude t> I wards the worid is one of war- Lake the i k nigh. -errant, he is always oo the look-out j for something ti tilt against. It nerer I ocean to him that the boys whose beads he I pooches in the streets, the wayfarers whom I he pells and otherwise insults and injures 00 ! the Queen's highway, or again, tbe farmers whoee orchards he robs, or whose cattle he j teases into madness, or the maids whom he j frightens into hysterics by booby-traps and sbestsd ghosts, possess any rights that need ! he respected. It is slmOEt impossible to get him tnsee that it is unkind to frighten a 1 timid giri who has to go home on winter evenings throngfa the cfaarefaysrd. What the b-y lacks, and what he gains afterwards, if be becomes— as in most cases be does — s right-mi oded and wholesome-hearted Eng lishman, is a sense of kindliness, a respect for tbe feelings of other, and a touch of gentleness and self sacrifice. But the. Jack, of these feelings and qualities is in reality i nothing but tbe Isck of wnribilrty — of ability to feel, to comprehend, and to sympathise. Sensibility and sympathy are what tbe typical buy lacks, and what he gains when Tie gets out of the Bed Indian epoch and becomes a man and a gentleman. Tl la in rilTI IfiAt ftf cpncihilifr mweA avnv<_ pathy, this hardness of feeling, that ia to be found, in our opinion, tbe solution of the j ; myrtery of boyish wickedness. All bays i show 1 1 a cert do extent this hardness, but in exceptional boys ft reaches to positive petrifaction. Tbe boy's heart seems ab solutely turned toetme. Nothing will touch it- The exceptions! boys — tbe boys in whom this hardening of tbe heart is carried beyond the ordinary limit — ore always in danger iff doing something which may be positively wicked— something which may verge upon the terrible crime at Haittiw. The history of boyswho have tmhradtter fellows ma way which would have disgraced a savage. Though we are not among those who would mete the moral nature nothing but an affair of physical well-being, and toe soul a Blatter for clinical treatment, we are inclined to be lieve that toe temporary and partial petri faction of toe feelings and toe moral — m- during boyhood, may be doe to toe great physical changes that are coocnrrent with it. Those changes affect toe boy's whole body, and absorb all his energies. After all, sensi tiveness is a form of energy, and the boy has little or no energy left with which to give his heart its rights. Everyone knows bow difficult a toing is at wo-o'clock-ln-the moro- ing courage, and bow hard it is to feel kind and aelf-saarificug when oneis half -asleep. Sleepiness or extreme weanness makes one ti a certain extent callous and indifferent, and insensible to the fete of others. WelL. tbe boy who is growing np and down and across, all at once, and with a speed which takes one's breath away, is physically as much oppressed as the man who ia weary from overwork or lass of sleep. The stress of growth, to n certain extent, pals the moral nature under a sort of chloroform Spectator 