l rS HQ &Tp; ? ST8R© I One Night of my Life \- ? ? ? ? — ABODT A MADMAN. ? »♦+ — ' ?* Mr Daeldjg Alice,— ' I will try and be with you to-night. .My business takes me to * small town about twenty xoiles from your house, and I could not bear to be so near you without looking into your sweet eyes md hearing you say that you are true to me, so 1 shall ride over in the afternoon, and God willing, ihiill hold you in my arms to-night. ' Yoob Own Jaok.' Having dispatched my day's business and j cent this letter to my sweetheart, I, the Jack j therein mentioned, hastened to hire a horse i for the purpose of riding the twenty miles , which separated me from Alice, my be- , trotbed bride. As my business— which was that of a travelling agent for a prosperous house — obliged me to be often away from home, a chance like this to see Alice was Tery precious to me. It was six o'clock in the evening when I started out on my horse from the door of the inn where 1 had been stopping. In vain was it that the landlord tried to dissuade me ; his account of the lonely and desolate road, and of the frightful things which had hap pened on it, of the murders and midnight horrors which hung over it, could not turn me from my purpose. Even the thought that I must pass by the haunted rock, in the park, alone, and with no hope of aid, should I require it. that I must ride through passes which the village legends peopled. with spirits and ghosts of the departed travellers, could not deter me. 1 spurred onward amid the | dark forebodings of those assembled to wit- j u ess my rash departure, my landlord's pro- j pbe«v of a sudden and violent storin ringing j in niv ears as I went. I treated these super- I stations talcs as merely the inventions of j ignorant villagers, and the sounds which were j repoited to issue from the haunted rock, as, | at best, coming f'nra the throat of some ] human enemy, against whom a pistol would j be most effective. I There were still two hours of daylight be lore me. and as I rode along I was lost in thoughts ot ray sweetheart. 1 seemed to see ; her standing on her vine-covered porch, ready j to welcome me with her bright smile. The I dainty tignre. with its blue eyes and waving hair, rose before my eyes : and so vivid was the vision tbat I spoke her name half aloud. The sound of my own voice startled me, and, looking up for the first time, I saw that the sky was growing black, the wind was howl ing, and rumbling distant thunder was in the air. It had come — the storm which my landlord Lai foretold. I spurred on my horse; a big drop of rain splashed over my face: the dark ness thickened : and at the same instant through the ^liooin loomed up the outlines of the huee bonlder. which a turn in the road had beftue hidden from my sight. A slight shiver crept over me as I recalled the tales connected* with it, and thoughtupon my own lonciv situation. Something of this feeling seemed to enter into my horse, for as we neaied tbe rock, shrouded in darkness, he trembled from head to foot. Using all my strength. I forced him past it, and at the same ii: slant there sounded upon my ear a low burst of laughter, so peculiar in its tone as to gend an icy shudder through me. A something that was not human sounded in it. It was fiendish, devilish. Conquering my moment ary weakness, I strained my eyes to pierce the darkness, in the hope of discovering the | shape from which those sounds proceeded, i but'' all was silent and deseited as tbe grave. | The form must have been swallowed up in darkness, for I saw nothing. A strange feel ing of dread weighed on my heart, vague and indefinite, and the night grew blacker and blacker. The storm drew nearer, and my every effort was now directed to gain some place of shel ter from the rain. I looked in vain for alight iu the distance ; all was black and desolate ; torrents of rain poured down, soaking me to the skin ; thunder crashed, and hiy poor horse galloped as for his life. Once, between the thunder peals, I seemed to hear that same low, mad laugh in my ear, and. shuddering, I wildly spurred my poor horse. Just then a vivid flash of lightning illumined the road, disclosing a hut about a hundred feet in advance ; a second flash enabled me to reach the opening which had once been a door ; but the whole miserable place was in a ruinous condition. For years it had been abandoned to wind and weather. Ftarfully I entered, and found myself in the largest of the two rooms which the hovel boasted. The ceiling was broken away, and the rain poured in upon the rotting floor, aud beat through the broken window. Nothing more fearful and more wild could be imagined, but still I welcomed it, and turning the poor horse loose outside, 1 passed into the inner room. A lightning flash il lumined it, aud standing upright against the opposite wall I saw tbe form of a man, his face distorted by a smile of wicked cunning, end as the darkness fell again, a shrieking iauch mingled with the thunder. Made desperate by the terrors of the night ' and of my loneliness, I struck a match and rushed forward ; but the figure was gone^the room deserted. Turning, I passed into the first room, but it was equally tenantless. Full of wonder and strange forebodings, I chose a dry spct and threw myself upon the floor and tried to sleep. Vain endeavor; tLie figure haunted me, and often, as fatigue overpowered me and sleep seemed on the point of relieving me, the memory of that laughter would ring through my brain, and I would start wildly up. to find myself lying alone upon the floor with the storm still rag ine without. Finally, quite exhausted, I fell into a deep Elumber. which lasted I know not how lung, but which was suddenly and violently broken by that same demoniac noise. This time I tried to rise, in vain ; a fearful weight was on my chest. Straining ops n my eyes, I beheld in the light of the moon, which now shone through the window, that same man's face bending over mine. Terri fied bevond expression. I struggled to free myself of the creature upon me; but my arms and legs were fast hound ; the same cunning smile distorted the face, and the leering eyes roiled as I straggled vainly. I Etrove to shriek, but tbe sound came not ; a faint i gurgle was the only result of my frantic ef fort. At the same instant the creature above me rose, and with chuckles and leers, drew forth a coil of rope j nodding his head and gibber ing. he arranged a noose, and with another blood curdling laugh, he placed it about my neck. My God, tbe agony of that moment, when I realised that I was absolutely at the mercy of a madman J Tighter and tighter he drew the rope, till my face grew black with suffo cation, and my eves and tongue started from my bead. Consciousness was -almost gone when the pressure was slowly, steadily re laxed, and the maniac's features glared down upon me once more. I breathed again ; he bad spared me ; the rush of joyful feeling nearly overcame me. He marked the expres sion of my face, and, chuckling, drew the noose again, exulting to watch my face pur ple, and my eyes protrude. Twenty times I thought my death agony at hand, and twenty times, with a maniac's cunning, he restored my breath, and prolonged my torture. How ? he chuckled and mattered to himself, wag ging his fiendish head, and oh 1 my God, bow, iwhen I struggled to get free, wrestling in agony with death And. torture, he uttered his ineane, exulting laugh. Sow I longed and prayed for death ; how J hoped (he madman would once.draw the fiTJose so tight that, when relaxed, my breath **ould fctlll refuse to come. Suddenly his fcrain Beemed possessed with some new plan. Slowly he drew off the rope, and, with one backward glance, left the room; At first, I dared not hope for life ; , but when the time went by and still fife came not, I began to think that he was gone entirely, and thatjny.. iife might yet be saved. ; I struggled to free myself once more ; struggled and^writfaed my heart nearly bunt through my Doay ; but m vain, just tuen a new sound caught idy ear, filling uie with unutterable dread. A.fbrk of ilght shot up. Yes, it was true, the maniac had set tire to the hovel. And now I saw his face grinning at me through the window. Making one last super human effort. I uttered a fearful shriek, j The madman leaped in at the window, and, at the same Vnstant, another form followed ; him. , Some one seized me. I knew no ? more. - _ . . : When consciousness returned, I was lying ? upon a bed in my sweetheart's own pretty room, and she, with tears in her gentle eyes, j «.oo mr sslnw return to life. I learned 'afterwards, when my strength returned, that the madman bad escaped from an asylum in the neighborhood, and being missed, his keeper, attracted by *be sight of the flames, arrived just in time to save me from tbe horrible fate which seemed to await me. I bad fallen into a deep swoon, and from that into a raging fever, and during my ravings enough was learned to send me to the house which bad been my destination when I started out the previous night. As booh as I was well again Alice and f married, and were surely happier than it tails to the lot of most mortals to be ; but 'e^ej' while I live shall I forget the agonies of that one night of my life. 