MY BARBER. [By Close Shave.] " Well?'I said. He buried himself with the lather pot and pretended that he had not heard me. " Well ?' X repeated. Then he turned round hurriedly, and I noticed that he had the danger signal in his eyes. They wereweak and bloodshoot. " Oh, yes. Last night," he replied, and once more showed me the back of his head. ■ vr-</ '■ "Then you are now a full and accepted Mason V* I asked. "I feel like a very full barber," he replied. was so fall, sir, that I took off one boot in the street and tried to use it as a latchkey. It was all right in Lodge, of course, but after wards If I hadi^tvm^ and whiskv—but there, to my shame be it said, I walked home singing, ' For I'm a jolly good Mason,' and wanted to give the grip to every policeman I met. They'll be kicking me out of the Lodge over that little business yet." " And what about the branding V Oh, that's all Tommy rot. My wife didn't even notice whether I was intoxicated or not, she was so anxious to see the brand and to know whether it hurt. Women is always curious, but I didn't gratify the old woman's curiosity this time. But it's a grand thing, sir." " What $ Curiosity f* "No Masonry^ I'm not allowed to ask you if you'll join, but still I should like " "I suppose you'll be going to Government House and to Mohtefiore now. You'll stick a pair of compasses outside and—" u Don't joke about it, sir. You really don't know what it alt means. It's just the same with spiritualism, sir. Lots of folk who think them selves smart run spiritualism down, and say it's all humbug. That comes of ignorance, sir. It's easy to sneer and ridicule, but as ' Hamlet or some other fellow observes, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." " Great Caesar s ghost! You don't mean to say that you are a spiri tualist V " I have had that honor for many years," be answered with dignity, *<dil«er smce Igot a message from my dech&shd; grandfather when the table rose bodily into the air, and one of the legs came down on my pet corn with a terrific crash. I used to laugh at the spirits once, sir." "You laughed over them last night, apparently," I interjected. " Excuse me, sir, but that's rather a cheap l^fe^ and not worthy of you. If you were to come to a see-aunts with me I'd soon convince you." " See-aunts," I observed. "AU my aunts have long since departed this suMuhsury Sphere, and are, I hope, waving palm leaves, wearing golden crowns, and playing harps, just as they always longed to do so—at least they used to say so." ".It's got nothing to do with aunts, sir," my barber said rather crossly, " It's a meeting where folks sit round a table, and the lamps are turned down, and there's a meejum, and you see and hear all kinds of funny V " What's a meejum V I enquired. "A meejum, sir," he replied with hauteur, "is the means of communica tion between this world and the spiritual spheres. I'm a meejum myself." " Oh, indeed! And may I ask whether your wife approves of all these proceedings ?" "Well, to tell the truth, she does not, sir. She says that the men and women sit round the table just tor the sake of squeezing each others' hands in the dark. To convince her that it was nothing of the sort I took her one night to a see-aunts, and the light hadn't been turned down ten minutes when she let go a scream and said somebody was pinching her knee. Of course it was the spirits, sir, but she wouldn't have it, and she up and accused the man who was sitting next to her—a most respectable undertaker, who buries half the people in our neighborhood, and is always asking the spirits when his time is coming to be planted." " What did the undertaker do V "He swore on ids oath that he hadaNi moved a musele. Said he was just thinking of his dear first wife, which made his second wife, who was sitting with us, let out a snort like a hippopotamus coming out of its bath. I thought there was going to be ructions, and I'll bet that old Solemn Face got it hot when he got home. Well, we all sat down again, although my wife said she'd had enough of such rubbish, and wanted to go home. After a while the table began moving, and Betsy—that's my wife, sir—collared hold of me by the arm and said she was frightened. Presently a tambourine that was lying on the table flew through the air and hit Betsy on the head. That se tied it. Betsy went for the undertaker and the ineejum—a young m chap with long hair, and if I hadn't grabbed- hold of her and put her out side there'd have been murder done." " And how of ten do you go in for this little form of relaxation?" " Once a week, sir—generally Sun days. Our meejum's been ill with influenza lately, and it's a funny thing that all the spirits that come to the see-aunts seem to talk through their noses.. Sort of sympathy I suppose. But it's singular, isn't it ?" "Very singular," I remarked ; "and have you ever seen a spirit ?" " I can't exactly say that I've seen one, but I've seen little patches of light like glowworms all over the room, and the meejum says that they are spirits. I'm only a physical meejum so far, but the spirits say that I will be a materializing meejum before long." " you consult these ghostly visitants about fche share market " N6, sir. They would regard such questions as frivolous. Now, sir, what is your opinion of the matter f* "I wouldn't give a rap for the whole homing lot of them,'1 was my reply. . " But they might give a rap for you, sir. Will you come with me nest Sunday V By this time I was putting on my hat. "Thank you," I said, "I am not particularly anxious to have my knee pinched or to be clouted on the head with a tambourine. I think I'll stick to the other kind of spirits,for the present, but if ever I do make up( my mind to change the brand you can rely upon my giving your sample a trial. Only don't let all the women who attend the see-aunts be bony fingered creatures of the frump order. Throw in a few specimens of the giddy young dashers idhofgrab hold of you for safety 1 "You are a scoffer, sir," said my barber solemnly, turning Ids towards the ceiiing as though there were a spook somewhere in the neighborhood of the gas bracket, and then recalled to his duty by the entrance of a customer, he said with business fdacriiy^-* - " Next, please." , 