A Happy Christmas After All. London railway station at night, a dense December darkness of fog, through which the lamps shone with a whooly halo, and figures loomed .portentously through the gloom; porters, Wheeling luggage, ran into you unawares; every man's breath made a little fog of its ?own, in which he moved and lived and had bis being. Bitterly cold it was ; eveiy face -was buried in its overcoat collar, and those wayfarers who had none shook with the bitmg, raw chill of the unwholesome night. A_young man was walking impatiently and anxiously to and fro, occasionally stopping -ander a gas lamp to try and decipher the time from the blurred and mi6ty face of bis watch. As he approached the lamp for the third time lie becamc aware of another wrapped-up traveller staring steadfastly In his direction. With a mattered ejaculation .the young fellow turned suddenly on his heel, pulled up the collar of his coat to his eyes, and melted away into the deepest shadows of the station. Thither the second man walked after him peering in vain through the fog. " Strange," he muttered, "I could have sworn that was Meredith, if I had not bad bis telegram an hour ago. I am nearly convinced it was him after all, and no other. What can he be doing ?" How much longer he would bave searched ,for the yoong fellow no one knows had his train not at that moment '.backed into Paddington, and carried him out of the wintry fog into the fresh frostiness of .Surrey. Not until the train had departed, looking -like a huge grey ghost in the fog, did the young man emerge from the dark corner he .bad " laid low" in. " Is the Bristol train in .yet, porter 1" he asked. " No, sir." " That's all right," he muttered ; " but, my goodness, it was a near shave! By Jove, if old Thomp 6on had seen me-but I don't fancy be could bave recognised me. Wonder if he bad my wire ? Great Scot I I could laugh if it were another fellow's fis and not my own. Ah, .bere she comes 1 My Nell, my pretty one I A long train came 6tenming in, and out sprang a girl, pushing away the indignant porter who was telling her she should wait till the train stopped, and flung herself into David Meredith's arms. "Oh, Davy, what can you think of me?" " Think of you, my plucky darling 1 No thing bat what is good and true and brave. See there ; don't tremble so. What have you with you? Only that? There, jump into this cab," and, giving the driver an address, he jumpsd in too, shut the door, pulled up the windows, and took her in his arms. "Oh, Davyl Davyl you'll be good and true to mc ?" " God help me, I will, my 6weel." " Where are we going, Davy 1" "To my good old landlady. She knows -all our story, and is most interested in you, and is making us a wedding cake or a plum pudding or something, and you will be as safe there for the night as if your own mother were with you." "I couldn't bear it any longer, David," the girl said piteously; " see how he struck me yesterday, because 1 was late coming bome, and she bared her soft, white arm, and 6howed a big blue bruise. David's answer was to kiss with tender care the pretty bruised limb, and say " That's all over now, my Queen. You see I was right. I told you long ago you must xiy» away to me." " But it's such a shocking thing to do, Davy." ( " Where's the shocking ? I don't see it; but bere we are," and the young fellow jumped out and banded his little girl tenderly into the ball of a tiny bat clean little house in a quiet street off Oxford-street. " Here she is, Mrs. Perkins 1" " Which I'm very glad to see her, bless her pretty eyes. This ways, Miss, being, as I may say, most geateely particle?, I considers my own Bettin'-room is the properest place for you to-night, not bat what the 'orse'aif suite gives a better appearanoe to Mr. Mere dith's room, bat yon see it's the properties of society as we 'as to look to-night. There, set ye down and warm, and get some color is your pretty cheeks. We mustn't have a pale bride. Law bles9 ye, miss, that speech of nine, so free as I be with my tongue, I know, and always was, as my poor man uBed to say, and many's the time he's quoted Scripture to | me. There's a color you have now I and 1 here's the toast and the tea, and sit yon down, Mr. Meredith, and jaBt think your old landlady is your grandma, as the saying is, not but what I'm not quite the proper age, and my Polly, there's proud she'd 'a bin to be, as the saying is, your bridemaid, but she's staying with Louisa, as is a bit down 'earted, and him gone to sea only four days before Christmas. Now, do eat a bit." I The cbeeiy, voluble, little old landlady bustled about, ber kind old heart tooohed by the tale of love in difficulties, which her I young lodger had wisely confided to her. At lost it struck her that, in spite of the " pro perties of sooiety," the young couple might wish to dispense with her oompauy for a bit, so she bustled away to " wash up a bit, and there's that plumpaddin' as I've made extiy rich, for you sec, my deare, eaten cold, with a powderin' of fine sugar, it can very well do for a taste of weddin' cake, and I'm sure you're both welcome to it, for a better young bellow, and that considerate and kind as your young man is. I never wish to let my .fronts to more so." Directly the door closed oa the worthy -soul the girl turned her sad little faoe to ber , lover. "What's the matter, Nelly dear?" as he drew her to his arms; "are yon not happy -sowP" "Yes, Davy dear, bat a girl can't ton sway from home, even from such a home as finine, without being aony to have had to do it Fd like to have married yon, dear, in the ' little obnnh when my mother was married. 1 think the would have looked up bom her . grave to bless pi w we passed." " So wonl4 I, my darling, bat that brnte, yonr step-father, would never have, alio wed yon to many as long as he could have had a drudge for nothing, and he bated me, you know, for some reason of his own." " Yes, I know he did; hated and feared yon, I think, too. At least, once, when the children spoke of yon, be started convulsively at the very sound of yonr name." " Why on earth he shonld fear me I don't know. I wish I could have frightened him into behaving decently to yon. How thin yon are, my love, and such thin clothes for this weather 1 What a beastly shame to starve yon, and not even dress yon properly, and he must have heaps of money too! Well, thank God you bad tbe courage to come to me; and, please God, by ten o'clock to morrow you'll be my own little wife, and be will be powerless to hurt you; bat, darling, I do hope yon won't mind, or think it horrid, bat I'll have to leave you directly it's over f°"liavemet Oh,Davy 1 Where? Why?" "Where? Here, love, with Mrs. Perkins. Why? Because I've not a moment to lose. I ought to be in Cherbourg; in fact, 1 am there now, and I'm in a devilish mess as it is. Sit down on my knee, and I'll tell you all aboat it. (No, she won't come in, and if she did what odds? There that's cosy. One kiss.) Well, this is Wednesday night. Well, yesterday afternoon tbe chief called me into his room and complimented me on my general shrewdness, &c.; said in time he thought I'd be as likely a detective as any in the force, and so on; so I drew myself up, and wondered if I was going to get a rise, when I found he was telling me I was to go off at once to Cherbourg. They had received private and safe information that a fellow we are all after, who's wanted for a robbery, bas gone to Cberbonrg, and I was told off to go after him. It would be a mission of trust, &c.;, and if I did well they would think about promotion, &c.;, and all tbe rest of it. Well, Nell, I can tell you I felt pleased, big as life, and eager to be off and distinguish myself. I was to go by last night's mail to PariB, and on as fast aB 1 could get along to Cherbourg. I ought, in fact, to have got there about three hours ago. Well, I ran home here to tell Mrs. Perkins, and put np my bBg, when I found your letter, darling; and what on earth to do I don't know !" " Ob, Davy, why didn't you go ?" " Well, Ioughtto have gone, butlconldn't. I couldn't let my poor little ill- used Nell ar rive all alone in London, and no one to meet herl Why, Nell, you'd have thought me awfully cruel and selfish and rude to go off, and fancy, when my poor little girl at last had the courage to fly to me, o;p being coolly out of the way I Oh, no, Nell, I just couldn't; and I could not let you know, you see." "Mrs. Perkins would have looked after me." " I daresay; it's all very well to say no now. but come, confess, if you'd landed at Paddington, in all that fog and darkness, all alone to-night, and no Davy there." " Oh, Davy, I'd have gone back, I know I would." " I knew that, so 1 took jolly good care not to be absent, but, by jove, I'd a narrow escape, and even now I turn cold when I think of it. Suppose he did see me !" " Who, Davy, dear ?" " Why, Thompson, our boss. I was waiting for you, you see, when all of a sudden as I was loafing up and down tbe platform I nearly ran right into the old fool. I jnst doubled round, and lost myself in the fog like one o'clock. " Did he see you ?" u I don't think so ; if be did he wouldn't have believed it, cos you see I had got a fellow I know in Paris; I wired to him this morning begging him to wire as if from me back to the office-' Meredith just got far as Paris, all well.'" " Oh, Davy, that wasn't true 1" " Course it wasn't, bat what was I to do?" " If it's found out what will happen ?" " Oh, I expect I'll be dismissed, that's all," be said with a nervous laugh. Truth to say, he felt ill at ease enough, poor fellow ; still, he would not forestall the dread; bad enough to fear it if it came. " What should we live on then ?" " Dunno. Oh, I'd get something else to do. Cheer np, darling, it will be all right." " I hope so, Davy. I shall never forgive myself if it isn't, but I've not told you yet | why I suddenly resolved to come to you." " No, darling, I long to know, but I didn't like to ask you." " Well, last Saturday my step-father brought a man back with him from London-a tall, big fellow, with a hugU black beard, who was very polite, and so on ; and all Sunday things went preLty smoothly, but that night they were both drinking, and I heard father threatening he'd kill this fellow if be didn't agree to something, and they quarrelled, so I lay awake all night trembling and frightened." " Tbe brutes," ejaculated Davy. " Well, on Monday they were friends again, and he (this man, Mr. Smith) began to follow me about, and say such horrid things to me, Davy." " What things ? Curse him I" roared the young Welshman, clenching his fist. " Never mind now; it's all over. Father was cross and surly, and hit me, as I showed you, and swore at me, and cursed me ; and this horrible man tried to pity me. And oh, Davy" (and she bid her face on his sleeve) " be followed me to the dairy, and tried to kiss me. and I struggled with him, and caught hold of his beard, and, Davy, it came off I Oh 1 I was so awfully frightened. I stood looking at him with tbe horrid thing in my hand, and he at me, and then I shrieked ana dashed passed him. He tried to catch me, but I got away indoors, and I made np my mind then I'd come to yon." " That's right, my brave girl; you, know I've been imploring yon to do so for over a year." "I know. Well, when I came trembling down to tea, father and this man were laugh ing, and they called me in, and Smith said he wanted to apologise, and he had his beard on again, and father-told me he was a celebrated actor, who wanted to study a part in a quiet country place, and he wbb afraid if people knew who he was they would be asking him out, and he showed me a book of plays and the part he had to take, and he said he wanted to see how a girl would look in a passion, and that's why he teased me. I could see he was trying to be civil, and father said that to-day I was to go to Bristol market, and I could Btay the night with old Janet, my nurse; and so I thought here was my chance, and so I wrote to yon, and got good old Joey to post it, and you know the rest. I think father got frightened at the way he'd struok and sworn at me on Monday, but I couldn't bear to be with that awful visitor." "Poor Darling." "U yon pleue, my dean, it's bed tbe sweet voting lady wants now, Mr. Meredith, or she'll ban so roses or smiles foe yon to morrow ; it'* jut midnight, so, dearie, you'll jut ssy good night, sot that rm looking you know, bat I think, the oat is under the table, so Til just go tinder and get the poor pussy out, < Pass! Pass t Pass. There now, quite ready I And I know what it is to be voun? myself, not that I ever took much to kisses, relicts of barbaries. I say to my poor dear, which he used to always take me be hind the umbrella stand, and 'old his 'at be fore the lamp when he was going oat, < Deeds not words' I used to say, though, of course, it was kisses, yon know, all the time ! There now, 'Good night, fond lore/ as the play says, and you'll not be too proud to nestle your last maiden hours away by tbe side of Maria Perkins, will yon, my dear, because of the properties, you know. There are such wicked gossips as never was. Good night, Mr. Meredith. Breakfast at eight, and just a rasher and s cab, and we'll all be at the church before we know where we are 1" " And, alas 1 I'll be in Paris before Iknow where I am," sighed the poor bridegroom, as he sought his lonely little, neat baohelor room." " But she'll be my .wife, thank God, and safe with Mrs. Perkins, and no one can take her from me. The next day rose bright and frosty, and, their frugal breakfast over, the little maid of all-work fetched a cab, and the pale, quiet bride and tbe excited, voluble Mrs. Perkins were ready to enter it, when a knock at tbe door made everyone start. Nell expected to see her step-father, but tbe reality was even worse 1 Mr. Thompson stood before them. " So, Meredith, it was you I saw at Pail dington last night 1 This telegram,' Arrived in Paris.' Humph ! Perhaps you will ex plain, sir ?" " It was my fault, sir," broke from pour Nail. Mr. Thompson put up bis hand to silence her. " Now, sir, explain." " I can't, sir. I have done wrong, but I bad no alternative. I would do it again if the circumstances were the same, and 1-I hoped you wouldn't know. I meant to start for Paris this morning, Bir. I expect I'll be in plenty of time even now." " Do you ? And this lady, does she accom pany you V " No, sir, she is to be my wife. The cab is at the door to take her to church to be my wife. Tbatduty to a trusting and defenceless girl done, lam ready to spend ever; energy I possess in your service." " Very good of you, I'm sure, but I fear this kind of divided duty will not suit ns at Scotland-yard. Consider yourself suspended, sir, and hand over your papers. When I have sent your successor off I will hear what you have to say." Silently, because he didn't quite know what he could say, Meredith handed over his papers of instructions, railway pass, &c.;, to the chicf. As he did so a photograph fell at the feet of the trembliDg, weeping Nell. Instinctively she picked it up. As she did so she gave a cry of surprise. Tbe astute de tective looked sharply at her. " What's the matter, young lady ?" " Oh, Davy, Davy, who's that 1" " Why do you ask, Nell ?" " Because that's Smith, tbe man I told you of, who frightened me so, the man whose beard I pulled off." "Are you sure, girl?" cried Thompson, seizing her by the arm in bis excitement. "Absolutely, I could swear to him any where, sir," and her candid eyes looked firmly into bis, peering and inquiring as they were. In a few words David told the chief his sweetheart's tale. "That's our man, I bet my last dollar 1 My girl, you rouBt wait a little for this fine young husband, I fear. If what yon say is true, you have done a good thing for you both. Meredith, you must leave this girl here in charge of your landlady, who seems a fairly respectable old lady-hush, my good j woman, no time for autobiography now and go at once and secure this fellow. Take a couple of men with yon, and if you succeed, well the hundred pounds reward will make this' young lady a pretty little wedding present, I take it." " And my offence, sir ?" " Shall be wiped out by your success." Hastily all was arranged. Nell willingly stayed with the kind old woman, happily ignorant that the careful chief pat a man on to watch tbe house lest the young lady should also be a fraud. To make a long story short, Meredith and his men, aided by bis personal acquaintance with Nell's step-father's house and ways, cap tured their man, who was in due course con victed. Nell's step-father (his cousin) barely escaped being punished as an accomplice, and Meredith received the reward. But before that all happened, Christmas Eve saw a quite little wedding party assem bled round Mrs. Perkins's hospitable board the good lady at one end. Nell and her young husband side by side, and the feared and dreaded chief sharing their festivity, having come on purpose to give tbe bride away, " poor child," and hear all the story of their love. "Well, Mrs. Meredith, good bye. I hope you will be as happy as I wish you to be. That's just for remembrance, you know," pressing a little parcel into her hand. " No thanks wanted : and as to you, young man, the reward will be waiting you at the office on tbe 27tb. Turn up to your work, and re member anothertime when duty and pleasure clash, duty, sir, duty first, Bt all hazards, though, upon my word, young fellow, I be lieve I'd have done exactly the same myself. Well, God bless you both, and a merry Christ mas to yon all, and a happy new year, not forgetting Mrs. Perkins." " And the same to you, sir I which it's quite the gentleman he is, ain't he, my dears 7 And the same to you botb, I'm sure," and, wiping her eyes, the good soul left the young couple to their Christmas holiday. 