THE SECOND 'AT HOME.' The man who holds the keys of laughter and unlocks to wearied humanity the treasure house of mirth is a public benefactor, and the simple epitaph ' He made his fellow creatures smile' should prove a more lasting memorial than half the blazoned records of heroic deeds that live in brass. Happily no one is anxious to write the epitaph of America's greatest humorist Mark Twain, and hetoo would doubt less' willingly be a party to the indefinite post ponement of any euoh oeremoniaL Apparently there -is no limit to the numl-er of people who having read his works arc eager to come under the personal spell of the author of '' The Inno cents Abroad,' aud the' Theatre Royal on Monday night was filled to its utmost cajjacity by an audience anxious to do honor to the magician of the pen. For upwards of two hours the theatre echoed with, merriment, now with the pleasant murmur of the babbling brook, and anon with the louder roar of the swelling river, while even the wearied press man, deprived by managerial success of his accustomed seat, took his laughter standing, and joined with the rest in giving the lecturer hearty welcome. Starting with his little scheme for the regeneration of the human race by inciting them to commit every crime known in or out of the decalogue, Mark Twain soon had his hearers in fits of laughter over the story of the stolen water-melon, or Tom Sawyer's projected crusade in the Holy Land. Mark Twain. A lament for the decadence of the noble art of picturesque lying preceded the relation of the well-known story of the incorporated company of mean men who docked an employe's wages for loss of time incurred while flying through the atmosphere after an accident, while the quaint narration of the contract undertaken by the blue jay of San. Francisco, though equally familiar, aroused roars of laughter. Most of the flowers of humor culled from the fields of his own books must have been as eld friends to Mark Twain's audience, but the manner of presenting them was new, and the fact that the author was re-telling his own stories added to them a j-eculiar zest. The pathos with which the recital of the sorrows of an old slave was invested, the quaint and incisive humor of the difficulties attending early journalism in Nevada, and the dramatic intensity which characterised the repetition of 'Uncle Dan'l's Ghost Story' found ready recognition, and the prince of humorists made his final bow amid loud and continuous applause. 