GENERAL BREVITIES I iS'omo of the best English jockeys earn j above Lilli) a Week. Only one person in four in London earns over LI'a week. The art of knowing men maybe learnt, but cannot lie taught. Russia reported to bo extensively buy ing Australian scoured woo). An exposition of arts and industries will be held in the city of Mexico in IS!)!!. The Chinese settlers of Formosa num ber fully 2,500.000 out of a population of 3,000,000. Japan is almost as large as California, having 147,000 squire miles, while the American state has 158,000. Tlie phosphate mines of Florida num ber 10C, and they yield more than 500,000 tons of phosphate annually. The Japanese believe in ghosts, and picluiially represent them ns pale-faced women, with hair hanging over their The city liuilt by Brutus, the semi mythical discoverer of Great Britain, on the site of tho present London, bore the name of Tro.jr.-Nova. The West Virginia house of delegates has passed a law for ever disfranchising any man having been convicted of selling his vote or of asking money for it. A London linn which has manufactured 1 eight of the eleven cables linking the i United States to .England make fifty- ] five miles of cable each twenty-four In each wing of the ostrich, twenty-six , long white plumes grow to maturity in eight months. In the male these are pure ' white, while those of the female shade to ecru or grey. ' Before semaphore signalling came into ] vogue on English railways a lighted candle at night in the window of a siation- 1 house signified “stop,” while its absence indicated the line was clear. i A native of Formosa is not thought * worthy of any place in a trihe until he bus , brought homo at least one Chinese head. The greater the number of heads the higher he is raised in tin* tribe. Mr John Ruck, an inventor, has sue- 1 needed in crossing tho Channel in a cycle 1 boat of his own designing. He travelled 1 from Dover to Calais, a distance o twenty-one miles, in seven hours and a ! quaitcr. I The cost of the Marseilles and Rhone t Canal is estimated at 80,000,000 francs, . half of which is to be provided by tbe . State and half by the city and the de- . partmeiit. It will bo 33 miles in length, including a tunnel four miles long. There are no telegraph poles in China. ’ This is because the Celestials will not allow a shadow lo fall on tha graves of their ancestors, which are scattered thickly over the whole country. Conse quently all tho telegraph wires are laid underground. The Government of Norway and ( Sweden have decided upon, the purchase of the principal lines of railway now in . tho hands of private companies in these countries. In Swodcn there are 5454 . miles of railway, of which only 1S11 are the property of the State. An apparatus for burning coal dust has been brought- out in Germany. The con- 1 sumption of even the most inferior class of coal dust is attended with no smoke, while the heat produced is so intense that tile apparatus has been adapted in Berlin to smelting works and with excellent re More than half tlie world's supply of tin is mined in the Straits settlement at the tip of tho Malay peninsula. The out put in 1S!)1 was 30,061 tons, out of a total of 5G,G51 ton3 ; 12,100 tons came from the Dutch Ea3t Indies, cliieily from the Island of Banks, leaving only S3S4 tons for the rest of the world. Professor Blackie in his will lias, it is understood, left oisly L4000, having con veyed the bulk of his property to Mrs ■ Blackie before his death. His modern Greek library—said to be one of the finest in existence—lie leaves to Edinburgh University, and after Mrs B'ackie’s death a Blackie travelling scholarship in Greek will be founded. Tho Father of the House of Commons (Right Hon. C. P. Villiors, Bade of Lady Loch), is now m his ninety-fourth year, and for tho last sixty years he has sat con tinuously as member for Wolverhampton. Taking a retrospective glance dowu the long vista of his life (says our London correspondent), the venerable Parliamen tarian remarked on Tuesday : “It is not 1 a good thing for the country that its navy should bo made tha ball of party. Wo , have been getting behindhand, while ( Franco has been creeping on. I have been most interested in-reading Lord Brassey’s ; suggestions about manning the Navy. . I t can recall tho time when everybody thought it the right thing to send a son into tho Navy, and it is unfortunate that ' clio patriotic spirit should decline.” When c Mr Villiers began his public life, Parlia- c ment was paramount in the education of | the public mind. Now, ho says, news- e papers and popular organisations are 6 nearly as powerful as the’House of Com- s mona .in the shaping of opinion. $ 