We appear to bo 011 the brink of-a rovolution with respect to the conduct of tho Public Service. If the, -. contract;, system-, just -inaugurated- proves equal in eftioiency to the' old time wages one, the Public Service, .; as a huge body foeding, on the State, will practically cease to uxist, and a small contingent of inspectors of contracts, backed by some clerical aid in the metropolitan depart ments, and the larger towns, will , practically re present tho State. The new mpvemont has boon inaugurated by Miss . P. J. Powling, who has contracted ;to run ;the postal and telegraph service at Kingston for L65 the first year, with quartern,; and L90 . without them- for a torin of four years more. There aro two Kingstons in Victoria, but- we presume this is tho ono near Smoaton, in tlio Creawick district. Now, lot us examine what this enterprising young lady pur poses to. do for' the nuignificont remuneration of LI 14s 7d odd a week. iSlic lia-s to be on- duty about twelve hours a day - it is proposed 'to re duce. theso to ten, hut wo are not aware when the new., regulation, which will cause frightful lnconvenieuco to the'public, will tako effect— and she will lie required to perform the dutios of post and telegraph mistress, to. attend to tho money order oflioo and postal Savings Bank business, to issuo postnl notes, soil stamps, cards, and despatch ordinary. and '.tulegmpli orders for the transmission ot money, .deliver; - letters and telegrams, and fill up the books and- forms re quired by the multifarious Postal and' E.T.O. Department; As' being required to bo, always on the spot at the countor, sho cannot-, well- deliver lettora and telegrams herself ; ,slio must, neces" sarily employ some hired help, for Kingston is a mining- district, wher e, . if : ever a pocket is touched in tho alluvial mines,, the wires are kept going busily anont share transactions.; And for all this' she is to recoivo tho munificent stipend of LI- 14s 7d por week, and find 1 herself and ho'r staff, except the first1 year;. when' quarters being allowed, she is to be remunerated to'f ho extent of a little more thiui half that sum. After that it. appears shoWill havb to pay . rent as well out of her. thirty-four shillings' arid sevenpencb in ndr dition to wages. Of course,' as citizens and nioin- bers of the body politic, we have no occasion to grumble.at the cheapening of the cost of fho work if the State savesour pockets, hutdespite so much tall talk indulged in as to ''sweating " in' this country, it reully seuiiis to us that ' the 'State is not avorse after all, to taking a hand at the game; How an electrician, who must be cduonted in tlio use of telegraphic 'instruments, and have some faculty for repairing thorn, can undertake to perform such multifarious duties, even in u not very busy district for thirty-four shillings mid soveupencu a week, simply passes our ooinpre- honsion. What will : men uome to if women; are ready to supersede them in their duties at" this Cluimiimn's rate of wage ? I11 this Is ' the' gist of tho whole matter. -Every human being has -'a light to sell -Ilia or her labor, at whatever rate' is' pleasing to either of them. That cannot ho con-' trovertod or gainsaid. But there are social con-! .sequences arising out :of -individual action' with' .which the publicist -lias -to' deal.' 'What will' be? those consequents if women, offering ' their ser-' vices at rates oil which men would starvo, sup-j plant the male 111 industrial ayooations?' How! is the family life to, be ninintained under --thisl new set- of circumstances ? Is marriage' to beo'oine! a tradition, the founding of homes a practice lost ! :imdnhe;tektiom;«veen'.Ae'texte,:'£imri&: 'of j termihablb alliances, thaihtaihabio. only so lougi as the wifeV ns'thb.superior person' in" tlio'partnor-j ship, can earn a pittance suflicienb to oniiblo liorl to indulge, in tlie luxury of; keeping, a husband ?| Are our social ' conditions', turning' topsy-turvqy, i as many of our physical and psychical ones are; ' or nre woall going imad lior-'nor-west 1 All-his torical students know - that, in the evolution " of human dostiny, thero is a . principle that al waya makes foiMight.,,. -But- wlint trouble will our sons and daughters who. have tofaco the future in. the eaily bloom of tlio next century have when they uro brought face. to face.with, and havo'to stonr through the porplexitios whioh, like tlio' ghosts, parading before Macbeth, , ; now , riso- up to threaten! . A very onjoyablo tea and concert was hold in ,tho Meohanics' -Hall at Fryerstown on Tuesday evening in aid of the funds of the ldoal Church of England. The tea, wlnoh.was catered "for 'by Mr Philpot, of Yapoen, was tastefully laid out and waited on by Mesdaraos Roberts, Hooking, and Lear, and the Mibscs Listor, Juoka,-. -Hargriive', . and .Redhouse. .After. .the tea the, conoert, was held, and proved very enjoyable.; ; ;The overture; t,i,Tanoredi,";,was played in good time and touoh by Mrs Hocking and Miss Jacks. The ohuroh ohoir sang "Tho\Merry Elvos"; and ".Desolate is the Dwelling." Tho Fryerstown Glee Club 8arig four - glees." Tho» Liidios," " Lightly Tread,"- " Dame Diirden," and I' The Bolls- of St. Miohaql's Towbri"— vory, well. Mr Hooking sang- " The- King's Minstrol';" " Mr E.; W; P. Rewe. V The White Squall : and Mr' Ketfp ' Good Company. " . Miss 'Jacka sang, " A Little Mountain Lad," nicely. Two solos by.r Mr llasler ",My Queen," ;,and '.'When. Night is Darkest, were miieh enjoyed, as also .were two flute solos by Mr Cook, and a violin solo , by/Mr. Jorgenaen. ;.A quartette,-, ".Sweet and , l.ow,'' , wm, sweetly-rendered by Mr-'and Mrs Hocking; Miss Jacka, and .Mr 'HaBler.-..: Mrs Hocking pre sided very ably at -both -the organ and- piano dur- ing the whole evening. !' y < i , o,- I i 