?BOUT TOWN. (By ?- a Ghost.') 11 But that I'm forbid I could a tald unfold whose lightest wore! i^puld harrow up thy soul.' — Shakespeare. ?* In thesbdayBof plots^nd counter g-lots'- bombs and - dynamite outt^gfls, -deep laid schemes of politiobl reprisals, &c;/, who can say to what significance the most unlikely .event -doth portend. The resi dence of the Premier; *we are told, . haB 1 twice lately been lopersited upon unsuoces' fully by the enterprising Sydney burglar. And that very unsUCbfeBQ^bre'pu'zzTes 'the police department than anything else. 1 Who shall say these bungling 'practice sracksmen were not'minJqng -of tHjTCftuh' sil, 'bent on Securing that1 Land*' and' income Tax Billj. with^ordersJ^.jdestroy it. jo'that they ift^he ^Jouncil) could not again be confronted with it 1 It » in evidenoe that on the second occassip.n the.door.of tbe^pnntry ljad been foroed,: It may have been imagined by these men that the Premier, visiting the pantry b'efordYetir lngf woold 'bsGnt-miide |ly plaoe his favorite Bill uponMav^mlf,s and midst the dreamy .delights of a pob of home made jam, or a piece of cold mutton, go off and leave it:there» Hpw^boutrthe ellianoe bet ween Sir George Tfibbs and Sir Henry Peifkesf Is inything known of their doings these eveninge? Had tbey been seen together? The very olnmsiness of the..twp( unsuccessful . attempta should induce ' the r police to follow 'iip fiifeise unmielakabla clues. The question of that new watch cap hardly be taken- into account, as the old one waa secured at the wy first try.. In all probability on tbe success of either of - these 'attempts uh'the Premier's dwelling reBted-a grave political crisis ;.and now we can only wait with a vague sense of 'dread for .any further developmeat. ? ? * # * .Well, toss up. Heads the Criterion Burlesque, Company ; tails, the Organ I^eoitat, and the dispoa&l; of our time. The diBtribntion' of our patronage rested on Wednesday evening merely on the turn of a coin on the nearest tombstone. It | ceme Organ Recital first time, but that I waB only one to it, and in the end O E ! loBt. The very walls of the old familiar , Academy almost shook with laughter, and out citizens and their wives doubled their frames -and distorted their visages to an extent rarely called for in Hay outside a Council meeting. This is no reflection on the Orgab Recitals which have been offered 1 to us by the Professor since he xcame I amongst us, but just shows the depravity ' of our taste,- or rather tbe uofortunale turn of a coin. 'Igh hart io all very well tf there should be no ' Soroegins ' or ' BlueskinJ' about, but' just for three nights only one couldn't Jeave graoeful Kate. . - ,v , - - Mescotte'^ has ttpped.-ns many win ners. In fact the Ring would have beeu smashed Jong enough ago if we had only planked our ??bit' on his prophesies. But what's the good of a 'win on say a Caulficld National. As soon' as one 'geis his friends around him and fairly started to do-in, down fiops the police, over goes the show. Fined £5 with oosts, and ' you can't change it.1' This is 00 fiction, hut a recent 'Pace' of history. * * * Mr Lewis, the gentleman who came to Hay officially to find out why we wanted tb be cut up into.- wards like a hospital, seems to have very little knowledge of members of Parliament. When con fronted fciUi Mr Byrn©*e signature to two .peti' ions of opposite import, he held that no man could have two opinions. What rot. We have known men hold six. For tunately Mr Leslie Robertson was about, and he explained that he has sold 'em at' 10s-6d apiece, and generally held a good assortment in hand. ,J'' v * * * Two well known figures about town have each packed up the proverbial paper oollar and small tooth j^omb, -and- together in searoh of gold, vanished over tbe One Tree Plain, Finding no opening in the town, the question arises, will 'thoy make one in the country? They can if they have taken a pick and shovel with them. Suppose ' Coolgardie Tom ' should dis cover Wyalongl Anyway it is to bs hoped these bold adventurers won't ' walk into a bog.' y- ? ? The lapBe of years generally makes the greatest frieuds almost, unrecognisable ; but if .dost- nob require ? years in some cases. In passing along theBtreet I met a man who smiled upon me ; bat I knew him not. That smile had changed and so had tho upper lip, I had forgotten that the shearing season had come round once more, and that fleeces and ' moes ' were being sent to market* The wool business should look ap in Hay if this continues, 