OUR TELEGRAMS. (From our Correspondent .} Sydney, Tuesday. REVENUE. The net increase in the colony's revenue for the current financial year is £29 000 as compared with the corresponding period of last year. OOURT MARTIAL. A court martial was held on the Royalist yesterday. A boy, Ferguson, was sentenced to three months imprisonment, and 20 stripes with the birch for striking an officer. | DROUGHT. Cixtrintr fn f)iA rlrnnchf nnrl -frAtvi a^Uah WW wmv — w **v«* vVUWl- causes there have been a decrease ef 20 and 40£ per cent, respectively in the lambing of the autumn and winter of this year. PARLIAMENT. It is stated by a representative member of the Legislative Council that the Assembly has not a ' ghost of a chance' to get the exemption in the land tax conceded by the upper chamber. THE WAR PANIC. ' Maj or Hutton stated last night that should a war panic arise in Australia they would be able, by asoheme initiated by the Govern ment ot JSew South Wales, 10 o.mbine for federal defence io meet the emergency upon an Australian footing. Thus those who joined the forces might, be oalled upon in the future to defend, not only New South Wales, but also the whole of Australia. CYCLING. At Brisbane Cycling Carnival the 5 miles scratch race was won easily by Zimmerman* FEARFUL ACOIuENT. A man named MoManus, a tanner, had his head crushed in a leather press at Munday s tannery, Geelong, and was taken out dead. CRICKET. At Adelaide in the intercolonial cricket match the Victorians in their second innings have lost one wic&et; for 210 runs, J. Harry being not out 106, and H. Tro.t not out 34. VICTORIAN HARVEST. In Melbourne it is regarded as a certainty that the forthcoming harvest will be the lightest ever reaped in Victoria, as hundreds of thousands of acres will never be reaped at all, and the very best of the pa idooas will hardly return a bag to the acre. WESXERN AUaTliALIA. The railway goods shed at Southern Cross (W.A.J was burnt down on Sunday, the damages being estimated at jl30,ooo. COMMERCIAL. In wheat a further importa ion is reported, of about 4,500 bushels, upon whioh duty ?was paid yesterday. Wheat is nominally worth 4/8 to 4/9. Shorn wethers— best 7/6 to 8/10, extra quality 9/10, middling to 7/, imerior from »/? Cattle — extra prime to £9/6/, best £7/16/, middling £4/15/- to £o/lo/, inferior from £8. London-, Monday. The Times says Mr. Reids probable concessions in regard to the Land and Income Tax Assessment Bill should strengthen his position in the view if all moderate minued persons. 