RULES. 1\. No delineation will be given unless the Correspondent forwards the accom panying coupon. 2\. All communications to be marked ■"Palmistry," and addressed to " Quiz Office, Adelaide. " 3\. Each correspondent to use a nom-de plume. 4\. A fee of Is. will be charged for each •delineation. Postal notes or penny stamps preferred. N.B.—I shall ask correspondents to please state their ages, also to write noms de-jplume distinctly on all sketches, coupons, <&c.; I should advise those who are anxious to receive a reply to write immediately. ELISE ST. CLAIR. H.L.—Your hand is very strangely marked, and I should think you have had a lot of worry and trouble, and the struggle to get along has been rather severe. After 35 the adverse lines are less marked, fortune being .more favorable. Widowhood lies in your destiny. M;G.—You are honest and in dependent, industrious, and have good method in work. I am afraid a rather hasty temper. Some unexpected luck comes to you within six months. Your marriage lines are crossed by jealousy. The life fine has good promise and gives a long life. Irene (South).—Your hand is of refined outline, and the well-marked crosses on the mount are favorable , signs of gratified ambition, but this will not be gained without struggle, the heart line having too many breaks to^give ■ Unusualf happiness. It is this line which interferes most frequently with success. Your lines of travel are very clear. During this year there is a decided change in your life. Ajax.—Your sketches are very interesting, the hands belonging to a clearly defined type, and give you a well marked and strong individuality. You have reason and the power of summing up details; criticism and a love of argument, and if sketches be accurate in lines, a dominant will and much perseverance. Literary and scientific subjects should interest. In '96 your lines are particularly favorable. The wrist lines hold monetary promise, Linda.—Youhave a delicate, refined, and sensitive nature; like to have pleasant and artistic surroundings; are sociable and fond of gaiety and amusements. You have a bad sign in the head line which warns you against straining the eyes. The marriage lines are omitted in your sketch. An important event before a year is indicated. Optimus.—Your thumb is drawn somewhat out of shape, but, being set low on the band, indicates capacity and talent. In your fingers the knot of order predominates, which gives you reason, logic, and criticism. The years '96 and '98 are favorable periods in your life line. A sign also of a monetary gain shortly. Coolgardie.—You have a good deal of resolution, dash, and vivacity; rather impulsive and inclined to be careless; would get good effects in work, but would not be very particular about details. You are also candid and outspoken, and dislike secrecy and doubt. Your fortune line is well marked, and at one period leads to considerable wealth. Will marry before twelve months. Pube Grit.—Your hand indicates a liberal and somewhat thoughtful nature, perhaps too easy-going and unselfish for the furtherance of your own interests. The head line indi cates a good memory, love of music, and a fair amount of ambition. A well- marked success crosses your life within two years; this comes from across water. Fire is somewhat adverse to your destiny. Anxious (P.A).—Your hand is finely drawn, and gives you a rest less, ambitious, and original nature. You will never be satisfied with what you achieve, but constantly desire to do better. There are many adverse signs both in love and ambition, and you will have many difficulties to overcome; but your hand is too full of character to regret these. This year brings a very fortunate event. A broken engagement, also widow hood, are indicated in your life. Ruth—I regret that your sketches are so cramped and inadequate—you have quite omitted the lower part of the palm. So far as they permit me to judge you are rather timid and lacking in self-confidence, inclined to underrate yourself and your .abilities. The life line indicates a somewhat delicate constitution. Percy II.—Your hand denotes firmness, resolution, and originality. The triangle, as drawn, is remarkably fine, and with the well-turned^out thumb gives generosity, and a love of adventure and novelty. Your line of success in vocation has two big breaks, and the success you win will be gained by your own energy and perseverance. '96 will be an eventful and on the whole prosperous period. Marian.—Your hand has remark able lines jn the quadrangle, which make the years from twenty-five to thirty the most eventful in all your life. You have a self-contained nature, are not easily deceived By flattery. I should say like the best things for yourself, and are quite able to look after your own affairs. In marriage you will desire to rule. G.G.D.—You judge quickly, sum [ up details en masse, not troubling to analyze. Your conclusions may be fairly accurate, but they will be arrived at instinctively rather than logically. Should say you have a good deal of determination and perseverance. These aid you in the line of success, which is of good indication. The vital line shows vigor and long life. May (E.M.).—Your lines are very clear and finely marked, but the crosses on the lines of life and Apollo cat off much of your luck and success in earlyj years. In the period/96 there is good ] indication of monetary gain; one great sorrow deeply marks the vital line. A more than average length of life. Fate—Sickness crosses your domestic line within the period indicated, but not very seriously marked. A monetary loss or dispute is shown this year; care of business or other documents. Your future has many good indications, and within two or three years a favorable sign of gift or legacy from across water. Spoonbill.—You have much dash and originality of character; are am bitious, straightforward, and in any emergency should have ready resource and retain your presence of mind. With such dominant lines you should make much of your life. Your position improves considerably in '97, which has many good signs. A fortunate sign crosses your palm shortly. Popsy.—The emotions rule in your fate, your heart always dominating your head; rather lacking in resolution and self-dependence, you are inclined' to take things to heart too nxueh ; this deepens the adverse lines and, if not avoided, detracts from your chances of happiness. There is certainly a great change in your life during this year. At 25 your life period is particularly bright. Mildred.—With such large and deeply lined palms you may err on the side of being too generous and easy-going, and through indifference lose many chances of success in your life. The best life period is marked between 26 and 30, Tjyo marriage lines ar@^hdw4^iafyb|ir Jpiie.- S^'f Top Rail.—-You have detail and tact; the head line gives you ability, method, and order, but you should be stronger in perseverance; you do things spasmodically. A rather adverse in fluence of another person crosses your destiny, and in friendship your line I am sorry to say is not lucky. In marriage there comes a reverse of fortune. Sandy.—You haw a /ve£y, strong fate line; which, though brokeiT by a loss of position or money through an error in judgment about the middle ■ < period of life, regains, and ultimately leads to a fair amount of wealth. Your life line is of average length, but, if correctly drawn, you will have I some severe illness. Your present life period is ruled by a specially favorable influence. One day a flash of lightning struck a mortal (The ghost he didn't yield) Above his heart, and in his bospm pocket A Bible was his shield. A marvellbus deliverance, and worthy Of any poet's rhyme; But just suppose that mortal had been reading His Bible at the time. Nurse (bearing a bundle of lace, &c.;) —" There, Bobby, here's a dear little brother, just come from God." Bobby (aged five)—" That ain't my brother Nurse; I ain't got one, you know ; he must belong next door." Nurse—"No, no, dear; he is your brother • come and give him a kiss." Bobbie (doubt fully)—" What's Ms name ?" Nurse— "Oh, he hasn't a name yet." Bobbie (triumphantly)—"Then you're a story, and he can't be my brother. Our name is Smith, you know, and if he were my brother his name would be Smith, too, wouldn't it ?" Little Willie (to his mother) — " Mamma, dear, wont you please cut off a lock of papa's hair for me? Sympathetic Mother — " Certainly, dear. (Turning to her husband Did you hear that, John^ Wb would have given a child like tha credit for so much tender sentiment f Little Willie (explaining)—" You ma, my rocking horse has lost i tail " (Quick curtain.) Old Lady—" There is one thing noticed particularly about that youni man who calls to see you. He see: to have an inborn instinctive res for woman as though she were being from a higher sphere, to approached with the utmost delica and deference." Granddaughter (sw eighteen) — " Yes, he's horriblj bashful." 