S p o rtin g litis . far. tw fresh candidates for the Victoria Racing Club ffli-m l:k«ly .to f-'jwsrd, and it is quite on lho cards that the retnii gir-.imbfcs will be rc- elccted w itiout opposition. Mr ii J-icdton, the patentee of the Queensland riarting machine, will be in Alel bourne riiorlly, sod it is probable that he will be given i n ; pj*crtuiiity uf exhibiting his paienLot Flcm-i gioii. Mr Jam es ’ lie *hy ?r.«. killed while hauling in Adelaide on fteiur.tay week, was the eldest on t/f Air William .Pile. «t one time owner of First W ater and The Assyrian. J mbcr Pile was unlv 18 yours of age, and last year was his first reason with the hounds, lie was an exceedingly promising young fellow, and his parents will be deeply tympalhised with in their Iob*. A phenomenal score was made ou Friday af-ernoon by Murdoch, the cx-tus (ration crickr-tcr Murdoch, in playing f <r tbe Sussex County eleven ugoinsi om'tridge University.scored 226 runs, which he completed in 6$ hours. W . R Wilson is expie’erl back from Wes*. Auotrana at the end uf the month. 'h e date of the closing of trie Albans lottery will probably be decided upon early in July. Following on the enquiries made from Eng'and *y» a coupte of Musket sires in uckland, a price was asked to be pul upon the Musket horse Artillery, who is from the Vuttcndon more Ouida (dam of rallunore.etc ) The figure asked did <ot lead to a deal. I hear 2000 guinea? hs the sum wanted. Kirkconnel ran in tbe Newmarket •Stakes, which his stable companion The •ir Blundell Maple declared h Kirkconnel.wbo started at 6 to 4, but he faded to get a place, while: The OwL a 20 to 1 chance, scored from »iara and Sir Visto. A fa st bicycle ride from Sydney to Melbourne was completed on Juno 14 by : Mr Jenkin Llewelyn, a Sydney cyclist. The riaer covered the distance between the two cities in 5^ days,despite racstun* favorablecondiuonb uf roads end weather Tbe wheelman, who is of exceptionally linrdy constitution, returned to Sydney by steamer the day arte" arrival, and mean* to try for a record over tbe same road neit November. Makers in Paris arc giving attention to perfecting petroleum motors for cycles. * tricycle fined with such a motor ran now lie purchased for £ 46. Experiments recently made showed that petroleum cycles are iu eve y way serviceable. In consequence of the recent fine weather enormous scores have been made in the English cricket matches. Already SO individual scores of over 100 have been made ibis season, including the following:—W G Grace, 125 against Kent, this being his fifth scire over a century; R. S Lucas, 185, and Sir T. C. O’Brien, 202, agaiuri Sussex; R. Abel, 157 against Lancashire. The extraordinary demand for bicycles continues io most American cities, but chiefly in Chicago. Second-hand machines arc scarce at any price, and makers are working double turn to e itch lb supplies of new wheels. It is hat ia Deliver &street; car company has been compelled to reduce weges because the bicycle has made ruch inroads into its iccenue, tbe statement being that erttber rcceipls fall 50 percent A Chicago paper, the Referee, figures that if there are 100.000 people using bicycles in the city it would deprive the transportation lines of 10,000 dollars a bay or ov<r three millions a year. Frank Slavin and Charles Mitchell have been touring in Scotland, where exhibitions of boxing have been highly appreciated, The men bavemade exhibitions a little bit “ willing.” Indeed so vigorous have been the encounters that oil obo evening, where there present quite a force of' detectives nrd poli-emen io plain clothes, Mr Kean, the proprietor of the theatre, pleaded with Mitchell and Marin to play lighter. The intelligence spread that warm work was to be seen, and on Saturday evening, May 11. the hall could not hold all those dcaiiona of seeing the l«vo heavyweights, arrangements had to be made to give portal performance. Mitchell has been feted at several Glasgow "West J<nd clubs, ami Marin has been presetted by porting ge-nlt-man with a coally gold three-quarter-plate hunting watch, in relation of ilso Australian's victory the Coffee Cooler and his boxing career generally. Air Len-ta Hcrreshoff in his admirable in tbs Jtadmf/ituu series of “ Yachting" issued last year puintseut that local conditions of weather and sea always govern the type of boat best fitted to tbe:r surroundings That tliis is very true is evident from the difference to be observed the construction of our racing fleet of 24-footers and tho c to be seen in Sydney and Brisbane waters. There, owing to paratively land locked waters, tbe scantlings are lighi and the sail area large, while the ballast carried to enable them to s'&ndupto; their canvas is usually of (bat description known as “ live/' Here the exposed eondi i >n of our bay dvrs it necessary that the boai s should be stoutly built 0<<d the dead ballast of suffiei-nt weight to render them safe under any possible c ntmgeneies light weatlnr, therefore, our boats would uotstand “ a ghost of a show” with those of the (wo colonics mentioned, wild in a stiff o"eez*, with a heavy ses, the qualities of our craft should a'aud them in good stc*i. Ormonde, “ Uje horse of the century,” the peerless champion of (he turf in 1886, has a formidable rival in c'aim to the distinction in Isinglass who equally superior to everything else the tu rf in 1893 Ormonde proved himself the undeniable master of Minting, and the latter’s g cat performances after the former's retirement, further accen tuated Ormonde’s excellence. Ip lijke m anner tho consistently good performance of Rivensbury, who was downed by IsinglAss every time they met, show what a great horse the latter must be. Admiitii-g that there was greater merit tnonde’s several victories over Minting, than in the frequent triumphs of Is n- glass over Ravensbury, Lhero remains the fact that Isinglass has run on at f and 6 years, accomplishing groat feats, while Ormonde retired from the turf w ith his umblemivhed 3yr-old honors thick upon him, and, therefore, while the more matured performances of ItiogLsv prominent features of turf history, all th at can be said concerning Ormonde is tb e t his 3yr-old running justifies the assuiuptiOB (hat be w-mld bare accom Relied all that Jelnglapa has done had ie seen set the task Comparisons, however, cannot b’e based upon what might have been, and it will not bo prising to bear that many gi od judges in England allow Jsingl to noisesa equal c’aiina with Ormonac, to bo considered “ the horse of the century," After fairly sweeping tbe hoard at 9yra by winning tho Two Thousand Guineas. Newmarket Stair D/rl>y, and S t Lrger, Jringlsti. w only started three times iu lho followi .. year, added no less than £31,009 to his am ount won in stakes by annoxing the Princess of Wales Stakes, EcFpso Stakes, and Jockey Club Stakes, ear y ine 10it Sills, lOit 21b*. and 106 21bs, and' further ev id en t of the merit these three winsis suppUc.i in thefartth among those who finished behind him wc L adas (twice), Uavensbury (twice) R* burn (thrioe), and Throstle. Mr MoOal wont'fl champion has opened another season well by winning the Ascot Oo'd C up l««t lli-iraduy, folloved liom* L two good performers of the present season, Reminder, who recently won the Oily and Suburban Handicap, and AH* a&Uagh;&n;, winner of the Chester Onp. 