HEART DROPS. A Memorial Volume. By the lato Evangeline Bullock. That was the title, nnd it had been written out large and plain in the big sprawling laddor liko hand which was hers, whilBl 6he yet abode in this valo of toara. Thoro it stood in nil its teautiful baldnesB on tho outside sheet of the great package of foolscap. Pure self-pity — the bittereBt feeling of iili — mudo the girl's tears flow in torrents. 'I liko 'Heart D:opa,' ' she murmured. 'It's bo Bweet and 6imple — and so true bet- ides. It's very pathetic and I'm a very miserablo qirl.' And then Miss Bullock dried hor oyes and set to work thinking about Tho Prefuce, There must be a Preface. Nobody publishes n volumo of poetry without a Preface — especially no dead person. Of courBotbo easiest nnd host thing -would havo beon to have the poema found after her early und mournful deutti by a third paity, who would bo a poet himself, and ?who would bo moved to wiit.e some touching lines about them nnd their fair J'ounj; author. If only sho could bo euro that Swinburno or Sir Henry ParkeB would cull in tho nick of time and twang his lyre for her, it n-ould bo Bplendid. But !Evango!ino wns a prudent young woman, though fihe had made up her mind to write her posthumous pootry and then die, and she know thut distinguished poots aro not in tho habit of attending inquoats on doud servant girls at Woollcomooloo lodging houfos. And ivhat would sbo do then without a Pre face ? Sho must have one, uncl it wus part of her hurd lot that bIio would have to provide oven tbiB little thing herself. She had no idea how difficult it wat to write the few lines of prose which were to tell the world something about hor and hor Heart Drops. If it hud been poetry it would have been easier, for she could write poetry till her paper waB all usod up. But who felt thut the occasion doinauded prose. Whut had the to say? Something, ut any ra'o, which wou'd move the cold woild to taks a living interest in the bright youug life which hud i^one out — or would noon go out — in tuura und darkness. * Jobnston The more eho thought about the Prefueo, tho more her eyes wore biindod with the. tears thut lynipathy with the world weeping- over her sad late forced from them. Then cuine tho ro iolleetion thnt the Prtifnoe would bo read by ihe Falso One, aud with that recollection cumo ihe determination to be diyuifieel in her griuf, io that he might feel bis wickodueas tho mure .?eenly. He hud ruined her life. It whs he vho hud drowned m tears tho bright hopes .fhich had joyfully sprung round her, ho whose houvy uud brutul tietid hud crushed out the beauty und the breath from tho Heart whosB Drops were now poured out undor the gozo of a pitying world. Thon she turned over to tho socond shoot und wrote quickly : 'PREFACE. A Sorrowing friend has by chance found the following Pourns, whoso surpuseing beauty imd pathos will oommoud them to the heart of the Discerning Public. He gives them to tho world just as ho found them in tho end and deserted boudoir of the Fair Young Girl whoso name stunds on the title-page. l\ir bo it from anyone to seek to ponotrute into the Holy of Holies of ibis Deud Maiden's Heart or to wring from her agouizod lips, now muta in Death, tho and n-crot which she bus carried to her mournful and premature Grave. One person ulono euu now f-pouk with authority on the mitter. Just us the Midnight Mur derer alone knows for certain how or why or when ho quenched tbo lifo-Epriag of his de serted and wretched victim, so only Jervois Buxton Robineon, of ull men alive, this duy, can say why tbe Swoet Singer whoso voice is now hushed in deuth nud whoso Syren Sivan Strains ure now wafted heavenward to meet her enfranchised spirit — why, in short, Evan geline Bullock is no lo ger with us. With those few words of introduction, the writer, who detiros only to bo rombmborod us a Loving Worshipper of tho Dear Dead Poet, leaves her and tho World f uce to fuce. H.P.' Now that she hud got tho Prfface done, Miss Bullock did not quite like it. Perhaps readers ?would not immediately recogDiBo tho initials. But thoro would be the sumo danger, no mut ter whose initials tsbo placed thero, aud you must trust your public to have some comm'on Beuse. A more serious objection wus to tbe style. It wus hurdly dignified enough. It wanted ropose. Especiully it wanted more capital letters and more motnphors. Well, oho really couldn't u-o more metaphors in the Pro face; if sho did, she'd huvo uono to spuro for the Drops, und that would never do. As to tbe capital letters, why she could easily supply what was wanted bofore tsho died. Then there wns something shivery about leaving rondors face to faco with a Doud Poet. Why should uho hnunt these leadoraf They had never douo her uuy hurtn. On tho cou trury, thoy would pruiso her und pity her nnd waop over her ; thoy would orect a memorial to her memory in tho Art Gullery or Puikes' Dead House; they would probiblv havo her buBt put up in WcBtmiuster Abbey. So why should she set herself out to human them with her ghost? .No, H.l^. must modify his Pre face. In his new odition tho privilogo of standing face to fucu with hor in hor mouldy cemetery garb must bo strictly resorved to Jertois Buxtou R.obinHon, ITulso Ono, Traitor, Murderer of her Lovo ? » * * 'Evio! Eviu !' sung out a Bhrill voico from dowiiBtuim. ' It's closo on G o'clo.'.k, aud thei boarders will bu coming homo for thuir ton and not a thing luid yet, and I'm going out to night and tho tea not. mudc. ' 'Coming, Mrs. Humilton, coming,' roplitd Evungoliuo as she hurried down stairs to pur form tho menial offices to wtiuti itu uultiud futo had condemned her, After tho daily btihtlo whb over, Miss Bullock found hersolf ulonu in tho house, aud no sho dotormined to ait down in tho dining room aud finish her Hourt Drope. And after a bit one of tho lodgors lot hinitelf in by his latch-key und cauio into tho sitting-room, whorohe found the poor little aluvey i'uBt asleep in front of u big pile of foolseup. Of course, ho was a gentleman — evory lodger is u goullemuu down WoolloouMoloo way— but still ho had enough of tho lady about him to induce him to esam ino tho foolscap, urd enough of more roan to in like him kips Evnugelino. ' Yuu owe mo a pair of gloves, Evisi,' ho nnid us 6liu woko up startled. ' But I'll let you oil for unottior kiss, you look eo pretty.' ' ' Aud whut's this, Evie ? ' ho in-iuirod an he rend the title. 'Honrt Drops. A memorial voluir.c. hy tho luto Kvangolino Bullock.' Who's liho, in tho nniiir of coiiftuiuiieu' Ynu'ro not the lutn Evungclitio liulloek — exc.pt some inics in tho inon.itig, may hn. And, oh ! Evio, what a titie ! ITuncy ' Mullock's Heart Drops ' ! ' Miss Bullock was runlly angry now, and ii\o expressed herself iu langungo wliiuh would uot h:ivo commended itself to tho cultured public, and wliioh in, thorufora, hero omitted. But Angel didn't seem to pay «ny attuntiou. Suddenly ho broke in, ' Look hero, Evie, I'm a Equuro man, and I liko a square doul. Without knowing it you huvo suggi sled a rut tling good thing to mo. You'ro a decent girl, und I've always liked you. AVill you marry me f ' Evaogeline said il was suddon aud she boxed hia eirs, which is n moro incident in Woolloo mooloo courtship. But uho listonod to him nouo tho lets carefully na ho explained hims-alf. He wns a chemist's assistant, who was prao ticullj manager of tho shop in which ho worked. Ho hud hit upon aomo now method of mixing bread uud water und opium, which he reckoned would supply a long- felt want in tho human Gtoinuch, But the public wouldn't ndministor it to that useful but unromanlic department, simply, ns tho tnkntod inventor thought, be ciuiso it hadn't got u catchy namo. And tho girl's poem hud just givon him tho very name. ' Bullock'a Heart Drops' wns a very unplene ant title fern volume of poetry. But, make tUa 'Bulloek ' ' Anjrol,' uud how would ' Angel's Heart Drops' do for tho invigorating medicine which he hud invented ? He was perfectly right. Bullock waa motn morphised into Angel, the little mixture, widely advertised »B ' Angel'B Hourt Diops,'' found its ready way into millions of humun Btomuchs, which guped for moro in un alarming but most Butii-fuctoiy inuuncr. Mr. Angol's furtuuo »vi B made. He wus duly knighted, nuel now Lady Angel doesn't worry ubout Memorial Volumes, or Prefaces, or Jervois Buxton Robinton or anything else. # « * Poetry a drug in tho market, old man ! Don't you wish it wub 'i 