NUGGETS. The date of the Miners' Institute ball has been lixed for Wednesday, February 20th. In connection with the St. Patrick's Day sports, Messrs. i'looUmau & Co., tlie well-known clothiers, have promised to present a trophy, in the shape of a gold medal, value ±o fc to tile winner ol tiie Championship Race (J0U yards). " Sutton," or Bob Sievier, the erstwhile Victorian bookmaker, and the present matrimonial alitt-che of mi Earl' daughter, has secured a competence by liis marriage, aud keeps a string of racelioraes. Ills yom-di-counc is J.ir. Punch and he has appropriately named a smart lilly which he possesses Judy. At the flame time, Lady tievier owns a crack racing dog, -which she calls Toby. Bob's life lias fallen in pleasant places, where there is not even n Jjord Uewhurst incident to disturb li is happiness. "Revenge," said Tojmuv. alter a whipping, as lie entered Hie pantry, and consumed several pots of his mother's jam, "is sweet." Pens, pencils, and writing paper, envelopes, and c\crything required felt-amp, office, bank or store, just arrived. —" jUUllCHISON TIMKS" Ofllue. H jisbaud (off for a journey): " Bo you often tlimfi of ;jje when ] am gone ? ' \\\ ile: " inueed, i do. Jt, ta!,es pica week to get the smell ol smoke out oi the | house." No .matter how strongly a man pretends that lie Itpesn'li believe in ghosts, it iuay be doubted if fie ever goes hv a churchyard at midnight without 1'eeiing as if something was going to grab him from behind. Ethel; " What made people think they were husband and wife' Flank: " Why, whenever he related n, good story she always interrupted him hv saying he'd left out something." The mirser.y/iiai/lj v.'hruling the perambulator, meets papa and mamma, P. anil M. are delighted. l'apa: " Oil, let's take a peep at dear litti," i>otsy tootsy !" Maid: "(Jracipus goodness! I forgot to put the baby ill!" A stationer's traveller, having had a run of bad luck in prosecuting business, rccejywl from his employer the following telegram• " if you cairt Jljako p.^penseb, home at once." 'Die reply was, " All right. Can ninlie plenty of expenses, but no sales." i iii filing night, witu w who v stiiij'ii'M. lb.- Cibbs hiziesi. W.M- viried and who the stingiest, was the | ar.d Nilibs Hie ):i"icsl.' .lulison : '• Who was the smallest -.' ' (ivigMin: "Thatwasn't decided. Every man ; voted Tor himself." v r i: "We couldn't think of any- j e'to do a I. the club tlio other we look a M.eret ballot to decide ! the siuartof man in the crowd, Jackson tells me the last filing he |e was accepted. Do you know what " Yes, his resignation.'' Mater : '• I'm afraid there is something v wrnug with the baby; he sleeps so much." Paler: " Don't worry, dear: he may grow up to be a great policeman." •' 1 never pays no attention to tile man thai, talks loud and boisterous in bov. ifVicc," remarked the new ofii " !!e only avis that way there 'c; he darn'i at home." J-Vllicr : •• Yes. 1 admit your lover lias a good income, but lie has very expensive tastes, very." Laughter: "You amaze me. what does he ever want that is so very expensive ?" Father : " Well, you, for one tiling." 