NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Zoo. The Dean case. London wool sales. The French budget. Imperial federation. Town Hall to-night. Lily Langtry's jewels. "The Grand Duchess." The Harmonie Society. Robberies in Melbourne. French railway scandals. A Spanish cruiser wrecked. Dispute over diseased cattle. The French war vote reduced. Eighty-two columns for one penny. The rebellion in Cuba progressing. Congregational Union in England. Proposed board of trade in Victoria. Lyells are quoted at 74s. in London. Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. , Silver is now quoted at 30 11/16d. per oz. French demand reparation from China. Bidding spirited at the London wool sales. The crew of the Spanish cruiser were saved. American sympathy with the Cuban rebels. Sir Julian Salomons adheres to his state- ment. This morning's Advertiser consists of ten pages. A big development of the I.O.U. district re- ported. Mass meeting at Chicago re the Cuban re- bellion. Mr. W. Pritchard Morgan leaving for West Australia. Lily Langtry claiming £40,000 for the loss of her jewels. Combings in strong demand at the London wool sales. Eighty-two columns in this morning's Advertiser. Rebel torpedoes said to have been fatal to a Spanish cruiser. "The Grand Duchess" promises to be a magnificent production. The Kathleen Gold Mining Company has been floated in London. The annexation of Cuba by the United States has been advised. The experiment with Parker's solution for fruit has proved partly successful. M. Magnier has been arrested in connection with the French railway scandals. A grand amateur performance by the Har- monie Society on Saturday evening. Dr. Pasteur's funeral is to be attended by M. Felix Daure, the French President. Sir Julian Salomons gives a circumstantial account of the alleged confession of Dean. Mr. T. H. Jones will act as conductor of the Harmonie Society in "The Grand Duchess." A report is current at Hindmarsh that a ghost has frightened a number of people there. Leading articles in this morning's Advertiser —"Business and Exploration" and "English Politics." There are upwards of 200 ladies and gentle- men engaged in the production of "The Grand Duchess." A concert at the Town Hall to-night in aid of the benevolent fund of the United Daughters of Australia, John Bull is both enterprising and ener- getic, and prides himself on his possession of these qualities. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor presided over the Executive Council on Wed- nesday morning. Herr Knick is supervising the production of "The Grand Duchess," which will be produced first on Saturday evening. The British Empire grows constantly more massive and complex, involving relations that are world-wide and diverse. The Congregational Union in England has declared that the reunion of Christendom is not within measureable distance. The South Australian Cyclists' Association will entertain Mr. A. A. Zimmerman, cham- pion cyclist of the world, at a smoke social on October 12. The boom in West Australian gold stocks grows stronger daily. The scene in the vicinity of the Stock Exchange is one of excitement and activity. The gold-bearing belt may be traced from Coolgardie to Mount Christie; "still," says Mr. Moseley, "it is a terrible country to prospect in." Lord Brassey's suite comprises the Earl of Shaftesbury, Lord Richard Neville, and Mr. Freeman-Thomas (aides-de-camp), and Captain Wallington (private secretary). To preserve the integrity and independence of the Ottoman Empire, while securing the execution of reforms in Armenia and else- where, is an intricate problem. One young man well known in the city left here two years ago for Coolgardie a poor man; to-day he is the holder of 4,500 Great Boulders and is worth close on £100,000. Mr. Davitt will stay a couple of days at Perth and will remain nearly a fortnight on the goldfields. Alderman Whelan has arranged a reception for him at Kalgoorley. The railway revenue for the week ended on September 28 amounted to £22,747, as against £22,009 for the corresponding period of last year, showing an increase of £738. The Government, with the concurrence of the Assembly, have arrived at a sensible con- clusion regarding the construction of a second telegraph line to Western Australia. The committee of the Chamber of Deputies, which has the French Budget proposals under consideration, has reduced the estimates of the war expenditure by 17,000,000 francs. The consideration of the State Advances Bill in committee will be resumed in the Assembly this afternoon directly the pre- liminary business has been disposed of. Mr. Carr-Boyd appears to have passed through good country until within 70 miles of Warrina, when he struck the howling desert that extends from Hergott to Oodnadatta. While home affairs are .allowed to remain practically dormant the Salisbury Government has already manifested considerable vigor and energy in dealing with foreign complications. The whirlwind of party politics in Great Britain which raged so furiously a few weeks ago, wrecking the Liberal Party in its course, has been succeeded by a period of unruffled calm. Mr. A. W. Smith has been working his hardest for months past to render the per- formance of "The Grand Duchess" the best ever attempted by amateurs in South Aus- tralia. The Salisbury Government met the new House of Commons with the frankest possible intimation that for the present at least it was committed to nothing, and did not intend attempting to do anything. The first European child has been born in Manica, a territory of the African Chartered Company. To signalise the event it was named Rhodes, and the company made the infant the free grant of a farm. Mrs. Langtry, the well-known actress, has entered a claim of £40,000 against the Union Bank of London, that being the amount at which she values the jewels deposited for safe- keeping with the bank, which they recently gave up on the presentation of a forged order. The Port Augusta Dispatch publishes an interesting letter from Mr. G. R. Milbank, another explorer, who left Port Augusta some months ago and reached Mount Margaret, 200 miles from Coolgardie, after travelling through the Great Victoria Desert and covering 1,200 miles on foot in 11 weeks. The criminal calendar, which, though it looked very imposing at the outset was con- siderably reduced on Monday when the ar- raignments came on, was still further cut down on Wednesday, when the Crown Solictor entered a nolle prosequi in the case of William John Cairns, who was charged with libel. Antiquarians are puzzled over a discovery recorded from Hungary. An architect claims to have unearthed evidences that the ancient Romans understood, as early as the second century, the art of printing and made use of movable types, some of which are said to have been discovered during excavations at a Roman encampment. Sir Wilfrid Lawson in an election speech, said the Bishop of Chester had spoken of drink as "a good Creature of God." "Of course it was. A tiger was created by God; but just imagine. one walking into the Bishop of Chester's Palace. The bishop, on seeing it, would say, "Take that creature away to the Dissenting Ministers' Home." 