CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The anniversary services of the Parkside Primitive Methodist Sabbath-school were held on March 10 and 11. In the morning Miss "Vincent and Miss Cummins conducted the service. In the afternoon the service of song, "Golden Flitch," was given by the choir and children, assisted by others. The interesting story was well read "by Miss Janet Sutherland. The evening service was conducted by the Rev. R. J. Daddow, who gave an address on "Christ's attitude towards children." The singing of the children, who were trained by Mr:.D. Leak, Miss Win wood presiding at the organ, was much appreciated. A fair number gathered to the tea on Monday, but many persons were prevented attending through the rain at the time of the tea. After the tea the service of song, "Golden Flitch," was re peated. The chair was taken by the superin tendent, Mr. J. E. Robinson, and the annual report was presented by the secretary, Mr. C. Arney. On Sunday, March 10, harvest thanksgiving services were . held in the Enfield Wesleyau Church when three appropriate sermons were Ereached, those in the morning and afternoon y the Rev. J. G. Jenkins, and that in the evening by the Rev. W., A. Bainger. The services were continued on Monday evening, when the Rev. W. A. Bainger delivered a lecture on "Steps toward manhood," which was both interesting and instructive. Several anthems were well rendered by the choir, and a song by Miss Bertram was much appreciated. Mr. W. G. Lewis presided at the organ. Mr. J. Clark occupied the chair. Anniversary services in connection with the Semaphore Wesleyan Sunday-school were con ducted last Sunday morning and evening by the Rev. T. A James, of Port Pirie ; and at a children's service in the afternoon Mr. J. R. : Thrum presided. Special singing was given by the church choir and scholars.- .. Mr. P. Sansom officiated as conductor, Mr. P. P. Plum ' mer played the organ, aud Miss Mead accom panied on the piano. A solo, "What is heaven," rendered by Miss C. Fairweather, was much appreciated. On _ Tuesday evening a public meeting was held in the church, at which Mr. W. Lathlean, the Sunday-school superinten dent, presided. Addresses were given by the chairman and Mr. J. R. Thrum, the Rev. J. C. Hill, and the Rev. Isaac F. Row, secretary of the Anglo-Indian _ Evangelisation Society, who has recently arrived in South Australia. Musical selections were contributed by the scholars. Mr. R. Wilkinson (secretary)readthe balance-sheet and report. The former showed the receipts for the year to have been £15 14s. Id. and the expenditure £38 0s. 9d., leaving a balance in hand of £7 13s. 4d. The report stated that the numbfer of scholars on the roll was 333—178 girls and 155 boys, beiug.an in crease on the previous year of 32. Tliei average attendance had been 1S8. A Sunday-school visitation committee appointed dining the year had visited the homes of scholars who, through distress, had remained absent from the school.' Some of their wants had been re lieved by money subscribed voluntarily by the scholars in better circumstances. The anniversary of the Ovingham Wesleyan Church was celebrated on Sunday. The oreaehers were Mr. Bra^r and the Hon. F. W. Holder. On Monday evening tea was taken and a meeting followed. The chair was occupied by Mr. A. W. Ralph. The Rev. P. C. Thomas reported that the income—£67—liadheen ex pended, and that £10 had been paid oft" the debt. Addresses were given by Messrs. E. J. Pearee and J. Harry. The choir gave selec tions. There was a good attendance. On Tuesday evening the Rev. G. E. Wheatley lectured in the Brompton Wesleyan Church on " Ghosts, or fallacies that frighten anti-reforms." There was a good attendance, and the Rev. P. C. Thomas presided. Miss A. E.: Stephens sang "Ave Maria" and Mr. J. S. Gunn "The gift," and Mr. T. J. Bishop was the organist. 