PRESENTATION TO A MINING MANAGER. Last evening at Golden Square, Mr H. Reed, who has been for the last eight years mining manager of the Garibaldi Company, and who has been appointed to the Great Ex. Hustler's' Coni pdnyi was on tortai ned by '/tho em ployes of tho former; minq./ Tiibre were 40 or ■50 pr<JBoqt,' and ’the' chair '.was occupied by Mr OP.. Dunlop, 1 end' ’bf-tho 'engine drivers, while jn tho’ vico-chair was Mr-T.' R, Morrison, who has beenomployod jq tho rriiho for tho last 14 .yotirflj iand is one of the' uodorgroondliosBOS, ■ M ..very- :■ raohoroho had'• be'en ■‘provided. r a’pd after full ■jdalioe had;boqb dbnb to it Mr Dunlop proposed tho,toast-of 'The Queen.” Do.,then gsvo Ghost,” and in doing, so ssid/thofc Mr Reed 1 ‘rioycr forgot’ the safety of; the employes*' HVos and limbs during lils manogoment of Ui'o'minef During 7 the period; the claim was In 'his bbnrge thorO never had” bHcrv an accident,* althooghthh Storking of tho wss ' one greatest- OHro and attention. Tho workmen wore all : sorry to lose' him; bht they were glad ho woe bettering bis position. Mr Bouohicr sup» M .ported 1 -'(He 1 remarks of 'tl)b . chairman, ■jo replying, Mr Reed - said ho had only; dbno his duty ’to his follow' work ? coon, and had dbno so without fear or favor, "An illuminated'address was presented! ;tq Mr "Reed, and a handsome oleolro-platod pioklo orubt'was'given to* Mrs' R.bod by the employes', iho.presonlatibn'to Mi* Reed being made byMrEuston.' 1 Mr Clark,/who was the bon, seorolary tolW'movement, had’ arranged 1 matters roost sntSsfaclory’Tb all. Anumbor of, .other toasts‘wore given and respondod (0, and several of the guests tang songs in an ex .c.qllent- manner; The 7 following is the text of the address - To Henry Reed Esq., Mining Manager, Door tho undersigned, on behalf of pur fellow employes in the Garibaldi .Com pany’s mine; Bendigo, of which you have booh manager for the pa't bight years; desicoto ex press our sincere regret that you.h.»Vo seen lit to sever your-'connection with us, and at the same timq to qodgralulftb you on your ap poin(ment it) 'preference th a large number of .applicants, to a similar position io the Great Extended: Hustler’s nilneiri another portio-i of this city; We have'much pleasure in bear-: ing . testimony to the excellent .fooling | which existed between yourself and tho men under your charge, vTo. your unvary ing and kindly disposition, towards them, and 1 tho caroand eohsideration afc all times dis played by■ you 1 for tlioir safotj and woll- boing j Your ability as a mining’manager is .so well [and favorably known that any comment from 1 us is unnecessary,- and wo aro assured that your best energies wore at all times dbyotod toyourdulies, and that tbb bosfc interests of ; tho Garibaldi Company were ever uppermost ip .your thoughts so that shareholders and ■ employes/reposed in you implicit confidence. 7Wp .wish yotV ’ the greatest success in your new. sphere t>f labor, and trust that yon may he long spared, - with . your excellent/wife and family, to enjoy health, happiness and prosperity; -.■■ ' • ' ' ~ .. , 