Bleat Food for Nervous People. Pork is good for nervous persona, but is not easily_ digested. Wild game ia oxoeWent. Fish ia go.od for nervoui pooplo. Eggs boiled juat onough to harden tho whito aro oasily digeatcd. It is amiatako about pooplo eating teo much. Tho majority do not oat onough. Norvoua dyspepsia oomes from working too bard and not eating enough. Whon a man boginB to Buffer from overwork ho Bhould oat plonty ot gpod broad and butter, drink two quarts of milk a day, and oat plenty ot good meat. Whon suoh a person roaorts to a vegetable diet he grows woakor and loses hia norvo powor. At a meeting of tho Anthropologioal Insti tute, Mr. James G. Frasor read a papor on 'Oortain Burial Customs, as illustrativo of tho Primitive Theory ol tho Soul.' Tho Komans had a oustom that when a man who nad boon reportod to havo died abroad 'ro- turnod homo alivo, he should entor bin house, not by tho door, but over tho roef. This oUBtom (whioh ia Btill observed in Persia) owed ita origin to certain primitive beliefs and ouatoms with regard to tho dead. The ghoat of an unburied man waa supposod to haunt and molest the living, especially his relatives. Henoo tho importance attaohsd to the burial of tho dead, and various preoautiouB wore taken that tho ghost should not return. Whon the body of a dead man could not be fount!, he was buried in efligy, and this fictitious burial was held to bo sufficient to lay tho wandering ghost, lor it is a prinoiple ol primitivo thought that what is dono to the effigy of a man is done to tho man himsolf. The Dirootor read a paper by Admiral F. S. Trernlett, on tho ' Soulptnred Dolmens ol tho Morbihan' (North-west Franco.) About 80 sculptures had been found, invariably on tha interior surfaces of tho oap-stonM and their supports. It ia remarkable that thoy are oon fined within a distanoe of about 12 miles, and ore all situated near the sea-coast, boyond whioh, although tho megaliths are numerous, tbero is a oomploto absence ol soulpturea. Tho Boulpturos vary in intricacy, from simple wave-linos and cup- markings, to some that havo been compared to the tattooing ol the Now Zeulandora, — Knowledge, Tiikks hnvo about as hard times us tho rest «jC us fw their trunks aro often seized for ),n«T.l . Jexnik's Favoihth. — 'What aro your dollio'ti nainos, Jonniof' 'Jonnio, Joinu'o, and Jonnio,' returned Jonnio. 'But why huvo you callod thorn all Jennie r' ' I've named them aftor my favorite littlo girl.' 'Indeed! Who ia she?' 'I'm her ' Q'lo 