PoUttoalJfWlets. '.^'iMBs^»;fa#'''-:;-:A' ' XiandTax. -- ? . ' '.'' * littftiftiirii Tt.y~ -^-i. ? -— ? -. 8tt*Baak. - ^i-':-.- ?; : ??? ? fihpw*haiPactoriej|i'Aoi. - «0B^|ma» %4ftia|r* prao B«f«^umandlu|«a«»«, ' oordlni to ability to«ay. She Slate to find work for un employed. TheState to fix a minimum wage. . S«re« administration of JusUoe li is fully «xpeptod th»A Parliament will dose up before the end of next week. TraN»*ional A«B.bw been playing some of ito trioka at tbe recent Olonourry Electoral Serision Gourfc TBErewTradee Hall at Adelaide is nearing oomnletion. Oarpentera are busily, engaged putting on tbe roof . Tn new land «nd income tax oomes into force in JvT,S.W, on the 1st of January, 1806, Mid the ootteoiion of Customs duties ceases on December SI of she present year. Tot Vlotoriao IieRuiature, by a spanking majority of 55 votes to 27, in oommittee, has agreed that woman sh -uld have the right to vote at Parliamentary eleotions. — 'Trbrb is one word which aptly de scribes nearly all the sumptuary legislation Attempted during the present Reunion of Par liament ; iv is the word 'messing.'— Bru bane A Biu. is being prepared by the Victorian Government to authorise loans for thecstab lishment of tbe beet eumt industry. Sugar cane isn't going tofcaveall its own way iii Aus ti»Uarif Victoria t»n help it. E. PAtUKB, it is »id, means to stand for the FUnder* at the coming election. If he doesfhe will entail on bkiself a lot of needless trouble and expense. He hasn't the ghost of a ?how against Ctjartie McDonald. T is reply to a question of Labour Mert-er Cfarott, the Oolonial Secretary, ha* staged that the female leper w»» in temporary isolation at Kaigatoo Island, pending bet removal else where. Poor girl! Consigned to a living tomb. ' A PtSBiSOtTB of the Workers' (Political Organisation, Stantborpe, will be taken on January 25»h. There are up to the present three candidates for parliamentary honours— Mesw. P. Clare, W. W. Weleby, and A Ooogb. 'Seat politioat powder monkey, Ma jab Foxton, whom the electors of Oarnwvon foolishly elected so represent them, has been credited witli wing the meanest expressions thrown at* labour member during the present Parliament. — _~ ?- Tmt Abolition of Plural Voting and Women's Scfffraee BUI was, amidst loud cheer iO|r, earned to the Victorian Assembly. What a lot ot Tories there are in tbe Queensland Parliament who won't even make it easy for a man to obtain a vote. Thk Brisbane Mtnistern Union are re jotcine over the defeat of Jack Hamilton's Consultations BUI, and have expressed their rtjoWngf, ina letter pfjbanke tp the Courier forthew 'timely and noble leading article' on the measure. Tob editor of the Charters Towers SwgU, Mr. Siddnl,-addrejned a meeting in the School of Artt» Cooktown, on last Friday evening, when he laid Ids political viewe before a very lane meeting of , the electors. The chairman of the 3-ivietonal Board presided, and Mr. Riddel had an excellent recfiptioD. It Is mid iHirt Tom Finney has made up fab mind to boatmt the Toowong electorate againsii Mat. Eeid. Finney will wonder what etraok him before^ w^ll over. Hetias about M «nuoh aliow for Toowong ,as a pig baa of flying. A man who has opposed an Early Closing Bill becoming law won't stand much fihow with^wogjeBsiye eleotorw. — ? 8AIB Wje Sydney Bu^^t'n .-—'Jack Hamil ton's rascally moi4on to make the life of Q. PcrliaUenii five fears, instead of three, batu rally meets with the warm approval of the Boodlewrfcitb. Anything whioh pute election day further off, which makeB Parliament a more irresponsible bod^, and gives freer play for Boodlewraith manoeuvres, is bound to have the warm approval of Q. Government.' Tbb ex-Premier of Great Britain, Lord Rowbeny, epeeknig at a political club meeting in Soarborough (Eng.): 'The primary ques tbnfor aBtibeiWa, the primary obstacle to all reform, rte greatest danger to the stability of thfe State laySflfttte present constitution of this House of Lords.' Stick a pin in this, and think of the ppwef displayed by tbe Queens land House of Lord* to block reform. Ik the annual report of the Commissioner of Police to Parliament in making reference to the fast bosh *S«'ke he eayB ,—' The burning of the*hedB was ftU done by the same band, the members of it being Unknown to the general body of Hie strikers, for If generally known tie rewards would long sinoe have been Claimed, there being amongst the crowd a number of ** Spelters '— shearers' parasites— men who call ttoemnelvBg shiBarers, handsome of whom are expert band* but whose chief business is to plundftr the reai shearere by every Bpedesof cheating, and who would not hesi tate to sett thei^ best friends for money. ' He also reports that during the strike 78 men were arrested, of whom 44 were convicted. Fbom American ropers to hand, the rates of wages in the United States shows an upward tendency. TBB«hippintr trade at Newcastle is busy, and, as a result, the Wages of deepwater seamen have jumped up 10s. per month. TsW unspeakable Turk has caused the war implement factories of Europe to -be busy manufacturing the- murderous weapons of slaughter. In three of the Communes of the Canton de ValaiB, in Switzerland, the Hour mill and bakery is colleofcively owned and controlled by she looftl Government. The firm tone of the wool market is one of the reasons why the pastoralists should restore the wages of ronseeboute all over Queensland to 30s. per week next shearing season. 'TSfc workers will not jget a proper recog nition of their lights unless they combine. They will not improve their opndition until they become educated politically.'— A. Munro. It has been advBfthed in the Brisbane daily newspapers that the price of bread has been increased. Another advertisement ought to follow notifying that the prioe of labour has been ditto. Me. R. Slater, secretory of tbe Obago Trades Council, Dunedin, hao been appointed as the workers' rep. on the Board of Arbitra tion Bel up in New Zealand under the Concilia tion and Arbitration Act The chairman in Mr. Justice Williams, and the third member is Mr. H. Thomson. The officers elected for tbe N.S. W. brunch of the Federated Seamen's Union are— A. Cameron, president ; Jas. Blaokadder, Jas. Diokson, vice-presidents ; John McLean, trea surer; T. J. Hoskins, Thos. Edwards, Edward Kelly, Chas. Owyer, tnutees; Sam. Smith, secretary ; Ed. Kelly and Sam. Smitli, DiBtripli Council delegates to the A. L.F. I 