THE W00LL00M00L00 TRAGEDY. LATER DEVELOPMENTS. DEFENDANTS BEFORE COURT. THE OTHERS IMPLICATED. A STRANGE STORY. Sydney, September 3. The complete nature of the evidence collected by the police relative to the case of Jessie .Nicholls has quite satisfied the Dublic that those who were concerned in her death are likely to be | brought to task. Sympathy is extended to the girl's mother, Mrs. Nicholls, who directly after her daughter left her home spent the rest of the week in endeavouring to trace her whereabouts. She had a presentiment that her daughter intended to plaze herself in the hands of a quack er an unscrupulous medical man with the view of undergoing an operation, and followed her to a rel&tive;'e house in Paddington, whence, however, her daughter had departed for 26, Elizabethstreet, before her arrival. Further information collected by the detectives discloses that this was not the first attempt made by the girl to hide her trouble. Two months since she placed herself under the care of an advertising specialist in Sydney, and returned home with a lot of medicine. Later on letters were written' to her to again visit Sydney and place herself in other hands. The police are satisfied that she went to one establishment on Tuesday week without success, and subsequently returned home after finally arranging to visit Sheridan's house. Should letters which were written to her be in existence it is expected that they will implicate several people who have not so far felt the weight of suspicion resting on them. One missing link which fhe poliee wished to be supplied was furnished to-day. It had relation to the horse and buggy used to take away the case containing the girl's body from No. 26, Elizabeth - street. To-day that mystery was cleared up, for an employe' at Ceflil's livery stables, Castlereaghstreet, identified Sheridan as the who hired the Buggy from the stables - n Sunday night. He added that at Sheridan's request the turnout was driven to the house, left there, and returned by Sheridan to the stables at about 10 o'clock the same night. Another interesting* gap was filled today. The police had traced the case in which the body was packed to Cowan Brothers' warehouse, and had there learnt that it was sold on Saturday for Is. 6d. to a labouring man who had carried it away. Sewell, who lived at 26, Elizabeth-street, with Chapman the caretaker, wag this morning identified by a man named Herbert, employed by the firm, as being the person who bought the case. On hearing this Sewell owned up that not only had he made the purchase, but that he helped iSheridan to place the case in che buggy on Sunday evening. This, however, was only a prelude to more important statements, for when the four accused, Thomas, Sheridan, Sewell. and the woman Chapman were taken to the morgue to view the body Setvell united with Chapman in declaring that it was that of a woman who had been admitted in the house and died there. On the other hand, however, both Thomas and Sheridan stoutly maintained that they had never seen the woman on any previous occasion. Mrs. Nicholls is at present stopping at a friend's house in Paddington, auchis so eompletely prostrated with grief and anxiety that fears are entertained about her. Her daughter Jessie was one of a large family, all of whom not only sympathized with her in her shame but held her in the deepest affection. It is 1 also asserted that her lover accompanied Mrs. Nicholls to Sydney with the object ; of inducing the giri to marry him and of braving the resentment of his wealthy relatives, who were averse to the alliance. At the Water Police Court to-day the four accused were charged, Sheridan with murdering Jessie Nicholls, Thomas, alias Edwards, with being concerned in the murder, and Chapman and Sewell with being accessories after the fact. The case, on the application of the police, was adjourned for a week, bail being granted to Thomas and Chapman. Sheridan is a well-known character at Paddington, where he consorted with a number of young fellows who thought he was uood sport. It is believed that it was due to their influence chat he was led at the general election of 1894 to ofi'eu himself as a candidate for the Paddington Electorate, but finally seeing chat he had not the ghost of a chance of being supported by the Protectionist electors he witadrew. At that time h« carried on business in Paddington as a chemiEt. 1 LATER. ] Late this evening further facts transpired that disclose that the unfortunate girl, instead of being assisted in her time of trouble . with some degree of skill, was handled by two medical bunglers, who apparently operated on her with no semblance of surgical ability. Quite a new incident has been the disclosure that the operation in the first instance took place in a house at Paddington ou Thursday, and not at the Institute as previously surmised. On arrival at the Institute the girl was in a state of coliapBe, and then the final incision was made from the effects of which she died. Dr. Rennie, the Government Pathologist, who has made a close examination of the body, states that ho found that the roughest treatment had been resorted to. A medical student was also present, and advised at these operations, and immediately after death he is said to have left the place and has not since been traced. In view of these disclosures it is almost certain that the present charge against some of the accused will be altered to one of a graver nature. 