SUMMARY OF LATE NEWS. Mr. T. A. Browne ^ves presented with a farewell address from !ho loc^l ur.gietrat'j"" on W.y (jfturri; i-v^-nH is < xpress^d at his depiiriurp from Aihury. Albury Q inrter Seetions on Monday, 17th June. The muff football match on Saturday provf d a great attraction. It also yielded a eubstantial profit for the Ladies' Benevolent Society, One of the old leads woiked at Forbes 34 years ago haB again been sttuck. Wash 15m. tbick lies been etruck at 110ft. and yields i 'wt. to the dish. A 12 furrow plough is being successfully wovked at Lake Bogan. I r < turns ovnr 174 acres per dey. With thie implement trie pi ice of ploughing has been reduccd t;o Is. 3 I. per ecre. It ?> sta^d tbat at'Oifaer labor nig6n will -horily bs published in Ssduey. It will, it is pnio. he issued from the office of tbe dolunct Daily Post. Some curiosity bas been aroused by the appearance of a ghost up Singleton way. A shipment of live sheep sent to London realised 5| I. per lb. Lord Hopetoun, in a rtcent speech in Scotland, epeke elrongly in favor cf Australian federation. F^rea-ull zddrtes end tei-iimor.ial presented to R<v. J. L •.;'.<. (ID Tnur*d«.y i.ight. S r Arthur H-i-. ttr i* memior.ed as a probaw* Gjvf.rcor ot New Siuih Wales. Tne Carols Labor League has cariied a resolmion congratulating tbe Gsvercment on it.i victory. Tbe engine-sbed at Harden was burned dewn on tte night of 6 h inst. Tbe value of the building is cetimated at £2000. Djuiae<> to stores and engines is eaid to be abcut £130. Siveral interesting cases are set down for hearing ct the District Cjurt. The bill for legalising the totsliBator was read a first time on Tbuisday night. A license fee of £25 is to be paid for each totalisator, and £10 for every day it is in use. L censes will only be granted to clubs which give in stakes at least £600 for each day's racing. The proposed abolition of the sugar duties creates much indignation at Grafton. A Queensland aboriginal has been discovered suffering from leprosy. . The Premier was entertained at a banquet at Warren on Friday evenlrg. Tbe Jerilderie-Berrigan Railway Bill waB passed through Committee on 7ih inst. The Minister for MineB intends to establish a metallurgical work" at Granville. The London Globe condemns Mr. Raid's taxation proposals. It consi jets them a warning cf the danger of payment of members. Tf>e Dake and Duchess of York visit Aus« tralia in a few months. Lord Braseey sails for Melbourne on 17th of next month. The annual examination in connection with the Sydney University commenced on Monday. At the Cowra Qaarter Sessions there were no cases for trial. In accordance with the old custom thejadge was presented with a pair of white gloves. Tbe new bacon factory at Wangaratta was to commence work yesterday. Tbe yield of gold "in the colony for 1894 ties the largest for 20 years. The electric light at Young collapsed a few nights since. The townspeople had to fall back on kero* sene and candleB. The carnival in aid of the Benevolent Society was the event of the season. A Chinese loan of £16,000,000 is shortly to be floated. A man named Walter Tubman shot himself at Wyalong on Sunday. A traveller from Melbourne has been fined £25 at Hjbait lor smuggling. He brought over a suit of clothes to oblige a Melbourne tailor. Captain Close is bringing an action egainst Mfjjr-General Hutton. The weather durirg the early part of tte week was exceBBively boisterous. The profits of the late costume football match txcetd^d £40. A tree at Norfolk Island is said this year to have borne 15,0C0 oracges. A wholesale poisoning of blacks is repotted at Fernmount. They drank some poison under the belief that it was rum. The work of building the new bridge nt Deniliquin is progressing rapidly. The Duke of Argylp, at 72 yuais of ayo, is to marry a Miss M'Neill. A Debating Society has been euccesslully started at Urana. It is stated io Sydney that Mr. Eldy intends to resign his appointment. A railway survey party hes already arrived in Berrigan. An explosion of dynamite took place ut the Central Mine. Broken Hill, on Sunday. Several persons were injured but no* one was killed. At a banquet given to tbe Premier at Warren on Friday, Mr. Lvne received an ovation. A man named Slagg found dead on the Hr,t. pital Hill. The case is supposed to be one <•[ suicide. Mr, Hotson Is hopeful of the proton c| the export menttrsde, 