aCKAlVHING-X IX THE CITS. Br A Pencil. • Tbat every line which written liere may bo (Jo to its mark straight and. unerringly Tfhftt eTCiy l&Bgh; ha rWn ft.n^ fairiy bought • • t- ! ?Chftt p^. fynnriiwht: » '• ' I ^atcat or thmst or lend approving- cheer, I * Aim uwy be honest, thought and • (mrpoed o lear The', ftspiptfs rjltnsask .raealon^ eold- , : bloodedly, sertejl "jpRi ■ JSfiKW _ TlAiS'*' is( j another way <{ to what his wife and" his frieodsSftidtohim his knee would not"have got' into such'' a badcondition. He has been troubled off and. on with (bat knee joint for several years since ho first- strained it in the cricket or foothill field. He never would allow 1 himself a proper rest, and as he is becoming j exceedingly stout and heavy—the Premier is the fattest man as the Treasurer is the ' thinnest man in politics—til© weight of his body being- constantly thrown upon his j weak knee caused that member at last to become troublesome, if not exactly danger ous. He found extreme difficulty in get ting into a posture to say his prayers. Thus it was that he laid up, leaving the conduct of his legal business to his active young partner, Mr. Ash, ol whom more later on. While he was abed one of the evening papers referred to his indisposition under the jocular heading—" A Weak-Kneed Premier," and folk;! say that Mr. Kingston grew very cross thereat. There was, how ever, no occasion for his ire. . Nobody with an ounce of brains would ever imagine that he is in the ordinary sense weak kneed. His drawback consists rather in being too stiff-kneed. The only talk of particular interest in politics concerns a dispute between the mayor—or rather, the City Council—and the Chief Justice—or rather, the Kintore farewell committee, regarding the respec tive rights of these two gentlemen to preside at the farewell meeting. Somebody sug gested that the difficulty should be settled by putting the Premier into the chair, but the friction was ultimately allayed in a radical manner, and the colony breathed again. The City Council decided that the affair should go on if it liked to do so, but that the committee would havp to pay for Hie Town Hall, and all the members of the counoil would not take part.in the farewell. In other words, the council showed its dis approval of the committee. by refusing to honor Lord Kint6r& Altogether it appears that the Governor will have a good send-off. He is being. entertained in every direction, and he deserves to be in most. With the exception of Sir William Robinson he is the best —and absolutely the best-looking—vice regal figure-head whom we have had in the colony during many years. If report speaks truly, however, the valedictory business is being somewhat overdone in at least one respect.. The papers state that Lord Kintore, as Grand Master of the Free masons, is to be presented with a farewell address, and the Pro-Grand Master, whose other title is Chief Justice, is "to formally give him his- trebly-sweetened blessing. But, unless a prominent .Masonic official misrepresents the truth to me, the Governor has not pleased the craft at all by the nature of bis attendance at the various lodges. "He has nevor," remarks this authority, " worked or attempted to work a ceremony, and the Chief. Justice, when Grand Master, did more for Masonry in-one month than the Governor has done' during all the time of his msidonce in the- colony." In » few'rdays Mr."Way will be again act ing as Lieutenant-Governor, and-he will undertake his new duties with equanimity, and perform them with ability. It is said; however, that when lie is-acting as. Gover nor the officers of his honsehold have a bad time—that Mr. Way. has so many irons in. the fire that those whose duty it is to assist him are occasionally overworked. It may be significant, or it-may not be, but-it is a fact that all the prjncipal officers who b^vev come out to the colony to help Lord Kin-' tore are presently to retire^ arid the Lieu tenant-Governor's staff will be entirely South Australian.. And for goodness's sake, w~hy not ? About the middlejof the last Parliamen tary session a writ hung over the head of a prominent- member, and if it had been served the business of the Houses might have takpij a somewhat different turn from that whiehit did-take. The calamity was, bowever, averted; but there is. talk of the old trouble being revived. If the proceed ings continue yon need not fear lest you should not know all about the cause of it. The whole public will know, and probably grow excited, as the effect of - the action upon politics will be more than trifling. Gossips say that Judge Boucaut does not like the idea of the-Chief-Justice starting on another long term at Government House, because it will impose more work upon his colleagues. Nor is he supposed to be all too favorable to the nGtion of Judge Bundey undertaking fresh duties as pre sident of the Conciliation Board. There is cot a shadow of doubt, 'however, that Mr. Bundey's absolute fitness for that pre sidency is admitted in every direction. And the mere matter of the extra work should not distress Mr. Boucaut. The theory of the Conciliation Board may be excellent, and Mr. Kingston may be and is thoroughly earnest over it; but I have heard from both employers and employed that neither side would thihk of putting the expensive and cumbrous machinery ,ot the Bill in motion, if that be thexiase the net result of its operation will be the pro vidingof snug billetsfor whomsoever may be concerned. Between the Conciliation Bill and the utterly unnecessary Factories Bill this Ministry will have a good deal of patronage to dispose off, and some ot their prominent helpers in the Trades and Labor Council will natnrally expect to be remembered or know- the reason why. The prospective appointment of a Railway | Commissioner is, of course, the theme of a j good deal of discussion. If, however, any- 1 one besides Mr. J.H. Smith is appointed— unless that gentleman receives a position I outside the colony—leading Oppositionists will declare thafc a breach of faith has been committed. The Bill would not have passed in the Assembly last session had it not been for a compromise with the distinct object of securing th,e c'ommissionership for Mr. Smith. Like t-be late Maori Kiu»r Tawbaio. Catholic Avchhisliop O'Keilyhas a strong repugnance to having his photograph taken. -Chinese nabobs share the" same objection. In' their cases, however, they believe that if a picture of- a. person is painted the-gods-will expect it to be- fur nished with a soul, and that half of their own ghost goes into it. The archbishop is not troubled with considerations of that kind; and, for that matter, he has soul enough to. divide between two ordinary bodies. Th£ feeling which restrains, him is that in his own too modest opinion he is not good-loo king«nough to throw an admira tion-arousing shadow on paper. How unlike most fellow human-creatures His diffident gro.ee must be! A photographer who is related to a politician, and therefore cannot lie, assures me that the uglier folk are the fonder tbey are of. getting t&eir; likeness taken. I may add casually that I am not fond of tfris operation being per formed. You may draw your own conclu sions from that statement. Modesty for bidstn&tobeanymore; pointeS." ' 