ROMAN CATHOLIC PLENARY COUNCIL. A plenary council of the Roman Catholi Church waa held in Sydney thia month. A the opening ceremony, Dr. Gallagher, th coadjutor Bishop bf Goulburn, preached th sermon, which the .Sydney Morning //eral reported as follows : Tor the second time inside ten years tb episcopate of Australia were assembled ii Plenary Council ia that mother church of th: metropolitan city of the southern world. A the desire of their Illustrious Pontiff, unde the presidency of the Cardinal Archbishop Apostolic Delegate, they bad come togcthei to draw np those decrees, and to devise ihosi means which after mature deliberation theil united wisdom and experience, assisted bj the Holy Ghost, deemed most suited for tin trne progress of their great country, the pre servatiou and diffusion of faith, the improve ment of morals, the interests of religion, tin greater glory of God, and thc salvation of ¡rn mortal souls. The aim of the august assemblici of thechurch in every age and in every Christiar land had over been able to maintain revealed truth, tocondemn heresy, to uphold uniformity and sanctity of discipline, to reliove the poor, to battle for thc.opprested, to advance thc cause of science and knowledge, to elevate mankind. After touching upon various kinds of councils, Dr. Gallagher said that when all the archbishops and bishops of a country or nation, or people bound together by sameness of language, of customs, institutions, and law-, met uuder a delegate specially appointed by the Holy See, having in view to transmit sound doctrine, to keep intact and pure in their dioceses the deposit of faith, to increase thc honour of Divine worship, to fortify thc order aud discipline of the clergy, to promote and strengthen everywhere 'by a happy pro- gress holiness of morals, mutual charity, virtue, religion, and piety, they had a plenary or national synod. Such was the assembly in whoBc first public session they were privileged to take part that day. The history of these councils was thc his- tory of the Christian faith, of the triumph of religious liberty over despotism, of truth over error, of catholic civilisât ion over the cor- ruptions of the pagan, and over the barbarism and brute forccof thc medieval world. That morning they had seen their Holy Mother in something of her external splendour coining , forth as the " King's daughter in golden vesture surrounded with variety." They had heard the rustling of her variegated garments as her prelates passed in gorgeous procession. They had heard the glorious music that almost shook those massive walls, and wafted to the throne of God the profession of faith of the young Church of Australia. Bishops, venerable for their yeurs, their learning, their piety, their great good works so nobly done, from tho Derwent on the south to Carpentaria on the north, from our Indian to our Pacific shore, were there, not merely to contribute their matured ex- perience, but themselves of different schools of thought and nations and tongues to illustrate tho unity in variety of their holy faith. Aiding them with advice were theo- logians skilled in sacred science und con- versant through much practice with its bearing on all the burning questions of thc age. And priests bronzed with thc heat, and bent with thc labours of the day, whom their fellow-workers had chosen tn represent them in that great ecclesiastical senate nf the southern world. Hardly an order in the church thal waB not with them that day After alluding to thc characteristics of some of thc orders represented that day, he said: i "Here, too, is St. Tuiil of tho ("ross, to ? whom our Holy Father looks with alice- ] donate regard as one nf thc chief inst ru- t meats in that which all gund men have t so much ' at heart-tilt; reunion under l one Jiead and one shepherd of the ( Anglo-Saxon world." And all, whether u of reoefîl institution or tracing back t their origin to the twilight of Christian t history, meta of thc age, striving to correct I (fe mistakoaX hot cheered hy its hopes, fi rna.'chtng tu the very van of its progresa, ulceeing itR achievements of science» amt its vicror.es over the forcea of nature-their foe!inga ju touch with it« noblest resolve, and their luurl.sm thorough sympathy with ila loftiest us pi rations. No io s ails they, no mummies mkcu from au Egyptian inuauum, no ghosts of a vautahed past brooding gloomily by thc doors of te pulchra, which shall never bü opened ; bub aglow with all the beautiful vigour of young life, with breasts lien vi ug and pauling for thc fray, counting their host und weil acquainted «'ith i he luctii-M ul thuem'.my, yearning t<i cuter the listaincvi.u'y funiiufglonousbulpuciliceinigglu j -as did their prwlecesbor-i of every age-for ' truth, for virliw-, for justice, for religion, and tur (¡od. Their bishops mei. together lo pro mole those varied objects which were con- nected with ihe spiritual ju teres ts aiiri more extended inïlucncc ami usefulness of the church. The special object of thia second Plenary Council was lo consolidate the work au weil bellin in the first council of 18S"i, to secure tile more complete execution of it» decrees, Hi promote uniformity and bolinea*; ut discipline by bringing Ioctl variations (if mich existed) baok to Un- Murninni of general us:i|;i\ to improve and extend their ny stem of juu- oclual schaolu, to coulirm iii« faith and üicreuäc tho fervour by uuickcuiug thc ¡wal of their people, to infuse fi cali sap and lite int/s every brandi and libre of thu heavenly vine which their great predecessors planted iii thc generous aoil of their beloved country. 