Tlie Bride's Invitation. — : The Bev. John M'Neill, in one of his recent addresses, referring to the words, 44 The Spirit and the Bride gay, Come,'' said : — What is the Bride? The Bride, my dear friends, just brings out the other side of preach ing. I've been lifting the curtain, and showing you the ' divine background to all this human business — that the Spirit of God and the powers of another world are falling upon us when we are listening to the gospel of the Saviour's love and presence But there's a human side. "The Spirit and the" Bride" — the Spirit through the Bride. That is to say, the Bride is a beautiful name in/ the Bible to describe all the company of living souls- in Jesus Christ. There's a human side as well as a Divine side, a visible 6ide as well as an eternal and invisible. 44 The Spirit and the Bride." The Bride, as it were, is th8 incarnation of the Holy Ghost for purposes of preaching and evan gelising the souls of men — to make it visible, palpanle, real, taugible. The Holy Ghost comes not in ghostly, invisible fashion—a breath, a whisper, a something mysterious and un- canny- -to make your flesh creep and your hair , stand on end. The Spirit of God comes by a ' man as-human as yourself, a. sinner saved- by grace like yourself, who once cared for none of these things ; but the Spirit of God quickened bim, got hiii to believe, and then holds out to you the hands of divine compassion and entreaty, and says, 44 Come to Jesus" in your own speech wherein you were born. The Holy Ghost fiuds speech to cleave your dull ear, and reach your heart, and quicken y ju into faith in Christ. Is not it beautiful, the union of the divine and the human in preaching J esus for the acceptance of our faith ? 44 The Spirit and the Bride say, 4 Come.' " If I coull briug to this platform to night all the people in all the world— aye/ aud in all ages— all the redeemed from heaven who have lived, and trusted, and died in the faith of Jesus, and found in Him their Saviour from sin, their Saviour to holiness and heaven; if I could briug that company, suppose it were possible, and set ihem ou this platform, and s ly, 44 Oh, Bride"— for that's the beautiful name for us all in our collective capacity — 44 Oh, Bride of Christ ! Oh, wife oi the Lamb! there be men aud women on this floor and in those galleries who do not know Jesus. Bride of Christ, what hast Thou to say ?" Not only my voice and the voice of the ministers and Christians here, but the voice of the whole Church of the living God would be lifted in one magnificent silvery shout till the building rang, and the whole concave of heaven— this whole Southern Hemisphere — rang with one magnificent, shout : 44 Come, come some to Jesus ! Come away !" ' You talk about the differences among Chris tians. I'm sorry for some of them; but, thank God, the things wherein we agree are greater than the things wherein we differ. And the whole company of believers of every name on earth aud in glory unite in this, that if there's a man here who doesn't know Jesus, we have just one thing to say to you, 4 'Come, come, come, to Jesus ; come away." Thank God there's no shadow of a difference there ! Now' eome along, you'rei well invited ; you're well in vited. -There's nothing has such 'magnificent oaoKing, oom oi uoa Almighty and the best beings that ever lived, as the gospel call to come to Jesus. Nothing, absolutely nothing, is so backed up by ths best backing in the universe Gp£ and the experience of redeemed men and Women in all the earth and up in heaven. 44 The Spirit and the Bride say, 4 Come." Man ! that's all that's left, all that's left. A Saviour has been provided — Come, come, come. ' Turn that heareth posh this business. Turn round at once, and begin to be a preacher yourself among your own set ; sticking to this text. Come to Jesus/' Not arguing, or contro wrting' biit teying wisely, tenderly, humanely, with the backing of the Holy Ghost behind it— «4 Come, come." 44 Let him that heareth cay, Come.' " 1 tell you, -dear men and women, it never was meant that we Christians should have a meek mind, or be the fashionless— do you know what that means ? — laughter) — fashion-, less, pithless, pithles8 creatures we are. A Chris- Han was meant to be a restless sort of fellow whom the world can't stand. God help us Christians in Melbourne — Melbourne stand us far too well. ' It oughtn't to be able to. You ought to. roast it out, and make it look on you as it looked on fax better fellows, and called them pestilent fellows, who . let hoboby alone, who have tinned the world upside down, and din, din, din into your ears this Jesus of theirs, there's no other name under heaven among men, they'll tell you, whereby, you may be saved hut Jesus. Ah, yes, that's what the world needs to day as well as at . Pentecost; Christians who must speak out what is burning ira their bones, cad they cannot keep still. Let him that heareth accept lus perBonal mniibility for the evangelisation of the world, by taking his own share Godhaesptefced bim, and say; 44 Come." Work it, rout in yourdaily life without becoming :a minister'; in buying and selling, and mixing with your fellow- men. Have an eye for Jesus, and a tongue for your, blessed Master's cause, and He will bless it. "Lit him that heareth say, 4 Come.' " Don't say it's a feeble thing. Of course, it's feeble ; but through the Holy Ghost it will be divinely efficient. Now, there's your loviug commission, work it out.. Be. a propagandist for Christ. Be restless, poshing, increasing. Say, "Come." Say it! God will bless it. He'sanxioas. There's a big work to do, dear men and women, and there's little time to do it in, and the issues are tremendous. Men are dying. Time is flying. Hell is filling. Christ is coining! Up "and at it! 44 Let him that heareth say, 4 Come."' God wants this big work to have impressed into it a multitude of simple-hearted, warm- tongued evangelists. Let him that has heard with the hearing and the faith turn round and say, 44 Come." 