CHAPTER VIII. Little by little we heard various bite of matter, but didn't attach much importance to the talk, thinking the villagers must have something to gossip over, if 'twas only scandal. We bad been there some two and a half years under our lease, leaving six months more of it to run, when we recived a notice from the truste-s of the property that it was their custom on the compl. tion of a lease to put it up for tender. Deeaming it p Esible we might not be the successful tendererr, and rot wish ing to lose our c nnection, which had coc siderably increased during our ho0iday; alas wil ing to still fucther extend cur busine F, we res ulved to rent a mill cf larger capacity some three mile nearer the cluter cf towns befure r.ferred to, to shut down our present tenancy fvr the re mainder of the lTese while we diverted the connect:on. This we did, and it waa towards the end of these letter six months that the party alluded to at the commencement of this narrative was held. In the meantime we had opened a branch retail business in the town, and it was at this establishment where our friends were gathered. Empty, lone, and desola'e stood the old house, hirh up on the edge of theommon, fit tenement (f the unquiet spirit which walked there, and it must be confessed it was with some reluctance that we quitted our merry-making friends to rroceed on our now notorious ghost bunt. We started, calling on our way at a celebrated wayside inn, immortalised by Shakespeare, for a plen'iful supply of Dutch courage should our own fail us. Furth r on towrrde the end of our journey, passing the residence of one of my companions, we procured a pick and shovel from one of the farm out. buildings, and as I had taken the precau tion of putting a pistol in my pocket, we now felt ourselves fully equirpod. Thus armed for work and dcfence, we strcck off from the main road, crossed an orchard to lessen the distance, gained the cross road leading to the mill at a point opposite the ru ns of an old chapel, and began the ascent leading to the haunted house. Having the keys with me we let ourselves in by a back entrance, made for the large kitchen, and then decided upon our plan of action. Meanwhile, having nearly an hour to get through before mid night, we mutually resolved to fortify our tensioned nerves by making a vigorous onslaught on our kit of provisions and our stone bottle friend, which contained a gallon of the best old ale, for which the Shakespeare host-l was noted. We had been thus ccoupied for some minutes, when suddenly we almost col lapsed, consequent on a thundering alarm being sounded at the front door, resound ig through the empty house and echoing its way into every canrer of it; hut as the sound died away we heard voices and grew bolder. We approaehel the front entrance in Indian file, and demanded who was there and what was wanted. The alarm was created by several of the villagers who had seen a light in the house over the doorway, and coupling this with the re ports of the ghost tales, which had gone the rounds of the village, they thought it their duty to see into the matter, and per haps trapping the gho t. With this intention they had crossed the common, and were not a little surprised to be answered by myself from within. It would not do to admit them, as they would render our visit abortive and quickly get to the bottom of our provender, so I told them I was needing something that had been left behind, and being in the neighbourhcod had called to get it. The fright attending their uncere monious assaniuc on the door had consider. ably weakened the courage of the younge t of our party, and had it not been that he was more afraid to go awuy thah to remain hL woultd have left us forthwith; as it was he regretted that he had not discovered himself to the villagers and accompanied them towards his home. Being again left to ourselves we concluded our refection and then prepared to carry out our pro gramme as midnight was near. We put out our light and took up our positicn on the staircase up which the ghost used to ascend. Two of us sat on one step, while the third and younger one was immediately behind us, two steps higher, his knees touching our shoulders in the dark. We had resolved to sit thus till midaighe, or longer if necessary, and should the ghcst walk up the staircase as usual we were to challenge it and fire upon it if we obtained no answer. An we sat there in tbe cold and darkness our teeth chattered and our nerves were not too highly strung, notwith'tanding our previous libations, for samething within us seemed to intimate we were on the thres hold of a wierd and dreadful secret. Our eyes were kept open at their widest, although we could see nothing, and our ears were strained for the first sound of the well-remembered pit pat of the mid. night wanderer. Solesun and awesome as our position was I confess I almo= t broke out into a laugh, for the draughts in the large drawing-room above caused the door on the landing to rattle and the catch to fly back, when our friend in the rear appealed to he let come in front, as the ghost was coming down in. stead cf up; inde-d he was so scared that his knees knocked together. We quieted him by assutring him the ghost always came upstairs first, and as it had not yet done so it could not be coming down;; be. sides we were all there together and would stand by each other, which we two elder ones fully meant to do, and did. Hlow thick the darkness was just then; indeed we coutd almost clutch it hetween our fingers, and the minutes were as hours to us as we waited expectant that each one would bring with it that hitherto unseen aemetbing from below, which could pass through doors and wells, and whioh cer tainly we should feel as we cleaved its huelesa shadow even if we did not see it passing on its journey from whence it came to and from the blood stain in the warehouse some 30 yards from where we 