SQCIAL. Events of tlie Week. Lady Barley and Miss Parley, attended by Captain \- Dangar, returned to town on Friday, 11th. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor and Lady Daxley, accompanied by the Misses Darley, and attended by Captain Dangar and Captain Young, went to Mrs. Castle's ' at home ' at Garden Island. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor and Lady Darley, accompanied by the Misses Darley, and at tended by Captain Dangar and Captain Young, Ae.D.C., were present at the French ball on Monday evening. I On Tuesday afternoon Lady Darley opened a I bazaar at Stratton's Hall, Waverley, and in the evening the Lieutenant-Governor and Lady Daxley gave a dinner at Quambt. Lady Darley and suite arranged to attend the Hambonrg Becital on Thursday evening. Lady Darley and Miss K. Darley on 5th Oct. left town for Bathurst, attended by Captain Dangar, A.D.C., where her ladyship stayed with her daugh ter, Mrs. Whitehead. On Tuesday last Lady Darley laid the foundation-stone of the chancel of. Sjt. Barnabas' Church, South Bathurst. The Mounted Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant Machattie, escorted Lady Darley and her daughters to the gate of the church, where the distinguished visitors were received by the Rev. E. H. Lea, vicar of the parish. Lady Darley was presented with a handsome silver trowel, and in thanking her ladyship for coming to Bathurst to lay tbe stone Mr. Lea ex pressed his regret that his Excellency the Lieutenant Governor had been prevented from accompanying her. The order of service for the occasion followed, and the stone having been placed in position, Lady Darley said : 'In the faith of Christ and with a prayer for the blessing of God I lav. the foundation-stone of this extension to the Church of St. Barnabas in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and I declare the stone to be well and truly laid.' The stone bears the inscription ' A.M.D.G. This stone was laid by Lady Darley, wife of his Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, 8th October, 1895.' The Primate, the Bishop of Bathurst, Archdeacon Campbell, Arch deacon Dunstan, Archdeacon Geer, Revs. G. S. Oakes, F. Tracey, W. Vaughan Rose, R. M. Brett, H. Sealy-Vidal, E. H. Lea, and J. Onyons took part in the ceremony, and fully 500 persons were present. On Monday, 7th inst., Lady Darley and Miss K. Darley drove to Kelso' where at their residence, Leeholm, the Hon. George and Mrs. Lee entertained the distinguished visitors at a garden party. The company included in addition the Primate and Miss Snowdon Smith, the Bishop of Bathurst, Archdeacon Campbell, the Dean of . Bathurst and Mrs. Marriott, Mr. and Mrs. Whitehead, Mr. and Mrs. J. M'Phillamy, Dr. and Mrs. Machattie, Dr. and Mrs. Moore, Mr. Gilmour, Mrs. John Smith, Mrs. Barton. Mrs. G. M'Phillamy, Mr. and Mrs. Bouse, Mrs. W. Lee and Miss Lee, Mrs. John M'Phillamy, Mr. and Mrs. Bruford, the Misses Rutherford, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. ana Sirs. John Lee and Misses Lee, Mrs. Jago Smith, Dr. Bassett and Miss Bassett, Mrs. Green, Miss M'Phillamy, | Miss West. Mrs. Davidson. Mrs ' Smith MiqV LY^«.rd^j|if8, suttor^ Mr. and Mrs. Norman Suttor, Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Suttor, the Misses Cousins, Miss Kite, Miss Lance Smith, &c.; The house is picturesquely situated, and commands an extensive view, and the lawn crowded with ladies in light handsome gowns made a brilliant picture. Mr. and Mrs. Lee were assisted in their attentions to the guests by Mrs. Abdy and Miss Lee, and the whole gathering wa6 most attractive and enjoyable. Mrs. Edward Harvey had a musical afternoon at Garelosh on Thursday, 10th, the performers including Mrs. C. W. Marsden, Miss Grilles, MisB Thorne, and Mr. Nott, whilst amongst the listeners were Com mander and Mrs. Hancock, Mrs. Prendergast, Mrs. Weston, Mrs. R. J. Gray, Mr. P. H. Morton and Miss Hall, Mrs. W. F. Brennan and Miss Keating, Mrs. Angel Money, Mrs. H. K. Cohen, Mrs. E. L. Samuel, Miss Hill, Miss Marks (Elystan), Madame Gough, Miss Grierson, Mr. W. H. Gardiner, &c.;, &c.;, Refreshments were served in the dining-room, Lieutenant Harvey aiding Mrs. Harvey in- her hospitable duties. * AtTresco, on the 11th, Mrs. P. H. Morton entertained the following ladies at luncheon, a farewell gather ing of friends of her sister, Miss Hay, who returns to New Zealand-next week. The guests were Mrs. H. E. Cohen, Mrs. Arthur Cox, Mrs. Schwarzbach, Miss Salomons, Mi6S Thorne, Miss Marks (Elystan), Miss Mackenzie, Miss B. Airey. Mr. ex-Judge and Mrs. Wdkinsjn had a large gathering at their residence, Hereford House, Glebe Point, on Friday, JOct. 11, to which anew interest was added by the arrival of Miss Sybil WilkmBon, who has spent the last four months in Brisbane. Mrs. Wilkinson and her daughters welcomed their friends in the drawing-room ; the bright after noon tempting many to quickly adjourn to the garden, which has long had a great reputation. The guests included the Hon. W. J. and Mrs. Trickett, Mrs. Wigle.v Severne, Mrs. and Miss Thorne, - Mrs. Hairie Wood and Miss Wood, Mrs. Burns, Mrs. and Miss Helen, Mrs. Hey Shaip, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Calvert, Miss Dickenson, the Rev. S. S. and Mrs. Tovey, MisB Logan, Mrs. J. G. Frazer, Mrs. Nicholls,' Mrs. Church, Mrs. Ashwell, Mrs. James Mort and Miss Mort, Miss Giblin, Mrs. T. Wilkinson and Misses Wilkinson, Mrs. Colton, Mrs. Fitzgerald, Mrs. Way, M»«b Grace Hall, Mrs. pamac Wilkinson, Miss Russell,. Mrs. W. Orr, Miss Kemmis, Miss Jones. Befreshuients were served in the dining-room. The annual juvenile plain and fancy dress ball in aid of the Orange Hospital was held on October 7, in the Oddfellows' Hall, and, like its forerunners, was a success— in fact, the most successful of the series. The promoted were Miss Thomas and Miss Blanche Wythes; and, as, they took the whole burden and responsibility oh themselves, they are entitled to the full measure of congratulation and credit. The townspeople never fail to meet all appeals on behalf of the local hospital generously and promptly, and those unable to give-large mone tary help find their opportunity in support ing a ball. The request of the young ladies for help was readily and liberally responded to, ana long before the ball was held it was known that the juvenile dancing population of the town was bent on being present in all the glory of fancy costume. Nearly all the young ladies were in fancy dress. Many of the toilettes were highly effective, and all were of tasteful design and good material, with none of the glare and vulgarity, so often visible at fancy dress balls. There was not one costume that could be cavilled at, and none were grotesque. Some of the adults adopted the costumes' of the eighteenth century, with the paint, powder, and patches ; others sailors' and soldiers' attire, &c.; — the young evincing a fancy for the pretty, roman tic, ideal, or imaginative. The young company held precedence until supper, at 11 o'clock, when the adults took possession and kept up the ball until 4 o'clock in the moraine. The hospital is expected to receive about £30 as the result of the ball. On Thursday, 10th October, at the Boys' Brigade rooms, Campbeli-stxeet, about 50 ladies accepted the invitation of the ladies' committee of the Boys' Brigade, who were desiriom of expressing their grateful appreciation of their efforts in forming a coQunjtlee and woifcing bo energetically to promote the success of the concert recently held. The tea tables had been prettily decorated with flowers, ana were laden with dainties appro prate to the occasion, which had been provided by the committee. After the refreshing afternoon tea had been served, Mrs. Lees (the Mayoress of Sydney), in the name of the committee, heartily welcomed the visitors ; and Mrs. Robjohns, in a very interesting address, explained how valuable a help the lsdies had given, since without some special aid the brigade would have been compulsorily closed, and the work of the past 12 years suddenly stopped. Finally, Mrs. Robjohns asked that the concert secretary would tell the. result. This was done so far as ft can be yet ascertained, and it appears that a balance of £180 can be assumed as the profit after all expenses are paid. The Sydnev Canoe Club, the only one it is believed which numbers ladies amongst the active members, arranged a regatta picnic on Monday, 7th, at Whiting Beach. There were six races in the list. A tandem paddling race, lady and gentleman, was quite unique. Nineteen vessels took part, and the whole was much enjoyed. The Truda brothers contributed the music, Mrs. Penrose superintended the refresh ments, Mr. E. W. Browne, lending the club his camp and kitchen. Miss Pearsham and Miss Roberts piloted the Canadian craft Huia, Miss Lyon Iota, Miss Neate Cissie, Misses Richardson May, Miss Bradley Rambler, Miss Dennis Mia Mia. Mr. and the Misses Dance were on board the yacht Troubadour. Mr. Peason Lyon was starter and timekeeper. The guests included Mr. and Mrs. Lyon, sen., Mrs. Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. C. Penrose, Mr. and Miss Martyn, Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Smith, Mr. and Miss Marshall, Miss Speeck, Miss Finn, Miss Johnston, Miss J. Dennis, Mrs. Iferry, Mr. and Mrs. Ward, Mr. and Miss Gardner. One of the most attractive gatherings of the season took place on Friday1, 11th current, at the Crystal Palace Rink, York- street, when the committee of the Society of Artists gave a children's party, at which about 200 little folks were present, the invitations including the parents, and provision being made by the lady artists and their friends to attordB every possible requirement in the way of refreshments, which n-ere most attractively setcut on large tables in the space beyond the exhibition section. Flowers, fruit cup, tea and coffee, cakes, summer drinks were provided in j abundance, whilst in the Exhibition Hall, Puuch aud I Judy, fancy dancing by Mrs. Allan's pupils, violin ; music by M. Poussard, little Maurice Kellermann, : singing by Miss Nellie Young and one of her j pupils ; recitations by Miss Jessie Clitheroe, and con ! tributions by Miss Vera Le Roy and Freda Miller, j Comic scenes by Mr. Frank Mahony, lightning I sketches' by Mr. H. D. Souter, and whistling by Mr. j Linsley, made up a charming programme, which was J carried through with infinite credit to the per i formers and pleasure to the spectators and auditors, whilst the delights were heightened by the charms of the ladies who dispensed the good things, and by the general beauty which distinguished the little people. So many lovely children'are rarely seen together. A singularly novel and artistically designed programme,' the work of Mr/ Tom. Roberts, remains as a -much-valued souvenir.- The guests included representatives of moBt of the leading families of-Sydney, the absentees being on the same evening entertained elsewhere, and the tnanL'S Df aii wel! deserved by Mr. Conroy and those associated with him in the arrange ments; Madame Charbo n ne t - Ke iler mami and Mr. F. Kellermann greatly assisted in the musical arrangements! ' On the following afternoon Miss H. Coutta Duvalli and Miss Heloise Austa arranged a successful entertainment. 