A GHOSTLY ADVENTURE. By Geo. Downing Sparks. It was a raw, cold afternoon. The rain and fog hid all but the nearest objects from sight. It was in the city of London, and it was typical London weather. In a private parlor of a large hotel a man was reading a newspaper. The reader's name was Percy Waxbridge. He was of the medium height, strong and sinewy, with hair worn a little longer than fashion dictates. The mouth stern, the eyes dreamy, yet with a suggestion of latent fire in their glance. An artist; yet he was simply a business man, having been engaged in commercial pursuits since his boyhood. His history was a sad one. Left an orphan at an early age, he had been placed under the care of an uncle. As soon as it had been practicable he was sent to one of the great public schools. From school, where he had been dis- tinguished for his drawing, he had gone to Australia. He had wished to study art after leaving school, but his father and mother had both died poor, and he was forced into the world to seek his fortune. Success had attended his efforts. From the obscure English clerk he had developed into the Australian merchant. He had, like so many of his countrymen, always cherished the hope that at some time or other he would find it in his power to go back to his old home. So now, as the curtain rises, he found himself in England enjoying a well earned repose. His ideas for the future were very vague. At first the rapture of being in England swallowed up everything else. But now a feeling of loneliness was be- ginning to creep over him. The majority of his relatives had gone to America. His boyish friends had grown to men, and in most cases had wandered away from Eng- land. An indifference towards strangers had caused him to neglect using his letters of introduction, so now he was comparatively alone. He had thought while on the steamer that when he reached England he ought to take a wife and settle down; but since his arrival not the slightest chance of the above felicity being realised had as yet presented itself. Wandering through streets haunted by genius and beauty in the morning, visiting picture galleries in the afternoon, and at- tending theatres in the evening, had effec- tually banished thoughts of home making from his mind. It was only on rainy days and gloomy afternoons that the question, 'What are you going to do after you have exhausted Lon- don?' would obtrude itself. It was on such an afternoon that my short sketch begins. The streets grew darker and darker. The dark mist gradually settled over the house tops, and soon every vestige of day- light was gone. Just before the last glimmer died out, Percy Waxbridge jumped to his feet and brought the paper he was reading to the window, and in the dim light read— 'Splendid Property for Sale. The Oaks —an old manor house in the North of Eng- land! Beautiful and picturesque scenery. Extensive grounds, outhouses, etc., etc. Apply to J. C. Caven, Lincoln's Inn, or to Geoffrey Morgan, Esq., The Oaks, Rolton, Yorkshire.' 'The very place I should like to settle down in,' he remarked. Ringing the bell, he ordered the lamps to be lighted, and at once proceeded to pack a small valise. This done, he went downstairs and telegraphed to Mr Morgan that he would be at Rolton the next evening. At his solitary supper that evening he fell into musing over future possibilities. 'I wonder whether this Geoffrey Morgan has a daughter. It is about time I should meet my fate, if I ever do—who knows? Old rhymers say 'every Jack has his Jill.' But I am afraid I am too much of a bachelor to think of a Jill; or, what is truer, that no Jill would ever think of hav- ing me.' It was much colder next morning. An icy wind was roaring outside. Foot passengers, nipped with the cold, hurried by. Such was the sight that met Waxbridge as he pulled up the curtains and looked out. But there was no time for bemoaning the weather. Hurriedly dressing he ran downstairs. After a hasty breakfast he hailed the first cab, and was driven at topmost speed to the railway station, caught by great good luck, his train, and was soon bowling along to the North. 'By George! it was a close shave,' he puffed. 'Better late than—— Waxbridge stopped, for he saw, for the first time, that he was not alone in the carriage, and he did not wish to be taken for an escaped lunatic. Turning to the stranger, he added— 'I beg your pardon. I thought I was alone.' 'No harm done I suppose you were con- gratulating yourself on your narrow escape,' returned the other 'That is just it. It would have been ex- ceedingly awkward if I had missed the train. I should have had to wait till to-morrow.' 'Indeed! Then you are going to a place where trains are a rarity?' 'Well, not exactly. I have to make several connections. I go first to York, then change to a smaller road and go as far as Rolton, where I expect a carriage to take me to my destination,' replied Percy. 'How very odd! May I ask what family you are going to stay with at Rol- ton? Waxbridge looked at the stranger in sur- prise. He saw a tall, spare man, with keen, grey eyes, and close cropped whiskers. A lawyer, thought Waxbridge, and he was not mistaken. 'Pardon my curiosity,' continued his companion, 'but as I, too, am going to Rolton, and know most of the people of the place; I thought it would be pleasanter to know each other. My card,' he added, handing it to Waxbridge, who took it, and to his great surprise, read—'J. C. Caven, Lincoln's Inn.' 'Why, you are one of the men I want to see!' laughed Percy. 'I am staying at the Royal. I have just got back from Aus- tralia. My name is Percy Waxbridge. I have been away from England for fifteen years, and now I have decided to settle down. I came across your advertisement yesterday about a house in Yorkshire —the Oaks, I think it was—and I at once made up my mind to come and see it. So here I am.' 'Quite right. Look before you leap,' re- turned the lawyer. 'But I should like to know something about the property. Can't you favor me? 'Certainly; I am the agent for the property. It belongs to a Colonel Horn- blower, who is anxious to sell it. The terms are very reasonable, and I assure you when you have seen the Oaks you will say there is no prettier spot in England. It is oc- cupied at present by a Mr Geoffrey Morgan and his daughter Edith, with the under- standing, however, that as soon as a tenant can be found they will leave. The house, although an old one, is very comfortable. The grounds are somewhat neglected, but a hundred or so will set them right. The house stands on an elevation overlooking one of the best views in the county. There are—— 'Say no more,' interupted Waxbridge. 'If the half is true of what you say I shall be satisfied. But now to what is most im- portant in the affair—the terms.' 'I cannot tell you until you have passed a night under its roof. It is a queer de- mand, but I am acting under orders.' 'Decidedly queer. I should say the owner was eccentric. But I can wait till morning,' rejoined Percy. Conversation kept the men busy until they reached Rugby. Here, half an hour was allowed for lunch. When they again entered their carriage they were on the best of terms. Waxbridge roused himself from his usual indifference, while the lawyer, on his part, took off his mask of professional gravity, and soon the carriage re-echoed to peals of ring- ing laughter—so much so that a violent rapping from some irate passenger in the adjoining compartment told them to restrain their mirth. The winter day drew rapidly to its close. The weather had moderated very much, and it was again raining. 'I hope we are nearly there,' remarked Percy. 'We will be there in a quarter of an hour.' You had better collect your traps,' replied his companion. Waxbridge had gathered his bundles to- gether, and was stooping to pick up a fallen paper, when his companion leaned forward and clutched his arm. 'One word before we leave the train.' 'Well? 'I see you are no fool—pardon my plain language. I wish to tell you something. That house we are going to visit is haunted. The ghosts have never troubled me, but they have those who have stayed there. I myself do not believe in them. My opinion is that they trump up a [?] about ghosts so as to have a pretext of backing out of the bargain.' 'It is rather odd they all make the same objection, isn't it?' asked Percy. The lawyer looked at him keenly, and re- plied— 'It is. There may have been some trickery practised, for all I know, but the men who have been after the place have been for the most part boobies, easily frightened—men who talk big about their courage, but put them in a dark room and let a curtain flap and they will howl like women.' 'You have quite a caustic tongue, but I do not think any ghost will keep me from the Oaks,' laughed Percy. 'Waxbridge, I trust you will under no circumstances ever mention what I have told you. If it ever reached the ears of Colonel Hornblower I should instantly be dismissed from his service. Because I look upon you as a gentleman and a man of the world I have told you of the mystery that hangs over the house.' 'You can depend on me. I will never tell anyone. However, I should like to know—— But the engine, with a piercing scream, draw up at the little station of Rolton. It was now quite dark. There were several carriages waiting. 'This way, Waxbridge,' exclaimed the lawyer, as he led the way to a rather dingy vehicle. 'Are we far from the Oaks? inquired Percy, when they were seated. 'No; only about two miles.' The journey had pretty well tired both men—so much so that they were totally unconscious that they were rapidly ap- preaching their destination. Presently the driver, with a 'Whoa! steady!' drew up his horses. 'At last,' exclaimed the lawyer. Then tugging at his companion's coat he loudly shouted— 'Welcome to the Oaks! 'By Jove! I must have fallen asleep,' yawned Percy, as he made a grasp for his valise. The lawyer had already descended and was approaching the entrance, when the door was thrown open and a ruddy stream of light was thrown into the gloom. 'Good evening, Mr Craven. I am glad to see you. You have brought bad weather with you this time.' The speaker was a white haired gentleman with a grave, refined face, and a voice of singular sweetness. 'Thank you. You are right, it is most detestable weather. But you are expecting another gentleman, a Mr Waxbridge, are you not? 'No, I think not,' replied Mr Morgan, for it was he who spoke. 'He telegraphed yesterday, but it makes no difference. Let me introduce him. Mr Morgan, Mr Waxbridge. Now shall we have time to dress for dinner? 'Ample.' 'We shall not be long.' 'Dinner is at your disposal.' 'We shall not keep you waiting, depend on that,' laughed the lawyer, as, with Wax- bridge behind, he followed an antique man servant up a flight of steps. 'Is my room ready, Thomas? 'Oh, yes, sir, all ready.' 'And Mr Waxbridge's room? 'Well, you see, sir, we did not expect company, but I will get the blue room ready for him.' 'That will do, and—Thomas! 'Yes, sir.' 'I want you to build a big fire in it. One that will last.' 'Quite right, sir. Anything more, sir? 'No, only tell your master we will be down in twenty minutes.' 'Very good, sir.' And Thomas withdrew. The guests soon completed their toilet and hurried downstairs. The lawyer was the first to enter the drawing room. 'Good evening, Mr Caven." 'Ah, good evening, Miss Morgan.' Percy turned in amazement, he had for- gotten all about there being a Miss Mor- gan. He saw a young woman with dancing brown eyes, black hair, and a resolute little mouth. He had not time to notice more, for the lawyer, offering his arm to Miss Morgan, led the way to the dining room. The meal was a merry one. Percy, being the only stranger, was soon made feel at home. Indeed, he, on his part, did his utmost to make a favorable impression upon his host, and especially on his host's daughter. They were all more or less travellers, so conversation never lagged. Yet was it fancy? Waxbridge somehow or other felt that Miss Morgan was not happy. A wan, tired look sometimes came on her face. 'So you and Mr Caven met in a railway carriage,' she exclaimed, turning to Wax- bridge. 'How very fortunate.' 'Then you did not get my telegram? A merry laugh was the only answer. 'Telegram indeed! Why, it would take a week to reach the Oaks.' 'My dear, you must not be so hard upon Rolton. The telegram has no doubt been unavoidably detained. You know it will not do to run down the Oaks, because Mr Waxbridge has come down perhaps to buy the property,' explained her father, gently. Again that sad look passed over his daughter's face. Recovering herself, she said— 'Ah! father, Mr Waxbridge will think twice before letting anything so trivial as distance from London stand in the way. 'Beside,' she added, 'they are going to make great improvements in our railroad next year. 'I assure, Miss Morgan,' remarked Percy, 'that distance from London is not an ob- jection, but an inducement. I am, although I have always been engaged in commercial pursuits, something of an artist, and nothing will give me greater pleasure than to settle down in some quiet corner and try my hand once more at sketching. 'If that is the case, you will have ample opportunity to indulge in the amusement if you take the Oaks,' remarked the lawyer. 'There is no prettier spot in England. 'You are right,' chimed in their host. 'My daughter,' turning to Waxbridge, 'is quite an artist, and she will show you some of the most striking beauties to-morrow. Finally the meal was ended, and Miss Morgan rose and left the men to their cigars. 'A fine old mansion, Mr Morgan, re- marked Waxbridge. 'You ought to have it filled with people. 'Ah, would that it were,' returned his host. 'We are sometimes pretty lonely, but Edith and I are both wrapped up in the old place; but it is too large,' continued he, quickly—'at least, for me, and it needs what I have not—a long purse. 'You are right, Mr Morgan; it is alto- gether too large for you and your daughter. You ought to come to London,' exclaimed the lawyer. 'London? I think not, I have seen enough of the modern Babylon to last me a lifetime,' sadly remarked their host. 'There is no place like London—at least, in my opinion,' said the lawyer. At length the men left the table. The other two lingering in the library, Percy made his way to the drawing-room. As he approached he heard sounds of music. The door being open he went quiet1y in. It was a large room, with oriel windows. The walls were hung with old engravings and portraits. The floor was covered with rugs. A roaring fire blazed on the hearth, sending out light and heat. And something there was that lit up the faded beauty of the pictures, and redeemed the sombreness and gloom of the shadows— Miss Morgan. She was sitting at the piano, playing a dreamy German waltz. Waxbridge stood and listened. The music seemed strangely to affect him. He seemed to be listening to his life's his- tory; his early hopes and bitter disappoint- ments; his hard fight with the world and his ultimate success. Still, something seemed wanting. Hush! The melody was rising now. The trials and despair had fled away. In their place was a feeling of unrest. The music increased, and seemed to flood the room with pulsating life. It ran riot in its frantic ecstacies. Nothing was wanting now; the some- thing had been found. The jubilant sounds ceased. Still Percy stood and listened. Recovering himself, he said— 'I beg your pardon, Miss Morgan, but how witch-like you play. I never felt the power of music so strongly as I did a few moments ago. It was as if you possessed the secret of enchantment. 'Thank you for the compliment; but I hardly think I deserve it. 'Pray don't stop. I could listen all night to your playing. 'I am sure you could not; but here comes my father and Mr Caven. 'Well, Waxbridge, have you been here all this time? said the lawyer 'Yes; listening to Miss Morgan play. I have had one of the greatest treats of my life,' replied Percy. Indeed! Strong language to use at first hearing,' laughed the lawyer. 'But what is the use of strong language if we do not make use of it when it is neces- sary? 'True,' returned the lawyer. 'But, you know, young men are apt to be carried away by sentiment. Now, we lawyers never in- dulge in that fine article. The evening passed pleasantly, and it was nearly eleven when the lawyer rose and said — 'It is about time for us to say good-night. Mr Morgan, will you show Mr Waxbridge to his room? The three mounted a flight of steps and traversed a spacious hall. 'That is my room,' said the lawyer, as they passed an open door. 'The blue room is not far away,' said their host. 'Here we are. And he turned the knob of a door only a few yards distant. 'You see, we are to be near each other.' laughed the lawyer. 'I trust you are not affected with any nasal peculiarity. Striking a match, their hosts lighted two large candles. 'Now, if you should be in need of any- thing,' he said, turning to Percy, 'just pull the bell. 'You won't forget, will you? 'Thank you; I will remember,' replied Waxbridge. 'Well, then, gentlemen, I will say good- night. And Mr Morgan withdrew. The lawyer soon afterwards withdrew, and Percy was left alone. He found himself in a square room. The walls were in some parts hung with blue tapestry, which probably gave it its name. There was an old- fashioned four-post bedstead in one corner; several chairs were scattered here and there, while a wash-stand and writing-desk completed the furniture of the room. There was one window—a large one— before which the curtains were half drawn. Thomas had not neglected his duty, and a well-made fire burned brightly. Percy had pulled a chair near to the fire, and was watching the flames leap and dance when he heard a knock. 'Come in! Oh, I forgot I had locked it. Well, Caven, what are you after? 'I thought I would step in and have a chat with you before you turned in. 'Glad to see you. Do you smoke?' Percy added, extending a cigar-case to his friend. 'Thank you. Well, how do you like the Oaks? 'Very much. I am, at any rate, charmed with its host and hostess. But I say, Caven, haven't you been making game of me? 'How? 'Why, by telling me this house was haunted. The lawyer shrugged his shoulders. 'I have only repeated what all who have slept here have told me. 'And has it never troubled the Morgans? 'That is the strange part. They have never complained of seeing or hearing any thing peculiar,' replied the lawyer. 'And you think it is some trick? 'Yes. Until I seee a ghost I will not believe that there is one. 'Then you have never been troubled with seeing ghosts, even in your dreams? 'Never at any time. 'But, I say, Caven, what am I to expect to-night? 'What did the men say they saw that frightened them? 'Yes. 'Well,' mused the lawyer, 'the reports were rather conflicting. A white figure—a low wailing sound—unseen fingers tapping at window panes—and other manifestations of a like nature. The truth is, a servant girl was murdered here some ten years ago. The murderer was a discarded lover. The girl rests tranquilly in the village church- yard, while the discarded lover, by the hang- man's help, was hurried to an untimely end. It is not much of a history, but it has proved sufficient to keep the Oaks uninhabited for a number of years. 'The characters are of too lowly a sort, altogether,' he continued. 'It ought to have been some lord or fair lady; some sinister ancestor who continues to prowl around his old home, and not the spirit of a murdered servant girl and her destroyer. 'I will do the best I can to discover the trick, if trick it be,' said Percy. 'Well said; and I know you are not to be easily frightened. And, with this parting compliment, the lawyer left the room. After shutting and locking the room, Waxbridge returned to his seat before the fire. 'I am in for it now, I suppose. I hope the ghosts will not be long in coming. I should like to make their acquaintance be- fore retiring. 'I wonder whether Caven is right,' he continued, 'in thinking there is some trick- ery practised. If there is, who can do it? Surely not Mr Morgan. The only think I know is that the house is haunted by one of the most charming spirits there is in Eng- land—his daughter. Pulling out his watch, he saw, to his amazement, it was half past twelve. 'A ghost will never make his appearance as long as a light is burning. I must go to bed. Before retiring he went to the window and looked out. The night had changed. The rain had stopped, and it was clear and cold. There was no moon, but the stars shone clearly. Pulling together the curtains, he went back to the fire. It was still bright but he threw on an extra armful of wood. Then, divesting himself of his coat and vest, and removing his shoes, he blew out the candle and went to bed. He lay awake, and heard the hall clock strike one and the half hour. After that he fell into an uneasy sleep. He was roused by a slight noise. In an instant he was wide awake, strain- ing his ears to the utmost. He was beginning to put down the sound to an excited imagination, when he heard a stealthy footstep in the neighborhood of the window. All was again quiet, save for the splutter- ing of a burning log. 'I must be ready for them,' he muttered, as he noiselessly withdrew the bedclothes from his body. Again a sound from the same direction. Then Percy saw the window curtains—for the fire gave ample light—cautiously drawn aside, and a face appear. The curtains were opened still wider, and he saw a ghostly figure with waving arms. It seemed to be performing some mystic dance, yet it it was so misty and indistinct that Percy rubbed his eyes. Still it was there dancing a weird and un- earthly dance. Percy could understand the fright of for- mer men now. But he saw plainly this was no ghost, but a creature of flesh and blood—whether man or woman he could not say. The figure, in its strange dance, gradually approached. Waxbridge crouched for a spring. It came nearer—it touched the bed— when, with the cry, 'I have found you out,' Percy sprang upon the dancing phantom, and with a vice-like grip pinioned its arms. 'Your trick is found out, you scoundrel. You will no longer frighten silly people. Here he dragged the figure, which had made no resistance, to the light of the fire. 'The county gaol will teach you not to play any more of your pranks. But, great heavens! it was Miss Morgan he held in his arms. Here he was interrupted by a knocking at his door, and the voice of the lawyer ex- claiming— 'What has happened? You make noise enough to awaken the house. Let me in. Something in the wan, white face lying at his feet stopped Percy firom explaining. So he stammered— 'Oh, it is nothing. I had one of my bad dreams, that is all. There is nothing the matter. 'I am glad to hear it. But open the door and I will step in and have a short talk with you, to settle your nerves a bit,' persisted the lawyer. 'I had rather not; thank you all the same. Here Percy threw a yawn into his voice. 'I am awfully sleepy. Good-night. A grumbling from the lawyer, and then a sound of retreating footsteps. Rushing to to the prostrate figure, Percy carried it to the sofa. The brown eyes gradually opened; a shud- der passed through her frame. She recognised the face bending over her, and was about to scream, when Percy, throw- ing her handkerchief over her mouth, said, in a low tone— 'Hush! not a word. Caven is listening, and will hear everything. 'Don't tell anyone,' she gasped, while a crimson dye stained her cheeks and throat. 'Only—only,' she sobbed, 'let me go. 'I will tell no one. Shall I open the door? 'No—no. I must go back the same way I came. Don't despise me; I will explain all to-morrow. She reeled, and would have fallen had he not caught her 'May I see you to your room? 'No; I am strong now. She walkd to the window and disappeared behind the curtains. Percy heard a door open and shut. Then all was still. He flung himself into a chair, and gazed into the glowing embers. 'Who would have thought I should have been the one to discover the mystery? Yet I wish I had not. I never thought that Miss Morgan would have descended to such a vulgar piece of trickery. And yet I feel strangely drawn towards the girl. Perhaps she will explain, as she promised, everything to-morrow. At any rate, no one will hear of this night's adventure if I can possibly help it. When Percy awoke the next morning the sun was shining bright. Hearing the clock strike eight, he hur- riedly completed his toilet, and was in good time for the morning meal. 'A beautiful morning, Mr Waxbridge,' said Mr Morgan. 'I trust you slept well. 'Perfectly, thank you. You are right; it is a splendid winter morning. 'Is that not something of a prevarication, Waxbridge? exclaimed the lawyer. 'You seemed rather noisy last night—uneasy, I might say. 'Why, I told you, Caven, last night, that I had an attack of nighitmare. You don't consider that anything? The conversation was cut short by a voice from the doorway saying— 'Good morning, gentlemen. 'Good- morning,' exclaimed the lawyer and Waxbridge in one breath, as Miss Mor- gan entered the room. Then they sat down to breakfast. The sharp, crisp air caused them to do ample justice to the morning's meal. Miss Morgan, to Percy, seemed even more fascinating than before. He was impressed with the courage of the girl. Here she was totally oblivious, it seemed, of worry and annoyance. To have seen her laughing and smiling at the head of the table was to get a high opinion of woman's power backed by woman's courage. After breakfast Caven contrived to draw his friend aside and ask him how he liked the Oaks. 'I am perfectly satisfied, and now I want to know the terms. The lawyer named a sum that seemed ridiculously small. However, it being repeated, Percy said— 'Those being the terms, I will take it. I shall not, however, occupy it for several months. 'Well, I am delighted to have found a purchaser at last!' exclaimed Caven. It will be very good news to Colonel Hornblower to know the estate will pass into other hands. He has his own reasons for disliking it, I am sure. 'But,' he continued, looking Percy full in the face, 'you have not told me what took place last night. Something did, I am con- fident. 'To say the truth,' laughed Waxbridge, 'I did see something. 'You did" What was it? 'The ghost that haunts the oaks. But do not look dismayed. I am not going to back out of my bargain. All old mansions have their haunted rooms, why should not the Oaks? 'I give it up,' replied the lawyer. 'But as long as you are satisfied I am. I have to go back to London to day. If you are ever in the neighborhood of Lincoln's Inn I will be very pleased to see you. 'Thank you; I shall surely not forget to look you up when I am in that vicinity. The lawyer left in the morning train. Percy, in company with Mr Morgan, spent the forenoon in looking over the old man- sion. The inspection only brought out its artis- tic beauties. It was the house for an artist, and the young man thought so. In the course of conversation, Mr Morgan. turning to his guest asked him whether his father had died in India. Upon receiving an affirmative answer, the old gentleman resumed— 'Then you are related to some families who live in Kent. 'The Dorsets. They are relations on my mother's side. A Miss Dorset married my father. 'Then you are truly the son of my old schoolmate. Who would ever have thought of this meeting? The recalling of old times kept Percy busy answering questions till luncheon. After that, Miss Morgan, turning to her father, remarked— 'I think we ought to take Mr Wax- bridge for a drive about the surrounding country. 'I was going to suggest it, my dear; but my rheumatism is so troublesome that I am afraid to go. 'But,' he added, turning to Percy; 'do you ride? 'Yes; I am exceedingly fond of the exer- cise. 'I am afraid you will not pronounce our horses first class; but you can try what we have. 'I think Thomas can find a saddle for Mr Waxbridge,' said Miss Morgan. So it was settled,, and at half-past two they set out upon what was to be for both of them a fateful ride. The air blew fresh and strong, and the hard ground seemed made for riding. The horses, if not of the best, trotted gaily. The had ridden several hours, and were resting their horses on a little knoll prior to returning to the Oaks. The early winter sunset gleamed red in the west. All about them was quiet—frozen into sleep. 'Mr Waxbridge, you remember that I promised last night to tell you everything to-day,' exclaimed Miss Morgan. 'I will not keep you to your promise,' he replied. 'But I must tell you. Of course you have guessed the truth. It is I who have frightened people and given the Oaks a bad name. We are living there free of expense on condition that we must go as soon as a tenant is found. The house, once our own, was lost to us by the trickery of its present owner, and we could not bear the thought of being unjustly compelled to leave it. It would have been so hard for father to give it up. I personated ghost and thus frightened intending purchasers away. No one but myself knew anything about this. I discovered a long time ago a secret passage which led to the room you occupied last night. Through that passage I used to gain admittance to the blue room. Now you know all, and—here her voice faltered— 'do not despise me. I should never have resorted to such a trick had I not considered the Oaks our own by right.' 'The secret shall remain buried for ever,' said Percy. 'But cheer up, Miss Morgan. The story of the ghost will no longer hang upon the property. I have bought it and from henceforth shall rule as its master and'—here, jumping lightly to the ground, he grasped the reins of his companion's horse, and uncovering his head, continued —'Will you be its mistress? I know this is sudden, but there are times when a man ought to speak plainly. Miss Morgan, I love you—I want you to be my wife. From the moment I saw you I knew your fate was linked to mine. I have money. I will make you happy. Do not send me back to Australia. I have been a lonely man all my life.' She turned her face, it was blanched and tear stained. 'Mr Waxbridge, you do not know what you do. I am a penniless girl. I have stooped to fraud and trickery. Yet I erred for my father's sake. It would kill him to give up his home. Oh, how true it is that one sin begets another.' She paused, and hid her face in her hands. 'But I do not blame you for what you have done I understand it all. Then will you still refuse me? Percy gently asked. 'No, Percy.' The words were spoken bravely, setting on fire the young man's heart. Life had a meaning now, the cynical in difference of his nature had vanished. The mighty first love of a man for a woman had rushed upon him. Everything seemed different now. Earth was no longer drear. How could it be? The rabbit bounded exultingly over the frozen ground, the twittering snowbirds were singing, while the sighing wind through leafless stems were voices of elves and sprites wishing them Godspeed. It was dark when they reached the Oaks, and, as before, they drew up at the porch. But how different. Last night a wandering Jack had come, not knowing his Jill; now it was a Jack rich in the possession of the girl of his heart. 