Parochial Intelligence. Armadale. — The Sunday-school anniversary services were held on Sunday, August 25th, when sermons were preached in the morn ing by the Eev. E. J. Barnett, M.A., and in the evening by the Dean of Melbourne. The incumbent gave an address in the afternoon to parents and scholars. The church was beautifully decorated, and the children sang with great precision and sweetness. The services were crowded, while in the evening many were unable to be accommodated in the church. The offertories were largely in excess of last year. There are about 350 scholars and 25 teachers on the books, with an average attendance oi aou cmiareu uua a& ueaiULicio. j.uiiAi*«Du. ±u. uuW» numbers are the scholars and teachers connected with the Pridham street Mission. One of the scholars — Mabel Luxton — took second prize in the ' Sowers' Competition,' and Violet Berger an honourable mention. On Monday evening the Eev. J. W. Charlton, M.A., gave a most interesting and instructive lecture on ' Missionary Work in India.' The lecture was illustrated with coloured slides, and the Eev. J. B. Gason manipulated his excellent lantern. In the course of a short address, the incumbent emphasised the fact that interest in missionary work was in proportion to a knowledge of the needs of the heathen, and he particularly thanked the lecturer for having conveyed so much information about the Indian mission field in a very pleasant manner to a large and interested audience. :.: Alexandra. — A remarkable address was given atthe meeting of the Chapter in the Shire Hall, on Tuesday, July 9th,- on ' The Catholicity of the Church of England,' by Dr. Lethbridge, in moving a vote of thanks to Canon Potter for his able advocacy of the claims of our Church in his recent controversy with Archbishop Carr. After reviewing the various utterances of the Pope, Archbishop Benson, the Bishop of Ballarat, Archbishop Carr, and Canon Potter, with a keenness of logic and a knowledge of the subject not often found in a layman venturing into the theological field, he concludes with a well-deserved compliment to Canon Potter, whom he places 'in his controversial methods, in his honesty of purpose, in charity, in absence of bitterness, even in jest,' head and shoulders above his rival. Brunswick. — The consecration of Christ Church took place on the evening of August 7th. The church was quite full long before the hour of service. The petition to consecrate the church was presented to the Bishop, on his arriving at the door, by Mr. B. H. Wane ; the procession of choir and clergy then moved up the church, singing the 24th Psalm. The Sentence of Consecration was read by the Eegistrar of the Diocese, Mr. W. E. Morris, after signing which, the Bishop declared the church to be 'now consecrated, and set apart to God for ever in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.' Sullivan's anthem, 'I will sing of Thy Power,' was then given. The Incumbent, Eev. C. P. M. Bardon, read evensong ; and the lesson, Heb. x. 10-26, was read by Canon Hand field. After the third collect, Dr. Malon's anthem, '0 Lord, my God,' was sung. The Bishop preached from Ephesians, exhorting the people to come to church to pray and worship, not to hear the preacher. The offertory amounted to £6 10s. Among the clergy present were Canons Handfield and Carlisle, Eevs. J. Caton, A. Toomath, W. Jordan, and J. Caffyn. On the Sunday evening the Dean of Melbourne, who, forty-two years before, as curate to the late Dean Macartney, had been in charge of the district, preached from St. Luke xviii. 1-5. Essendon North. — The Eev. J. Good was formally inducted as first incumbent of the new parish on Friday, 2nd ult., by the Very Eeverend the Dean of Melbourne. The Eevs. J. Caton, A. J. Drewett, W. M'Kie, F. H. Gibbs, and A. Caffin were present at the service, which was well attended. Fitzroy. — The first gathering of the present friends and subscribers of St. Mark's Mission was held last month. The Bishop of Melbourne, who presided, spoke of the great pleasure it gave him to see such healthy signs of good feeling and vigorous work as the appearance of the meeting and report presented. A glance at the list of the clubs and various agencies in operation for the betterment of the poor was ; calculated to arouse the sympathy of every Churchman. He trusted the leaders would ever keep before them the necessity for levelling the people up to a higher standard of life and duty, and never come to the mistaken policy of descending to the habits and practices of those who surround them. If elevating and refining methods were brought to bear upon such a community as that about the mission, the blessing of God would rest upon them. His Lordship could not but congratu late the parishioners on the evidence that their bad time was over, and he thought that those who had watched the course of recent troubles, and had seen the historic parish tossed about like a helpless ship in a great storm, must have admired the indomitable pluck and brave perseverance of the incumbent midst all the upheavals. Later on in the evening the Bishop, speaking from the body of the hall, referred to the St. Mark's branch of the Girls' Friendly Society, and said that in competing for the prize of £5 offered by Mrs. Goe for the annual Scripture Search, the St. Mark's branch among the other branches in the diocese was, like Boswell among the biographers, not only second to none, but in excellency eclipsing them all. During the evening a musical programme was rendered and refreshments dispensed among the crowded audience by the mission workers. In an interval for the purpose a company was conducted over the buildings, and the working of the soup-kitchen and clubs explained. Kew. — For several years the late Incumbent of Holy Trinity (Dr. Vance) and the Vestry of this parish laboured with zeal to procure funds for the erection of a new schoolhouse, which was much required, the original building being too small for the number of' children attending, beside being old and dilapidated. Owing to the badness of the times they were not, however, successful. Since the present Incumbent, the Eev. W. G. Hindley, took charge, in January last, several circumstances have arisen to favour the work, and it was recently determined to erect the main hall of the building. This has now been accomplished, and it is proposed that the opening ceremony shall take place on Thursday, the 19th inst., at 7.30 p.m. Inaugural services will be held in the church on Sunday, the 15th, at 11, 3, and 7. The preachers will be — in the morning, the Very Eev. the Dean of Melbourne (the late Incumbent), and in the evening the Eight Eev. the Lord Bishop of Melbourne. Ktneton.— A Confirmation service was held at St. Paul's Church on Sunday, August 11th, and will long be remembered. After three months of bad Sunday weather, and a drenching rain during Saturday night, the morning broke perfectly fine, and the day matched the morning. Nineteen candidates were confirmed. There were large congregations and generous offertories, and the several discourses of the Bishop were listened to with all attention and unusual profit and pleasure. Messrs. H. Start, W. J. Tonks, and H. Hall were formally presented to the Bishop, who gave them authority to act as honorary readers, under Dr. Stacey Chapman. Mr. Start has been officially connected with the Church in Kyneton for many years, having held office there under Dr. Vance in 1864. Maldon. — The Apostolic Eite of Confirmation was administered by his Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne, in this parish, on Wednesday, the 14th August. Dr. and Mrs. Goe came over from Castlemaine about midday, accompanied by the Eev. E. A. and Mrs. Crawford, whose guests they had beeii the night before. The Confirmation service took place at 7.30 p.m., at which time the church was crowded, gallery and all, to its fullest extent. The addresses delivered by his Lordship to the candidates were, as usual, simple, earnest, and affec tionate, and well suited to impress the candidates, who listened with the deepest attention, and behaved with the greatest gravity through out. About forty of both sexes, and reaching from middle life to childhood, received the solemn gift by the laying on of hands. This, as being about two per cent, of the Church population annually, just comes up to the English average of possible candidates. Since, how ever, the Sunday-school, the natural nursery for the Church, which has always been the weak point in this parish, has lately received a great accession in strength, we may now reasonably look forwai'd to a still lai'ger number presenting themselves in the years to come. ? In this connection, it may be mentioned that two of the lads confirmed have commenced Sunday-school work as a result of the impressions received in their confirmation, desirous of doing something to glorify Grod. The Bishop, before leaving, expressed his pleasure at witnessing the extremely reverential demeanour of the confirmees. On the Thursday morning, his Lordship having heard that a son of the Eev. R. Stephen, one of the oldest clergymen in the diocese, was dying of consumption, very considerately drove out several miles to visit him — an act of kindness which was greatly appreciated by the family and by the young. man himself, who expired the same night. Oakleigh: Holy Trinity. — A very pleasant gathering took place at the Mechanics' Institute, ;Oakleigh, when a concert and conver sazione was given in honour of the Eev. Mr. and Mrs. Bust. During the evening Mrs. Eust was the recipient of a presentation from the members of the congregation, as a mark of esteem in which she is held. This consisted of a handsome pedestal lamp of unique design, which was greatly admired. There was a very large attendance, and all sections of the community were represented. The hall was tastefully decorated, being transformed for the time being into a drawingroom on a large scale, the general effect being excellent. Mr. W. E. Looker, sen., in making the presentation, referred in eulogistic terms to the very good work done by Mrs. Eust, and to her great popularity with the residents of Oakleigh. She had, he said, filled the position in which her lot had been cast with infinite credit, and by her many good qualities had won her way to the hearts of the people. She had been a hard worker, and whatever she had taken in hand had been done well; he would specially commend the part she had taken in the Benevolent Society. He had the greatest pleasure in making the presentation on behalf of the congregation. Sir James Patterson was glad to be present, and remarked that Mrs. Eust, by endearing herself to those around her, had done^much to bring about a real union of the Churches. He complimented her on being such a universal favourite. Canon Godby and Mr. Wilmoth added their testimony to Mrs. Bust's admirable work, and to the affection which was borne to her in the community. The Eev. T. H. Eust, on behalf of Mrs. Eust and himself, thanked all who had taken part in the reunion. He was glad to say that his congregation had always assisted him in his duties, and worked in perfect harmony. Other clergymen might have finer churches and larger congregations, but he could not wish for a more devoted people than he moved among in this district, and in carrying out his duties he acknowledged that he had been assisted in no small degree by his wife. During the evening some musical and other items were rendered, the song, ' Out on the Deep,' by Miss Graham, being specially deserving of mention. Light refreshments were also provided, and altogether this was one of the most enjoyable evenings ever held in Oakleigh. Queknscliff. — A very pleasant gathering took place in St. George's schoolhouse last month, when numerous members of the Church and Sunday-school assembled to entertain the Eev. and. Mrs. H. J. Wilkinson, on their return from Sydney. The large schoolroom was very prettily draped and decorated, the festoons of wild clematis lending a special charm. The entertainment, which took the form of an At Home, first mooted amongst the Sunday-school teachers, was carried out with the assistance of some members of the guild. During the evening Mr. Wilkinson thanked those assembled for their kindnesses towards Mrs. Wilkinson and himself. He said that he felt glad that Mrs. Wilkinson's very excellent qualities were appreciated by others than himself, for a little bird had whispered that the welcome was especially directed towards her. In the parochial work there was room for many workers. Sometimes a willing one would say, 'What can I do to help on the work of the parish ?' He would refer such an one to Mrs. Wilkinson, who would find useful employment for all who would come forward and help to gather in the harvest. A varied excellent programme made the time pass very pleasantly. The following programme was gone through : — Overture, Miss Bull; song, Mr. Long; duet, Misses Grant and Kes sell; recitation, Mr. George; piano and banjo, Miss Bull and Lieut. Wilkinson; piano solo, Miss Cuthbertson ; recitation, Mrs. Hitchens ; song, Mrs. Simpson ; recitation, Mr. Long ; song, Kessell ; recitation, Miss Grant ; song, Miss F. Cuthbertson ; God save the Queen. The piano was kindly lent by Mr. Sievers. The Incumbent of St. George's Church and Mrs. Wilkinson have recently returned from a .visit to their youngest son, the Eev. E. S. Wilkinson, a native^of;.'tliis town',*': . who has been appointed by the Bishop of Sydney at'the ' request of,; the churchwardens to the Incumbency- of St. Thomas'.-parish of Enfield, a suburb of Sydney. | ' ;. ? .' ..; - n ,--,-?, a ~ 