China's Moral Bankruptcy. The special correspondent of the London 44 Times" has recently contri buted to that journal a very interesting article entitled "China's Moral Bankrupt- cy." China, according to tms writer, is -politically and morally corrupt, and there is very little 'hopes of her regeneration. The writer savs : — Of the powers that hold sway within the pink walls of the Forbidden- City little oan be known. The Emperor Kwang-Hsu appears to be a sickly youth, with a melancholy but n< t unattractive countenance, given t) vio lent fits of passion, which ho gratifies in a relatively harmless way _ by smashing his furniture. In the self-imposed seclu sion of his palace, within whose precincts only women and eunnohsara allowed t-> dwell, he holds no communioition with the outside world except through the high State officials, who, in the small hours of the mornin-j, approach him on bended knee. to present reports upon public affairs in which, it may safely be assumed, the necessities of truth are largely subordin ated to the consideration of courtly ex pediency. When he goes forth from time to time to sacrifice in one of the Imperial temples of the capital, the streets through which he passes are carefully cleared and guarded, the houses on either side are shut off with heavy hangings, the ground is strewn with yellow sand, and everything removed which might offend the sensitiveness of I-nperial eyes or nos trils. Through the deserted through-. ares the Son of Heaven flits, generally in the still of night, like a ghost, borne in a lofty planqnin by a troop of bearers trained to carry on their shoulders an en ormous bowl filled with water to I he brim without allowing a drop to overfl 1 Eastern countr'es generally the real power of the Sovereign decreases in the same ratio as grown ihc bondage under which he livs to the daily tyranny of a soul- killing Court etlqne'te. Only a century ago the Emperor Kieng Lung moved freely amongst his people and took an active part in all manly pursuits. Even in the passionate rescripts of the Emperor Helen Feng, just before the Anglo-French expedition, there were still traces of a virility which seems to have since with ered away, under the influence, perhaps, of long female regencies. That public corruption should breed also the worst forms of private corruption is iucvit-ible. Peking enjoys in both re spects an undisputed pre-eminence. It is difficult, to gft even a glimpse of Chinese private life, but the advertisements pub licly d'splayed in the streets of the capital show its moral atmosphere to he as foul as the effluvia which assail one's nostrils. Over the gate of his yamen or over the door of his private residence the manda'in displays his name and title, accompanied by an unimpeachab'e text ; but on its blank walls he tolerates placards which in any European country would fall within the reach of the criminal law. Thepossi- bili'y of the Chinese swooping down on Australia is remote indeed, and a war flutter from thaatqnarteris a contingency that need not disturb the equanimity of Australia. 