SOME ABORIGINALS I HAVE KNOWN. No. II. BY SIMPSON NEWLAND, Author of 'Paving the Way,' &c.; Big Tom was a tall, wiry man of a decidedly pacific disposition, though he could fight like a demon when the occasion arose. He used to perambulate the district with his two wives, invariably turning up at harvest time to reap at least one field or my father's wheat, which he always took by contract. He thus utilized the labours of the partners of his joys and sorrows in a more effectual way than was possible under the desired daily wage system. Tom's attachment to his old master was deep and lasting, and he looked upon himself as bound by honour to him in all emergencies. He would shepherd to fill a gap, or do anything else if desired; but harvest work was his specialty. No more faithful, honest, reliable soul ever animated a black form, or a white one either. Without the smallest attempt at force or intimidation this service continued tor years, until poor old Tom went to the happy hunting grounds. He, however, survived both Big Solomon and One arined Charley, and indeed the greater num ber of his people. Let us hope that his life was happy and his end peaceful; he certainly deserved both, for his virtues were all his own, though he was only an ignorant, generally despised savage. When some valued friend has died we laud his virtues in such words as these, and scarcely feel that we can say more — ' He was a good husband, a kind father, and a true friend.' Well, Big Tom was all these. From him I learned much of the customs and opinions of his people, and I have often heard I him lament the decadence of his race. He and all his family figure in 'Paving the Way' at considerable length. Shaking Jack, so called from being affected by the palsy, was another noted character. His appearance was repulsively ferocious, and struck terror into the women and young people of the district. He generally stalked about stark naked, except for a lavish, gorgeous coating of grease and red ochre. No doubt the unfortunate wretch was deranged at times. It is a generally accepted fact that savage tribes greatly respect the insane. This is not characteristic of the aborigines of Aus tralia so far as I know them. They are certainly kind to them, as to others of their sick, but they rather laugh at their vagaries than reverence them. To the best of my re collection Shaking Jack did not excite a much higher estimation among his own than among our people. We now come to the Darling aborigines, in many respects a more interesting people. Of the Parkingee tribe Barpoo. the recognised chief when the whites stocked the Upper Darling with sheep and cattle, was perhaps the most remarkable. In person tall, spare, stately, in manner quiet, reserved and digni fied so far as any whiteman could judge, for he never unbent to them. Indeed, from first to last he refused to hold any intercourse with the hated Boree much less work for him, wear his clothes, or even eat his food. He was rarely seen by me, not more than half a dozen times during the ten years that he lived after my arrival in the district, and never at the head station. On the few occasions we met the proud savage took not the slightest notice of the stranger other than by the aboriginal's silent sign of aversion, spitting on the ground as he passed him. More he dared not do — scarcely that much as time went on, and the whip might find even his sacred shoulders. Less than that action of contempt, probably never noticed by the casual observer, he would not bring himself to show. Having once recognised that further resistance was utterly hopeless, he acquiesced in the submis sion of his tribe, and though never submitting himself he openly, took no aggreesive steps against the conquerors, but no doubt many a poor nameless tramp met his fate at the hands ot the untamable black chief in revenge for the wrongs of his people. About such matters all the members of his tribe tor long kept an impenetrable silence, even the loquacious Watulganya (of whom we shall see something presently), but as years passed on I heard from that gradually more confiding youth of several suspected murders, though particulars are withheld. One instance may be worth narrating. A drover brought his mob of cattle from a long dry stage into the Dar ling to water. Parched himself, he ran down the bank and bent over a log to drink. As his lips almost touched the stream a dead face, just beneath the surface, met his gaze. He was very dry, but he sought another spot to slake hia thirst. Who the dead was I never knew, or any one else. My drover friend and informant peremptorily refused to show me the body or describe tha place, alleging that there might be an enquiry delaying him on his journey. Long afterwards I had reason to believe that Barpoo'a waddy was not innocent in the matter. The squatters denounced the Parkingee leader as an old scoundrel, and judged by our code of ethics he probably was. With this conclusion I once coincided, but with gray hairs has come a modified judgment. It is not to be expected that Australia's pioneers, when their dangers and diliiculties were around them, could form unprejudiced opinions of their aboriginal foes. When Barpoo was hungry he doubtless killed a sheep or robbed a hut of rations. As already intimated, I have little doubt he knocked lonely travellers on the head as oppor tunity offered. But have not many of the heroic patriots of history done all these things against the enemies and despoilers of their country. Ccol rejection shows something of what the fierce untamable spirit must have felt when he saw the detested interloper take possession of all his country after slaughtering many of his people in their vain attempts at resistance, and bend the survivors to his service, making shepherds and stockmen cf the free hunters, then later to see them wither and die. There was clearly nothing left for him but to die too, and die cursing the Boree. Barpoo's influence with the tribe was para mount. A noted medicine man and chief, they implicitly believed in his power to put all straight in a future world, while he consoled himself with making death dealing bones and much cursing of his white foes. Do we not read in the best of all books that when all else failed the same expedient was resorted to on at least one occasion. One night by the camp fire, out alone with Watulgunya, I obtained an insight into the feelings of the inscrutable black chief. I asked my sable companion what Barpoo taught them respecting their future state. The circumstances were most favourable for a confidential communication — Watulgunya was in a mortal funk. We were camped on haunted ground, in the very midst of the rocks and caves where the ghosts of the dead Mulias held high carnival, and he clung to me as a very protecting angel. Apostle Barpoo'a gospel proved precisely what might be expected — all the wrongs and sorrows of this world set right in the next: sunny skies to bask under, flowing streams and luxuriant plains abounding in fish and game to disport in and hunt over, with tha trilling addition of an unlimited number of perpetually young and beautiful houris thrown in. "Yes, Barpoo had seen all this ; so it must be true." '' What of the poor whitefellow," I asked. But though Watulgunya believed every word he had been told, yet he did not think it wise, just then, to risk being senat to so much happi ness by telling the Boree his ultimate fate. Subsequently I gathered that flame and fury at the will of the saved aborigine would be the white man's portion. Toby, a tall, well-made figure, bearing the stamp of antiquity upon its avery line, flits across the stage. A face mildly benignant, covered with grey hair, low-voiced, gentle, and as innocent as any child. Essentially a most mildly mannered man, had his colour been white he would have been a really lov able character. A genuine Parkingee, he also clung to the customs of his forefathers, he might don the white man's shirt, or a petticoat worn as a shirt did just as well; but he refused to confine hia nether limbs in a pair of trousers as beneath the dignity of an abori ginal. The European's food he accepted as the best available substitute for the superior article it had supplanted, but intoxicating liquor he pronounced 'no good,' and exem plified why by staggering and rolling his head about, asserting that it so made 'Cobora walk about.'' Instinctively and by conviction he was a teetotaller, though perhaps he considered sugar a mere necessary portion of his beverage. I have always looked upon Toby as a perfect gentleman, bearing a marked resemblance to Don Quixote. His simplicity was wonderful. He once, being in charge of a flock of sheep, was annoyed by wild dogs and camp in for 'physic.' A number of baits duly charged with strychnine were giiven him with strict injunctions what to do with them, for hes was just as likely to take them himself as give them to the dingoes. A piece of tainted meat tied to a cord was hung over his shoulder to so carry to a certain point from which he was to drag it as a trail to attract the dogs; on this he was to drop the baits, in due course he returned trium phantly, having conscientiously tramped the full distance, but still bearing baits and trail on his back as when ha started. The young blacks could not speak of this exploit of the old man without shouts of laughter, but he never appeared to compre hend that he had given cause for amusement. Coby considered himself an infallible rain- maker, for which purpose he chiefly valued his venerable beard, and when required for the important ceremonies necessary to compel the reluctant element to fall, he cut it off with a liberal, unsparing hand. On such occasions he would come to me, and after carefully ex amining mine would encouragingly say that when it was a little more "flourbag"' it also could be utilized; all this with much the air of an indulgent parent calling a child that 'if it is good it shall have a treat.' Poor old Toby, he lived to see all his kindred die. His son, Jollyboy, the bright, merry boy that tigures in 'Paving the Way,' lingered the last. His loss nearly killed the doating sire, following as it did the death of his lubra, though if ever there was a happy release hers must have been. She had long been ill, but I never knew the cause until one day on going down to the camp unobserved I saw the blanket thrown back from her body, reveal ing a dreadful cancer full of loathsome insect life. Picking the insects away with a stick was kind, gentle old Toby. He looked up, saw me and burst into a wail of grief, appeal ing for assistance where none could be given. A few days later she died; surely it would have been a mercy to have ended her suffer ings with laudanum. Jollyboy, so called from his merry intel ligent disposition and boundless good temper, was a universal favourite. As he is sketched at length in other pages it is unnecessary to dwell upon him here. Though inferior to many of his fellows in horsemanship, track ing, or athletic exercises, his qualities were sterling, and in the difficulties and dangers of the bush life or those days man could not wish for a truer, stauncher companion than the sub ject of this memoir. Jollyboy once had a quarrel with a noted medicine man, of whom all were in terror, named Jacob. Jollyboy asserted that Jacob had mada ''a bone' to kill him, which the doctor, or juggler, denied. A council was held, and Jollyboy was con demned to receive a blow on the head from a heavy club wielded by the accused. The young fellow bent to the stroke, delivered with right good will over the crown, and wa3 sent sprawling. That settled the matter. No ill blood apparently followed. The owner of the broken crown expressed himself at satis fied; perhaps ha v/as glad it was no worse. Jacob grinned sardonically, but was not supposed to discontinue his nefarious prac tices. Scarcely beyond boyhood Jollyboy sickened and wasted away, of what complaint I knew not, but it often affected his mind. Long before the disease appeared fatal he told me he as dying. Poor boy, in his case, as in many others, I felt so sadly unable lo be of any use. Probably the medicines given were frequently wrong, particularly chlorodyne, which, having once taken, they always craved for. On the death of Barpoo, Warlo Jemmy became the most influential man of the tribe, aud after some years (being instigated thereto by some of the white jokers) he was duly crowned King by having a brass plate rearing his name and title hung round his neck, a dignity I believe he still bears, though his subjects are but a remnant indeed, When I knew His Majesty he was in the prime of life, a big, strong, heavily built fellow, quite a marked contrast to his predecessor. He dip lomatically truckled to the opinions of the strongest. Great, very great, at big palavers and corrobborees he loved to deck his huge person in the trappings of war, but though his courage was never questioned— indeed, his broken knuckles fractured in hand to hand combat attested his martial prowess— he then seldom fought. A hunter to the core he under stood the habits of each animal, reptile, bird, fish, and, I may almost add, insect of his country. He also possessed a profound knowledge and had a deep awe of the Mullas. those malignant spirits that haunted and destroyed the trembling Parkingee:. "I hear'em,' the King would say, ' bale white man only me, that one come up last night plenty sing out. Mine think it black fellow by and by tumble down. ' King James was the husband of Polly, who, sharing the vicissitudes of his life, was natu rally never satisfied until she likewise was proclaimed his fellow sovereign and wore a brass plate. At first he treated her pretensions with complete and profound contempt, but his better half had all the persistency of her charming sex and eventually won her ends and the royal title, which she wore with becoming grace. Within liberal limits His Majesty appreciated the fascinations of the bottle, and here again Her Majesty claimed full rights and suck for suck. He was fond of warm apparel and good living, and was very lazy, but he fully recognised the importance and necessity of the lighter work of the station being faithfully carried on — by his subjects. The real hard laborious work he considered ought to be done by ''stupid walk-about whitefellow.' He would see that some 'boy' was off at early dawn for the horses, and if in structions were imperative, and no one else available, he himself would bring up the dairy cows — when the sun had properly warmed the atmosphere. Still he was a valued institu tion, and the Manager could have better spared a better man. Jemmy, like many better heads, was hazy on the currency question. Of gold and silver there was not much on the Upper Darling, but he could not see why there should be any difficulty to a man possessed of a cheque-book. Are there not those in civilized life who also look upon that article as a bound less source of wealth? To him it was simply sitting down and scribbling a few lines; and why any reasonable man should demur to that small trouble was incomprehensible. To every objection to meet his demands he invariably replied, 'What for 'no?'' that one only makum paper.' After a number of young men had bean down with stock io Adelaide or Melbourne, Jemmy conceived it necessary to his dignity that he should go. Opportunity offering he went: but the mob of cattle was sold at Swan Hill, and he returned with the drover from that place. Ha was quite satis fied, and ever after he considered he had been to the Queen of the South city. When any doubt was expressed, he retorted, 'Wan Hill close up Melbourne.' The relation of a short incident that occurred will give some insight into his character. Sit ting writing one day I heard Miola call 'Booka Boree,' 'dead whitefellow.' And through the open door could be seen floating down the river the body of some unfortunate wretch. Only Jemmy and a strange 'walk about' were available. With them I followed in a boat and drew the corpse to land. It was not a pleasant otfice. Almost naked, the clothes were fastened by a belt round his waist, in the trouser pocket were a few shil lings and a knife, on his feet a pair of tolerably good boots. We dug a grave (a very shallow one), and bid him away. Before doing so the white man proposed taking possession of his boots, while the black man turned disdainfully away. He, at least, would touch nothing that belonged to the dead stranger. According to the customs of the Parkingees plurality of wives was allowed, and James, like many another monarch, had an amiable weakness for the adorable sex. There was a tawny charmer, of whom he became ena moured and desired to make No. 2, which No. 1 as strenuously resisted. In the crisis I was appealed to. The strict letter of the law was undoubtedly with the monarch, to say nothing of the suggestive waddy he bore. But what wife in such circumstances regarded the one or the other. Queen Polly defied both. and the King submitted. I cannot dismiss such an exalted character without a brief summing up of his virtues. As a wise ruler should, he understood the signs of the times and adapted himself to them. He was a good husband and an indulgent father, a fair catalogue for any man; but there is something more. The act for which he most deserves to be remembered was begetting Miola, the flower cf aboriginal maidens. 