The Rev. Thomas Cook's Mission. PIlEPARATORY SERVICES. In connection with the work of repa.ration for the IRev. Thomas Cook's missiol, rservices were continued in the Wesleyan Chu rch last Thursday night. There was a very faI.r congre gation, and the Ilevs. I. Stewart anti J. J. Gee conducted the meeting. After devotional ex ercises, the Dev. Il. BStewart delivered an ad dress on the subject of " The Holy Spirit," basing his remarks on part of Joel ii., 28--" I will poar out my spirit upon all flesh." His subject, he said, was the Roly Spirit, especially the Holy Spirit in His relation to revival ser vices or mission work. It was a subject which was so gmreat that no words of his coul set it forth. He had been thinking about it, praying about it, and trying to study in connection with it, and the more he did so the larger it seemed to get. We learnt from the Word that the Holy Spirit was the great Worker in all creation; the Holy Ohost was the great Agent in the new creation that God was effecting in men's hearts; He was the great Worker in bringing ruined humanity back again to its original tone, or even higher than its original tone. Without the Divine Spirit there could be no conscious salvation; it was He who bore witness with our spirit when we were called. Without Him there could be no prayer, no faith. There was never a true revival without the Holy Ghost. Everything that was good and true and pure in any revival was the work of that Divine Spirit. All true revival was the work of the Divine Spirit. They as aChurch wanted that same Divine Worker in 1teir midst. He was the only One Who could really lead us home into the light. Mr. Stewart's discourse was attentively listened to. After a hymn had been sung, the pronouncing of the benediction concluded the service. The service last night was fairly well at tended. The Rev. R. Stewart conducted the meeting, and the Roev. J. J.Gee, who was pre sent among the congregation, took part in the consecration service which succeeded the ad dress. After devotional exercises, the Rev. Joseph Walker spoke on the subject of "Con secration." Heexpressed his thanksfor having the privilege of taking pat in one of those pre paratory meetings, and said he thought he shared with them almost to the full the hope and the expectationof a blessing to thatChurch and town through the coming of the Rev. Thomas Cook. If theywent to the very root of the word "consecration," they would find that it was very similar to that of sanctifcation. It meant setting apart, and he thought a little more than that-devotion to as well as being set apart for. Of course, in the Bible it meant be ing set aside for God's service and devotion to anything to which God might be pleased to call us. He need not say that there was a very great difference between the ideal Christian of the New Testament and the common run of Christians that were round about us to- day; and yet, until we realised the ideal of the New Testament, we could not serve Christ as He wished us to serve Him,nor could the Christian Chureh be a Divinely-ordained institution, as God intended it to be, for bringing men to the feet of Christ. To be consecrated men and women we should give ourselves entirely to Christ. In calling als to be consecrated servants, He called us to give every part of ourselves. Perhaps the bestillustration of consecration we had after the Divine-the model character of the New Testament-was that of the Apostle Paul. It had sometimes .been esid--ait , there was something out of reason, somethlig arbitrary, in asking from a man so complete a surrender of his every power as was wanted in consecration. No man had the right to ask that surrender from his fellow. man, nor if he did had the latter any right to giveit; but God had the right. There could not be in any walk of life the highest excellence except by consecration. In asking us to consecrate ourselves for His service God was bestowing on us thegreatest blessing that He could'bestow in this life. Illustrations of con. secrarted lives were mentioned-those of Richard Baxter, Charles and Iohn Wesley, Luther, gnoz, and others. Though we could not be men like those, we could be consecrated men and women in our own sphere, petting forth thatinfluence that would brighten human life, that would sweeten society and bring great blessing to those rmund about us. To put his text at the en of his ediscouse iastead of the begianinghe rehaured his hearers to the thirty sehapter lpeiaodtes, whereriB sn said " Consecrate yourselves to-day to the Lord, that Hemnay bestowpon you a blessing." He asked were thb ready ito e consecrated just now. He belieed that the consecration of all the members of our Churoches wouldttartle the world- and be an object lessobn that irould pro bably result in the salvation of handreds of thousands at ieoIlle. The dissourse was listened to with marked attention,.and at its earolusion a prayer and consecrationa meeting was held. 