i TURK OF TP MY, [Written for Ibuth.] One steaming Sunday morning we w&i; riding slowly down— That's me and Jim from Mary bone— to Tarrioola Town; And the chapel-bell was clanging as we crossed the belt of scrub That bounds the psrlon'e paddock at the back of Riley's pub. We hadn't got a deener, and we're anxious here to state ' That we'd break no 6 on day liquor law— whilst Riley kept a elate. The boes was 'most obliging, though he mentioned we'd a bill That stretched instead of abriskittg and settling in his till. 6o Jim, to head him off, talks horse ; and, giving me a wink, Saye; 'Riley, what was yon before jou took to selling drink ? * I've heard as how, at Gonlia, you'd a ringing good old grey Who was pretty near a champion In tbe steepiechasing way.' Then Riley screws hie face up, half whistles, soon he spoke : . ''Tie a very tender topic, boys. That grey horse eept me broke. But take a nobbier to his name, and while ' you're at it — well, Just join me hoping Gonlia sharps ore shrivelling in hclL You never knowed my old grey, Fox, who won me many a race I lost him in a kind of flood in that dog rotten plsoe. 'I never was a silver-tail, what goes for frill and splash ; I'm modest-like and baehfni when my dart's to cop the cash. So as 1 wants tbe Fox to win the Gonlia steeple plate I didn't skite about bis form to get him put tqp weight. Not much. I just forgot hie name; and in an absent way He's entered : Smith's br h Ace, aged ; and exit Riley's grey. 'And then I goes and multiplies my e-ngle string by two (For if he wants a monte— why, what's a cove to do 1) And eo I makes a ' bird ' of it, who'd get the maximum, By shoving in The Bugler, by The Colonel— Belladrum, The handicapper, 'course, fall; in, and socks him up with weight — A pretty poultice, 14et, whilst Ace gets lOst 81b. Rove, you know whet colors is. Grey'a grey and brown it ain't, But it'e not 80 hard to change 'em, if you're handy with the paint. I puts my dollars on the Ace, the pot was nice and warm, When the parsons who'd been praying hard brought on a thunderstorm JuBt as they went out to the pott. What price t h at rain ? Ob, cripes 1 The Ace wants brushing up again— he's coming ont in stripes 1 The etarter did good fooling, too, a dodging drops of rain, And I notes a transformation 6ceue about the tail and mane. We're off at last. The coarse was stiff, and 'fore we got once round Host all the devil's dozen had had business with the ground. But two stood up— tbe Ace behind— tbe doctor's chesnnt led, When 'bout a mile or eo from home he landed on his head. Growing careless, with no rivals, we takes off much too close ; And, following the prescription, we gets onr tumbler dose. Don't make no odds, we're np again, with whips of time to spore. Win easy from tbe chesnnt— why does the conrse clerk stare ? Why does the doctor protest f What's that the blind judge soys 1 '' A brown is eeven on my card— there ain't no zebra greya 1' They has me np ; some swears it's Fox. I torus and oaks tbe Doc. If folks don't sometimes find their hair gone ikewbald through a shock f 'It's rare/' says hei I chips in ; 'Ace is timid, easy scared ; Them thunder-claps and all them falls have frightened him white-haired.' I swore the Ace was dead three months. ' Quite 60,' they said, ' he's dyed. Our verdict's Riley and bis horse for life dis qualified.' To save my skin, and get away, I paid np every debt, And so 1 gave tbe Doc. tbe grey to square a pony bet. And, in return, he whispered me : ' Your pots won't overboil, And colors last far longer when the artist paints in oil.' And, yelling as he rides sway, 'Yon needn't look so bine. Your grey's done brown I' He little thought how soon I'd change his hue. I evened np his winning game— though no more mokes I dyed ; I bleached a bay to creamy with some stuff called peroxide. A chemist, who'd a down on him, gave me the tip. Next year I won the Doctor's dollars back. My -oath 1 it cost him dear. He'd got the lifer off the Ace, and backed him for a pile. 'I was rather strange a mate of mineahonld do him up in etyle. He'a never known the creamy horse who beat him on the post Was, thanks to that there chemist's stuff, a Sydney hummer's ghost. ? G. H. 8. 