BURNED FOR A WITCH. STORY OF THE CRIME. A HORRIBLE AFFAIR. ]3i»ut men wore recently .sentenced to termu of iiuprisonment varying from six months to twenty years for the murder of a woman named Cooper, whom they burned te death, under the delusion that they were destroying a with. Tho fol lowin'* particulars of tho crime are taken ; from theLondoti Times”:— j A shocking occurrence;, recalling the bar barities practised in the Middle Ages upon prisoners charged with witchcraft, has taken plaoe at Baity vadhon, a villago situate on the slopes of Slievenatimn, in the county Tippe rary. It would be incredible if the acoount wore u >c subst-iati-ital by the sworn ovidence of witnesses. Two men and a woman arc charged with causing the death of a woman 27 years of age, named Bridget Oleary, wifo of a cooper, by forcing her, as she was Buffering from nervsus cxcito rnont and mild bronchitis, to drink noxious potions prepared for her by a herbalist, and then seizing her and roasting her under the supposition that she was a witch. Her husband called on her to say, in tho name of God, that sho was not Ills wifo. She was held over a fire to mako tier say this. Theso proceedings wore repeated on tho fol lowing night, when tho husbund knocked her down, Stripped otf all her clothes, poured paraffin oil over her, and set firo to her with a burning Btick from the hearth. While sho wub burning to death there wore present six of tbo male prisoners and two women, all re latives of tlia decoasod. Some of thorn re monstrated with tho husband, but did norli ingmore. Ho told them that it was not his wife ho was burning hut a witah, and that sho would disappear up the chimney. During the process of ,tho protracted and torriblo tortures described by a witness as having | been inflicted on tho unfortunate woman, ,.Bome of tho party repeated tho words, “Como home, Bridget Boland” (the maiden name of tho victim), in tho belief, ap parently, that they were doing what was necessary to bring bade the real Bridget Boland who had been carried off by the “good people,” tile fairies,and that b was a super stitious counterfeit they wore cruelly killing. The savago orgies were formed in tho house of the woniaug father. The doad body of tho victim, with tho stomach burnt through, was found buried in a ditch alter a week. The fallowing is taken from the evidence at tho magisterial investigation ut Cion William Simpson, a carotakor, stated that on tho night of the tragedy he wont to tho house of Patrick Boland, and on tho way met Mrs Bourko and her daughtor Kate. They went togethor to tho house, uud on reaching, it heard shouts, apparently in men's voices, oi “Take it, you old-, or I'll kill you.” lie could not see in through tho windew, but tho door opened shortly afterwards, and tlioy went in. Colonel Evanson: Was thero anything that led to tho door being opened ? The witness : They were obliged to open tbo door, as I thought, to put out the fairies. Continuing bis evidence, ho said that bo and the two women wont in, and they licard shouts of "Away she go ; away' sho go.” Ho then saw a number of men holding Mrs Cleary in bed. These were John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, Jamos Kennedy and Wm. Kennedy. Mrs Cleary's husband was stand ing by tho bod, holding a saucepan in his • hand, and ho naked Mrs Cleary, “ Are you liriJKot Ealauil. wifo of Michool Clonry, in tbo namn of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost?” Sho said, in reply, “Yes, lam.” The question was repeated several timos. Witness saw Michael Cleary give his wifo some liquid in a spoon out of a Euuccpan. There wero herbs in the saucepan. Cleary was forcing the herbs into his wife’s mouth, and sho resisted. Water, too, wa3 thrown over her. Pat Boland asked her, “Are you tho daughter of Pat Boland? Answer, in tho name of tho Father, the Son, and tho Holy Ghost.” Sho did not answor, and tho question was repeated more than once. Questioned as to what theso people were all in tho houso together, for wit ness said ho believed “ they were driving out the witch,” and tho door was open for tho purposo. When sho would not answer tho question Eomo ono, ho believed John Dunn, said “Mako down a good lire, and wo’ll mako hor unowor.” There was a fire burning at this time in the kitchen. Sho was thou carried in front of the firo by John Dunn, Patrick Kennedy, William Kennedy, and her husband, and was again asked tho same questions. Witness did not remember her making an answer. The men who wero holding her then laid her over the fire, Cleary holding the saucepan all the time. Tho body was bent, and forced in on the grato, and hor hips rested on it. The other persons in tho room made no sign of disapproval. In reply to her father, who asked her, “ Arc you the daughter of Pat rick Boland, wifo of Michaol Cleary ? An swer mo in tho name of God.” She said, “I am, dadai” They wero then satisfied they had tneir own. What do you mean by that ?—That they had Mrs Cleary, and not a witch. Then what had they got before?—They beliovad they had a witch. Thoy shook her wlton sho was in tho bed, saying, “Away with you. Como home, Bridget Boland, in the name of God." Tho same men took hor otf tho firo when she had answered satisfac torily. She was thou pat into bod, and they asked her questions, and' sho reoogriisod all in the room. Some of those in the room then tried to consolo her. At G o'clock.in. the morning Cleary went for tho priest. Tho Bov. C.-F. Ryan was next oxaminod, and stated that ho attended tho deceased woman previous to her doatb, and gavo her tbo last rites of tho Church. On the Satur day following her death ho saw Cleary in tho churoh in Drangan. He was behaving like ajmadman, tearing liis hair, and appeared to bo suffering from remorse, He asked witness if he thought he would over be forgiven. Dann, who was along with Cleary, told witness that they had hurned her to death and buried her, and that he had been asking Cloory all the morning to give ;hcr Christian burial. Had he known thare was any such thing as witchcraft or foul play be would have rofused to say mass in tho house. He had communicated with tho police, and told .them to nave thnir oyc on Claary • On Tuesday Mrs Simpson, tho wifo of tho witness William Simpson,generally confirmed hisstory. When tho woman was carried to the kitchen fire, which was a Blow firo, not hot enough to boil a kettlo,' the witness heard it said by some that “All tho ques tions should bo answered before midnight,” which sho understood to mean that the witoh could not be driven away later than mid midnight. She saw nothing in reference to a hot poker, but there was a mark as of a burn on tho forohead of tho deceased. Sho knew where iho "fairy ring” was at Kylenagranagh Fort, but was never there. She heard Cleary tell her nusband on tho Sunday following the murder that liis wife ‘ was at Kylenagranagh, that they wo aid go | for her, that sho would ho on ft grey horse, and that they v/ould have to ?it the cords I that bound her on the horeo. Sho did not know whethor they went. Father Ryan aenounccu tno outrage iu tho strongest terms in Cloneen Ciinpel, and oalled upon those of hia hearers who knew anytheng of tho affair to commuuieaio with e authorities. 