FACTS FOR THE ELECTORS Mr. Harris ia far and away the bosk of the candidates who have offered their ser vices toJEtho elector! of Fitzroy. Ho ia. thoughtful, a good speaker, and a level-; headed business man. Moreover, ho believes ia tha policy of peace. If he. is returned he-, will be a credit to tho Legislature. The Telegraph's apology to the Hon. E. Viekery is published in our advertising columns to-day. It is tho most abject apology that has ever been published in any newspaper. Tho paper admits that it made " unwar rantable and falso imputations upon Mr. Vicltcry's honor." Also that " there was not tho slightest shadow of foundation or truth to base the offensive paragraphs upon." Now if the Telegram was so reckless with respect to Mr. Vickery'a character, is it Dot a lair inference that it has been oven more reckless with regard to hundreds of other tilings it has published 1 For example, it asserts that the members of the Gaiety Company have been invited to bo prosent at Sir Henry Parkos's meeting in Her Majesty's Theatre this afternoon. Is tbnt information reliablo, or is it on a par with tho false statement made by tho Tele graph Inst year that Sir George Dibbs had nominated a bookmaker for a seat in the Upper House I The Telegraph says in effect to-day that nndcr Mr. Keid's bill only the prairie value of tho agricultural and pastoral lands of the province would be taxed. As well as £475 exemption, the value of all visible and invisible mprovemcnts ioo be deducted before the tax is imposed. It is perfectly satisfactory to our mind that onr contemporary docs not understand the subject of land values taxation, and cer tainly its statements are not in accord with those on the incidence of the proposed tax that have boen made on several occasions by the Colonial Treasurer. Tho poor old Heiuld is still barracking— in very inditlercnt English — for Mr. Rcid. Its campaign article in this morning's , issue abounds in misrepresentations. Moreover, it expound.) a very different policy from that advocated by the 'papor only a few months ago. Here is a specimen of the rhetoric used by tho Herald' in ths article l— " What then remains of the Government policy to account for the persistent attempts to defeat it by b'ackening and defaming the reputation of the Premier? The answer to the question to which we are thus' led is that something yet remains — something which, when re garded as the motive power of so sinister a combination, throws a baleful light on our political life." It was doubtlcBs rubbish of this kind that caused Alias Si) aw,' of the Londou Times, to make the remark that the " leaders" in our morning papers ' were destitute of Attio Bait. Said Mr. Wise last night " Surely a Prime Minister who realised the great re sponsibilities of his high office wuuld be better employed in helping the people to a clear unaersl ending of the' problems of statesmanship than by vilifying opponents and asing language which could only bring Parliament into disrepute by destroying publie respect for its- members." Mr. Wise is quits right, but doubtless he is awaro that the Premier is incapable of discussing the problems of statesmanship. Mr. Wise at Flinders What ha wished to know. and what he would watch for with interest was which party— the Ministerial or tho labor— wes going ' to got the best of tho deal? Would Mr. M'Gowen throw ovor Mr. Reid or Mr. Reid throw over Mr.. M'Gowen. They couldn't both carry out their principles." The coun try will give the best answer to this to morrow by throwing them both over. As Mr. Tuck has not the ghost of a chance of securing the Randwick seat tho protectionists in that district should vote solidly for Mr. Wilson. The latter is, in deed, a free- trader, but he has pledged him self that he will in the event of his being returned leave the existing duties alone. Mr. Robert Reid, of Victoria, and the Attorney-Genoral of Tasmania, both free traders, have the utmost contempt for the financial policy . of our Government, and they cannot understand why the free-trade press is so vehemently insisting that tho existing duties should be removed. They seem to be of the opinion that the free-trude papers' in Sydney are conducted by cranks. ' . Raid's orations have killed him politically. Outside of the offices of the freo-trado papers there ia probably not 'a dozen educated men in the meiropolis who have any respect -for the Premier. Tho spectacle of tho editors of tho Herald and the Telegraph bowing down before a clown like Mr. Reid is one of the most degrading sightB that has been witnessed in. Sydney. Special attention is directed to an extract, published in another column, from a latter sent by Mr. Bruoe Smith to the Herald. Mr. Bruce SmithWns tho first of the six or seven gentlemen whom the Premier in tended, to nominate for seats in tho Legis lative Council.. Mr. Raid informed Mr. Smith of his intention, but conveyed that the nomination would be conditional on the latter supporting all the , Ministerial mea sures. This degrading proposal met with the treatment it deserved. Of courso the Herald has not uttcrod a single word of comment on tho scandalous conduct of the Premier. People who wor ship images of mud must themselves become degraded. Did Dr. Garran accept similar conditions to those proposed by the Premier to Mr. Bruce Smith? If he did he disgraoed him self in his old age, No country exclusively engaged in raising raw produce, or, in other words, no country withont manufactures, can fully employ the whole of its available labor.— Fort- sightly Review. England laid the foundation of her com mercial supremacy as a prohibitionist. Sbe refused not Alone to permit her own artisans to emigrate, but provented foreign manu factures coming into her market. Is the Mr. W. Shepherd who is election secretary to Mr. Carrn thera the same gentle man who receives £245 a year in the Lands Office? If so his civil service duties mnat be very light when ho can afford time to 'organise in St. George Division. 