ON THE TOP OF MOUNT WELINGTON IN A BLIZZARD. The Walrus and the Carpenter gazed upward from below; They wept like anything to see such quantities of snow; If we were only there,' they said, 'it would be such a go!' At 7.15 p.m. on Saturday, 21st Sept, 1895, a solitary figure might have been observed (this is the G.P.R. James gambit) crouched under the lee of a wall, about the point where Davey street melts into the Huon Road, endeavouring to escape the million needled blast. (N B. "Million-needled" copyrighted according to law.) It was the Carpenter, waiting for the Walrus. That morning the weather had been so atrocious, the mountain had looked so forbidding, the Inclement One in Queensland had prophesied such appalling things, that a sacred frenzy fell upon the Carpenter. He rushed to the Walrus, and proposed a night ascent to the Springs, and a morning ascent thence to the summit. The Walrus, fortunately, is not entirely rational. After a brief struggle with his Lower Self, he yielded. The Carpenter then rushed off in search of two more, to make up a comfortable quartet of lunatics. Alas! the worthy man was doomed to bitter disappointment. Everywhere he was met with common sense, prudence, reasons. He promised wildly every joy that his unbridled fancy could suggest; missings of the tract, frostbites, hunger, cold, and weariness as unto death. In vain; all in vain. The Mock Turtle promised to come, but presently remembered a 'priory 'tachment;" and everyone else scoffed, scouted, mocked. He returned to the Walrus, bitterly lamenting the decay of idiocy in the rising generation, and mournfully declaring that the very boys of to-day are more rational and sober-minded than were the old men when he was young. But the Walrus was very good, and consoled him tenderly. 'At least,' he said, 'there is no sense in me!' And the Carpenter gazed upon him through his tears, and was comforted. To return:-The Carpenter was soon joined by the Walrus. Umbrella-less, overcoat-less, but well belegginged and begloved, the twain started, in the teeth of a fierce wind. Nevertheless, the Carpenter had his inseparable familiar between his teeth. The Walrus is virtuous, and does not smoke. He has no petty vices; he has no room for them; the big ones occupy all the space. It was a pleasant walk to the Finger- post. The road was hard, the sleet- showers only occasional; and the frozen snow either fell off or formed a homoeopathic shield. Strange as it may sound, it is true that not even a thickness of cloth was wet through. The eyes suffered most. The Walrus, being addicted to light and frivolous subjects, tried to inveigle the Carpenter into a disquisition on the Ontology of Being; but a pilule of frozen snow hit the latter on the eyeball with such force, that he became utterly disqualified for philosophical discussions. So he told comic anecdotes, and the Walrus capped them with better. A strange enough walk it was. The moon was not visible, but her influence was in the air; and the stars gave a faint yet perceptible light. It was a ghostly world through which they walked. Vague masses of whiteness loomed up now and then; which might be the side of of huge fallen tree twenty yards away, or the side of the mountain, twenty furlongs. Overhead were drifting masses of heavy cloud; on either side spectral trees; everywhere an infinite Unknown; while ever and again blast after blast, each seeming fiercer than the last, came rushing down the road, with pillars and clouds of frozen snow for their escort. At last the Finger-post was reached, and the new track was entered upon without delay. Under the trees the darkness was intense; the ghostliness terrible. More than once the Carpenter feared in his inmost soul that they had left the track; but the Walrus ploughed bravely on, and never 'erred and strayed from the way.' How silent it was! The snow scarcely crunched under the foot; and in the lulls of the storm the roar as of a distant cataract, which had been in their ears all the way to the Finger-post, was hushed into absolute silence. The Carpenter struck a match, to light another pipe. Its little flame caused a weird world to spring into being out of nothingness; and when the match fell to the ground and went out, and the world vanished back again into nothingness, the effect was really just a trifle creepy. So the Carpenter quoted Shelley, and the Walrus mode scientific statements of the most absolute and rigid inexactitude; and they went on. The track was horribly bad in many places; the foot sunk through a crust of snow into abysmal depths of vilest mud. Before the authorities disfigure the mountain with a new track, they might profitably spend a few tons of stones and a little labour on the present one. It is always muddy in some places, where springs ooze out in the very path itself. The Carpenter had met the worthy Host of the House Beautiful at the Springs in town that morning, and had apprised him of the projected imbecility. But by this time it was nearly 10.0 p.m., and the Host had given them up. However, their caterwauling as they drew nigh (they think, poor things, that they know how to "coo-ee'') brought him to the door in welcome. The last part of the ascent had been through pretty deep snow, and the threshold was crossed with thankfulness. Then followed the lighting of a fire in the comfortable, double bedded spare room, and the feeding of the same to volcanic dimensions; a long yarn with the host about the mountain and its mysteries; a supper of good home-made bread and sweet home- churned butter, with tea for the Walrus, and cheese and tea (only he spelled it differently) for the Carpenter; a last smoke and chat before the fire; and then, at midnight, to bed, beneath generous piles of blankets-where the Walrus slept the sleep of the unjust, untroubled by digestion as they by conscience, while the wakeful Carpenter listened to the roaring of the storm. He was not surprised to learn afterwards that at that hour the fragments of the Kingston Jetty were being tossed upon the Kingston beach. Had he found himself, the Walrus, the House Beautiful itself, host, family and all tossed down at the foot of the Organ-pipes, he would scarcely have been surprised-though he might have felt hurt. As the Mock Turtle had promised to come up from town and join them at 10.0 a.m. on the next day, they generously gave themselves till 9.0 a.m. in bed. Breakfast over, they awaited the Mock Turtle. They gave him one hour's law; and then, armed with bread and butter, German sausage, and a curious Scotch tea carried in quaint silvern flasks, at 11.0 a.m. they started forth on their high emprize, alone in their glory. It was a white world which lay before them; with a dingy bottom- ground, so to speak, where the unhappy dwellers in the city sat in sordid comfort in their homes. Up there, the air was as fresh as cold water. (The simile is the Walrus's; the other man is not competent to judge.) The snow before them was absolutely untrodden, and almost knee deep from the start. It was very seldom less than that, and frequently much more. Being soft and light, progress, especially upward, was no easy task for the front man. (The second man, treading in the footsteps of the first, has an enormous advantage.) The Walrus is young and strong, and good and kind. He led all the way, and the Carpenter blessed him unceasingly. At first there was manifested a slight tendency to snowballing; but after each had had a fall or two, it was felt to be too absurdly superfluous, and was dropped. Onward, and upward; slowly but surely; "without haste, without rest"- except for a moment's breath-recovery, after a specially hard hit. Overhead all was dark, the upper part of the mountain being completely hidden; the wind was keen and strong, and full of driven snow; but the immediate prospect charmed even their world- worn souls. Every tree was a dream of beauty, every piece of bushy scrub and every scrubby bush, a poem in white. Icicles pendant from the wayside; perfectly rounded cupolas of snow on solitary rocks; delicately tapering, fine-edged ridges and crests of snow on fallen trees; shreds of mist floating hither and thither; all, as Shelley sings, "All formed a scene "Where musing Solitude might love to lift "Her soul above this sphere of earthliness: "Where Silence undisturbed might watch alone; "So cold, so bright, so still." Still upward. The Ploughed Fields are not far off, and the dun cloud overhead is nearer. The wind is keener, sharper, stronger; the snow deeper. The Carpenter, who is not so young as he once was, displays a tendency to flag; for, as a German gentleman (who prided himself on his knowledge of English) expressed a well-known saying, 'The ghost is willing, but the meat is feeble.' Suddenly a wild halloo is heard, and three figures, looking oddly black against the snow, are upon them. At first the twain are sorely disappointed. They had fondly hoped that they were the only Supreme Asses in Hobart that day; and now, behold, three more! But they find that the trio all hail from the other side of the Derwent; and all is peace and joy again. The Hatter, the March Hare, and the Dormouse have walked in the others' tracks with much complacency. Now, "one good turn deserves another," as the designer of the Main Line Railway said; so the three are sent on in front, and the two drop behind. The Carpenter walks humbly in the very rear, and hugs himself in ecstasy. He has a pretty firm pathway wherein to walk; while the poor Hatter in front is dislocating joint after joint. A proposal to cross the Ploughed Fields is negatived on the voices, as shovels have been omitted from the parties' equipments; and those useful articles would be absolutely necessary across the Fields for mutual extrication. So, still on, and up. The dun cloud is very near now, the wind has risen, or they have risen into it, till it is a hurricane which batters them; and the Hatter in front there is well nigh spent in the thigh-deep snow. The last defile between the rocks is reached, is climbed; and the Blizzard is upon them. It deserves the name. It is a hurricane, travelling at the rate of five hundred and twenty three miles per hour or thereabout; there seems to be as much frozen snow as air in it; and not infrequently two or three post- lengths ahead are as much as can be made out. The March Hare and the Dormouse, the Walrus and the Carpenter, at last display a tardy humanity - based on self-interest. It is evident that the Hatter will soon have to be carried, if all the terrific work continues to be left to him; so he is dismissed to the rear, with all honour. Then each man takes it in turn to act the snow plough, falling to the rear when exhausted; and the melancholy procession winds on. The great Ridge is reached. Shall they cross it? Were it only a question of the snow, they might go on, and reach the Pinnacle. But every step forward means a step backward, against the wind; and if this is so terrible in their backs, what will it be in their faces? A few halts, followed by irresolute short advances; and then a glimmer of reason crosses these gloriously benighted minds. The Blizzard is too much for them; they throw up the sponge. But first the Carpenter must eat, will eat, does eat; and a hunk of bread and a slice of sausage, both in this air as hard as board-at any rate as cardboard, are between his teeth as they turn. The others drink the curious Scotch tea, or munch sticks of chocolate-a most excellent food and stimulant in one for mountaineers. They turn. Ye gods and little fishes! It is the retreat from Moscow. Ten seconds of facing that blast, and the eyelashes are frozen together, icicles hang from moustache and beard, while each man grows grey before his time. No one but the Hatter has anything on his head but the slightest of caps; and ears are gingerly felt, to make sure that they are still there. The driven snow, fine as dust, sharp as needles, is worse than the wind itself. It is impossible to do more than peer ahead for a second through nearly closed eyes. Alone, one might well fail to see one post from another; one might well lose the track, for the foot- steps made in coming are already all but effaced. But some one of the five always manages to see, and the others stumble after. It is magnificent-and it is also war. The Carpenter clings to his sausage, and munches through it all, heedless of shouted yet faintly-heard revilings. Presently the March Hare calls for help. He is wearing a jersey, and has drawn down the sleeves over his hands-and the sleeves have frozen there. To extricate the benumbed fingers is no easy task; and when finally they are got at, they need to be rubbed briskly with snow, and that right speedily. Still on, each man looking like a bead-trimmed Indian from head to foot. At last, after an unconscionable time, the lower rocks are reached again, and the fury of the Blizzard no longer reaches them. The Walrus and the Carpenter stop for more bread, sausage, and Scotch tea; the others push on for the Springs. The descent was swift, but fatiguing. To have one's hip-joint dislocated every other minute grows monotonous after a while. When the Walrus and Carpenter came to the jutting corner of the track immediately above the Springs, Satan entered into the latter. He proposed that they should go straight down the hillside. The Walrus firmly clenched his noble tusks, and grunted a grim assent. So they went down head first, part of the way. It is not a path to be recommended, when there are three feet of snow on the ground. But it was certainly a short cut, for they reached the Springs hardly five minutes behind the others, who had had a good quarter of an hour's start. The rest is commonplace. A roaring fire, before which the House went into committee, excluded the press, and dried as many of its garments as it could; food; hot tea, more hot tea, and yet more hot tea-leaving the Carpenter still feebly wailing for more, from which the Walrus kindly but firmly withheld him. (He had already had five cups.) Then down the old track- an easy path with the snow carpeting its roughness; and four miles of mud and slush to home, bath, dry clothes, fireside, pipe, book, and bliss. 