Mark Twain. "Mark Twain" was again welcomed by a very large audience at the Protestant Hall on Saturday evening, the occasion being his second appearance in Sydney, and the people feeing thoroughly acquainted with the humorist's renown, no less than with the good impression he had made upon those who patronised his first entertainment, were in a mood which should make a more bashful man than Mark Twain feel "at home" directly he faced them. He is, however, about the last man to suffer from stage fright even under adverse circumstances, and one can easily imagine how quietly but suddenly he would annihilate anyone among his hearers who showed a hostile in- tention. He would simply fire off one of his unexpected jokes and the opposition would be conspicuously absent from that time out. Mark Twain does not lecture his audience, he merely talks to them, but it is the manner of talking which makes people flock round him. Already he has been suf- ficiently written about to make descript- tion of his "style " unnecessary. It is particularly his own. On Saturday even- ing he completely changed the subjects of which he talked, and introduced a variety of anecdotes ranging from his early experi- ences with an interviewer to Uncle Dan'l's ghost story, and while during the introduction to the for- mer he delivered a particularly Mark Twain-ish homily on the art of lying, and then left his hearers very much in doubt as to whether he wished them to think the interviewer or the inter- viewed, was the greater fool, he, at the other end of his entertainment, told the ghost story — as it had been told to him in his early boy- hood days — with such consummate dramatic skill as to make a remarkable contrast to his lighter conversational nar- rative. The introduction of gold field "slang" terms in the history of the death and burial of Buck Fan- shawe was effected without allow- ing the "slang" — so often objectionable — to be anything except very amusing. Several other short stories of men and places were included, all having one ulti- mate object — namely, to provoke laughter, and they were all successful. Most of the narratives related on Saturday had been previously made familiar to the English speaking world through the medium of Mark Twain's books, but while it is diffi- cult to read Mark Twain and not laugh, it is impossible to hear him and remain un- moved. The third "at home" is announced for this evening. 