CORRESPONDENCE. THE " STANDARD" ARRAICNED. HEAR, HEAR ! TO THE EDITOB OF THE LEADER. SIR,—The Numurkah " Standard" of 31st May, bears the appearance of a production from the London slums. From three different parts,—from the proprietor's statement, "Citizen's" letter, and from the editorial sub-leader there is hurled at me language so abusive as would make a Billingsgate fish- wife green with envy or a London costermonger flee with fright. This trio of beauties, so ready to attack others, are now themselves attacked, and they don't know where they are. They kick, they bite, they scratch, they squeal. "Proprietor's, statement." — This majestic heading is immediately followed by the proprietor taking my supposititious case, laid far from Numurkah, and applying it to hiinself. Astonishing, most astonishing. His language applied to me is high toned and " etiquette" :— l6t Phrase—" Unmanly and coarse invective."—Beautiful. 2nd Phrase—" Descend to the lowest depths of degradation."—Charming. 3rd Phrase—"Sinking lower in the slough."— Majestic. 4th Phrase—(In big letters.) "Vanity. Vituperation. Vice." Now had this, and some of the foregoing, emanated from a matured and responsible man they would have been libellous ; but I can only treat them as the ravings of a vicious child. The remark about "covert insult" to his relatives is very far-fetched. Any reflection on their honor could not be discovered even with a telescope. The curious part comes in the last words of the next sentence " Vituperation vice. I now state I bear no malice." O Cajsar's ghost!—And now good night—a fond good night! Sleep gentle creature, sleep. " Citizen."—So my budding little aspirant for legislative honors you've inspired the " Standard " editor to insert a letter to hiinself, retreated to a safe distance, and fired at me from behind a tree. Brave little cock-a-lorum ! Cocky little boy! Come all his brother babbling tattlers; come all ye twittering sparrows, List! When cock sparrow, opens his mouth let no dog bark. He starts in awful tones, " the spirit of the letter will recoil on the writer by holding him up to scorn and contempt." Cocl: sparrow here becomes prophetic, and like a Mahommedan prophet, majestically hurls his vision down the centuries. Rest! troubled spirit rest; and please don't go away. Next sentence he gets the editor to compose, " were such thoughtless persons as he allowed to go unchecked the community might be disastrously affected." So true, ah! so true. I might stop the crops growing, or make the "Standard" brats into sensible men. I can, therefore, only reply " cackle, cackle, flap your wings and crow!" A number of his remarks, such as " coarse and unmanly —brutal terms—diatribe of fish-wife abuse—coarse and vulgar" are taken from the rubbish heap, and only fit to be returned to the rubbish heap. "To meet his youthful adversary on fair public grounds." Whatever that may mean ; but it enables me to fix the identity of the author. Now you little squirt! if you show yonr head from behind that" tree I will, in five minutes, reduce you down into the dream of an atom. The 'sub-leader.—Now for the editor's we." O, all ye cackling hens, surround him, and bow your beaks with solemn mien. He starts " two persons having obtruded themselves upon deputation and having with characteristic insolence ejaculated hear, hear." Oh for a Peacock's laugh to top my own. Electors of Moira! the " Standard " hereby forbids you to listen to a deputation, and say "hear, hear." A great 1 part of the article is taken np with language so abusive that a street arab would say " He's too good." For instance, "contemptible littleness of a man who could descend to degrading scurrility," " persons beneath contempt,'" etc., etc. One can imagine the Colling wood larrikins turning on the editor an admiring gaze and crying " Oh my-1 ain't he bully!" But under cover of this abuse, the "Standard" has ran away from my former charges—that it had attempted to hound down helpless officials ; that it had attacked private citizens ; and that its own statements were proved untrue in its .own columns. Again, the " Standard " presses me on the question, " Whether we were guilty of a gross breach, of etiquette, and an impertinence." To that I have already auswered—the righ£ of a citizen. I will now ask is it." etiquette and- ain impertinence " for two of the .leading officials of the " Standard " to be on nearly every public committee in the town, while these committees give the " Standard " advertisements ? Is it •• etiquette 1 for these " Standard" officials to vote the pfiyipent of the "Standard" accounts ? In the -Shire Council a member is*forbid8en to take work from the Council, and very proper too. 1 This advertising .question reminds-me that t$ie " Standard *' wanted last year from the Triple Reform League £6 for printing f>00 pamphlets, which Mr Robert Tayl got done in Shepparton 'tor £2.' T8i the antagonism'itf'the f^Jfcfindar^^to "the Triple Beform League and to Mr, Taylor was, of course, not caused by that! Of course not. Again the snb-leader says, "Everybody, except the culprits, say our .jejbnke was > .justified." This statement is, withont ajlouhtaj^lo^ untruth.*' Farther, the ^Standard eubleader of 24th May was proved untrue also, one of the deputation who heard the Syder-Crooke conversation says that the " Standard " paragraph was untrue; and Mr T. Richards says the " Standard" s account re Sergeant M'Hugh at -Benalla ' was also untrue. Added to .all this come the attacks made on helpless Government officials, private officials and private citizens. The "Standard.'^ should now be called" " The Nnmurkah Ananias, and surrounding districts Bully."' To the Nnmurkah Leader all hail! and a fair share of- support for its spirited action in breaking down a monopoly, reducing, advertising charges to one half, and relieving the people of this district from the fear of an impudent and scurrilous paper. The man who smashed "etiquette,", and said "hear, hear," 3rd June. J. G. STEWART. [This correspondence must now cease.— ED. LEADER^ 