THE PIRATE TEN: A SALT- WATER ROMANCE. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Golden Hope,' 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck of the Groavenor,' 'The Frozen Pirate,' 'Tho Death Ship.' ' The Good Ship Mohock,' &o.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXV. — (Continued.) Curiosity burnt in the bosoms of all hands. She was the barque Queen that had sailed from Sydney ; her five people forward on the brig's forecastle knew her, swore to her, aud twenty good dramatic reasons, each one a powerful . imaginative yarn well calculated to make a literary reputation, had been invented by the sailors to account for her lyiue wallowing there with the loss of her fore-topgallautmast and flying jibboom. At this hour it was no longer dangerous to move about the brig's deck, and Miss Mausel was seated in a chair secured to the quarter deck capstan, and Commander Boldock stood - - beside lier with his long brass telescope under bis arm. The barque rolled slowly with a stately swing of her lofty spars. She flung_ weti flashes from her gleaming sides and submitted, tho model of a beautiful clipper hull to the charmed eyes of tlie seamen as she buoyantly climbed aslant the now fast lessening heave of sea. Two figures stood upon her poop right aft. Boldock viewed them 'through his glass. 'Seamen apparently,' said he. 'Two only.' ' Her longboat's gone,' said Mr. Matthews. ' She's without a boat of any kind.' After a little the stern of the barque slanted into sight ; the swell hove it, and there, under the counter, in long plain white letters, were the words—' Queen, London.' ' It's 'Arry !' roared Tom on the brig's forecastle. ' It's William !' shouted a second seaman of the Queen. The brig passed slowly under the stern of the barque and rounded to leeward, and whilst this manoeuvre was being carried out by Mr. ' Hardy the following conversation passed : — 'Ho, the barque ahoy!' roared the com mander. ' Hillo, hillo, sir !' answered Harry, with a quick eager flourish of his hand, springing on to tho taffrail to talk, then catching sight e£ Miss Mansel and staring and staring with hands on his knees as though he had been slain in that posture by lightning. ' Are any of the gentry who stole your ship aboard of you still i' shouted Commander Boldock. ' No, sir, thank God,' and some man on the . brig's forecastle laughed. Are you two men alone?' ' All alone, sir,' shrieked Harry. ' How long have you been in this con- dition ?' 'We was rolled off Halloran Island four' - days ago,' cried William in his slow but powerful voice, ' and we've been a washing about ever since looking out for ships.' , Mr. Matthews,' said the commander, 'you had better get your boat over and take your five men and resume possession. Make sail and report her condition, and keep within, hailing distance of me.' It touched the 'spirit and memory of old times in this jolly red-faced gentleman to talk ? thus. It was like convoying. It was like , taking possession of a prize. His wide, crimson face beamed with -cordial enjoyment as Mr. Matthews soberly touching his cap answered, ' Ay, ay, sir.' The Queen's boat was lowered without difficulty over the brig's side. The fiveseamen entered her. Mr. Matthews, bareheaded,' shook hands with Commander Boldock, look ing as he did so at Miss Mansel. The young. \ lady said, 'May I go on board with Mr. Matthews?' 'I. will, with your permission, when this swell slackens, put you on board myself,' an« swered the commander in his lamenting wayl . She bowed and slightly colored; probably , the trifling flush was excited by the expression on Mr. Matthews's face as he turned and walked to the gangway. He got into the boat without difficulty and gaining the ship 6 side , sprang into tho main chains and gained the barque's deck. He ordered the men to hook the boat on and hoist her at once. She w»s now their only boat and incalculably valuable therefore. 'Have they taken the gold?' he said to William, who, with Harry, stood by to receive him. ' Every ounce of it, sir.' ' What have they done with it ?' 'Took it ashore, 'sir.' After a pause, during which emotion worked . briskly in the honeat fellow, he said, 'All right, my lads. Help the others. Til hear your yarn presentlj' ;' and whilst the men . went to work with the boat he entered the , cuddy. He had expected to witness a scene oF dis order— brDken bottles, broken mirrors, broken lamps and panels — illustrations of drink and . a vindication of the enlarged human beast. For a number of days had he sat in the Eocietv of the ten gentlemen and had darkly guessed at their ideas of merriment when . they should be let loose with plenty of wine ' for their heads and well-stocked cabins to sack. And yet but for a few empty champagne . bottles on the deck, a little straw, a wine case '; or two, and a litter of unbroken glass and ? decanters on the table the interior looked as it did in the days of the nimble Trickle*: : Naturally the mate's first thoughts concerned j iiis own 'property and after a wild Btare thift i usually eober- headed man rushed into bis cabin. * 'if** ' v Everything was as it had been when he w*8 turned adrift. He opened a locker with a trembling heart and beheld his desk and lift ing the lid he drew out a leatherbag or j money. He counted the contents. . Whilst lie . counted the men above sang joyouBly at the boat's falls. He counted 10 bank-notes and »J: number of English pounds. ' They have nob /* touched a farthing !' ho said to himself* He, j put away the purse and his face was|swtea:Js with delight. Hard earned, friend MaWheyBpij as you know, is the money that is got by going;; to Bea. His sextant -mm untouched. Brer*; rag and every stick of hia little property had; been spared. ' I- can't Bay after this theyv weren'tgentlemen at root after alL' he thoag&taj; as he stepped forth. Yet he could not beUem that he was awoke whan he recollected how; this beautiful barque had been seised one midJ^ night by ten men, bat not by *ay means un-f; expectedly ; no, he waa bound to think^fcal^ which consideration carried him Meld Bonaon*8' cabin. -=»*.- r.T SbSoaaA the cot gone and eome of tie tools -'? ifrfMwigatiBB Ui«f wand hhcw aui&m;& Ortira mfetfnj^noclBoksd. mueh*s otold. He raenclihto the cabins which had been occu piedSiythe Starts and the other passengers. \- Heiffie 4taid5*rBCe£-jf industry. Portman teamc- bad been opened. The contents of a ?^mpiir ttetongnST *° *&? Storr were scattered 1ipaKliie4o«r^The ten gentlemen seemed to Iffwmnfcil clothes, he thought, and probably ' ,» l&tte; ready money. They were kind to teaaitflifan hiB savings The inspection occupied but a few minutes. Go'mg on deck he f onset tbe boat at the davits and ordered the well to be sounded. There was 'water enough in the hold to demand a Bhorfr spell at the pumps. When he had satisfied himself on the ship's condition he mounted the poop and hailed the brig, which lay -within easy earshot. *? The ship Eeeins all right, sir.' ' Have they taken the gold f shouted Com mander Boldock, getting into his main rigging to talk whilst the rolling of the vessels kept the two gentlemen bow-ing to each other. 'The two men report so, sir.' TBe commander tossed one hand and looked round at Miss ManseL ' Where is it f ' Ashore, sir.' 'Then we must lose no time, Mr. Matthews. 'I wiH send four of my men aboard of you. Make all plain sail upon your ship, but not anore-than'-wOI enafaieTae to keep company/3 Mr. Matthews roared out, ' Ay, ay, sir.' ?Hie commander was addressed by Miss ManseL Ho presently cried, 'Have you been into tiie cabins T ♦'Yes^ air.' 'How is Miss Mangel's V ** I should say bv the looks of it exactly as the left it,' answered Mr. Matthews. Tliis stroke of news appeared to make Com mander Boldock entirely nappy. Miss Mansel waved gratefully to the- ship. Even as it was with Mr. Matthews so was it with lier. Every farthing's worth of her property in this world was in her cabin. She viewed the barque with tife pensive gaze which Mr. Masters had so often admired! Memory arose in. her and her countenance changed again and again as she sought to give mould and substance to that black time when they had throttled her and set her afloat Great God ! Did --y woman ewer- undergo such an experience? She trembled whilst she remembered and looked At the -barque and then her eyes mot Captain Boldodc-s. 'It scarcely seems rational,' said she, fmiling with sudden sweetness, 'that I should rejoice so over the recovery of my poor few reflects — a hat, a dress or two. a- parasoL Oh, dear, Captain Boldock, in the face of the mighty robbery of -gold -too « And yet I dare say,' said she, with her pensive look coming ?381 lier again; drooping-^hw ]ids so that the commander was able once -more to admire tlse length of her eyelashes, ' the loss of the lug gage would lie a greater blow to ine than the loss of the gold to the owners of it.^ Jkridock courteouEJy and cordially assented. ' When do you think I shall be abJe to go onboard?1 'To-morrow, I hope.' 'Not before ':' she exdaiined with a start and a blush, looking round at the sun that wae now hanging low nor'-west. ths .swell roll ing in Wood under him and the sky filled with a thousand scarlet clouds of effulgence. ' I hops yo»i are not in a very greftfc hurry to leave the brig, Miss Mansel V said tlie com mander. 'I should l»e shockingly ungrateful if I was,' she answej-ed. The commander said no more and seemed intent upon \vLat was doing in the barque. Six- men had gone across to the ' Queen:j in one of the brig's motherly quarter-boats. Two liad i«turned and' the boat was hoisted a»d Mr, Matthews was now with a good working crew, eleven men in a word, sf \yhom one was the brig's boatswain to serve him as a mate. They made sail quickly, but the ship wanted symmetry. She could no longer glow iu lieauty to the evening sun. A star was tremb ling in the east, albeit the west was still red with light when the two vessels began to wove. ' I'll hang a lantern at my gaff-end,' shouted the comniauder to Matthews, 'and you will follow in my wake a_ud be careful not to run mo down. 'Let a bright lookout be kept and Jiang a riding- light eomewhere forward where we may easily see it.' This being said, the commander offering Miss Maiiscl bis hand conducted her into the cabin to tea, The tea-things had been set by a sailor, who was gone. The naval officer and the young lady were alone, iliss Mansel removed her canvas cap and sat down upon a looker in front of a sea-going, battered teapot tliat had once l-een a very pretty shining thing-, and pourod out two cups of black tea, one of which she banded to the coujniander, who, as they had no milk in the brig, used a little brandy in stead. Tlse dark table, a-gleam with wear, was furnished with marmalade, biscuits, and potted shrimps, of which Miss Mansel and the com mander partook. 'Our meeting wiih the barque is the most extraordinary encounter in the history of the world,' said Boldock. ''But though she had ten times the value of the stolen gold safely atowed away in her now, I should still regret our having fallen in with her.' 'But why?' enquired Miss ZVfaast'l archly, her eyes catching the hectic of sunset lingering ujkhj the skylight said dying the flashes of the swinging lamp, looked unusually bright and vivacious. ' Is she not going to remove you from tin's biigV' said Uie commander tenderly, but with the tenderness that breathes iu the luwhii; of a. calf. The young lady did not swm to hear. ' Miss Miinscl— but rathei' l(:t me «.«ill you Margaret,' w-id Boldock, taking hold of his ?;oat with both Lauds as from some halfcon scious desire to gird himself tightly for a business that was growing heroic. *'lTm :? plain sailor, not used to 'bouting ship wliwi t)ie wind's fair. I tiiink I can .see .1 fair v, inri in your eyes, Margaret, or I give you u--y word «jf honor as a gentleman that 1 should not be troubling you with this speech. I am iu Io\\-e with you/' ** Oh, Captain Boldoek '.'' ' I am ill love with you,' repeated Buldock, ri&ing; and sliding along tlie loukw t-j her -:ide. ' You are the first woman who has «v»_»r vugaged my affections. I am not a rich man, but I can support a, wife ashore by going afloat, and 1 a«?k you to be my wifo when, i5od being willing:, the two ships after this «2Xlxaardiiifu-y traverse siiall have brought nji in Sydney Bay, where the bra-.que's bound to return for repait-s aud men.' The young lady did not asiswvr. She slightly tremWcd wht-n Boldock put his full arm round her waist. Yet this proposal was not unexpocLtid. l'or some tin** she had known that l;e admired her and sho was per fectly sensible of the abundant attentions lie bad paid her. He was a hearty rough, soa man,*but an officer in the Queen's Navy and a gentleman, and the spirit of kindni'ss ami good nature dv.-olt iu his wide i-ed fac-o. 'You see, Margaret,' said he, 'that when y«u go 011 board the ship we shall be separated. I must keep to this , eonnn.tiid. Had weathc-r may blow us asunder. Xothing impossible at sea. Therefoi-e, before 1 take yw.i on board I want you to say that you will tw my wife on our return to Sydney. Will you, my dear Margaret ? It wants but very little consideration — will you''' His natural slid characteristic lamenting voice .-oiindtfl with fine effect in this passage. ' F have often said that if ever I chose a liiisliand it should be a sailor,7' uiurnrured Miss Mansel, keeping her head hung. 'But I «:«. s sailor,7' said the commander. 'I know you are,' she answered, beginning to !as-^h. I wish, thought the commander, who kept a hold of her waist, that she would shift her hi^m and head on a straight course. It's a fair wind. ISverytliing's all tlear, tho road buoyed, the very pilot aboard. He dixr.v him self a little away so as to obtain a good view of lier eyca. and putting bis hand under her chin he mised her laughing face. _\ow, tell rue. my dear, tliat yon will oe my \- wife.' said ho, **and then I will give you a kiss.'' 'Can I speak to you a moment, sir':* .sung down the voicv* of ilr. Hardy in tlie hatch. 'What's the matter';' roared the com mander, entiivly letting pro of Miss Msnsel wiiHii he caught sight of Hardy's shoes and a .vroond later of Hardy's leering eyes on the ladder. 'The mate of the- barque's hailed to know witetltor yon v.o;;kJ like one of tha t*vo men to be sent aJjoarc! \;-ith the full yarn of the gold ?.'.nil how the bnvnv.e dragged and was blown Tlie mc-HK'raliI«' exclamation of old Mr. SiiKJidy ros'.-inio thocoinmandei-'s heaci. He v.-.is inapasV'on at riio interruption and said, 'Xo, ,--ir. inform that ox-faced mate that 1 can wait. T'.'ll him tn k«.T-]» :\ lirigiit lookout alxx'trd hi. barque- fur t lie lonarboftT, as it:s not impubsible ' that the fellow* v.iil put off in her fr:«u the ifland.'1 Th'.-n. sjftoiiinc his voivw. he ex ?;3aimed, ' Ho-.v'.^ her head, Hardy ': : and tiien :iild»rd, '' W--!J, kfsjj evi-rr/thing j;il(-u upon l:tr aswl sees that tho viuvp asttm don't run the old bucket *.lov. :i.'' Tile sh^ies v.-jth thfir lyjv-s diFaiijje.iiv-d and rhi? ' co'.Tunar.dvr iv:n'.dres?sitl himself to his ?»-V:aiU-,g Ris!- with, it m*.ist be admitted, a .slight f;!.-uie.-e :it a 'loo.ir.r -r m' i-iinionar s?wir!p; way, as tiif-usfh r. little '-frpsliintnt just at this time would u-' ir.tliK-r l-i.-Ipful. 1I-- riided on the looker ---n'.-i- more to the young lady's side :wid again p'it in* :ma round her waist. Her fsco was br:j?i;t red. al«\a=t as red :is hi?, but .she Jook«l pieasv-vi and hnp})y. 'Ytm'll sive mo y-.tw answer now, Mar gavfit ':' sa:-l h'-. ' Yon knov/ n-jthing about me. Captain JJo3dock,'; .uhe ;itis*vw-j; ' Y'i;j v.ii'ors ,ir-? so reckless. How do yon Imovr that T. shall make a good wife 'i llcw elo you know that I 'have not' relations who inight be a disgrace to yon?' 'Nonsense, my darling!' Limeaited tlie commander. ' 1 know as much of you as TOa^feiowof jnc?, andso the yards are. square1 between' us in that way, anyhow. Xow, my dear; Fra waiting', foe Fm longinc'' He projected hia Unsr into tfiat sort of, dispc which the laoutJIusxally takes w1k-h it j saluteethe crow or cheek of another. Itaif laiighing andifcjr-orjTUg and* rosy red the girl' Mfiher-hoad agaiiist as honest and warm a heart as ever beat in man's breast. 'I will be your wife,' she said, and Boldock instantly kitted her. Chapter XXVI.— The Seamex'S'Stoto. The night passed quietly. It was a bright moonlight night and the vessels, clothed in cold splendor, Boated one in the wake of the other like two icebergs over that desolate breast of breathing waters. In the morning it was very fine and the heave of the sea almost gone, and when Commander Boldock went on deck be found the barque within pistol shot of. his quarter. He hailed her and Mr. Matthews, jumping into the main rigging aud leaning oS the shrouds with one hand on a ratline, made answer. 'Will vou do me the kindness,' shouted Boldock, ' to back your topsail and send your boat foK the lady aud me, as I propose to do myself the pleasure io breakfast with you V Forthwith the necessary manoeuvres were executed and Commander Boldoek and his betrothed were transferred to the barque. The boat was then booked on, the yards swung, and the vessels proceeded on their course. 'After Miss Manscl had been supported over the side she hid her face and cried for some moments vehemently. The horror of recol leotion wae too great* Her heart' was-broken down by it. Mr. Matthews arched his eye brows and sent a dry look at Trivett,^the boatswain of the brig, . when the commander began to soothe the young- lady. William and Harry came a little distance alocaf the deck and stared. ' She was overboard and was drowned,' said the Dane, 'and, by my kuifc, there she is !' 'There's people,' growled William, whose fa^e was stupid with surprise and superstition and divers forecastle emotions as he surveyed the girl wiiilet she stood weeping a minute iu the gangway, *' as can't ge.t drovmded. My graiidiatuer* knew a Dutchman who was always a-falliug overboard' from vessels he longed to when in dock. They'd hear the splash, sing out.to fetch the drags, andarter an hourortn-oofsiveepingandcreepiiJgup'udconie that blistered Dutchman, quite unconscious, of course, but with so much of life in him that arter he was rubbed and dried his first words was always, 'Auoderhalf pint.'' 'Good T'said little Harry, grinning with all his teeth. 'Fll tell you what. I have seen a ghost. By Peter, she is a fine pirl. Look how she stands up at the side of that old cock with the red steak face?. By Peter ! There was business to be done there. Observe me, Bill Yonder's a spiic-iug job.' Miss Hansel, drying her tears with one hand, tlie other Jieing elapsed by the coni mauder, was conducted by her sweetheart and Mr. Matthews iuto the cuddy. She then broke away and vanished in her cabin. 'A very lisndsome little interior,' said the commender, straddling at the foot of the teb'e, his bauds .behind him, and turning his crimson face about in admiration as though he was in a picture-gallery;. '' 1 hoj)e you. found your effects intact, sir ':' ' Intact to a shilling, I am happy to say,'' said Mr. Matthews. ' Very airy and cheerful after the cabin of the brig.''' said Baldock, breathing deep. ''Any damage':' . 'They pillaged some of the passengers' cabins, but you'll find Miss ?.i:;nsel hasn't suffered. They had done their worst with her. They'd do no move/' ' The bur- luddy villains 1' exclaimed the commander, making the fieiite.in.-e tremendous by force of emplissis and siownera of delivery. 'Those two nien,:- continued the mate, 'tell a queer yarn of the fellows' doings at the island. Will you have them aft at oiice or wait till after breakfast ':' ' We'll breakfast first,' said the com mander, who was exceedingly lumgry. ''I siu one of those unfortunate people who can't shift without ballast/' They made the rounds of the cabins. The commander found much to say on v/hat lie be held. The main hatehcovers were liitju lifted attd the.-}' entered the hold, where for some time on their knees and hands they remained viewing the wreck of the massive casing in which the gold had been stored. Whe:i they returned on deck a very good sea-breakfast had been served by a Jack of the brig-, one of those useful seamen who can cook and wait as well as hand and steer. As tiie commander and his companion en tftred the cuddy the door of 3Iiss Mausel's cabin was opened and the young lady made hji appearance. Boldoek started. ilo could : hardly credit his sight. He had hcvn so i;-:ed ] 10 see Miss Mansel in hei- dressing- gown that : now tliat she waa prettily dressed in serge ? trimmed as gaily as a- yachting costume lie scarcely recognised her. Sh' had put on a hat, i a charming1 hat witlt :lh ostrich feather eoik-d round it. The geutlem-.-n ro^urs had left her ! cabin untouched. All her toik-s convonieaoes ; remained, and s!w hud wed thtsn to : her inexpressible refreshment and 10 t!if dis tinct improvement of her r.-lm-ms. Ho there stood before the commander a v.oll -dressed, well-shaped, young lady with fine d:ivk pensivt; eyes and blushing chveks and wliita t- oth showing: as sho smile:], an.'I .she w;is to hi: his i wifo. Good heavens ! hi' ej;icu!:iti-d in the : impulse of his winji-iso and delight. He I took iienliand, and raising it to liis 1'jjs kitscd it v.-ith admirable caurt'-.-y. then iutr-sduccd her to Mr. Mjittiiev/s as ii;.-- lii- trotiii-eL ''I had thought .is rer.cii, :jii\' .^a;«l tl:o n\pif ? with one of th«M» dry nervous Miiilns whi'-h twist the mouth towards the cljt-wk. '' 1 I heartily congratulato yo-.i b.-ith.:' and ho bo-.vod . ? with thi1 grace of a bailor Ending :it the handle ; of a pump. j No more was said on tho subject, and t.hr-y ? sat down to breakfast. The talk iia.tiira.iiy ; concenieH tiio robhuy, tho proceed) rips of tiie ! thieves, the chann'-s of capviiniig t!i:-in and ro ? oaii'iin^ t!:(-g«ld. 'I mast have those nuggets, Margaret,''5 'Boldock said; with his immense face full of life and hope. 'The salvage award shall mount into hundreds. It shall buy us a home and furnish it too, and tiiere should be a very good balance for the sijree that's called ashore tbe honeymoon. Your share, I hope, Mr. Matthews, will enable you to give up the sea.' The poor man rolled up his eyes with au expression of devotion. This, where they were sitting, had been the theatre of the great ocean theft Yonder was the cabin out of wbicli they had dragged Miss Mansel. Yonder was the cabin in which the mate had been aroused to learn that the ship was seized. 'How could old Benson have been such a foo! as to let it happen i' said the commander. 'Was not the robbery of the arms chost hint enough? Within an hour of that robbery I'd have nad the whole of those fellows iu irons and chance the issue.' But Mr. Matthews shook his- head, and, in deed, if the commander had been in charge of the ljarque it. is extremely probable that lie would have allowed the ten gentlemen to work their will as Benson had and for IBenson's reasons. They went on the poop. It was a beautiful warm sunny morning. The ocean undulatod in long blue flashes of light from line to line, and a pleasant breeze was blowing, the speed of the two vessels being about five knots. The brig was rolling. away out. on the bow, and when the commander saw her his head rolled too in contemptuous sympathy. 'The ran and lines of a pudding-dish, ' he mused. 'She is fit to bo a collier aud slie brings all Sunder land into tin's beautiful scene. Suppose now,' said he to I\Ir. Matthews, '' you call the two men aft.' The sim did not yet render an awning neces sary. The young lady was shaded by lier parasol, and siie sat next to the commander, and Matthews stood beside them, whilst William and Harry the Dane in respectful sea poslures related their yarn. William began. 'The day afore we made the island I snowed tlie gents Low to get the anchors over the bows. 3fext elay we made the land. There was a whole swamp of jaw ing ; every man had his own opinion. I could sec that him they called Trollopc was no longer to boss tlie job, though I allowed lie was the best of the gang, the propercst to head that there tidy little procession.' 'Was he?' hissed Hairy, softly and fiercely. ' One at a. time, and William now jockeys the yard-arm,' said the commander. ' They agreed to sail close in to the island and go ashore in the longboat aud take a look around them,' continued William. 'They had no confidence in one another, and they must all go together or remain tocetlier, and wherever the gold was there they a.11 must blooming- well be, begging pardon,1' said the .man, touching his forehead in his slow, merchant service way. 'They sailed in till they got seventeen fadom, then all the sails were ftiried aud the anchor let go. There was nine of ;eni.' ' Nine !' exclaimed Miss Mausel. ' I forgot to.mmition,' said Mr. Matthews, ** there had been a duel.' ' Who fought':'1 asked the girl. 'Mr. Masters and Mr. Caldwell,'' answered William. '' Caldwcll shot Masters through the heart, this man tells me,' said r.iio mate, 'and the body was i'ung ovorboavd.' ' May they all serve each other so !' ex claimed the commander with a pious motion of his eyeballs. Miss Mansel was looking away to sea. She so held her paratol that Boldoek could not have seen her just; then had he wanted to look at her. She was blushing, and yet her face wore a slight look of distress. But before Boldock could bid William proceed she had rallied and the parasol waiPiu its former place. 'They got the boat over in the afternoon and the nine gents went ashore in hei',' said William. 'They nwe nrnied. I -seed some of them ir.spectinp their revolvers vhon tlu-y was in tiie boat. Before they put off Davenire. the big chap with the silver chain, step3 up to me and 'Any 'ore aud *ays — 'We're froing to leave you in charge of the ship, and we have confidence in yon. It yon ?phould attempt to play false by ? ' aud hero he swore an oath long :« a bowline all about the Eternal, and so help him,': said Willir.ia, looking with his slow gaze into the com mander's wide expanse of countenance, ''we'll secure the pair of you to that mast there and blow your hum hum brains out !: :J 'So! That was their language. Quite like old times,' exclaimed the commander. 'Fire av/av !'' ''.When [they was gon-?,'' bepran Harry. v.Iio had br-eu moving impat'onily on rithci k-g, darting frequent locks at Miss Manuel with that sort of smirking self-satisfied air which a ct'i-tain type of CoUCt-iied sailor.-- --vi-I put on in tho prrsr-r.c-e of v.ovutii, thouph tl'.cy should be ladies !u:ut-higii above their eo:vji tlon. '' I said one at a thno.' ilar.iuered Boldoei.-. Harry's jiw lVll. William went on aiu-y n ltisuvely look around tho horizon, as though lie scanned tJm swi for tiiouglit and words. ''When wo was jtft alone :Ai-ry here was fcr slij5piiiT. 'Yes,' I says, bays f, 'and git our ln- iius blov.-ed out.' He says, 'They'll think the uhniu parted. What do they know about cables:' Weil, it wasn't done. This 'oi-o Httie 'Airy lin-d been already knocked about tii.1 he was nigh killed by that there Trollope.'' Tiie Dane, iu an agony of impatience and I ioicillcction, struck his hip a sla2- that sound'.-d liko the report of a pistol. ' .-VXior they'd been 011 the island a couple of liours they puts off and coinus aboard again.' '' Did tlity beach the boat?' said the coni mandcr. 'Thtnj's a sortfr natural harbor on the soiitli side of e)ic island, and the boat lay there in charge of one man whilst' the rest was ashore.' 'Well,' said Boldock, 'Sbove ahead! You're confoundedly long-- winded.' 'It's I can be quick,' yelped the Dane, snapping his fingers. 'Keel it out, then, reel it out!' cried tho commander. Tho Bane began to talk very fast, and Miss Manse! fell a-laughing. (To be continued.) 