tavirnordlnarà' tHvore« «foiirt ? _»e tn -yttacy. -1 CLARKE V. CLARKE.'' MR:*EÂ_)TON -(instructed by Messrs. Wlii and Wolsteu holme) uppenred for tl ..petitioner,.. Annie Clarke, of Dulwich Hi who suught to obtain a divorce from her hu i hand, James Oilirke, H miuister of the Chu ri ' of Kiiujlaii- at-Kogarah, on the giound. th; he.hud repeatedly during one year preuioi I to the tilijuf ¡-of the petition assaulted ai ; cruel ly "beá'tén the- petitionèr. The respo den t-appeared in. pet son. ; -. Auniei Clarke, the petitioner, said she wi ' tnairied to .thé respondent on February 2 189T4/1 cThey 'went to live at Kogarah. SI : chaYged'"her husband with being cruel ari , unlciud^to ber.-;:In April inst respondei ; hypnotised her. ¡She was sitting down. E I stared at ..her, placed . his hands over hi ; «ye«, «rid she went'off. tie did this al mo i daily.- -'?luJuly he threatened to beat her j she did not.du all: that he wanted her to di ' Subsequently be culled her ad-fool, un j shook her by, the shoulders for allowing tl ; horse and .luiggy tibe WHS driving to.get int .; the gutter." Ou September 3[he took her t i -Hornsby¿?¡'Ho told her t hat in her uinsiuori i sleep «he had told him there WHS money con ling to hiiu, and she, was to take him to th Í place where it- was concealed. When the got^to" the bush be 'mesmeiised her, ¡ind Ix I cause-she did ubt take him to the'right plac j he struck her'on the face. On the eveniti ; of Qctober; 14 he .took her . to. her bed roon i They occupied'' separate rooms. He sai j " Good-night,1' and left. Shortly afterward I uhe^beardl the door of her sister's bedroori ': open (her sister-was then staying with lier) j and went to se«; what was the matter. Thor ! was no light in the room, and she saw he (husband sitting on lier sister's lied in hi \ pyja'uTaH. He'r sinter was iii bed. Witues {screamed and respondent struck her. Thei ¡ho took<her sguin'to her bedroom ¿nil shoot |her,"áñd said she WHS " a little silly." Twi ¡day« later lie kicked her. On another oe icasion ha .took ber to the study and put he jin a trance. " She felt too tit ed aud came to -Keitpoiident then said he would tear he tongue out by tho root« if she did not go of -again.--At another time he took her to tin bathroom, stripped her, laid her in the bath and threw a bucket of cold water over her He kept her there for some time, then al lowed her to dress, and afterwards went inte her bedroom, emptied her draws, and'struck her with one of them, causing her head tc ?-ell. tine was afraid to.expostulate with res pon d«iit, as she" was in-terror of him. Aftei taking.har from the bathroom, he locked het in\the bedroom, und she hud nothing to eat neither Dinner nor .tea. She was too fright ehed\to- try and get out of the room. Sh* did 'not go to bed that night. . The next morning he opened the door to let the girl (who arrived in course of the afternoon while 'she was locked up) bunging her a cup of tea. "She did not want it, but he commanded bet to drink it. Without making any explana tion bu again locked her in. About 2 o'clock inj the afternoon he. returned and pulled her hair¡violently, some of it coming out by the roots, i (What .else; transpired witness de scribed on a slip'of paper, which was handed to-his Honor, and. then to Mr. Ralston and "Mr. ...Clarke.) 'Witness was subsequently allowed, but of the room. " Shortly afterwards respondent ordered the servant to leave the house, explaining to witness that she.stole. '--At. 7.30 in the «vening li« put her off in a meaiherio sleep, and she did not wake until v«ft»£jj^.. When she did awake she was lying on' ' the ' floor of the dining- rooui, with the respondent' standing over her holding a weight from tho chandelier. She found her self bruised about the head and body, two wounds- like big cuts-on her thighs, bleed ing profusely. She'upbraided him, but ho said Nh« hud don« it hei's«lf. He thou tore her clothes 'oft' and took lier out in a nude state into a paddock adjoining the house. He made^ier toll on the giound for about 150 yaj'dHÏah'd íKickéd;'.'her,'whén;Jie¿thought she diS not ^go fant enough. ^He threatened to split her" iii pieces if . she'screamed: - With, the cuts'alreiidy 'oiVher*' body" the' foiling pained her greatly. Respondent left her, saying sh« wus ' to knock if . she wanted to come in. WIIDII .she again entered the house he struck lier on the' hack with'the edge'of a carving knife. The niark of the.wound was ou her Imcklistill..,'-He then locked .ljer in the servant girl's bedroom, saying she was to sl«ep there^that night. She was still-.with out crôtTuçg,'\\\bu^ i-alló.w her to*ïmve any", not ev$n her " sleeping, 'garments. The next day, '%Saturday, \the 20th, he kept her ia the bedrooms, utitil 12 o'clock without her clothing, whèu.hesaid that she should come out »nd.put on a,dress, but he took a number of her èthof'*clpthes. .and burnt them. She tieft /the. house, "with friends whilst ber husband'-was*at church.' Her husband used to. take whisky in his-tea in the Hfwrp'ooñr-S.v^Iít'used, to "take¡. 'a/good deal of effeoY tjpön 'Jiim'Cwhen ho. did" take liquor, Hnd-make hnn"'dazèd and'stupid. On the 10th September.he.wás.quite, intoxicated. CroBS-éxamined- hy respondent, ^petitioner, said thatVBhei-.woke\\.her. husband :.up: one night saying. thiitT*she had seen a woman's spirit iir the^rooib'; pointing at'thë bed. She had not constantly seen .spirits since. She did. not beliey«J..lmt,aJ^ cemetery in.her sleep, and that he fetched her home at 12 o'clock at night. . She did not say-that she saw-the spirit-of a beautiful girl there who--.told- her-to.come.-She..did. ¡not believe that she ever walked in.her sleep, ^although ' ohé'' timé; when ßhe-awoke, she; 3ouud herself trying to open' the look of the Ibedroom door.. She had never, said that she Swished to,commit suicide. . She remembered Awaking one morning, and. finding a needle, Sitiick in her Bible, in a, verse in Exodus, v'.' Thou shalt not kill." > She: had never said that she saw u beautiful girl.who. wanted her. ' to commit suicide. If she; did say., so; sh o could not have been . conscious,_She. must; 'have been hypnotised: /Petitioner said that sh« remembered ' respondent'Haying 'that he did not want the gold theyieipected to find at Hornsby' for himself; but . to ' pay : off a church debt. riShe did not find gold at Hornsby^} there were only stones there. It -Was alluvial gold that BIIO had skid in her trance could be found at Hornsby, If she had at times refused food it; was because he ^ád scolded her about the dirty statéïof the house. -Respondent urged her- to eat, j abd; And laughed and; said it was silly to refuse fiiou wore than once. She remembered being under the hallucination that'«he saw apiri jn.ihejchurch,,_and thet^pondept- telling hi that lie could not tee anything, and. that th« were no relations ol his, Jiut might be of her She also recollected respondent . striking light on the occasion of the alleged visitatioi anil -being nnahle to see anything. Witnei then, said 3h.e could still seje thein: . She r collected one evening early »ii Juriewlii 'sitting at'teSTwith her sister and others heal ing a chair creak, and faricyiug she saw apectral visitant aitting^on the chair, and wi neus saying so to those who ¡were present. Dr. Ohenhall, medical practitioner,- reai< ing.at Marrickville;-said that, when hewe called tb sea-petitioner;- he found her lyin in hed, and she appeared unconscious of he surroundings. It seemed ini|ioRsible for he mother to make her understand that witnei had called to see her'professionally. H asked her several simple {questions-.he name, for instance-and she made. no replj He found her in a.,very weak, state ; ht pulse was feeble ' iind" Buttering, .and hu hreathiug heavy and'laboured.; He found wound on the right thighj 4in.r above th knee ; it was coyered.by a~ strap, and was H inch and three-qiiartersjn length; «¡Id a littl more than half an inch deep at .its deepes point. There were 'also a nuniheij of; cor tinuous scratches, some of tlienf from Sin. t 6in. in length. , .The.wound mu?t have bee produced by some sharp instrument, and had in his opinion, been ..inflicted ¡two lor thre days before.' There wai also a j bruise on th left cheek and on the outside of the left breast Her most marked condition .vas mental prc» tration, the result of some shocJc.'i( 1 \, Amelia Ann Annesloy, the mother;of th petitioner, said that a month after he daughter returned from her; honeymoon which waa spout in New Zealand, -Mr. um Mrs. Clark came to witness's lieuse..:.'. Wit noss objected to th« respondent 'pouring whisky into his wife's gi «sn of tonic-wator She also objected, to respondent putting Iii; wife into hypnotic sleeps, which" he "did bj staring at her and holding his arm put in i stiff manner. Respondent objected.to. wit ness visiting her daughter, and would.not permit her to speak to her nxae-pt-Jn hil presence. Before her marriage the peti tinner never walked in her sleep; nor saw visions, and she had not done! so since (tlx left her husband's house. She took bei daughter home. Cross-examined by the respondent, witnesi denied that she ever interfered'with pet! tioner's-household duties. j '_' .., Jessie Annesley said that she: was the pe titioner's sister. ? Sh« often stayed itt theil house. On one occasion she save responden! strike her Bister with a stick,, and she had frequently heard him scold her. Aftei scolding her he used to tell her that it was II wife's duty to obey her husband iii every thing. He always treated his wife as though she was » servant. Witness hud.repeatedly seen respondent hynotise his wife. Sba fre quently did. not want him to do 80, but he would do it. On one occasion he .hypno tised her and -made-her walk out.into the cemetery. On the 14th : October witness was staying at their, house. . She had retired, and had just gone to- sleep when she was awakened _by respondent entering! her room. He went to lie down beside her. She told him to leave the rooiir at çnce. When peti tioner heard : respondent in the roora she caine over to.it. She 'screamed and said that she would go home to her mother at once. On the 17th of the same, month re spondent locked petitioner < in her bedroom. He then behaved in an unbecoming manner to witness. The next morning witness went to speak to her sister, when ; respondent hypnotised her, so that witness'could'not converse with her. Witness hud never known her sister walk in her sleep .nor see visions. ... : . The respondent then went into: the box. He «aid that after his marriage, and on their return home after the honeymoon, his wife suddenly aroused him one night and said she hud seen.a woman in the room with long 'dark liaiii. j'Clio. tone in which his wife spoke was one calculated to fill a person with' à' creeping feeling. He ; asked her whee, and she said that the figure appeared on her side of the bed. Ho said to.her, "That is "only fancy; shut your eyes." When ho asked if it was still there sho said '.'Yes'." Ho lighted the gas; but she.still saw the form "looking at her. In about 20 minutos it faded: away. In the morning his wife looked ill and worn, and he told her to come into tho «tildy, where he had a number of letters . to. Avrite/ He placed., h er in a large easy chair and went on with his writ ing, speaking to her now and then. By" and by' his - attention was ut traded to his wife, who wai'in a sort of trance condition. : Mn answer to his questions she said'that she VasMn the spirit world. That was the fii'85 he knew with regard to what was 'culled hypnotism. Then he discovered that lie had this mesmeric power or control over her',' hut he had never hud it with regard-to anyoné else. He found that his wife would go off into a trance at his will, and sometimes, not always, he found- her 'In that condition yoi un tari! y without interference at all, and oc casionally 'she 'used'"to go off before other people; -In tlie.early part of April' the peti tioner took to sleep, walking. Whether Bhe did so before marriage or not he could not 'say, but he knew.ifronf experience'that she did..it afterwards. ~ Oin one occasion peti tioner said that she saw a woman leading a child-by the hand. -She was- very frightened, and -he lighted the gas and- told her it was only fancy. - Petitioner said that she saw the spirit.fluttei'iiig'through the clojsad venetian shutters. That was the way,.she said, that 'spirits . always came, and? went.. The first' time' the petitioner Walked in her sleep was about a week after she first saw the spirit. She went out into the ceiueteryjin her sleep ing garni'ents"1 :' only, and ¡sat'" on a tombstone for ? a-long while. : He found her there and spoke to her. She said that a .beautiful girl was speaking to her, arid had counselled.her to destroy herself. ' She had boen reading in-the paper a fewj days , before, about some young married lady who had com mitted silicide at Enmore. He book his wife home, and in the morning she know nothing at all about it. . Frequently from that time petitioner walked in her sleep. His only reason for locking her in her room was for her own safety and protection. They lived only a short distance from the railway'station, and trains were continually- passing'' backwards and forwards. ? When petitioner wasina hypnotic condition she used to tell him whore «be bact- bèeif and what ahe hád'beeri dbin daring her sleepwalking and what had ha( pened.:: With regard to housekeeping hi wife's untidy habits had caused him pair Petitioner bad'a habit'of sulking whenevp she was spoken to. Nothing irritated hil more than this, and he had implored he with tears in his eyes not tu sulk. Uis wif knew that he had a great deal of troubl about a sum of: ¿500 for which he wa responsible in connection with a church a Rockdale. He had - been charged witi insanity, but if there were any mental abel rations he did not recollect them. He ba no recollection whatever of doing the enif things with which he had been charged What with the worry he had over churo matters and wurry about his wife going awaj be was perhaps a little more worried thai usual ; but he never, consciously nor willing ly, injured his wife in any way. He hui «nly given his wife one hath in his life. Ul the night of tha 19th October, just before Iv retired, he thought he beard the side. doo open, anti went outside to see what was th matter, and found his , wife in the paddocl without anything on. .When she got inti thèse trances she wanted to nish outsid. without her clothes on, as she said that tin spirits were calling her.- ; This was when .stu went into the trances herself without beinj hypnotised. - Before he got to her she ap peared to be rolling in the paddock, and hi had great difficulty in ; getting her: inside When he did so he put her into the firs room that he came to which was the servant'i room. On the following morning he fou nc that she was u little bruised. He did no: open the.door, of the house to his mother-ir law when she caine, as his wifo was nervom and hysterical because of 'thu previous night, and. he wished to avoid a scene. When h( gave his wife a warm bath he simply pouret a bucket of cold water over her to prevent hei taking cold. That evening Dr. Buckle called but his wife declined to soe him. Respecting his wife's fancies about'xeeing apirits, walk ing in her aleep, and losing her identity,. h< remembered. remarking; to Jessie Annesley that it would lie easy tojiiake people believe that she was insane, and she ugreed with.him that it would be easy for him to put his wife in. the ii «yin in ; but ho would never do any thing of the kind. Oil the Sunday petitioner's sinter and a gentleman named Douse came tc the house. His wife did not WÍBII to see him, Air. Douse went with him, to the church, but when respondent got. into the pulpit he saw that Mr, Douse was not in the church. When he returned to hiB house he found that his wife had. been taken away. He re ported the ciicuinstaiices' to two policemen who were present. The; back door of the house hud been forced in. Respondent recited a number of grievance*, und said that he hud never behaved iu an ungentlemanly or indelicate way tn his wife's sister. He hud never treated her otherwise than u brother should treat a sister. Cross-examined by Mr. Ralston, the respondent denied certain' allegations made with respect to his conduct ut an hotel. Annie Edwards, teacher in the public school at Hurstville, said that she had visited tlie respondent's house, and heard his wife say that she hud seen ghosts. Edith Fletcher, also a teacher in the public school at Hurstville, stateditlmt the petitioner had said that she had seen:spirits. The respondent commenced his address to the Court. He said that the issue in th« case, was cruelty, the charges being that he had starved his wife for . three days, that he had locked her up from .the 17th to the 21st October, and also that he heat her from time to time. To these charges he gave a Btrict denial. His wife was of a sulky dis position, and when shei was'siilkingshe would refuse.food. During the three days hu waa charged with starving her thor« was a ser vant in the house one day and her sister was there another day. He had not assaulted or beuten her. . The cuts and scratches upon her were caused by herself when suffering from hysterics. If lie had continually been cruel to her, why did she not complain befoie 1 She'had admitted to him in a lectW that she did not willingly leave him; but that she was taken away by her mother and sister. A ppar ently he had committed a crime in turning the key against his mother-in-law . but he did. this to prevent a scene. After this they attempted to say that he was insane. But since his wife had left, he hud done all the housework, attended to his parish, aud been .been his own lawyer tis well. If this was not I proof that that ho was sane; he did not kno.w what more proof could be required. He had always1 treated his wife with kindness, and 'had never scolded her unless she was in the wrong. -When he gave lier a warm bath he poured cold water over her to cure tho hys teria^ . When He locked his; wife up it was to prevent her injuring herself; When his wife was ill he had been most ' tender and most kind to her. His wife hud developed.peculiar tendencies,'and appeared to be bent, on her own ' destruction, although : she had denied this in the witness-box. She walked in her sleep, went into trances, and lost her own identity.' lu return for his ..cam of her he had been sent to ah asylum. No one who had been unufflicted with mental trouble coulcl have the faintest idea of what a-man's feelings were when he was declared to be out of his mind, and had to undergo all the horrors of confinement in un asylum. He contended that he had done' everything that a kind mid loving husband could do,to make his wife happy. He WUB a plain man, seek ing justice ina plain way, and although he had been searched three successive days when coming into the court nothing:had been found on him, and he had ¡no intention of injuring anyone. (The respondent was very pathetic when delivering some portions of his address, and occasionally spoke with great emotion, and had considerable difficulty in 'suppressing his feelings.) His Honor, ut the conclusion of tho re spondent's address, said that he would not conclude the case without having Dr. Buck nell in attendance if the respondent wished to examine him, and for this purpose he ad journed the further hearing until the after noon. When the case was called on again at 3 o'clock, Dr. Bucknel! stated that he had heen called by respondent to attend the petitioner whilst they were living at- Kogarah. Re spondent showed him into a ¡ room and asked him to stay for a few moments, He then returned and said to witness, "You can see ruy -wife "now, she.is asleep.". Witness wei into the. study sad saw, .the petitioner sittii iu the chair. She was smiling, and bsd bi eyes opea. Respondent said, " Go to sleep Petitioner shut ber eyes, but was smiling a the time. Respondent asked her where si felt any pain, and she said in her head. R spondent asked her what caused it. and sh said it was a lump nuder the brain. Wi ness and respondent walked into anotlx room. Respondent asked him what li thought of his wife, and witness replied tht he thought she was " foxing." By that h meant that petitioner was playing with then He did not think that petitioner was the in a hypnotic state. He saw petitioner af tei wards, and thinking she was suffering froi neuralgia prescribed for her. On one occi sipu respondent said that he was going t be crucified in J erusalem, and that Mn Clarke was to be crucified on one side of bil and Miss Annesley on the other, [Respor dent : " I never said so."] The Respondent examined the witness n great length with regard to details, and als cross-examined him. His Honor told the respondent on severe occasions not to make speeches, and to allov the witness to give his evidence in the ord»: ary manner. Finally, his Honor, addressin the respondent! said :-" I warn you that wiill send you tô gaol, until Monday week i you do not conduct your case properly. ' - Cross-examined by Mr. Ralston : Respor dent told bim that' .he was in the habit o hypnotising his wife. Witness told him tha he ought not to do this, and that it wooli weaken the self-controlling power of his wif if he did so. To his Honor : The hypnotic state wa a state recognised by medical science. Thi l>etitiouer would not recollect anything sh said when in a hypnotic state. The respondent, addressing the Court witl regard to the additional evidence, said that i things were as represented by Dr. Bucknel with regard to the remark he (respondent was said to have made, then he (responden must have benn suffering temporarily fron some mental aberration, tte thanked God however, that he was now in his right mind Speaking again, with great emotion, Respon dent, appealed to his Honor for justice, say ing1 " Your Honor will at lust come, witl all men, to the common judgment of Hin I who knows the sorrows and secrets of everi heart. And I hope that He will help us al who are engaged here this day to rememhei j the words He has spoken-words of love mercy, pity and compassion, as well as word of truth and justice." Continuing, the Re spondont said that if his Honor, uftei con sidering the evidence with calm dispassionate judgment, came to the conclusion that then was any montai aberration in him ut the 'tim« of the alleged occurrences, he felt sure thal bis Honor . would agree that there was nc ground for divorce. Had he, during thii time, been treated in a more compassionate and loving way, it would not have beor necessary for him to have endeavoured to gel his wife huckin the manner in which he had tried. He trusted that his Honor would see that there were no grounds for divorce. By patient waiting all things might at last como right, and although he had suffered injustice he was ready to forget and forgive. Finally, the Respondent stated that if his Honoi decided in favour of the rule nisi being made he desired that he would reserve this point of his (the respondent's) sanity or in sanity for the Full Court, and also the point as to whether the evidence which was given the previous day by his sister-in-law ought to have been allowed. His Honor, without calling upon Mr. Ralston to address the Court, proceeded tc deliver judgment. He must say nt once that during all his experience in that Court he had uevnr\tried a cuso in which more dis gusting, unmanly, horrible cruelty hud been inflicted upon u woman than had been dis closed by the evidence in this case. It was unnecessary to go through the evidence tu detail. Jt was clearly proved before him to his satisfaction that the cruelty which the I petitioner charged against the respondent had been made out. It was true the respond ent had contradicted the evidence which had benn given respecting the various acts alleged, but his Honor ut once said, so far HS the petitioner and respondent were in oonflict, that he. entirely believed the petitioner, and disbelieved the respondent. The petitioner was a young lady who had been brought up, as it would appear, religiously. Not one single word had been said against ber charac ter, and he saw no reason to disbelieve the story she had told. ? Unfortunutely, it was a story that could only be told if it were true, lt was impossible to ; believe that a young wife should tell this tale of sorrow and suffer ing againsb-a young husband, whom she had just married, with suoh horrible details, unless the story she was telling was true to life. Unfortunately his Honor had tried too many cases not to know that men were capuhle of gross cruelty ? to their wives. -Unhappily it -had been'his duty: to listen to stories which taught him by experience that such ' cruelty was possible. Again, no motive had . been suggested'why the wife should invent such a story; ' There was no reason, except because of her sufferings, that she should tell it. She appeared to have endured her sufferings in a man nur that. could only be accounted for by her youth ariel inexperience, or else because of, the extraordinary, state of submission to which she had. been reduced hythe power exercised over her by her husband. Res pondent said- that he possessed the power of hypnotism. It was a power recognised by medical science. They all knew that this power of controlling some other person's will was a thing which some persons were able to exercise. It woiild appear from the evidence given ' by the petitioner and the respondent that at some period, not long after their mar riage, respondent, found that he had this power over his wife. As long ago as June, last your, he was warned by his medical attendant that it wag a power which he ought not to exercise over his wife, as it was calculated to impair her health and self-con trol. But warned as he was, respondent per sisted in hypnotising his wife. To a certain extent an attempt had been made to get rid of the wife's evidence by asserting that the extraordinary occurrences in thoir refine ment of brutality were merely idle dreams, which the petitioner had conceived when in a hypnotised .state. ' The petitioner said she never remembered, anything «he did when'in tins-hypnotised;state. Her sister also said so. Her medical man said that persons who j were hy Hotbed lind no recollection of any thing thut took phice during the time thej were in that condition. Under these cir cumstances it WHB impossible to attribut* any of the petitioner's accounts regardiu; treatment of her hy her husband to iinagiu inga or delirium of mind which might havi been produced by this practise of hypuot ism. His Honor must therefore regard hei evidence as a statement made by a persor perfectly competent cn relate the facts of hei life to which she had deposed. He s uv noth hu; in the uiu-iner in which she gave her evi deuce to disentitle her to that right to whicl her character otherwise entitled her. Sh< told her stoiy in a collected, calm, straight forward manner, with all the circuinstanti I ality that entitled her to credit-and he be lieved every word of it. Her story »van thal from the beginning of her married life she had been subjected to the domineering con trol of a mun who, whatever ho might bo tc children in the parish, or to persons outside over whom he had no control, was in hit house a domestic tyrant. He thought thal because in » sense a woman must obey her husband that she was to lin a slave of hie will- that she was to bo deprived of every thing, evmi tu the sanctity of her own per son when sim choose to maintain it. The evidence was-and he never previously heard anything like it-that the wife wat kept 36 hours without fond, and was locked np in a room, and then .she had her hitit pulled by thu 'respondent because she was inclined to be nlibctionnte towards him. These were undoubtedly instances of cruelty. He had already decided th<\- menning of the word cruelty in the case of Finlay. They were technical words showing that the peti tioner must prove not merely assault, but assault accompanied with buttery. The looking up of a wife in a room was assault, hut was not buttery. Hut in this case re spondent not only locked her up in a room, but »Iso actually assaulted ber. There were eight or niue instances of assault proved be fore him, and all occut ring in a shot t space of time. It was attempted to be provod by the respondent that thu locking of his wife in a room :was for her own ptotection, to prevent ber. while in an hynotisod state, wandering into danger, or being run'over by the train which passed near the house. His Honor entirely disbelieved these excuses. The evidence of herself '»ntl her family wns to the effect that they never knew bet to walk in her sleep either before she left home or since her return. It was true that on one occasion the petitioner seemed to listen to some suggestion thut she had walked in her sleep, because she found next morning that her clothes warn wet : but the evidence did not show that respondent locked her np for this purpose. His Honor then referred to the enmities anti indignities hoaped on petitioner. His Honor instanced another occassiou of cruelty, upon which she was stripped of clothing und driven like a wild thing into u neigh bou ring paddock, and, with horrible inhumanity, made tn roll on the ground, anti was kicked when she did not go faster. This wa« not denied, but was rather justified by thu respondent upon the ground chat wc.were all born naked. The whole tiling was HO horrible that words could not be found strong enough to express his detes tation of the respondent's conduct With regard to the defence, at one time ho was asked to regard the respondent ns tho victim of a conspiracy to accuse him of insanity. At another time his Honor was asked to be linve that the whole of tho petitioner's story was untrue, and that there was no ground, whatever the respondent's conduct wits, for ndmibtins him to be an insane man. /There was no plea of insanity raised hero. There was no evidence iriven which would imikn his Honor believe that respondent did not know right from wrong. Unfortunately, ho had tried cases before of horrible, cruelty which bud been committed by sane mon. Certainly, the cruelty alloted by petitioner hud been proved, and under these circumstances slut wits entitled to be granted a decree nisi for dissolution of the marriage, returnable in three mouths, respondent to pay thc costs. Respondent : Will your Honor reserve the points .which I mentioned to you 1 His Honor : No, I will reservo no points. It is not the practice of the Court. You must take your own course. The parties then left th« Court. The respondent was subsequently arrested by the police us being of unsound mind, and having benn brought before tho police court, was remanded for a week for medical treat ment. 