W E S L E Y A N C H U R C H . EEV. D. O'DONNELL'S MISSION. On Sunday the mission services conducted by the Rev. D. O'Donnell at the Wesleyan Church were attended by large congregations. At morning service the subject of remark was the parable of the j fiTe thousand being fed with five loaves and two fishes,or, as the preacher put it, biscuits and two tardinea." The ^ S ^ X O U M I , t t i ^ r k ^ under Divine guidance, in such fieldsas presented themselves, for the salvation of others, At evening service the Rev. Mr O'Donnell discussed the question, "la the Mercy of God limited ?" taking as his text, 1st John, 5th, 16th, "There u a sin onto death," which was defined to be, in the words of Christ, blasphemy against the Holy Ghost Not only could this sin be committed, the Holy Ghost having come into the world, but men were committing it every day. The sin untj death, the sin against the Holy Ghost, was no specific act bnt continued, and final resistance to the operations of the third person of the Trinity—stealing the conscience until resistance becomes perma nent. d AU character tends to final permanence, so that the persistent pursuit ol good results in a time arriving when the whole balance of nature will be in favor of God ; so also a penitently sinful career results in permanence of sinful character. Those who had been convicted of sin and had not yielded to God were grieving the Holy Ghost. Every faculty unexercised forfeited its function, and if resistance to the Holy Ghost ware persisted in there came a time when the character became permanent for evil, and the rejection of ood. God pleaded with men to yield themselves to Him, bat could not compel them, for the tremendous faculty of free will enabled man to say No to God's Yea. Man went beyond the hne and died, not of od's arbitrary will, but of man's own choice. There were but three steps to perdition—resisting the Holy Spirit, grieving the Holy Spirit, and blaspheming the Holy Spirit by final resistance. The sermon con- I with an earnest and impressive exhortation to the nnaafed to yield themselves to the purposes of God in respect to their salvation. At (he after- meeting seven persons professed so to do. There was a fair attendance at the Wesleyan Cjurch again last evening when the B97 Mr O'Donnell delivered an eloquent and impressive address on "The Story of the Prodigal Son," which was listened to with rapt attention throughout The usual prayer meeting followed. 