ST. FRANCIS'S CHURCH SCHOOL, PADDINGTON. THE MEMORIAL STONE LAID BY CARDINAL MORAN. On Sunday afternoon Cardinal Moran laid the memorial stone of a new school in connection with the Church of St. Francis of Assisi, Paddington. The day was a rather unpropitious one for such a ceremony, but in spite of the rain there was a large gathering of the public. After the stone had been blessed and laid, the company repaired to the Church, where the Cardinal delivered an address. His Eminence said he proposed that day to sketch some of the prominent features of the Catholic Church, which, through the successor of St. Peter, now invited the various heretical communions to return to the one fold. He desired to present the Church to their non-Catholic fellow-citizens, not as she was travestied by those who assailed her, but as she realty was, radiant with the light and comeliness with which she had been endowed by their blessed Lord. Too many of those outside the fold were the victims of prejudice. They had inherited an insuperable aversion to everything Catholic. Hatred of the Church had become a kind of second nature to them, and it was time that those vain prejudices were laid aside. At the close of the nineteenth century it was no less true than it had been in the past, that it was impossible to know the Catholic Church as she in reality was without recog nising her divine mission and embracing the i i . i 1 ? 1 i i . rr\ 1 neaveniy tenets wmcn sue proposed., l ne Church might be justly styled a school of heavenly doctrine, a source and centre of social blessings, a sanctuary of piety, a home of worship. But it was much more than all that. It was God's spiritual kingdom upon earth. The Church was a new creation upon earth, sustained by Divine power, enlightened by the presence of the Incarnate Word, and guided by the Holy Ghost, who abided in it. Those who were enrolled in her communion would be found to vary in their opinions and in their actions as regarded everything except religion. They would be found to vary, whatever their nationality or political prin ciples, but were they Frenchmen, Germans, Spaniards, or Americans they were all united in the sacred bonds of Catholic brotherhood. They all professed the same Divine faith, were obedient to the same spiritual authority, knelt at the same altar, embraced the same inspired Scripture, approached the same sacraments, and offered the same supreme worship of sacrifice to the Most High. The secret of all that was that the unity of the Church was not the work of man, but was a creation achieved by the infinite wisdom and power of God. At the termination of the Cardinal's address, Mr. E. W 0'Sul.Jivan, M.P., moved, and Mr. H. Clarke, M P., seconded, a reso lution that a subscription list be opened, the result of which was a collection ot £71 10s., the Cardinal subscribing £5 5s. A vote of thanks to the Cardinal was moved by Mr. J. Blakeney, and seconded by Mr. J. H. Howard, and carried by acclamation. The school building is of brick on stone, 100 x 35, capable of seating between 300 and 400 scholars. It will be completed at present to the first storey'. Mr. J. Murray, Pad dington, is the contractor, and Mr. C. W. Julian the honorary architect. The cost will be about £'700. Mr. Laurence Foley has agreed to bear the cost of the iron principals of the roof, about £'ioo. 