I RACECOURSE RAVELMENTS. (By HUQH KiLYFTUS.) I met a man who had been to the raoea; upon my word he did not look like a lunatic; i don't think he was one, because he said to me—"Mr. Hugh Kalypbus, you're a aenBible sort of fellow"—showing his perspicuity— "now what do you think of an ass who goes to the races on Saturday and Oup Day, anil let's himself be guided by the women and his friends as to what he should put on the tote V " Well," I said, just a little bit flattered by his direot appeal to my oommou sense, which so few people have aoknowledged, especially my own kindred, "well, you know, women somehow hit the right point without knowing anything about the why or the wherefore. It is a kind of an instinot they seem to have that we men don't possess." He paused, and added reflectively — "Perhaps—it—is—because—they don't liquor up 1" "Just so," I said, remembering my own bad luok and sundry English ales between the acts, "women want to keep their heads level if they erpeob to oope with man" {and we both expanded our obests and planted our feet more firmly on the ground—out of eye - shot of our better halves) — " Women, well, women are, ahem ! Women oannot oome within oooey of us men, they cannot ah—they seem, well, inferior—ah, notable, you know, to grasp the—well, to see into the—well, to understand the, ah totalizator —women—" I went on, when my friend interrupted, and said— "Your wife is waving her parasol to you. I think she wantB you." I disdained to turn round; but in the de termined manner habitual to me and Charley Kingston I said "Come and have a drink." We came, we had, and we drinked. My friend said— "Touobing thess races, I haven't strnck a single thing—not even a sweep ! When in stinct prompted me to go on the winning horse somo oonfounded fool got in my way and put me off it." "Put you off it?" "Yes; put me off it, and on to a horse that didn't get plaoed. Why, when I said I had suoh oonfounded bad luok that if I baoked the first horse, the last wsb sure to oome iu ahead, and I meant to put a pound on First Bolt, beoausehe was tbe last on the list, and (here ooour several lurid adjeobives which the moral oompositor would sooner strike out than set up) a great groomy ghost of gumption gone gravelled, suggested that I should split the difference and take the middle horse, I did, and if he was not near tbe middle at the finish I don't know where he was." I tried to console him. " My dear old chap, don't out up rough ; you're not the only one. In the last raoe on Cup Day I saw Pat Auld, or some Burnsider like him, haoking 'Burnaide.' 'Good,' said I, 'Pat knowa his way about ; I'll venture a pound on "Burnside," I'm in the distriot, and I might get my rates baok.' Did I baok him ? Not a bit of itl Some animal oalled 'Olytem anything else expletive), oalled 'Glyteem nestra,'because it reminded me of one of Bret Harte's oharaoters, took my fanoy, and now we are nob on epsaking terms. ' Burnside' won, and still I have to pay the rates out of my own pooket, instead of out of the tota lizator. Iu future I don't take Bret Harte as I a tipster." After another drink, 'toy friend (if (ru Mclntyre) said he misled the big div, First. Bolt paid. . .. . "So did all but nineteen odd," aaid I, "if I had known that First Bolt was going to win, do you think I would not have hooked himf" I asked, with an air and tone that brooked no contra diction. He did not attempt it. He said in a deprecatory sort of way, as thonsh im pressed by my argument, that he had no doubt several others would have done the same. "Several," I interrupted, with an assump tion of lofty disdain, "Several! I should think there would be quite a number." This appeared to impress him, and he said sadly— "1 have enongh for two shouts and a sand wiob, will you oome? We oan toss up for the sandwich." I magnanimously let him annex the sand wich. I know ths kind of eandwioh; it is half the round of the loaf out thin, an in sertion of tough beef or ham, and people generally eat the bread and throw the meat or ham down in the tan. This sort of eandwioh, if it oould be trained and ran on the oourse, oould stay out every raoe. I ate one and it "stayed" till the following even ing. A fellow said to me after the raoes— " D'you have any luok? No; well, no more did I. Had several 'morals'—moral certain ties—but everything outside of 'morale' seemed to oome in, and other people got the div." "They generally do; as far as I have seen, in a mixed community morals are by no mesne a oertamty, although they are baoked by bo large a section of the oommunity, whose representatives never gave their parents a moment's anxiety." "Oh, well, I don't know about that; if they don't baok a horse they gamble in some way or other. Business is first cousin to gambling; it is all on the ohanoe of a ' apeo' turning out right, and in some oases it is a moral." 