fflfrf ELMflflRPEIMT. JBv "LUCY HAHDY" J (lius'-C. lioitn), Author of ", Our Moar Doge," etc., etc. ALL LIGHTS RESERVED.! . "Slbory L£oUdw>". us I here ' hmd Thorpe frrorereuuy ReecriheR by casual visitor, but 1 loved the place well. It was one of those fcunilrms' of pretty 'Euglish villngcs lying ueitlvd it way amid greeu hills and woods, whose exieiPucc if practically unknown to auy save resi- dentuuiUe, vicinity. . It hua its " great housb" near, out air Henri' Colvil, our squire, was a tuiddle-aged bacl'-vlor, who lived chiefly abroad or iu London, oolv paying his country estate a brief visit in the'tth- toting;f6ason. There was no inducement for any family tp bury itself iu a remote coun'rv place, without society, though my Uncle "Philip had been vicar at Pell-Thorpe for twenty years, aud would not have exchanged the living for . an archbishopric. A quiet, studious man, immersed in his books, Fell- Thorpe exactly suited hi-u. He hated society ; oar village afforded none ; hie meouB were emalli Foil- Thorpe was n cheap place of resi dence. Ho was a good and earuestmau in the performance of hits clerical duties, but the most fervi'' 7-eal could not till up tha entire day with pastoraL work amid so email u population. So that with nil his duties to his flock, scrupu. louBtiperformed/Uncle Philip had yet leisure to t>it;ue his beloved studies, and thiuk out his great always-to-be- written book ; I believe on ffae subject of the differential calculus. Look ing hack, I 'cati understand what a sacrifice of inclii-.itiou to duty Uncle Philip made when he consented to receive me, a girl of eighteen, into his quiet household. My mother was Uncle Philip's only sister, aud had eloped with au artist iweuty years before, dying wheu I was about six years old. Uncle Philip had opposed her marriage as straiHy as so gentle a creature could oppose aBTthmg, aadi't wits partly in consequeuoe of bis desertion by bis mother (who bad lived with him in his London curate days, and had kept his h -fise' that he was was so ready to bury hims-l with hi books in a remote country villa' Little intercourse passed betw-.eu the broth t and sister iu after years, although no actual quarrel ever took place (I cannot imc"!»ie Cuclc Thilip quarrelliug with anyone), Mifaer my mother died, my father kept up no c rrespcudence with his brother-in-law. Or.lv when my father was dyiugdid he be think liim of the relative of whom I knew nothing, and write, conBiguing his penuiless orolunT niece to his care. \ if mv father I would pr -fer not to speak : he ws" mv parent whatever were his short- comiu-a. I believe iu hie way. he loved me; be m Tir'-ed to keep mo at athaoluutill was ixtcn and then, wlicu the lady principal, we-rwd «»f tbe irregolarity of his paymeuts, pohteJy hut iiruily declined to retaiu urn longer, he slur- d his Bohemian menage with me. He hud tri-ut undoubtedly, and might hHve made his cm: in the world bad he cuoseu to do so, but p tuv-us and dealers weary of encouraging an ar:'.>t who can never be relied upon to com plete :i picture or keep au engagement, while a taste u»r cords and dice soon drains away a larger income thau usually falls to the lot of «ven a successful paiuter. Two uucomfortable, ieetfc« ream intervened between my quitting schoni .md taking up my residence with Undo Philip -years of ahiftiug about in cheap pen sions >n France and Italy ; of dtbts, duns, quest - liable Bohemian associates: years which taught me to appreciate even sleepy Fell- Thorp as a haven of refuge from a troublesome W I'li.-'e Philip had generously responded to the appeal to receive his sister's child, and even inadr- i he sacrifice (no slight one to a man of his sbv, recluse habits) of journeying 60 far as Hover' to meet me and take me to my new home. I shall never forget the anxious, puzzle 1 glauces the good old roan cast at me ae leal opposite 'to bimiu the train, evidently regaritiug me as a strange creature, of whose habits' ind ways be was ignorant. "I hope you will be happy iu your new home, my dear," he said, at length. "I have never been accustomed to take care of young gfrls" "I have always been accustomed to take care of myself, Uncle Philip: at least, ever Mince I left school/' I replied truthfully; and Uncle Philip's counteuance lightened consider ably us he said, in a tone of relief, " Have you, indeed, iny dear: I am glad to hear it; I dare say w v shall get on very well together." Verv ivell indeed we had got on for over four years My arrival had made very little difference in Uncle Philip's habits, and Deborah, the old housekeeper, who was at first inclined to resent my coming, soon learned to tolerat? me amicably when she found I never interfered with her. For myself, it was such a blessing to be spared all the moan shifts and contrivances of our former existence: never to have to confront insoleut landladies or clamorous tradespeople, to live in an atmos phere uf solvency and respectability: for small as wus Uncle Philip's income, it was amply sufficient to suiiply all his modest requirements, and eveu leave a little surplus over. Moreover I bad an occupation, and occupied people are never dull. .1 had inherited something of my father's artistic tastes, and had cultivated my capacity for painting uoder his tuition. Fell -Thorpe was rich in " bits" suitable for landscape paint ing : and I was able, through a picture-dealer in Loudon, who once patronised my father, to sell sufficient sketches and small studies to eapply "jyself .with a modest little income, enough for all my private needs, uncle Philip absolutely refusing to allow me to contribute to 2£e household expenses, which he declared I scarcoly increased. So we lived tranquilly to gether Uncle Philip deep as ever iu hL books, 1 bo By with my easel. Dull as Feli-Thorpe wa-«, we possessed one source of excitement, we had a locsl ghost. The village church, though Email, was an ex ceptionally beautiful one : it had been built early in the fourteenth century by some uu- know-i benefactor, after the loving, lavish style iu which our forefathers were then wont to -rect sacred edifices, and through the poverty of the local residents had happily escaped the II beautifying" (by galleries and whitewash) of the eighteenth ceutury, aud the yet more destructive "restoring" of the nineteenth. A convent of uuu had formerly adjoined the church (the conventual buildings had been destroyed at the Diesolntzon) and a curious sort of gallery at the west end of the cburch was still called the 44 Nuns' Gallery." It was shut inbyanexquisltely carved stone tracery, which rendered the occupants invisible bolow (uulesa they actually thrust their head out of one single kind of " oell debfeuf" iu the middle of this et' ne screen) and yet enabled persons in the gallery to hear the service in the church below, and eveu to catch glimpses of the cou- gregatiou through too open spaces bettvet:. the .carving.. This gallery was disuse.! now, but tradition asserted that it was once connected by a passage With the convent ; and that the uuws bad beeu wont to occupy it on great festivals, when they attendvd service in the church. Here was the locale ot the Fell-Thorpe ghost. Iu days of yore, en ran the legend, a certain valiant knight deceased, leaving large estates to his eldest daughter Sibyl ; but providing that, should die die without issue, they hhould descend to his younger daughter Maud, child of his secoud wife. His widow, who proved the typical "wicked stepmother/ 'had therefore a 6trong motive, if not to take the life of her step daughter, at least to keep her unmarried. Tins littler. plan was easily carried out. Sybil was betrothed to a young knight who joined the Crusades : plausible evidence of his death was lorged, and the heart-broken girl easily per suaded to immure herself in a conveut. W hen her betrothed returned she was for ever hidden from hie sight. Years rolled by, and some of ibe.uuns, among them Sybil, now Sister Ave, migrated to the newly-elected cloister at Fell- Thorpe. And it bo chanced, on one high festival, when the nuns were singing behind their stone screen in the church gallery, 'that Sister Ave beheld among, the congregation- beneath, the lover whom she bad long mourned as dead, alive and Well, aoU with a fair young bride by hi side. With one wild call on her lover's name the uuu thrust her head through the opening in the hereon to gate once 'more on his beloved features, and then eank back insensible, and expired, literally' of broken lieart, as ihe ecandabsed eistorhood were carrving her away. And, the storr ran, on each anniversary of her deathaudlid face in.piun'e coif «nnd wimple lookeadatof the igatlfeiy, and a wailing cry resounded through ' the church. It was even n<?ded.that sometimes the epectre "namrcl" 'some of the local residents, and that 7 the persons distinguished invariably died during the year; but the ghost had not been ' personally interviewed" for centuries, as its manifestations only took place at mid night, aud tradition had not preserved the exact datp>f£dy SybiBs tragic demise. The legend was remembered because Fell- Thorpe£ourii4.<r so Tittle to talk about. The old sexton/ "and even Philip, conscientiously related the story to any stray visitor who was ttkSSWFTMWtiWEn ; hna thfc Termor, at least, devtfqtly believed in it. Still, as no one ln4he vfltfcgewps !tre1rtp%e in the church at thdti(toiitiighoit<lwBkedV (We were far too filMiUf6r "watertight" <or kindred services), (399) ourlocaUpeotrewas-atleast-a most inoffensive one. Among our few resident neighbors were an old major and hie wife, the latter rather an invalid. , They had come to Fell-Thorpe some years ago, and apparently lacked the energy to go awayagaio. Their little house suited them ; Mra Grant was benefited by the country air ; they found variety in an occasional visit to Bath or Buxton, and returned to Fell-Thorpo alwavs talking of removing, but never carrying cut their threat, Uucle 1'liilipand the major hjxsame great cronies. From lack of other occupation, Major Urantbecame an enthusiastic archiuologiat. He took iu a quantify of litera ture on the subject- remarkably dull publica tions they appeared to me — and he was always prowling about the church and finding (or imag ing) some hitherto undiscovered attraction in its hoary stones. He had lately lighted upon a small window in the chancel, now built up, and had conceived the theory that this was one of the ancient " lepers' windows" (made to allow the victims of that fearful disease to behold from without the church sacred rites they might not miugle with the congregation to share in), and w&b; simply wild to have this window re opened and filled with stained glass, lie suc ceeded in infcctingUncle Philip with his enthu siasm, but restorations cost money. This con sideration, however, by no means damped the major's zeal. His idea was that we should gather all we possibly could in the neighbor hood, and then make an appeal to the gene rosity of the public iu the newspapers, setting forth how we bad done our little all, and now appealed to " lovers of archaeology" to help us to complete our good work. " I'll tell you what I'll do myself," said the major, 44 111 give you a beautiful old seven teenth century alms- box in carved oak— I picked it np cheaply abroad one year— and you can set it np in the church and invite contributions for our fund. Why. my dear fellow, Burely even the poor folk will feel a little interest in so importaut, so local, an object. Xow Sunday week is your harvest thanksgiving — by-the- way, Sir Henry will be down here then— yoa just preach a good, impressive Bermon, and point out the architectural gem I have dis covered, and invite liberal contributions." " Everyone is poor here," sighed uucle Phillip. Poor people can give something— look what ; a year this has been for the farmers (it was sunny 18S7), beside we ziererbad any real local Jubilee Memorial. Now, the restoration of this interesting— this glorious— window, would be a very fitting one." Carried away by the tide of enthusiasm, Uncle Philip readily consented to exert his best eloquence to induce the congregation to believe that to contribute to our ' ' Itestoratiou Fund" would be the most appropriate form of evincing their thankfulness for the harvest of 1SS7 ana the Accession 01 18J7. 44 But we really cannot— knowing the circum stances of the congregation expect above " "Ten pounds/' interpolated the major ; " re- uieoilter Sir Henry will be there and all his Burvants." "No, no, say seven— well, maybe rather over. Of course we may gather more by special house to house appeals." The festival day came, and Uncle Philip preached one of his best sermons ; he really was eloquent sometimes, though he varied consider ably, often preaching admirable, scholarly dis courses, but completely "over the heads" of the rustic congregation, who hail never read the Fathers and knew nothing of early heresies. But on this occasion Uncle Phillip laid aside allusions to Gnostics and Maoicheaus, and preached iu a style comprehensible to his hearers: and I fclt. &anguine; as regards the col lection we should find in the box "our neigh bor's kind gift," as uncle Philip explained this receptacle to be. Unfortunately the major and his wife wer absent, also our senior church warden : the former obliged tostartearlierthan usual lor Huxton in consequence of a fit of gout ; the latter ill in bed. Bat both had promised to forward contributions to our "Window lles- tnration fund," so their absence would not affect us financially. "I will leave the box unopened until Satin-- ay," remarked Uucle l'bilip as we ate cur early dinner. " I should like Smith (the churchwarden) to be present, and it is possible that ;is there is a samts'-day service this week a trifle mora may be added to the contents of the box after to-day." 1 knew that Smith had somewhat "cold watered" the scheme of the collecting box. end understood that Uncle Philip was looking for ward to a mild triumph wheu it was unlocked. Saturday afternoon accordingly my uncle, Mr Smith (the keeper of the village shop and' vicar's churchwarden) repaired to the cburch, 1 accompanying them as a curious spectator. 41 And now to see what our good neighbors have done for us," said Uncle Philip, as he un locked the box and raised the lid. Could we believe our eyes Uncle Philip fairly rubbed his as if to make sure that he was not the victim of some strange optical delusion. Yet. ga/e as he would, count as he would, the fact remaioed that eightpence in cojipers and two peppermiut drops represented the eDtire " thank offerings" of the congregation. Mr Smith first broke the awful silence. "I never did hold with this new-fangled idea of the major's about a box." he remarked solemnly. " Perhaps," said Uu«-le Philip, iu the tone of one who catches nt a straw, " people made a tniFtake and put their money into the poor box." \Ve boasted au antique receptacle so labelled, which was opcued quarterly, aud its contents (if . auy; distributed among a few needy widows. It i has been recently so emptied, and was found empty still. Uncle Philip was a mild man, and a patient, but worms turn at last. He preached next day in a style wholly uovel to his hearers, and, for once, the entire congregation eat 9 wake aud attentive, the bucolic mind slowly gathering that "p&t;>sou do teem terrible put about like by bumui&t.;" Isiucertly hoped that Sir Henry, whom we all looked upon as the worst offender, would feel pricked iu his con science, and it seemed as if t lis was the case, for the baronet lingered after the congregation had dispersed, and said good humoredly, "Well, Mr Archer, you dou't give ua a very good character for lilierality, 1 really think you are a bit hard on u-, though." " 1 have my duty to perform and my message to deliver, Sir "Henry," said ray uucle, gravely. " Yes, of course. Only you know we are uot Cr<tsus down here, and if each gives according to hie ability " " Are you aware of the amount of last Sun day's collection asked my uncle. "Not at all. I should recognise my own con tribution. though." Oh, would you," said Uncle Philip, with a curious little smile, "then if you will accoui- pauy me to the vestry 1 shall have pleasure in showing you what the liberality of Fell-Thorpe has considered an appropriate thank-offering at their jubilee harvest festival." We entered the veatrjr ; Uncle Philip unlocked the quaint antique safe which coutaiued the Communiou plate, and drew out a bag which he emptied on the table. "Six peiiuie?, two half-peuuies, three, no, four farthiugs, and two peppermint drops. I leave it to you to identify your own contribution, Sir Henry," said Uncle Philip, with sarcastic politeness, addiug, "I scarcely think the remarks 1 made regarding this coilectiou were unjustified." Sir Heury stood with an expressiou oi blank amazement upon his ruddy good-humored face. " But, my dear sir, there's something alto gether wroag here, ' " Exactly what I said thia morning— it is sadly, lamentably wroug." "But I mean," almost 6houted the baronet, / that this isn't the real collection. I aloue put in five pounds ; I gave a five-pound gold piece, one of the newly-coined Jubilee ohm. It occurred to me that you might get a trifle more for it as a curiosity. Mr Archer, the bo\ has been robbed." We returned to the church, and scrutinised the box closely. Neither the lock nor the box bore the least signs of having been tam»ered with— and yet, where was the gold five-pouud , piece V "The box has a large opening," said Sir Henry. "It would not j>s difficult to iusert a thin stick or piece of whkle-bone, smeared with bird-lime, and so extract the coins. I have heard of such things being done before." " But there is no ou« here likely to do euch a wicked thing/' said Uncle Philip, worming to the defence of his parishioners. "Well, I don't know. Fell-Thoipe can furnish a jioucher or two, tuy gamekeepers tell roe. II is clear that the box his been robbed, Mr Archer, ai.d you ought to have the matter investigated. By the way," and the barouet 8aused before leaving the vestry, " do you keep i&t; floe Sacramental plate in the church V It really was fine plate- unusually valuable to be in use iu a village fane. Sometwo centuries ago it had beeu presented to the church by a piousvnaiden lady, who bequeathed her molest savings for the purpose of replacing "ye altar plate and furniture," which Waller's sacri- ligiouB troopers had plundered in the Civil Wan. Apart from their intrinsic value, the massive chalices and paten were exquisite specimens of silversmiths' workmanship, aud might have graced a cathedral. I " Where should 1 keep the Communion plate bat here ; it has been safe in this vestry for tw» centuries and more," said Uncle Philip. " Well it seems clear that thieves have carried off something already from the church, and Ibope they will not payyou another visit," said Sir Heory, and departed, leaving Uucle ' Philip in -a- condition of the deepest dejec tion. " I thought my flock misers— am i to be lieve them thieves also'r" he asked, in despairing touts. The village constable and lr .Smith were both Bummoneuto give counsel in the matter, but without. much good result, the former frankly avowing that the matter " beat him : " the latter repeating that he had "never held " with the A plate held at the church door wouldhuVc obviated all risk of robbery. Mr Smith, however, made one prac tical suggestion that certain pieces of money should be marked and placed in the box. Should the theft be repeated aud these coins changed in the village they might lead to the identification of the thief. Uncle Philp listened dejectedly to a scheme which seemed likely to place him in the unenviable positiou of a prosecutor of oue of his owu parishioners ; but Mr Smith was iiiBiBtont, and some coins duly marked were dropped into the hox. We spent a miserable evening at the Vicarage, i Uucle Philip, an almost morbidly conscientious raau, gave himself up utterly toaelf- rcproachep. If, after twenty years' pastoral work, his teachings had borne no better fruit than this, it was a clear proof that ho had mistaken bis vocation— he was unfit for his post, and so on ; until Deborah, who was clearing the table, openly " dratted " the major and his scheme of restoration. "If he'd abeen conteut to leave the church as he found it, there'n a been no box to rob, aud master wouldn't a beeu worrited." Truly, "les absents out toujours tort." Every one seemed to put all ihe blame on poor innocent Major Grant. Uncle Philip was equally des>ondent when Monday came: so much bo, that in the afternoon I mado up my mind to go off and see if the Grants had re turned, as they had arranged to do on this day. Major Grout was a cheery little body, and would pay him a visit. Besides, I was naturally anxious to be the first to announce the startling news of the suspected robbery. "You'll be caught iu the rniu, Mies Aunie, I'm thinking," remarked Deborah, as she saw me about to set out on my expedition. I had a good two miles' walk before me, the Grants living at the extreme end of the parish. "If it rains I may wait to dinner and walk back with the major afterwards," I said; " don't let Uncle Philip wait for me if I am not back to tea, Deborah." Deoorah gave a sniff, which I knew meant that she would see that Uncle Philip waited for no one. I was often accustomed to drop in to meals at the Greats, and the major to returo the compliment at the Vicarage ; but the Grants still kept up the fashiou of a late dinner at eix o'clock, while wo coutcuted ourselves with the humble mid-day repast. 1 tbiuk, however, Deborah's housekeeping was the more liberal of the two. Mrs Grant was always glad to welcome a visitor to break Uie monotony of her quasi-invalid life, ami we bad a fiction of readiug French and Italiau together which served as an excuse for frequent visits. Before I had gone far on my way, however, the rain began to descend. I have before mentioned that I sketched and paiuted. I had lately been finishing some small studies of the views from our church tower, and had taken the freedom, without consulting Uncle Philip, to make use of the " Nuns' Gallery" as a kind of temporary studio. The old woman who cleaned, or was sup posed to clean, the church, readily agreed to sweep and dust out this disused port of the edi fice for my convenience, and here I was wont, after concluding my day's painting on the tower, to stow away my palette, paints and canvas, instead of troubling to carry them to and fit) daily as I did the great church key. Now, as rain began to descend, I remem bered that I had left my waterproof cloak as well as my paiuting gear in the Nuns' Gallery. Luckily I had the key of the chorch in my pocket. I seldom weut out without it, Uncle Philip possessing a duplicate. It was but a step across the road to the church, and 1 60on fouud my property, but as 1 turned to descend the dark winding stairs which led from the Nuus' Gallery I stumbled, and. in the effort to save myseli. fell against the half -opened door which shut off the end of the staircase. ItcloBed with a slam, and I immediately remembered that it was only opened by an outside latch, conse- ?uently 1 was caught in a trap. I groped and umbled, and hurt my fingers in vain. It was impossible to open the door from within, and I resigned myself to the inevitable. I was leas alarmed at my predicament than many girls of my age would have been. As regards the ghostly associations of the gallery I was utterly sceptical. My life, before coming to Fell-Thorpe had been too full of practical cares and auxieties to leave much room for imagina tive terrors. I had faced the stern realities of life too early to be much troubled with "nerves." I should be missed and inquired for as the evening drew on, and Deborah at least knew that 1 was in the habit of making sketches from the church tower. They were sure to look for me here wheu it was discovered that I was not at the major's. It was pro voking to be thus caged, and I hoped that I should be released before I began to grow hungry, but auy fears of & supernatural visita tion in the gallery nover crossed my mind. To beguile the time,T commenced a sketch of the church as seen from my eyrie, aud thus occupied, worked until the evening shades began to fall. Seven o'clock, eight, the church was growing dark now, aud 1 began to feel dully i though it was warm weather), tired and docidedly hungry. Well, it could not be long before 1 was missed and sought f or, so I wrapped myself in my cloak, and nestling my self into a convenient angle of the wall, set my self to await release as patiently as might be. At last I fell asleep. I awoke suddenly, witb a sensation of having slumbered for weeks, and was startled to see a light iu the chinch below. I spronc up, aud was about to call out, when a voice fell ou my car. " Nobody ain't thtre," and the door at the foot uf the staircase, uhich had apparently been opened, gave a dick. " l'u have settled 'urn if there had," growled another tone. Peering cautiously through the interstices of the stouework, I perceived, in the nave, two men, one of whom I recognised as ltoger Simiuons, a village loafer, strougly suspected of poaching proclivities the other a most villiauous looking man, who carriod in his hand a heavy bludgeon, aud a hog over his arm. Perhaps the ups and downs of my former life had taught roe self-control, for I checked my first impulse to call out, and waited. There was little doubt thutl was face to face witb the robbers of our alms-box, equally little doubt that it would be wise to conceal mv presence. Squeezed against the front of the gallery I held my breath and watched. " Come on." said the strange mou. im patiently throwing down his bag and extracting therefrom some tools. " What (with au oath) are vou staring about for r 'There's t' gbaiet," half blubbered Kqger, who seemed as if dragged on against his will, " 1 be mortal feared to think wo may see she. '' The elder muu swore roundly at Roger's cowardice and superstition iu terms which I re- frair to quote. " Meastur,'" said Roger, desperately, in tbe toues of one making a last appeal ; " 1 cau't go for to do it. Why, my old dame 'ud break her henrt to think of t'hem holy things beiog touched; no good '11 come of it, you'll see- taint like taking silver out o' passoa'e own house!" " No, I don't think that your ' passou,' as you call him, deals in sucli silver," said the other ruffian, coolly, as he sorted and selected his tools: "but you village fools don't know valuables when youseelhetn. To think!" he added, with another oath, " that it was just by chance I caught sight of these things the .Sunday I came to church to gammon you good folks, and you ouly telling me of the haul I might make out of the alms-box. By the way, here goes again," aud by the device which Sir Henry bad suggested — a bit of whalebone apparently smeared with some stickv substauce, the box was again rifled with a dexterity which told of long practice. 44 It's no use standing shaking and shivering fnow," went on the remorseless robber ; "you're iu for it all the way : you helped to rob the poor box last week, and you've get to show me where the silver's kept dow, so come along aud no more talking. ' Hesitating and trembling, the less courageous thief followed towards the vestry, murmuring about his "dame/1 "pasaon," "t' ghaist," religious scruples and superstitious terror warring with the tbe power his fellow-crim inal bad obtained over him. 1 had not lived for over four years at Fell- Thorpe without becoming imbued witb some of the sentimente of the place, and thcaacreligioua theft to bo perpetrated upon our treasured altar vessels roused me to inteuse indignation. Au idea occurred to me, I might run some risk, but I would chance that. Pressing my face agaiuat the openings of the carving I gave vent to a long sighing groan, and was delighted to bear the sound greeted by'an absolute yell.from Roger. T ghaistrit be Bhe/Uhe cried, and. would have rushed from tbe church had not his com panion held him. 41 Wait a bit, yon fool," whispered this latter, bat I was pleased to detect a decided tremor in bi6 voice. I gave vent to another melancholy sigh, loud euough to be audible below. " Curse it, there'seome one spying up there," cried the stronger, flashing hie bull's eye lantern on the gallery. A sudden inspiration, born of the danger wnich I knew I was in, flashed npon me. I hastily wrapped my handkerchief round my faoe, drew the dark cloak over my head, and tbua having arranged up a very fair imita- tion of a nun'e head gear, thrust ray head out of the opening where tradition asserted Lady Sybil bad uroiruded here, and poured out a loud wailing cry liko a veritable Bausbee. Cold and (error doubtless gave to my voice a wierd sound enough. The effect of my appearance waa tuagieul. Roger fled yelling to the door, end his companion was appearautly now more solicitous to outstrip him than to detain him— in a second or two the men bad vanished, leaving their tools and lantern behind them in their flight. It was some time before I ventured to descend the stairs; and then found to uiy great relief, that the door, which one or other of the thieves had opened (I suppose to see if anyone was hiding on tbe staircase) had not quite closed. As I stopped out into the church, the outer door opeued, I shrank back into the darkues?, but was relieved to Roe only Uncle Philip, to whom I rushed ; aud rather otartlcd the kind old man by burBtingintoacouvulsivefit of sobbing in 44 There, my dear, there," he said soothingly, pitting my head, ' I suppoeu you got yourself bhat in eomehow by accident aud it's sadly unfortunate that you should have been kept I here so long ; midnight, bless me," as the clock chimed above us. 44 But the fact is that I was called out just as 1 was going to bed, to baptise a dying child at the other end of the parish, and when I came back aud found you still missiug, I, of course, started off first to tbe majors, where Deborah said you had gone. The Grants have not yet come home, and I found the house i rnpty and locked up. But as csmo back, 1 remembered that you sometimes sketched at the church, uud thought it just possible that you might be in here, particulaily as the outer door waa ajar— careless of you to leave it 60, by the way, my love -but, eh, what's this," and Undo Philip broke off his narrative as his eye fell upou the tools aud lautern on tbe ilocr, visible by the light of a similar bull's eye which he himself carried, a serviceable guide for his nocturnal perambulations over our dark country lanes, I rapidly explained my adventure, and how I had played upon the superstitious fears of the thieves to 6avo our altar plate. Uncle Philip was delighted. " You ran some risk, though, my brave, clever little girl," be said at length, after laughing heartily nt ray description of tbe abrupt departure of the thieves, "and I am thankful all has ended as it did. And now, Annie, remember, not a word of this adventure to any one for a day or two. J think I see roy way to get back 6ome of our lost almsbox col lection." Early next morning Uncle Philip paid a visit to Roger, who lived with his old mother, a re spectable widow, to whom her sou's idle and discreditable courses were a source cf sincere regret It was, indeed, consideration for old Mrs Simmons, whom every one liked and pitied, which had made Sir Henry's head gamekeeper 6omewhat blind to Roger's more than BUBpected poaching proclivities. The village ne'er- do-weel was now, however, laid up in bed; groaning under the newly-awakened terrors of a guilty conscience, and a firm belief that he should not long survive tbe ghostly warning which he be- llered himself to have received irom Lady Sybil's wrath. He needed no urging to pour out all his guilty secret to Uncle Philip, con fessing how be had long had secret dealings with the stranger, a noted London "cracks- mau," regarding tbe disposal of his poached game: how this "15iir" had come down to lodge at his mother's cottage for change of air (burglars, like other people, may take an occasional holiday), and how the announcement of our proposed Collection for the Itestoratiou Fund suggested to tho London thief an opportunity for combining professional business witb pluosure. Roger, already in his power from thoir previous illicit transactions, was a hopeless tool in his hands. Like a once famous Loudon burglar, Mr Brown, as the thief chose to be called, passed for au extremely respectable, even religious, kind of man, aud quite won poor dame Simmon' heart by the regularity with which he accompanied her to church on Sunday mornings, a thing she could never induce her son to do. We have seen how piously Mr Brown employed himself during service time by " taking notes" of our locsl valuables, with a view to their ultimate plunder. Uucle Philip had the satisfaction of recovering from the penitent Roger a part of the spoils of our almsbox, notably the gold five pound piece. The congregation bad come for ward very handsomely after all, and x think Uncle Phillip preached to himself as well as to his hearers when he delivered himself of an elo quent harangue against 4 ' rash aud uncharitable judgments" in bis next sermon. The stolen coins, or at least the larger part of them, had been concealed in a hiding-place near Roger's cottage, and Mr Brown had lieen in such haste to catch the next train to London (one stopped in tbe early hours of the morning at a elation some five miles off) that he had actually struck straight away across country to Byford Junction, without delaying even to fetch his clothes from Mrs Simmons'. I wonder if this worthy believed in the ghost, or sus pected a police ambush ? Any way he disap peared, aud Fell-Thorpe saw him so more. There was no doubt about Roger's view of the affair. Uncle Philip felt bound to explain the real state of affairs to him, when the roan aa serted the ghost had appeared to him, called him by name, and therefore sealed his doom. But Roger rejected all attempts at explana tion. If, as Uncle Philip asserted, I was iu the gallery, well, like the Mousquetaire in the "Ingoldsby Legends," Roger could only declare 41 ily a deux." 44 1 know what I seed, sir," he persisted, with a stolid obstinacy pecu liar to the bucolic organisation : and Uncle Philip was silenced. Of coarse we ought to have prosecuted Roger: so said Sir Henry, and the major, and even Uncle Philip. But the fellow was only tbe minor criminal after all. He had received a terrible fright, was apparently sincerely peni tent, and had made all the reparation in bis power. Village communities are always glad to be rid of a local black sheep quietly, with out scandal. Our local magnates decided to act like the kindly suburban gatdeoers who, loth to crush the snails which they remove from their own cabbages, quietly drop them ever their neighbor's paliogB. Roger was offered his liberty 011 the same terms accorded to many an ancient wrong-doer, on thn condition that he presently transported himself forth of our dominions." Sir Henry discovered that a re cruiting-sergeant was buey at Byford, and Roger, who was a stout, well-growu young fellow cuough, was readily enrolled amongst the new recruits, We kept his secret : only, like the JuBticein tl.e "Critic," piously hoping that the church robber might, io future "Defend bis country's laivs Witb half the vigor that he broke them all." I was glad to learu in after years that such actually proved the cu&e.; Work, aud discipline, and removal from evil associutes, worked wonders for Roger, as these factors have doue for many another apparent ne'er-do-weel who has 44 joiued the colors." As Uncle Phillip wrote to me a month ago, no one could have recognie&l; the idle, poaching loafer of days gone by in the 6tnart young soldier who was paymg'his mother a visit during his furlough, on the return of his regiment from abroad, where he had served with much credit during one of our 4 little ware.' 44 Lady Sybil's ghost" saved more than the altar plate," laughed good- natured Sir Henry ; and immoral as our leniency may have been, I am glad that Roger, more weak thau wicked, was saved the stigma of the jail, if only for his old mother's sake. We gained our window without applying to the general public. Sir Henry was liberal enough to moke up tbe deficiency in our local fund, remarking to Uncle Phillip that be thought the "lady who saved the altar plate" deserved some recompense, aud that he kuew I, as well as Uncle Phillip and the major, desired to see the church beautified. Sir Houry is a kindly pleasant man, 1 ought to know, coeing I have been his niece for some years now. Arthur, my husband aud Sir Henry's presumptive heir, tells me tbat it was his uncle's praises of 44 the girl who kept her head iu circum stances where many people would have tcreamod and fainted," which first made him desirous of staying at Fell-Thorpe Hall, and makiug the acquaintance of this female paragon. 44 Lady Sybil ' is still my nickname from Sir Henry . Not very long ago I happened to take up a work on tho local traditions and superstitions current in that part of Englau J in which Fell- Thorpe is located. Our ghost was described in its pages ; and I read, witb much interest, that 44 as late as tbe Jubilee year " this spectre was beheld by 44 credible wttuesses ''and by its timely apjmrition prevented au attempted burglary in thechuti&. It is always unkind to spoil a good story, so 44 Lady Sybil " has allowed this interesting narrative, founded pre sumably on the authority of Roger or Mr Brown, oiiher of whom may have let out aome scraps of the occurrence, vo&eealing; of course their own share therein, to pass uncontra dicted, aud our local ghost may still be credited with the beneficent guardiausbip of our saored valuables. 