New Parliamentary Candidate!. The M'Intyre Herald of the 10th instant in- j { timates that advance slips of a manifesto to ths electors of Carnarvon by Mr. P. Clare, one of the labour candidates, were received daring ! last week. Mr. Clare has not waited until the ballot for selection of a candidate has been taken, therefore his address to the dec ton as a whole is somewhat premature, and conse quently not «f sufficient importance to claim public attention. It might however, be classed as one of those delightfully vague yet dogmatic utterances characteristic of the genua reformer. The Torrci Straitz Pilot declares that the ! electors at Thursday Island appear perfectly ! lukewarm as to Mr. A. Riddells's candidature. ! Matters political have not yet takeu a very pronounced turn (says the Goondiwindi corre spondent of the St. George Standard)^ and until the ballot of the U.P.O. has been taken in January for/the selection of a candidate i the labour interest, nothing of importance : need be lookedfor. In the meantime, those j best able to judge think that Mr. Gough will ; be the-one selected to do battle, and that the i fight, will- really He between him and the ' present member, Mr. Foxton. Of course j ".Oor Tam" says that he has sufficient | support to make his return .certain, bat he is. 1 not generally considered to have the ghost of a ; chance, therefore be can be at once put aside. Other names have been mentioned as probable candidates, but it is almost a certainty that only two, or, at moat, three, will go to the poll. The Barling Potent Gazette is responsible for the following: During the past few days strong representations have been made to Mr. W. R. Robinson to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for the con stituency of Drayton and Toowoomba. Although he has not yet definitely decided to do so, he has requested to be allowed a short time to consider the matter.. Mr. Robinson is practically a native of the town, has business aptitude in an unusual degree,' and as an alder man has demonstrated that he is possessed of decision of character and straightforwardness. Political matters are making progress in Cam boo ja. From a reliable source we learn that Mr. Donald Mackintosh is meeting with very great support in his candidature for the repre sentation of the Cambooya electorate. "We are authorised to state that Mr. John O'Brien, of Gowrie Creek, has received so many solici tations from friends to contest the Aubigny electorate that ho will Tery probably do so, Mr. O'Brien assumes an Independent attitude, but has strong Democratic leanings; he is a young man, but has plenty of grit and abiUty, and is naturally a fluent and gifted speaker. . "We may also*'state that Mr. O'Brien, has been approached by a large section of electors, asking him to contest the Drayton and Toowoomba electorate in the farming* democrat interest,. but as his interests are nearly -all centred in Aubigny he prefera that constituency. Mr. F. Lord, the member for-Stanley, £s opening his campaign, and proposes addressing his electors in certain parts of the electorate forthwith. 