[continued from Wednesday's issue. (jUX bights reserved.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. THE PIRATE TEN. A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. By , W. CLARK RUSSELL, -Author, .of '.The Golden,Hope,". "The " DeathShip," "The Good Ship Mohock,' eic. CHAPTER XXVII.-(Continued.) ■ The Fioht The Commander stood beside the body of Trollope gazing down at the dead face. He lay sideways. The wound was hidden, and Boldock saw a handsome gentleman lying in death. He lay a very fine figure of a man, -and Boldock thought that he at some time • in his life had met him. 11 may recall you some of these days,' mused the Commander with the velocity of thought standing for a minute beside the body. 1 That you wore a gentleman is certain, no doubt an officer in the army. A base end, an ignoble end ! What did you do with those qualities with which you might have made a respectable, even a shining figure upon this brief stage ? God forgive us all! Why did the Dane kill this man ." He lifted his wide straw hat to wipe the sweat from his streaming face, then turned from the body, calling to a couple of hands to carry it to a foremast cuddy cabin. Trivett came up to him. ' A. sharp business,' said the Commander, 'and far bloodier than I wanted.' 'It couldn't be helped, sir.' ' 'No. They fought like true children of Satan.' ' Like Englishmen, sir,' said Trivett. ' Get buckets and swabs for these decks, the Commander shouted. 'Been htirt Trivett V 'Bit of a thump over back of the head, sir: nothing to talk of.' ' We have three wounded,' said the Com mander. ' One man's badly hurt in the mouth. The mat6 of this barque will re port other injuries. I believe we have come off pretty lightly. The rogues were hand somely armed, but shot wildly, or their first discharge should have dropped more than -t&rae; of-us. .. Is Miss Mansel on deck V. i ' She's right aft near the wheel; sir.' ■ j ' The fellows are in irons V I ' They are, sir.' ' Well, get thedecks washed down, Trivett, j and—stay.' He rushed to the side and , looked over. 'Just so." he shouted, 'Trivett, we must get that longboat aboard. L-eep'all shaking aloft till the boat has been fetched and stowed.' He then went on to the poop. The little combat had been fierce and long, at least, for numbers so unequal. The sun was hi«h* . the wind small, the sea floated before the faint northerly wind in abreast of shivering satin down to where the dim pearly square of the brigV;i canvas took the eye. The barque had been held to the wind during the struggle and the longboat lay about aquarter of a mile distant on her quarter. Miss Mansel stood -beside the wheel watching her. When ■ Bol dock approached, she turned arid seeing him, ran to meet him. ' 'Are you hurt! she cried. 1 Not to the extent of a hair of my head my dear,'he answered. ' How the wretches fired! It was a perfect storm of shooting. I listened in the cuddy shivering. If one ball had hit you . . . * ' It is pleasant to be thought of in this way. It is a novel sensafion to me. There's been no body to think of me, fair or foul, sincemy mother died.' ' That's altered,' said Miss Mansel. She was about to ask after the prisoners ; somemen camealong to enter the quarter-boat which lay floating in the water alongside and interrupted her. One was Harry the Dane. He looked with a scared, though brilliant gaze at the Commander and tumbled quickly into the mizzen chains before the test. Bol dock did not address him. He called to one of the others. ' Any of you men injured?' ' None of us here, sir. There's a man dead in the fok'sle.' ; 'Ha! groaned Boldock. . Tho seamen dropped .over the side.'. 'It was that scoundrel Dane who killed your friend Trollope. Margaret.' . 'IsTrollope dead 7 she exclaimed. ' Killed by adirty little mutinous foreigner in absolute disobedienceto my orders. I will see how ho is to be .punished for it. I doubt . if. there is any law that, under the circum stances, will enable jne to get at the coundrel.' ' Captain Trollope dead !' murmured the girl. Ace others of thorn killed V All unhurt in irons in the steerage ' They stood watching the men bringing the longboat to the ship, and they talked of the fight, and Miss Mansel asked the Commander if he saw the look on Caldwell's face when he saw nori , . . > ^'It was not a favourable 'moment ' for observation,' said the Commander. «I tripped him on a sudden rather easily I thought, and fell with him and on him. He carries the_ aspect of a wicked character. The handkerchief convicts him as one of them, .'it should liko toknow who was the other.i: 'It is likea dream,'said the girl. Yet I could swear that the other was Mr. Da venire.' . .. Mr. Matthews rose upon the ladder and came in his slow walk along the poop. He looked pale and hollow as though just out of a hospital. ' Sorry to say there's a hand dead in the ok'sle", and the others seen in a bad way I've clone what I could for them.' ' The villains shouklliave surrendered and saved this loss of life,' cried the Commander Stamping his foot. ' 'As I came along,' continued Mr. Matthew.-!, 'your bo'sun told me that one of the prisoners had cone mad. , I put my head over the hatch to listen and heard the voice of air. Caldwell shouting. It mainly concerned you, Miss Mansel. You and the man Masters. D'ye remember him ? The worm eaten rather good-looking chap, that was believed to have lost his heart to yon ' I cl rather not hear such things,'1 said'thn commander stiffly, whilst Mis, hhnJS'l cheeks began to glow. saiXl^ T y]nIlC 'sIl0!,lln'- and shouting and all ' I could collect wax—but he .,wea>-s so!' I .? n-v.r would have shot you you wretched Idiot if I'd known she. was alive. Why;in I ,he name of brimstone did you challenge me for a. dead woman as you thought her There's Daveniro here -will tell you we did it in tile interests of the gang, for your sake, vou—' herd ho began t^ shout and .rave Lain, but it is all to the same effect. lie s gone mad and is talking to the ghost of Mr. Masters, and I never hoard tho^othors. sneak a word.' . , , • Caldwell's assistant then was the giant . said the commander. : , ^ <• * I have all along said it, exclaimed MisS j Mansel, and she appeared to watch the pro ceedings of tho two boats. _ ( 1 1 What's our programme now, sir ( saul Mr. Matthews with a slow gaze of fatigue and horror at the distant brig. ■ ' Up helm for that craft there as soon as ever you like,' answered the commander, 'and a straight-course for the island, where I hope we shall find the gold. Refresh your self first, pray, and Mr JIatthews let he "Kau~ds~have a bumper all round. Get that boat stowed as smartly as the men are able to do it; and Margaret, come below, my dear, and help me to find the materials for a glass of grog.' PosTsoiurr. The story of the issue of this daring and lore memorable enterprise may be entrusted to Miss Mansel, who sent a copious account of the whole of the transactions on board the ships Queen and Wellesley to lier aunt, Miss Julia Home, Richmond, Surrey. Dating from Sydney, N.S.W. After six sheets of close writing, she proceed, thus ' When this dreadful fight was o»decl, Robert, who was kindly permitted by Mr Matthews to remain m command o - birque until the inland was rc^chc^ orckiu the vessel to be steered for the brig, which was still in sight like a little piece of pap°J at the end of the sea. Sail was made, (I cannot help expressing n^el£ "V lancuao-e of nautical men) and we \ery soon overtook her. We then sailed in comply 'A ,t a".like th. iH«t loaving the Queen (meaning me) for the brig, but he had ultimately to shift, his quarters, for duty is duty at sea, and I wop d not consent to live in a stuffy little cabin when I had got a beautiful airy bedropm 2d a large drawing and dining room ^nd noble esplanade, as it might be, all to my self. He is an honest dear fellow, but when I rrgt to know him more intimately I shall entreat him never to talk to me in the language of love. You cannot believe what a r,°"out his face makes of sentiment, in deed ho is no beauty, but lie is a gentlenian and a man of courage and piety and a sailor, and I would not exchange him for the hand somest man in the army. Besides, I cannot forget that I am a beggerly governess with out" any prospects here or at home, and I do think myself wonderfully lucky and greatlj obliged to tho villains who: would ha-\ e drowned me. , ■' 'Though Mr. Caldwell ceased to make a noise, there could be no doubt ho had gone out of his mind. Robert went down into the steerage, which in our ship was a little compartment under the cuddy deck, where there happened- to be no wool; you gained it by a manhole; and a short ap and down ladder • ' he, descended into this steerage where--'the- prisoners: lay helpless >? *r°Ps They had been', regaled, however, with beef and beer.' Indeed-the rascals wanted refresh ment^.'" -They' had spent the night in an open boat and tliey had been fighting like demons,- , as Robert would say,—why . do demons fight?.. He tried ta coax-jaome in telligence about ' the gold out of them and thev in return sought, to bribe him. . ■ ^ 'Give us that longboat and our liberty, .said the giant Davenire. 'Give us meat and drink for a fortnight, give us a chapce in short to escape the horrors to which 1 suppose you mean to carry us, and I swear by my heart's blood to tell you where the gold is, and you shall be deceived, so help me God, in nothing.' ' Such a proposal, of course, could not be listened to. Robert, looking at him in his stern way—and he can look very terrify ing, X assure you, when vex6d by his men, orwhen things go wrong—said : ' You are one of the persons who tried to murder Miss Mansel. There sits the other man,' said he pointing to Caldwell, who was squatting in a dark corner, scarcely visible, sometimes mumbling, and sometimes chuck lino- but clearly giving 110 heed to what vrfts piis°sin". ' God has visited him, and his punishment is hard enough. Tho young lady whom you gagged and threw overboard has consented to be my wife, and I shall not lose sight of you when we get ashore, Mr. ^'^Th'o huge man made no reply, Robert said. The'rest kept silence and Robert came away. ' 1 We were off the island early nest morn u,,,. When I woke and came on deck I beheld a beautiful scene of bright green land, most sweet and refreshing to th* sight after long days of blue witer ; it lay out upon what is called the port beam.. Soon after wards both vessels anchored. Robert from the poop of the Queen incessantly viewed the land through a glass, but told mo he could see no sign of-the men. '' Depend upon it ' said he, they^re m hiding The boat left the island yesterday on a piratical cruise ; that is, with the idea, since they had lost the barque, of fall ng in with a small vessel suitable to their purpose, seizing hor and sending her people adrift. Look how well they were armed.' . ' I su""csted that, if the three men were not on =the island they, might have been killed in quarrels. : 'We shall soon find that out, he ex ^'Before lie went ashore, he entered the steerage to exhort the prisoners to tell him where the gold was hidden ; he said that a confession would be of great_ use to them., whilst their silence cnuld simply signify nothing but the inconvenience of detention, for he was determined not to leave the island without the nuggets _ _ ' Davenire asked if the island was in sight; and being answered, enquired if tlio Com mander had been ashore. This was all he said I-Ie "rinned fiercely at the others, Robert told me "who were as dumb as dogs. Quite as likely as not that wretch of a giant was hoping and thinking that the nuggets would not be found, that something would befall to free him, so that he could return to the island in due course properly equipped, and possess himself of the whole of the gold. Surely lie or the others would have confessed the hiding place but for some such wild dream. ' Caldwell had been taken out of the steerage and put into the cabin into which Trollope's body was conveyed. I think I told you that the remains of that miserable man were buried in the evening. Caldwell was now gloomily and dangerously mad, and needed a sentinal with a truncheon. He was safe enough however, with irons on his feet and handcuffs on his hands, and in this dreadful degrading condition, Robert told me he lay in "a bunk cursing his watchman, blabbing secrets of horror and blood and grimacing with the face of Sitan.at the UDper deck. •r * Well, very soon after the ships were an chored the longboat—that historic longboat waslbweredlnto the water and eight men and Robert entercdher. Iconfesslcried when Robert -wont. : I knew there was but three men—-if three—if any !" Yet supposing three, they had the means of killing without 'pausing to reload their weapons, - eighteen people. .There went but nine and my heart sank and my tears flowed when I thought 'that Robert might bo shot. . •' The south side of the island had been ex actly described by the D^.ne. A_ curve oi .land formedsmall harbor. I noticed a fine stretch of white sand which ludicrously enough painted a vision of Ramsgate ! and I daresay the humors .of that town wore not unrepresented in the island if Mr. Burns was one of tho gentlemen who were ashore, for besides being continuously under, the in fluence ,of bottled beer he was a person of a vulgar but very sprightly wit. 'The boat went ashore at eleven o'clock in .the morning.- It was very fine weather. Indeed wa - were moat fortunate in this respect throughout. The ships lay with their topsails beating in pulses of light and shade as they lightly rolled upon the smooth undu.-. lalions. .Many birds glanced like showbrs of broken glass-over the island and some drew near on arched wing with coarse shrieks. They'were evidently not used 1 to being disturbed by visitors. William was in the longboat. Robert had refused tho ser vices" of Harry, pronouncing1 him a con temptible little murderer, unfit to oppose men in a fair light. 'I watched the boat through an opera glass, as she grounded upon the beach and two men were left in charge of hor. This reduced the strength of the commander's little company, but of course it was necessary thaf. the boat should be watched. Likewise there was tho chance of her being seized by I the throa men rushing down upon her. But' that was ii risk not to be seriously appre- I hended. What use could they make of her? | The brig's boat would fetch Robert and his party who would immediately give clikse to' the robbers. I should add that the boat was without mast or sail, for these things 'the commander did not require to go ashore with. ^\V^ell,-Lw-a tch ed-Robcrt. and.-hi.ssix men march along the white sand. Robert trudged , with acutlas∈ his grasp. The others were armed. _K.it.h -t ho. like . jv.e.apQjjsjis.. well as muskets and pistols, and they entered a little valley, or, as Ijmghfc say, a_ sort of hollow in tne wooclThat was very thick upon this part of the island and disappeared. 'Then for two hours we could get no news | either by eye or ear. Impatience became a j , torment. I longed and yet dreaded to hear the crackling of firearms that I might know matters had been brought to a head. At about one o'clock, feeling a little faint, I wont into the cuddy to get some wine and cake. When I got back to the poop, I saw a dark line on the beach, and when I looked through the glass I counted a procession of ton men. My heart beat so hard that I scarcely see. However I was nqthvristsken. I looked again. They were ten men and I distinguished Robert, but not the rest as 'hey trudged to the boat. ' Forgetting myself, I shrieked in my ex citement to Mr. Matthews, who was busy with some shipboard work : ' They havegot the men.' ' ' Then,' says he, ' They'll have got the gold,' striking his leg hard in a manner of marvelling. ' I had not thought of that ; but wa3 it so ! Had those three men shown Robert tho place where tho : chests' were concealed 1 The island was a dot of' land to look at, but ;i groat tomb for a few chests, and if those men chose to keep the secret of tho gold who -was to say but that we might stop a whole year hunting and probing, and thc;n sail away in tho end without the nuggets ? ' Whentheboat drew close J s'aw Cavendish,1 Johnson, and Burn among tho crowd which filled her. They jumped into the chains (as the platform on the ship's side is called) and climbed over the bulwarks, the seamen in the boat coming quickly after them. ' I had observed that the three gentlemen stared hard .(it the-.barque whilst the boat appro'abhed,^ but'I don't think they clearly knew who I was until they were on board, and then they stood as men petrified. They were white with astonishment. Never could ink convey their varying expressions of dismay and incredulity, but chiefly amazement profound and thrilling." CJohh son spoke to the Commander and they both looked at me. Johnson then whispered to Cavendish. Burn stood a little apart. 1 Cavendish looked the wickedest man you could imagine with his mean little eyes and sinister fawning expression and his. chin un shorn and his hair.fwild as the wind that had blown it. The oth'e'r, Mr. Peter Johnson, I had always rather admired for his intelligent eyes ; he was black bearded and a little bald. Oh, aunt! Such, respectable mon, you wbuld have thought, to figure in so audacious. I maysay, murderousa business! IheardRobert say, 'I shall not put you in irons, but gentle men, this is your road, and down there you wilt find a few of your old friends,' and in a moment, in obedience to a gesture, eorr.esea men ,laid -hold of- Miy Cavendish and ^Ir. Johhson'and walked'fheni out of my sight to the hatch under the break of tho poop. ' Mr. Burn was left standing just where he had spi-png from tho rail and .where thesighlf of mo "had nailed him.' Robert said, ' Step" this way. and Burn followed the Commander into th'e ' cuddy. I guessed,'; by this treatment, that he had turned informer and was heartily glad and relieved to believe it. I looked through the skylight,, and saw them talking together at the cabin table, and presently the Commander pulled out a pocket-book on a blank page of which Burnmadei ■a -skotch. -I hoard'the unfortu-' nate man ask Robert for a glass of beer and the Commander fetched a bottle and a glass from the pantry, and after Burn had drank, ho began to cry, and then he spoke of Mr. Masters. He said that he had loved Misters and abhorred Caldwell for his murder (as he called it.) Neither he nor Masters had the least suspicion that Caldwell and Davenire, with the knowledge of; the others, had brutally gagged and thr&wti; me into the sea. He and his friend, I overheard him say, were never in close sympathy with the gang. Masters died in the desire to avenge my murder, and, had he shot Caldwell, ho would have stood up a minute later to the giant Davenire. (To be xonchided next Wednesday. . j 