OnwOwr a ? 1 1sas KERRIGAN'S QJALITrY. \--.- = _ BT JANE BARLOW, i Author of " Irish Idylls." to Publiphed !j special arrangement with a Messrs. Ward, Lock j, Bowoden, Ltd. ' [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 11i CHAPTER I. TWhen it became known throughout the ce neighborhood that Martin Kerrigan had a; bought the Big House, dissatisfaction pre- Ic railed dispersedly, concentrating itself in a; the one double and one single row of roofs hi which form the nucleus of Glenore. It was ft the unpopular act of an unpopular person. s Tlere were obvious reasons why the pur. - chase, by whomsoever effectetd, should be bt generally disapproved. Thb house had so stood empty time out of mind; that is to w ,iay, only venerable people like old Juggy ca Cafrey remembered when it used to be a: now and then occupied by Sir John fo Hiutchinson, the last of his line. Since his ca death the demesne had lain practically u derelict, and to the inhabitants of Glenore ne had in some measure becomae what the con. li veniently-situated wreck has been to the mc castaways of fiction, from Robinson Crusoe st downwards. It was not, of course, a quarry tl1 for quite such varie l and appropriate or stores; still, its simpler products often, a came in happily enough. The overgrown a: shrubberies and groves, for instance, sup- w: plied b;ts of sticks," one of which some- jo times made so good a two men's load that ca its end had to be let dump down occasion- st ally on the way, while the bearer said, "Och, murder alive stop a minute there; rj: me back's entirely broke "-and this was h: no trivial matter in a place where the n nearest turf-bog is reached by a long row, h: not always accomplished without danger. p: Then a bit of grazin' for th' ould ass, or the ti; little goat, was to be come by very'Thandily w' just t'ther side of the dilapidated boundary or wall; and "musha good gracious, sorra tb the taste of a harm the crathur done except Di aitin' down the grass that Ras growin' be beyond its own len'th to loss from oear's ht end to year's end." hi At first these thrifty trespassers need to ti be kept warily within probable straying tl distance of the roadside ; but in course of tI time their owners grew less circumspect, h, until beasts were tetheredl oldly deep st doawn the lawns, an] young Joe Molloy and as Andy Gallaher once fought wildly on the w very steps of the mansion about the pus- t tnrage of their respective charges. But hi old Corny Nolan went further still, for A shortly before the sale of the property he w planted himself a tidy little patch of pots- ci toes in the slip of ground at the back of at the gate-lodge on thelough-road. This step w was admired respectfully by his neighbors, who would no doubt have in- tated it, had h not circumstances so regrettably altered. It As it was, Corny had to ruefully lift his qi crop, which had done grandly, a lIttle pre. hi maturely; for the lilac blossoms were only pi jest appeCr-in when the unwelcome news p, spread through the v~1a:=n. Seated on the p adja mnt low wall to watch Corny's 'ligging, tr neighbours opined that it was divil a much et more convenience they'd have the chanst to be gettin' cut of th' ould place now tl Kerrigan had grabbed a hould of it. He tl was the sort of man 'ui purvint the 0 bits of midges dancin' through under o: his trees, if he could have his own way. w ,nd Corny, as he stoppet at intervals to tl ha~ie the crumbling dark mould off his un ianglig bunches of delic.te brown bulls, a responded. "Ay, .s-dad, it's hi:nself's the ti pernicious ould naygur." T If anybody had asked for direct proof of o' Ke,-igan's ould nsscurliness, I doubt h whets.- his neighbour: would have made a many charges more specife than those C above quoted. though they perhaps might s have mentioned his propensity for b sitting " wid niver a word cut of him, no o mnore than if he was an ould bog-stump w stuck up on end in the corner, lookin' as ; bitter as at," But in Glcncre, as in some other placer, a person's character depends largely upon 5ie enutusand of countenance P and conversationa! ,?fts; and, moreover, t even if Kerrigan h d not been glum and silent, the fact that h had lis el for nearly 1i twenty years in Australia would have tended to make him an object of suspicion, 5 sa likely to have " took up wid the idee his n own counthry wasn't good enough for a him." P 'This.was rather hard lines, since his ex- t paktrition had ntt been by any means of e his own choosing. He had gone out loth- a fully, a dispirited lad cf eighteen, in res- c ponse to a summons from his uncle, who n was doin, well at sheep-farming, and n wanted a sutKriinate partner. This was a ch.sse not to be let slip. and hence, after 0 vainly going the raunes of the long Kerri- I gan family, thrust more than half compul- l srily upon Martin's acceptance. Appa- t ret.riy, however, he did net turn it to much i account." He never co on at all satisfac- i torilv w.th his uncle, and in a few years C parted from him on scarcely cordial terms. I \- I'll quit to-morrow." he said one e Cre-n?g. when they stood facing a sultry Lece1,Sr sunset, which threw tee sheep sha-lows in attenuated arches on the dusty grass as i!e Sock swarmed over their ii. 1 limitable ),eture, with here and there a tall, outlan'ide shapne vaulting through them; for this Irn was far up the country, 1 in the region of kangiaroos. ** More power ." sail his uncle, who was also ahort of speech, and had a slrrp-edged tempor, whetted, perhaps, by his habit of living on l'lack boiled mutton hung in a asg, and ,aed:nitelv stowet tea. And t nothing more ever r?csed between them. After this KerrigIl had a long spell of i rough e -r-iencea. ls'te luck was bad, and he learned to believe it so, which made it worse; ;man nature lha. s?l iped him ill for the manner of life he iA, Circum st~nces forced him into situations wlhich swamld not but atbund in wret.hedneSs for a san wh w:as constlitutionllly lazy and ow-s;irit'ie, who lhati novelty in places hnd p"lo.e, and whn conjoined a lack of self- suffide.cy with an incapacity for ?fnding friends, Long lonely journeys from strange station to station, where ternm porary jobs offered itard work among un familir surroundings; gincess loeaing between whles in town-s'?o?Jor, with a study of humaniir's dregs presetod as an employmnmet for hils eiure. risky exptl.rini expeditions trough doleful wastes, where the blank m'cnoto=y was only broken when privation and fati' .. risiLg to torture pitch mad te tlho 1 of "e ging on and not t daie" seem a ,ul o. ,n'. esen when ?tru'led fr mosptds.erately - these .hingsessme i'-o his life. and theJir paeirge left in t'le Uic:ry of his memory some • -tns w.lie'a ' .b-hd a, ttoo often for ais peace of niui. One in particu?.lr con rinusd to, draw hit:o ,ith a haunting faa dnation. and that not merely because it was among the last of the se?s. There was the monstrous grey-~brownF pliMn, bonnfss, track'less, almost herb~?ss, blacrkened here and there by Ipatches 4a dwarf thorn-tan-i5, as if byl 1ie shadow of a motionless clo'sd; bitt not a cLout in nl the sky, whichl tihe sun, still low, dooded ferecly. Nothing on the horizon except fsr al , c o!oss-l lump of bare crag. gro. teiuet elepha`nt-like in outline, a sort of dUlil ?!iY,?dscape ;est. Necarer, in the samns irection. gims of water, not beheld else where by the .r-veller in a parching Se (luenCe of days'_; lut here .natture hadl sies-aci another~ liihs plt Santng for the water lay in a s-+ilt tmaoe, and the leaves f the rank ,trowths lbeei' it- were " hite" 'crasaed with brine. Tiffs ?laOj Ms1 disap wonteentr had perhaps hasten'd gl5e ?0I Sof th vount man, awhose ded th Iing betwein two spmnny-tter in the. wide morning g?Lare, was the core and centre of i ,ircanfused desolation Kerritan conuld never see the figure of the live osnrade. waywern, rragged, wild-eyed, standing by in the solitayresoWtreeless5e5s tout, c.uli al tw.ys call uip-he could I t 5 an, he vcoid"uis -- lurid dissolving lo ow hi. o an c"por. ieacs thmgho?uh t this criss of his fate. It ,tun with the seomoot when young lhay. ho l- Ie?nt lna coining on more and more slowly since they pissed the mocking marsh, stumbled over. and never tried to rse again. ' Hold up there," Kei-rig:an said jocularly, " you've a good.wtay to fall," and he continued to treat the incident from a hu:norous point of view longer than one might have thoughit possible. His mouth was so dry that many of his words missed, lile the notes of a worn-out harrel-organ, whose h.tndle ever and anon turns dumbly, suppressing whole phrases of the inter mitent melody; and this had a droll effect. though I doubt that it would have amused anyone who heard him. Then he left off his jokes, and became seriously argumentative. If Day wanted to rest a bit, he had a de.1l l)tter cot:o on a trifle further to where there might be a screed of shade under the scrub there, didn't he see -yonder within a stone's throw. Hle'd no business to be sprawling in the eye of the sun, unless he'd a fancy to get up raving w.th a sunstroke. Righteous indignation came next. Day might please hims-If, and stick skulking there like a blazing fool, when he knew right well their only chance was to tramp ahead, and try for water behind the next ridge; but he needn't expect another man to throw his life away waiting for himt; by the Lord, no! Concessions, however, followed. He'd step on himself and see after the water there was some sort of a sign of a hollow away over yonder,and like enough there might he a pool-and he'd bring b.ack a bottle full; anyhow he'd come hatc, if Day would say whether that was the best plan. or would just promise to stay quiet there till he came. But Day just would not give any sl:h su?perfluous assurance. At last he threw up the game, and in rushed the hideous storm of terror, which had been howling wolfshly louder and na~r.r, expectant of that issue. If lKerriga n had attempted to dnea its cause, he would probably have ascribed it to his sense that there was not a single living creature within a hundrel miles of him. For he overlooked the f.-t that. very high up in the Itlue, two black smuts represontel a opir of pink- recked vultures, he would, I believe, have considers l their company better than none. His horror caume on him in gusts and paroxysnts, and during the lulls he was mostly wondering whether the lad there ha:d had fair play. He thought so on the whole. Could not lihe held accountable because Day, for all he stood six foot three, and to look at seemed as fine a chap as you ever clapped eyes on, was no more :it to knock about in the bush than a kid just beginning to run. It was his own notion to come on this tramp. And he had been let ride the last horse while it could go; and then he had always carri l the light pack, and he had got his share, and over and above his share of the water, as long as there was a drop, and not grudged it either, God knew; ay, hie might h re had more, and welcome, if he would have taken it. Likewise Kerrigan was quite aware that, had he made a start on his own account, a few days ago, and pushed forward at his own pace unham pered, he might now have been safe among places where people live, instead of fazing, acros(s a round or two of their careless clocks, the forlornest fate of a castaway. So there were really small grounds for the feeling of murderous remorse to which these relections still illogically led. While making them, he sometimes roved off aimlessly to a short distance, and when he looked round was always thlrille by a certainty that Day had moved, and rushed straight back, stumbling and panting, to turn cold in sight of the truth starkly gainsaying his delusion. That would le often followed by a wild outbreak of the terror-tempest, and in the height of one of these he determined to go and drink at the brine-pools, which he could yet see glistening faintly fore shortened into silver threads. It might be less lonesome to die raging mad than in one's right senses. Or he might find fresh water there after all, and then Day could have a good drink, which would soonbring him round. But in that case no time should be lost, and he was running des perately, when the sun-blaze seemed to twist about his throat a fiery-knottel cord, which choked him until he fell down head long into a hollow of booming darkness. By the time he came to life again, the un- shine had bleached into very white moonlight. which was full of strange shapes and shadows. He had been hap pened upon by a camel-mounted expedi tion, experimenting in that corner of the enormous desert, ant now groping their way back to civilisation in strastened and critic:l circumstances. However, they did not forbear to revive Kerrigan with muddy m sloloroui waler, the m·lrket value of which was just then far higher than that oi so much potable gold. As for Johnny Day, only one service could be rendered him, and this they performed despite pro test entered by some discomfited croaks and flapping of heavy wings. But a benevolent Chinaman underwent great exertion to ke, Kerrigan on the back of his uneasy-poced beast until his journey's end; and the upshot of it all was that after certain nightmare-fever weeks, Kerrigan came to himself in a Ballarat hicspital, lord of his own shaky hands, and of hittle else becsides, his other posesessions being mainly a very few shillings, and a small battered lathorn writing-case, which had belonged to Johnny Day. These, however, were seoon surprisingly augmentel,t, as about that time his laconic uncle died, much wealthier than anyone had supposed, and in a chrarcteristically brief last will and testament, named Mar tin Kerrig-n sole heir, for no particular reason except that it seemed the least troublesome thing to do. Thus it came about that Kerrigan found himself one finue morning walk?ing along a quay in Sydney, a very rich man. Not that he re. garded himself from this point of view; what struck him as the great feature in his situation, being that he was a man who could now take ship forthwith for the old country, the old life, the old people, and never leave them again. For nearly twenty years he had resolutely kept his thoughts turned out of th.at impossible channel, and4 its su.dea opening seemed to engulph them all, so that the thousands which had acruerd to him impressed him as a sort of glorified steamer-ticket. When he went to book his passage, he almost amused the bored clerk by the unnecessary vehemence of his "Single, sir single, single, thank the Almighty " in reply to an ordinary lusinase question. He had quite re covered, ye he was haunted by super Ettitous foreboding lest he should not livre through the long hot days which must pass b.fore his boat sailed, though they could be counted on the fingers of one han4. uroving small.sized presents--be had not yet realised that portability now no longer greatly concerned him-for everybody he could think of, proved the most effectual distraction, and they formed the bulk of tlhe bags-ge with which he went on board at thi tirst moment permitted. Still, despite all th:s childish bustle and eagerness. he was not laying up dis app-ointment for himself by imagining im possibilities about his return; he took precautions saint t?h.t. Msagre letters from home had kept tim apprised of such capital events as deaths and m?arriages, and ha knaw that time must have wrought other changes. His father and some of is breathren wesre gone., and the youngest i children, whom bad squeaked ' Good-bye, Martry," as the ar grated past below their perch atop of the haggard wall on that miserable March morning were irrecog nisa:ble men andi women During these few dalas Kerrigan looked at his face in the g!ass. ftener than he had done in 1ieo course of twenty years, and he saw one ssaticb was over-much furrowed - and grizzlud tir the right side of two scor. Th inference w4ich he drew from the re flection was fthait h rmouat expect to find his snother quite old and whiteb.aired, and to I meet in his elder brothers and sisters '-, si-i could not be called young. But this was a more matter of detail compared with the fIct that " these they were to be seen sand spoken to again, in the white hoouns at the end of kF rrll'a Loning. Korrigan thought he know overy inch of that townland, a very green pestoral I corner of a northern county, where the 1 country side is crumpled into soft hillocks and hollows, and where the small fields are 1 divided by tall thick hedges, which throw t their shalow halfway across the grass at t sunset, when the summer evenings are E clear. They are so often misty skied, and t there is so often rain on the air, that a t h-nd thrust among a clump of leaves It generally comes out wet, and the tree-stemsi and wallstoncs are thickly powdered with , pale yellow lichen dust. But a man, he t said to himself, might lose his way there for ever and a day without a chance of I coming on the horror of a huge glaring wilderness, which haunted his dreams, and c sometimes drew him waking into its I desolation by the memory of one piteous t grave. And high above this sense of escape, and exuherant still in spite of all the pruning s to which he hid wisely subjected them, c sprang the joyful anticipations summed up in the fact that he would be at home again. His new wealth, with its vast, c hardly tested power of making things 1 pleasant, occurred to him in this connection only as a subordinate though agreeable incident, not by any means to be set on a f level with the delight of walking once more up the narrow path along the thick privet hedge, towards the door where his mother I and "the lot of them" would meet him I saying. " Well, Marty I well man alive." r But with a cautious foresight, which r sensitive people acquire in self-defence, he t resolved to say.nothing about his fortune t until after his arrival, so that if he found himself oppressed by melancholy in the presence of household l]sses and changes, I he might shake it off the better through the excitement of announcing the good I news. That any credential of the kind f could be requisite to ensure him his welcome was a notion which naturally f never visited his mind. Accordingly he c simply wrote that he was coming home by s such and such a steamer, and hoped his r letter would find them all in good health, as it left him, thank God! which threw no t light upon his financial condition. The weeks of his homeward voyaging were probably the happiest in his life. He r travelled in the steerage, because he was alarmed at the elegance of the cabin for which he had paid, and he had reason to i congratulate himself upon his change of 1 quarters, as among the steerage passengers s he found one friendly spirit, a stout, dark eyed, south-Irish matron, bound for her I little house in Mallow with a joy matching his own. " May goodness pity them, the t unlucky poor people!" he heard her say one day in a tone of heart-felt com miseration as they passed an outward bound emigrant ship; and he so thoroughly shared the sentiment, that he ventured i into d:s ourse with her, and had some of t his gruff shyness thawed away by a genial sympathy. Thenceforth Kerrigan might I frequently be seen beside Mrs Mooney's maroon velvet bonnet and comfortable c violet and green plaid shawl, and on these I occasions the chances were that he was 1 "wearing his hearer" in the praises of Drumclogher Farm, its inmates, and general surroundings. But his good- I natured hearer wore well, and had interest, and even advice, forthcoming when con- I su!ted about the little presents, which he kept by him, and lookel at so often that their neat white wrappings or glazy card board boxes grew tumbled and thumb nmrke-l. In fact exposure to the sea air wrought so detrimentally upon an elaborate filagreed frosted silver brooch, which he destined for his youngest sister Maggie, that its tarnished aspect became quite a serious vexation to him, as his vexationsa went jusa then. CHAPTER II. sut when he walked up that narrow privet-hedged path one bright, brisk-aired, late-September afternoon, nobody was at the door, which stood closed. It was opened for him by a stupid, strange slip of a girl, who shut him into the stuffy front parlour, saying vaguely that she would " get somebody to him." This somebody, however, was so long in appearing that Kerrigan had time to think heart-sickly of wha:t amight have intervened since the date of his Last home letter, now several months old. The shadow thus conjured up blurred .way all the pleasure of meeting his brother Tom, and Tom's wife, who at last cnime in, and it made him hurry over his greetings to the question he scarcely dared ask, " And how's mother ? I suppose I'll be seeing her presently ? " " Why then haven't you heard tell? " said Tom. " She was well the time Maggie wrote," Martin said defiantly. "Och and well enough she is, for that matter, if that was all. I thought some body was after writin' you word. She's got married again-there's for you-and me poor father not a twelve month in his grave, this minute; not till after Christmas ! " " Married again ? mother married-that's great," said Martin, laughing, while about his ears clattered down the ruin of the house where he was to have spent much of his time in being very kind to her, and getting her everything she liked that money could buy. " You may call it so. And the fellow she's took-a man by the name of Carter used to be comin' here about cattle gramzn'. A big, fat lout, fit for nothin' but fuddlin' himself with whiskey. Owns all manner of property out in Queensland, if you're to believe his account; I don't. But anyway it's there they packed off to, last month; like enough your boats crossed one another somewhere." " Well, the diril's in it," said Martin. "Carder was after the bit of money father left in her own control," Tom said erplasatorily, "a thing he'd no right to have done, and that's the thanks he got for it-in six months." "And herself with a great big red poppy cocked on top of her bonnet, inserted Mrs Tom, "fit to flare the sight out of your eyes." "But as for what bewitched an old woman of her time of life," Tom went on, " to go and make such a laughing-stock of herself, I'm not offerin' an opinion." "You might then," said his wife,"for often enough, before there was any talk of such a thing happenin', I've told you to mark my words your mother was gettin' too fond of a drop; and once a body takes to that. there's no foolery need surprise you. Why,. my good gracious, the very last time they were in this room, there was neither of the pair of them that I wouldn't have said had had something stronger than egg-broth, and it not ten o'clock in the mornin'. That was the reason of my sain's, if you noticed, the key'd got lost, whpen slie passe4 a remark about the de canter of sherry-wine." There followed a long, painfnl pause, during which Kerrigan felt as if something worse than the devil were in it. When he broke it by enquiries after another brother, there seemed to be a certain fitness in the reply that Arthur had gone to the bad altogether this good while back, though his progress thither had not formed a sharply outlined incident such as are chronicled in one's correspondence. Then Mrs Tom said: "And where are you stoppin' now, Martin ?" '! Oh, last night I slept at Drogheda," he said, kith? a cpnfsed" start, " and then snd then I came on here." " Oh, we could put him up, said Tou less thorough than his wife in arrying out their preconcerted policy of letting Martin know at once that if he chose to lose his chances, and quarrel with his well-to-do relations, and come trapesing back, the Lord could tell why, or what he thought he'd get by it, it was his own affair, but he needn't suppose he was going to live on them." "In course, if it's only for a isght or tsio," Mrs Tom said, with emphasis, "a couple of the boys might sleep in the loft. there's no other way I can manage." Kerrigan sat miserably mumbling some thing about being sorry to put them out that much: IIe would have gone away at once, had not a glamour, lingering from his imaginations on the Paciflc, bewildered him ,nnL puzzlod his will. as he stared at his mother's old sampler, still hanging glazed and faded on its accustomed nail. Besides that, he could not at the moment think of any one place to set out for more than another. Also he had some wish to see his sister Maggie, and they told him that she would not conme home till late that night. So he said to himself that things might be pleasanter, somehow, in the morning. They were not, however, except in so far that Maggie. tall and twenty-three, had still the same clear grey eyes as when she was four years old, and seemed glad to see him in a shy, suppressed sort of way. Fro the rest, little Francy choked and sneezed at breakfast,whereupon his mothersaid pointedly that itwas enough to give him his death, sleeping out in the loft with a blast through it like a win. nowing machine. It was a saint's day, and she had not been able to forbear putting on her best purple merino; but she con silered it expedient to counteract this symptom of prosperity by bidding the children not to crumble and waste their bread, which the dears knew it was not so easy to fill their mouths with these times. She remarked, too, that as butter was ten prices, she would not break the second pat that morning-unless Martin would take another bit, which he declined to do. Tom had apparently forgotten all the old house hold jokes and adventures which Martin recollected most clearly, and when re minded how they had said or done this or that, would only indifferently daresay that they might. lis air was resolutely ab stract.d, and curt his speech. But when the womankind and children had gone to Mass, which naturally disposes men to talk about business matters, he en larged at great length upon the unsatis factory state of hisi own affairs. It ap peared that what with the sum he had paid for the interest in the lease when taking on the farm from his mother, and what with the sight of money going after M3.ggio next month into her convent at lBelfast, where she was to profe.s, and what with the general badness of agriculturandl pros pects, Mr Tom Kerrigan could not tell the day or the hour when he might not he making a composition of so much in the pound, and the next thing he knew, he would have a wife and half-a-dozen chil dren on his hands. HIaving thus conducted his family to the door of the workhouse, with an ostentatious parade, which was a little overdone, he turned his attention to his brother's more immeliate concerns. "And what have yous a notion of doin' now, Martin ? " he said. " You made no great things of it out there, I should suppose." " Oh, I'll rub along one way or the other," said Martin. lie felt a faint, dreary satis faction at the thought that his brother was taking all these precautions against a false alarm. As for the news of his own riches, he had not the heart to produce them. rhat whole story was now like a flower just dropped in pieces, all there still, but no longer worth looking at ; and Tom had helped to shake off the petals. The vagueness of Martin's reply rather quickenel Tom's apprehensions. "'There's California now," he said, "people h.ave great talk of the fruit-growing business. I believe there's money in it. Had they any such thing out where you were ? " " Some," said Martin. " I should suppose." said Tom, " that a man with no capital to speak of might get employment at it ready enough, if he hadl experience. You've been knockin' around a goodish bit ? " " Nigh twenty year it is," said Martin. "A nman was tellin' me ociv the other day," sail Tom. " of a party goian' out there from Queenstown next .-week, Tuesday I think he said. l Uncommon raisonable the fares were, he said. Some of theml had been askin' hilu to join. A fine chance he said it was for anyone it might suit. From Queenstown next week. I couldn't swea now whether it's Tuesd' r orn :' ,... - " I landed Thursday evenin', and here's S tturday-not two days clear," Martin slid meditatively. But Ton misconstrued the import of those calculations, and said e:ccuragingly, " You'd run down there in p'enty of time, if that was all. And any way you could be makin' enquiries. I wouldn't wonder if it was worth your while." " I wouldn't wonder," said Martin. lie had suddenly quite determined to leave Drumclogher by that night's train, not that he harboured the ghost of a plan respecting California, or any other place on the surface of the blank, unmeaning, doleful earth. One, however, occurred to him an hour or so later, when he looked out of his window and saw his sister Maggie pacing up and down in the little garden strip at the back of the house. He watched her for a while, and then went out and joined her. Maggie was reading a little old book of devotions, which made her feel as if she were back again in the long, elm-shaded nun's walk at Saint 3IMar's Convent, where, however, she would not have encountered anything resembling Martin, in his loud-patterned check suit and flaming red tie, bought because he re miembered that his mother had liked him to wear a smart one on Sundays. He had no time to spend on preliminaries, and came to the point at once, so that Maggie had scarcely broken off in the middle of her psalm, when he was saying. "Look here, Maggie, will I tell you a bit of a secret ?. D' you know I've come into a lot of money--a thundering lot. Old Uncle Francis left me every rap he'd got, and he'd made his pile something like. But what I was thinking, Maggie, is that if you haven't altogether made up your mind to this nun business, you'd maybe come along and keep house for me--anywhere you might fancy; it's all one. And as for spending, by Jingo, you might carry on like a digger with a big nugget, you might so. And supposin' there was trouble with those convent people about your breakin' your cantract, or whatever it is, why I could stump up any amount; so nerer yon mind that. I've a notion you and I'd get on together first-rate, and in the matter of money, we could live like fighting cocks." Kerrigan knew full well that he was blurting out uncouthly and roughly what he wanted to put forcibly and persuasively, but the knowledge helped him as little as it has done many other people in like case, and he ended with a conviction that he had ruined his own cause, which gives a crude bitterness to the fruit of frustration and failure. Yet in reality eloquence could have here availed him nothing. It would merely have added to his sister's discon certion by rendering less preposterously impracticable this alternative scheme suddenly held up between her and her securely mapped out future. As it was, the incongruity had a reassuring glare. How should there be any link between her destiny and that of this gaunt, harsh. featured stranger, whose grizzled, black bearded visage had only now and then a passing look which reminded her dimly of some long while ago, as his voice jarred familiar with foreign tones in his half unintelligible, slangy talk about his money. Maggie cared rather less for money than he did himself, and was heartilv weary of hearing people discourse about how much and how little of it they had. Could IMartin have known, he might as hope fully have offered her one of the glowing marigold discs out of the border at her feet in exchange for her long cherished dream of a life nestled in among quiet,.cloistered gardens, and grey walls that niched a tiny white cell, stainless and still as the chamber in a spiny horse-chest nut burr. Any proposal which seemed to seriously menace thi realisation of that dream would have struck her indeed witb sore dismay, and even now she was so ob viously shocked and startled that Martin felt almost as if he had by inadventure thrown a stone near some small; wild creature,whom he did not mean to frighten. Before she had answered, he had read in her scsrd e th f ate of hi last attempt I-.i - to pick up one strand of the old severed life ccress the chasmu of years. "Alh ! Martin. don't talk that way. Hotw could I do such a thing ? It would be just turning back at the gate of heaven," said MPrggio, with sincere solemnity, having at the moment a very clear vision of her gentle tothorly Novico Mietresa waitina thlie to hid her welcome, of sraucions hall andl corridor, where the dimmest recesses held the light and ine?;ise of thll lilies, of the serene-courtenanced sisters chanting in their choir, ilecked with ruby and ame thyst under the jewelled window-all seel through the shimmer of a mystical bridal veil. It was no wonder that talk about Eiving like fighting cocks sounded to her scarcely like human speech. " Well, well. never mind about it then, Maggie girl," sa'id Martin ; "it was no more than an idea I took up, remembering you the jolly sort of little kid you used to he in the old days. You needn't let on I ever mentioned the matter; they'd maybe 'bother you about it. And I won't nay either buit that you may he right to step in there, if you think you've got the chance; anyway, we come across plenty of the other place outside here, sa tar as I've sampled it. liit I'm off by the next train, so I'll say good-bye. And here's a bit of a sort of a shawl-brooch contrivance I got for someone else-she fancied them large-sized, I know. It's a general view of the town and har bour of Sydney, done in silver work. I don't know you would be let wear such a thing, but perhaps it might come in handy for pinning on your wings with-nuns are a kind of walking angel, as I understand." HIe went off jocosely, as suited his witti cism : but Maggie, though on the whole re lieved at his departure, watched his exit with a remorseful twinge, and for the first time glanced at his request from his own point of view. There was something in his walk, as he disappeared among the yel lowing currant bushes, that reminded her of her father; and she wished, uneasily, that Tom and Ellen had not been so stiff, and that she herself had not allowed them to silence her by their glum dumbness when she would have responded to his aesays at conversation. Iowever, she con soled herself a little by resolving that she would pray for him a great deal. Martin presently left the farm with every intention of returning thither no tmore. He neither announced nor denied that he was going rid Queenstown to Cali Tornia, and his brother and sister-in-law displayed a polite reserve about explicitly questioning him on his plans, though, from hints which they let fall, it was evident that they were strongly impressed with the advantages of emigration, especially when directed to the culture of oranges and apricots. Just before he started, he gave a bit of crumpled paler to little sneezing Francy, and the child afterwardls exhibited it to his father, observing-"" le said it was for Lard and lodgin'." But Tom Kerrigan snspped it away angrily, saying that it was only a piece of foolery, and he thrust it far back into a drawer which he seldom opened-lie would have liked to have put it in the fire. It was a ten-pound note. (To to Conlinued.) 