Tue are the prices current (wholesale; for la-upr' produce at Ker&ns; : — ertu«ter, 5 i '< 7 ; c„s)iS,to4d ; bacou, 3i D ; li corel), 4£d to 6J ; I o.ti-:, 2.; -.ii-ffT£3 10s ; potatoes, 5s per otvr ; oui ' ia. 8s ; turnips, 3b 61 ; cheese, to 5£ i. The annual inspection of the Eerang State-bClioul No 1410 was conducted last wek by Mr Tate. His report was of a very nature, and mu-t have been gratifying to -Mr. B /ssenco, the held teacher. The building ana apparatus were found clean av«d well kept. The school has passed a good examination, particularly in the higher classes, although it had suffered con siderably through frequent changes in the teachiog staff, this being particularly the case in the infant room. He recommended that pictures might be hung on the walls of the infaot room, with a view to making it attractive to the little children. The draw ing and mapping done in the school were specially commended by the inspector. The Mnrray is steadily fal ing. It is down to 9ft. 6in. above summer level at Echoes. Unless a substantial fall of rain occurs navigation moat cease in a week or two. Many of the stations on the Darlmg have not yet got their wool away. On Fiiday evening next Professor Ernest Hosking witl ' call spirits from the vasty deep" at the Mechanics', and all who wih to interview ghosts and spooks are invited by advt. in auother place to roil up on that occasion, and. have their love of the mys- eterious and supernatural gratified. Mr. Hosking brings along a reputation for smart ness in this particular lice. Ha started in Bendigo about the time when the Mrs. Heilon eensation was in full force in Sydney, aoi has since been successfully touring the colouies. In addition to his spititualistic exposures, a side-splitting, ventriloquial and muical programme is promised, together with several other novelties. Tbe local gaideus are suffering consider- , ably from insect pests. Tbe kind which is giving the most trouble is somewhat like the lady-bird, and first attacked the Pittos- porutn hedges. The grasshopper pest i> beginning to show in tbe Cohura and Gun- bow-er districts, and is likely to do con siderable damage in the irrigated portions as well as in the gardens and orchards. In the window of Messrs Yeo, Taverner and Co.; Ltd., may be seen samples of Lin. coin wool which were shorn from tbe pure bred rams exhibited at tbe late Eerang Agricultural Show by Mr. B. Eirkpatrick, of Murrabit, and for which he received first prize. The staple is from 10in. to 12in. long, silky and lustrous. These rams were bred in the district by Mr Eirkpatrick, thereby proving the suitability of this climate and pasturage to the full develop' ment of this breed of sheep, la addition to the above samples there are al60 some lambs wool, the progeny of the above- mention prize ram, aud which are aho very fine. The 1st prize ram cut 24|lbs of skirted wool, and 1st prize ewe 19£lbc. Mr L Blossage, of Eooudroik, shore the sheep and weighed the wool. The large wheit stack which has been standing at ihe railway station is fast disap pearing. The first 703 bags were sold by Mr Mahar at 4s ner bushel, the next lot bv Messrs K ing Bros at 3s lOd. The balance, the property of Mr Denyer, wonld be sent away at once at the latter price but for an unfortunate dispute which has arisen as to the price. Mr Field, the local buyer, con tends that he purchased tbis wheat (300 bags) some two mouths ago at 26 9d, whilst Mf penyer -states that -n-EUch__ sale .was effected, and cl&ims; '3s lOd per UBhel for it. The chairman cf the Cohuna Irrigation Trust (MrT. EGrd) at the last meeting of the Cohuna Trust, moved that the rates to be charged for water be double that of tbe previous year. He contended that this course would be necessary to enable the trust to meet its enagements, and pay a reasonable portion of tbe accrued interest. In tbis Mr Hird was defeated. He has since notified his intention to move ai next meeting, that ihe motion carried at last meeting be rescinded, with a -view to getting a higher rate struck. Mr Hird does not believe in constantly applying to the Go vernment for concessions. "Yc are requested to note that rabbits axe very numerous in the parish of Benj troop, especially in ihe vicinity of the State-school. Thnrsday, tbe 2 1st inst., has been appointed by the local rabbit inspector as a day for simultaneous destruction, and it is to. be hoped that special Attention will bB devoted to the locality mentioned, has commenced id the Murra- — k- fttfd ill $?g Jrrigafcd areas is bit disc.. . . gfWB gWPS also turning out fairly welL - promise a good -yield, and English now ripe, some of it already beine stripped Last week a circular was issued to the Presbyterian, Wcsleyan Methodist, Congre gational and Baptist Churches of Victoria by the bends of these denominations in Mel- bo nr.e requesting .that Sunday last, 17th inst., should be observed as a day of special prayer for rain, and it was so observed in this district and gnerall/ throughout tbe colony, Mr J. M. Sinclair, who has been appoiated general agent in condection with tbe sale and distr bution of Victorian prodacts in England, eays tbe " Age," will leave Melbourne by the Yarrawonga to-day. There will be a large consignment of frozen meat, rabbits, etc., by tbe same steamer, and Mr Sinclair will be ahle to observe tbe «ondi ions under which they are carried, and see if any fault exipt® in the system pursued. His mission on be half of the Agricultural Department is quite independent of the Agent-GeueraPs office. He will forward reports from time to tim? on the butter, fruit, trine, meat, poultry, rabbit and other industries, and at the clos? of the fruit season he will probably return te tbe colony to confer with the Minister of AcricQ'tnre as to what arrangements it is ad visable 10 make for the developmentof trade The influenza epidemic continues to rage with unabated virulence in this lecality, and the doctors are kept very busy. A number of prominent citizens are laid up with the alady, which attacks Jjoth old and young alike. Tbe first transactions in this year's wheat was effected at the Eerang Fiour Milh yes terday, when Mr Hall, the manager, par chased on sample from Mr H. King 330 bags of mallee wheat, to be delivered within a fortnight, at 3s 8d per busb._JTheame i vesjy fair. muctt|»tw st&'ioa for the following consignees : — Foster, Bifle Club, Stewart, Joe. Gadusch. J Cadusch, Roberts, Nottingham Bros., Bennett, Lindsay, Hikely, O'Donnell, Fow ler, Murphy, Cullen, Adams and Co., Clarke, Hawthorne, Parolo, W"ilkin, Widdup and Stott. Parcels — Westblade, M. Bennett, W. Williams, J. Cadusch, Vistarini, Leathart, C. B. Jones, Norman. Sadler, W. C. Riley, H- Welsh, H. Dole,- Murphy Bros., G. Adams and Co. In another column Mr C. B. Eempson, surveyor, of Eerang, informs the public that he is prepared to execute all orders which may be entrusted to him in the line of taking levels, making surveys, and laying out irrigation works. Mr Eempson has had considerable experience in connection with several irrigation truBts in this district dur iug the past five years. The present dry eeaisoa is feeing the attention of our agri culturists to the necessity of making prepar ations to more generally avail themselves of irrigation, and Mr Eempson should find his services in much request. The Crown Law department (says the Age) has receded from tbe position at first takeo up by it in insisting that the whole onus of proving the charges made by Mr W. J. Lor- mer, J. P., should be saddled on that gentle man. The Solicitor-General has notified Mr Lormer that the assistance of counsel will be 'given him before the board. It was intended to have briefed Sir Bryan CTLogh- leu, but Mr Lormer pointed out that while he has no personal feeling (in thepmatter, he would for political reasons prefer that Sir Bryan should not be retained to assist hm The Crown Law department has formulated 18 charges for the board to investigate. These charges have been collated from Mr Lormer'e correspondence with the depart ment, but Mr Lormer pointfd out that some of the charges have been incorrectly" set out and that ethers ate incomplete," and poime i out that his correspnuden e with the depart, ment contains ample evidence in support of th; three allegations made by him from tbe DLtrict Court bench, viz.: — I, miscarriage of justice; 2, bench, packing ; -3. objection to a certain honorary magistrate sitting on the bench. Mr Lormer has asked the Soitcl- tor-trenerat to remit W'-e tnree cuarges to the board of inquiry. It is sot improbable that the special board to investigate this matter will be appointed early this week. A novel proposal, so far asjthe land policy of the colony is concerned, was (vrites the " Argus1') brought before the Assembly -on Thursday while the Mallee Land6 Bill was under discussion. Mr M'Coll moved a new clause for the protection of the homesteads of selectors by prohibiting ihe dwelling and a SJ3&U; area surrounding it from being seize 1 and sold for debt. This was the law in Canada and the United States, and had, he ad led, been recently alopted in New S iuth Wales. It would make a radical change by keeping people on the land, a they would not be deprived of their home?- in case of insolvency, though they might lose tha remainder of their selection. It would also protect the wife and family of a farmer who was a gambler or a drunkard, as the home they had helped to build up would be retained tor their benefit. He con sidered that if lhi6 had been the rale years ago more of the original selectors would now be on the land. The Minister of Lands, while sympathising with the proposal, thought it should not be made applicable only to the mallee, and therefore counselled its with drawal pending the matter being enquired into by aselecfcconmittee or by the Govern ment during the recess, with the view to legislation ext session. Although the proposition was received with iavor |by many members, it was withdrawn on the j assurance that the Government would con sider it. 