SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Doctor's Wife/ 1 "Thou art the Mao,"&o.; CHAPTER IX. 80 GBEW JIT OWN SMALL LIFE COMPLETE. After the incident of that Sept -mber night there was no longer the shadow of doubt in Allan's mind as to the relations between his father and the lady ot Oisoombe Manor. That •they liad known eaoh other and loved each other in their youth he was now folly convinced. This last Btrange act of Mrs. Wornock's was to hie mind the strongest link 'in tbe chain of evidence. Whatever the rela- ; tions between them had been, guilty or innocent —and fondly as he loved his father, he feared there had been guilt in that association—it was his duty to present any meeting between them, lest tbe mere eight of that pale, spiritual 'face with itB singular yonthfulnees of expression, should reawaken in his father's breast some faint ghost of the passion that had lived and died a quarter of a century ago. Nor did his respect for hiB ioneot-minded, trustful- hearted mother permit him to tolerate theideaof friendly in teroonrse between her and this mysterious rival from the shadow-land of -vanished years. He took care, therefore, to discourage any idea of visiting the Manor; and he carefully avoided any further talk of ' Mrs. Wornock, lest his father's closer questioning should bring about the disclosure of her identity. His father's manner, when the Jady was first discussed, had shown him very dearly that the desnription of her gifts and fancies coincided with the memory of some one known in the past; but it had been also clear that neither the name of Wornoek nor the lady's position at Discombe had any association for Mr. Carew. If he had known and loved .her in tbe past, he had known and loved her' before she married old Geoffrey Wornock. Hie anxiety upon his father's account was epeedily set at rest, for Mr. Carew, after exploring his son's small and strictly popular f library, where among rows of handsomely bound standard workt there were praatically DO books which appealed to the scholar's •taste, soon Wearied of unstudious ease, and announced a stern necessity f<jr going to . London, where a certain defunct Hebrew %eholar ; s library, lay and ecclesiastical, was to ' be sold at Hodgson's. He would put up for a few days at the old-fashioned hotel which he B|KD' UBED BINCE he was an undergraduate, potter about lamong the bookshops, look up ' some referenoes he wanted in the Museum reading-room, and meet his wife at Liverpool , etreet on her way home. r,'"- Lady Emily, absorbed in her son and her i son's love affair, agreed most amiably to this arrangement. ! "Telegraph your day and hour for return -ing when you have bought all the books you Vwant,"she said. "lam afraid you Gpend ' more money on those dreadful old books, whioh nobody ia-Suffolk oares a straw about, than 2 doon my farm, whioh people come to eee from fat and wide." *' And a great nuisance your admirers are, Emily. I am very glad the Suffolk people are ; Jsio book-lovers; and I hope you will never . lupt to-anybody that my books are worth seeing." . , "I could not aay anything BO untrue. Your shelves are full of horrors. Now Allan's -library here is really delightful—" Blackwood's Magazine," from tbe beginning, •Madaulay, Scott, DiokenB, Thackeray, : Bulwer, Lever, Marryat, and all of them so handsomely bound. I think my brother shotted excellent t&Bte; in literature, though I -apubt if he ever read much. But as yon .seem happier, in your library than'anywhere . rise, X suppose one must • forgive you for spending a,fortune on books that don't in- .yfcerest anybody else. And one oan't help f-ijiBipg.a little bit proud of your scholarship." And so they kissed and parted, with the impassioned; kiss of marriage which has never .meant more than affectionate friendship. >>3jiidyjEmily stood at the hall door while her ^tiBbahd droveoff to the station, and then ; .turned gaily to her Boa, and said— "Now, Allan, I am yours to command. Let Sine see as -much as possible of thatsweetyoung •'Idling yon are in love with. Shall we go and on her thie afternoon? She lias a white oat Whioh may some day provide her with kitfcens tb distribute among her friends, and. if eo, I am to have one to bring up by hand ; I did Snowdrop. Ton remember Snow- -atop?" Allan kissed his mother before he answered, but not for Snowdrop's-sake. ~ * t have a vague recollection of something iTvhite and fluffy hanging to the skirt of your I'fgovm that I used to tread npon." i. .-• VYes. you were horrid. You very nearly g&lalled; him. ShaU we go 'flefcfee, please, please, mother dearest. I Sl>sn ready this instant. Three o'clock. ' We "1-jgeti there at half-past,'and if we loiter looking at white kittens or the mother of the ^potential kittens till balf- past 4sbe will give I us tea, and We can make an afternoon of it." \- "Hadn't I better put on a bonnet, Allan !" ^"Jfo, no. You will go in your, bat, 'just as JJlyon are. You will treat her without the ti'tKghtea t oere mony—treat her as your daughter. JDo yon know, mother, I am uncommonly glad .sou never honoured me with a sister." "Why, Allan?" , 'Because, if I marry Suzette, she will be i your only daughter. There will be no one to be jealous of her, in Suffolk or here." .". V What a foolish fanoy! Well, give me a daughter as soon as you like. I am getting |f old, Allan, and your father's secluded habits -leave me very often alone. His books are more bis oompanions than I am" • -" Ah, but you know how he loves you, vjnotber, "interrupted Allan. .They were on their way . to the gate by this itf me, Lady Emily in her travelling-hat and Idostj tan gloveB, just us she had been going latent the gardens and meadows inthemorn- ' big, Alias twirling his atiok in very gladness of heart. . [-if -They.were going to her. If she were out, -they would go and find her; at her aunt's, at -tbe. Vicarage, on thelinka yonder;, any where _' but at Discombe. He hoped she had not gone v> to Discombe. 'Yes, he is fond of me, I believe, in his own way. There never was a better husband," • -Lady Emily answered, thoughtfully. " But I know. Allan ! I know J" "What, mother?" " I know that I was not bis first love—that there 1B something wanting in his life, and 1 always must be till the end. I should brood over it all, perhaps, Allan, and end by making ayeelf very unhappy, if it were not. for my , farm; but all-those living creatures occupy ay mind. .One living fox terrier is worth a ' .Whole picture gallery." SuzBtte was at home. The aftermath had 4seen out in the meadow in front of Marsh House a somewhat swampy piece of ground at some seasons, but tolerably dry just now, after a hot summer. Suzette and Bessie Edgefield were tosBicg the scented grass in the afternoon sunshine, and fancying themselves E aseful haymakers. They threw down their hayforks at the approach of visitors, and there was no more work done that day. They all satin the garden talking, or-wandered about among the flowers in a casual way, and while •J Bessie and Lady Emily were looking at the contents of the old greenhouse Allan found -hiirself alone with Suzette in a long gravel walk on the other aide of the lawn-like \- meadow, along the length of which there was a broad border filled with old - fashioned perennials that had been growing: and epreadintr, and multiplying themselves for half a ' century. A row of old medlar and hazel trees sheltered this border from the north wind and bid the boundary fence. "Dear old garden!" cried Allen. "How much nioer an old garden is than a new • one." 'I hope you do not mean to disparage your garden at Beechhurat. Our gardener is •always complaining of the ^>ld age of all „ /things here. Everything ie worn out. The T-, trees, the shrubs, the frames, the greenhouse. •One ought to begin again from the very ^beginning, he says. He would be charmed • with Beeohhurat, where all things are so neat , and trim." 'Cockney trimnens. I'm afraid, but if you are satisfied with it—if you think it nob altogether a bad garden" '"J think it a delightful garden," said 'Suzette; blushing at that word "satisfied," which implied so much. " I am glad of that,'* said Allan, with a j: deep sigh of content, as if some solemn question had been sottled. "And you like f my mother?" " Vpry much indeed. But how you skip from the garden to Lady Emily." • "And you approve of the Mandarinroom ?" -.. "It is one of the handsomest rooms I ever saw." "Then take them, Suzette," he cried eagerly, with his arm round her vroist, draw- • ing the slim figure to his breast, raiding and , dominating her by force of will and strength of anp, smiling down at her with adoring eyes. "Have them, dearest! Mother, garden, room—they are all your own, for .they u»long to your very slave. They are at your ,feet, as I am." _ \ , "Do you call this being at my feet?" she .asked, setting herself suddenly free, with a • joyous laugh. "You have a very impertinent way of offering your cif ts. !I "Not impertinent—only desperate. I re- 's numbered my repulse of the other day, and I swore to myself that I would hold you in my arms—once, at least, if only once, even if you • were to banish me into outer darkness the . next moment—and I have done it, and I am ~Klad ! But you won't banish me, will you, jSuzette? You must needs know how I love you—how long and patiently I have loved you"—— " Long ! patiently! Why, we only met at , midsummer." " Ah, consider the age that every day on -whioh I do not eee you has seemed to me," and •j A the time would hardly, come within your jpovers ofcomEU tation. Suzette. be merciful! 5ay you love me, were it ever BO little. Were it only a love like a grain of mustard-seed, I know it would grow into a wide and spreading tree by-and-by, and all the days of my life would be happy under its ehelter." " You would think me curiously inconsistent if I owned to loving you after what I said the other day," faltered duzette, looking down at the flowers. "I should think you adorable." She was only seriouB for a moment, and then her natural gaiety prevailed. "Do you know thafcmyaunt lectured me severely when I confessed to having refused your flattering offer ?" " Did she reaiiy? How utterly sweet of her. After that you cannot refuse me again. Your aunt wouldshutyou upand feed you upon bread and water, as fathers and mothers used to do with rebellious daughters in the eighteenth century," " I hardly think she would treat me quite so ferociously for saying ' No ;" but I think she would be pleased if I were to say ' Yes.'" "And tfjfct means yes, my love, mv own !" he cried yf a rapture so swif c and sudden that he had clasped her to his breast and snatched the kiss of betrothal before she could check his impulsiveness. " You are my very own," be said, "and I am the happiest man in SnRland. Yes, the happiest—did I eav in England ? What a contemptible notion ! I cannot conceive the idea that anywhere upon this earth there beats a human heart s6 full of gladness as mine. Snzette, Suzette, Suzette," he repeated tenderly with a kiss for eaoh comma. " What a whirlwind you are!" she remonstrated. "And what a rag you are making of my frock. Oh, Allan, how you have hurried me into this! And even now I am not q .lite sure" "Youare sure that I adore you! What more need my wife be sure of? Oh, my darling, I have 6een wedlock where no love is— only affection aud trustfulness aud kindly feeling—all the domestic virtuen with love left oat! Dearest, such a union is like a picture to the colour-blind, like music to the stonedeaf, like a landscape without sunlight. There is nothing in this world like love, and nothing can-make up for love when love is wanting." " And nothing can make up for love when love is wanting," repeated Suzette, suddenly serious. "Oh, Allan ! what if I am not sure? —if I doubt my own feelings ?" V But you can's doubt. My dearest, I am reaoine the signs and tokens of love in those eloquent eyes, in those sensitive lips, while you are talking of doubt. There » no one else, is there, Suzette?" he asked, with auiok earnestness. " No one in the past whose imaee comes between you and me ?" " No one, no one." "In all your Indian experiences?" " No one." " Then I am more than satisfied. And how let UB go and tell my mother. She has been waiting for a daughter ever since I was born; and, behold, at last I am giving her one, the sweetest her heart could desire." Suzette submitted, and walked by his side in silence while he went in search of Lady Emily, whom he finally discovered in the poultry-yard with Bessie Edgefield. Allan's elated air and. Suzeite's blushes were a sufficient indication of what had happened ; and when mother and son had clasped hands and looked at each other there was no need for words. Lady Emily took the girl to her heart and kiBsed her. "I hope your father will be pleased, Suzette." "I don't think he will be sorry." "And I know Mrs. Mo.rnington will be glad. Allan has her consent in advance." " Anntie is a very silly woman," Baid Suzette, laughingly. And then she had to endure Bessie Edgefield's congratulations, whiph were of the boisterous kind. - Of course you will let me be bridesmaid," Bhe said, with that vulgar, practical view of things which wounds the sensitiveness of the newly betrothed almost as much as an estimate from a furniture dealer, or a circular from an insurance office. CHAPTER X. "OUB DREA1IS rCESBE oca DEAD, AND DO NOT FIND." Miss Vincent's engagement met with everybody's approval, with the one exception of the marriageable young ladies of the neighbourhood, who thought that Allan Carew had made a foolish choice, and might certainly have done better for himself. What good could oome of marrying a girl who was neither English nor Frenoh ; who had been educated in a Parisian convent, and who drove to Salisbury every Sunday moraine to hear mass ? "What uncomfortable Sundays tbey will have," one of these young ladies remarked to Beseie EdgefieH ; "and then how horrid for him to have a wife of a different creed. They are sure to quarrel about religion. Isn't the vicar dreadfully shocked?" " My father is rather sorry that Mr. Carew should marry a Roman Catholic. Thsre is always the fear that he might go over to Rome" "Of course. He is sure to do that. It will be the only way to stop the quarrelling. She will make him a pervert." Mrs. Mornington, on the other hand, flattered hereelf that, by her marriage with a member of the English Church, her niece would be brought to see the errors of Rome, and would very soon make her appearance in the family pew beside her husband. Lady Emily cherished the same hope, since, although a less ardent Churchwoman than Mrs. Mornington, she believed in Anglicanism as the surest road to salvation, and she dwelt also upon the difficulties that might arise byand-by about the poor dear children, talking of those potential beings as if they were already on the scene. Here General Vincent tried to reassure the anxious mother. "I have talked to your eon," he said, "and he is willing that it shall be with him and Suzette as it was with her dear mother and m9. If there are children, the sons are to follow the father's religion, the daughters their mother's." Well, I suppose that kind of compromise is best, though no Soman priestwill approve of it. And then there is the sad idea of the brothers and sisters being separated by -their antagonistic opinions. I hope Suzette will oome round to our way of thinking." "I doubt it very much. She is as firm as a rock." r iDear girl. She is so young, and there is plenty of time. 7 ' While other people were thinking about these things for him, Allan had no room for thought of any kind, unless fond meditation upon the image of the girl he loved could be dignified by the name of thought. For Allan life was a perpetual ecstacy. To be with Suzette in her own home, at the Grove, on the links, anywhere; to be with her was all he needed for his bliss. For hiB sake his mother bad prolonged her stay at Beechhurst in order that the tiro young people might be together in the house where they were to live as man and wife. It was Allan's delight to make Suzette familiar with her future home. He wanted her to feel that this was the house in which she was to live; that under her father's roof she was no longer at home; that her books, the multifarious trifles and prettinesses which her girlhood had accumulated, micht as well be transferred at onoe to the sunny, bcw-windowed upstairs room which was to be her den. It was now a plainly furnished, matter-or-fact morning room, a room in wii'ch the admiral had acted the fussy futilities of his unoooupied life. The mantelpieoe, which had been built up with shelves and artful cupboards for the accommodation of the admiral's cigars, would serve excellently to set off Sazette's zoologicalchma, her Dresden pigs, and rats, aud lobsters, and pigs, and rabbits, her morsels ni silver, and scraps of wrousht copper would adorn the shelves, and all her little odds aud ends and never-to-be-finished bits of fancy work would be neatly stowed away in cupboards. " But won't you want those dear little cubbybouses for your own cigars?"asked Suzette. " It seems too cruel to rob you of your uncWs snuggery. I've no doubt you smoke just as much as the admiral." "Not ciirars. My humble pipe and pouch can stow themselves away anywhere, I only smoke oigars out hunting, aud I keep a box or two in the saddle-room for handiness. No, this is to be your room, Suzette. When are you going to briug the Dresden bow-wows, and the elephants, and mice, aud lobsters, and donkeys—all about of a size, by-the-way ?" "Oh, 1 could not possibly spire them," Suzette answered quickly, making for the door. Tbey had come in to look at the room, and for Suzette to give opinion as to the colour and style of the new papering. It was to be a Morris paper, although that would entail new carpet and curtains, and a complete revolution as to colouring. "Spare them !" echoed Allan, detaining her. " Who wants you to spare them ? When will you bring them with you? When are you ccminir to take possession of the house, which is no home for me until you are the mistress of it? This was by no means the first time the question had been asked. Aeain and ncain had Allan pleaded that his marriage might be sofcn. There was no reason why ho should wait for bis wife. His position was established, his house was ready ; a house as well found as that flagship had been on whose quarter-deck the admiral had moved as a kin?. Why should he vsaiS? He could never love his future wife more desrly than he loved her now. All the framework of his life would bo out of gear till he had brought her home to the house which seamed joyless and empty for want of her. " When is it to be, Suzette? When am I to be completely happy ?" " What! are you not happy, par example ? s Yon talked about overwhelming happiness when I said ' Yes.'" It s attI t "That was<tke promise of happiness. lifted me to the skies; but it was only thB promise. I am pining for the realization. I want you all to myself—to have and to hold for ever and ever; beside my hearth ; interwoven with mv life; mine always and always: no longer a bright, capricious spirit, glancing about me likea gleam of sunshine, andVanishing like tbe sunbeam: but a woman—my very own—of one mind and of one heart with me. Suzette, if you love me, you will not s;>in out the time of d roams ; you will give yourself to me really and for ever." There was an earnestness in his tone that seared her. The blushes faded from her cheeks, and she looked at him pale and startled, and sudden tears ruehed to her eyes. "Yousaid you would give me time,"she ' faltered ; " time to know you better—to ba certain." And then recovering her gaiety in an instant—"Now, Allan, it is too bad of you. Did £ not tell you chat I would not be married till my oae- and-twentieth birthday ? Why do you tease me to alter the datu ? Surely you don't want to marry an infant." " And your birthday will ba on the twentythird of June," said Ailan, rather sullenly. "Nearly a year from now." "Nearly a year from October to Juae! What odd ideas you have about arithmetic. And now T must run aud find Lady Emily. We are going to drive to Morton Towers together." Allan made way for her to pass, and followed her downstairs, vexed and disheartened. His mother was to leave him next day; uiid then there would be one house the Ie6s in which he and Suzette could meet—the house whioh was to be their home. He had not visited Mrs. Wornock since her nocturnal perambulation, and he had prevented his mother paying her a second visit, although the hope of a white peacook and a certain interest in the widow's personality had made Lady Emily anxious to call at the Manor. Allan had found reasons for putting off any such call, without saying one disparaging word about the lady. He had heard of Mrs. Wornoclc from Suzette, who reproached him for go:ng no more to DiscotaVe. "I did not know you were so fickie," tliti Baid. "I really think you have behaved abominably to poor Mrs. Wornock. She is alwavs asking me why you don't go to see her; and I am tired of inventing excuses." Suzotte was at the Manor every other day. Mrs. Wornoek was teaching her to play the orrfan. "Is it not sweet of her?" she asked Allan. "And though I don't suppose she ever gave any one a lesson in her life till shebecan to teach me, she has the teaching gift in a marked degree. I love to learn of her. I can play some simple things of Haydn's not altogether badly. Perhaps you will da me the honour to come and hear me some day, when I have got a little further." "I will go to hear you to-morrow, if I may." "What! Then you have no objection to Discombe in the abstract, though you have cut poor Mrs. Wornock for the last six weeks V" " I was BO much oocupied with my mother." " And your mo char wanted badly to call upon Mrs. Wornock, and yon always put a stumbling-block in her way. But I am happy to say Lady Emily is to have the white parcook all the same. She is t6 have a pair of birds. I have taken oare of that." "Like a good and thoughtful daughter." When Allan came back from the station, after seeing hiB mother safely seated in the London train, he found a letter from Mrs. Wornock on the hall table—a hand-delivered letter which had just arrived. It was brief and to the point. " Why have you deserted me Allan? Have I unconsciously offended you, or is t'uera no room in your heart for friendship as well as love ? I hear of your happiness from Suzette; but I want to see vou and your sweetheart roaming about the gardens here as in the old days, before you were engaged lovers. Now that Lady Emily is leaving Beechhurst, you will have time to spare for me." The letter seemed a reproach, and he felt that he deserved to be reproached by her. How kind she had been, how sympathetic, how interested in his love-story ; and what an ingrate he must appear in her eyes. He did not wait for th9 following morning and the mueic lesson, lest Mrs. Wornock should think he went to Discombe only ou Suzette's acoount. He set out immediately after reading that reproachful little letter, and walked through the laneB and oopses to the Manor House. It waB 4 o'clock jvhen he arrived, and Mrs. Warnock was at home and alone. The swelling tones of that wonderful organ answered bis question on the threshold. No beginner oould play with that broad, strong touch, which gave grandeur to the simple phrases of an Agnus Dei by Palestrina. She started up as Allan was announced, end went quickly to meet him, giving him both her hands. S; "This is so good of you," she exclaimed. "Then you are not offended, and you have, forgiven me?" " My dear Mrs. Wornock, why should I be offended? I have received nothing but kindness "from you." "I thought you might be angry with me fcrj refusing the invitation to jour luncheon^ party. "It would have been very impertinent of me to be angrj', when I know what a recluse you aTe." " lb is a month since you were here—a whole calendar month. Why didn't you bring Lady Emily to see me? But perhaps she did not wish to oome. Was that so?" "No, Mrs. Wornock," he. answered ooldly. "Sly mother wished to call upon you." " And you prevented her?" "YBB." ' "Why did you do that?" *' Dare I be frank with you ?'' v ' "Yes, yes, yes ! You canaet be too frank. I love you, Allan. Always remember that. You are to me as a second son." Her warmth startled and eoared him. E:s face flushed hotly, and he stood before her in mate embarrassment. If the secret of the past was indeed the guilty secret which he had suspsoted, there was utterahamelassness in this speech of hers. "Allan, why are you BO silent?" " Because there are some things that can hardly be said ; least of ell by a man of my age to a woman of yours." "There is nothing that you can say to me, Allan, about myself or my regard "for you, that can brine a blush to my face or to yonrs. There is nothing in my life of which I need be ashamed in your sight or in the sight of my 6on." "Forgive me, forgive me, if my secret thoughts hare sometimes wronged you. There has been so much to surprise and mystify me. Your agitation on hearing my father's name; your painful embarrassment when I brought my mother here; and Inst, and most of all, your secret visit to Beechhurst when my father was there." " What! you know of that ?" ' "Yea; I saw your face at the open window, looking in at him." She clasped her hands, and there were tears in her eyes. "Yes," she faltered, after a silence of some mcments, "I was looking at the face I had not seen for nearly thirty years—the face that looked at me like a chobt from the past, and had no knowledee of me, no c.iro for me. I knew that he could not be dead. 1 have sought for him in the spirit world, again and again aud again, in long days and nights of waiting, in my dreams, in long, far-reaching thoughts that have carried my soul away from the dull earth; but there was r.o answer—not a thought, not a breath nut of that unseen world where my spirit would have touchc-d his had he died while he was young, and while ho still loved me. But he lived, and grew.oid like me, and found a new love, and so we ere as wide apart as if we-had never/mat. I stood in the darkness outside your window for nearly an hour, looking at him, listening to his voioe when he spoke—the dear, kind voice. That waB not changed;" " It iB true, then ? You knew and loved my father years ago ?" *' Yes, knew him and loved him, and would have been his wife if it had been hio happiness to marry me. Thiuk of that, Allan, I was to have been his wife, and I gave him up for his own pake." "Why did you do that? Why should you not havo married him?" " Because I was only a poor girl, and he was a gentleman—the only eon of a rich widow, and his mother would never have forgiven him for such a marriage. I knew nothing of that when ho asked me to be his wife. I only knew that we loved each other truly and dearly. But just before the day that was to have be«n our weddirse- day hi«mothercame to me and to'.d me that if I persisted in marry ins him I 6hould ba the bane of his life. It. would bo social extinction tor him to marrw me. Social extinction ! I remember those words, thougrh I hardly knnw then what tliay meant. I was not eighteen, Allan, ^nd I kii6w less of the world than many childrta of eiehc. But I did not cive up my happiness without a struggle. There was strong persuasion brought to bear upon me, and at last I yielded for his sake." "And hiightea his life," exclaimed Allan. "My mother is the bestof women and the best of wives ; but I havo always Imown that my father's marriage was a loveless marriage. Well," he went on, recoveries himself quickly, apprehensive leet he should cheapen his mother's position by revealing too much, *' you acted generously, and no doubt for the best, in making that sacrifice, and all has worked round well. You married a good man \ and secured a position of more importance than my father's smaller means oouid have given yea." "Position! means!" she repeated iu bitterest scorn. "Ob, Allan, don't think so poorly of me as to suppose that ii was Sir. Wornock's wealth which attracted me. I married him because he was kind and sympathetic and wod to ma in my loneliness—a pupil at a German conservatoire, living wiJh people who only eared for me to the extent of the money that was paid for my board and lodging, aud who wore a'w&ys; aying bard things to kjb faasa-jis shey hnd to take me so cheaply—too cheaply, they said. I ussd to feel as if I were cheaticsT them whea I sat at their wretched meals, anil I was thankful that I had a wretched an peite," " You were cruelly used, dear Mrs. Wornock. I can just remembsc mv prand mother, and I know she was a hard woman. She had no rieht to interfere v.-ith her son's disposal of his life." "No, she had no right. If I had known even as much of the world as I know now, when Miss Mar jorum—Mrs. Beresford's messenger—came to me 1 would have acted differently. I know now that a gentleman need not be ashamed of marrying a penniless •girl if there is nothing against her but poverty.; but then I believed what Miss Marjorum told ma, believed that I should biiirht the life of the man who loved me with such generous self-sacrificing love. Why should he alone be generous, and I selfish and indifferent to his welfare ?" "But bow did he suffer you to sacrifice yourself at his mother's bidding?" " He bad no power to stop me. It was all settled without his knowledge. I hope "he was not very sorry—dear, dear George, so eeuerous, eo true, so noble. Oh, how I have loved him all my life, all my life. My husband knew that I bad no heart to cive him. that I could bo his obedient wife, but that I could never love him as I had loved" Again her sobs choked her speech. She threw herself into a chair sad abandoned herself to that passionate grief. " Dear Mrs. Wornock, forgive me for reviving these sorrowful memories. I was wrong; I ought not to have spoken" "No, no, there is nothing to forgive. It does me good to talk of the past—with you, Allaa, with you, cot with any one else. And now you know vrtiy my heart wont out to you from tho first. Why, you are to me almost as a son —almost as deor as my own son—and your future wife as my daughter. It does me (tood to talk to you of that time—so long and Ion™ age; it does me good to talk of my dead splf. -*E have never forgotten. The pist has always been dearer to me than anything in this life th3t came afterwards." "I do nob thiuk my father has forgotten any more than you have, Mrs. Wornock. I know that there has always been a cloud over his life—the shadow of one sad memory. I have felt and understood this without knowing whenoe the shadow came." "He was too trueheartod to forget easily," Mre. Wornoek said gently, "and we were both eo young. I was his first love as he was mine. Aud when a first love is pure andstrong as ours wan it must be first and last, must it not, Allan?" " Yes."heanswered, half doubtfully, remem bering certain sketchy loves of his own, and hoping that they could hardlv be ranked as love, so that he might believe that his passion for Suzette was essentially the first—essentially. if not actually. "No, I have never forgotten," Mrs. Wornock repeated musingly, seating herself at the piano, and softly touching the notes now _ and then, playing a few bars of pensive melody sol to voce as she talked, now a phrase from an adagio of Beethoven's —now a resolution from a prelude by Bach, dropping gravely down into the bass with softly repetitive phrases, from piano to pianissimo, melting into Bilence like a sigh. "No, I have never forgoten — and I have suffered from the pains as we'l as the pleasures •of memory. Bsfore my son was born, and after, there was a long interval of darkness when I lived 6nly in the past, when the shadows of the past were more real to me than the living things of the present, when my husband's face WAS dim and unreal, and that dear face from the past was always near me, with,the kind smile that comforted me in my desolate youth. Yes, I loved him, Allan, loved him, and gave him up., for his own sake. And now you tell me my sacrifice was useless, th<it, even with the wife his mother chose for him, the kind good wife, be has not been altogether happy." " HiB life has been placid, studious, kindly, and useful. It may be that he was best fitted for that calm, secluded life—it may bB that if you had taken the mors natural and the more selfish course—and in so doing parted him for ever from his mother, who was a proud woman, capable of life- long resentment—it maybe that remorse might have blighted his life, and that even your love would not have cocsoied him under- t&a; conviction that he had broken his mother's heart. I know that, after her strong-minded masterful fashion, elie adored him. He was all she had in this world to love or care for; and it is quite possible that s» lasting quarrel with him might have killed her. Dear Mrs. Wornock, pray do not think that your sacrifice was altogether in vain. No such self-surrender as that-can be without some good fruit. I do ( not pretend to be a holy person, but .1 do o believe in the power of goodness. And, consider, "de&r; friend, your life has not been ill a o Ainhappy. You had a kind and good husbariS." "Good ! He was more than good, and for t over a year of our married life I was a burden to liim. He TO an exile from the home be R loved, for my sake—for me, who ought to have brightenedTislome'fcrhrm? " But that was only a dark interval," said Allan, remembering what Mrs. Mornineton had told him, of the Jong'&sidenceat; Grindelwald, and the birth of tho beir in that remote Bpot. "There were happier days afterwards." i a T h t w "Yes, we had a few peaceful years here, before death took hi in from me, and while our bov was growing in strength and beauty." "And in these long'years of widowhood musi?. has been your comforter. In your devotion to art you have lived the hignor life." "Yes," she answered, with an inspired lopk, striking a triumphant chord, "music has been my comforter—music has conjured back my dead father, my lost lover, jilusij has been my life and my hope." 