CHAPTEE XVHX UXFOSHIB. Thou for my sake at Allah's shrine. And I at any god:s for taine. — Mooek. Lord Allardyce was early astir the cext morning. Whatever he knew of Dolores 2ueta was between himself and his ownheait But ber face had been haunting him nH night, its dark beauty had been before him both, waking and sleeping under all sort* of ' aspects, and he woke feverish and uarefreshed. ** I wish I bad known nothing aboat it f* be said, to himself. 'I ?would stop it if I could, andj^et Paul Challis is not the man to marry such a woman with bis eyes open. What shape has she *«l'-n to entrap ttrmt I wonder? I vouldsave him if I could, but it is too late' Ho knew but little of Paul ChaUis They had met and known each other as men become acquainted in the whirl of London gsyoty, but their tastes diCered. Captain, Chafiia van not a man who cared for balls or parties, and his mother was escort enough for Lucy, so that be was only seen with them on rare oc casions. Lord Allardyce!, too, bad moved in a rather different set until be bad met- the capitvating Lucy — a set with more wealth at command than the modest means of Mrs. Chftllis could vie with, and- Which, with great good sense, she kept aloof from. Since her widowhood, now many a year ago, she had kept to a resolve ehe made as soon as she knew exactly what hor means would be. She bad entered into nottiing pleasurable or otherwise that she could not thoroughly afford, and by -JA» ¥n««wg.«li« had contrived al wayB to teep her position, and to be well respected. She would not accept invit ations to houses whose owners were far above ber in rank and ?wealth. She -was sot going to have Lucy's bead turned, she said, by gayety tiat she could only enjoy for a tame. a - Perhaps she carried her notions e litfl^ too f^r Her old friends said sh did, and prophesied that her charming ^fffp^p-liljjr would be dooitned tx- ^^^«h qq. seen for ever if she did not angle a liltie moxe of a husband for 'her. To those who expressed the opinions, and there was not many who presumed so far Mrs. ChaUis laughed, and said their was plesty of time, and Lucy declared her self that she was quite content to wait, snd wnflET']? statement, which *npA** her you friends and fellow candidates for the honours of matrimony «hi«fc- sne must be aUttie cracked. Wait! Plenty of tine! and Lucy Challis was turned twenty. Whatever could ehe be think ing of?' . Nothing but ?pmsterhood could pos siblybetiw fate of anyone with such dreadful notions, they thought. But they were all TniBfafrpn. The husband bad come without any angling for, and file girl was willing to wait had secured liie greatest match of tbe season. It 'was at a garden ^arty given by an old friend of Mrs. ChaUis atone of the prettiest houses Chiswich tbat Lucy met Lord Allardyce. She never gave a thought to bis riches or position. She only knew that the day brightened whenhe was 'Dear, and darkened when be W' T1*'^'^ 'nil rtinfc after A irhilft tAin began to look out for him wherever she went. Mrs. ChaUis grew alarmed least he should be playing with her daughters feelings, for she knew from Lucy herself that she liked him very wim-ti. But shews* not long left in doubt Lord Allardyce spoke out in a very few weeks tJt f|jp *W*t ''»'«T»g Mian ghjJIii^ mt& hor heart was set st rest. She -went to bed on the night -rf Paul's departure, feeling much less sorrowful than she badan tacroited. 'If only this women makes him a good wife,** she thought, to herself, ' I «tfc«31 imn'hpftwrjtnlinn'fr.iwtiAiTTiy^ltiT^rgm I almost Wish Lucy had not told Lord Allardyce, but I suppose it will not matter, he need not know everything' Lucy bad confessed to baying .told ber lover that Paul was going to be married and when. ** Should I not have done it, imimih. ¥' she asked. ** It will be known after to morrow, of course.*' 'And it will be all over before his lordship is out of bed, most likely,' Mrs. Challis said, with a sigh. Itcan be of no consequence now. Paul wished it kept secret that nobody might be there. Poor Paul! I only hope be may never regret having anything to conceal in tibe matter. It seems bard that we may not eee him married.** Tfl hadn't him to keep away, I would see it,' said Lucy. 'Oh, don't put on tliat imploring face,' mamma. Fni not going to do anything so dread fuL' Lucy woke, snd looked at her watch the *»'j? morning — a pretty little watch a gift from ber brother. 'Nine o'clock I' she said to herself. ' Dear Paul! I wonder if it is all over.' ' And she fell to wondering what ber own wedding would be like, and whether Paul would be there to give her away, with that splendid dark-eyed woman by his side. And then she went off into a hazy dream of white satin and bridal finery till she vent to sleep again, and slept till ber maid roused her with the intelligence that breakfast would be ready in a quarter of an honr. ? Lord Allardyce bad been up and star ring a long lame before Lucy opened Her eyes. His valet was disgusted beyond measure at being roused and ordered to prepare a cup of cofiee at half-past seven. He was accustomed to all sorts of vagaries on his master's part; but early rising was not usually one his lordship's- cccentricn^es. F*» was ex cessively respectful, which was always bis manner when aggrieved, and exceed ingly slow to boot. 'Do make baste!' Lord Allardyce eaid. 'And for heaven's sake dont look as is either of us were geing to be hung. I want to get out as quickly as possible.*' 'Very good, mylord»' was tbe im perturable reply, and then he was Blower than «ver, »»»Vw-g Mb master \oM framtin with impatience. At tbe corner of the street in which was the liltie church Captian ChaUis bad chosen, Lord Allardyce can up against a gentleman who was looking about him in some apparent indecision. 'I beg yon pardon,' he said. ** I beg yours,' tbe other returned. ?&B; fault ?was mine. I was looking for Sut perhaps you can direct me. Use church of St. Benedictinthe KeJd.** ' It is in tius street. Tes, this is Aytoun-street, I thought it was. lam bound for'St Benedict's myself.' 'That's an odd coincidence. Are yon going to see a -wedding?' ' Yes. I should know you. Am I not speaking to Doctor-Courtney 9' 'You are! Bui yon have the advan tage of me. ' I daresay you c'»n't remember me. I was only a youngster; but I was sure I recognized you. We met at Aldershot about six years ago. Do you remember bandaging up a sprained ankle for me out in the Long Valley there P lhad been playing ell sorts of antics with a lot of fellows there attd came to grief.' *? To be sure I do,' *id Dr. Courtney, Turing out is band. ' Lord Allsrdyce, is it not?' 'The same. I was not Lord Allar dyce thea, though. I wonder I did not lwwiV something in that tumble.' 'So do I. It was as wfld a frolic as ever a lad of your years indulged in. I am glad we have met again, my lord.' * So em X. I owe it to you -that I have not been lame era since. Doctor Courtesy. Ibis must be the church. Are you come to see Captain Chaftis married F* Dr. Conrtney looked looted surprised as be sodded bis ?cquiesceno*- ' I thought it was a profound secret, - ' he said. I know the captain meant it it to be.' ' I only heard it Lite last night. I don't think he will be angry when he hears where I obtained my information. Poor fellow.' ' You know the circumstances then ?' 'No. I am puzzled beyond measure to think how on earth Captain Challis could have made the acquaintance of the — the lady he is going to marry-' ' You know her, then ?' *? I had that honor. I am not am bitions to renew it.' ' Do you know anything that would stop this most mad marriage 7' asked tbe doctor, laying his hand on the young man's arm, and looking eagerly into his face ; ?* if you do, speak out— if I did I would Fhout it in the church rather than see him leave it her husband.' ' You know her, then, and dislike her?' ' I can hardly say I know her, but I distrust ber. I don't believe she is a fit wife for a good man, and Captain Challis is one, in spite of his blind folly concerning her.' ' No, I don't,' the young man said, with a thoughtful face. ' I know quite enough concerning her to deter any man from making her his wife, if he were not blindly in love and could be reasoned with like a sensible creature. But all I know of Dolores Zueta, spoken at such an moment as this, would most likely prompt Captain ChaUis to call me a liar, and deem ber the most injur ed of human creatures to have such tilings said of her.' ' Then you know of no legal bar, nothing that can be urged in that way r' There was a visible hesitation in tbe young man's manner, and he paused a moment before he answered. ' No, I don't— in £act, I know ther is none, and for any other it is too Lite to work.' They were close to the church door, and the clergyman's voice could be dis tinctly heard. It was a small building, a little unpretending church, nxid it seemed bnt a short way front the door to the alter. The stree was empty, ex cept for a few early tradespeople, and so forth, who were going their rounds, and there was no one inside the buBding save the little group at the alter. The clergyman, the bride, and the bride groom, with the clerk and pew-opener for witnesses, were all who riiade up the ;. bridal party of the fastidious Captain '.. Paul ChaUis. ' ' Those whom God hath joined to gether let no man put asunder.' The words caine distinctly to the \- open door where the two now stood .; Waning Then the lower spoken e; words of prayer, and then a little r lower — ? 'I pronounce that they be.msn and wife togetherin the name of the Father, the Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen !' ' It is too late to speak now,' Lord _ Allardyce said, gravely. ' Whatever anyone knows they must keep to them selves for all time.' ' Yes, whatever she is, she is a good man's wife now,' Dr. Courtney said. ' It can't be undone. Are you going to stay and see them come out, my lord F' ' Yes. I was' to make quite sure that I am not mistaken. Tell me bow be came to know Ler — that is. if you know, doctor.' ' I do know. I -nish I didn't. I have a strange presentiment that evil will come of it, niy lord, somehow.' They strolled up and down the pave ment, talking quietly, while the wed ding party went into the vestry to sign their names, and Dr. Courtney told his companion the story of how Dolores Zucta came to tbe barracks, and how Captain Challis had been like a man bewitched ever since. ' She is very lovely,' he said. 'There is no denying that, but there is no truth in her face.' ' Or in her heart,' the young man re plied. Poor Challis ! He will roe this day; but we must be silent, doctor. She is bis wife now.' ' It is no business of mine,' Dr. Courtneysaid. ''Only that I like Challis, and I hate to see a man go headlong to the dogs for a worthless woman. Do you . know that ht-. Has jilted the loveliest women on the earth for the sake of this creature, picked out of the gutters, as it were?' ' IhavB,heard of and seen Miss Dain tree,' bis lordship replied, with a quite smile. ' I can't quite endorse your opinion of her, doctor.' ' Indeed !' _ No, I don't ttink her quite the love lie' woman in tbe world. She is very handsome, but two much in tbe style of a marble statue to be very lovable. I daresay, issue had had a little more life in ber, Chailis would never have turned away from to this bit of Spanish loveliness. They are coming out, I think.' They were, and tbe fact stopped Dr. Courtney's reply anent Miss Daintree and her loveliness. To him the earth held nothing so lovely, and the defect ion of Paul ChaJlis, though it made him angry with bis friend, raised him to a blissful heaven of hope on his .own ac count, and one day the statuesque maiden might listen to words of love from bint. Paul Chailis little thought, as he turned away from the altar with his bride upon bis arm, that anyone was waiting to see them. Dr. Courtney bad found out where the wedding was to be quite by accident, and certain ly Lord Allerdyce was the very last man he would have expected to see there. His heart was besting with a tumult of happiness and delight as lie emerged from tne vestry with his wife upon his arm after signing their names in the register. Be could think of nothing but that she was bis wife, his very own ; nothing but death could part them. No one could come between them now. Her glorious beauty was his, and they were going to start upon their journey of life together, and travel into unknown regions of ucallayed bliss together. The two watching them outside saw nothing in bis face but his usual calm, impafigjveexpression ; in ber's it seemed to both of them that they could read exultation and triumph. Maybe they were mistaken; anyway, she looked radiantly beautiful. She had contrived a toilet which, without being bridal, was sufficiently bright and festive to enhance T»»r beauty to the utmost, end her eye was -moist and her cheek flushed, es became a bride. Suddenly ber eye caught the forms of the two etanding in the doorway. ' Look ! look !' she grasped. ' My darling, it is only Bcctor Court ney,** Captain Challis said, ' and ? Why, it's Lord AHardvcel T«cr or my mother must have played the traitor. Why, Dolores !' He might well exclaim, for his bride, giving a low, gasping groan, would have fallen fainting at his feet, but that his arr '.old her up. 