can anybody tell us? . Who is Green ? Which is Allsop's choice for Oaulfield Cap? What has become of Governor Hamp den? If Megson will be beaten to-day at> Adelaide ? What the pnblic are going to do about Mrs. Dean ? Why Queensland should send her female lepers to Sydney ? Why Farkos should bo resurrected from his political grave ? What will beat Solanum to-day in the Toorak Handicap ? Who will be the winner of the St. Albans Estate on the 24th. Whether Wallace is better than Chal lenger for the Derby ? What effect the Dean case will ultimately have on party politics P Whether Sydney has really escaped the r horror of a Chinese cabby P . ; Whether the Federal party is conducting ( its operations on party lines ? ; Whother we shall get the usual surprise to-day in the Caulfield Stakes ? When mining on private property will be placed on a Satisfactory basis ? How much start Jim Stanbury could give Harding in a three mile race ? What will become of the Parliamentary query re Sir William Windeyer ? Whether chemists are allowed to give away poison without restriction P Whether there is a cyclist in Australia fast enough to down Zimmerman P What proportion of the Sydney unem ployed hail from the other colonies P Why apologies " inbig type " are so often necessary on the part of the routine Press P Whether Wallace is another Carbine, or only the ghost of his celebrated ancestor ? If there is a better youngster than the thousand-guinea Coil in the Maribyrnong Plate P How it is that the town is full of liars, who lie boldly one day and admit it the next ? Why something more useful than forest- thinning is not fonnd for the unemployed to do ? When the Transit Commissioners will dp something to lessen the noise in Sydney streets? Whether coffee royal contains more alcohol than the average temperance beverage ? . How long since the Legislative Assembly : became less sober than the average tem perance lodge? Whether the drawer of Wallace will want to soratch him for the Derby because hois favorite ? Why some reproductive or permanent works are not found on which to employ the unemployed ? . What Melbourne would do in these- dull times without its .annual influx of Mel bourne Cup visitors ? What induced Sir John Laokey to follow. Sir Joseph Abbott's lead in regard to the scope of tho taxation Bills P What ought to be done with the people who continually start the query, " What do you think of the ?" Whether the solution of the Dean mystery will discourago public sympathy for really innocent persons P If it is usual for the viscera of deceased patients in country hospitals to be divided up amongst tho local doctors ? Whether Creme d'Or is good enough to again set down the St. Albans elect, as he did in tho Sires' Produce Stakes ? Why tho consultation promoters don't advertise their little goes as friendly sooiety lotteries and oscnpo prosecution ? If the people who freeze on to the news papers in the School of Arts for hours at a stretcn belong to tho genuine unem ployed? 