LADY KILPATEICK, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. A TALE OF TO-DAY. BY ROBERT BUCHANAN. Author ot "God and the Man." "The Tryat of Arranmore," "Shadow of the Sword," etc. CHAPTER VI.— THE MEETING IN THE GRAVEYARD. That same night, a cold, round moon was shining on the old, graveyard, where the people of ICilpatrlok had for many genera tions burled their dead; a place of green ana grassy graves, wun nere ana mere a simple cross of stone or wood. It was a lonely place, a lonely hour,, and with the rising moon came a chilly night wind, steal ing from grave> to grave, and lifting tbe grass upon them as a cold hand might lift tbe hair of human heads. The silence of the spot was broken by the sound ot a slow but firm footstep ap proaching along the winding pathway that led to the village. A tall woman, with a shawl about her head, and clad In a mate rial so dark as to pass for black in tbe moonlight, entered the graveyard, and stood looking toward the height on which the Castle stood. She looked long and earnest ly before she spoke. "It's the time I named." sho murmured, in a deep, inward sounding voice. "Will he come, I wonder? Maybe he'll think It's an idle message, and never guess who sent It, for he thinks me dead and gone long years ago. ' I must speak with him, and hdar tidings of my hoy. Oh, saints In hea ven, that know the achings of a mother's heart, ye've given me strength to hear my trouble all these years — give mo strength now, and pity the walteness that brought me here, maybe to get a glimpse of my dar ling son." She leaned against a ragged, wind-blown tree, with her forehead supported on her arm; then, sliding to the ground, bent her head in prayer, an appeal of which only an occasional word could have been heard- by any chance listener, though tbe fervor ot her application shook ber whole body with a passionate tremor. She was so lost for the. moment to all sense of her surround ings that a loud and cheerful whistle, com ing along the path she had herself travelled but a few minutes previous, fell unheeded on her ear, and the grave-digger, returning for his pick and shovel, was close upon -her boforo she recognised his presence. She rose with a start, and the sudden ness of her apparition made the Intruder's music stop with a ludicrous suddenness. "Musha!" he cried. "What's that, at all? 'TIs a woman. Bedad, I took ye for a ghost." "I'm flesh and blood, like yourself," she answered. "But why were ye kneeling there?" he asked, still fearfully. "I was only saying a prayer," she an swered. "A mighty quare place to say your prayers in." said the grave-digger, crossing himself. "Unless," he added, as an after thought, and more gently, "ye've any kith or kin lying here." "No," said tho woman, "I am a stran ger." "Well, good luck t'yo, whoever y'are," said the grave-digger. "I'll just get tho pick and the spado, and lave ye to your de votions." He jumped Into an open grave at a little distance. "I can finish this In tho morning," he added, to himself. "An other two feet '11 do It." "Who's to be burled thero?" she asked, as he clambered out with his tools In his hand. "A poor colleen that kilt herself for love. Leastways, she drowned herself, hut wint out of her mind first, to make sure of Christian burial. Are ye livin' hereabouts, my woman?" "Yes," she answered. "I've a lodging down at the old mill." "Musha!" said tho grave- digger, "that's a lonesome place." "Tho more fit, maybe," she answered, "for a lonesome woman." "Will ye he' going now?" aslced the man, looking at her, with some anxiety. "Presently," she answered. "Sure, I'm doing no harm." "Sorra the bit," he said; "but I'm think ing that there's not many women — nor men ayther, for that matter — who'd care to walk this graveyard at night, seeln' that It's haunted. Well, tastes differ, and so good luck t'ye." "And good luck to you,'"jthe woman answered. r Tho man shouldered his tools, and went off, resuming his Interrupted whistle. The woman looked anxiously down tho road." "It's past the time I named,'' sho said to herself, "aud no sign of him yet." She walked to the low wall which separ ated the graveyard from the road, and stood there, watching so keenly that the sound of a footstep approaching from the opposite side of tho churchyard failed to wake her attention. Tho unseen passenger, who was no otbor than Mr. Feagus, return ing .homewards after a wettish evening with a client beyond tile village, caught sight o £ her tall, gaunt figure, clearly outlined against the-'pale flood of moonlight which deluged tho sky. "Who's that, now?" he asked himself with a start. "A woman or a taiscli? A Christian soul or an ugly spirit? Wake mo soul to glory, I'm sorry I took this road, for it's lonesome for a lawyer with loug arrears of conscience to make up; and faith, here's another of 'cm coming the way I kem myself. No. 'tis a man this time, a living man, bless the saints! I'll step along with him for company. Am I dhrunk or dreamin'? 'TIs that ould omad- baum, Peebles, the Steward! 'Tis mighty quare! What can bring a quiet man like that down here at night toime? Be jab bers! If it's an assignation with that fay- male. The ould rascal; I'll keep out of his way, and watch what he's afther." He slid cautiously over the wall, and established himself in the shadow of a grave mound, just as Peebles' lean figure emerged Into clear moonlight. Tho. old man paused at the wicket gate. "I saw someone here — I'd swear till It, and noo there's no sign of any living thing. Lord save us, It's a gTUesome place. Well, gruesome or no gruesome, I'll e'en see it through. She's there!" he exclaimed, catching sight of the woman's . figure. "Ahem! Was't you, lass, that sent the message to Mr. Peebles?" The woman, turned with a start. "At last!" she cried.. "Thank God!" "Good e'en t'ye, whoever ye are,"- said Peebles. "I'm here at your service, though I ken little enough what It is ye want, o' me. 'Twas of Moya Macartney ye wanted to speak — the puir lassie that died lang syne." "Of Moya Macartney, sure enough," ans wered' the woman. "But she never died. Slio's alive this day, and nearer than ye think." "Guide us!" exclaimed Peebles. "Ye say she's leevlug! Moya Macartney leeving?" The woman turned her free to the moon light, aud let her shawl which had hidden It fall hack upon her shoulders. The old man crept nearer, peering on her with a look of compact expectation, incredulity, aud a touch of superstitious horror. The faco was white, thin, and wrinkled, but yet retained vestiges of a beauty, which must jerforce have been great to withstand the ravages of time. The great black eyes dv,'elt on Peebles' face, the thin lips mur- mued a name which struck on bis aston ished oars like a veritable echo from tho gravo. "Moya!" he cried, "Moya Macartney? No! It can't be!" "It Is, sir," said Moya. "I'm Moya Mac artney. Old and grey now, Mr. Peebles, but the same colleen ye knew once in Iten- mare." The hidden listener raised his bead cau tiously above the grave-mound. "Saints preserve us!" he muttered, and taking advantage of Peebles' wonder and consternation, crept from grave to gravo nearer him and his companion. "Meeracle of meeracles!" cried the old man. He extended a trembling hand, and took that which Moya held out in answer. It was as real and warmer and steadier than his own. "Ay! ye're flesh and -blood; but — what does It mean?" "Sure, It's a long story," said Moya, "but I'll tell it ye in as few words as I can. When I left my child and went away broken-hearted. I little thought to live ano ther day; hut my courage failed me, and I feared to faco my Maker beforo my time. I lived on. unknown and far away. But I heard news from time to time of my son. I knew that ho was growing up happy, and Ignorant, thank God, of his mother's shame." "Puir lass!" said Peebles. "Puir lass! And it's been for his own sako that ye've held aloof from him all these years — never shown your faco or spoke a word!" "Sure, why should I? 'Twas enough for me to think that maybe, when bo thought that I was dead, my lord's heart might be turned to the poor friendless boy, and that he might crape Into his father's heart and earn his love. I said to myself a thousand timos, 'God bless him! I'll never disgrace him. He shall never learn that his poor mother's still living on this weary earth.' " "But ye've come at last, Moya," said Peebles, wiping his eyes, "ye've come at last to " "Only to hear of his happiness — only, maybo, to get one glimpse -of his face. Oh, sir, if I could do that same, I'd die happy, for tho heaviness of years is on me, and I've not long to live. Speak to me! Tell me of him! Is he well and happy?" "Woel!" repeated Peebles. "Ay, lie's weel enough. Happy? Ay, he's as happy as maist folk, for it's a wearyln' world." He paused, looking pityingly at Moya, and then resumed in a hesitating manner. "I've news for ye that I fear will not he over welcome to ye. "Twas only yesterday ho learned tho truth. Ho found oot that Lord Kllpatrlelc was his father, and with that, puir lad, he shook the dust from his feet andl fled away from his father's house." "My God!" cried Moya. "But who tould him? Not you, sure?" "I?" cried Peebles. "I, that ha'e guard ed the secret those eighteen years, and bur dened mo conscience in endless lees for the puir lad's sake and yours! But ye're distraught, puir creature, and sma" wonder. No, no, Moya! Ho was taunted wl' his birth by a wicked whelp— Ills cousin, Rich ard Conseltino's son, and a' came oot." "And then?" cried Moya. "My lord begged him to stay, offored to make hlra his lawful heir, but ho refused the siller and cursed his father In his mother's name. Ah, don't freet, woman, or I'll bo freeting too! Your name's deepest in the lad's heart, and first upon his lips." "God bless him!" sobbed the heartbroken mother. "But what shall I do? "What shall I do?" "Let mo take yo to him," said Peebles. "Eh, lass, but tho boy's heart will leap for joy to know you're alive." "No!" said Moya, shrinking hack. "No. no! Let things bo as they are. It's bet- thor, far betthor that he should think me dead. Alive, I shall only shame him morel Just let me see him, let me look into his eves and hear his voice — 'tis all I ask ot heaven, and I'll go back to where I carao from, and never trouble him again. At thiit moment, a3 if in answer to tho Impassioned prayer of tho lonely lifeart, a voice rose at a hundred yards distance. Peebles started at the sound. "Tho" I lave thee Cor ever, my darling, nnd go Thine Imago shall haunt me in sunshine and L!ke"thc light ot a star shining over the foam. Thy faco shall go with me wherever I roam. "Lord save us!" cried Peebles. '"Tis himself." "Who?" cried Moya, wildly. "Desmond? My son?" "Aye! your sou Desmond. "Wbeest wo man! He's coming this way." "Though waves roll between us, sweet star of my love, Thv voice calls unto me Desmond's voice rose again as he spoke, nearer and more distinct. "Mr. Peebles!" ho cried, pausing in his song to scrutinise his old friend's figure in the moonlight. "It's late for you to be out here among the graves. "Who's that with ye?" , Peebles hesitated. Moya touched him lightly on the arm. "It's Just a puir peasant body. She 3 strange to these parts, and was asking the way." Moya had gathered her shawl about her face again, and a sob broke from her. sure sne s m trouuie. uuuc, pityingly. ' "Yes, sor," said Moya conquering her self. "I'm in bitter trouble. And by the same token there's trouble in your heart; too." "In mine?" said Desmond, forcing a laugh, not very successfully. "Ye favor one I used to know," said Moya. "Will yo tell me your name?" "My name?" said Desmond, hesitatingly. "Well. why. not? My name's Desmond Macartney." "Desmond Macartney!" the woman re peated. "I'll not forget It. Sure I'd once a boy of me own, as swate to look upon as yourself. It's proud your mother should be of such a son." "My mother is dead," said Desmond. "Sho died long ago — when I was but -a child. Good night t'ye, and God help ye through your trouble." "Where are you going, Desmond?" aslced Peebles. "To the farm yonder; they'll put me up for the night." "Walt for me there to-morrow. I must see ye." "I'll wait," said Desmond. Ho looked again at Moya, who was crying unres- strainedly. "Poor soul," he said. "She seems to have heavy grief." "She has," said Peebles. "She's lost all the folk she loves." "Like me," said Desmond. "Well, well!'. "Though I lave thee for ever," he began singing again as he turned away, till in terrupted by the stranger's voice. "Sir, Mr. Desmond !" . cried the woman suddenly, ."they say that the blessing o' one broken heart may help to heal the trouble of another. Will ye kneel down in the holy place and take a poor creature's blessing?" "Sure," said Desmond, "it's only one blessing In the whole world that I seek, and that I can never have — the blessing of my own dead mother." "Maybe It might come through me. I'm a mother, too." . "Humor her, laddie," said Peebles, gently. "Humor, her. Her sorrow'3 great." , Desmond took off his cap and knelt with bent head. It seemed long before the voice broke the solemn stillness, but when at last it was audible it was strangely firm. "May the lord watch over ye. now and for ever! May the mouth of the mother that hore ye spake through me, and bring ye happiness, health, and peace! May your clays be long in the land, till you're old and grey like me. But, oh, may ye never know my trouble or lose what I have lost. Amen! Amen." "And may God bless you!" said Des mond, rising, deeply touched by the so lemn words and the deep rich voice which had spoken them. "And now." said Moya. "will ye let a poor crathure kiss your forehead, for the sake of her own son that she'll never see again?" She took his head between her hands and pressed her lips to his brow in a long embrace. "The Lord be with you, Desmond Macartney."- With no other word, she turned and left the graveyard, Peebles following her after a hasty reminder to Desmond of their en gagement for the morrow. It was not till some minutes later, when Desmond's voice rase again on the air at a considerable distance that Feagus 'rose to his feet. ' "Milla muriher!" he said softly to. him self. "But this bates cockfighting. Moya Macartney alive! And what would my lord anl Mr: Conseltlne say to that. I wonder?" (To be continued.) 