Miss Margaret ; Finey, a Victorian aotreea aad elocutionist, la now In Mary borough, Inform as that she will give a pabllc recital in about a fortnight'* time, nf selections from A. Lin^ay Gjidon, Tenoyeoo, Biete Harts, E. P. Willie, snd other standard poete and authors. Miss Fluey will be assisted by a few local amateurs, so tbat an attractive programme should be drawn up. Mr. J. C. Bain, assisted by um^teursi gave another entertainment in the Town Hall last night. Tbe audience was h very small one, but Mr. Biin kept thone pre* seut thoroughly amused with bis very clever oomic Ringing and character ac lug, and stamped hlmeelf es a comedian of ibe first class. At the Bundaberg Police Court on Monday, Thomas Trevor, a storekeeper, charged with supplying liquor to kanakas, was fined £25, professional costs £4 4s., witnesses expenses £2 5s , to be recovered by levy and distress, in default three months' imprisonment. The trial took place at Berlin on a Saturday of a woman named Franck, the j wife of a locksmith, who was charged I with the murder of ber children, a boy of s three and a girl of three monihs. Tbe t woman quietly ooofes^d ber crime, and i told tbe following ntory : — I married in e 1891\. I bad previously contracted a t painful disease, and tbe thought of U - made me wretched, especially as I saw I that cay unhappy children were also I infected witb it. I bad repeatedly to go . to the hospital with them, aod I myself i nearly went blind. Those were dreadful i days tbat I bad to puss through, when I i saw witb horror tbat my uew-born child I bad not escaped tbe disease, aud people told me fearful things of tbe nuff^rlngs of such p lor cbiMreo. I bad to go to the i oculist witb tbe child, and was obliged to see what agonies it eadured. Tbe night before tbe deed I wept a great deal, aod kept thinking bow dreadfully unhappy I was, and how unhappy I bad made my whole family. When my husband awoke iu tbe morning and weut to bis work, be comforted me, and I never thought, of dying tbeu. But as I lay dozing, I thought. * rf you seek death, all your sufferings will be at an end.' I could nr-t get rid af tbis idea, however I foogbt against it.' Tbe accused Mated tbe details of b*r crime in a voice choked with sobs. She put her children to bed, after giving tbem rum and miik to drink. She then closed tbe doors and windows, aod placed some coals in a pail and set fire to them. The effects of the poisonous gas were soon noticeaole. Tbe baby began to wbimper. Tbe mother quieted it. and watched it till ir ajoa HoaH Tim boy showed greater power of resistauce, but finally succumbed also. Tn tbe after noon, about four, tbe neigbboars were auraoted by the smoke issuing through the cracks in tbe door. When the room was entered tbe children lay de^d in bed. Tbe mother was insensible on the floor, but was restored. Before tbe deeu tbe woman bad written a farewell letter to her husband, and added some words of love from ber children, ^guiding tbeir bands while they signed tbeir names. Tbe poor woman was acquitted. The American Association for the advancement of Science (a society similar to our British Association) met at Spring field the week before last, and discussing a paper read before it on 11 The Growth of Great Cities,' tbe Boston Herald says that the author places tbe population of Chicago twenty-five years beuce at a figure which will make it secood only to London, and suggests tbat its pheno menal rate of iucrease may even Jen&ble; I it to oatcb it up witb tbe British metropolis in the course of four decades. Chloago's estimated population in 1920 is 7,797,600, over 1, W0, 000 ahead of New York, which is credited with 6,337.500 at tbac date. London comes first with 8,344,000. The population of tbree other great European cities for 1920 is estimated at 3,808,586 for Paris, with Berlin close after with 3,422,221, and St Petersburg witb 1.470,833. Vienna will, of courap, also cut a great figure. At tbe present rate of p ogre.is Rome and Madrid will also be very large cities; while British centres like GUsgow and Manchester wilt be far along lo the million lint, Ou tbis C^ntiueni perhaps tbe same m*y be pre dicted for the City of Mexico, und. with a greater approach to a certainty, for Buenos Ayres iu South America. In Australia, Sydney and Melbourne will probably take similar rank; while Japau's advauoetoa position among the world's Great Powers wiJi naturally make a very grvat centre of Tokio. Don't be so matter-of*fac^ writes a correspondent. You give us a delightful Halesoweo photographic ghost story, aod theu yon destroy tbe romance of it all by telling us that, after all, tbe whole tblng is but ' tbe result of unaccountable reflec tions produced upon photographing glass 1' Rubbish 1 One of our best known London photographers tbe otber day showed me a photograph which bad been taken a few weeks previously, which represented a a elderly gentleman, minus bis legs, poor dear, seated in bis own arm chair, in bis own bouse in bis own country. Now, there is nothing extra ordinary In tbis, you will Bay. Wait a moment. The photographer went to the house during the absence of tbe family, and took a phoiograph of tbe empty study. When the photo, was developed, tu bis astonishment tbere sat tbe master of tbe bouse in tbe arm cbair as I bavt des cribed, but minus his legs Two days after tbere came a letter to say tbat the old gentleman had died that very hour in a far-off wateriog-place of dropsy in the legs, I think it wac. I weil remem ber Mr. Stead telliDg me of someone — it may have been be himself— photograph- ing in an ancient cburcb, and when tbe plate was developed tbere distinctly was tbe figure of a med:esval monk, hooded and cowled. How about your c- unac countable reflections' now ? — Daily Chronicle. The Bradford Ob8orvert prompted by tbe discussion which baa beeu going oo in tbe columns of (be Westminster Gazette as to whether tbe Royal Family are Eogllsb, bas directed Its attention to a side issue, Does tbe Royal Family speak English? It was a misfortune for tbe Queen tuat ber mother, tbe Duchess of Kent, knew very little English, aud tbat consequently during tbe Qaeen's youtb German was the family laoguagt. So it bas continued in tbe Queen'sown family, where German, and German only, Is spoken. It was tbe native language botb of tbe Queen and tbe Prlooe Consorr, and it uaturall/ therefore became tbe language of the Royal Family in their private aod personal Intercourse. English bas io tbe main been tbe family language of tbe Priuce of Wales's household, though pven at Sandringbam it is still spoken wltt, somewhat of a foreign accent. Tbe Duke of York bas bettered the. example of bis fatber. English, aud Eogllsb only, is spoken io ble family, and it is even said tbat tbe Duke himself is uy uu uie&ua; a ujaaver ut ueiuuu. m any rate, bis Is the first Royal household in tbe direct lioe of succession since tbe time of William IV. in which English is tbe family language. 