C OUTLETS IN TWO INSTALMENTS. THE DISAPPEARANCE OF MARTIN FENWICK, ST Dick Donovan, Author of " In tho Grip of tho Law," " Trucked to Doom," &o.; Ait, Queensland Rionw Rxsbbved. Tho bello of the London season of 18 — was boyond all doubt Mrs. Gwendoline Fenwiok, a young and singularly handaomo lady, whoso ago was little more than a qmirter of a century Her position was a somewhat extraordinary ono, us it was not quito acrtain whothcr sho was a wife or a widow. For a oonsidorablo timo thero hail appeared in all tho London dailies, as well as some bf the country Ones, und also in many foreign papers, tho following udvortisomont - "£500 REWARD. — This reward will be paid to anyone who cun furnish information nf tho present whorciibouts of Martin Augustus Reginald Fenwiok, if living, or if dead to any one who onn produce undoniabln proof of his d ntli. Tho following 1b a description of tho ssid Martin Augustus Reginald Fenwiok : Ago about sixty two or throe, sullnw oomploxion, small bluo oyes, Boant gray hair and board ; height flvo foot Bix : walks with n BtbOp ; very gontloraotily In uppoaranco : small hands and foot; drosses with great tasto and noutnoss ; has a largo and prominent sear on tho left sido of tho lieok and shoulder, tho result of a sword out : manner vary reserved, with a preoccupied air. Is addiotea to the uso of opium. Address Henson, Borthwiob, and Notharsoll, solicitors, 10 King's Bonuh Walk, Taraple, London." Tho Martin Fenwiok hero ndvertisod for was tho huBband of Gwondolino Fonwiok. Ho had most mysteriously disappeared about a year bofnro, and in spite of extensive advertising and tho offer of flvo hundred pounds reward, not a trooo of him had boon obtained. After a yoar'e seclusion liis wife Or widow reappeared in soolotv. Sho hod previously been woll known in London as tho hnndsomo girl wifo of "Old Fenwiok," and for long had been A oontro of attraotion. Her husband, who had formerly hold u commission in tho army, and had distinguished himsolf as a soldier, being soveroly wounded in tho nock, while on notivo sorvico in China, wur known to bo a vory wealthy man. Ho hftd boon married twico befnre, but had had no issue. His third marringoeaused much nstonishm- nt. No one know anything nt all about tho lady, but the faot that sho was his wife was a pass port for her into tho vory best ranks of Kooiety ; for Fonwiok was wealthy, and ho onjnycd tlio intimate acquaintance of sumo very high people in tho land. Thcroforo tho snoiis and Mammon worshippors wore rcudy to prostrate themselves at tho feet of his radiantly beautiful brldo ; and though no doubt uonsidornble curiosity was ex pressed to know whonco she cnino mid who slio was, this ouriosity was nut allowed to intrudo itself iinpleasnntly. Gwendoline Fonwiok was beautiful, sho was young, she was rinh, lior husband had made nor so, for it wuu rumoured that lie lmd settlod a very handsome fortuno upon her. She gave grand receptions anil parties, and though thero was an unanimity of opinion that hor education was not as perfeot as it might be, she was voted clover, with a natural wit, and a powor of fenoo which gave h r a tremendous advan tage. And so, whilo wnmon — after their kind — smiled and fawned upon licr, they said bitter, scathing things bonind licr back. Bnt men, young nfid old. paid her tho homago thoy might liavo paid to a demi-goddess. When two yoars had gono sooioty was shocked, or protended to bo shocked, by tho sudden and mysterious disappearance of tho husband. For some time it had been rumoured tlint tho young wifn nnd tho ugcil husband did not livo in perfect, concord and pcuco. It was said that he was jealous of her and that she avoided him as tnunh as possible ; ami it was furthor said that he had acquired tho tasto for opium. In the autumn of that snmo year Mr. and Mrs. Fenwiok wont abroad, and travelled through Spain. Ono day Martin Fonwiok wont out alono, saying ho was going for a stroll and would not he long ; but ho novor came hack again. Ho disappeared us offcotuully as if tho oarth had opened and swallowed him, and ovory effort since then to traco him had failed, At tho timo of his dtsuppoarnnce thoy wero stayingata place called Andorra, tn tlin provinco of Andorra, in the north of Spain, and at tho foot of tlio Pyrenees. The lady roturnod homo " disconsolate nnd broken-hearted," and for twelvo months she virtually shut herself up. At first tlio sup position was that Fonwink had wnndoreil into tlio mountains and boon murdered, but no proof of this was forthcoming. His strange disappearance, as may be supposed, oauseil a sonsniion for a timo. So fur Us known thero was not tlio slightest reason why ho should liavo voluntarily absented himself, and so it was generally supposed that I10 hod fallen nmongst brignnds and boon murdered fur tho sake of tlio property lie curried about with him. Acting ou this supposition, tho Spanish authorities mailo or protended to make, in quiries, hut thoy resulted 111 nothing. That is, 110 trneo was found to justify tlio belief in foul piny. And yet it was most difficult to under, stand how, in tlio face nf tlio roward of £500. Mr. Fonwiok hnd never been found; for ho was a disfingnislicd-looking man, and tlio wide mhlicity glvon to tho uffuir would suroly havo od In his being recognised by someono sooner or later. _ But more than n year hnd gono liv nnd not n sign hud appeared that holived. And 8", after her long soeliiHion, tho very linudsumu and wealthy young widow once mora took her piano in society, looking, if possible, handsomer und moro radiant than ever. Tho so-oiilted society papers mndo mtteli of tlio little iiirldont. Sho was spoken of in torms of tlio most flutter ing adulation ; and sho was tlio nubjoot of a good donl of oonuniseratory writing, owing to lior "unhappy position," ns it was termed. ItlosBcd with wealth, bonutv, and youth she hnd to endure onfnrcod widowhood. For whilo it appeared to bo morally certain that lior husband was dead no scrap nf legal ovidenco could ho produced to establish it. Neverthe less 0110 of tho society pariigrnpliists ventured to . assert with tho nudueily and impudence peculiar to ''sooioty journalism," that there were reasons to siipnoao Mrs Fomviok con templated again entering into tho Htate of matri- m ny in spile of tho risk slio Would run by so doing in tlio ovont of Its being proved tlmt the first husband wns still alive. This penny-a- liner wont further und suiil that tho favoured mnn woh one of the glided youths upon whom fortuno had smiled. His name was not montiomd, but ho was described ns being singularly hnndsomo, wealthy, and tho pro spective hair to a biironetny. Of coursa this twaddlo wns in keeping with tho backstairs gossip upon which journals of tlint class livo ; nevertheless, having regard to tho lady's position, and tho romanoo nnd mystery associated with lior life, it was quoted far and wido, and was not cont' ndioted by tho llid.i , hor friends, or lior logul advisor. Somo fow woeks lulor thero callod upon mo onO morning n lady Mho Was wo longer young. Sho introduced horsolf as " Mrs. Honriottu Morrison," and gave ino to understand that she was a widow; hor husband, Goneral Morrison, having boon dead eomo years. " My object In coming to yoii Is a somewhat strange onn," sho begun, " and I Confess I fool in 11 delicate position. But I may tit onoo tell you that I am tho siHtor of . Mr. Martin Fon- wiuk, whoso mysterious disappearance caused snoh a sensation a little more than n year ago. Perhaps I ahull soom to ynu vory foolish, ami perhaps yon will smile whon T toll you that twico I havo dreamed in tho most vivid way that lnv dear brother Is dead, nnd that he was brutally murdered; But putting naldo the dream I fool absolutely certAln that ho cannot bo ia the lnhd nf tho living or hb Would have communicated with mo, Wo were the only children of iihr parents, nnd nil our lives have boon most dovotedly attaohed p each other HO was ouo' of tho1 most dillfeontuof oorre- spondents ; and ho mitdo m" bis confidante In most of his affulrs. You are aware, of course, that for a long timo, by moans of public ad vertisements, a toward of £500 has boon offered for tiny information about him f" " I am," I answered. " And possibly you havo Boon an annotate ment lately that Mrs. Fonwiok aottially con templates marrying again P" " Yos, I havo soon that announaoment, too ; but probably it is morcty vulgar gossip which some ponny- a-lincr has seized upon, or tho invention of a soribo hard tip for copy. But surely, madam, you ought to bo In a position to know whether it Ib truo or not, for you are tho sister-in-law of tho lady whoso nanio is so muoh boforo tho puhllo." "I ought to bo, but I am not," sho answered a littlo haughtily "I luivo novor boon friendly with Mrs. Fonwiok. Whon my brother first introduced hor to ma I did not like hor, and I strongly advised him against tlio marriage. I pointed out that a man of his years oould not nxpeot to havo hnppinesa if ho allied himself to a young and frivolauH woman, who was almost youmr onough to be his grand child. Bnt, of course, bo would not listen to mo. Men are so pig-hooded in matters of that kind, and Murtin was fasolnated by hi- svron. Of course ho marriod hor, and of course his lifo Wus mado miserable. " I do not wish to say any thing unduly hnrsli against Mrs Fenwiok, but I am oonvinood that sho nover boro hor husband the slightest lovo. Sho murricd him for his monoy nnd his position, and, as was to bo oxpeoted, sho soon grew tired of hor ancient husband. At any rate, I know ho was very misorablu, for ho was exceedingly joalous of her, and that Wus a oonkor to his lifo. Ho frequently remonstrated with her for what ho considered hor light oonduot; and I know that boforo thoy started On tho lSBt continental tour thoy had a serious quarrel : but lie assured me, on the ovo of their dopnrtnre, that it hud all been mado up, and tliut in future Gwendo line would bo dovotod to him. I was delighted to hear it, though 1 was afraid it was too good to bo trua. - " In tho lotters that bo wrote to mo from abroad ho expressed himself as being very happy, and he spoko most affectionately of bis wife. Then his lettoni suddenly ceased, duo to his disappoarauuo, nnd slnoo that day not a truoo of him has boon discovored. Now, sir, I know my brothor too well to suppose for a moment that ha wonld vnluntarily bald himself aloof from all thoso who loved and rcspootcd him. Except tho disagree ments between himself and wife, thero was nothing in his worldly oiroumHtancos to oauso hiin tho slightest anxiety. Why, therefore, should ho havo takon himself off? Why should ho havo remained away for upwards of a your and havo sont mo, hiB loving sister, no sign that he is in the land of tho living. The wholo circumstunoo is so mysterious that I am determined now it shall be sifted to tho bottom. " If Gwondolino Fenwiok is reaponsiblo in any way for her husband's death sho shall pay the penalty of hor wiokodncss. And I want you to take the matter up und do what you can to unravel tho mystery." " Huvo you tiny reason to soriously suspont Mrs. Fonwiok of being responsible for her hus band's disappearance P" 1 usked. ' I don't liko to muko any rash assertions or jump to hasty conclusions, tho lady answered, "and God forbid that I should do anyone an injustice. _ But I do consciontloualy beliovo that my siator-in-luw is a hollow-hearted and worldly wuinan. I will suy no moro than that at present. " " What wns her position before your brothor married her?" I Inquired. "I really do not know. My brothor was nlwnys vory reticent on that point. But I have reason to boiiovo that he first inot her in Wales. Ho was down thero fishing, and was staying with some friends near Llanberis. Ho had not known hor very long whon ho marriod her. Of hor paBt history I absolutely know nothing.1 ' " Tlinn I understand that yon wish mo to try and disoover your brother, if ho is living ; und if ho is doad get proof of how he died?" " Yea, that ie what I wish you to do," was tho answer. " But I am convinood ho is not living. Even if I was not influenced by tho drcain whioh I havo dreamt twice, I should still find it most ihfiluult to boiiovo lie !h alive, seoiiqV that ho has allowed a your and moro to olupso without seeking to allay my anxiety." " I havo hoard it said, and I would ask yon if thero iH any truth in tho rnmour that your brothor wbb addicted to the uso of opium ?" "I don't beliove it," answered Mrs. Morri son, with a strong display Of indignation. " I beliovo it to bo ah absolute, downright false hood. At nny rate I never saw anything in my brother's oonduot whioh would justify mo in thinking that it was ovor possible ho would Indulge in -noli a pernicious liabit." As I saw that sho folt vory strongly on this point I did not question her further," for aftor all it had no very grout bearing on tho point at issuo. And bb I had become very interested in tho cbso I promised hor I would iiccopt her oommission and oxert myself to got at' tho truth. At this timo Mrs. Fonwiok was occupying 0 mnnsion in South Kensington und living in grand stylo. Sho kept quito a rotinuo of ser vants ; nnd having oinorged from her seolusion, I learnt that sho was holding receptions nnd giving "nt homes," which wore said to be almost prijiocly in their lavish hospitality. I folt it desirable from many points of view that I should know something of tho lady's history before she wns married, so t obtained from Mrs. Morrison tlio address of ttio peoplo with whom hor brothor was staving at Llnuberis whon lie first mot his wife. Thoy wero a Muiieliesb'r family, and only occupiod tlioir house in Wales during a portion of tho summer. I wus enabled to discover thorn, howovcr, and I learnt ultimately that Mrs. Fenwiok wiih a Miss Wilson, anil alio oooupied the position, at tho timo Fonwiok mot hor, of companion or nttondiint to two young ludios, sisters, and both invalids. Thoy were staying ut Llanberis lor tlioir health, and hnd gono thero from Gloucester, whero thoy resided. By dint of following up Homu slender olues I found out this Gloucester family. O110 i.f tho young ladies was dead ; tho otlior informed mo that Misa Wilson hnd boon recommended to hor mother by Lady Tomplcatowo. 80 to Lady Teinplostowo I wont. Sho wns a philanthro pist, und kept u homo fo, respectably oonueutod orphan girls near Birmingham. It nppoarcd that Miss Wilson wob the daughter of an artist, who died when she wos a baby. Boforo sho was twelvo slio lost hot mother, and being without any moans of sup. port, tho chho was brought under Lady Temple- stawu's notice. Sho Interested liorsolf in the girl and look lior into tho homo, whero she had frequently boon heard to say it wus tho dream of nor lifo to bo rich. Bhu was eight years with Lady Tomplestowc, and during that timo, if her conduct wiib not porfcot, thoro wero no grounds for any serious complaint ngainst her. 3h.< w»b considered to ho vain, and ambitious boyond hor station, und to be lacking eomowliat in sineorlty. With this groundwork to go npoh it was i iiBV to build up 0 thrilling little romanou of real lifo. Miss Gwondolino Wilson wasun un- UHually pretty girl. Tho' old soldier saw her and wns smitten with her charms. Undeterred by tho itiadvisabillty of May and Deoembei muting, lio murricd hor. Bho aaw in tlio tnuiriuge tlio mciina of realising, to somooxtent. at any rate, her longings and aspirations. And from relative poverty she was suddenly raised to tt position of nflluonoo. It wus not difficult to imngino that vory soon alio found tlio sooioty of her aged husband pull somewhat. An old mun muy worship a young woman, but it Is not often tho young woman worships tho old malt whon tho bond of matrimony links tbom together, and our human story is full of records of pathetic misery that has nrison from youth and ago joining thomaolves together 111 wod- look 111 Ffliiwiok'a oaao there wore diaaensiona und disagreements, and the happiness of hus band nnd wifo waa oloudud. Tlio lady, being in till! hoy-day of hor youth, wnntod liberty ; tho mnn objected. In thia possibly was to he found tho koy to tho husband's uimoeouuttiblo disappearance. Huving learnt so muoh of eneh of tho per sons oonoornod, I folt auro tlmi Martin Fon- w Ok was no longer in tho land ot tho living. Why did I think so? may bo nuked. It. ia not. always good to give ressona for ono' a opinions, but in ihls inainuoo 1 may say my roasuiiSworo baSod upon the logioul nspoot of tho nffiiir. Thoro was 110 reiiHoi, which ono could think of 61' doviso which Would soom an inteiligibio' o'oo to awsimt for ilurtin Fenwiok deserting his wifo and keeping ont of tho war of overtrhody who had known him. If ho haa fullon ill any where , if ho had mot with nn aocidont ; if ha had uaddenly boon eoizod with insanity and was - detained in some asylum, information would surely havo been forthcoming during tho roar that had elapsed. It waB impossible to think of him as living unless ho had voluntary hidden himsolf, and thoro was not a ghost of a reason why ho flhould havo done that. Bosidos, if euoh had boon tho oaso, ho must huve bod morniB to livo upon. And I osoortainod that his banking account, whioh was vory largo, had not boon drawn upon sinoo ho loft for tho oon- tinont. No ; Murtin Fonwiok was doad. I felt as sure of that as I folt Buro of anything. And what I had to dotormino wus First, Whoti'did ho die? Second, Whore did ho moot with his end? Third. Was his death tho result of natural causes or foul play ? Fuurth, What had boonmo of his body? Thoso wore problems I sot myself to work out, und though u oonsidorablo timo had elapsed sinco Martin Fouwiok's disappearance I was sangiiino onough to boiiovo thut I should sue- coed ultimately in clearing away tho mystery. Before starting on my mission 1 waited on Mr. Fonwiok's lawyers. Thev informed me thut ho hod provided vory handsomely for his wifo whon ho first murrioa hor, and that by his will ho loft tho greater part of his fortune to hor. But in tho ubsonce of any proof of bis death tho ostato could not bo administered. In reply to my question asking them for thoir. Opinions about Mr. Fouwiok's disappearance tney said thoy cuuld not avoid ooming to tho oonolusion that he wus doad, for on no other hypothesis oould thoy aooount for his silonoo. Thoy had done business for him for a great mauy years, and he had always shown himself to bo most proeiso and punctilious and methodi cal in his businoss matters. " Wus ho a man of weak intellect at oil ?" I asked. " Oh doar, no, unions the faot of his mann ing a young girl was a sign of woaknoss of intellect." "Did it ovor oocur to you in your wlatiohs with him that ho might suddenly go out of his mind and do something desperate ?" "No; snoh an idea novor ooonrred to us. Wo looked upon him as a man of strong Intollcat and unoxoitablo temperament. Ho regarded life and all its relations from a philo sophical standpoint." ' ' I nndorstand that he had frequent disagree ments with his wifo." " Possibly ho had. Wo don't know. But wo will go thiH far— speaking from Our know ledge of him — tlmt any disagreements that aroso sho must havo boon tho solo causo of them. Ho was an oxooedingly good-natured man, with a big hoart, and a forgiving disposi tion." " Ono moro question," I said, "and I have done. Do you know if there is any truth in tho rumour that Mrs. Fonwiok oautemplatM marrving again ?" "Possibly sho would liko to do so; but whothor sho would ruu tho risk or not is anothor thing." " If sho horsolf had vory strong grounds for bolioving hor husband to bo doad aho would not think of tho risk." " Woll, no, wo don't supposo oho would." " And jf it is true that sho is thinking of ro-marrying it would rathor tond to support the idea that sho hud no fear of hor first husband rouppcuring." To this question, whioh waa intentionally snggestivo, tlio lawyers declined to givo a direct reply. Thoy wore cautious nnd did not wish to commit thomsolves, hut it was easy to sco thut behind thoir professional rosorvo they wero not indifferent to the drift of iny question. As I was unxious to have somo personal knowledge bf tho lady thoy undertook to write and ask her to call upon thorn with roforonco to her husband's affuirs. A day wna fixed for tho interview, nn it was arranged that I should bo present in tho ohurootor of a elork. On the day named sho drove up to tho offlco in a brougham, nnd was duly ushered into tho room of Mr. Hoiiscn, tho hoad of tho firm. I sat apart at a tablo, apparently deeply absorbed with somo writing. I sat with my baok to tho light, and sho was placed so that the light fell full upon hor. As sho raised hor voil I thought I had raroly scon a moro beauti ful woman, and j ot tho faeo wus without tho softnosa und winsomcness whioh should go with feminine beunty. Tlio blue oyea worn oold nbd motalliu, whilo tho lips woro thin and somewhat drawn. As 1 studied that fooo, and listened to tho way alio talked, I camo to tho oonolusion that though rIio wna boautiful physically slio was morally a devil. Rbo had a haughty, disdainful, ironfonl way of spooking that suggested tlio sclf-roliunt, strong-willed, and wiridly naturo. By proarrangomont with mysolf Mr. Henson referred to hor rumours about her moiTiago. to be concluded to -winnow. 