'THE NOVELIST. ? A ? THE LOVE OF HTS LIFE. ' ; By the Author of ' Brave Ernest,' ' Through, Beep Waters,' kc. . ]'\ . /CHAPTER' II. . ' OffAEQATliTA' CATiDABA. Once more the hand struck up, and the unique and picturesque dance was gone thiough ugain, and again brought the house down in thunders of applause, and Margarita Caldara, ?; half smiling, half timid — or so she , seemed— came down to the footlights, and this time the flowers -were rained at her feet in fragrant showers. Ci'.ptain Tregarou's -was among the first, and Lady Sabine, who rarely gave way to enthusiasm, was so moved (that she sent her choice bouquet flying on to the stage. Eteio turned flushed and positively tearful with excitement, to Lord de. Lisle. ? 'Oh, please/'- she said, 'fling this bouquet for ,me. I may make it fall short:'* ' ?-??--- ' But then the dancer ?will mistake the giver/' Haid the earl, hesitating. ' Never mind — I want it to go safe,' cried the girl. ' Isn't she' wonderful ? ' Lord de Lisle took the flowers, and threw them- with so good an aim that they fell right at Margarita's feet. . She lifted her eyes tothe'box from whence , the tribute camie, and they rested on the earl's striking featares. ' ' ?Was it his band that had thrown the bouquet, or that of the sweat-faced happy-looking girl next him, or the young man next her? The conjecture Sashed like lightning through the girl's1 mind as she bowed Jow to the artistb cnltic occupants of the'. box, and lifting the flowers, dropped them gracefully among their .companions in the long scarf round her 3kir.t, of which, she had made a ' temporary apron. Then, with another glance _ at the pale child — pale no longer — she waved her hand, bo'wed again to the audience, and vanished, only to be recalled, and ' after that re called once more, and yet again, till at length, after n fourth recall, she was 6uffered;to depart] -- -Tregaron turned to the earl. ? ' Well,' said he, 'is an appeal to the umpire needful ? ' ' No, returned De Lisle. ' I conf e38 I never saw euch beauty and such danc-y ing. The girl is poetry personified. 4 admit that I am/routed this time hoi^8 and foot.' '.'I am quite elated,' said Tregaron, -laughing'. 'Do Lisle, you know, Miss Esmond, is a luoky hand. 'He usually ?wins his bets, though, to do him credit1 I will allow that he doscn't often lr.4 any. And you, Lady Sabine, did /you ? ever throw a bouquet at a d^acer before ?' .' ' . . / 'Once,' sho said, sinilin»jt ?- at Taglioni— never .since. But- this girl surpasses Talgioni.' ' Sheis no low-born girbseither; if she iBnotakdylam more retaken than ever I was in .my life,'- said. De Lisle 'A lady; and a das' cer !' exclaimed Elsio. 'Don't you fnink that it is because she is so beautiful that .she looks ladylike?' ' -?! think not, the, expression of- her face is -well bred'.' . 'Her manner .its charming/,' added Lady Sabine* '^elf-possesed, -but so yiodesi, and si* hardly looked' at the \- B,ouse, poor gijl ! ' ^uauns^flm, as a,lcmd-hearted woman nell might, ty Lisle looked dovm at uhe stage-bo*, aud saw the pak-tpced c-nild ga^iog lixadly- at himself; ho mailed, involuntarily, ' so earnest was the li\Ue one-s g^, and she smiled buck wilha chifd-s quiok syinpathy. . . ^ ,' ' ' ^ere ™s/':l winning sweetness in t'j'e sums smite of which he himsolf a^s unconscior _s and few cHi,dren ifM y^ j,° . *-k with pleasure on . a fp«e so _J? P jie. . He wondered who sVo was fo -£r ?*y a s's*Gr °* *^e kalian -ianeer, . f uhis was a French1 face, but tJbie very J? jin of ideas that connect .itsel£ with childhood made him think of the story he had heard, that Margarita 'Caldara, was hitherto blameless. He paid no heed to what waB' going forward on the stage now; the ballet girls had returned, . and were figuring away at what was termed in the pro grumine ' A fairy dance/' till a roar of applauso announced the re-entry ot the knew dancer, and quick as the movemen oi! his eyes to the stage was the hope that flushed instinctively through the eari'a.niind that this noble refinedlook ing girl might not be attired in the usual appeal of the ballet. She was ai robed in white and silver, but theskirP as in tire gipsy dress, reached 'to her ankles'. '' ' - ? . She danced both alone and with the othor3, and De Lisle's practiced eye could see that,- wilh a generosity rarely ?witnesed on the stage, she rather retir ed from the 'prominent position when sho might have justly taken it; thus, v/ben in a figure of the dance, ,she and Rosa Vernel divided the stage, she moro than ^nce contrived that her companion took the centre, and when Roaa had'a brief pas scul, she retired' almost out .of sight. It was not her fault that a #as seul of her own followed that of Bosn, and that Kosa's won but moderate applause, ' even from her most ardent admirers, . while tho lovely Venetian evoked a , freah furore, and was again encored. How could sho help dancing like a sun ', beain on the water; how could she help ' possessing such beauty and grace, that even when she Btood' still all eyes 'left tho, dancers and were fixed on her ? ' The green curtain fell at last, and 'Mdlle. Caldara made her final bow after a sixth recall, and De Lisle observed that as she disappeared, the child's faco ?vanished from the manager's box. Aa Lord de Lisle and his party wait ? ed in the - lobby for the carriage, Tregaron escor'ting Elsie, while the earl attended his mother, a lady close by tha.latter said— ' D* you notice that dashing-looking wonian in ,i box just above that'of that handsome man who seemed to know -'s6,many people?' : -'Yes/' returned a man's voice, 'I know':' - The 'lady you mean was with a companion. . She and her friend passed me o_3\I was waiting for you, and the friend' called her 'JJTadame' something. ?T could not catch the name— it sounded German.''' \- 'What was such niere everyday gossip to 'Philip do Lisle? Why did the last words ' make -him start with scarcely a visible movement, but with so sharp and sudden »n inward thrill that his mother, leaning on hiB arm, lobk'ed up involuntarily into his face, and — was it her icJicj that that face, always pale, was a shade paler ? Wdtl, in the lobby of a theatre, as elsewhere, a man may here a word or BJe a .face that brings up the ghost of past folly or p?«st tin, or of something, lost, linked neither with'folly nor sin Lady Augusta Sdbine was a woman of . the world, and she asked no questions, bufciis her son placed her in the carriage asked him and Tregaron to accompany her and Elsie on Thursdayio tho Prince j of Wales's.whach both promised to do; then adieus ware spoken, the carriage drove off, and the two young men were left, together. ' 'Say,' observed the Guardsman, 'I didn't see Val anywhere— sly dog! I believe he was in, the wings.' 'Maybe; but yo;i know, Bertie, the on d%t is that Caldara holds no court behind the sesaes.' ? Let's proveat,' said Tregaron, laugh in ar. And they.Te-en tared the theatre, and passed into; that region which has for early youth such mysterious enchant ment, but; was to them neither new nor particularly enchanting. They ;wbre near the green-room door, when a ' female figure came out. Tre garon benteagerly forward, with a half smothered exclamation, as he recogniz ed the Italian dancer. She started, and half- turned, and, catching a glimpse of the young man's face, hurried away. Just one glimpse of the graceful form, a glitter of golden hair, a gleam of white and shimmer of jewels, and she was gone. Trcgaron looked at his companion, and laugheci, not without1 ' a tinge of vexation in his tone; but the earl did! not share that feeling. He would hare' liked to meet the beautiful Italian, and yet was pleased to find that she wrs not like Rosa Vernel, who just then -3:une up laughing, and declaring that CyJdara was' too awfully particular f»r anything. ? ' A re you bound for th© green-room ?' she said. ' Only Eusbem is there. Val Mornington was/ to*!, but he's gone. Ta,ta;I'm off.' And off she waa% The earl and 2tfe friend exchanged a few words Wish. Euaton, and then left the theatre by the stage . door, outside which stocft5 a hansom cab, while a croud of the lexinesse doree stood about, wait ing to see the It^ticn danser come out. De Lisle 'wak 'no saint,' but he scorned the i)}', bred folly of stage-door lounging, aiyu passed through the croud with onlyft, inclusive 'Good night,' and walke',d,'aAvay with Tregaron. 'I yarnier, ' ' sneered the Hon. Charley' Shfaeriugton, looking after Ihe earl, a/jd thoa.glancingat the cab, ' how long/fchat ?game will last. Did you see De/tiisle /throw a bouquet at CaldsiTa?' ?'''Wasjrrt his/' said another; ' belong ed to tlj'e prolty girl who was with him.' ' Oh! Well I'll lay fifty pounds tb.it in a/month my lady comra up in De Lion's brougham.' A'Done,' was the cool responsn; ' for, ^member, tis not a brougham, ? but Do Liale's.' - 