The Soldier and his Bible. 3Iany yenm riuco one Richard Middtcton a private in tho 60th Foot Regiment, during Divino service in tho church, wn« observed to nit his hand in hi porket anil pull out 11 pack ol ciird Jtfl«r tlio irirsoti hud elided the Richard spread tho enrda out boforo him, first looking at ono card and then Innpeeting another. Tho attention of tho Bivgennt In rimrgo wan drawn tn 1dm, who urden-d him to put away "thow thitig/' n# tlm rhtin-h vim nophuo topluy in. The soldier refused to obey, adding " You havo no businera with me hero." Tho sermon being crnlod, tlic detachment were otdmil by tho commanding officer to " fall In" in tlio cliun-liyiinl, where tlio Ser geant promptly nnrntwl RitJinn! on n charge of playing card In tho clmrrJi, and hauled him beforo tho Mnyor of tlio town. Tlio charge having l-octi duly a tie# tod, the man of law ami onlcr mom ; " Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself in answer to thi McriotiN hit of pnifanity F "Sir," replied tlio wldier, " I have l»cen fivo week ujKm tho ninreb, and have bad but little to Hutaist on. I am without Ifiblo, Praver Book, Almanac, or anything but thi pack of card (pulling them from hi pocket) but I hopo to atify your Honor of tho purity of my Intentions," Ho then spread out the pack beforo tho Mayor, and com menced a follow : " When 1 00 tho nco I am rcmindod tlicro in ono God only ; when I ace tho deuce, it remind rno of tno Fatfior and tbo Son ; tho tri puts me in miud of tho Father, Son aud Holy Ghost ; tho four remind mo of Mattliow, 3 lark, Luke, and John ; and whin I see tho fivo, I think of tho fivo wuo virgins, that trimmed their lamp ; thcrowere fivo other, but they wero fooliah ; when I iook 00 ine fiix z am rcrainaea innc in mis day thn Lord mado Heaven and Earth ; and when I hoc the seven, it waa sovonth day that God rested from all tho work which JIo luul created, whercforo ho blessed and hallowed it ; when I aco tho eight, I am re minded of tlio oight persona tliat wero saved In tho Ark, viz., Noau, hi wife, ntid Noah's throo sun and tlicir wives : when I see tho ume, I think of tho tiioe leper that were cleaused by our Saviour, there woro ten, however, but nino never returned thanks to God ; and when I observe tbo ten, God gave tou commandment to Moses on Mount Sinai, on two tables of stone." Tlio Holdtcr then took up the knave, which for a time bo laid aside. Resuming Ids (lis course, ho said, "when I see tho queen, I think of the Queen of Sbebn, who came from tbo uttermost part of the world to hear tho wisdom of King Solomon. This queen was a wiso a woman a ho wo wa a man ; for alio brought flftv bova and fifty irirla. all clothed in boys' apparel, to ahow before tho king for him to aay which wero boys and which girl ; but ho conld not until ho called for them to wash themselves. Tho girls woAhed np to tlicir elbows, and tho boys only to their wrint, #0 King Solomon wo ablo to tell their respective kox by that method. I aro also reminded, by observing tlio qncen, thut I am called on to pray fur Her Majesty of til eo realms. Arid when I nee tho king, it nuts mo iu mind of that King of Heaven ana Earth, tho Infinite God Almighty." " Well," said tho Mayor, "von have given a very good description of all the card oxccpt Which is that, your Honor i" " Tlio knavo," said tho Mayor. " Oh," wa Richard's reply, " I can give yon a good description of that if your Ilouor won't bo angry." ' No, I will not, unices you term mo tho knave," was bis Honor' reply. « "Well," sold the soldier, "tbo greatest knave I know of I tho Sergeant that that brought me here." "I don't know," retorted tho Mayor, "that ho i the greatest knave, but I am sure ho i the greatest fool." " I now desire to ahow your Honor how I two tho curds a an almanac." " You certainly are a clover follow ; but I think you will havo a hard matter to xnako that appear," said tlio Mayor. " No sir, not at alt When I count tho spot there aro in a pock of cords, I find tlicro aro throo hundred and sixto five ; tlicro aro so many day in the year. When I count how many cards thoro are in a pack, I find fifty- two ; there are so many weeks in tho year. When I count how many tricks there arc in 11 pock, I find thoro aro thirteen ; there aro eo many lunar months In tho year. Therefore, you sec, sir, that this pick of card is a Bible. Almanac and Common Prayer Book, as well a a pack of cuds, to mc." Tho Mayor was so much struck with tho soldier' narrative, that, placing a piece of gold in hi hood, he bado him take liu depar ture, remarking, at tho same timo, " that he wa tho clovcrcst man over brought beforo him." 