ITEMS. OF,- NEWS. .Constablo Rasniusseri. yesterday afternoon ar- restod',a,.woinan>: named. .Celia . Crowley at the Chineso "Camp, 'whore sho arrived from Mel bourne last, week. On'; tlio arrival -of, the; ' Polico Gazette' yesterday, it. was sebiv tlmt ii' warrant had beon issued for, tho ; arrest of Crowloy, ,on a cliargo of stealing a black lenthor , purse and' L20 from Emilio \ Tompalini, . . a labouror of ; North Melbourne. The robbery is alleged, to; havo. beon committed in -Hicks' ; Lane, Melbourne, on tho lGtli inst. Accused will bo brought-beforo the local Bench this morning 'and remanded, to Melbourne. ' ! '.' /' ' . " ' For somo tiino past the Camp Resorvo has been used by various xjooplo lis' 'a/pasturago' 'for thoir cows and goats.". Although , it is' very evi dent that tlio animals are purposely, driven tlioro, Btill tlio repairing of tlio northern gato would dispel any .oxcuho. that .'might bo offored by tlio owners of tho animals. rii .-- -A tributo party tin the Garfield: mine at Chow- town crushed 40 tons last weok for a yield of 22oz 17dwt retorted gold.-, , h j .-'rr , - - Mr j. Wliitcside M'Cay, M. A'.,' who; as al ready notified, has' cbmmonced, tho -.practice of . his -profession /, as a , barrister, will , make , his "debflt" iri: the Police Court. this morning, hav ing been retained By tho plaintiff . in a case of as- sault. , Tho Camiiboll's Crook Mohawk Minstrels gave a performance on Wednesday night in Appol's Assembly Hall to a crowded house, in aid of tlio Campbell's Crook Junior Cricket Club. Mr g. Slicgog was interlocutor, Messrs Maum and Murley (tamboa) Matsort and Benbow, (bones). These four cornermen kept the audience in 'rounds of laughter by -their comic songs'-and sayings. Tho fiiat part, concluded- with a liuigli7 able scene ' ' ' Tho! Suburban - Ghost. " ; ' : In; tho second part Miss M'Beatli played an overture in good style! Master RobbrtH made a hit in sing-, irig " Sweet Marie." Mr Benb'ow; for liis song «« tf t nniv uniiw'kmv it-xvas' done." wns en- cored. Miss MaryrJonos -was; deservedly .ap plauded for singing "Does your heart beat true. " Mr R. Mutson caused nruch: laughter in singing " Wo'vb all''nd 'em," arid was cncorcd:i; ;Miss C. M'Beath sang nicely "Tho cows' are in tho clover." Mr Maum was amusuig in comio songs; and was encored. Songs wore done justice to by Mr Jones, Mr G. Shegog, and' Mr Murley/ i. Tho whole concluded with a frolicking farce, entitled " Auntie Judy's Pudding.' Tho proceeds to the Club wore L4 12s. ; Tho bnn. Secretary of. the Sunday Soliopls Cricket Club acknowledges thp receipt of a dona tion of 5s townrds tho funds from. Mr T. Elliott. A doublo football match between Eagluliawk (tho premiers) and South Bohdigo (the runners up), and North Bondigo and Sandhurst; the next in order on the premiership list; was played in nid of the Worn Out Minors' Fund on .-Wednes day; Eivlchawk beat South Bendigo by 4 goals to 1, and"North Bendigo beat Sandhurst by 3 goals to ono, thoir respective positions on the pre miership list thus being justitiod. . ' The Council of .tho Maryborough. School of Mines has had an interview with tho Minister of Public, Instruction during which tlioy, protested ogainst tho decision of the Minister to withhold the Government . grant from that institution after tho end- of 1895; : They stated that if it wns thought tho instruction wus not efficient they would get other instructors. Mr Peacock : re- plied ho would consider their- representations and would lay, the matter, before the Cabinet. A few items in the tariff will be challcngod when tho bill ombodying tho resolutions of com mittee is -before- tho Legislative Assembly noxt wcok. In viow , of tho exceedingly high rate which will remain ,on felt -hats,. oven at tlio re duced duty of 24s. per dozen, some members aro considering tho propriety of proposing that the duty shall booithcr 20s. per dozen or an ' ad val orem' rato., , , An inebriate named Henry Brown was arrested on Wednesday afternoon at tho station, and bad to appear at tho Polico Court yesterday. Ho had come from New South Wales; and was bound for Talbot, to w hieh he was permitted , to - go without paying 'ti"flhe, .-after -'ho was eounselled- hy Mr Anderson, P.'M.V-to'.he sure to loavp for his destination. . : ' , - , The . intercolonial- -.'oonferenoe of tlio Grand United Order'of Oddfellows was oontinuod in Sydney on Wednesday. A graduated scale of the contributions arid tlio amounts to bo paid for funeral and sick benefits was settled so as to apply uniformly in all'tlio colonies. - The inter, colonial clearance charges of members, in accor- dance with tho ratos at present' in force in V tc- toria, were ndoptod for feileriil use. The eon- ferenco doeidod that each culony should have a uniform system of bookrkcopina, and that the Viotorian table of statistics be taken ns a model by the ordor. , . , Somo -further discussion took place m tho Church of England Asseriibly on Wednesday on tho subject of poorily-paid clergy in country dis tricts, Dr Torrance moving the second; part of bis motion in favour of either devising steps to augment tho Bishop of Molbouriie's Fund or establishing ii central fund into which all Church' revenues should be paid and from which stipends should be allotted. There was -some forcible speaking in. tho. courscof. the debates, and ono clergyman, 'who likened-, the plight -of somo eountry clergy to that of overworked and under- fed horses, and compared tliem to- dogs kept upon a chain with tho Bishop's license round their necks by way of a collar, drew upon himself a grave episcopal- rsbuko. : These .-illustrations about dogs and horses were, tho Bishop hold, debasing. A committee was appointed witli instructions to first doviso moans to'incrcase tho Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, and then report as to tlio advisability of establishing such a control fund ns had boon suggested. - The little girl Olive Dnltoii,- who waa severely burned at Ballarot through her clothing accident- ally.catoiiing: fire, died on Tuesday. : , Docs prize-fighting pay? It has not really paid the champion " pug" of tlio world.-; ; Tho groat J. 'L. Sullivan,- who was defeated with tho gloves by Jem Oorbett, but who claims that. ill "skin fighting" ho is still champion of tho world, recently told an interviewor that ho reckons ho mado during his fighting career ; L250.000 at least. Just now he would be glad to have L250. Jem Mace, ox-oliariipion of England, and Burgo appear ns borrowers of four sums of L50 from Col. North; Prize-fighting mnypay— for n-timo —but for solid profit a milk run seems to be bet ter." ' "... ' _ ; In San .Francisco, bicyclists ;,do.. not .use bells or. lights on their, maohinbs, Thoy, havo from their: number ' become 'h sourco of annoyanco to tho citizens;1 and a 'Frisoo paper gravely advises its readers as follows: — "In tho meantime (pending law regulating oycling). we commend to foot-passengers when annoyed: by - bicyclists - to! take the law ; into thoir rewri1 hands. When n lioodlum on, ai wliocl, ' 'soorching': around tlio streets, grazes the person of "a pedestrian, we recommend to the iiiforcsaid -.pedestrian to insert his -walking-stick between tho frame and spbkos of tho wheol. If the aubaoquent fall does not, irioapaeitiita'thel'hoo'dluin 'wbeelmati, - what''fe- mains of '-tho: walking-stiok may ibo advantage- i ously u8ed-on.;liis fool plate." /. : _ On' the occasion of a lecture deliveredat Fitz- roy on Wednesday night by Mr J.- West. on' 'Ouri Agricultural . Rosources,' . tho : Acting Governor ' (Sir John Miiddon) mado a foiv remarks after the lecturer; liad resumed his seat.' His Excellency expressed liiscoriviction that immense advantage: would result from Ihe'corisolidhtion oftho public debt, and thounificationof . tho; several colonics, the. realisation of which, whonover porfectod, would bo what was ovidontly tho intention and' dosiro of the pioneers of Australia. This fact was borno , out hy . tlio publio expressions that woro made at the tiino' tho successful agitntion wns npido to hiive tho transportation of con viots hero abolished.' ' ' ' i That plucky investor, Mr G. ; Lansell, at the Wnidon s Court; " Bendigo; yesterday stated' tlmt lie liad expended L30, 000' in openingi up; tho gliyopsiipad lipypf city, ; |-v . ;Tho R.M.S.:;Prmu/l«iyingr!Molljqurrio, for /England to-morrow, will tako 115'tbns bf Vic torian butter for the London market. \- Mr.Gravcs,,M.L.A., hns given notico of ins . intention to niovb .oil the 1st; 'October; — "That tlioro, bo laid befora tho Assembly a copy 'of all Itbo Popiirtinentnl documents connected with tlio '.alleged retaining in , the Railway service of tho "state, (if V.certnin -railway ,ongi nod rivers who I woro drunk, while iriclliirge of, traiiis-ns sworn to ' byjMr.Baijcs in his evidence', before the Railway V Inquiry, ;Boaid' .the j names, -.seryicos '.arid, par- ' ticulnrs of this misconduct of theso engiricdrivors, whom Mr Bailes, _wlien . ineinbor of Parliament for Bondigo, swore 1101 assisted retaining in tho Public Service, and if theso men aro still in tho servico of tho CTOvommenr." Emanuel 'Abrahams was removed to Pcntridgo yesterday in company- witli sovcral othor prison ers, notably J. F; Ganiiaway.(cx- olorgyman) and "Bung" Patterson (biiiglnr, etc). JiV ' \- The minimum wngu will cost the rntopayersof Eaglchawk' an inorensed- expendiiuro of money. Lately the' Borough' Council 1 decided!' that .the contractor- for horso and'.droy work -should pay his men not- less thnri.7s-per day. On Tuesdxy throe tenders were received -for-tho' work, the lowest nt 8s n day. — This (which- was accepted) naH from tho foriiior contractor. who did tho work'nt 6s 8d per day previously. ' Tlio Town Clerk said that the specifications did not sot forth. that tho contractor's men should lie em ployed only eight hours a day. Ho could not interfere with the contractor's men, but the day labourers employed by tlio Council would only be required to work eight hours. Tlio ..stcamor, Age, belonging to Messrs Howard Smith nnd Sons, nnd tho Burrunibcct, Belonging to Messrs Huddnrt, Parker, and Co., both ran. aground in tlio . Hopctoun Channel at tlio ontrnnco to Corio Bay on Wednesday night. The Burrunibcct succeeded dn.flqnting.off.yester- dny, but tho Ago is still ashore.. ,' . A daring case of .housebreaking , lit; Beaufort lias been ..engnging tho attention , of, Detective- sergeant Charles.. , While Mrs dope, the liimnto of tho (lwelling.referred to, .was'in a back room on! Sunday night the thief gaincdontrohce at the front, "and rifled a chest of . drawers of a cash- box containing three. Li-nbtes, , 25 preferential shares in tlio Bank of Victoria, some deferred deposit receipts. in the same institution of a, face .value of. L1350, other receipts, for L800.on de posit arid promissory notes for L1350, L105, and L300 lent to. various churches. It appears that tho. intruder had ail .intimate knowledge of tho house arid tlie habits of the inmates, but no cluo as to his idcntity.is, forthcoming. The Chief Justico has directed that tho libel action in which Mr James Miramsclninis Lit), 000 from tho proprietors of tho ' Argus ' shall bo heard in tho , Comity, Court -unless tho plaintiff, within a week; satisfies the Court that tho'ense :is a proper ouo to " bo tried in tho Supreme Court. . ' Wm: Arthur Cox, a Post Oflico messenger, has bcen arrcsted-at Ararat 1 by Botective Nixon on a cliargo of stealing a cliequo for L2 9s 5d. Tlio cheque is allogod "to have poon abstracted from a lottor posted at Lnndsborongli. , A woman when asked at tlie North Molboumo Police Court yesterday lvliy she did not send her child John, 10 years of age; to school, replied that it was impossible to get him to attend. Sho had oven, as a punishment, put him in petticoats on Saturday and Sunday and fetl liiin on bread and water. He had now.got accustonicd to this treatment, and ' appeared rothor to enjoy it. Johnny is evidently master of tho situation. Tho .Quoen has nccoptcd the Australian wator lily sent by Messrs Scarle and Sons, florists, of Sydney, hy theR.M.S. Ophir. Since the arrival of the Ophir early this month the water lily has been presorved in Nelson Bros.' cool stores in London ponding Her Majesty's return from her summer visit to Scotland. . . Tho barque Mary Blundell, which left Sydnoy a month ago for! Mauritius with a cargo of bono- dust, hiis put back leaking badly from damages received when being , buffeted about in. Bass' Straits by westerly gales. Tho crow became ajarmei for th'e safety of the vessel, and insisted on returning to port. Rninlliis fallen oyer the whole of Now South Wales, ; the downpour! being light west of the Darling,' but heavier over the, portion of tho colony to tho eastward of tlint rivor. Thisi-s.the most general fall experienced for months. . . It is estimated that during tho past five weeks about 100 mechanics, principally thoso employed in tho building nnd engineering trades, linro left Ballarat either for " Westralia" or Soutli Africa. A number of laborers havo .also gone. . .. Tho engine' attached to tho Melbourne and Wodonga train from. Sponcerrstroet yesterday, broke down when ascending tlio rise on the other sido of Donnybrook station, and the passetigors l:ad . to wait for a relief, engine from Molbnurne. The disabled locomotive only came out of tho workshops Inst week after undergoing tho usual overhaul. . A matter of interest to dwellers in -the hot northern plains and in tlio malice district is the enforcement of the law dealing with iiros lighted in tho -open. - Last - summer n- -feeling' arose amongst farmers tlint the -present law should be more strictly carried out, and that' its pro visions should lib extended 'on tho lines of the South Australian Fires Act. To carry out tho latter proposal'a bill , was' intr'oduoed into Parlia- morit last year by Mr Graliam, but the sudden dissolution prevented it from being adapted. This year a Fires Bill has again been introduced into, tho Assembly, but so' far no progress hns beon mado with' it. What damngo miiy.be done can- bo judged from the extent of the bush fires which even at this early part of the spring havo occurred in New South Wales, and if next summer sliould be huttor than usual it is uvi- dont that there will, .be all the more neces sity for taking every possible ' precaution against fires. 1 ' ; . , 