Communicated. THE HOLY HOUSE OF LORETO. The Sixth Centenary of its Trans lation. (Translated for The Southern Cross from the Kaiholische Kirclienzcitung, Salz burg, from the "Annals of the Work of St. Paul," Freiburg, Switzerland.) The 10th of December, 1894, was the sixth centenary of the wonderful trans lation of the Holy House of Nazareth, and on this day the celebration com menced. In this house the Blessed Virgin Mary received the message and the heavenly salutation of the Almighty through the Archangel Gabriel. In this house the Word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us. Our readers will no doubt be glad to hear the history of this venerable sanc tuary. After the descent of the Holy Ghost in the hallowed supper-room on Pentecost the unpretentious house in which the®Holy Family lived at Nazareth, and where the Divine Child spent his quiet youth with Mary and Joseph, was turned into a chapel. Here the holy apostles and their successors, here the faithful in Nazareth and its surroundings, frequently assembled to celebrate the mysteries of the New Testament. In the fourth century St. Helena and her son, Constantine the Great, who had become Christian, erected many sanctuaries on the spots consecrated by the mysteries of our redemption. Among these was a splendid basilica enclosing the Holy House. Pious pilgrims from all quarters of the Roman Empire wended their way thither in increasing numbers from year to year. After the Saracens had invaded the Holy Land the church was plundered again and again. Still the Holy House was spared by a singular providence of God. When the Holy Land was retaken by the Crusaders (1090) the basilica was erected anew and richly endowed. At length the Turks put an end to the Christian kingdom of Jerusalem. The church was again destroyed, but the Holy House remained intact because it brought in a revenue from the taxes paid by Christians who wished to enter it. Later on the manifold and vexatious impositions of the fanatical Turks made the pilgrimage and visits of the Chris tians almost impossible. Under such circumstances it is highly probable that this precious and sacred relic of Chris tianity would have been destroyed were it not that God spared by a striking miracle His former dwelling on earth. On the morning of the 10th of May, 1291, some workmen of Raunitza, in Dalmatia, not far from the City of Fiume, on the Adriatic coast, saw to their great astonish ment a chapel on a wooded hill in the neighborhood which was never observed by any one before. It waB a small house, built of hard rough stone of unequal size and firm mortar. On the roof was a turret with two small bells. Inside, the walls were painted with scenes out of the life of Jesus and Mary. Towards the front was a stone altar, and on the back wall hung a painted image of the Cruci fied. Near the altar was a small plain cupboard with some earthenware and vessels such as poor people are accus tomed to use. On the left was a kind of open chimney, manifestly used as a'fire place. Above this, in a richly adorned niche, was a beautiful image of the Mother of God with the infant Jesus in her araB, carved out of cedar, ine statue was almost life-size, and worked very artistically. A crown of pearls adorned the image of Mary, and the countenance was dusky, no doubt from the smoke of the candles burnt before it, as well as from'age. The clothing was of red woollen stuff, which color it keeps even at the present day. To the right of the altar there was a small narrow window a little above half the height of the wall, which admitted a scanty light lhe ceiling was painted blue, and divided into several parts, and stars of gold were brought upon the blue ground. The news of the strange discovery spread, and all the inhabitants around Raunitza came, but were unable to account for the event. A new wonder was to clear up the mys tery. Alexander, parish priest of ier sate, would also have liked to Bee this wonderful sanctuary, but a sickness with which he was laid up rendered it impos sible. The following night the Blessed Virgin appeared to him in a dream, and informed him that it was her house of Nazareth, which was borne thither by angels, and in proof he was able to rise suddenly cured. He hastened to Raunitza, communicated the welcome newB, and the fame of the wonder spread over the whole land. A commission of enquiry, consisting of prominent men, was sent from Dalmatia to Nazareth, and they found that the Holy House had com pletely disappeared on the 10 th ofMay Three years later (December 11, 1294) it disappeared again. On the same day it was observed on the opposite coast of the Adriatic, in Central Italy, in the territory of Recanati. There it rested in a grove of laurel trees, and its sudden appearance there was as strange to the inhabitants around as was the case before with the people of Raunitza. The laurels around bowed with deep reverence towards the Holy House. The contemporary who hands down this testimony admits that a luminous body was observed coming over the sea and settling in the laurel grove; but no one could explain it. lhe present snot was wild, and the neighborhood thinly populated, so that pilgrims were often arrested on their way by robbers and deprived of their belongings. Eight months afterwards the Holy House was found one morning dislodged and in position a kilometre further on a neigh boring elevation. At last, a few weeks later, it settled down on the extreme spur of the mountain range, m the middle of the road which leads to the sea and there it remained to the present. With out foundation, resting on uneven ground, it stands partly free in the air yet the walls never showed a crack. At present the roughness of the inner walls has become perfectly smooth from the venera tion of the millions of pilgrims who applied their lips to them, and the marble steps without testify by their hollows to the number of the kneeling pilgrims. In the following century, when it was looked upon as certain that the Holy House bad taken up a permanent station, a splendid Gothic church was built around it, so that the sacred dwelling occupied the centre, under a high cupola. From the vear 1483 the well-known Litany ot Loreto had its origin—called Loreto from the laurel grove. At present even it is sung every afternoon in the Holy House. People began to settle down in the neigh borhood, and the concourse of pilgrims increasing yearly brought about a larger population. Already m 1585 such pro gress was made that the town Loreto—so called from the holy dwelling in the grove of laurels—was raised to a bishop s seat. It numbers about 10,000 inhabitants. In 1fi91 Pone Innocent XII. allowed a proper ItaanSofiice for the 10th of Uecemher. Canons, chaplains, Capuchins, and Fran ciscans take charge of the place and of the spiritual wants of the numerous pil grims■ from Italy and elsewhere, bt. Louis, King of France, had the frescoes nainted on the occasion of his crusade to the Holy Land, and their traces are pretty well preserved on the walls in the interior of the Santa Casa (Holy House). At present a skilfully fitted marble cover ing protects the sanctuary, without how ever touching the walls. Louis XUI. made good presents, as also did many others, partly of illustrious fame partly unknown. John Sobieski, the hero o Vienna, presented precious stuffs out ot the booty taken from the Turkish camp. Thirteen Popes —the last" Piub IX.— honored this sacred place by a pilgrimage, and left valuable gifts. The wealth in money, gold, precious stonescostlyorna ments, and objects of art valued by the million, were transported to Paris by Napoleon I. The generosity of the faith ful had again enriched the holy shrine with precious gifts, but they are sidered by the worthy successors of ISapo leon I., the modern Italians, as national property. (To be continued). 