SYS F .DA GER. [CorrrunaT.] NARRATIVES OF 71' BUSIRANGING TIMES '--4 BY CAPTAIj LA CIE. THE MACQUARIE GANG. PART XV. Dressed in the dead man's clothes, and as like him as possible, Brady had little doubt that he would not draw much suspicion. He arranged that if he succeeded he would send word or bring it himself. They were to stop at the house as long as they could; but if anything occurred .to drive them away he appointed as a rendezvous a certain glen in the mountains some ttree:miles distant. He had scarcely tsa ed ~ 'ip e ifiTF?h orest: which stid~ rounded the house when tvomilen rose from behind a log close to which he' passed and stared at him. They were in convict dress, and a glance was suf ficient to show that they did not belong to the free section of the people. Their stealthy and covert actions, and the evident pains they took to conceal them selves, showed that they feared detec tion. The two strange-looking men stared as though it was a ghost and not a being of flesh and blood that had gone by and disappeared in the thicket to the left of them. " It carn't be he, Bill?" one of the men spoke, in a awe-stricken voice. The man addressed only gazed after Brady intently, and returned no answer. At last he said-" I got a regular scar ing, Allf; but, now I think of it, Reddy wasn't near as tall as that fellow. It's some bolter has got into the house and taken the clothes off." The two men who thus spoke were no others than the assigned servants who had so treacherously murdered Reddish and his wife a couple of days previously. They had left the house with the intention of going to Low lleads and trying to get off the main land inl onle of the smugglers' boats that plied in the Straits. Finding that the convict garb was against the plan they had formed the:y decided to return to the homestead, where they knew there was a suit or two of clothes which would disguise them sufficiently for their purpose. They arrived back at the moment that Brady was leaving for George Town, and, haunted with the vision of the foully murdered man, they at first thought the outlaw chief was Reddish himself. "That's wot it is; Alf. One of them chaps has been around and taken the l c'otcs 'we` 'want hadn't. we. bettetd foller and 'pot' him ?" " No. Let's go to the hu: and see if anything is left.. We might pick up something that would help us. Any- I way, we'll have to get some meat, for I'm nearly starving." They were both in the latter condi tion, if one could judge by the wolfish look in their eyes, and, without further I words, they both turned towards the clearing. They had just made half-a dozen steps when they stopped simul taneously as though a second ghost had risen in their way-and indeed they had reason to do so. Just emerging fro'm the house were three men carry ing an object which the watchers knew but too well. It was the outlaws taking I the body of Reddish to the shallow I grave which they had dug some twenty yards from the house. At first the con- 4 victs took the party, who thus per forqped the last office for the dead, to be neighboring settlers, or men sent from the station to do the work; but a few moment's reflection caused a dif ferent theory to form in their minds. There were none of the visible mani festations of constituted authority, and if it were only settlers who were thus acting they would be doing an unlawful act. Besides, neither of them could recognise any of those they saw as neighbors, and they knew the surround ing settlers well. The old man had been carried out by two of the outlaws, and when the third man made his ap pearance he did much to solve the doubts and surmises in the minds.of the crouching convicts. lHe still wore convict-dress, and the sight of the de tested garb suggested the solution. A party of bushrangers had come to the house, and, finding what had occurred, determined to turn it to some account. It could easily be seen that the old. couple had been murdered by the con vict servants, hence why should the latter run away? One of them for a' reason which the men could not fathom had put Reddish's'clothes on,-and was :-;making in the direction of George; 'Town. What the' motive was con ?dernied them but little, as the house 'was the object which their minds were -fixed on. rhey were forestalled in its (occupancy, and they mentally blamed their stupidity in not taking- what they w?anted in the first instance. For a •few minutes they silently regarded the -burying operations and saw the body of Mfrs. Reddish carried out and thrown 'into the hole. It was Bill who first 'soke, and a smile of devilish cunning lighted up his evil face as he said to his companion-: " I don't see as how we can't turn this to account, Alf. Let us to the !station and tell the commandant as -how the house was attacked by bolters and we got clear away but the old 'uns were collared. That might get us out of the mess." The convict's companion at once saw the wisdomn-of the scheme. Both of them were in a tight fix, and it would ibe'playing a trump card if they could shift the blame of the hideous murders "bo ito others' backs. The more they .regarded the idea the better it seemed, -and as it would be necessary to take 'immediate action they resolved to at once start for Launceston and make a ,statement to the authorities. Without further loss of time they turned in the direction of the settlement and reached 'the outskirts ot the town shortly after ,noon., Here they were stopped by a'con stable, and they asked to be brought to thi civil commandant as they had most important news. ]Brought before that official'they narrated in graphic fashion how the house of Reddish had been at tacked the evening previous by several armed men. They had been taken by surprise and could offer no effectual re sistance, and Reddish and his wife were both in the bed upstairs at the time. What become of them they did not know, but it was more than pro bable they fared ill at the hands of the assailants. They had concealed them selves near the house during the night and saw one of the bushrangers leave the homestead dressed in the old settler's clothes, and when they left the place there were still three men at it. Colonel Balfour was at once corn municated with, and when he had heard. the story he resolved to send a party of j soldiers to the place. It was likely enough the assailants would not bel thege.• ;ut whether or iot it would beI necessary tosend' atorce tothefairm- I Takir. six reliable men, he set out about four o'clock in the afternoon and calculated on reaching the place before I nightfall. I-IHe knew the locality well, I and even at night he would have had little difficulty in reaching it. One of the convicts-he called him Bill-ac companied the expedition, and, as cal- I culated, they came near the lonely I house about sunset. As it was possible the outlaws might be in the vicinity caution was neces sary, and, dividing his party into three, the men approached the house from different directions. 'T'hey could see smoke rising from the turf-built chim ney, and that showed that either Red dish and his wife were in the house, or the attackers had not yet gone away. The latter seemed scarcely probable as the men, whoever they might be, must know of the convicts' escape and the fact that they would give an alarm. After waiting for a few minutes on the fringe of the bush, it was seen that the outlaws had not gone away, and Balfour decided to wait until dusk and then rush the hut. From the manner those in the hut acted they did not appear to expect at tack, and this somewhat puzzled the colonel. As soon as the gathering I darkness made objects indistinct the word was given to the soldiers to creep i up to the house and at the signal rush in. Balfour himself, who never shirked danger, led the way to the back without the slightest sign that those inside were aware of the near approach of enemies. When the whole of the party had got that far Balfour moved round to the door and simultaneously the men burst in at the door and at the aperture that had been made by Brady to effect an 'l'here were three menl iside, who? were taken completely off their guard, and in an instant they were over powered and secured. Balfour at once recognised one of the captured men as identical with an as sailant at Bartlett's, and he was ex tremely pleased to find that they had thus luckily captured three mor6 of the notorious Brady. gang. The chief of them was still at large, and he seemed to have extraordinary luck in thus es caping the authorities. The captured' men maintained a sullen demeanour and would give the colonel no informa tion as to the whereabouts of Brady. Balfour, who was now getting an ex pert in the business of hunting down bushrangers, decided that he would re main in the house for three or four days in the hope that Brady might re turn; It was an off chance, but it was necessary that he should take the pre caution in case of the man's return. He would send the captured bush rangers back to Launceston in the morning and remain behind with.two men. Four [could be sufficient escort for the prisoners, and a couple of soldiers could be sent back to the house with food for the colonel. This pro gramme was faithfully carried out with what result the leader will shortly see. We must now return to Brady. He found little difficulty in making George Town, for the day was a fine one and the country 'favorable for travelling. The settlement was a small one, and at the time, as now, of little importance. It had been a military station of con siderable strength in the first instance, but Launceston had taken the lead as the principal settlement in the north some years previously. The rather awkward navigation of the Tamar River caused many vessels to still go no further than George Town, and for that reason it had been selected by the leader of the bushrangers. At Low Heads, where the Tamar en tered: the ocean, there was a ;signal station' which sent intelligence 'to George Town, and it was transmitted by similar means to Launceston. There wore several low public-houses at the settlement, small as it was, and to one of these Brady went. His appearance created no surprise, and he entered the place as though he were an ordinary customer. There were several men about the place, and the experienced eyes of the outlaw at once formed an opinion as to who and what they were. At that time there were a peculiar class in Van Dieman's Land who were half-pirate and half-bushranger. They were tolerated by the government, for at times they were very useful to the authorities; but it was simply winking at crime to act as the authorities did. These individuals were called straits men, and, as a rule, each half-dozen or sometimes less-possessed a boat. When a wreck occurred they went out and seized all the booty they could lay I their hands on, and if that sort of busi I ness was dull they not unfrequently levied a sort of blackmail on the coast ring craft of the north. There were a couple of these fellows in the tap-room which Brady entered, t and he soon made their acquaintance. t He had money enough to make him t self agreeable, and he spent it in good effect. Gradually he wormed out of 1 them, without exciting undue suspicion, a considerable amount of information. It was seldom known that a "straits man ",betrayed the escaped convicts. They invariably sided with them when they had to take sides, and on this cc casion Brady made such progress into ? the good graces of his new-found friends P that he determined on the bold and f risky step of confiding in them. Hie was an extraordinarily keen reader ol character, and he was not mistaken in ' his judgment of the two men whom he had thus fallen in with. He was niot o aware at the time that the reward for his capture, dead or alive,-had been in creased to £200oo or he might not have had the courage to tell the men who he t was. It was a risky thing, indeed, to v do; but he resolved to stake his all on it, and, taking his companions into an- 1 other room, he soon revealed his iden- f tity. He had judged his men rightly, t for the fellows so far from evincing a desire to betray him at once entered into his scheme. 'They were quite ready to join in the proposal that Brady made and. could get three others of their sort to:assist.-;. ;:The liholeofthiemwer gto'idsea Wmen, and with tihe:help ý6f: Bradyand his three companiohs they would be i able to take a ship round, the world if necessary. They were sick of the life they were leading, for Governor Arthur was beginning to put the screw on them and the good old times were passing away. Brady was of opinion that a dozen men would be required to navi gate a vessel such as they would be able to seize successfully; but his cotm panions told him that some of the crew of the vessel would be sure to throw in their let with them, and the chief trouble they would experience would he in the direction of keeping down the number that would wish to go with them. Brady felt that in taking the men into his secret he had been wise, for they soon revealed information to him which was of the greatest importance. There was a whaling vessel of about 3oo tons burthen then lying at Launceston, and she was expected down the riverat any moment. She would remain a day or two at George Town, and the straits men were acquainted with the crew. The latter were a queer lot and ripe for any mischief, so that they would fall in with the piratical proposal which would be made to them. 'The only difficulty in the way was that of Brady's com panions who had been left at Reddish's farm. As it would be necessary to set sail as soon as the ship was seized, they must be left behind, unless something was done to obviate such a necessity. Brady was faithful to his followers, and, as he would not desert them, the straits men agreed to find a secure hid ing-place if Brady would bringthem close to the station. They would meet him' at a place less than a mile from the -barracks :and ,duriiga'th'e? iiiglit woiuld snmuggle-the outlaws on to the small boat they kept on the river. It would be necessary to execute the plan at once. Brady-was of the same mind as" the two smugglers, and he decided to go back to his comrades at daylight the following morning. He could then get back about dark. He did' not doubt the faith of the straitsmen in the least, nor were they likely to prove treacher ous. In the morning he left George Town as quietly as he had entered it. WYith characteristic caution he was care ful in approaching the dead settler's house to guard against surprise. He fancied that he saw a thin wreath of smoke rising from the chimney as he neared the place, and thait would indi cate the presence of his companions. He hesitated for a time before going to the hut, and then he approached it stealthily from the back. When he had gone a few yards on the clearintg he turned back again for anr omen seemed to tell him of coming disaster. He had arranged a signal with his late com rades to discharge a musket and this he decided to do. For a few minutes no thing in the way of an answer was given until another shot was fired from the hut: This was -the signal agreed on, and yet something misgave him that everything was not right. To make sure he decided to make a trial that would be very risky in itself, yet not so liable to end in capture as'if he walked to the house. Strolling out into the clearing, he sat down on a log about So yards from the'house and kept a close watdh on the place. For nearly half an-hour he thus sat, and he was now convinced that something was wrong in the hut. He would still further test the point by another ruse, and he then made-a show as if to retreat. He had not gone many-yards back towards the bush when three shots were fired from the hut at him and several men ran out of it after him. He had unmasked the enemy in a very unpleasant way, but he \- trusted to his fleetness of foot and en dduirance to get away. He had just I reached the edge of the cover when a fourth shot was fired, and the ball passed through his right thigh. It did Snot touch the bone, but inflicted a very Spainful wound and affected one of the Ssinews, as he soon found. He could Snot run nearly so fast as previously, and he saw at once that he would have to I make a fight of it. His pursuers were Sgaining ground, and, turning round, he Sfired at the foremost soldier. The shot r was resultless, and, throwing away the e musket, Brady continued his flight. His wound was now beginning to tell on him. He was fast losing his natural Scourage, which seemed to leave him t with the oozing blood. He still had two pistols, and, turning for the second Stime, he fired at the approaching foes, \- and then as if a nervous fear had seized -him he stood stock still and waited for t his pursuers to come up. As they sur y rounded him hlie threw down his pistols and was quickly secured. The famous y leader of the Brady gang was thus cap t- tured almost without a struggle. In due time the trial of the outlaws s came off, and, of course they were all I, sentenced to death. The part which . the two convicts took in the murder of 1- the Reddishs' was also cleared up; but d the authorities, in view of the way they if had been instrumental in effecting the s, capture of the gang, did not execute . but sent them to Norfolk Island. D 4e 5 (THE END.) 