The White L*ie, {Continued from last issue.) Mrs. Trevor, under such conditions, could hardly bo expected to weep at the intelligence. The first impulse was to despatch a telegraphic message to Frank, to find him as: fate and the field service might direct, and then, womanlike, she pictured to heiY>elf their new life under the.se altered circumstances. The morning quickly passed, and the afternoon crept 011—still to find Mrs. Trevor en dhliabiUe for she had many letters to write, and all sorts of things to think about. The piping of the canaries in their little room at the end of the verandah apprised her of the fact that in her excitement their wants had been forgotten. Ashamed of her neglect, she ran to look after her pets, and was busily engaged in filling their seed boxes when someone cantered into the compound, and hastily dismounted. The door of the room where the birds were, a bijou drawing room opening into the verandah, had been taken away, and its place filled by a curtain. Mrs. Trevor had barely time to hide behind this before General Bateson appeared, evidently labouring under some unusual disquiet, for he strode rapidly up and down the verandah before a servant came. When a Khitmatgar arrived he said : 4 Where is the mem- sahib ? Give her my salaams, quick ! ' The native looked into the large drawing room ; consulted with the ayah, who examined lier mistress's bedroom ; asked the mali, who said that the mem-sahib was not in the garden ; the coachman and syce had not seen her at the stables ; so siie had evidently gone out. This seemed to annoy the General considerably. ' Confound it,' he muttered ; 4 1 wish I had. been the first to break the news to lier. It would be a capital leadin. I expect some, of the women folk have got hold of her by this time. Well, it can't be helped,' and he rode off. Mrs. Trevor full of the intelligence from England, smiled in her retreat at the General's anxiety to be the first to let her know of old Mr. Trevor's death. Of course lie had seen it in the mail papers at the club, and they had probably announced her husband's succession to the estate, fehe amazed the ayah a moment later by calling for her to prepare her clothes for going to church. Service had commenced when she arrived. A young curate preached a long and somewhat tedious sermon 011 the necessity of accepting afflictions with resignation. To keep her thoughts from wandering she picked up a Bible and read a few passages aimlessly. At last she chanced upon the eleventh chapter of Samuel, and, as the dramatic episode therein recorded unfolded itself to her, she felt herself beginning to blush violently, though why this should be she could not, for the life of her, tell. The Scriptural narrative is an unpleasantly direct one. There is no circumlocution about the story of David's temptation and fall. One of the wisest of men a mere animal—he who controlled others ungoverned himself—'tis but a sorry spectacle. Mrs. Trevor closed the book almost nervously, and the conclusion of the sermon distracted her attention. When she came outside and called the coolies to bring her 'dandy,' a sort of sedan-chair affected by Anglo-Indian ladies when dressed dc riyueur, the omnipresent pony being then impossible, she wondered that none of the men came and spoke to her, as was their wont. The wife of the senior chaplain approached her hurriedly, and Mrs. Trevor was vaguely conscious that the good lady wore a mixed expression of agitation and surprise when greeted with smiling welcome. ' Shall I sec you home ? ' said the chaplain's wife. , ' Do, by all. means,' said Mrs. Trevor, ' I have had such eventful ' (' good,' she was about to say, but checked herself in time) ' news from England to-day,' and she forthwith detailed the particulars of old Mr. Trevor's death and the altered condition of their affairs. Her hearer ought to have overflowed with feminine sympathy, and entered eagerly into the discussion of future plans, but she did not. When they had reached the house Mrs. Trevor gave some orders concerning tea, and was about to ask Mrs. Goodacre why she appeared to be so oppressed, but the latter laid her hand 011 Isobel's shoulders and said, with difficulty repressing her tears, ' Have you received 110 other news to-day ? ' ' No,' replied Mrs, Trevor, wonderingly. 4 1 thought not ; no one dared to tell you. My dear, dear child, it is not so bad as it might be, but there has been a battle on the frontier.' Isobel's face became pale with terror, but she spoke with metallic clearness. 4 Is Frank dead ? ' she said. Tho other woman realised that the direct truth was the best. 'No,' she answered, 4 but he is missing.' Little as Isobel knew of tribal warfare, she instantly grasped the dread significance of this statement. Frank missing— lying dead or dying behind some rock, or fallen into the hands of infuriated and cruel border robbers. In a few seconds she passed through the agony of a human tragedy. Her wedded happiness, Frank's departure for the campaign and the manner in whichliis appointment was secured, General Bateson's subsequent behaviour, the sudden accession of wealth, and now this closing news, coming so quickly upon the strange tumult of thought in the church. Ob, it was too much to be borne. Kindly nature came to her aid. With a wild scream and an unintelligible utterance which Mrs. Goodacre afterwards imagined to be some disconnected and hysterical allusion to Scripture, Isobel fell fainting into her friend's arms. General Bateson passed a rather sleepless night, and was up in the saddle at an unusually early hour. Insensibly he turned his pony into the path leading to Mrs. Trevor's house, and, when he came within sight of the compound lie saw, to his amazement, unmistakable signs of the departure of some person. Servants were hurrying in and out, leather portmanteaus were being carried by coolies in the direction of the Tonga station, and before he could inquire from the bearer what the commotion was about, Mrs. Trevor, white and ill-looking, entered the verandah . For a moment the two looked at each other without speaking. Then the General jumped off his pony, and advanced to the steps. 4 Where are you going ? ' he said. 4 To my husband,' answered Isobel ; and into those words she imparted such heartfelt anguish, combined with scorn, for him who questioned her that, with the perfect tact that never failed him, he remained silent. She turned and re-entered the drawing room, coming back a moment later with something in her hand. ' I11 my hurry 1 had forgotten this,' she said, a fierce colour, lighting up the tearstained cheeks. 1 Take it ! ' and she flung the bracelet into General Bateson's face. He afterwards explained the nasty cut under his eye as having been caused by a projecting branch while galloping carelessly. Yet, as lie wiped the blood away, there were tears in his eyes. Notwithstanding her half-dazed condition, Mrs. Trevor was vaguely conscious that the difficulty of a journey almost impossible for a woman seemed to melt away with wonderful ease. After reaching Pesliawur she found some people who evidently expected lier, and a staff-surgeon came with her during a weary, dâk journey. Then, at some time—when or where she could never remember—Ihere rode a small detachment of sowars out (if the hills, with an English officer risking his neck and the horse's legs over Ihe stony track as he tiew ahead on catching sight of the approaching cavalcade. All men in uniform, especially in khaki, look alike at a distance, but surely this one was strangely like Frank—and why (should he wave his helmet so wildly and gallop so fiercely ? If Isobel had bowed before sorrow she was even more effected by joy. It was fully two days before she could understand thoroughly on the hundredth repetition, that Frank had only followed up the pursuit so far that he and his three men were given up for lost, and when they returned, the field telegraph had broken down, owing to the accidental bursting of a shell in the instrument case. 4 What a poor little white ghost you did look when I met you, Isobel,' he cried. * But just imagine a weak little woman like you venturing into such a country.' ' I would never have returned if I had not found you, dear,' she said, placing lier arms round his neck as he bent over and kissed lier. A lucid interval occurred later, and Frank said with a laugh :— 'You would never have got beyond Pesliawur, nor would I met you as I did, had it not been for that brick, General Bateson.' 4 What had he to do with it ? ' demanded Isobel. Not noticing the hardness of lier tone lier husband answered : * Oh, he telegraphed orders all along the line about you, arranged for your prompt departure with sufficient escort, gave imperative instructions to the transport concerning your ponies and bullocks, and, finally, had special messengers sent in front to learn the exact facte, so that you might be stopped, and brought back by main force, before you reached really difficult country, if it were all up with me. You can hardly imagine what trouble he took in the matter, because under ordinary circumstances, don't you know, the authorities would not have allowed you to leave Pesliawur.' Major Trevor, who did not retire from the service, was placed 011 the staff of the Punjaub Frontier Force after returning from a short furlough in England, and among the first to congratulate him by letter was General Bateson, who went on to say :— 4 By the way, Mrs. Trevor dam- aged a bracelet whilst at Dariabagh, and forget it in the hurry of her dramatic departure. I have taken the liberty to restore it with some alterations—these latter to serve as a souvenir of her visit to the hills. I am sending it by this post and I hope you will allow me to make Mrs. Trevor this small present. It is a slight token of the high esteem in which I hold her and you.' * He is a really nice fellow,' said Frank as he handed her the ornament—and she had not tin 1 heart to disagree with him. As she clasped the ornament round lier wrist—* just to see how it would look '— Isobel noticed that under the row of pearls there was a circlet of rubies. 