THE HEIR OF BARTH. CHAPTER XXV. 'MY LIFE IS DREARY— HE COMETH NOT.' Oil tlio Sabbath when James Yvrigicy Jiaa been informed of tlie hour of tlie proposed ? marriage of Sir Rupert and Natolic, he made a detour from his road home for the purpose of seeing Tony Pettigrew. They had some conversation, Tony standing in the door of the little cabin which, hermit-like, he inhabited, and his master and evil genius on horseback near him. On Monday morning, Tony I ettigrew was on the road, bright arid early. The direct, road from the rcctory of the incumbent of St. Cleopas to that church lay through wood lands and wide-spreading fields for four miles, about half way in its course passing ? the little stone hut whence Timniy Titlow had earned Sir Rupert. Near the rectory was a larger and more modern church, where service was held, every evening and on the appointed week days. Tony, perched high in an elm-tree, finally saw the rector, at ten, come out of the rectory gate on his nag and pace down the road. _ Down from the elm came Mr. Pettigrew and ran for the hut. There he crouched until he heard the sound of feet on the soft road and saw through the open door the approach ing parson. ' Oh-h-h-000 !' groaned Tony, in a terrible Voice. He groaned even louder. ? The rector checked his nag and listened. Another pcrfcctly heart-rending groan from Tony. ' Hark there ! Who's there ? What's,, wrong ?' cried the rector. ' A moan from Tony and a stammer of : ' Help ! Oh, I'm dying ! Save a poor sinner! Oh-ooo !' This was more than the good man could endure. Here was a fellow-mortal in dis . tress — sick, dying, in need of aid, physical and spiritual. He alighted, threw the reins on tho nag's neck and slowly entered the hut. Coming from daylight tho little stone room was perfect blackness ; but a moan called the j amiable Levite toward a corner where he faintly discerned a heap of something. Here, in fact, lay Tony ; and as the rector bent over him, reaching out a hand to] touch him, the scoundrel rolled over, caught the good man's legs in his brawny arms and flung him on his face. Instantly up sprang Tony, and, darting out of the hut, closed the door and fastened it with the heavy , iron hooks. The clergyman was now securely boxed, and the shouts that he uttered came but faintly through the thick walls. Looking about to see that the coast was clear, Tony leaped on the nag, and galloped a . mile back toward the rectory, when he tied the beast to a tree. As this was a side road, little travelled, save by the rectory people and certain village labourers, who passed along about six, morning and evening, to and from their work, Tony concluded his prisoner was safe for some hours to come, and hastened back to his own present dwelling to be in readiness for the next service required by Wrigley. Caged in .a manner so utterly unpre cedented, the good rector at first roared lustily for help ; but no help came. Having exhausted himself by his calls, and his eyes becoming accustomed to the gloom, and find ing the hut entirely empty except for some straw, he approached where a line of light indicated the door, and strove to burst it open. Having no instrument to aid him, he soon perceived that these efforts were .idle. If he set his shoulder to the door, he merely pushed it against the firm resistance of the frame ; if he stove to jndl it open he had nothing by which to grasp it. The hut had neither chimney nor window . Hot, nearly suffocated, his goodly black suit cobwebbed and dusty, perspiration pouring over his dusty face, and his hair full of ends of straw, the demoral ized rector concluded that he had only to wait nntil he heard passing stops, and then call for helii. James Wrigley had already planned how this lielp was to arrive for him. Wrigley meant about two o'clock to be riding by the hut, ? gently humming a tune. The prisoner would then cry to him, and he, in deep amaze, would let him out, full of sympathy for his misfor tunes and of anger at the sinner who had be trayed the good man. Portune, however, did not wait on the move ments of the astute Wrigley. Since receiving his . legacy, Timmy Titlow had taken a regular summer holiday, as be came a man of property. Ho received five or six days' leave, walked to his native village, saw all his ' cousins and his aunts,' and, after a brief sojonrn, walked back to his duties at tho reservoir. This very second day of May he was Oil his return, and the rector had not been an hour in durance vile — indeed, it was yet about twenty minutes before twolve — when Mr. Titlow came tramping down the road, melodiously whistling ' Blue ' Bonnets over the Border.' - . The notes of the ditty fell ? sweets -a angolic strains on the ear of the prisoner in tho hut. Ho flew at the door, and, beating with fists \- and feet, lie roared : „ out ! . Let me out ! Open the dooV ! Ho! Help! Help!' V ' Savo ™ all !' ejaculated 'Mi'. Titlow ' I'm ? the man'for adventure !' ' ' H°, ho ! Help ! Open tlio door !'' ? I ve seen ghosts and I've heard ghosts, and here.s the noisiest ghost I've dealt with ' yet- _ quoth Tnmny, vory cautiously approach ang the door ; ' and my ghosts always tnrn 011 to be people. This sounds like a man.' ..Quick , Open the door ! for Heaven's sake, open the door!' _ Ami- lileo & wild man,' said Timmv. ?Xmvst be-very kcerful; Ho, who'sin there f' Let mo out ! I'jn rector of St. Cleopas,' 'That can't be possible,' said Timmy. | ' How came you here ?' .'I was deceived in here and fastened in Open the door, in the name of Heaven ! I have a marriage in tho church and 1 11 be too late !' 'Were you robbed or murdered?'' de manded Timmy, slowly revolving this infor mation in his calm mind. ' No, no ; it was a trick. Open the door, I say.' . 'I'm afraid you're crazy and will jump at me,' said Titlow. 'No, no. Let me out — or I'll have you. arrested!' . ' How can you have me arrested if I don t open the door ?' The prisoner pounded harder than ever. ' Let me out !' 'Well, you are wicious'' said Timmy. ' Stand by, now. I've got a big, thick stick and the greatest kind of a jack-knife, all open. If you jump at me, I'll let fly. I really will — in self-defence. Hold, now ! I'll unhook this door, and you can come out easy.' He set himself in a posture of defence, pried up the two big hooks, which his cousin Tony had driven firmly down, and as the door swunf back he set himself to receive the onset of a crazy man. The unlucky rector came forth meekly, winking his eyes in the broad noon light. 'You're a hard- looking rector,' suggested Timmy T. 'So I feel,' said the rector, dubiously, seeking his hat. Then he took out his handkerchief to wipe his face. The sight of this ecclesiastical cambric was as a wide banner of peace to Mr. Titlow ; he dropped his weapons. ' Somebody's served your reverence a vile trick,' he said, beginning to brush off his broadcloth. The rector took out his watch. In his frantic exertions it had stopped. ' It's about noon,' said Timmy, looking at the sun. ' I must hurry on to the church,' said the rector. ' I'll bear you company,' said Timmy, ' lest you are waylaid again, sir.' It was lialf-past twelve when they reached Saint Cleopas — and the wedding-party had , gone. ' The young gentleman was terribly cut up about it,' said the sexton to the rector, ' and he left this note. The ladies were regular ladies, and the young one is pretty as a picter, and they hardly knew how to look. I was main sorry for them.' 'So ami,' said the rector, opening Sir Rupert's note, which informed him that the wedding-: arty would return next day at half past, ten and if anything were likely to hinder the rector from performing his duty, the sexton was to be sent that night to Iiare Street, Bethnal, to inform Rupert. ' I was just setting out to bring you the note,' said the sexton. ' Well, my man, go quickly to Hare-street with thin note, explaining what has happened. To-morrow I shall surely be here in time, for I shall bring three servants with me as a guard. Some enemy has done this, and it shall be re ported at once to the police.' The rector went home by a different road, and found one of his servants leading up the nag, which he had recently discovered tied to a tree. At two o'clock Wrigley passed the hut — and found in open and empty. Uttering imprecations on Tony, he hurried ?to the church, and his friend, tho gate-woman, explained to him the non-arrival of the clergy man and the disappointment of the young couple. She also gave Wrigley the address which Rupert had left for the clergyman's note. Furnished with this information Wrigley hastened into the city and inquired of Rupert's landlady for her young lodger. ' The lodgings is give up for to-morrow,' she said, ' and I'm main sorry, for he's an elegant young man and no trouble. But lord, sir, he's to be married, like the rest of them. It's natural, ain't it sir ? He has gone over to No. 11 Bird Cage Walk. That's where the young lady lives. They was to marry this morning and the clergyman was too late and it's off until to-morrow. He feels dreadfully over it.' To 11 Bird Cage Walk proceeded Wrigley and dropping into the baker's shop he inquired fot- lodgings to let, bought some cakes and sat eating them. 'We have an apartment to rent after to morrow, sir,' said the baker's wife ; and then she, told of the wedding that did not come off and of the surprised and disappointed young couple now trying to take a cheerful view of affairs in the ' first floor front.' 'The boxes sir was all corded up and the lady, the mother, had paid her bills, and treated the servant and the children 'andsome. I'll never see as nice lodgers in my first-floor front again sir.' It was now five o'clock. ? - Wrigley went out, sent a dispatch to Tony Petrigrew at the Kilburn office, where that worthy was in waiting, and then being assured that Rupert was still at No. 11 Bird-Cage Walk, he called for a supper at a chop-house where he sat in a window commanding a view of the baker's front door. When it grew dark he went out here and there on the block until at ten his patience was rewarded by seeing Rupert leave No. 11 and start toward Hare-street. Since noon it had been to Rupert to Natolie and the contcssa a strange uncomfortable day. J\ _ All arangements had been made to proceed 'directly after the 'marriage to the house in Hackney. ' A dinner had been ordered to be sent: theie at five, and the servant was to appear at four. | In the contessa's lodgings and in Rupert's lodgings boxes were standing, corded, ready to be carried away by'- tlie mai; who was to have been sent for thorn that evening. Nearly all their joint possessions had already gone over to the Hackney house. , The rooms, despoiled of tho decorations and familiar articles which had made 'tlieni look home-like, had a most, bare and forbidding appearance. The world seemed to have some how rolled out of its course. The eontmd felt oppressed with a sense of coming evil, with ' which she battled as a superstition. Natolie 'was so bewildered that slio would ? have liked to cry; but crying was not lier .forte, and glio resisted the impulse. On returning to the city, with all their plans disorganized, Rupert proposed ' that they should go over to Hackney as they expected, have the dinner as it was ordored, and sot up their housekeeping. In this plan, as it proved, was safety, , but it did not please the contessa. Tho house of Hackney was Rupert's, and she and hor child could not take tip their t-svboclo there uutil tho marriage. ceroinoiiy had been performed. They must each return to their former lodgings. Rupert then accompanied them to _ the Cannon-street hotel, ordered a dinner in a private parlour, and went to tho wholesale house where he was employed to explain his misfortune to the chief clerk and ask for one day's extension of his leave of ab sence. After dinner, he had gone a moment to Hare Street, to tell his landlady where to send any message that might come from the rector, and then adjourned with the contcssa and Natolie to Bird-Cage Walk. The rector's note arrived, by favour of the sexton, betweon five and six, and -great was the wonder it occa sioned. The contessa almost admitted that she be lieved something of evil impended, and this was not the last of their misfortunes. ' I feel so, too,' declared Rupett ' and I think we should not divide our forces. You and Natolie cannot sit up all night, but I can see if your landlady has a sittingroom or some sort of a shelter for me, and I will stay here.'. Doubtless his good angel inspired tho pro position, but the contessa's sense of propriety combatted it. That would never do. She could take care of her daughter. Hare-street was not so far away. By eight next morning Rupert could return, and they would set out once more for St. Cleopas. Pic ! What a foolish pair of children they were. It was now ten — it w.ould be but ten hours before they met, and to-morrow evening they could laugh at all the misadventures of the day ! Thus she cheered up the young pair, and they finally parted with smiles. Silencc now settled in Bird-Cage Wftlk. The contessa and her daughter retired, but neither slept. They were both awake at one, ?\vlien a carriage rattled to the door, and they heard a voice asking if the Contessa Idria lived there. , 'Mother ! Mother!' cried Natolie, spring ing up. Something dreadful has happened !' The kontessa threw on a wrapper and stepped into the hall. The baker had opened the front door. ' I am here,' said the contessa, from the top of the stairs. The man from the carriage stepped inside. ' Please, ma'am, is it your daughter, Miss Idria, is to marry young Mr. Rupert — Rupert Bar tli ?' ' Yes — it is,' said the contessa. ' And, if you please, I'm sorry to bring bad news ; but she is sent for. He is hurt — he has had a terrible fall. I have the carriage here for her to come quickly.' Natolie, who stood at her mother's shoulder, gave a wild scream. 'We will come in an instant,' said the contessa. ' Natolie, my dearest, this is the time for self-control. Child — dress yourself, and we will go. I trust this wiU not prove serious.' With trembling haste the two women dressed ; Natolie kept sobbing as her fingers flew over buttons and hooks — and so indeed did the contessa. In a brief space they were dressed and shawled, and taking nothing with them, they hurried to the carriage. The civil-spoken man was holding open tlio door, the baker, standing bareheaded and barefooted, expressed his sympathy, and exhorted them to keep their courage up, and they whirled away. They tore along far faster than they knew. ' Mother, we must be there by now !'' cried Natolie. Still the carriage sped on. The contessa tried to pull down the window, but it would not move. ' Where are we going ?' she cried. 'Mother! Mother !' screamed Natolic, ' I am sure we have been in here long enough to travel over half London. My Rupert will die before I get to him. Mother, break the win dow ! Make that man hear!' The contessa called to the driver, and beat on the roof of the cab, and on the back of the driver's seat. 'Aye!' cried the man, suddenly, putting his mouth to a slide near the scat. ' Where are you going ? We should have been at Hare Street long ago !' 'Aye, ma'am, I'm taking you 'where the gentleman is — out to Bidcbank Hall, ma'am.' ' To Bidebank Hajl ? He is not there !' ' He were sent for there this evening, ma'am. I'm a servant there, please, and he fell down the great stairs as he went up — and Lord Bidebank is there, now, and he sent for the young lady.' The man shouted this information as he drove on at full speed. ' My Rupert will die ! Die before I get to him!' cried poor Natolie, in floods of tears. 'We shall soon be at Bidebank, at this rate,' said the contessa, also weeping. On, on, on ! Would that drive never end ? The contessa accused herself of impatience, of nervousness. She again forced the driver's attention. '.Man! Where are you going? We should have been at Bidebank before this !' ' Oh,, no ma'am ! It seems long to you. But the sewers are up, and I had to go round away. The horses is tired, ma'am — thoy goes slow.' ' They'ro tearing-I never went so fast,' said Natolie. . ' I know lie lias lost his way !' 'I cannot see. any thing, it is so dark,' aaid her mother. ; On, on, on, furiously ! Thoy had passed Hamstead Heath without knowing it, and oh, on, into ah open country. Thoy were hopeless —they could .only go. on, on. At last the carrige stopped. The man opened the door in the darkness to the women, 'half dead -with terror, sorrow and fatigue. They were at some great dark stone building, and they alighted on a flight of stops. The driver led them up respectfully, saying : ' WeHj ma'am we're hore.' - , Ho tried the dpor. ; Then ho pulled the bell. Natolie and tlio contessa clung, sliivoring, togctlior. ? : : i Tlio door was unbolted, and a great, dark, bare .hall= appeared, Ht only,' by a flickering candle, carried by a woman who opened the door. * ... ? ' This way, please,' she said. 'The house lias beon so long empty. . This way, please.' ' Mother ! Where are wo ?' cried Natolie. ' Oh, how is Rupert ? Whore is ho? Is lie dead? ' No, no, miss, ho is better. Come this way, .please, to a sitting room. All is in' such con fusion hero,' ~ ' Tlio 'Miiteusa movcd a step or two, regain ing possession of herself. Then she throw her arms about hor daughter's- waist. 'Child, stop! ^ Woman, where are we? Answer mo ! What does this mean ? This is not Bidebank Hall!' | Just thon tho door clanged behind them, a lock turned outside, whecla drove away. CHAPTER XXVI. WORDS WRITTEN IN BT,OOD. As the contessa exclaimed that this was not Bidebank Hall, the woman who carried the candle opened a door to a large, cheerless sit ting-room. ' In here, please,' she repeated, monoto nously. ' Oli, yes, it is Bidebank 'All. You were never in the rear before, ma'am. Ser vant's quarters isn't like quality's quarters. I'm keeping the 'All now. Lord Bidebank seldom comes. I'll go see now if tho young lady is to go to the young gentleman immejit.' She set down the candle, and left mother and daughter looking apprehensively at each other in the flickering light. Presently the woman returned. ' The young lady will please comc.' ' Wo will both go, ' said the contessa. ' The doctor says he is to see but one at a time. You wonld'nt like to harm 'him my [ lady, by excitement.' ' Mamma I must go,' pleaded Natolie. i ' Not without mo,' said the contessa, firmly. The three stood silent for an instant. '. Suppose, then my lady, that you come first and satisfy yourself, and then I'll call miss.' ' Oh, be quick mamma, or I shall go wild !' said Natolie. 'Why not both together? We are quite composed.' ' My lady, I daren't disobey doctor's strict orders.' ' Go, go, mamma !' said Natolie, pushing her mother gently toward the door. ? The unhappy contessa bade her daughter remain there and she would return within five minutes and followed her guide who had secured another candle. They passed up a stairway and into a rear room. The woman told the contessa she would just look into the bedroom to see if all were ready, and passed through a door, leaving the contessa in darkness. The five minutes promised to Natolie went by, and still the contessa stood alone. . Much alarmed, she called aloud several times. She then walked forward until she touched the wall, and passed along it, moving her hand over the wainscoting until she found a door. This she tried vainly to open. She knocked and shook the handle, but got no response. She moved on until she found another door, also fast. She then began to move hurriedly around, trying whatever doors she found, also a window, until, in the darkness and her excitement, she had been around the apartment several times. She stamped upon the floor and beat the wall, and then sank, exhausted. By this time she- saw the faint gray of spring dawn creeping in at two aper tures high up toward the ceiling. . An hour or more passed over the wretched contessa. Then the day had fully come to the outer world, and she saw her prison by the little light which came in through two crescents cut in the heavy oak shutters. There '.?ras a worn carpet on the floor, a chair and a little cloth cot without any dressing. There v.rere two doors and a window. This window \fas firmly fastened down, and had a wire screen fixed inside, and the oaken shutters cdtside. '} Having made another effort to call her cap Cvrs, the contessa, who was of stately height, c-limbed upon the chair and the window- sill to l(','i-k out through tho narrow orescent in the f'vp of the shutter. ( She saw no roofs, only tree-tops, and far ejivay a strip of ploughed field. u'.She was in a state of frenzy. Where 'was i;;p'r idolized daughter ? How had they been '-strayed into this place? Her mind first fastened on Rupert. Had ho deceived them all along ? Was he r'ot really poor, and was he not really desirous of marrying Natolie ? Was the nonappear a -ice of the rector a part of his whole plan, a5id had lie inveigled them here, by that piti f tl tale, to separate the daughter from the guardianship of her mother ? The contessa's brain whirled. Her heart t-eat as if to suffocate her ; her blood boiled. She was frantic* (To be continued .) 