DULY A CAPTAIN, At the meeting of two ways in a country district of France, an old bent woman, in a long, grey, hooded cloak, was stumbling along. Capt. Latoon pulled lus panting horse to its haunches as a face, wrinkled and malevolent, like that of the witch in the stories, was raised to his— a vestige of a woman, a hag. "The way to Ville de Louis, my good woman?' A shrivelled hand half raised itself from the. grey cloak, showing that it bore a bundle of boughs; the face was more " malevolent; the eyes deep and flashing out of their faded pupils. "Ah, my fine officer," these seemed to say. "you would know, you shall not— you who have ruined our crops, our homes. "What matters whether French or German, do you not stand for the war which destroys?" As a matter of fact the woman said nothing, only turned away after that glance. "The virgins and the saints! I might as well ask a deaf mute. Which? The right or the left?-' With characteristic recklessness he risked the left-hand road. The twilight deepened, his eyes closed, his legs fell languidly over the flanks of his steed, and this devastated region of the Loire faded from his sight. " Again it was Paris, gay and beautiful. Again Pleasure held the alluring cup. And' where were the estates in Nor mandy! An abyss of debt yawned be fore the last Count Latoon. / A' 'lunge forward, downward; arid the rider was' rising from the dust, 'wide awake, while the bay horse rolled over, witli_ twitching muscles following a co.i- vulsive tremor of the limbs. -''//- '/Looking, about, a flickering; light capglif his eye. Approaching, he saw -tliaV; the , light came from "the,: second story of a rambling, stone dutellirigV1 : -. :He / pushed tlie door farther on its creaking -liinges" and .entered; ' There were half-filled wine-glasses, a half, dozen; chairs' hastily 'pushed' back: Somethingstrangelylike'riwail.ledliim to drop'a mouthful. " ' //Desperation 'ahd the wish tq'firid.sorrie guide, /food, or a place to rest had justi fied his intrusion; but no w 'all ' ceritred- in a: devouring' curiosity.. With his "hand on .a pistol - he' stole- toward the mysterious door, which he flung open. -. " //'Pardon nie, but I am seeking a guide: This/must pardon, the intrusion,'!- said' Capt. Latoon. ' 7 Blinded by a" sudden- glare from the candle in a tall bra'zeri candlestick.1 he; first became aware of a gioye on the pqlished jloor, /arid beside it ;a little" rid ing whip. .. .- . ; 7 Then he' saw a high-posted bedstead with the', curtains 7 drawn/ back,/ and- a siiny graceful; figure in a blue riding liabit. stretched over something that, lay motionless on the counterpane. ' How lopg he remained there he /could no t have told. . : A moverrien t of/ the grieving, woman caused a revulsion, and he ' realised.1 that lie. was : an intruder; He stepped, backward, his spur clanking, - to close the door on this scene which/his presence profaned. . ' " 7 / /i; / Turning about on his heel, Latoori saw a tall young woman, her. blue costume falling in folds that revealed a graceful figure. -v : "Mademoiselle, pardon my clumsj' in trusion, I am Felix Latoori, Count de Latoon in Normandy,/ arid a captain of the Hussars. -I'lost my / way, and being without a horse— mine fell dead of ex haustion a: half Hour ago — I came /to wards the nearest liglit-yours. I could make no one hear; I .thought the place deserted." ' -' "Your intrusion is pardonable/' : she ! interrupted, - a weariness of the world, -showing in lier. voice. / "Tliey are all gone— fled or. deserted/-except we three,!' .and she/ pointedn;to , 'the, .figure on/the .'counterpane. / „ "Mademoiselle,'/ interrupted / - Felix, bowing low, "I trust you may' deerii 'me a gentleman. As one I would proffer you my service." 7''-7::.7;/'-;-/t/./V;/V' "M. Latoon, as you call yourself/he, there— so still, .so terrible/O, so terrible— is my father. We were fleeing frorii tlie German's 'and we became separated,' rny father, our servant / arid I, . from tlie others. ; As best we could — he was sud denly stricken sick— the/ man and I took my. father here, to this house, your dwel ling, perhaps, which we " found aban doned! / Our servant went to search for some one, for :a doctor. ;/ He. hardly was gone when my father, was taken as you see him. now, so still! so Horrible!" -With a sob she threw herself beside her dead. " Felix closed the. door softly on this sorrowing woman. This was not the same Felix Latoon who had. sounded" the brazen knocker of. the dwelling; no longer did the shadows seem to harbor some ghostly mystery, for he had seen the real- fact .of death and suffering. Felix had discovered -something more and of deeper' import than all. of his philosophy. . Latoon ; went about tlie empty/rooms/; which : were. full, of chill and musty smells. He discovered another candle in the dining-room, a bottle of wine, and. the fuel. 7 Might she not. be .fearful- of him ?. I-Iad his explanation beeri enough ? So he questioned, as he knocked timidly. 7 "Mademoiselle,!' said Latoon humbly, before her soiTOW, "I will watch for you, if you can rest. I have prepared the next, room for you; as best I could/ -It will be' as well for you if you' can rest." "Ah, sir, but I.1 cannot. My dead is here.. I will-1 stay with thirii uhtii.'jnyi friends come/'- " ' "If you- will trust" nie,": .he- - began j again, gently. 7- "Would you' riot/ better try to-rest? :.I .will watch for you./ You will' find tlie 'morrow liard enough, arid can I- not' prevail/ on you to prepare .for it as best you may?" ;' / / 7- , - -Reaching the- door, she turned gravely to him: : "I will; accept; your kindness; for/I 'can but— ; I must trust you." ' / . The. candle sputtered /arid/flickered. The" watcher fell . into - a .vague ' drowse! He thought, he was in Normandy, and Pedro, the hound, was lyirig at his feet, while a little dried old' woman, his mo ther's maid, told him ghost" stories. One of the narratives was his own recent ex perience. "And the house vanished utterly," went on Annette's quivering tone. Or was it Annette? Was it not the old grey woman he had met at the cross roads? But she faded, and he was at a great ball in Paris. He could distin guish the faces, the chatter of voices, the inflections, the scent of roses. "Bah, women are dolls, playthings, sawdust marionettes, ah, arti!" Boisboy, the, clever Boisboy, was saying. Felix then noticed a sweet, charming sad face, a graceful figure, turned to wards him; Boisboy's sneer was hideous. That fair face gave Boisboy the lie, and he had slapped his friend's smiling face. The music crashed. They grappled. The whole ballroom a glare of faces — and — "Monsieur!" The sleeper sprang up, shaking the stiffness from his limbs, rubbing the sleep from his heavy eyes. A man dressed as a priest was shaking Latoon by the shoulders. "M. Latoon, you have fallen asleep with weariness." The phantoms of the night were gone. The figure on the counterpane had lost its weirdness. Latoon bowed to the cler gyman, as becomes a devout believer.- "Father, I was tired, and I must have slept." :-': "A great man died last night, M: 'La/ toon; the last, save one, of a noble name." He leaned toward the silent figure on the bed. - "Monsieur— Capt. Latoon, thebereaved young lady has told me of- yoiir/good service. Monsieur, I would thank you for the family of. the Duke, and for. her, the mourner." . Felix bowed, saddened, for he thought suddenly he might never see, again the young lady whom, fortune had cast in his path only to snatch away. "Capt. Latoon, you are m haste, to re sume your journey. A horse and guide are at the door to carry you to the army of the Loire.." And Capt. Latoon saw in these ur bane accents a polite dismissal. "May I not bid good-bye to the young lady?" "She commissioned me to express her gratitude." "Yes, I will not disturb the mourner. I will take up my journey," assented Felix. . . , A few years later Col. Latoon, fresh from service in Algiers, caught a glimpse of a face in a carriage on the Aveuue du Bois du Boulogne. "Who may that iadv be? ' he asked of his companion. "Do you not know? Ah, you hate been in Algiers. Mile. Clan e de Chan- tillon." But Latoon knew that charming face, which could belong to only one person in the world. He managed in some way to meet nei, and they who know the story declare that through the adventure of a mgnt an impoverished Count of Normandy, a colonel from Algiers, won, over many suitors, the richest heiress of France.— "New York News." 