ASLEEP OR AWAKE A TRUE AND THRILLING STORY OF A SPECTRAL, SUPERNATURAL, AND SOMNAMBULISTIC EPI- SODE IN AN OTHERWISE CALM CAREER CHAPTER I. The Murder of the Native Woman I had been in India little more than two years, when I was sent to a frontier station to take charge of half a company of native artillerymen and two guns. It was about the smallest command that an officer could hold, but it was to a great extent an inde- pendent one, with very little to do, except to attend muster every month; and both the independence and leisure had great charms for a young sub, who, having bean early snubbed for "zeal," had made up his mind to let military duties interfere as little as possible with his amusement. To keep the gnus in repair, I was allowed an establishment of native smiths and car- penters— some six or eight men; but as the guns were only used on parade, and at other times were kept under cover, they never wanted repair; and I employed the carpen- ters in making chairs, tablet, and other sorts of furniture; and the smiths in making brass-work, bits, stirrup-irons, and, amongst other things, the steel heads of spears, tor pigsticking. But that one of these last plays a part in my story, I should not have entered into all these details. A choice specimen had just been finished after a new design of my own —a modification of the laurel-leaf pattern— and my bearer had placed it on a small table, or teapoy, by the side of my bed, where I must leave it for the present. The house next to mine (our compounds, or enclosures, surrounding the houses being separated by a mud-wall) was occupied by a padre, as parsons are generally called in India—a married man, with a family; and it was his wife's ayah who, one morning about a week before I had anything to do with the matter, was found dead outside her hut, stabbed apparently with some in- strument that had passed completely through her body. She was a good-looking young woman, the wife of the bkeestie, or water-carrier; and they lived as happily as natives of the two sexes ever do live together, their occa- sional domestic differences culminating In nothing worse than the customary slanging- match, in which the native female almost invariably silences her male antagonist, by the force and endurance of a piercing fal- setto, combined with a power of barbing sarcasms, compared with which the nagging of the British Naggleton is agreeable banter. The husband was, however, arrested, bnt speedily released, for vane of any evidence V-i criminate him ; nsr was he able to point suspicion to anyone aa the possible culprit The police were completely at fault, and the murder, too common an event in India to be eves a nine dayc' wonder, bad almost been forgotten. CHAPIEE 31. The Visionary Visitor. It was ens of those terrible aishtaof June, when the air, after the blasting hat wind of the da;, was as ttiU as death, sad hot with a heat tbat was stifling. Not the crisp beat of a big firs, nor lee stinging beat oi tbe hottest room in tbe Torkfeb 'bath, bnt a heavy, flabby, edgeiBB beat, that set fum tain and tatties i!i dsfianoe, and weighed upon tbe brain, till a helplasl and hopeless feeling of lassitude, akin to despair, made the fitful snatches of eleap resemble pain ful Intervals oi prostntios from debility. In the next roam— the bathroom — burned a wick in a clay Muotr id! of oil (the native chiragh) ; and by its faint light, coming through the half-dosed door, I had eo many times taken up and admiringly examined the spearhead I have before men tioned, tbat my hand had got familiar with its position. It must have been about midnight, when in a state of semi-somnolence, 1 became con edouBof, or rather felt the presence of some one by my bedside. 1 fancied I heard — for the lamp had gono out*— a burried breathing and tbe rustle of a foot on the rushmat ting. Hot a month before 1Mb, I had been rob bed, and rather cruelly for a poor subaltern; a rifle, dressing-case, and other things bad disappeared ; and I bod in Tiila made every effort to discover the thief or recover the property. It was not unnatural, therefore, that ray tlrst and only thought was of rob bers, as, setting my petspear-hcad, 1 plunged it wildly into the darkness. It btrnck (something, aye, it struck flesh, for as 1 leaped out of bad, and aisde for the door, I felt its point wet and sticky with what could only be Wool When 1 Bay door, I uieaa the entrance into the centre room of tho honse. The door woe open, bnt in the space bung a folding bambao enrtain, or chick as it is called. The bonee was the ordinary cantonment bviagalov, bedrooms on each elde of a centre room, the hitter ex tending the length ot tnc house, and open ing back and front into the compound. As I lifted the chick, if I hesitated at aU which direction to pursue, it vaster less time than t have taken to write the word, for oat on the step; l-allne; down from the front door stood between me and the starlight a flgur: enveiopmi in the ordinary ohitida (sheet) of a native woman. The blood riuhsd hot into my face at the inttant thought that I had stabbed a woman ; bnt if 1 recoiled for a moment, with a Beusa ot toy cowardice and Bliame, in the next 1 wag in pnxtult, determined to have explained this midnight visit I caUed to her as I stepped over the thres hold, bat ehe parsed down the steps and round towards the back of ths house, where were the stables and some outhouses in whioh my servants lived. Barefooted as I was, 1 followed, and though tbe stones bnrt and cut me, swiftly as she went, and still refusing to xr^Wer me, 1 kept ber in sight until she d,.r.p-«».red Into the house of my khitmulgar, Htatgna. The door was shut to a_y fao :. and fastened too, for it waB not until u'..*r fruitless bam UJKIAJUgl **UU TTMWU X WM UM VMD pWUI- Ul bursting it in, that it was opened by my otts servant. This man bad come up the country- with me. He had been recommended by tbe kindest of friends at on exceptionally good 'nigger,' and ho bad fully maintained bis character. Indoed, I had a strong liking {or him, for he never save me reaun to doubt hie honesty, and 1 had protod his ooturage as well as (I hoped ) his attachment to me. When travelling up the river, we were oaught in one of IJose tremendous aoi1 westors, whioh, destractfveaathey are onland, are doubly so On tbe water. Out boat was driven On a ssnd-b&nk;, which caused it to leak ; and tt was drlren off again, whioh caused it U- 911. The etew and all my servants but E.iugQU swam to tho bank, only same hundred yards distant, and tbe boat Was noatiug in what the stats-sailors Would caUti wash. I had retreated to the roof of the cabin, and Hingun bad followed me. 'Save yourself,' I said ; ' Leave me ; I caaspt swim, and most stick to tlie boat' His reply, was gentle and touobisg as thstol Bntn to Naomi, and to the satne purpose j and from tbat time 1 need ecaipslr say be was my favorite servsjat. Be m my biota turn, in short, keeping my itioounU, oopking my dinner when 1 did not dine at mess, and checkmating, though not without -malting enemies, tbe attempted peculation! of my otb.ar servants. OHAPIEB UL Binsun Makes a Confession. 'Hingnu?1 1 »»id, 'who ia'the woma that just entered your houw I' lWe was a tremor in hts voica as lie replied ; ' Sahib, there is. so woman here.' 'It is falsa. Qetmealigbt init-ntly.' As ha Ambled abaut in e»xch of a match, I beard him nervously muttering tbe com mon farm of exorcism to use with Mussul mans, f siting him with my left hand, I paisea my right down hts arm, and took from his fingers the match he tremblingly held, then stooping: down to the dying embers of a email fire, at whioh ho had been cooking, I kindled the matoh, lighted the lamp, and turned to examiMthe chamber. Kneeling on the floor cronche* Hingun. He was quite a young man, and of very fair complexion for a BiUve, bat now his face was livid, as, with a fixed and vacant expression, a very paralysis or terror, he gazed towards the door. Ob bis rigbt arm, I now noticed a jagged wound, a little below tbe elbow, clearly quite recently in.flio.ted, for it was bleeding. ' What is the matter,' I said. ' Are yon mad ) Who baa wounded you t' No reply till I got between him and ths door, and taking him by ths naked shoulders shook him till his teeth chattered, 1 Where is the woman V I again asked. Slowly he gasped oat i ? Sir, there is no Vfomia: {tie a ghost' ? Fool,' I exclaimed ; ? I saw a woman wrapped in a chadoU eome in here.' Aealii he muttered his prayer, as wringing his hands he whined : ? Are are, air ; it was a ghost' 'You saw ber, then V I asked. Holding his hands in a supplicant attitude he said: 'Forgive me, Sahib: It wag she who drove me to your bedside just now when you strnck me. . ' Then It was you I struck !' said I, feeling And bow cams she in my house (' The tears filled bis eyes as be replied ; ' O, sir, it is the will of God ; your slave mnst tell you all. If be must die, be must die. Bhe said she would never leave me,' He then went on to say that tbe clergy man's late ayah Wat his paramour ; that she had refused to leave ber husband and live with him : and that out of jealousy, he had watched the opportunity and murdered her. He bad known no rest since, for the ghost was for ever haunting him, and be wished to dio— meant to take poison, but could sot ; was sorry I had not killed him, as un doubtedly- she intended me to hare done. I told him I should inform the police, and that he would be hanged, to which he merely said : 't is the will of God. What will be, will be,' CHAPIES IV. Hingun tracts his Confession. And here I admit there is a gap in my story, that at this pelnt my conduct appears questionable and unaccountable. My duty was clearly to have roused the other servant*, sent lor the police, and given tbe culprit into custody, but I did nothing of the kind, and I have no recollection of how I got back to bod ; bnt when I did get there, I fancy, what, with the terrific heat and reaction from intense excitement, I most either have fainted or fallen at once into a piofouad sleep. When I awoke, tbe sun bad just topped the horizon, and in the daylight my course seemed plain enough. I rose, ordered my horse, and at once rode over to the magist rate's. He was in his verandah, sitting with several officers, all my friend;, taking bis little breakfast (ttei ha^ri). I suppose t looked queer,t!or he greeted me with : ' Why, Gunner, what's the row 1 Von look as If jou bat seen the devil' « Do II' I replied. Well, perhaps I have.' Thy all laughed, sad began to chaff me ; bnt Lavee, teeing I was serioos, took me wide, add atked if anything was really the matter. I told him ay Etery, and, as I expected. Be smiled and said : ' Tou fca-re had a bad night, and no mistake.' ' Well,' said 1, pulling off a shoe and sock, and showing my scratched foot, ' what do yon say to this, and this!' pro ducing from my pocket tbe spear-head, with dried blood npon it He started on toeing tbe latter, and taking it into his hand, remarked thoughtfully, -* It must bave been with something of this kind tbat tbe woman via1 stabbed.' ' At all events, it could not Ww bnen withthsV said 1^ -'for it wai only turned out of my workshop yesterday.' ' Well,' said he, ' you go home, don't say anything to the man, and I'll come over and breakfast with you at eleven.' I waited impatiently enough for tbe hour, and had breakiast on the teeic as 1 heard the buggy drive into the compound. Lawes ut opposite to me, and Hingun stood as twoal behind my chair. Like most of his class, though be could not talk English, he understood it sufficiently to follow the drift of as Xnglish conversation. Lawes— who, i noticed, purposely epoke slowly ana distinctly — began by observing tbat the police had s. clue to the ayah's murder ; that it was slid she had had a lover, and tbat be wae the suspected man : that tlw police would arrest him £ tiring the day, and that at that very moment they irere probably searching his bouse. As Hingun moved round the table to brine Die dish I asked for, I noticed his fade certainly paler than usual ; and as he held me the dish, his band was decidedly unsteady. Breakfast over, I called to Hiagun to bring me a light for my cheroot. While holding out to me the lighted cotton, it almost fell from, his hauU, as Lawes suddenly addressed him : ' Khitmutgar, how camevou with that wound on your arm ?'' ' £.hud-iwtind, it ie nothing ; the sahib knows bow it was done' ' Yes,' said Lawes, ' the cahib says he did it ; but now came you to be in bis room in the middle cf the night V ' Ohorii ptrnwi, your Blave was eitting onteide hiB door— for tbe night was hot — when, seeing no light in tbe sahib's room, J ran to the house, tor 1 said, ' The dacoita have come again.' ' Then who wae the woman your master siwf' ' Woman I' he said, with a start, and In an excited tone ; there was no woman. The fahib followed me to my house, aud then I discovered that he was asleep, f led him tack to his bed, and he never woke till Ions post hie usual hour. — Woman 1 How eUould the sahib see a woman ?' ' Enough,' said Lawes, ' yon can go.' And then turning to rue with a smile : 'Von see, my dear fellow, it's all as clear as mud. You have bean dcing a little somnambulism.' While he spoke, his head policeman entered, and ssid quietly that they kail searched Hlagira's bouse, and nothing what ever had been f onnd to inculpate him. 'Goad-bre, Gunner ; don't distress your eolf ; take a little blue pill ; tbeso hot winds are enough to upset anyons'e liver. 1 snail e&y; nothing of all thin if yon prefer it. ' thank you,' said I. u Yes, keep it dark or I shall be bullied ont ol my life.' ; CHAPTER V. Trie KiitmUigaar is Threatened with Death. lie drove off, and left me feeling rather foolish, and a little obstinate. It was cer tainly more probable that I had been walk ing in my sleep than that I bad really seen a gbost ; but to vividly wm every ofrcum stanoe impressed on my mind, that I could eject the sfiane from my memory as a mere dienm. It haunted me by day, and night after night I ttno it so tiBTarylngly re-enacted in my dreams, not once, bat In every period of sleep, that its constant repetition bad the ojftot ol numbing my senses, like tbe monotonous sound 6f a tloking dock or of dropping water. More; familiarity with it seemed to quicken Ite zeenmnce, and con dense its aotioc. till at last it would past through my brain, f oonssed, as it were, Into a mere minnta of timer like a page of print photographed to a speck. And 1 may as well say at once — for 1 am not propounding s, problem tor psychologists, and therefore dismiss my feelings — that this elite of things want «n seriously aSfeetlnp ty health, until the ttcwouaumt, it I may fai'tsall it, of th* mystery. Vt was about « fortnight after tho inquld tarUl breakfast that I first noticed a change in ijingun, 1 bad watched him (and he kseu n) with \he Veeness of baffled onijOoion: but »\1 I had hitherto notiood J ( ? '??'''''?? — ^m\ \ was that he appeared to rouse himself wia an effort to do what he bad previously dons With a. readier volition. Koto, be certainly looked ill. There was a jaundiced look In his faoe, which looked thinner, and his languid, manner was in stronger contrast than ever to his former brisk activity. 1 said nothing ; but the doctor fan olij friend) calling one day, I bad ; Hingrm in to be examined. .' ' Oh,' said Pills, ' it's clear enough he't got spleen: It'e as common as babies with those people ; and he will probably die.' It sounds like a light ana unfeeling remark, bat it was not so meant; tor a. kinder fellow than Pills (hts nick-name, ol conrw) never lived, nor one with larger sympathies for his fellow-creatures, black or white. Bnt D»atb— when we moot tbo ipeotre in onr walks, Aa we did jest«rd-;, and eball to- morrow— Boon groim ftmuta. And this, most truly applies to a countzi which cholera never quite, .and where ths most hateful lesson one has to learn 1b a familiarity with death. I remember breakfasting with a mad bstween eight and sine one morning, sad at ' soon he was dead ; and on another occasion, the first news I heard In the morning, after & jovial batchelor-pariy, which broke ' np onlv In the small hoars, was the death ol ?ne who bad been the merriest of us all. Whether Hingun took the medicine the doctor sent him, I cannot say ; perhaps I ' onghtto have made him take it in my pre sence ; but I did n«t. He got worse rapidly; . and at last his test ani ankles became ao swollen, that he couU no longer attend1 upon . me, and remained almost entirely in his bed. Atrophy supervened, and a pitiable ema ciation effaced all semblance of his former ?elf. As I stood over him one morning, he looked at me long and calmly, for he did not seem to suffer, and at last said slowly and faintly : '? Sir, I am dying. Ton hare 'been a kind master to mt, and Pam a bad man. What the magistrate said that mora ing at breakfast was true. God forgive met tt was I that killed Roshun,' A crowd of questions tote to my lias, struggling for utterance, bnt I checked my self, and said : ' Will yon tell this to the magistrate 1 ' ' Yes, sir. Send for him. I will confess. ' everything.' Like a good fellow, Lawes came at once on receipt of my Imploring note. . ' Well,- Hingun,' he taid, gently, 'yon have something to say to me.' ^^_ ''Gharib parwa, I am dying. iflfcf^J. will of God. She said she would Kec5M| leave me.' ^1 ' The very words.' I coald not help ex claiming. CHAPTER VI. An Unsolved Supernatural ProMem. Hingum then repeated tbe story, that now for nearly two months had bsen stereo- ?'' typed in my memory. He spoke with each diffioolty that Lawes wrote as from dicta tion, and when he finished, 1 said : 'This is the story you told me that night in yonr bouse.' Slowly shaking his head, and iooktae fixedly before him, with the stare I well remembered, be gaiiped oat, 'Ho, ao; I never told this before to anyone. ? See I she follows me to the grave, as she said she would;' and then, as bis head fell back heavily on the pillow, he muttered the exor cism. 'One word mote,' said Lawes. 'What rreapon did yen use I Shuddering, he heMsely whispered : ' I . had cooked the gahib dinner, and the spit ' was ia my hand, when the devil pot-ite bad thought into my mind: then I became madv1 Lawes looked meaningly at me, jor Uusl esplained the nature of the wound. We kit Hiru?an to ths care of his friends and co- religionists, who had waited, onteide during onr interview, to vrhom, as I&i; aa I could ascertain, he 6poke no worfl of nis revelation to us, and Who, one and atf, pro tested against the suspicions of theipolieeT He lingered for two davs. and I TWfert him frequently, accompanied sometimes by tbe doctor, who teamed to grow interestedjin the case. , ?--,_. *j When all was orer, Pills remarke* : 'Your man had something on his mind that helped to kill him go rapidly.' ^^ ' Vrbat ! ' said I, 'did he tell you about tbe ghost that haunted him t' T ' No-, .?'* ,tbere *M a S1'1*4. was there f ? - It was his high pulse and look of terror tiiat' puzzied me. Now 1 understand. He vA» frightened to dratk. Ko medicine would, have Raved him.' Lawes and 1 often talked it-over ; bnt I argued with him in vain against his matter ef.fact decision. He had settled it, that Hingun bai committed the marder ; that he fancied himself haunted (a very common thing among natives) ; that either fear drove him to my bedside, or that he came to rob * me, ia cither casa d^nised as a woman ; that I did not walk in my sleep, bnt that all actually occurred as 1 had described. i Long experience has convinced me ol &e; habitual baseness and falsehood ofnativesof. Hingun's claeE ; but teat he, a mere lai, in whom 1 had bean able to discover aoW bnt amiable qualities, was capable of all tbi6 crime, I could not— nay, 1 cannot be~ lieve. Beyond his bare confession, evidence. against him was sought in vain. It is tme-. ' it must have been 6ome weapon like tha. ?' spit that inflicted the wound : tnt daodlts. toruetimcE ate armed with & tiinrt, Render spear, and perhaps the spit was tbe nearest approach to a deadly weapon that Hlnran v hud ever handled. ? — Bather, I prefer accepting the unreal view oi the matter. He might have loved '. the woman, though I doubt the possibility ? Of keeping secret a criminal connection.. The murder was a great shock to bis mind, and he brooded over it till his overwrought imagination created the vision, and'' eng-. gated the self -accusation. \ By what aiEaitive Jorce I became su^ accessory after the fact (or the delusion) iA' must leave to tbe electro-biologists, or to the ?'.' MoIIobb or Uacarthyi of modern times. In the ann&ls; of Dreamland there are well anlheotlcstoi records of £ai stranger hallacW; nations. 