The appeal of thoNavy League, asaxpreflsed in tho letter of Admiral Vesey Hamilton, published in our yesterday's issue, will find a cordial response in colonial patriotism. Wo have never been tired of pointing out to tne poopie who show a predilection for playing at soldiers that tlio battles of this country, liko those of tlio mother land, mu«t ho fought at sea— that the navy, and not the army, is the branch of tho defence forco'upon which the colonies must mainly rely. Mr. Hancock, when lie "hntos " the very sight of a soldier," is thinking of an old world state of affairs where the army is tho representative. of class rule. No military force in this colony could very readily acquire that character, notwithstanding tlio singular fact that an obsoquious Assembly seems to have virtually given up the control of the Defence department to tlio Legislative Council. Tito worst that can happen to this colony from a policy of over-soldioring is that defence itself will ho discredited, and there may ariso a feeling that wo run no risks at all from the danger of out side attack. It is very inadvisable that we Bltould drift into a fool's paradise of that kind, Nothing is more probable than a European war within the noxt few years. Russia ha. aims which aro deemed inconsistent with British interests, and Franc. 'a fussy rivalry everywhere may load to a breach of the peaco at any moment. Tho colonies are called upon to duly con sider the special dangers to which thoy may bo exposed in the event of the mother oountry becoming involved in war with ono or more naval Powers. Nothing is more improbable than a foreign invasion in forco of the colonies. We are too distant from the bases of European operations for any such scltemo to he dreamed of by anybody but a mad man, even if Great Britain were temporarily deprived of supremacy at sea. But if the sea were, even for a time, at the com mand of the enemies of the British Empire, the Australian coast citios would un doubtedly he exposed to the raids of hostile oruisors. Sir Honry Parkea's "great Australian army" would not he of much service in such an emergency, nnd the colonies must trust, firstly to the fleet at sea, and secondly to their harbor defences to ward off attack. The Admiral asks whether "the " British people of Greater Britain are " willing to continue to watch, unmoved, " the steady advanco'of tho navies of other " States in Bhips, in gunB, in number of " men, towards equality with ourselves, " and witli that advance to witness the " constant growth of danger to their joint " heritage and their place in the world ? If " the intoreBts of Canada, or of Austral- " asia, or of South Africa ho assailed, or " their just rights challenged by foreign " nations, are they prepared tamely to " submit I" Tltere can be no doubt as to the answer to suolt a question as that. Tito old stock translated to the American Continent two centuries ago lost' none of its original characteristics, and "there is nothing to indicate any deterioration in the . descendants of tho Australian and Cape ; colonists. The object of tho Navy League is that each colonial Cabmot should ceaselessly press upon the home Government tha (absolute necessity for maintaining the '.British command of tho sea. It may i'asily be seen, however, that tho colonial c 'abinats will feel some delicacy about tljrging upon the Imperial authorities ttn increased expenditure in which the iH donies are not supposed to share.. As is -Nell known, thero is a largo section of iS'nglisli society which clamors for the direct support of the colonies to the I n tperial navy, on tho ground that the pro- Um ition which tho navy affords is to all pat ett of the Empire and not to tlio British Ish is alone. But, then, the inhabitants of Gm eat Britain have reserved to thern- seil'ves the whole control of the foreign policy, of tlio Empire, and the una iharsd management of the naval and military forces. Forty years ago, when self-, -government was conferred on tho prin- cipa 1 colonies, the whole dnty of colonial defiance was cheorfolly accepted by tho motdr country, on tbe reasonable ground that- 1 if tha colonies had no say in foreign polm,/ they ought not to ho chargeable with 1 the direct cost of carrying that policy'" out. There is a tendency just inow to ignore that arrangement, and to - demand that the colonies Bball (contribute to the cost of Imperial defence. 3 without obtaining any share in the control! of tiio armed forces or any voice in tbe ptfltiliey which sets them in motion.. :Thereid|3tnozwant6of'.patri»tisiu>in<-i'esisting: an unreasonable demand of this kind. It is in fact noccssary to resist it, hecnuso an inconsidorato concession only puvos tlio way to enlarged claims. 'In tho first place, tlio Australian eolonios undertook tho responsibility of internal dofonoo, and the Imperial , military contingent was withdrawn. In tho noxt plnoo, tho eolonios provided at enormous -ex pense for tho fortification of their harbors, tlioroby affording incidental protection to English shipping, and provid ing Bocuro coaling stations for the Imperial navy. A few years ago tho colonies even went tho lcngtii of paying for tho equip ment and maintenance of a sea-going squadron, to he placed under tlio. ordors of tho admiral on tho station, and stipulating only that tlio vossols woro not to ho tnken out of Australasian waters without tho consent of tho contributing colonies. It is bnt tho other day that --an English writer expressed high indignation at tliis condition, nnd demanded that tlio colonics should he called upon to pay their proportionate sharo of the cost of tlio Imperial navy. Here we havfe a very wide departure from tha original voluntary arrangement of tho Imperial Government, by which it was to retain absolute control over the diplomatic rotations 'of the Eiupiro and the naval and military forces, and givo gratuitous protection to the eolonios. hat a section of tho English peoplo noiv domands is that the colonies, in addition to providing their own local dofcncc, shall contribute to tho cost of tlio Imporial forces, in tho control of which thoy shall have no voico whatevor. Tho difficulty of tho position has boon rocognisod by many thoughtful men in England, and tho Imperial Federation Leaguo sougiit to resolve it by suggesting an Imperial Council in which tho colonies would he represented. But in existing circum stances the nnmerical inferiority of tiio colonial population would mako its ropro". scntijtion a farce, whilst the British nation would certainly decline to retire from its position as a European Powor in order to enter into a confederacy with Australians, Canadians and Afrikanders. So far as sentiment goes, tlio colonial populations will go heartily witli tho Navy League in its contention that tho command of tho sea is tho deep fundamental neces sity of the wholo British people. An Empiro such as that of Great Britain, scattered ovor the oarth's surface, can only ho maintained by an overwhelming naval force. The army, excellent although it may bs, would ho powerless were tho com mand of tho sea to.be lost. Strange to Bay, thero has boon a continuous anil successful effort- in England to subordinate tho navy to tho more showy hut less useful branch of tho servico. In it small way wo have seen tho operation of this tendency in our own defonco forces. Tlio preference of tho gentilities for tho red coat, and tlio ontliusiasm of tho masses for the blue jacket, form food for reflection on the characteristics of tho Anglo-Saxon rnce. But the battle of the iniluonces must necessarily ho fought out in the mother country ratlier than in tlio colo nies.. The Hartington Commission, which snt in 1888, found tliat although tHb "War anil Admiralty departments both existed with the object of defonding tlio intarosts of the country, there was no community of action between thorn. Tho evidence showed that each organisation was striving to subordinate tho other, tlio War Office generally succeeding. It is stated in ono of the clauses of tho report that : — There does not appear to us to axist snffioient provision for tho aonsidoralion by cither service of th. wantB of tho other. It seems to bs as sumed without adequate ground that oaoh will bs in time of need prepared to give tho a.sist- nno. ess.ntial to or highly necessary for. tho officienoy of the other ; and there is a want of auoh definite and established relations bstween the Admiralty and the War Office as would give the opportunity to cither department of calling ths attention of th. other to tho condi tion of tho ctabli.hments and preparations ia whioh it is vitally intorasted. Sir William Jervois lias pointod out that since tho dayB of tho Napoleonic wars the navy has not had a clianco of coining to the front on active service. Men's minds have since been engaged in tlio contempla tion of a sorics of struggles on land — tho Crimean campaign, tho Franco- Austrian war, tlio Dano- Gorman war, tho Austro- Prusaian war, tho Franco-Gorman war, and the last Iiusso-Turkish war. In none of these cases could naval ongagomonts come in. Tho Czar prudently shut his ships up behind fortifications in 1854, and even Admiral Napior, however his men, at his instigation, might "sharpen " their cutlasses," could find nothing more worthy of attack : in the Baltic than tho crumbling tower of Bomer- sund. At that time England had as an ally tho only other great naval power in Europe, hut tho conditions are likely to bo reversed should trouble come now. The noxt war will probably ho a naval one, in which tho army will take hut a subordi nate part. It would surely bo injudicious, in that case, to have the virtual control of operations in the hands of military officers, who regard tho navy as simply a movable force charged with sea-going duties. Sir William Jervois, himself a soldier, has advocated, not only the ad vance of the naval department to a larger sharo of defence control, hut the transfer to that department of tho coast defences ; and he has instanced tho action of Ger many in transferring tho defence of the German soaboard from the military to tlio naval servico, whilst " in Franco and the " Frencli colonieB generally the garrisons " of sea fortrcs.es consist of marine troops " undor the orders of tho Minister of " Marino ; and tho defence of tho coast is " entrusted, not to military, hut to "naval officers." English peoplo are in tfie liabit of taking tlio oheerful view that although their authorities are hound to make a moss of everything at the commencement of a war, tlioy will come out all right in tlio end. It is doubtful whether in the wars to come there will be time given to rectify initial mistakes, and wo may therefore accord onr symnathv to the Navy Leaguo, or to any other organisation in tho mother country which Books to reform our modes of procedure, and to save the Einpiro from calamities which a wise foresight may avert. What has become of the Ghosts that a few nights since frightened the suburbs of Melbourne out of their propriety by their elfish pranks? Wo have not heard of any of them being captured, notwithstanding that honest Dogberry and tlio Watcli wore put upon thoir tracks, while on tho ether hand much of what we did hear went to show that a considerable number of people of both sexes and all ages believed or acted as though they believed that tbey were not counterfeit at all, hnt as genuine as any that they encounter in their Bible or their Sbakspeare. Two women wore so alarmed that they did not recover from .the effeots for some days ; a man took to his heels as though the foul fiend were after him ; one hoy is reported to have died of shock; and another in His terror confessed to petty larcenies that nobody suspected him of. Making allowance for the shook that follows a sudden surprise in tlio most self-possessed constitution— _. , As no doubt tlio brazcit cowers t tell what 'tis that doth appal, there is probably in all these cases a reeMmim of superstition -to which It would (he-fair tO!attrihute-somQ.-of--the come-. qucncos ; and wo venture to think wo shonld not ho far wrong if wo said that tho popularity of tho Biblo and Shakespeare go a long way iu accounting for it. ; For no other hooks 1 in the English language are moro saturatod with suparnnturalism, and no others contribute moro largely to tlio formation of tho thoughts, preposses sions nnd projudices of tho nvornge English housoholdor. From tlio moment that ho isnblcto lisp ho is introduced to a world which a very littlo oxperionco tolls him is not the flesh and blood 'world lie lives in— a world which is peopled, with ghosts and gnomos that walk in ando'ut with mankind as though they wer« members of the human race — whore spirit voices are heard, spirit hands aro seen to write on the wall, living men are caught up ami whisked away by spirit force, nnd dead men roappearat the holiest of a witch that is more of a Sycorax than a woman. As tho years go by, tlio educa tion of tho schoolroom fosters and con firms tho impressions that wore picked up in the nursery. Tho closer study of tho sacred hooks shows that tliey aro as full of glioat stories and than- maturgic wonders as tho last re port of-' tho Psychical Research Socioty; and that thoro is not! a talo which is told of the m.dium with hor planchctto, tho faith healer with his bit of red flannel, tho Thoosophist with his astral body, Slado with his materialised Bpoolc, Mr. Homo with his lovitation, Professor Baldwip with his crystal, for which his preacher does not supply him with a counterpart ovory time that homountshisreadingdeBkor his pulpit. If tlio spectral impressions that are created by what he hears in his church threaten to fade, lie tins only to go to his newspaper to get thorn renewed. Thero ho will find a futurist ready to toll him what fortune is in store for him, an astrologer versed in tho sedrots of the skies to expound his relation to tho planets, and dealers in diablerie of every sort eager to toll him who stole his silver spoons, or wliero ho can get tlio Elixir of Life. Nor will he get much help from the man of scionce, if it should happen that his eyes should heprovidentinlly opened to the practices of tlio mountebank and tlio charlatan. For he will find that the latter can show scientific au thority on thoir side. Hod not Socrates his Domon to advise him in all his difficul ties ? nnd has not Mr. Stead iiis Julia, who writes all , the articles in the Review of Revicios, and puts liim in telepathic com munication with his most distant corres pondents? Here is that great man's own account of tho use to which ho is in the liakic of putting his Secretarial Sprito : 1Vh.il I w». in th. tr.in nt Dovor I .uoc.dcd in .souring nn automatic telepnthio interview with Lady Brook., who wa. ot that tim. at Dunrobln Castle, in th. extreme north of Soot- land ; the di.tano. betnaen u. au.t have boon about 600 miles. I bad not heard from Lady Kroolte for wo.ks, nor had I heard from her amoe I published my artiole on Th. Waited Wealth of King Demos. My hand wrot. her oritmisms of the artiole, and— in short, I inter- rowed hor without her conscious knowledge at a diBtaico of 600 milea. When I arrived at Victoria station, I received from my manager a letter from Lady Brooke, which embodied in brief tbe substance of the communication written with my hand on th. line between Dover and Canterbury. If Mr. Stoad can have a Spook for his private secretary, who can he astonished to find that tho belief in Ghosts still lingers in Collingwood and among tho quarries of Brunswick ? And Mr. Stead, it must he remembered, is only one out of a crowd of cultivated men who are hot ashamed to own that their investigations into what thoy call Borderland have convinced them of its reality. The Psychical Research Socioty comprises some of the most dis tinguished scientists of the age, nnd some of tlioin linvo openly declared themselves converted from materialism by the pheno mena tlioy have witnessed in the course of their investigations. Even tho materialists themselves havo admitted that thoir views have been sensibly modified by what thoy saw or have read on such subjects as thought tranfcrence, for example, and the possibility of a magnetic or other force .that shall ho capable of neutralising or suspending tho laws of gravitation. Dr. Carpoiiter, who began by pooh-poohing the pretensions of tho thought reader, was forced to admit that " some of his oxpe- " riences had led him to suspect " that a power of perceiving what is " passing in the mind of another may " be extraordinary and yet duo to the " entire concentration of tho attention," and ho somewhere employs tho phrase of "a reserve of possibility " to denote the mental stato which the man of scionce should present to every inystory which cannot he explained and yet cannot he disallowed. Dr. Carpenter's own explana tion of thought reading really explains nothing, but tlio Spiritualist will no doubt be quite satisfied to know that he admits oven " a resorve of possibility " of explaining it. Dr. Mayo, a professor of anatomy at King's College, London, and therefore not to be suspected of any collusion witii Julia, goes even a littlo further than Dr. Carpenter : — "A number of incidents aro " frequently turning up which we put aside " for fear of being thought superstitious, " because as yet a material solution is not " at hand for them. Sympathy, for example, " tho spread of panio fears, the simul- " taneous occurrence of tho same tiling in " two persons, the magnetic fosci- " nation iu others, may have to do " with a special and unsuspected " cause." Like Dr. Carpenter, Dr. Mayo evades the problem instead of attempting to solve it, hut both of tlicm as good as o wu to a slumbering belief that " there aro " moro things in heaven and earth than are " dreamed of in our philosophy," and that tho young ladies and gentlemen who were sent into hysterics by the suburban Ghosts liavo as much right to adopt this excuse in extennation of thoir weakness as tho Melan choly Dane himself. Our philosophy, after all, is very little more than a guess at the best; and plienomona which cannot ho explained by any known law may indicate' tlio opera tion of «o=jc ontiroly now series of natural forces ; and if so, it will follow that the phenomena may he genuine, though we do not know what th. forces are that give rise to them. Reasoning loosely, we are justified in saying that a holiof which seizes upon and holds the imagination of philosophers and fools alike is likely to have some foundation of truth in it. If only Collingwood and Brunswick were the playground of ghosts, they might bo safely left to their own devices ; hut when we find ghosts flitting through every pago of the Scriptures, vouched for by Mr. Stead, and not ejected from tho company of so 'gravo a- body as the Psychical Research Society, the advocates of Dr. Carpenter's "reserve of possibility" are entitled to be heard in stay of judgment, to say tho least of it. Whether or no, with a ghost-ridden atmosphere sucli as we breathe and move' in, we may tako it for certain that his ghostahip is very far from being played out yet. On the contrary, his prospects have advanced wonderfully since the Spiritualists undertook to exploit his composition, and the men of science to examine his creden tials of respectability. Till wo havo thoroughly settled what he is, ho will con tinue to command tho respectful attention of every one who is interested in ascertain ing his own deathly ; and as long as this is ; thor.casQf-neither Collingwood nor Brnne- wickcanontircly vulgariso him. Tlio pro. liability that we may he all Gliosis boiuo da, ! must always mako him on object of sofic? tails «von to his critics; tliough none of thorn may ho in a hurry to make his closer acquaintance. Qr 