SPORTING THE TURF. PaTnoN has arrived in Sydney for the pur pose of fulfilling his engagements, and Iolanthus, Oumberoona, and Ophir have reached home after their Victorian tour. A yearling filly by Nowminster from Erminlo has been called "The New Woman." The public had an opportunity yesterday, at Singleton, of witnessing a couple of start ing machines. Gray's patent is well known and needs no comment, for it does its work noiselessly and swiftly; but the machine patented by Mr. Lloyd, of Singleton, appears rather cumbersome, although the barrier rose swiftly and sent the horses away splendidly. The patentee, however, may make some im provement which will prevent the noise made by the swivel dropping, for should a horse get frightened at the rising of the screen, this noise may drive him in the opposite direction. After his Newcastle form, who would have imagined Steward would win the double at Bingleton? But such was the case, and the handsome, though flighty, son of Welcome Jack and Stewardess never gave any of his followers the ghost of a chance in either the Opening or Singleton Handicaps. He went away almost from the jump, and his rider, allowing him to run along easily, appeared to have just hit upon the horse's taste, for he failed to show the erratic style of galloping which was displayed at Newcastle, and won each race with a lump in hand. Italian was well backed in the Selling Race at Singleton yesterday, the son of Democrat II. starting at odds of 3 to I on. The Amateur Handicap at Singloton yes tcrday fell to Rifleman, a beautifully shaped son of Lord Lyon. A protest was entered against the winner on the ground of having the services of a professional rider, but the stewards dismissed it. Notice was then given of an appeal to the A.J.C., but from the weight of evidence, it appears a pound to a gooseberry that Rifleman will get the prize. A number of New Zealand critics give it as their opinion that Gipsy Grand is the best colt seen there since the days of Carbine. W.H.P. weighed out to start in the Open ing Handicap at Singleton yesterday, but in his preliminary he carried the boy round the back of the course, through the dam, and wound up by bumping into another horse tied to the fence. Those of the Newcastle sporting public who would wish to see the Rosehill races on Saturday can leave here by the 9 a.m. train and pick up the racecourse specials at Strath field. Splendid fields are engaged, and a trip to this popular course may be rewarded with success. At the Calcutta meeting on January 26th seven out of the eight races on the programme were won by English bred horses, the other race going to the Australian bred horse, Velocity. 