I n CSAIA TE3 L. that *1ea Y vim KLublEES tis-s is h I Via2~=11I1rl3* WC7 mEb al~rni3e Q aes a LHtl two btets esari that be bar m= .eal n mn only that, he ýsidl3e hi iieaso by itPqiong if iL rns pomilae to gw tck t the city tbhat gtt: Melrie iafised: bim that it was gaqte taible, bht that they woold nOt zaeb ictrca3 Sztio nearilf e zrtight "Wiy this saddmhbaste, myydes fellow Too brhae qite peet my oiget What m ense oaes YOn lately ! "Iu Zottll yop as is good tame," rsiled \- wat dld the apt tink c the soms piatook him?' asked the ridowst, a title " Was zatb srprsaaed to bear that LJmd Man was brng." repe:d Bbmrno evilely. "Boat be will not be catietdi re I bese aItoally seem tias kehip. taw I hare pimloed to ohtoiolos iao odnc o nd be amrizo:m that he is really to the V i-= artat =n= sm oid the ria re:, entst Cony . " Has the old s:ain last hs rum " For n a at you know to tthe oretoryr, Lord MOIdO nay be eozplmg tae 3&, or$--he Sorth Pole, m a bihooo" "I doot thi k a," irkley regief. SwoioiEsy; aL as I hare prEmed to tod ad b ear to bn a mesare of tell portlae + to more perma than oe, if OeMEo-yr I wil ernaee tohe at be detere sleot ithat money will bay." M- ille kotckel as oamromt of the ehutia . hit ine. " copy of the Mad'as iL plateo 4 PSis," be grambled, rndfily. "Thee toe! fans ) ""e ass zpehae. =h Serra of slid eipotaew to Lad 3&.tam My dear felow, yct iteet me. Perhaps SImay be p itoed to ;are itothe se:rrt? " INt s:res, 3M'rie, not at praeeot. Toe rill partoa me. old frenmi. hobt this is a =n =wr which has been aoided stricily to .a If yoocaan ami as to sa rLmd SModeo , a direct ma to say peant may to kmow atynbiw of his morsmeoto. I shall Sbe yoer em al deb . If ea, I shall lay the sae in the hads of as expert detective e t,-mrow. Yan hve aeady told me: that [ ro sw hi-a year ago i= Pai. SI do n: thik that ir sil be oryd-=-'s to saxn hm, rEls be is baielilo.bg to a. They left B adtsaitaS next 2mte g by am nway se, ad proeedani direot o Seast ham. where the eld'r Lksley livred it a owlasome so iasion ed "To. GCedes.' Vsetont Melai!Ie hbd taker the pm. catin to tlegraph their movemets to M? tiara:o Locusley, =1 a rii-ge ass:-^ oeem at SSthemasn Saao. T[ee riawosEt apeaed to be ill at ese, bat Lkslev was too manth o pepid aith Shis ow hoeata to notice this, and resarel, "e an melt g his fathe, to O hssoe :i i_ m^ides ooasei=g lo-3 hmL e, for hi dear Irre's sake. When the enitasre reshed "The Cas,," he notied for the d'ei time wic: a smy pIieoe-fce pla it was. he grmolt mottE swn:owdel by a seo'e-elooki g rel brick S-ral, foly ten fee high, sad the top was pierae to keep oat iotmader. Br tahe, the loond was thi:uy wait, awd 'thebatee was r eache thOnna lmg iwitiag area' of aeldar. It emn a aall, St-ely bo-t mn-it of red bick, sad lockiley t-ilL noit bep Eihine g it to a brzake. Hi- "t - wass E iig to the So r -War, a tall ma rith dEry haEf i sal beer, 'who'w st* oax waset miked wit lRoes of tare. He prcpt'y came foo-ward whab Et m aightl, sad took ain sae by the r=,. I am glad to 'or ye bask ay bey," he said, simply. " We parted to anger ad both sree ccaiy to bliue. Ifi sythinE bad -hrit to yon i wool hare killed me !" E;5 r owpodbehisstagy m hoio warmiy, sad rowed hat he swil wee-r oden iay ataia " Mierilie has as no nae" aomiwned Mr nLobey. " tstron sve atlst Sadled to seel ma besawem yo:-self awl Lily are. She ant 5s Geae are still lhese £i:oo ed'oef goFi'ily, ald meatfly nwaigned MIrio le to Hag Long, as same eaoi lr dbisat pla e, fior wot o-ning beis own b:ssa. Sea re wes at compil aonn a He berla to stmmer sae reily, anet Lasy Clsam Hawif msi ber beer prt is as app oea, soa that It was imprihle to mae oa etonstitn ten. Whie elai-Se ma S-r George Iaroef were taling tee-her Lorekley greeted Lady v--, sue, mcth acainst his will, was aompelle to lightly toes the reody coeeo she tems tow-ard him. It seemed amatt ssritegaos to tooth soy oter woman bhot Dora rsib al lips wow "Yea aze sonog well. 31m1a," oh. sered Lady {:ar " 3:t I awot eay the sam e fmt visnoto" "It wJul be sopeawos to te yot ttat yat ire ionktog haedws:me than e-er, Clare," replied l:to.ey. He fallowed his rvesat +d"os ao wl t to ibe ap-rmeet' to iDiSee the foasel staids from his l:---g sd to tlhink how he should apeath LSy Clars aft tox . Toe sage it is re tshe byme for all At the taul toeswa BEtle said. 1ele-Cle owmplaned of beihoop tired, sad Lhaekle's tother Kas too preai:::p sd Ispemori, f` hbe iad beard rm toe rismont she toty of tio s's noUtaaOa awith Captat Deawe. Tfie miae= Si George Mliclied deside. to ameol to some boaoess t tae cty. He knew that hsa dsgbter sad yaog lI, leysine:d to be alm. He knew alts chs: the elder lookeley al Meltriele ad somethioingf importaoe to diatha, aw be thdia mt ri ht be in osy of either Is a lie w e, therere. dman foau hmief atame sift Lsay wesm. and weer rembea eei feeliog aso tbppy i hi life the-e. "smm" ho be.gan, "I am araid that there is some mismanerstawdig c e my imams toas ae yo" " Ay dea - E .-.:., yeo satlo me," repieL Lafy Gae. "Ton rseioee my itar. of oua~e." SAnw in reply stoll ielrEle tAst nser aboaLd he serdti betreem wi ahoat furter delayfe "I 'tt" =osna Iwed . "Hw -orThien yaw ook!' laghedmdy' Iles. "Owe woul think I ere ua ogre! She erew op her aepoewial fgore, ant iSm. playda two mew of teeth pedect in stape, salofdmatlop atotidenses. "Cl.ca," sui aw Leckuley, Sespoosale-, "yo So et taw5ewrd.' "Sw. my Sesa R~nind, I ':fs that I do into. tbeabohve seer hor e sny pirleseine d love betweesn os "Ite! What o· se are yen tang! only moo-stasrnkboys sgbrla telk o love. We ase c*:as other, ao sha make erxmiet parttmen life, EdmodL. We use bawn casa eshe frmm dreldhoo alman raw you sot noforget tbe ..moe astthe markaillv heeor psres . Itits o ntsotal scble one to wrery 7ay. Lady (tee ghoste: aot tim with relis~t yem, Ib ine be Saw. "cI emoot thino ay oen , ora," aid Lockaeiy. "InwM the mnaub mo weeer' "ae lmoe!d Lady are gav' a litae ibidek. "Doyonmemto say tbst yanaliberately lacnat mne-tbat yow dare to toanlt me is 'Sow. my dear phI,~ .-in ,oras he mesable. WShew I tol ~Idelill that I otlidd tstog a soco ftawit, Imnt hbat I womld ank yea to Sdalae the ecgops aoot d, bet the aepabsad smase mao .a.e inee6. . wath asml Sees m - s the, aod mask a cne i h" it. "Gwelgwemin I" cjsmhtoleodydioam. asy roo=hlers 'h yoo" " Ohbme! Ofcoran Imcofno ioportaswe I have aft-led yoo alittl am-nemt, ai 0r0 30 Sush aomlt o ma offb 3d dmonidockaley, let me t1yo thoat I soini to b castia I yan thot ye bell mnry v*. Woy. there san't awutber at 'who o:ndolana mi asgn doitothr "I mesn hatlasy. Ivmbohlyoobs 5 -E w ai Toek3ey ea-ed · beir 3kI ainat. Tha bea jmmpa up a 3 p.eed the rosm. Bit, Clare," he scat a. deapeer s . "Ido mo rtar upm a m ahos13 1r fi xa "Rive Y0 olj just io"..3 that out, 3H t lOEala2" STo be 1'X7!, ibo± dty-tzht hI,' jeluzgbaw. "O." I think I T !detana. ca Sore l0a1 soD t om- pretiic" a!d hare i Ta in L-dp Cao-e aegod h3 m haT p tDDnlyj sadhaollUThgdT. "T'Iaf a ia.hat r..o is wmog I':a (TeL' 