THE JEAMWS ' I, OVER. ' Between onr house and Farmor Raynor's lay two green mosdowe. ; It was curious enough to look ecroae them and see tho bright, dark green of tho 'grass in one, and tho mellow yellow tints of the other. Tne first, too, was dotted all over with olover, pink and white, ond only now and then a dandelion grew in the other, i Between tho meadows lay a olump of trees and buobos, and an old-fashioned stile, Whon the moon waa high, and a round Oliver shield in tha dark 'nigbt uby, I used to go down to that stile and sit upon it, looking toward the Hay nor homestead. Zt was long and low, with dormer windows on the root. If, by ohanco, ,i sow a light in tbe one 1 knew belonged to Evo Riyuor'e room, I thought my vigil well r&wurded; for I loved Eve jlUynor as knights iu old romance loved their ;laoico. | You'd hardly believe, after tbat, tbat I bad jiiever touched her pretty band, or said more .than "good day" as wo passed on tho read, ' Our families wero not on visiting terms, and wo ucvor met that way. Any other young fellow, smitten as. 1 was, would have managed to know her better somehow, but 1 made no effort to win my way to hex liking; ' My own fault, then, say you? Well, per. haps you are right, but true iovu ie always a littlo fearful of iicclf. Your flirt iu bold enough, but when the hourt is touohed — presto I awuy flics coiUidenoo and vanity, and you Bay to yourself,' " There's nothing in me to like," or " She'll never look at me ; what is the use of hoping 2" i You never saw her ; and words osn't toll you just what ehe is. Go out into the garden and liud'a lily umong beds of dahlias and Queen Margarets and. flaunting poppieu, and you'll know bow she looked among otber girls. Find a pearl among shreds of broken glass and pebbles, and you'll knowwbat she seemed to mo in a crowd of other women. Onco she dropped a rod geranium but of her dark hair, and I picked it up from the road by etoaltb, and fult half afraid to tcuoh it— it seemed to holy. I put it between my Biblo leaves when I want home — tbe most sacred place I could think of. It is there yet ; two rud-brown threads and something that looks liko a crisp bit ot scorched papor. That was ooraing from obutcb one Sunday". Tho next, while I bad tho flower aguinst my boeom, and wsb sitting where I could sea the Rayuors' pew, whiob wob under tbo gallery where tbo suhool-obildren cut, a clumsy imp of a boy lot fall his hymn-book over tho rail ing. I saw it drop, nnd then eaw her sink forward, anil was besido her nnd had her out in tbo air in an instant, tho old man and woman fullawiug in a terrible fright. She came to in a moment or so, and after all not hart, for tbe start, more than the pain, bad made hor faint. And tbon I would have left; but ohuraH was out, and all going home, and tho old people would have me.take tea with them. They made a iasa aboni my kindnoes, too, as though any brute oould havo dona less when ehe dropped like a hurt deer, " I wont home to tea ia the wagon, and I sat beside her and talked with her. It was a littlo foretaste of paradise. I wish I wore a boy again, as foolish and as happy as I was that night. "Well, tbo ioe was brokon, and with it, it seamed, an old feud between my people and tho Rsynors, about a triangular patch of ground, not big enough to build on, and too aandy to plane; and tbo old friendship Bprong up again, and mother and Mrs. Raynor took tea togesbor, and ohatted when thoy met. All I thought of was the ohaneo oi seeing Eve the oftener, now that wo were all on visiting terras. - ' I did seo heri In a month we wero old friends. I did' not dare think she liked me maoh; but oho ahatted and laughed with me, and blushed when I looked at ber, as, good manners or not, I had to look sometimes ; and though I was brown and burly, witb great red farmor's hands and a voice to metah my size, sometimes I uecd to think I'd plant my lily in my hoart's garden some day, and wear my pearl upon my bosom for life. Yon never would have gnes3od as I ploughed in tbo great field, or tossed tho scented bay, or yelled to my oxan, the pocmB that were in my brain, undor my shock of yellow hair. I've read many and many a poet since then, and nono over Bay of their lady-loves half what I thought abont Eve Rsynor whon I waa busy at the humblest work. I heard a o train of mueio onco, though, that enid it all without a single word, or it sosmed so ; for I otnod listening to it with ber band orushsd tight in mine in the shadow. Thoro was some great man or other at the hotel, and thoy wore ser enading him. And I felt through her palm, ber heart beat like some wild thing. Mine 'otood still. Wo walked away after "it was done, and I said when all were out of hearing : » Eve Raynor, if you ever cease to lovo mo, I shall die I" and bont down to look into ber eyea in the moonlight, and'foand thom wot with tears. ' I used to think no ona else over loved as I did ; I know ho ono loved more. Ono night, ao I was going home (prayers were oaid at ten at tbo Raynore', and every one exuooted to leave at once), I mot halfway upon the road, which I bad taken because tho long spring rain bad soaked the meadows into two grobn marshes, a young man with a portmanteau in his hand, loohing abont him with a puzzled sort of way, as though bo soaroely Know whioh path to take. Ho was, I oould seo in tbo moonlight, very handsome and dresBed in a style not common in our | aountry plaoa. There was a flash of gold at I bis fob, and a glimmor of prcuiouB stones on ' bis unglovod hand, and as I oamo nearer, a (aint psrfame, ouch as soma girls I knew I brought into ohurch with tbem on their band- ' kerohiefo. Ho was a big fellow, too. dospito oil , ibeso dolioate daintinesses of toilet, and his \- Toi co was dear and musical, bnt a thorough I man's voice, whon ho epoka to ma. " Oan you tell me the way to the Raynor ' farm-house, sir? .It should be somewhat oloeo at hand, if my memory, aorves me." "Straight on," I said; "the first ' bouse you aomo to on the rigt)t; you oan'i \- mistake it," -v..',-, " Thank you," said be. "' I " Ills only fair to tell von, however," I said I,: " tbati'thty axe ail in bed by this i time." : . | He laughed. f-Wy " 1'had forgotten conn try ways," said he. "However, it my uncle won't let me in, I'll deep jon tbo poroh, until morning. Thore oHod/to be , a famous ' poroh, with an eld bonoh on it long enough to repose a giau't." "'it. isn't—it osn't be little Ned Ware?" oriedl. ...s I "Not little I" suit"! ho; "i?ot little any longer, but Npd Ware still. Ami) you ?" " I am Theodore Brest I" I " We shook hands', then, Years before— two barefooted country boys— who bad pleyod iu the woods together— friuuds, ae boys will bo despite nil family fende. I ' Ho was Farmor Raynor's nephew, and bad, ' t remember, inherited some proporty, and, , boon sont to a boprding-sohool. I oould' soAiacly belicva that time boil altered him so —time and oduaation, aud association witb polished men. _ _ I went baok with him to tho It&ynora;', and saw old slcopy Hepsibo admit him. Then I I went home, and all that night dreamed stra'ngo, wild, jealous dreams of exquisita youths, morn perfect tlrnn mortal man oould be, who won Evo Raynor from mo. Ab, ma I jealousy in tra ill wood— onoo plant , tha.ro 'a no end to it. Tbo dreatus camo irom a tnougnf or, two 1 had hardly been con. ceiorin of ; aud the ihonght3. remained whan the dreams wore over. . Ho .was her only oousin ; but why should sho ,bo foroTflr - walking witb him, talking to fain/t; smiling on him ? Why ehonld ho sit bo- oido hor in ohnroh,. holding her book for hor and singing with her ? Why ehonld he look cpc-n mo ae a strangor and monopolize her, »ut ondpavocifywhenl.qMBe. as Lhad-gBKaoiLl: n rignt to ao, to spend my evenings at tne farm-house? Had ehe told him? Had any of them told him of our engagement? I doubted it. And ho would bo thoro tbo eommer through. . It seemed to me I oould not boar it. I bad been so happy sinae Evo promiuod to bo mlno; n ow I waa wretched. I grow moody, and sat silent in her presonoe, while bo talked in his own pleasant, brilliant way, making the oontrast so muoh greater than it need have been. At laet I staid away altogether for a wholo week. I thought to piquo her by that— to mako ho suffer something of my pain. I bora the absence from hor ono Sunday to the next- Then, in the twilight hush ot tho June even- ing I took my way aoroes tho meadow. Tho Sabbath silence wob on evorytbing. Tho far-off ohiming of a ohurob-bell dropped its silver into it, instead of breaking the charm. The eaent ot primroses filled the air, and the doves in the aote behind the house murmured mueioally. I opened tbe gate, and entered. Resida the gate vtub a little xuBtio arbor, shaded by strongly wooded vines. Tbe moon lit this place as she arose, and, looking into it, I saw two pictures, Tbo flret — Ere Raynor standing, a white statue, in her snowy robes, with Nnd Wars kneeling at her feet. Tbo second — Evo Ray nor caught to Ned Ware's heart with a wild, passionate ory of " My lovo 1 my lite I" Era he nnolasped his armB, I stood bsfore thom, I called her by a bitter name. I flung at hex feet tbe riug sbo Had given mo in ex ohange for mino. I sat ., I scarce know what, in my ftonzy, and strode away, leaving them diumb'nnd motionless. Hull way over the meadow I bagnn to under stand what had befallen mo — as wo understand great woes at lust— and fell upon tbo long damp grass as though I had beou shot. Long paet midnight I oropt into my bsd- room window, ond began to paok a fow things in my oarpat bag — linen, and a seoond coat ; the staokings knit by my old mother's hands; tha little bible she bad given mo, and my Blonder otooa of money. Then, on a sorap of paper, I wroto tbis note and slipped it under my pillow : Deah Motiieu — Don't think hard of ms— do not think I do not lave you. You are the only being I now love in the world; but I oannot ot&y; at Elms— 1 oannot breatha its air. Eva Raynor hne jilted me, and I should go mnd wore I to seo her daily witb her lover, as I must if I remain. I shall take to seafaring life, I think, and if I over find myself better of my hurt, I shall coma baok to you again. I don't nope it, though. It ia too deep and sore, God bleua you, and good-by, Your loving son, Theodobe B&bbt.; Then I olamberod out of tho window, nnd before I took the high road to tbo oar depot, wont to the dear old stilo to tako the last look at Evo'b home, over whoso threshold, in all human probability, I should novor pass egain. Whito as o ghost tbs moon saudded through gathering clouds, wbito in hor light lay the farm-bouse, witb its eloping roof and dormer windows beyond tha yellow field; against tbo background of moonlit wall roso the olampa of oarrant bushes, and the onrved outline of tbat ruotio arbor. Abont me rose dark olma, and dank, thick grass. Only the step of tbe stile was silver-lit amid the shadows. Tbat and tbo upper ridges of the bar, aud ono knot of a dead olm troo. I took it all off upon my heart, I said : " Heaven forgivo her 1 He can never lovo ber as I do I" and then I strode away toward tbo station. It waB two good miles awoy, but the early train had not arrived when I roaohed tho ploco. I sat down in tbe waiting-room ; bat for shame I oould have wept like a wo man. I heard the ringing of a bell— tho saream of a whistle. The train was coming. Thero waa a ohattoring without about sundry trunks belonging to two old womon who bad just como up in a wagon, and tho door of tbo waiting-room waa flung open, and a traveller walked in. I lifted my oyes, It was Ned Ware. He was as pale as living man oould be, Despite bis triumph, be looked wretobed. He paoed tho floor for a moment or so, and than stopped and looked at me. For the flrst time in my life I wanted to kill a thing God made May He forgive mo for it I We looked at eaoh other in dead eilenoe. Nod broko it. " Wbero are you going f" he said. "What is that to yonf Yon insult ma by speaking to me. Yon have robbed mo iet that suffice. It is dangerouB to Bpeak to ms just now. For Eve's sake I warn you to leavo me." " So /havo robbed you ?" he said, with a sneer, " Yos. Yon know she was mine. I warn yon again. Go I" He folded hie arms and looked at ma. " I am going," ho said. " The bad witbin me is straggling to make mo go in silanae. Tbs good eays speak. I'll try to obey tho good, little as there is of it. You are half mad, Theodora Brest. Ycu have seen and heard with a jealous man's eyes and ears, You are not rohbed. I wish you were. I don't deny it. Rut Eve Raynor is yours— not mine" " I eaw her in your arms," said I. Ho laughed a bitter laugh. " Listen," he said. " I have only a mo ment ; for I do not wish to be leit at Elms, and tbo train is ooming. Yon gavo mo a week. I knew you loved the girl, but I lovad hor aleo. I did my best. Last night I ventured all, and loBt, She told mo you were her betrothed husband, and that she oared nothing for me." Down tbo road came tha shrieking train ; tho bell was ckraging. He aaught up his portmanteau. " I olaspod hor, to my heart," be wont on. " It was a mad thing to do ; but it was an ndiea, and against her will. Madman I go baok ond beg her pardon for tbo words you said I It she forgives you, I would give a king, dom to take your place. A kingdom f Bah I tho world I " All aboard 1" yolled a voice at tha door. "You believe mo?" bo neked. " God bless you— God reward you 1" I grasped. Bat ho was gone ere I could clasp bis hand. I never forgot him, bnt I have never eeen him since, and it is likely never shall. I went home in tho dawning of the day. I tore tbe nute whiob I had written in frag ments. I knelt down and prayad as I had not prayed ainoo I was a little child, and in toe early morning 1 sought Eve Ray nor. She forgave mo, She pitied and under stood mo. Ere wo parted, our lips mot, ae of yore, and ere tbe summer waned, bhc was my wife. Wa are old people now, and obildren tall and strong gather about our hearth at even tide; and the eldest of tbem all, the tali youth yonder, with bis mothor's velvet eyoe, ia named dward Were. So vra ohristonod him in memory ot tbat noble rival who, in hit own great grief, had meroy upon mine, l" ' ' ' 1 ' ' ' ' Two Parisian duelipts, Saint Beuvo, tno oritio, and M. Dubois, tho journalist, mot to eettle a little affair of honor. It was a dis mal morning, and tho rain foil in torrents. Saint Eoovo insisted upon holding up his um brella as woll as bis pistol, saying, "I am quite ready to bo killed, but I do not wioh to otiiob oold." Roth advarearioa ebot (onr times but neither was harmed, lit, A Chicago minister, preaohing on "The; Immortality of tbo Soul," stopped to the front of tbo platform, and, levelling tt finger at tho congregation, said : " You may lose your wives and get otbcxn;<you may lose' Cr husbands erad get others ; yon may your homes and carriages and got others, bnt when yo&loso; your soule. it's good-by o, iomfy-- - .. - 