WITH THE SORROWING EXILES. We sent our special correspondent round late last night on the interviewing racket. We will not vouch entirely for tho . accuracy of our man's report, as his copy reached here just before going to press In a shocking electioneering style by a ' special messongor without any boIob to his > boots. Our man attached a note datod from Roberts' bar, to say that he had got in tow with a successful candidate, and wag un able to toar himself away from the latter'e generous embraces. However, tho main facts of tho following interviews aro evidently correct. PABKE3. I spent a sad half-hour with tho aged., veteran. Tho poor old chap was in a particularly raspy humor. "Well, Sir Henry," said I; "so Roid has played old Harry with you after fifty years P" " Hi 'avo no occasion to be reminded of that houtrageous fact," ho replied " Hi. ham just now suffering a recovery. Hi wish you would clear hout and let me alone with the Muses. Hi ham writing a fare well hodo to tho Parliamont of my coun try." " Tou aro amusing yourself, Sir Henry, witii poetry. Do you think——" "Hi don't think," ho cried, interrupting mo j "Hi 'avo no timo to think. Hif Hi allowed myself to think for oua moment Hi should bo impolled to go down to the 'Ouse and formally abolish the Constitoo- tion." " But, Sir Honry, you have no longer a right to sit in the House except in the strangers' gallery. You " "Got hout," howled the veteran, "got hout of this hat onco ; got " As the old man had seized his pet cat "George Roid" by tho tail, and was swing ing it wildly about his head preparatory to using it upon mo as a shillelagh, I con- ' sidered it safe to get, and I got. DIBBS. I wont down to thB Railway Station to meet Sir George Dibbs on his return from Tamwortb. . - As the, passengers alighted I saw the ex-leader'- of tho Opposition in diBguise , coming oiic of a second-class carriage. I went lip to hiin and said softly, " Carthage is- destroyed." . - - :. . j He started. " ;\J; " Damn Chicago !" ho muttered, in a 6tago whisper. " My backbone is all brokon !" " What thinkest thou of Piddington ?" whispered wo. " D— n Piddington, d— n everything," he cfied, hoarsely. " Let mo alone. I'm off to Penrith to stimulate looal industry by turning littlo wooden images of Reid on my lathe. Leave- me, I prithee, good newspaper fiend, leave me to my lathe and lonely fate." Whereat he turned sorrow fully and tragically away ! COPELAND. I went to tho window and wired to Cope- laud at Armidalo: "How do you feeiP ; Reply." In half an hour I received the laconic answer. "Broke! Bad!" I had to pay for the return telegram at this end. ' WISE. I turned up to Surry Hills and found Wise. Ho was pioking his nose reflectively," whilst one of his constituents stood., by brushing the flour out of his Sunday 'coat. " You've had a bad licking, Barney ?" I suggested. . " No occnsion to remind me of tho mslan- ' cboly faot," ho answered, savagely ; " the whole country knows it ! That's enough." "Will you now rotiro from public lifo, or will you come up again ?" " I'll wait nnd soo what M'Millan does," ; ho replied. " In the meantime, will you bo kind enough to go away and lonve mo to my mournful meditations ! You can put ; it in tho pnpor if you like that I am feeling ; very well, and bearing up bravely under this unoxpocted blow." We promised to put the cheerful intelli gence before our constituents, and tear- fully withdrew. KIDD. Just beforo winding 'up for the night I Btruck Kidd, Into of Camden. Ho was standing in the portico .of tho General Post-office, looking like tho yottng man who has just boon given tho key of the street for the first timo. " Hello, Kidd," said I, " how do you foci ?" "I've been batted by a particularly savage Bull," ho replied. "I'm feeling soro." Whoroat ho rubbod himself ruefully in the rear. " Protection has gone down at Camden, and you're gono up, eh f" "I've been thrown tip, savagely thrown "P- ..t- "Can you sneak in anywhere? Is there any friend who will do the kind and gentle deed ?" He shook his head sadly. " Thoro isn't a ghost of a chance ; even if there was Dibbs and Copoland and two, or threo others would have a prior claim. Sco P" " He's all right, isn't ho ?" "Who ?" " See !" "That's a joko," muttered Kidd, de jectedly. " I think it is cruel and inhuman on your part to joke with mo under these circumstances. Go, go and leavo mo hero, here undor tho shadow of my dopartod glory ! Oh that I had Joe Cook in a bag on the edgo of the Circular Quay. I'd — I'd—" Tho ox-P.M.G. ground his tooth so horribly that I thought it host to slither. As I slipped down the stops a sue cesaful candidate whom I know personally camo ' full butt against mo. "This inh a (hie) mosh gloriaah vic- torish," said ho. " Como 'long an' 'ave a drink." ; 