Brevities. From tho latest English files to hand tho following interesting itoms are t»kon : — Rubinstein was buried at St-. Potoraburg, with groat pomp, at tho oxptmso of the Stite. Tho oflicUl report of tho Parliament-hill tumulus, ttiUes that in all probability it was an anciont British burial ground oonturies before tho Christian era, but was not Bondicou'o tomb. A. f armor named Daly has just died at Cluuinult, .Ireland, aged 105. As recontly as six months ago ho worked on his farm. There are 3G2 exhibitors and l3GO ma chines at tho Stanley Cyolo Show at the Agricultural Hall. Amongst fcho novelties ia a bamboo cyclo, which woighod only 22 lb., and hadbeon ridden 1000 miles. A gontloman while fishing in tho Bristol CIhuh-oI cuptuved a 40 lb. sturgeon. The fish was sent to tho Queen, and tho fisher ninn's courtoay has boon acknowledged by a ktloc and a guinea. An nctrusa hits just died in a London woikhouso who, yoara ago, marriod a man worth £40,000, which w:is run through mainly by hor oxtiMvayanoo. At a s-ile iu London a Stradivariua violin dated 1701 Bold for £600. A atr.mgo accident bofel Mr. Whymper, tho famous mountain-climber, who hud . scaled many almost inaccessible hrighti without injury. He was to lecture in Liverpool on his oxpurionce, and foil while ascending tho etiurc.iso loading to the platform. His collar-bono whs frao'ured, and the lecturo had to bo abandoned, A London widow, agod 87, died from a broken heart, through overstraining her- - Bolf in fastening tho buttons of her gdmi duughter's dross. It win stated that auoh a dmth had only been known t-j have occurred onco before. T*o young mon woro summoned at Swanuoi for damaging (he. communion tablo in a church. It appoara that they - - wero in lovo with tho aime young lidy, and ai sho \v:« leaving tho church they rushed to hor side, and in the struggle ' which ensued the damago was dono. A widow iu Paris wa3 so haunted by tho feur vi encountering hor dead hus band's ghost that sho married agnin, : thinking that tho presonco of aauosessor would keop tho apparition away. Tho dead body of a nui:v taken from the Soino was identified by a wonvin aa that of her liuabund. Sho had tho c lrpse carried homo and placod on tho bod surrounded by candles. It waa a case of mistaken identity. When tho huaband roturned ho , was enraged, and had ho not boon pre vented, would httvo thrown tho corpse, from tho window. A young boggar, on being arrested by the Marseilles polico, was found to possess railway shares and othor stocks represent ing £16,000. Tho idea of a man standing as sentry, with tho rank of a privato soldier, at the door of tho vory mansion in which ' ho had livod as a Minister, and saluting his succes sor as ho entered, appears too improbable to boontBitainod for a momont, oven by the must imaginative. Yet such an adven turo roally occurred in tho cuao of Victor Duruy, who was for years Minister of Pub lic Instruction during tho Empire, and has just boon gathered to his f-ithors. It was on a Snptembor evening in 1870. A soldier iu the uniform of the National Guard was pscing up and down, ride on shoulder, in front of this Ministry, his breast adornod with tho ' plaquo ' of a Grand Oflicor of the Lpgion of Honor. Presently tho now MiniBtor of Publio Instruction arrived. It was M. Jules Simon, to whom his predecessor, iis senti nel, prcsoiilod arms a.s in duty bound. He recognised tho soldier, and oxolnimod, ?'?What! Ib that you, Daruy ?' ''It is I,' was tho answor. ' A private soldiar V ...- added M. Jules Simon iu his ainaisomeut. ? 'Exactly so. Quevoulcz-vous? Ouo can not bo a Minister for over,' replied I he sentry. ' Woll, I see that ono can always aet an example,' said JV1. Julos Simon, admiringly, At that date Victor Duruy was CO yours of ago.. y 