THE FIRSTSCENE. Tat: curtain has once again been ru n g up at th e T heatre of Politics adjoi ing tb e Customhouse, and some curiosity is expressed as to what tb e latest production, which it is p ro ­ posed to run fo r the seasoD, really wil] tu rn out to be—comedy, farce, tragedy, o r a blending of all Hire Siueo th e commencement o f the pr Bent lease, tragedy and comedy not. unmixed with th e lighter hum or ha been presented. The opening roanon was disastrous to the favorites of ji former day. und they soon founc themselves displaced and forced to become auditors rather th an loadiog players. The bouse had fallen evil tim es ; it had acquired a bad name; a n d there were fears that tb e “ ghost ” would cease to walk the custom ary days, b u t tbe i principals weTC meu of indom itable w ilhplack, energy, and perseverance, and although they knew th a t those they bad displaced would prove merciless critics, if not implacabl foes, tbey staged their dram as, which they th o u g h t would once more bring aboot fam e sod an overflowing tre a ­ sury. They placed before the public an extensive repertoire, w hich it. thought would tickle tl • palates of nil aud secure the end desired, but the deposed ones called to th e ir assistance others, a n d tho new-com ers were n ot so successful as they had at ouc tim e had every reason to believe tboy would h ave been. The curtain was rung* down, b u t only a portion o f the fuDds to fill th e depleted treasu ry had been obtained, a'.d a abort season was summoned and a programme s e t forth, w hich it w a believod tho m ajority of the patron of the theatre would readily afford their support, b u t the disappointed adore and those who had failed In sccsrc honors combined th eir for and b y th eir machinations tbey manage to obtain tho verdict “ failure ” ns tb e result of tbe bonert, capable, painstaking artistes' endeavors to bring assured prosperity to tb e proprietors. Yesterday tbe aa-mo company made th e ir appearance, but. their day-bill does not disclose any startling novelties; there is nothing to m ake tbe h a ir slaud on end, and it would alm ost appear from the titles of the new pieces th at tb ey are to bo of a arilk-acd-w&tcr; character. B u t as oft-tim es an innocent-looking o b ­ ject is th e m ost dangerous and e x ­ citing, so it m ay be with th e list se t out fo r tho am usem ent o f those w ho pay th e piper. Dot although the opening scene was daU, it being but a reiteration of former productions on first nights, axeept th a t it w as not m ounted with sack splendour, as had been observable in previous years, and although there is little to compluiu of, except that th ere is to bo no high strung m clo-dram a of a few years back, when nothing b u t wild e a t railway scones would palliate Die depraved aud oapily-lcd-uwny taste, tbero were m urm urs ns the drop snunc fell of an attem pt to ruin tho troupe who bad dune som ething at- least to restoi’e the fallen fortune of tho house. "What the chiefs had done while off the sing'* w as to be attacked, w hat they intended to do a t the cIofo of the current season wns to ho dealt with, th e ir ,fu tu re engagem ents must- be stopped by any and every means, base m otives must- bo ascribed to iliem ns to th eir future aggrandisement, in short, tb e plotters lveolvcd to do and be every and all things to till men in order to bring about the accomplishment of th eir schemes. Hut w hen should they make the attem p t to damn their successful rivals r The sooner they could accom plish such a task th e greater would bo the kudos iu the roiuds of their few b ut w ealthy aud conserving friends, and th e aooucr would t heir own salaries be increased; ucver mind the owners of th e theatre, who w ere dependent on th e ir tenants doing th e ir best to secure th e greatest amount of money w ithout callingupon them to supply a n y deficiency. But to come to more solid grouod. To-day th e Address-iu-Rcplj* will be brought up, aud we suppose thete will be the sam e oft-repeated platitudes interspersed with a cum ber of gricvauces, new and old, until tbe House itself becomes w eary, aud a purely formal m atter is agreed to. T hat th e G overnm ent will ba strenuously attacked there is not the slightest possible doubt, fo r the b itterness of the cold in tb e shades of opposition is keenly felt, and no pretext, however small or ill-founded, will be perm itted to pas6 for flinging mud a t &u; Adm inistration which did steadfastly and resolutely set its shoulder to the wheel to lift the Tasmaniau ct.rt of commercial aud political probily out of the ru t leading to dishonor and bankruptcy. Opinions may differ as to the: wisdom of sonic of its actious, which, on investigation, have been found to be fu lly justifiable in all the circum stances of the case, but there is not a member of either branch of tho L egislature, who will ignore for the tim e being personal and p a rty reasons, and who will give his w eight and influence for the Slate as against purely private or partisan m atters, but will he ready to admit tin t tb e Hruddon Adm inistration have done well for. and are deserving of fu pporl at the hands of th e country. ire, alaF. too m any in this community who can never see beond th eir «wn pockets, and they arc not slow in bringing to bear all the power they cat), by m eais of in ­ sinuating m anners, and iu other ways well known to crafty timepoliticians and represet t v i v s not- nly fo r their owu p articular constituency b ut for others. Tim oligarchy which was scotched in 1SS7 is again thoroughly restored to health and-is seeking to cncorapa's everything w ithin its bounds: it is seeking the dc&tiaction; of a Government which if trying to m aintain the honor of the Colony. Arc they to be per m ilted to go o n 't To throw Tns tn&uia; bark in to the pnsitiou of i Cmwn colony, for th a t is then I'ttivia Thule. I t depends on tin people who will require to clepeli watch proceedings in the immcdteti future. To them is relego led the tusk of saying w hich king they v serve— Oligarchy and oppression Democracy nnd freedom. 