THE EASTER BHOBT. \--J- It was a most bloseomful Easter morning in the old Alabama town. Daffodils fair as those that lured Persephone to the under world shook their tiny golden goblets in the sunshine. Chinese msrtolias, with their smooth, lavender.colored sides, held draughts off sweetness for the breezes to sip. Yellow jessamine dangled a thousand golden bells from pillar or tall cedar. Cecil Lee Vert felt a delicious thrill of joy at the fullness of spring and sunhine. He had fasted strenuously all Lent, but all the austerities practised by the young rector of St. Lazarus could not keep down the buoyant physical strcngthof hint. But his asceticism helped to build upon him a toul of such poiter that it seemed to one and another of his congregation that he but thought of a needed reform in his world, and, lo, it was asaomplished. On all the electric currents of epiritnal force he seemed able to lay hand for good. Butt there was one thing he had thought over a great deal of late without bringing his hopes anywhere near an accomplishment; the Gains household could not be interested in Church work. They paidfairly, promptly their pew rent, and lent their calla lilies when asked for decoration, bur they were otherwise wholly careless. They were new to the town, having. come to live in an immensely old house, as Alabama eouses go, come to them lately by inheritance. They were charming people; laebelle Gains wee wholly so. She was to he married soon. Cecil had met her and her betrothed walking toward her home in the twilight last evening. Maehelle held a handful of white camellias, and Cecil had thought she looked just as magnificent and soulless as they. Now with the richness of the morning and the strength of a fast breaking in him be do termined to make one more effort to interest these two in those matters that were more then breath of life to him. With this in view he walked up the long avenue of Magnolia-hall grounds before early eervices. Under a gold- powdered cedar, rich with its lustre of infinitesimal fine bloom, hte saw the lovera seated. lie saw that they were in animeted conversation, and the words that he could but half hear were these: "Don't you think, Maebelle, that we might have that nice young fellow, Lee Vert, to marry us instead of that superannuated fossil, Dr - " " And why, pray "' interrupted Maebelle's full, sweet tones, "why are we to have any minister?" " Why, Maebelle, dil you ever see a wedding without a minister?' " I have read of being married by a pro bate judgo, or something like that." "But people in our position! The newe mongers, in print and out, wouldn't want a better morsel!" "You have taught me all this," declared Macbelle; "and you wish me now, because ountom, fashion trills it, to take a bit of eclat from a thing I cannot honor." "You go too far," urged Tom. Toment was only enough of an an agnostic to be comform able to his clique: it had never cecurred to him to cut short his pew rent or refuse an invitation to dine with a biship. His love for Ioaebelle was so deep and s:ncere that he was careful, untilhis engagement was a stur thing, not to utter to his beloved any of those airy, poison.tipped bon-mots and saure little sneerings that made up pretty much of his stcek-in-trade of fashionable agnosticism. Maebelle had proved too apt a pupil. " But here is Lee Vert !" exclaimed lEsoew. " I'll ask him if I am not right." " Miss Maebelle is right," declared Lee Vert. "I partly gueso, I partly heard, tie matter of disenssion. One ought never to shelter under a banner one cannot love and defend." Tom Eskew looked frowningly out over the lshe with its glistening ripple and its isands of lily.pads. " Why can you not enlist with nut" asked Lee Vert; all this coldness in the midst of generous warmth and beauty of nature, all this flippancy of doubt against his warm zeal, was wehllnigh insupportable to him. " I canrot believe so forcibly as one must to be with you, in the elements of the un seen," said Maebeller, Tom was more annoyed than he could have believed possible; he stooped and plucked one of the white hyacinths that stretched in a wide border before them like an opened scroll with its woeful all a l! writte· on the blithe spring-tide. "I find it hard to believe," eaid Lee Vert after a pause, appropos of nothing, as he reached for a spray of Jessamine. "that these beautiful and fragrant blossoms hold a deadly poison within." "Unseen but potent," murmured Tom. "Ah, I see where you are now, Mr Lee Ver:," langhedMaebelle; and as to you, Tom, you will soon be ready to believe in our ghost ? "Yes,"continued Maebelle, lightly, "since we have moved to this house every tmember of the family, myself excepted, have either eena sight or felt-a-.omething-whieh was worse." "What have they seen?" asked Tom eagerly. " Oh, the usual thing," laughed Msebeola; " all white, quite comme it fait." "Who saw it '' Tom bent towards her in his eagerness. "Dignify our ghost with a personal pro. noun, if you please!" "Who saw her?" "Alh, yon think her at once a woman. You are eight. But I will begin the story at the beginning," suggested Maebolle, her bright, pleasant face unlike enough a weird story. "It was this way: my brother, who had not a grain of supertition nor any sort of cowardie, came home late from a Univer sity class supper a few weeks after oar arrival; it was about this time of the year. The house was all in darkness. He stepped into the library to get a package of cigarettes he had left on she mantel. No sooner had he gotten midway into the room before a great fear overcame hem. In the first surge of fright he braced himself for the defensaive, but in an instant he felt ashamed of his sense muscles-yet a greater terror swept over hime. Every senarate hIair stood on his head. He felt somepervading presence in the room. He heard the softeat, the swiftest footfall here; there, everywhere. Even in his fright ho managedl to strike a match. Nh'o one was to bhe seen." "Did he aee nothingP' Tom's eyes were very eager. l"Nothing," miledMaebells; "but if you still wish your soul harrowed up I can tell you cousin MIargaret'esatory. Fournightss jeo baby Garland was in sanch a tantrum as the sweetest babies will be sometimes. Mother and myself were trying in rain to quiet him, and cousin Mlargaret, hearing his erying and having a marvellous power with babies, started down the stairs to come to him. "IfHalf-way down stairs I heard her call very excmtedly to me, ' Mbaebelle Maebelle l! How could you frighten me so !' I heardher ay. And as pale as one of these bhyaeinths se rushed into mother's room. 'Why, Masbelle! yon in here !' she exclimed. "' Of course I am,' I said; '1 have been in here warrying with baby this hour and " 'I sraw yon,' she declared, 'as distlutly as Isee you now. Not your face; that was hidden. Bat yosr figure, your own attitude, your white dress. You stood between the portieres of the musiec-room door, as if you were just about to step into the hall.' "You beckoned to me so anxiously, so strangely -' \- "Little Archie, who has never knewn a touch of fear, ran out iimediatelyand looked everywhere in the drawing-room and hal No one was to be seen. "Mother looked startled at the story, just as Tom does now," laughed the fairnarrator; "and she told us that two nights before that she had seen a white hand reaching from be' hind that very portiere and beckoning to her. Thinkingit me, for it seemed to be the hand and arm of a tall person, she hurried into the drawng.room, and, though in the twilight shecould see every object in the room ilis tinetly, she coulddiscover no one. "Aunt Lootie threw up her black hands and lamented aloud, 'Our ghiost would neverleave this house!' she cried. "Now," it is truth," continued this unbe lieving teller of ghost tales, "that we could not get servants to stay with us when we came here, only old Lootic send Wash, who would leave us for nothiog. They said they heard strange noises even in broad daylight, and saw strange figures even at noon. A etrange sunshtine ghost ours is, Tom," she said, laughing at his eager face; "it will appear either night or day as it chooseoe. We had a small addition made to the old house, and then the servants were ready enough t bhire to us; they said new planu; would drive off the spirits. Buint even new plank has failed to rid us of our haunting woman with the beckoning hand." "Now 1 shall tell what I myself saw," de. cdared Tom, "the second time I came hIere to visit this louse. It was 2 o'clock at morn' iag, you remember, when my train brought me here from Chattanooga. I expected only Joe to be up to receive me, of course, the hour being so unearthly. What was my amazement as we drove' un the avenue of emagnolias, to see a tall young woman in white standing alone at the front door. There was no light in all the house. I wondered you should be up and alone at suoh an hour. I had the hackmnan stop and put me out Ialf. way up the avenue. This he was glad to do, for his horses were lifting their heads and snorting with euppressed excitement. His own eyes were big as saucers. Thinking the igure to be you, I said no word of it to him, of course. I walked up the avenue slowly, so oppressed was I with a sense of deep sorrow more than fear. The figure was so wind-blown. so full of indescribable grief. stricken expression, that it seemed almost a sacrilege to approach it. " But as I cane nearer, the figure floated, with all its draperies astir, across the broad gallery, down the lofty flight of steps, out into the garden. But that I did not see the face I could have sworn it was you. "As I was about to turn to follow it I heard Joe's cherry 'Hello,' and he flung wide the hall door. 'All well?' I aEked. "'Sound as a top,' he said. " 'Where are, where is Maebellel' I asked. "' In bed,' said he. "Somehow I couldn't say a word about the figure." The young minister pulled to pieces a jsponica wide opened, and mingled white and red, like the rich mingling in a lover's heart of white despair at the truth of esuch bappi ness and regal hope of desire's perfect fulfil. ment. It seemed to him preposterous that a man who professed himself as full of doubt as Tom Eskew should con over so credulously such impossible stories. "Of course we have a raieon d'etre for our ghost," explained Maebelle, lightly. "Aunt Lootia says ler randmother-who was, of course, a slave to our people, as Aunt Lootie herself was in the old days-told her of a great - great great-aunt of mine who was ready to laugh and to scoff at anything. In the height of her yocth and beauty she was thrown from a horse and received an injury which she never recovered from. She died, according to Aunt Lootie, lamenting her etabbornness, and declaring she would, ii possible, return to warn all sneerers to beware of misbelief of their betters." "It is a sad story," said Lee VTrt. "If it is true," said Msebelle; "but she has not, you see, kept her word as far as I am concerned." "She may yet," sententiously from Tom. "What has come over you, Tom:" queried Maebelle, with a puzzled smile. "If she does or does not appear to you, it should make no difference in your belief or misbelief of great truths, Miss Maebelle," said Lee Vert, rising as his church bells rang cut bcheerily. " If I can persuade Maebelle to it, you will marry us, will you not ?" asked Tom. "No," answered Lee Vert; " I cannot give the prestige of a holy ceremony to these who despise it and my holy office." Tom flashed hotly, but Maebelle reached out her strong yoong hand to grasp Lce Vert's. "You are right," she said; "and be assured I will never let Tom ask vou unless I become as you are." All the bells of all the churches in the old town rang out most melodiously, and the March sunlight grew brighter and richer, but Maebelle and Tom sat wrapped each in a new discontent. Tom couldn't help fancying that he gave more to his agnosticism than that school was like to give to him. He saw that he could never make Maebelle accord any show of deference to that crent and imporanut eociety, the Church, that anyhow marries and buries us, no matter how necw-school we grow. The uncomfortablo thought of death came to him, a burial without a service, and a monument bearing thereon same text of Plato. He couldn't imagine a houseful of children with no one to hear them say their prayers. It was a most excellent arrangement to have a Being who threatened and promised, and Christian maxims to form characters for young aieces of humanity. It was nice, too, to have a wilfe battling with tears with one's manly doubts. Mlaebello, too, was disappointed in Tom. How much nobler appeared the young mmister, firm, immovable in his convictions, mistaken though they might be. ouddenly the glamour of the spring day became avery heaviness of rich gold. Sud. denly the sweetness of spring flowers, jessa mine, narcissi, hyacinths, became deadly in its intensity. Suddenly Maebelle caught sight of a figure fluating toward her from the far reaches of the bowery lawn. The whole form was quivering with, it seemed, an agony of bitter sorrow. The shadowy clouds floated hither and thither, and anon wrung them selves in an eatacy of despair. Maebello saw, or thought she saw, what no other human being had seen, the face of the thing. It was a face whose expressions were as unstable as waters, yet each variant was a show of deeper misery, of tireless yet ever. changingangnish. It was a horror of fair ness, of delicacy. As the form, light, graceful, beautiful, yet a very inspiration of horror, drifted, almost, it seemed, to Maebelle, near enough for her to reach out to touch the quivering hands, she sprang up from the garden seat, her ovn form palpitating, her own hands as full of unsteady terror as those of the floating shadow. Amoment! and, with the blackness of death all about her, she sank into her lover's arms. .It was long months before Miebelle could rise from the bed where brain fever prostrated her. In the long night watches, checkered with days of aelering, she learned lessons of deeper import than those of any ghost, or wraith, or spell of springtime could teach her. It was Eastertide again when Tom, humbled of his arroganc', yet triumphant in a new hope, asked Lee Vert to perform the ceremony at his appronahing marriage. The Easter ghoit of lagnolia Hall nas never Oeenagainm. Its many appearances to diverse peopto were never explained. Whether it was re· fleation of sky andwater and bloomful trees; the shaking tof white shadows from wind blown boughs to meet the white glitter of the lake'along ripples and of thle toss of milky fountains, or whether the young minister (son. rowing in the midst of his lofty exultation of Eastertide at remembrances o? the flippant talk of two doabters, yet ready almost to believe in shadows) printed unwittingly, in the mind he thought of, the figments of his own fancy; or whether the coming fever of the lrain had sent out its own fevero:us phantasles forforerunners; none could say. The next year the old town experienced a "boom," as many other old Southern towns have. The lawn about the Gains' housne was cut by opening up of new streets, theslake was drained off, lots were sold offMlla lohela Grove at gilt.edged prices. The lilies, the forest magnollas, the Chinese mageolias, the yellow jessamine, and the most of the japonicas vanished before the rush of pre frees and rows of tenement houses.--M. Yocco, in "N . Y. Home Journal." 