THE DISAPPEARANCE OF MR. DERWENT. a mystery. BY THOMAS COBB,. Author of "The House by the Common," " Wedder- burn's Will," " The Westlakes," &c.; Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward. Lock <$ Bowden, Ltd. all bights reserved. CHAPTER XII. owkn's mistake. "Floy," said Arnold, after Dr. Viret'e visit to Ann on Wednesday morning, " let's go and have a look at Aunt Alice's grave," Pleased by the suggestion, Florence assented, and a little after noon they set forth. ... In a small wicker basket she carried a few Lent lilies, removed from her own gatden by the roots, and on the top of them a trowel. On the way to the ohurehyard, she pointed ont Colonel Askew'B house. "Yon remember, that is where the bur glary was committed," she said. "Yes,' he answered; "and what is more, Uncle Roderick came this way." " How positively you speak 1" " I am as certain as if I had seen him, Floy. He left the house and took this road, and went in by the lych-gate, just as we are going to do. If he did not want to visit the grave, what did he want!" A few minutes later they were standing at vfra fnnf Thorn VtAnAttt.li tVi A ytatxf froo trrviinh +"WS J WW Wiou, rruiwu for centuries had stood in the same place, whilst history was making and Florence's ancestors were born and lived their brief spans and died, was the headstone, covered ' with the names of previous DerwentB. The spot was completely hidden from passers-by in the road, and Florence could go down on her kneeB to plant the Lent lilies in the oblong patch of monld, at present filled only with small evergreen shrubs, without the slightest fear of being seen. ' Poor mother," she murmured, glancing np at Arnold. " How sweet she was 1 To you, who saw her only in perfect health, it must seem impossible to realise that she is gone." "I beg your pardon, Floy," he said, arousing himBelf from a fit of abstraction. " I was thinking of uncle. It's oertain he came here ; I'll swear to that. Now the question is, what happened next ?" She bent lower over the daffodils, and Arnold thrnst his hands in his pockets, and strolled away to .the lych-gate, whiBtling under his breath. As they drew near Forest Prospect on hie way home, Owen came forth "Is that the Johnny 2" asked Arnold. " That is Mr Fairford." "You may as well introduce me." She stopped and did as he requested, un able to refram from comparisons between the two men. Owen Btood a head taller than her cousin, bnt was not quite so erect. He locked quite listless thiB morning as he inquired after Ann. "Sne's worse," answered Arnold, for her. " An awful bore ; it .turns the honse into a hospital. For my part, I've had about enough of hospitals. By the bye, Mr Fair- ford, you mignt give us a look in. Come to dinner. Wnat time, Floy ? ' But Owen declined to come to dinner, whilst expressing his Pleasure in jnfn tium later. " At about nine o'clock," he said. " As I used to do, Miss Derwent. ' On hiB arrival, he found Arnold alone in the drawing-room, Florence having gone np Stairs to the siok woman. " ZjS.oo did not expect yon home so soon," he said, when Arnold bade him sit down, but one next minute he was rising to greet Florenoe. "No," Arnold answered. "It's luoky 1 Bailed when I did. Old Edwards' lettei mignt never have reached me, and I very seldom looked at a paper. Tnere'a been too much time loBt already. It may prove a long job." " A long job — I beg your pardon ?" said Owen, loosing quite at a loss. " To prove my uncle s death, you know.'' Arnold Derweut was one of that kind of persons who cannot in any oircumstanoes keep their own counsel. Nothing was more foreign to his nature than reticence, and he would discuss his most intimate privatt affaire witn a stranger. His thoughts leakeo out of him, sometimes trickling gradually, like the contents of a defective cistern, at others gushing boldly forth as if the main bad burst, " You seo," he continued, apparently un- oonscious that this plain reference to her father could be painful to Florence, " there's so little to help one. Odd, isn't it, that a respectable, steady-going, middle-aged gentle man should be able to disappear ? — by the bye," he continued, whilst Florence glanced deprecatingly at Owen, " it was quite waste of energy to offer a thousand ; five hundred would have done. Now I wonder how Viret would like to have to hand that thousand pounds over to me, Will you comt and smoke, Fairford ? ' " Not just now, thanks." " You do smoke, of oourse 1" "Oh yes, bnt not here, Mr Derwent ob jected. ' "Ah, but he's dead, you see," "Arnold," cried Florenoe, provoked al most beyond bearing, "I told you before that it was not certain. FleaBe don't speak as if you actually knew." - ' What do you, think 3" Arnold demanded, faoing Owen. " If he's not dead, where the devil is he!" "Tne same question might be asked in any case," Owen answered quietly. "If Mr Derwent is dead, where is his Jbody ?" -"Hidden, of course. But it must be hidden pretty far ont of the way to escape me, I am here to find it, and, depend upon it, I shan't loae a ohance. My cousin thinks I shan't succeed, because that Juggins of an inspector failed. I J®ow their antiquated way of going to work. ' May one inquire your own method ? " Simply to keep my eyes open ?nd use my common- sense. I mean to hunt up every suspicious character in the place," " Are there any ?" asked Owen. "I dare say yon know that I am practically a stranger about here." " The burglars for some. Anyway, con tinued Arnold knowingly, " I'm here, and I have a good deal at &tik6;( Of course, he added, disregarding Florence's very obvious frown, " it's a bad' business for my pons in." Owen roBe, and standing on the hearth rug, looked down at Florence. " Derwent," he said, cutting Arnold short, "I have never had the pleasure of bearing you sing." " I haven't touched the piano since — Amn.'d had seated himself upon the music- etool, and mow began to Bing a popular comio eong of the day-— rather cleverly. No Booner did he finish r.h.n, swinging round on the etool, he exclaimed — " Of course a man who is reHy bent upon suicide will walk miles." "Mr Fairford," said Florence, determined to change the topio at all costs, " 1 have not told you of Lizzie's fright on Monday night, or, ratner, it was Tuesday morning. She did not leave the honse till pst one o'clock. Raising her eyes to Owen's — he still stood on tne b earth-rug — she noticed that he started eligntly and gripped one lapel of his irockcoat in each hand. H», who as a rule was perfectly self-pose eased and at ease, suddenly seemed to become stiff and oon- strained. " Fire away, Floy 1"' cried Arnold, leaving the mnsio-tool and flinging himself into an armchair facing her. As she continued, she could not help look ing atO wen again, nervously, apprehensively this time. Sne could not conceive wnat had happened to make him uncomfortable, yet assuredly he looked iU at ease. "Ann being worse that night." Florence said, " I sent Lizzie for Dr Viret. But when she drew near the chnroh-yard " — Florence observed Owen's fingers tighten on his ooat, his knuckles looked quite b trained, — she saw, or thought she saw, a tall woman in black." Glanoing at her oousin, Florence saw that Owen's manner had attracted hiB attention also. Arnold was watching his face atten tively, and every particle of colour seemed to go out of it till even his lipB appeared white. " Fire away, Floy said Arnold, a second time. " I like tnia ; it's getting interesting." Buthe'did notjshifthis eyes from Owen's face a moment. " There— there is not muoh more to tell," she said, nervous from sympathy, " except that Lizzie Boreamed and ran home, and arrived half wild with fear." Owen lifted his shoulders and drew a long breath. " What was the woman like ?" Arnold demanded. " DreBBed in black, yon say." " All except her hands. She wore a thick veil." " Odd to go prowling about the village at half-pant one in the morning ; don't you think so, Fairford 1" " I beg your pardon, what did you say ?"' Owen asked. Florence had never heard his voice vibrate in that way hitherto. "Odd that a woman, tall, dressed in black, veiled, should be prowling about the village after midnight. Who can she be, Fairford J" "I am sure I — " He pansed, and his face had colour enough in it now. After a moment of painful embarrassment, he stepped nearer to Florence and offered his nand. "I think I must say good-night, Miss Derwent." "So soon," she faltered. Bnt her con ventional protest was nipped in the bud by his look of entreaty. Pressing her hand, he left the room without taking the least notice of Arnold. As soon as the door oloBed he rose ex- oitedly. " Floy," he demanded whydidn't you tell 1UO OWUUW SUU TV UU1CSU WGiUlG " Simply because it did not occur to me." " Of course she hangs ont next door." "Why should she?" Florence asked quickly. "You ask that, after seeing Fairford give himself away aB he did ! You ought to ?ave told me, Floy; if I'm to get at the truth you mustn't keep back anything. Now I have something to go upon." " I don't see what." "Don't you? Now listen to me. Uncle Roderick either went away of his own accord, or he killed himself, or got killed. A man can't hide his own body after killing himself ; another man may hide it for him. No nse to suspect the parson or the doctor, or any ordinary Christian. You must look for some one out of the common — this woman, for instance. Now, who liveB at Forest Prospect " Owen Fairford." " Yes, yes, but who lives with him ?" "No one bnt the servants," she replied reluctantly. ''You don't mean he lives alone?" " I have never heard of any one living with him," she said. " But—" "Wait a moment, Floy. Yon Baw he knew all about the woman. No man ever gave himself away more beautifully. If she doesn't live next door, where does she ave? She must hang out somewhere in Rookiield. What I want to know is, where ?" " You know all that I do about her, Arnold," Florence answered wearily. " I don't know much yet. But he knotfs everything. If Bhe was prowling about. Monday night, why not other nights ? why not the nignt Uncle Roderick disappeared ? ' suppose she Baw him !" if see did,, though nothing is more on- likely— "If 1— yon treat it coolly. Floy. Why, it woold be most important evidence ; it carries his history down nearly three hours later. She could tell us for certain wmch way he went." Surely," Florence urged, " if she could ell us, wnoever she iB, and wherever she lives, she would have done so at first. What reason could sne have for secrecy T" "I don't know that," Arnold answered, 4 bat it is th e best clue that has turned up yet. Here is a wom.n wnom no one haa ever _eard of, who undoubtedly lives m the village, who is in the haDit oi walking about fur some reason of her own in the middle oi -tne nignt." " Who ia known to have walked through the village one night, Arnold." "Then," he continaed excitedly, "there's this to remember, Yuu tell your story to Fairford. You see that he knows ail about ner. Yet, instead of offering an explana tion, he simply skedaddles. I tell you plainly, I shan't be satisfied till I ran ner to earth." " Of course, if that is the case," she answered, "the only honourable course is to ask Mr Fairford for au explanation." She could never ask him herself, ardently as she longed to learn the truth ; but tnen she would never, on the other hand, take one step to find it ont. Yet it waB true, as Arnold said, that Owen had betrayed him self ; and Florence also felt confident that, whoever it was that terrified Lizzie, Owen knew all about her. " I'm not quite a Juggins 1" cried Arnold, in profound disgust. "Fight a man with bis own weapons, that's my game," Bhe made no furtner remark, and soon afterwards bade her cousin good-nignt. Her sympathies were exclusively witn Owen. JLn his honor her confidence was oomplete. Bhe never wavered in her trust. That some mystery overanadowed his life Bhe had long felt assured, as now that this woman waB at the heart of it. Did she live at Forest Prospect, as Araold insisted ? At leaBt, it seemed probable, liooktield was not a large village, and Florence, having lived in it all her lite, could call to mind almost every house it contained. .If the woman did not live next door, where, has Arnold asked, could she live ? Yet if sne dwelt with Owen, why had he never even hinted at her existence ? The notion that she could have even the remotest connection with her father's dis appearance Florence set aside as absurd, and sne found herself wishing tnat Owen might preserve his secret against her cousin's streunons efforts to penetrate it. It was impossible to put aside a feeling of antagonism to Araold, a sense of alliance with Owen. When she fell sleep early the next morning, her last thougnt was tms — What was Owen Fairford's relation to this myBtenons woman ? Could it be that she waa his wife ? CHAPTER XIH. the ajjto-da-fe, " I wanted a word with you, doctor," said Arnold Derwent, waylaying Dr. Viret as he came downstairs from Ann's room the fol lowing morning. "Do yon mind coining into the stuay. The fact is, I think I've got a clue." "H'm 1 yon haven't been long about it," ejaculated lr. Viret, following him into the room, " I can say that for myself," Arnold con tinued, "wnen once lm on tne joD 1 precious soon knock it off. About this woman Lizzie saw in the village Monday night." Lizzie is a fool. If that is your, clue, I don't tnink it will help you muun." " That's where you're wrong," said Arnold, ae Florence quietly juined them. " At least, tne wencn may oe a lool, prob ably lui but tnat doesn't affeot her eyesight. Sne saw sujnebuny right enougn. You know Fairiord next door ?" . . " No, 1 don't know him," was the reply. "Nobody knows the man. Perhaps he doesn't want to be known, Sensible 1. " Father knew Mr Fairford," Florence in terposed, looking down at the oarpep, Anyway, he waa in heie last night," said Arnold. " It is a fact that this woman was prowling about on Monday night. Now, wny not tne night of tne fourth of March, too ? And it so, a hundred to one she saw Uncle Koderiok." " And yet held her tongue abont it 1" ex claimed Dr. Viret incredulously. "Ex tremely unlikely I Women are generally jpady enough to talk, Heaven knows," " Oh, yonmake me tired ! Of course, if you sit upon every suggestion, it's no use going on. I merely state a theory ; if it won't work, give it up and try another ; only, at least, let it have a ohance. Yon can't deny there's a good deal that's fishy. I'll swear the woman is connected with Fairford — most likely his wife." "Wnat do you mean?" Dr. Viret de manded. " What makes you Bay that ?' _ " She must live somewhere. Fairford is supposed to -have the house next door to himself — rot ! Now, why haB he never even hinted at her existence, doctor ?" "Surely," said Florence, "Mr Fairford may have excellent reasons for keeping his own counsel, which don't concern us." " Oh, no donbt he has the beBt of rea sons !'' Arnold retorted. " She never appears by day — a reguiar night bird. You cau't deny that it looks suspicious, doctor." Dr. Viret heaitated, and looked extremely judicial for a few moments. " If there ia such a person in existence," he admitted, "no doubt it does look strange. But is there ? You have only this silly woman b testimony ; and even if tnat is to be depended upon, how do you know that she is connected with Fairford ?" " Because he gave himself away so beauti fully. Unmistakable. Florence Baw it too. bhe began -to tell ns abont Lizzie's fright, and the man was like a ghost. Oh, there's no doubt he know s just all abont her." "Well then, granting all that," said Dr. Viret, " it does not follow that she can tell you anything about Mr Derwent. If so, of coarse she wonld have spoken long before now ; and the idea of her being actually connected with the crime is absurd — sbe woald have no earthly motive." Arnold thrust his hands deep in his tronrers pockets, and looked up into Dr. Viret'e face somewhat pertly. "Have yon never heard of a murder without a motive ?" he asked. "Oh, Arnold!' cried Florence. "You can't think she " " Look here, Floy," said Arnold. '-' I have told you already, I'm only trying to start a wu riving tneory. x ou vu neara ui homicidal mauia, doctor, I suppose? Imagine this woman is a lunatic." " 1 should have to imagine she was kept under proper control as well, Mr Derwent." "She ought to be — granted. It doesn't follow she is. Suppose she's Fairford's wife and a luny ! In order to avoid putting her away, he hides her. She is liable to peri odical attacks of mania. You muBt have come across hosts of such cases. Tms par ticular night— the night of Uncle Roderick's disappearance — she runs mad at the wrong time." "Absurd! impossible !"_ exclaimed Dr. Viret. "I never heard "anything more ridiculous in all my life, never. _ Such a woman would leave the foody where it lay." He glanced anxiously at Florence's pale face as he ceased speaking- And she, despite the improbability of his theory, could not prevent it from tormenting her. Her poor father J and poor Owen also 1 It might be true, and he ignorant ; or it might be ridiculously untrue, as Dr Viret avowed. Arnold's dogmatic, eager" manner lent the suggestion a kind of plausibility, and, t ave Inspector Holt's, no other theory had been propounded. "No, no, not so fast," said Arnold. "Some of tnese luniea are devilish cunniog. If sne is not wrong in her mind, how do you account for her way of living — for all this confounded mystery? If she is not mad, what is she ?"' After Dr Viret had expressed his dissent with increased force and gune back to his laboratory, Arnold still continued the dis- cuBsiun, and tuough Florence presently leit him to seek Ann, she was compelled to meet him at meals, when she heard the argument restated. You know," he sfeid, after dinner that e veninu.. " "> -w"TkinirLfor_voumulie_;q3 much as myself. Come to that, I dont want to injure the woman or yonr ftiend Fsirfnrrl wither. Then man hoth he as innocent as I am, and that's just what I want to find out." " But how, Araold ? what can you do ?" 'Tnat a a matter for consideration," he replied. " I'M have a pipe and turn it over in my mind. One thing ia plain : I cau't touch a penny of Uncle Roderick's money tiil I prove his deatn. But I shan't stop tnere, Floy. This old place wouldn't be haoitable without you. You haven't ior- gutton the good "old times. Tney were good timeB. I often thongbt of them when 1 was away." " At Tcneriffe, Arnold ?" " Ah 1" he cried, with a pleasant laugh, " one to you, chat I You may not believe it, but I ofceu think of your dragging me out after primroses in the wood. Remember that day I bagged the pheasant's eggs, and they broke lu my pocket?" Tne truth about me is just this, Floy : if you stick to me, I can keep straight ; but if you don't — well, I shall go to the deuce headlong, . I'm just imperfect without you, and with you " "You are perfect, Arnold?"' she suggested, with a smile, albeit a rather sad one, " At all events, I m as good as most Johnnies," he retorted. "I may not be able to write poetry, like Uncle Roderick. I never believed in that rot. But my batting average was twenty the last season I played, and I can fight — there, I don't want to brag ; and whatever I am, your word is law, and yon can twist me ronnd your little fioger, Floy." He had, at least, furnished her with food for reflection. Had she really so much in fluence over him? and, if bo, could it be turned to a useful purpose, to induce him to relinquish hiB idea of attempting to probe O wen's secret ? For of this she felt certain : nothing could result but disaster, of what nature she dreaded to imagine. Her own cariosity had become extreme, her curiosity to learn" whether the woman she believed to live at ForeBt Prospect was Owen's wife. About tne hour when Florence retired to Ann's room for the night, Joe Bodger happened to be standing at the back window of hiB bedroom admiring the moon, low down over the trees tops. The house had been in darkness &ome; time, and the night being fine, he was wondering whether or not tne person m wnom ne reic so deep an mterest would set forth Though he had followed her on every occasion but one, when he had seen her quit the house, and waa not far off on the occasion of Lizzie'B fright, having indeed just succeeded in hiding himself in time to avoid detection, he had never dis covered any purpose in her peregrinations. She wept ont, usually taking the Bame direction, and came home again; and, at the present rate, a year might elapse and Joe none the wiser. He stood at his win dow, staring at the sinking moon, lamenting his impotence, when suddenly he dis tinguished a patch of flickering light thrown on to the garden bed, which a few moments before looked quite black. What did that light sigmty ? Well, it Beemed to point to tne fact that some one waa in the kitcnen, apprently making up a blazing tire there. How could j'oe obtain a view of this apartment he was bo familiar with ? After a few minutes' reflection, he formed hiB plans, and, taking one or two useful imple ments, set forth to carry them out. At the Bide of the honse was the window, that of tha scullery, and before it a kind of sunk area. Into this Joe descended, but not only was the window shut, its green cotton blind was drawn down. Otnerwise, he might have easily commanded a view of the kitchen, there being a door between it and the eculiery, which was seldom closed. But he dared not open the window, lest Owen should hear. Taking a chisel from his pocket, he passed it deitty ronnd tne pane, cutting deep into the putty on three sides, and nolding it in position with his extended lingers whilst he looBened the fourth. He next removed the pane of glass, laying it carefully upon the edge of tne area, and, patting his cnisel away, took ont a razor. Whilst he pi eased its keen edge sgainst the blind he held his breath. The noice of the incision might attract attention ; Owen might eyen be looking his way at the moment the blade penetrated. For tnat is was Owen in the kitchen he felt no doubt whatever. The sound of flames reached Joe's ears ; what were they intended to destroy? One out downwards an inch long, two at right angles, and a flap waa formed, whioh he loet no time in drawing back. His right eye immediately sought the hole. , He conld command a fall view of one half the kitchen. Watching the flames, Owen stood, his arms flolded, his face lighted by the Are, wearing an expression of loathing and dltgnat. After disappearing a moment, . his re entered Joe's field of vision, carrying a large brown paper parcel, which he .flung into the grate, afterwards preening if down with the tongs. Again he disappeared, this time returning with a bottle ; uncorking it, he emptied the contents upon the Are, start ing oack alertly as the flames burst forth with ieuewed vigor. Owen's profile stood ont distinct and clear as he sat upon one corner of the plain; deal table, his arms folded, his lips firmly set. until the flames grew smaller . and the sbadows danced more weirdly on the ceiling and walls, and at last they grew dim, ana died out altogether. Then Owen left the kitchen, and Joe quickly opentd the window and entered it. But though he lighted a candle and raked over the ashes, he could discover nothing to afford a clue to„their origin. It was annour later when he made his exit, as much at a loss as ever, but not before placing the pane of glass at the bottom of the area, \ and cantionsly setting' his toot upon it. Perhaps Mrs (Jawdrey would imagine that it had fallen out ; at all events, with all her watch fulness, Bhe would scarcely Buapeot Joe of its removal. - CHAPTER XIV. ARNOLD MAKES A CALL. " How's old Ann, Fioy ?" asked Arnold at breakfast on Saturday morning. "Had a pretty good night ?" "A night of great pain," was jthe answer. "Every now and then she starts up in agony. Dr Viret says she will die in one of these paroxysms." " Angina pectoris, that's true enough," he said sagely. " You ought to have a nurse. The idea of -you having this sort of thing night after night 1" " There is the expense to be considered," she replied, rather wearily. " You. forget that Dr Viret practically pays for every thing, Besides, Aon is not an ordinary ser vant. I like to do what I can for her." " Oh, all right, if that's the case," he ex claimed, rising abruptly. "By the bye, Floy, I'm going to make a little call." " Where?" she asked, looking hp quickly. \- " Next door, to be sure." " Oh, Arnold !" "Why not 1" he demanded. " Why shouldn't I return Fairford's visit? Not much harm in looking up a friend of yours and Uncle Roderick's, is there, Floy ? What have you got to say against it ? You've no reason, I'll swear." " Never mind my reason, Arnold. I am sure you won't go. I don't want you to go, I ask you to oblige me by staying away." " Look here, Floy," he answered, " tnere's hardly anything yon can ask me I won't; do gladly." " One can generally obtain what one does not want," she returned. "There is nothing else 1 wish to ask you, but I do very particularly want you to oblige me in this." As she sat gazing eagerly in his lace, he brought a chair to her side, and resting his arms" upon the table, leaned across it. . " Don't you want to learn the truth about Uncle Roderick ?" he demanded. " Oi course, you know _1 do. You know how anxious I am to learn the truth. But neither Mr Fail ford nor — nor any oue at nia house can have the slighteot glimmering of an idea of it. Not any more tnauyou your self have." I Haven't a scrap. How should I have," considering I was not even in England at tne time ? But she knows ; tne more 1 tnink of it the nioie sure I become." " Tnen," ehe sain, rising ana drawing her self erect, so that he f-rgut Owen ior the moment to aumiie'lier gionoue form, ."you reiuoo y,,, r,i rllijuoL this one siuipio tmug, ana: you say no.'. "Idaueuced Biuut rather Say yes," he repliea; "and it's ior your sake I stand firm quite as muun as my own." ' " lnat;" " she retorted, " is perfect non sense. 1 don't want you to do anything ior my sate." " Well," he urged, "if you really believe the woman is ignorant, where is the harm iu my caiiiug upon Fairiord? Why should you be bo precious anxious she snouldn't be run to eartn ? ' Sne flusned prettily. " Not Ior tnat reason at all,"' she answered. " Bnt you believe tnia — tms person lives at Forest Prospect, " ' So ao you, Floy." "Aud it sne noes, that Mr Faiiford wishes to keop his own counsel concerning ner. I hate tms notion of prying into another person b affairs: " That oegs the entire question, I main tain it is my affair— very much my affair. It s not as though I intended to give my self away. Io'b true I mean to go, but ne will never know why. Just a friendly look up, you know." " Friendly 1" she exclaimed contempt uously, and, leavmg him, went away to torment herself by wonderiug whether, in her secret desire to help 0 wen, she had not been betrayed too far. Was she so sure that this person had no conneciion, however innocent, with her father's disappearance ? \Vas Bhe prepared to forego a knowledge of the truth sooner than bring further trouble upon Owen ? For of one thing" she felt no doubt : whatever explanation of the mystery might eventually be lorthcoming, it inuBt necessarily redound to -Owen's credit. Concerning Arnold sue felt a tresh dis appointment. So this was-- tne extent of her influence over him, which he had vaunted. The day before- yesterday he declared ehe possessed power to' mane or mar his life; this morning he refused to give up one desire in order to please her. Fortune, favouring the bold, perhaps, dis covered Owen on his doorstep when the visitor, arrived at Foreat Frospect about eleven o clock. " A jolly morning,"' he exclaimed, in that peculiarly jaunty, cordial manner of his, " So precious dull at home, I thought I'd give you a look up. I Bee you're an idle man like myself, so I'll just make myself at i i ' it. II . iiiiiiiHj ckilti YY nlix lUi For a moment Owen seemed to hesitate, and Arnold began to expect a rebuff. Tnen Owen stepped into the hall. " Oh, come in,' he said, in a tone which would have repulsed a less thick-skinned man. " Uome into' the dining-room, if you don't mind. You'll have a drink V' . "Thanks. The worst of a house with a woman at the head of iti She never under stand a fellow's wants. You cau't And it very frolicsgme here," he added, helping i.imnnlf from the whisky find tne syphon which Owen took from the sideboard. ' "No, I don't," answered Fairford, following his guest's example, and sitting down. " My cousin tells me you live alone, too." Owen nodded assent. "How on earth do you kill time? By killing birds, I suppose ? Snoot at ail ?" "la April?' answered Owen, with a smile. "I forgot. To telljyou the truth, I think I'm gomg dotty. My head has only got one idea in it juBt now. " You see, 1 have all my work cut out. Imagine my position— a thousand a year ready to drop into my hands, and yet devil a -sou can 1 touch nntil I prove my uncle's death. It isn't so much tnat I am actuated by a desire , to punish the murderer — " " If he waa murdered." " Well, what do you think ?" "1 try to keep an open" mind until I see some more evidence," answered Owen. "Tnat be hanged 1" cried Arnold, whose head -soon became affected. " You" can't nelp having a tneory." If 1 were bound to express an opinion," said Owen coldly, ' I should say Mr Der went committed suicide." " Tnen where on earth iB the body ?" " If I could answer that qnestion, the truth would have been known lung ago. No doubt Mr Derwent was beside nimseil with grief. His bed had nut been diBturoed ; he had not lam down that nignt. . He was heard to call bis dead wile at eleven o'clock — a sign his mind was unhinged, at all events, for the moment. 1 don't agree with In spector Holt that he merely went away, Bimply because I know of many oases where snicideB have evidently tried to hide all traces of their aots. God help them 1" "Well," answered Arnold, leaning excitedly forward, '"I'll tell you what 1 believe. You remember my cousin's story about the housemaid, and wnat she saw ?'' Arnold waited for an answer, bnt none was forthcoming. Owen's face, however, became a shaue paler, and taking a g.ass he filled it from the syphon, and moistened his lips. ' You remember that ?" Arnold insisted. "Yes, I remember that." The recollec tion apparently caused him anything bnt satisfaction. " Very well. Now it's evident this woman prowls abont the village at night." "Evident that Bhe was walking in the village oue night, perhaps," iVno is see?'1 Arnold demanded, leaning fuither across tne taoie. " Nouody knows wnu sue is, where she lives. Nobody bnt tnis servant of oura ever saw her. Mustn't tnere be some pretty Btrong reason for keep ing her uark?" \- I should imagine so." Owen moistened his lips a'second time, " Suppose she's a luny — " " I ueg your pardon? ' \- "A lunatic — ont of her mind, off her head,dbtty, you know." . Owen started perceptibly. " Suppose Bne's a lunatic, I say." "-Yes, yes ; I quite understand." "1 wish to .heaven I aid !" Arnold ex claimed. . " Well, then suppose, again, she encountered my uncle that night of the fourth of March." Owen rose, and walking to the window, stood looking ont of it," " My imagination is not strong enongh," he said quickly. "Fairiord," cried Arnold, rising impetu ously and coming behind him, " I declare to God I'll run that woman to earth 1" " Sne may be as ignorant as the rest of ns — as innocent." Owen seemed to be placing a great control upon himself, speaking as a the words were wrung from him. " Tnen," Arnold demanded, "why doesn't she speak out ?" " Being ignorant, how can she ?" " Bhe isn't ignorant. Innocent she may be. I'll swear Bhe saw my uncle that night. Why iB there ao much mystery about her ?" "Surely," Owen returned, "there may be excelleut reasons for tnat— reasons of the — the woman's own, of no consequence to any one else." " I'll find out," cried Arnold. The wisest course for her friends is to help me. If they don'c the consequences rest with them. It £ drop across her, 111 have that veil off her face—" "fiheis a woman, Derwent," said Owen; and his fists were nervously clenched. " A hang for that 1 if she's a devil, I Bhall tackle her," "As you suggest," said Owen, "she may have friends, Mr Derwent." # "I'm not afraid of them or any man living," Arnold retorted. "My oniy wish is to get possession of my own. Weil,-' he added, " i didn't come nere to excite my self, only, to kill time — just to look yon up, you know. 'Time I was getting back to Florence. 1 As ne passed through the hall, he turned deliberately and looked abont him. "A nice old staircase," he said. "You can't say you haven't plenty of room ; that's wny you put tne partition up, 1 suppose? Well, good-bye, Fairford. 1 hope you'll give us a look up again before long; and' don't cut away so early next tune you come. Ta-ta." Uwen Fairford re-entered his dining- room, and walking- to the fireplace, rested his head in his hands. There was no one to Bee his laue, Out had there oeen a spectator, he would have needed a hard hoarc inueed not to sympathise with its utter miBery. Nor did Arnold appear entirely pleased by the interview. "1 wisn now I had taken your advice and stayed at home, Floy," ne said, after never see things until it's too late. Not hut 1 pained somethinrr. I had verv litLle doubt uefore, but now I'll stake my life she lives tnere — uemnu tnat partition upstairs. I'd give something lor a quarter of an nour bemud it, ami, i admit 1 made a mistake ; 1 snowed my nand, you see." " I — 1 don't quite understand," Florence answered. " Well, of course, he knows I'm on the watcn now. He'll keep her close, whoever she is. He 11 have to, it he doesn't want me to see her." (To be Continued J 