"LI LI FOO LOO." (A Visit to the Chinese Opera). BY " THE LOAFEB." My friend Daniel tells me tliat tbe Chi nese Lave only five notes, and that they call them the Emperor, Prime-Minister, Subject, State, and something-I don't remember what-about a looking glass. I am not much of a musician myself, but, as we entered the theatre in which the Chinese opera was being performed, it seemed to me that the Emperor and the Prime-Minister were having an awful row. Presumably His Celestial Mighti ness was giving the Minister the rounds of the Imperial kitchen, for, at that distance (enchantment included), the J " music" suggested the banging of pots, pans, gridirons, and crockery (could this be the ''lookingglass" aforesaid ?) inter mingled with the frying of mammoth sausages. It turned out to be the over ture to " Li Li Foo Loo"-presto move ment. Daniel-he usually does on such occasions-discovered that he had left bis purse at home, and, somewhat timidly I thought, remarked that he had a headache coming 011. " Now," said I, " it was on your sug gestion wc came here (he bad said it would be a good opportunity to study Oriental music, and one we ought not to miss), you shall go in for mine. So do not allow your head to trouble you just yet." We entered, oh so modestly. We were the only white-skins in that vast assembly, and, therefore, had a right to be modest. Musical critics are not usually the individuals to stop at describing things they are not fully cognizant with, but I question whether a musical critique of " Li Li Foo Loo" would not frighten even the most temerarious of them. From me, then, who am but a novice nt that class of thing, it will surely not be expected. The management disdained the use of all such barbaric innovations as pro grammes, 60, as far as plot, dramatis personw, acts, scenes, etc., were con cerned, the audience would seemingly be left to their own happy devices. Thus, while to the almond eyes it may have been as familiar as rice or chopsticks, to us the play was a veritable mystery. However, early in the evening, I fancied I had dropped across the tracks of a plot, and I intend, later on, to give you tbe whole thing as it appeared unfolded to me. As a matter of course Daniel " pooh-poohs" the whole thing, but that may be because it is mine, and he is a bit jealous, so bis antagonism shall not prevent me. First let me make a remark on one or two things in general. Upon the peculiar impression we re ceived of the music I have already com mented, and at this distance of time I am really not able to better convey these 1 impressions. Perhaps you had better try for yourself to imagine the effects produced upon the human ear by a battery of three fiddlers, one blow- hard nondescript, and four tom-tom and cymbal men-a battery battering with a vengeance,-a combination never dreamt of in the philosophy of the wildest of tone-painters. You are not quite un familiar with the charming effect of the Chinese fiddle, for the storekeeper next door oft pours forth his inmost soul to the balmy night. But imagine three such votaries, gigantic, vociferous, un fettered by the trammels of the science of Albrechtsberger and of Fux,-each with a barbaric " subject," wild as the wind, sonorous as the thunder, and for give me, O Orient! harsh and excrucia ting as the lemon grated upon the window pane. To this add the tone of an instrument which resembles that of a comb encircled by a piece of tissue paper, and accompany tbe ensemble by tbe tom toms and cymbals in an unvarying two four rhythm (speed far beyond the ken of mortal MM), and you have the nt plus ultra of a Chinese musical produc tion. Of the tom-tom men, one, at least, attracted our notice, he, who armed with a bludgeon, controlled the instrument on the extreme R. of the stage, for the or chestra was arranged in a line behind the actors. The instrument consisted of tbres separate vessels : one-a small sugar basin-gave forth a tiny note away in tbin harmonies - " teeck-a tceck," a second far less ambitious "tick a-tick," while . third clanged forth a heavy " took-a-tock"-at what profound depth I an barely able to say-though it miglit be reached by a deep sea line. Again, there was the cymbal man. Now I think of it this must be the Em peror himself, for what other influence will compare with his 1 What other tone dare assert itself before the mighty " bing, bang, BOM" of the Omnipotent Cymbal 1 Who sayeth " Go," and tbey goeth ; " Stop," and who dare proceed ? Surely this is mightiness. Daniel has not convinced me to the contrary, so I am still of this opinion. This Imperial tone was a source of constant annoyauce to him, for, said he, " one key seems hardly determined upon when in comes the cymbals clashing away n tone below tho tonic and upsetting everything." Until I knew Daniel I always under stood that tonic was something you bought in & bottle with a " none-genuine without- the-maker's signature" legend and Government duty stamp, hut my education, it appears, has been woefully neglected, so, " on purpose to be dressed with an opinion of wisdom," and not to expose mine ignorance, I remain silent. Of the vocal efforts of the artistes what cau I say ? I am not anxious to disgust you, nor to give yon the idea that I am exaggerating-which I really am not-but I cannot compare the sing ing to anything better than the result produced when the unsophisticated schoolboy, of the age at which the voice is supposed to be "cracked," attempts to " burlesque" the most outrageous of Italian operatic artistes, with his extra ordinary and far-fetched "ya-aa-yow ow-aa-ce-ow-the wilder his facial con tortions the more nearly he gets to the true cffect. Of the acting there can be said even less than usual of operatic companies (which is, as a matter of fact, saying a great deal), for with little exception there was no action. The actors marched upon the stage-perhaps the more correct term would be advanced to the footlights, howled their lines or parts, stauding " stock still" - their hands alone showing that they possessed the power of mobility. Could it be possible that the actors were mimicing our amateur friends ? The scenery was rather symbolic than realistic. It consisted of some half dozen chairs-dull, prosy, kitchen chairs too-a deal table, and a monstrous pro fusion of banners, silk coverings and drapery. It was the stage manager I rather than the stage management that attracted our attention, for the vagaries of the scene shifting were, to our occi dental ideas, a revelation. To see that scene-shifter walk about between the actors and musicians, from time to time carrying on conversation in twenty different humors, was the most amusing thing of the evening. The number of permutations and combinations he worked from those six chairs and deal table would stupify Todhunter himself, and shatter his faith in the possibility of limiting the value of the mathematical x. For years, nay centuries, we have been in the custom of relegating that necessary, but not over picturesque functionary, the scene-shifter, to the background. As usual we are hopelessly wrong. We look to the East for dawn. His place is at the fore O. Why do not Western managers study Celestial opera, and learn to treat their scene- shifters with more respect and less obscurity ? But now the " play's the thing," and here's your play-bill, published without the smell of authority-a translation of nothing: "LI LI FOO LOO." Run CHUM (a rich Mandarin, and father of Lili Fooloo.) Wm LUNG (a rich Mandarin, father of Pom Pom, the lover.) AH POM; POM (much in love with Lili Fooloo.) Ah FAT (the rival of Pom Pom.) Li LI FOO LOO (daughter of Rum Chum, and in love with Pom Pom.) WiFB TO WTO! LtlNO. Two retainers to Rum Chum and a Hawker, names and name u'import?. There are 103 acts, but only 53 are to be performed to-night. Of these the first twelve appeared to me to form something of a complete plot, and these twelve I propose to give you if you have the patience to listen : Act the first.-The scene is made up of three chairs on either side of the table, the whole being covered with red silk, and the scene-shifter. Teeck-a teeck, tick-a-tick, tock-a-tock, bing, bang, BOM ; zoo-kzoo-oq, schk-sc-sc sc- schk, bing bang, BOM. Enter Li Li Foo Loo and Pom Pom, R. and L. Li Li is a wonderfully " made-up" lady (rather old China one would imagine, but the matter is open to doubt). She has very small eyes, very black eyebrows, and highly-colored checks; green silk pantaloons and coat with enormous sleeves, red drapery reaching almost to the ground, and large turn-up pointed shoes: complete, a figure that seems to have just walked forth from & Chinese fan for an airing. It is evidently a love scene. The lovers make very, very long speeches, and twirl their fans incessantly, bat oh, not the ghost of a kiss ! Daniel says that Chinese courtships are rather tame affairs. I suBpect be is right, and I know that oar stage courtships are not qnito such dumb-show acts. For several minutes the speeches last, and the scene continues without incident; then comes teeck-a-tceck, tick-a-tick tock-a-tock, bing, bang, BOM, and I away they go to a lively little air. With the final signal from the Emperor, the scene-shifter arranges' Act the second.-Two chairs on each side this time. Enter Rum and Lili. He is a remarkably rich and important man, I am sure, for the musicians per spire immoderately to do honor to his advent. Even the scene-shifter nods a friendly welcome and retires somewhat. (From his look at 2nd fiddle I fancy he is beginning to get dry.) Rum is dressed in pure and spotless white silk, and is encircled by a hoop, upon which are numerous hieroglyphics. (D. says they are the signs of the Zodiac, which I don't believe.) Ho sits heavily in a chair, spreads bis legs far and wide, and says little. Lili Fooloo does all the talking-probably telling of her attach ment to Pom Pom. This is received favorably-unless Bum is of a different ilk to our stage parent-for he does not jump up, stamp and swear, and demolish bis pigtail. The scene lasts quite twenty minutes, and Hum makes an elaborate exit - something like this : Three paces forward, bow, right wheel, three paces, front, bow, right wheel (from that position), six paces, right about turn, three paces forward, three back (repeat three times) -evacuate. J i\T.B.-This is not a dance, only an exit. Act the third.-The scene is set: two chairs R. three L, The scene shifter is leaning with the grace of an odalisque upon the table, in the full en joyment of a cigarette. Enter the inuch-chalked rival Ah Fat. He has I the whole scene to himself, and is, I am certain, telling us of bis passion for the I not-to-be-resisted Lili Fooloo, and of his love's stratagem, which turns out to j be not a very refined or high-class affair at all. The process of hatching this plot to part the devoted ones is not accompanied by music. Orchestra is mute till Act the fourth, when it bursts forth in all its glory, and Daniel has " had enough of it, and wants to go home." I object, and we contemplate the ar rangement of one chair on each wing of the tabic, which constitutes the scene. Upon Rum's evidently positive refusal to break off the match in favor of Fat, that hero resorts to that lowest of tricks -passing of " nasty remarkisses." There can be no doubt of his tactics; his vile, cunning look, sinister gesticula tions, and low, whining " between-you and-me" tone show that it is the tongue of evil report at work. The bait is nibbled at, for in Act the fifth there ensues a lengthy confab between the parents, Wun Lung endeavoring to clear away some false hood as effectually as the scene-shifter has removed the chairs, and suggested a garden scene by tying a bunch of leaves to the table leg. The actual result is something doubtful, however, for there is a terrible "how d'ye do," till after much schk-sc-sc-schk, and a most un merciful bing-bang-BOMMING, the irate ones depart in no sort oi equilib rium at all, and we get Act the sixth.-The scenery remains the same, possibly because the scene shifter has adjourned for refreshment with the two first fiddles, which indul gence no one will blame him for, pro viding he finds his own. Anyhow the act is a dreadfully long-winded con ference between Lung and his wife, and that artful scene-shifter must well have known what was coming. I hare great difficulty in keeping off Daniel's coming headache. After much discussion (on Lung's part) a proposition seems to be made, seconded, and carried by that worthy (unanimously), which may be thus put down : " To invite that scoun drel Ah Fat hither to express opinions upon one's neighbors ; to likewise in vite my very good friend and-not-wished for- enemy Mr. Rum Chum to listen, in hiding, to that gent's opinion of him." Now comes Act the seventh.-The scenery is still unchanged, for is not our scene-shifter just at this time saying-" Only one more, and then X really must be off." He is coming! Hurrah 1 He is here, and proceeding to erect the scenery for Act the eighth.-All green silk is showing, and a green banner-I sup pose the hiding place of ltum. The shifter squats down 'longside second fiddle, and obligingly heats his resin and smokes his cigarettes. Tceck-a-teeck, tick-a- ticb, tock-a-tock, BOM, and in comes our friend, who, with due cere mony, is installed behind the banner. Arrange on either hand two retainers, Lung's wife, and Pom. In comes the unsuspecting Fat, Then follows quite half-an- hour'B talkee-talkee j the hider, indignant at Fat's remarks, is seen often to attempt to rise, but is restrained by I the attendants. Lung's stratagem is j succeeding. The Act closes in uproar, and Act the ninth itj devoted to Bum Chum's comments upon the actions of the DefariouB Fat. That gentloman's chances are now of a certainty nil. Act the tenth is one we cannot well see through, Daniel says be cannot see what there is to laugh at, neither can I, yet tbe audieuee is in roan. The shifter has pushed (he table to the L., and placed upon it cups of some hot steam ing liquid, while overhead floats a print of an idol. Ah Fat is in possession. To him enters the Hawker, who bows low before the shrine (?) Fat mutters " Ow- yow-cbin-ling-pising" - or words to that effect-and the house roars again. The act closes by the Hawker accepting a number of slips of paper, which be sticks about the stage, using moisture only as paste. The ubiquitous scene-shifter whips round and gathers them up again, and schk-sc-sc-schk, tzoo, BOM, and Act the eleventh starts with the entrance of Li Li Foo Loo with a drawn sword, evidently intent on taking justice into her own hands, and on " ramming" Fat's calumnies down his throat. A flourish like unto on early exercise in Indian clubs, and the swords touch. Somehow she has made a point, and Fat makes the surrender of his fan. Another, and he is without his girdle. Another, and he has no coat. We begin to hope that a condition of sans culottism at least is not tolerated by our Celestial friends, when she has con quered, and, as lie flies in terror, she gives chase. Did you imagine that a Chinese lady could run ? I never did. But look at Li Li Foo Loo. Over the chairs and the table they go in mad career, and another pet theory is de stroyed-not so the silk coverings. They have been carefully removed by our scene-shifter, 'l'hud ! and the fair com batant has floored the enemy and is standing on his chest, while the de lighted instruments burst forth in a wild howl of triumph-schk-sc-sc-schk, bing, bang, BOM, and BOM BOM again. Daniel is trying to make me under stand that the whole thing is allegorical of a province being devastated by a vic torious army, when the burst comes. Then, with his hands closing his ears, he careers madly to the door. His headache has come! " Not one second longer," he yells. " But," I protest, " wait only for Act the twelfth, which I am 6ure is going to be a big feast in honor of the mighty deeds of " " Your grandmother," he interrupts. He is out against doctor's orders, his bead is really very bad, and go he will. So from this pandemonium of bar baric music we fly, and, as we turn the corner, the Emperor and his Prime Minister arc still going at it hammer and tongs. 