A Ghost Story Explained. Dr. Andrew Wilson, in tho Illustrated Lon don News, attacks the ' true ghost story' related by the Countess of Munster in the Strand Magazine for July. Her ladyship had an admirer in Miss L, who adored her to in fatuation ; and was ' deeply, passionately, and unjustifiably jealous.' Miss L came to an earlv death, and a vear and a half after wards she appeared as a ghost at the foot of Lady Munster's bed.- There could be no doubt about it, her ladyship writes, for ' I was awaks and saw her. She was in her usual dress, wearing what was then called) a ' cross-over,' which was tied behind, while her bonnet (which she was always in tho habit of taking off as she came upstairs) was, as usual, hanging by the ribbon on her arm.' Dr. Wilson remarks on the fact that the ghost appeared dressed as Lady Munstor used to remember Miss L. and not in her grave clothes. He then proceeds — ' The Countess, be it noticed, had been suffering intensely from brow ague. She had gone to bed early, but ' not to sleep' — exactly the state of brain favouring the occurrenre ' of such an illusion as she recounts. . No physio logist for a moment will doubt her account in any one particular. What people have ap parently to learn is that there is no mora frequent occurrence in brain functions than the production of illusions of sight and hear ing, both consequent on some irritation, fatigue, or allied conditions (represented in Lady Munster's case) of the organ of mind. It is an old story, now, surely, that upon the DC11O1U1V& L/CIJL Vi3 Ul V1AU t V tJ UUU CCbi. j ±U.\s i±X\J I. JLl/O may be projected/nwi thebrain, as sound-waves and light-waves are projected upon eye and ear from the outer world and transferred to the brain, giving us our information regarding things external to us. When the brain-centres acting in the reverse direction irritate the eye's retina, there is excited in. us the impres sion of seeing something which has no real, outside, or objective existence at all. This is the ' subjective' sensation of the physiologist, and this is the explanation of the illusions and apparitions of sights and sounds which may beset our walking lives. To put the matter plainly, an apparition such as Lady Munster saw really comes from the inside of our our hands.' 