Legislative Assembly Wednesday, 24th- July 1895 'MGrfyiim' Protection .lka\d— Erection ofJWvi ??«? fiiviii! Covji\I}»it(lihi/s—l!cii!rii\ShoiH)ii) #.i- ' ? --'.ytKKliUirfM Ji/rwnHiirnl Iltn'iwt—JMkal Act .[meniihent J.'Ul ,? ,/iivrt rcctiiDif^-lWHlmvs and J'\cU,\f Svtfi-Jik^pd, rcG-JiiySouilimi '(.'roi\i-Cool;,uirdh JUiHiari Ccifrwf— Homed i iS'iii-wvors iViV/.1 ihinlvtMt! tti~l'rO):O!i!d Plll'liU : /?V)ito Cam)mtke~-Lca,i Act, A'l/. Heappro ,' . . priatwn J»'i7£: second ' na'dwy ,;' in commilta— 'Municipal JiifiUutio.ns.Mill '.; in committee Legislative CoimciCs , JFemye re Jkpogitht/ of ;, {Sim, if-!., in Jiinr nt Mody Jiity ; u mm- _ ', viitkc—Poliri/ of Govwimuil re Mncaiiim ' QMcstion~M^sa!j(!fiw,]ttJKxctMtnd!/ the Ad ' jninhtniioi'—Jldjoui'iu.wMl, I ' .Tun' SPEAKER, -took tho chair at 4.30 o'clock p,m, ? ' '? ' ' '? ' ' : ;'; 1'iJayd.bo, ; ' f /'. : AT.OItlGINES '? PROTECTION BOARD. \ 'J\T».'LEAKK;for;Mv. tosoN, in accord anco witli notice, askod'tho Premier, whothor ho had iitiy f arilior (.auf qvi n ;vt 3 ou '/with rogard to tho Abori^inG5i,Tvvp,|:cCyipn,ijoarcl, ' Tiih rilHMIJJR (Hou.'Siv J. I'orrost) re II plied,' that tlw Kill, passed lust session hud u wbo()Vfo,vwaV(Tcd for 'tlu' signification, of, Her (' Mi^joaiiy'fj pleasure, but that no reply' had yofc b.eon'rcedved in tho matter, , ' V. :,?:;:??? ,' ' ? , ?? ? - ERECTION OF A NEW SUPREME COURT BUILDING Mr Leake , in accordance with notice, asked the Premier , whether the Government intended shortly to erect a new building for the use of the Supreme Court The Premier ( Hon. John Forrest) rebleid that the Government proposed to ask Parliament for a vote for the purpose upon the Estimates. '? -, 'RETURN -SHOWING KXfrKNMTURE re ' ' ; ?'? AG'RICUL'lHJUAL'iJU'UEAU. Jin. Pv, 1\ S11OEL, in iiccorctanco with notico, moved for a return 'in' ctotail to tho 30th Juno, . t ., r .????.? ? . ? ???? ?? ?» ? ' ? ^ohowing— ' i.' How tho sum 'o.f.JUS/JCO,' voted for tho , 'fiorvicos of tho Agricultural Eumu lust Session 1 or any portion oH it, had boon expended. 8\. If tho abovo sum has boon oxcooikd, tho aniouut.of tho oxcesa iuid,how ospondod. ' t .Question put and pussied. ; ' '. . ' ,' MEDICAL ACT AMENDWEST DILL. , ' Introduced by .Mr. Lkaks (for Mr. Jamoa), ''and road a ilrat tinio.. ;- ,'?; P13UTILISE?8,AKp BEBPJNO^TUEFB \,-,;,,... .. ; _ .. liiLL. .. . . , ? . . Intvodticod by tho Commissioner of Crown ./Lauds (Hon/ A.:B. *Eichiirdoon), aud road a t . firs fc time .' '..-? .?'??. ?? .' ..»/ ?? .-. .;' '' SOUTHERN ? CROSS^!OOI.aARDIH . ?: '? .' BAlLWAY'OONTttAOT. , Mb, ' IjJORAN in accordnjico. with notico, moved 'That a copy of tho.contrnct for, tho /.conptruotipu of t!io fiouthorn Croan-Coolgardlft i'dilwny lino .bo livid on' |Lhe tablo of tho ...Uonao' 'Ho nuid , itsyna ' {jimcvftllya-ooogniood that t.ho amoxfnt b^tho.toDdox1 for tho construe, tlou of tlio railway oxtratSon to.' Coolp;imlio ' fii3 so. low 'that pvobnWj- it Would not oovov tlio nohinl cost of tho work ; njul «? coiiHcquont ; question canning som'o nsitRtion was aa to how tho contractor wna going- to malro up tho Ibsa which muafe ensuo lo.huu— whether thpro was somo spccjiil avnui^'onipiib by which tho contractor w/ia to bo onablod tp nmlco fi profit by tho tOTins on which ho .obtained vholonn of ti-uclcs.froiii.tli'oGoyo'rniuentj orbyprieon to bo chavjjctl to tho public for uaing tho sections , of Hnb'fvg they becamo 'progressively 'ready for carrying traiTie, 116 (Mv. lloxnw)' wished to bo iuW position to know, r,ml to imsvov ques tions pvit by hia constituonlH, n3 to what) special arrnugeiuout existed,, if any j booauno if tho contractor wna depouding on tho trnfilofor \'lria profits, or for malaiifj; up Jos3 on tho con tract, tho dilToronco* umat . bo obtr.iucd by chewing highor-ratoa.to tho public than would ; othorwisb bo nccesanry during tho period allowed fov' tho conattuotion.. Ho '(Mr. Mo ran) ' 'vinnod to bgo that ihoGoi'oa- whoso bonoilt this railway was being coJistiuctod -woro notvto bo '.charged ur.duly hi{jl\ rate),. fov enabling tho contractor tomalco up anylosnou tho work of eousliHictiwi 'through ito ?.?hiiviny been con. Inictcd for ntso low ft.prico, TiTJ) C'OMMISSlONiili.OP 3UILWAYS « Agroods ngvood.1 . ' Cjuof.iion put and passed. . .LICENSED BUUV12YORB. BILL. Bill road a third tinio nhd pnsaccl. Oidorod that tho Bill, bo ?transmitted by inossrigo to tho Le|-Mativo Council, jiiid.thok'coucurrouco doaircd therein, PROl'OffED' rUBLIO WORKS COMMiTTEE. 'Ma. nAlU-EK, in, nccdrdanuo with notifto, niovckl ' Tliu'y it ia desirable, in tho best interests of the colony ; 1. Tlmt all projected. ? ptibile v.'urka should bb reported upon by a comun'tteo nppointerl,foi.i'tlie pfn-poao, boforo ' n«y- snoh worlta avo uurtoHalcou. 2. That.tiucli cohunittoo should bo indejifindeut of aiinia tcri.il control.!' ' llo c.aid'.: Thiais not tho Ilrat limo thiaqnoRtion ha3 been lief ore Pixrlininont. I think in ltiOO t)i.o quostiou wr.s introduced, in tho dobaf o on tho A'ddross-in-Roply, by tho then* hon. uu'inbcr for ? York (Hon. tJ, II. Parker), and it win' also introduced in a motion smbfioqnoutly nvado in (mother place. The oiily objection'- r!;iaod to' it at that tinio wna that it might deliiy tho cuistruction of publio ?works. Evoryouo ir.«!.t vceoyiiiso tlio onor mcun ninouut of wo!']; thnli 1mb fallen on tho uhouldora ct' Ministora, In tho vnpidly oslond iiitf dovolopmenfc of tho colony j and. it ia alii^oat inipoosiblo that tho Miuiators emi jvivo that full cousWoravion to tho mattorn which whoiild be; conaiflorocT boforo public works tiro mulorlnlien. if such a coiumiLtco woro npp'ointed here, na haa boon dono in other colonies, and if proposed works woro roforrod 'to tho coininiltco for carefuj considevution, vfrbm ono ,uud to tho other, 1.1k*:1 (*tt-|uiry miyht Atln'ow' flomo li&ht; omnaUcra which, under tho present1 usual litres* of busiuoufl,' Minigloro aro . ? uot'alilo to conaidor thoroughly, Wo all know that Miuisloro n*o iu a great dtgrco bound-to tako. tho advico of their oillcovs j and if 'thoso offlcoiM advise that n.particulnr work cannot bo dono, Miuisl'ord'liavotq yivo way,' . ov conorally do so, I think wo had nn inslanco 'of thn-t n, fcw- civeuiugs ago, when I understood tho Proniior,to'by\lhnt ono officer of tho YfarKs Pci?ftvtui,9]Q rtliad' informed hiu» that ik wiiuldbbimpoasiblo to niako a road thtough tho Park on Mount Elizn, if tho contractor waa to bo allowed to cart over tho road tho material roqu ired for nuaking it. Tjib l'ni3MiKK (Mon., Sir J. Forront) ?, Tho officer Raid it would bo imp'osaiblo to niako a good road in that manner, ?.i.Mb.1 HAKPKRV But ic roforonoo to noarly all tho roads in tlii) colony, nil contracts lot by '.Roads Ilonrdu do spocit'y that t1\\* contractor in each caao must curb tho niatorials over tho par .ticular ronda for tho purposo of uongolidating thorn, In practical life, it ia quito pusiblo to mako roadH to carry very heavy traffic, in a manner whioh this officer of tho Works Do ' partmemt saya cannot bo dono. Thoro aro ninny' wnya in which hucIi a comu\ittoo would bo of Borvico to tho Govorninont of tho dny i and it would also bo a bullor botweon thorn and tho pcoplo who may bo dia]niting about tho rival routo3lor a railway. , Tho Ministry of tho day would ;bo able- to say they had in depondont roporia on,tho particular work that wa3 dosirod, and would thua bo able, in a groat dogroo, to throw tho responsibility for tho Gcloction of a particular routo on ohouldora othor than their own. ' Tiio cominitteo would also, at timna, bo of aomo norvico to tho Worka Department ilnjlf,, as.' tho dopivrtmont might tlm.3 fjot tho viow.3 of practical poraona which, might not olhcrwiso bo1 obtained,' Nu, CIicqkok : Tho dopartmont won't pny any attention to them. ' ' Mn.;TlAKPKR : With regard' to building alao, I am siiro that a fjood.mauy pooplo thinlc that, in como' of our publio buildings, utility ia co!)iolim6fi Baorifloocl to nypoarauco j aiid I havo ;a crtsd patticu'hirly in' my mind, of a hospital building at Newcastle, which was doaijjaod in tho Public Works 'Uopartmont, but which could not bd'uaotl for acouplo of yoara nftor it wiiB built, Whether it wag ' 'becauso tho out. '?oido'of tho hospital waa cousidorod of moro im portanco than tho interior avratijjpm'onta I do not know, but tho building was considorod unfits habitation' no a hospital until somo ' considornblo aUeriitioiis ' woio nindo, .For thoso reaaono, aiid for many ot'hora whioh will cecur to hou, membors, 1 hoprt this Houso will aco opt what has boon, tried, I boliovo naUgfautorily, in ofchor colonies, Tun Puranuii: In what colony I Mb. II AMU i in Now South Walaa par. ticularly, Titu PiiEHiDtt : That ia ouly for railways, I think. ' ' ' ' ?Mb. HARPER: ,1 now movo tho motion standing in my name. Thn PJ1KM.I.D1U (lion. Sir J. Forrwt) 1 1 am' aorry at all timoa to. opposo any motion that tho hon. mombor brings forward, . booauso I rocogniao mest fully that hin objoct aud dosiro ia to ouconrag'o oconomy and good Govorn« moiit i but I really thinlc thia plan, if put into operation, would nob bo found to bo ofllolout. ?I- am awaro that thoro ia in Now South Wales a Publio Worka Committoo— conipoaodl think ?of members of both Hoiisos— whioh roporta upon projected railways. That body has boon in existence- some- yaws, and, aa far'as I am awaro, it ha-j worked fairly woll. I3ut it Booms to mo tho principle strikes at tho vory foundation ofjjwlmt wo town Eooponsjlblo Qovorninont. It is a sort of buffor \uidor which tho Miniatry of : tlio day eati alifold thoiiiaolvoa from roo^onsl bility, And, after all, r uslc hon. liiombora whether they think tho' time haa arrivod— in . thai colony, at any rato—whoii wo roqulro such n buffer .botwoou ,tho Government and. tho Lotfialaturo. Wo are fortuimto in having, in thio. colony, aa roprosontntivoa of tho pooplo, gontlomon who'aro cognisant of, tho affairs and wants of tho colony in its sovoral parts—who havo poiwual knowledge in a groat many in stahoos, of all parts of tho colony; and I think thoso voprosontatives' aro us compotnnt to giv6 an opinion, and to judgo as to tho nooesaity of n ivy' publio work that may ' bo' proposod, as would be any committoo that this Houao and nnothor llouso would bo Iiko3y to appoint After all, this kind of enquiry would bo ouly an intermediary stage, for tho roport of thia cominitteo would havo to bo submitted to tho Lisgislaturo-fov approval or decision upon it, and tho roault of such proooduro would bo delay, If you want to dolay any par ticular publio worka, of course- that can bo ' effected by appointing a lot of coin initicea and imwponslbio bodies j becauao that is what thoy aic~-thoy aro rcsponsihlo to no one, ivud j-o^i can do nothing to thorn whim oneo appbinted, nor can you llmwt: theuout of oltlco, osico^t by hot i'o-iippointing them in tho next sucoo'ocliug sossiou of Piirlia monti, This plan of 'a' publio oommiltoo ro minds mo of tho old Finance Comuiittoo which was iu oxiatonco somo years ngo j and, looking back on that tlmo— [Mn, II,' F, Snoiiii i A vory useful body.]— Isny no mort)1 obstruotlvo in stitution was cvor invented for hamporingany Govormneut. [Mb, K. R-Siioll i Whoso tooa diiiit troadon P] Ib trood on, tho tooa of. pro gross iu this country. I havo oomo l;»owlodgo of it, mid, without wishing to spoak diarospoot fully of its members, who woro all mon of ro. jnito and position iuthe country, I any tlmt for Government to havo to go cap-in-hand to any irrosponsiblo body of men and ask them, ' Will you bo Rood ouough to allow us to spoiid a hundred pouiula in building a Court-house or ii road through tho. country, booauao our yoto ia exhnuatod ?' — if that io Eospo;ialblo Government, then I do not wish to soo suoh Kcspoiiniblo Ciovv.rnmont, No moro humiliat ing position could bo invon tod than tho posi tion of a Uovorumont wishing to apond money for purposes which thoy considorod nocoasary for tho dovolopmont andprogress of tho colony and yot having to go to a body of mon and ask their permission boforo tho monoy could bo tipont on necoasary works. Iain glad to say nil that system haa boon nwept away under tho now Constitution) and that tho Govorn inonfc of tho day havo tho right to tulco on thomsolvo3 tho duty of doing what thoy oou aider aeeoagary in tho interests of tho country, aud that thia llouso lma tho right of nay ing whether thoy npprovo or not of tho actions of tho Government. I had somothing to do with tho oklFhiauco Committoo, and I ' romombor they u.nod to call mo up boforo thorn and examine mo aa if 1 woio somo defaulter j and cjucstion mo ua to oxpondituro ns if f had somo personal interest in it, nnd as il! I woro going to tako nu improper advantage iu somo way. I had iv great deal of trouble in gotting that committoo to consent to tho building of a telegraph lino, All I can Hay is that it wa3 not Pvosponsiblo Qovorninont, nnd I do not wnnt to sea «ny moro of tlmt ayotom in thia colony. I cannot undorutund what tho lion, mombor ia driving at, in thia motion Doos ho moan that ovory proposod publio WWk 13 lo bo SUblllittwl. to -J-« 'vtnuiiif.fAA boforo it. is undortakon, or boforo tho amount for tho work ia placod on, tho Annual Estimates? Doog ho moan that tho Govorn montmusliusk tho committoo whothov thoy approve of the plan imd tho site of n proposod building, nud whothov thoyapproyo of tho, particular work being carriod out or not P Is it to bo boforo tho Kstlmatoa aro framed, or nftor tho Estimates nro framod, that tho committee- is to oxamiuo into tho proposod work, If it is to bo beforo tho EstlmatoB aro framod, then tho committoo had bottor tako ovor the framing oE tho lilstimatos. If it io to ho aftor tho Estimates aro framed, thon tho committoo had bottor tako ovor tho manage ment of tho work, In oithot1 caso, I do not know whoro tho responsibility of tho Govorn mont is to como in. Tho committoo might think that n particular olasa of building should bo orootoil somowhoro olso, or that tho class of building proposod by tlio Qovorninont would nob suit tho particular purpose. I do not thinlc you will find, any Govormnont willing to oarry on, in ihi3 oolony, undor thoso conditions. Tho hoory of our 'constitutional Bystom is that tho Government aro rosponaiblo to tho country aud to Parliament for ovory thing thoy do j and tho Government cimnot shield thomsolvos behind a committoo. In regard to tho Publio Works Committoo in Now South Wales, I cannot say whether it carrios out its funotions woll or .notj but wo nuiat romombor that, whon.tho committoo systom was introduced into that colony, thoir main linos of railway had booh constructed, and tho oommittoo had to doal only with tho proposals for branch linos. I say in regard to this motion, as I said in rogard to tho question whon it was raisod in tho session of 1801 in tho obhor llouso, that it is too oarly for us in thiR colony to embark on those novol ideas, I think thia Houso will bowisoifit holds thoGovornmontrospousiblo, individually and collootively, for all expenditure, and thon tho House will know whom to look to, and whom to chargo with any misdeeds, and will not havo to go looking about for irrosponslblo cominittoou or porsons who, though thoy may bo elected by this Houho, will cortainly not bo regarded as rosponsiblo for publio works iu tho way that Ministoro aro rogarded hb rosponsiblo, Mu, ILLINGWOBTH i I think tho objoot sought to bo gainod by tho hon, mombor for Bovorloy is an oxcollont ono. 1 just dosiro to oxproos tho conviction that so far as a smaller oommitteo such ns ho suggests whioh oxists in Victoria is ooncornod, it had its origin through tho manifold applications for all sorts of rai1. ways'inall parts of tho oolony, These railways woro ostlmatod to cost 456,000,000, or 40,000,000, and aa tho Govormnout of tho day had only : JJ1, 000,000 at thoir dlopoaal for railways, tho Committoo was appointod to dooido whioh of tho railways applied for woro worthy of,tho amount votod boRig oxpondod upon thorn. That , committoo thoreforo wot oroatod undor vory i difforont oircuniGtances to thoso provniliug in ' this colony at prosent. I do not uupposo Pari liamont will voto monoy for railways without having somo idea of tho work thoy propoio to do, or voto moneys for any publio work without having a oloar idea of what thoy moan to do Consoquontly tho illustration of tho othor( colonies ia not on all fours, Tho, committoo in Now South Waloa hud its origin In a similar way. I do not thinlc it is donirablo to tako thoso roaponeibilifcioa away- from a email Houbo llko this. Tho idea may work vory woll iu a largo oountry liko England, or ovon Now South Wales in which colony thoy havo 182 momboru, bub iu a Parliament of thia siao it would bo advancing too fast to olcot a Committoo of this kind. If tho proposnl had como , furthov on in our history, I would bo disposod to support it, bocauso if our circumstances woro tho saino as thoso of tho othor colonios, tho committoo would bo most effective and doslrablo, I think if tho hon. mombor for Bovorloy consults tho interests of his own mon of tho question ho will defer, it. Tho Govornmout ought to bo capable of dirootiug all tho publio works wo aro likoly to launch out in for somo yoars t oomc, aud tho Jlouoo should bo ablo to ohpol: tho Govormnont in spending monoy for thorn, Tho practico of roforing thoao mattors to Oom ra batons in not a good ono for I novor know a Comiiiissiou yot that did any good service and thoir work is only of a whitewashing charao tor, If thia llouso is not capablo of Bponding , . tho monoy o? tho pooplo properly tho soouor ;mothor ia Bubstitutod for it tho bottor. To appoint a committeo at ouy prosont etago would bo to vofloct upon tho Colony itsolf, although at a future time, when tho conditions aro difi'orout I would bo disposed to support a similar proposal tvt it would bo usoful to \\\a, At present it would not be. Thoroforo I shall voto against the motion. Mr, B. P. S1IOLL i I boliovo Publio Works Committeoa havo boon appointod both in Vio toria and Now South Walos, and I think thoir duties aro to colloot by ovidoucoi information on proposod public works for tho bouoflt of Par linmout, boforo auy work is undortakon, Thoy obtain roliablo information whioh pi noes mom bets in a bottor position to clocido whothov tho work Rhould bo dono or not. Had that boon dono boforo tho Yilgarn railway waa con structed, no doubt tho oommitteo would havo rceommondod tlmt tho lino should start from York and tho colony would havo boon saved thousands of pounds. An Hon. Mkmdwb i How P v Mn, K, F. BHOIJjs Booauso tho lino would havo traversed bottor oountry and would not havo cost so much, Tiih PuitMiun (Hon. Sir J, Forrost) i Whoro would thoy havo got tho information from P Mb. ft. V, SHOLL s Thoy could have oallod ovidonco. Tiiti Premikr (Hon, Sir, J, Forrost) i Tho Q o vornmont cannot got tho information. Mr. R.'F. SHOLL ! Again such a committoo could gather information regarding tho pro posod railways in tho South fov tho bonoflt of Parliament, and I guarantco that whon thoso works come boforo us for consideration wo shall havo us littlo information as wo had on tho last occasion whon wo discussed thorn, Tho old Fiuanco Committoo, worked admirably, No Government could thon spend monoy without tho Bimotion of Parliamont, I quito understand the disliko of thoGovornwont— our proaonb Govormnont at any rato, to suoh a body, when thoy would bo provontod from giving sops to difforont districts whothov it waa in tho intoroats of tho country to givo them or not. I do not know whothor tho Pro. mior had much to do with that committoo.' In , thoso dayn ho was in a vory difforont position and had nothing to do with tho Yilgavn rail way oxt'OptjserhaBa to nnxyyp the land, '' Tiih Premier (Hon, Sir J, Forrest) \ Igavo OTidonco, _ Mn. B, F. SIIOLLi I thinfc, howovor, tho Flnanco Committoo io beeido tho quoation boforo us. Tho eoonor wo oloot a Publio Works Commit too tho bottor, and I think tho mouj bora would havotobo ronmuoratcd for thoir Borvices, I shall support tbo motion. Mr. GEOEGE i I shall not support tho motion becauso no particular good can be dorivod from Buoh a committeo. I would »Bk the hon. mombor for Bovorley to ask himself how far tho motion is to go. Ho Bays that all projootod publio works are to be reported upon by a committeo. Does ho moan works of ft major or a minor oharaotov from tho building of a railway to tho making of n drain P I tako it, that if tlio motion, woro carriod, thoGovern. mont could do nothing but resign- at once oa tho committoo would bo froo from Ministerial control, I tako it also that tho committee should consist of indopondont men. Mn. Ilunqwobtiii Another want of confl donee motion, , Mn. GEOKGE t I think It ia, and I am auv. priaod tho Government havo not takon it as such. Mn, MonANr Tho Opposition aro voting with tho Govornmont, Mn. GEORGE i /Wo havo confidence in tho Government in nomo things, if not in all. I think wo ought to havo a Financo Oommittoo as its operations would havo savod for instanco tho weary debate on tho»Exoosa. Bill. By ap pointing tho oommittoo proposad by tho ii otion, I think a groat many uocosaary publio works will bo dolnyod, a olroumstanco whioh would do incaloulablo harm to tho colony. If such a 03 mmittoo woro formed, it- Bhould consist of praotical mon (tod oxporto, and wo cannot form suoh a body from tho raombors of tluV House- to doal with tho complex queo tlons that would ariso. I nm cortain tho Hon. : the Dlroctov of Publio Works would almost quako in his shoos if ho liad to go boforo them, Mn. IijLincjworth i Ho never quakes. Mn. GEORGE : I am afraid ho would if ho had to go boforo a committeo of praotical mon bocauso ho might bo aakoclquoationa whioh ho would not bo ablo to ovado. Thon tho En gineor-in.Chlof .' tho Alpha and Omega of Publio Works ia not likoly to aubmit to bo oroBa.quoationod by tho Committoo, if it were composed of layniou. Thia question is not ono upon which' wo can oust tho Govommont. Wo oan try to do so on tho Education Quoation but not on a trivial motion liko this. I hope tho hon. mombor, tnoroforo, will withdraw it, as I am quito cortain ho doos not witm to haraiBs tho Govornmont! If it wero carriod tho Hon, tho Dlrootov of Publio Works should ! resign 'and I am qu}to certain hon, membere would notliko to soo him do that. Mr, P1ESSE i Tho hon, inombor for Bovorloy is no doubt prompted by agood object in mov ing thia resolution. Tho Hon. tho Premior'a question ns to what tho mover was driving1 at can bo auaworod in this way. If a committee had boon appointod to furnish information to tho Govornmont boforo publio buildings, for instanco, wero oroetod, no doubt tho people would havo boon provided with, -hotter build ings. I quito agreo at tho samo time, that wo cannot tako tho matter out of tho hands of tho Government, and'iif wo cannot trust thani to carry on the publio works of tho colony proper ly, wo must oxpresB our want of ponfldonco in theummlway. I think tho Govornmont Bhould woll consider tho offoot of the motion if it wore carriod, and endoavor to remedy tho dofocts pointed out by tho hon. moraber for Bovorley with regard to tho doBigns forpubllo buildinga. Tho hospital at Nowcaatlo, tho dosigno for which woro proparod by tho Publio Worka Dopartmont, haa boon built pioceinoal as many othov buildings has boon. Tho lion, mombor for Bovorloy also referred to othor instances whoro hoavy oxpoudituro haa beon inourrod in orocting Binall buildings, and also to tho proposod road through Forth' Park j no doubt tho designs for tho latter work will provide a lasting thoroughfare; still -\ suoh oxponsivo works aro far boyond tho requirements of this oolony at prosont. ,Wo ahould study oconomy moro than wo have doiio and reform tho Bystom of designing publio buildjnga and rcduco rookloES expenditure. In oomo plaooa small buildings have, I think, coat A'000 or £700 Tiiioro they could havo boon oreotcd for JiiQQ, I do not ngroo with tho motion altogothorJ but I certainly think something should be done to prevent a ropotition of tho mistakos made in dosignlng publio buildinga in different parts of tho oolony, for I think those who have soon Bomo of tho buildinga, nuut admit that thoro waB some fault in tho doeigus. Mr, MARMIONi Most of the spoakorfl soom to bo, under a misapprolionBion in rogard to tho committoo. Ono hon. ' membor would loud tho House to boliovo that it should coiiBiBtof architects, onginoors and scientific men, who would look Into tho designs of ovory publio building, no mutter with what oaro thoy might bo orooted.and that further the com mitteo would adviso upon tho character of any railways whioh might bo conatruoted, ? If the' committeo woro appointod, it aooras to me, thoy would adviso as to tho necessity of publio works rathor than aa to thoir oharaotor. That is tho purposo for which these committoea havo boon appointod in tho othor colonies. I quite agroo with tho Hon, tho Premier and the hon, mombor for Nanniuo that the tlmo haa not arrivod fo,r a coramittoo of thia description. Parliament is quito capablo of doaling with any publio works that may bo introduced by thiB or any other Government, in this or in future yoara. Wo aro all well acquainted with tho requirements of tho colony j and I am per fectly certain that any Soloot Committeo ap pointed by this Houso would bo ad fully cap. ablo of doaling with any quostlon, oithor of building of of constructing— evon tho construe^ tion or a railway— as would bo a committoo which, it is proposed, shall bo froo from Minis terial control. In ordor, to bo free from Ministerial oontrol tho committed would havo to consist of mombors of tho existing opposition but it could not bo composed of any mombors in oithor House because they aro all movo or losBamonablolio Ministerial authority. Thoro foro it will consist of gontlomon not in Parlia lr.oas. Ab to tho complaint concerning designs of Pivrliamont, if tho Govornraont architects ? fail, thoy can easily bo roplaood by bringing' prossuro to bear upon tho Govornraont of tho day. I do not think tho time is ripo for the appolntmout of this committeo and will thoro. foro not support the resolution, The DIRECTOR 'OF PUBLIO WORKS (Hon, H, W. Vonn) i ThoPromior haatouohod on tho prlnoiplo underlying tho resolution ; and I would jUcojosjpoaiyn jofiard Jto,tho ao- ., cusationa whioh tho hon. mombor for tho Wil liams (Mr. Pioaao)inado against tho Public WorkB Dopartmont. I think hia zeal ran away with hia diaorotion, and I dofy him to cite any publio building, and I do not oxcopt any con structed by this Govommont, that could havo boon dono ohoapor than it roally coat, bo cause all work ia let uudor contract and tho lowest tondor ia accepted. Tho fault lios with hon. uiombers themselves, in adopting a ohooso.paring policy whon tho Estimates are undor discussion, bo as to have orooted in thoir own particular districts, buildings for ifiCOO, whioh coat JB1.000. Tho rosult ia that tho oatimate ia always oxcoodod, Evon thon thoy arc only partially built and havo toboflnishod piecemeal as tho hon, member haa Btatod, That is what oeourrod at Noweastlo cvor tho building of tho Hospital j but tho hon! mom bor will have no fault whatever to find with it now. Tho monoy votod for tho work origin ally did not go far onough, and tho profos alonal gontlomon would not go in until an operating room, a doad house, and other out buildings woro orooted. I think tho hon. mombor for WilliamB had in hia mind whon he apoko, too Poat Oflloea which woro built on tho Southern lino. , - An Hon. Mhmder i What did they coat P Tub Premier (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) ! About 41,000. Tiih DIRECTOR OF PUBLIO WORKS (Hon H. W. Venn) i It waa found that with the monoy votod, it waa impossible to provido tho nocoasary accommodation. Tho Govorn mont could have orecWd wooden buildings of four rooms and a verandah, but'lt ia their duty to put up substantial odiEcos and thoro is no building orooted by tho Government which is not subatantial and whioh doos notprovidotho accommodation required. Mn, Gborqu : What about your own offices P Tub DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC WORKS (Hon, H. W. Vonn) i You haVo not givon us monoy onough to do that work properly, but tho House will bo aakod to vote a largo sum to extend them, It ia unfair. -to attack the' Govornmont archltoot, aa ho is ono of the beat in tho oolonioa, Tho hon, mombor for Albany laughs, bub only a short limo ago ho complimented mo upon tho design of the post office at Albany, Tho appointment - of tho suggested committeo could not improve tho designs of publio buildings) but if tho oflloiul ovor fails to givo satisfaction, tho Government can got anothor man. Tho Government havo to bo guided in tho matter by their profos siorial advisors in whom thoy havo every confidence. Tho buildings conBtruotod so far havo been on the wholo satisfactory. I fool euro hon. membors will see that the proposal of tho hon, mombor for Bovorloy ia promatnre. Mr. LEAKE : I am vory glad that tho hon. mombor. for Boyerloy lias brought thia matter forward, and if lie is not successful in carrying his motion, tho ventilation of the subjoot in oonsequonco of tho motion having boon tabled will do a groat deal of good. Tho objcot of tho hon. member was not, I tako it, to merely havo a fling at tho Publio Worka Dopartmont, but rathor to bring boforo this House and tho country generally tho gonoral' administration with rogard to tho public works of the colony, aud.'if possiblo, to suggest that thoro could bo soino improvomont iu existing mothode. I do not think tho hon. mombor who has tho con trol of tho Public Works Dopartmont will say that no mistakos havo boon made, I boliovo it is a fact, although I do not speak from ins own knowlodge, but I am informod that atone . place a post offlco war built, and there was actually no lottor-box provided. ' I do not know if this is a faot, but I am informod that it Is. ' ? : . The PiiEMiEit (Hon. .Sir J. Forroat) i Whoro iathoplaoaj1 , Mr, LEAKE: I am also informed that in another place thoro aro all sorts of complaints aa to tho position of tho letter boxoa, tho tolo graph rooms, and so on. What I rogard as boiug tho most valuable point in tho sugges tion ia, that it draws tho attention of hon. , mombors to tho faot that tho tlmo is approach ing whon thia Houso will havo to seriously consider, not merely tho quoation of construct ing publio works, but of tho railways, and to dooido whothor or not the railways of tho colony should be mauagod undor tho control of a Board of Railway Commissioners, such as exist in tho othor colonios. I do not notico whothor tho hon, mombor considers whothor tho wording of hia resolution will embraco this, but aB tho hon. mombor did not refer to this branch of tho subjoot, it is probable that ho does not intend tho resolution to ombraco the question of railways, The idea of tho hon. member appears to bo that there should bo somo moro proper control over tho adminis tration of tho Publio Works Department, and thoro is no doubt we havo heard several com plaints, not only during tho recess, but also ? sluco Parliament mot. Ib did not appear to mo that tho hon. mombor dosirod to unnocoaaarily tio the hands of any Minister, but that ho had really brought this subject forward in a spirit of fair criticism and with a dosiro to assist and promote tho boat interests of tho country. It cannot bo said of tho hon. member for Bovorloy, as it would most un doubtedly bo said of mo, that ho is moved to this resolution out of ' a spirit of factious opposition. I do not think there is really, vory much matter for consideration in tho rosolu tion at tho present time, and at the same timo , I regrot that thoro doos not appear to bo much possibility of tho hon. mombor being ablo to carry his motion in proper form. If it is not forced to a division I sincerely trust the hon, member will not allow tho subjoet to drop, but that ho will direct hia furthor attention to tho work of tho Works' Department. It is stated that tho Civil Service Commission waa doing1 this at tho prosont timo, but so far that body appears to have made auoh littlo pro gress that it is not in a position to onllghton us at tho prosont timo, If it ia found in the futuro that any board of advice will bo necessary it will, of oourso, bo most advisable for it to bo placod beyond Ministerial control, but then cornea tho quoation whothor tho mombors of this Board should or should not bo paid. If anything is dono now it will only amount to a matter of affirming n prlnoiplo, and aftor the discussion that has takon placo I have no doubt tho hon. mombor will not see fit to press it. ' At tho samo timo I think tho matter is ono of such importance that I would press thoso hon. tuombors who tako an intorost in thin quoation, and who have a praotical knowlodgo of What ia nocossary to ventilate tho Bubjoot now that it is before tho House, and givo othor hon, numbers tho bonoflt of thia ]mowlodao» '* ' ' 1 '1 ' ' ' Tjib COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. R. Richardson) : In jastico to tho hon. mombor for Bovorloy, I would, liko to say, Mr. Speaker, that in my opinion he has boon totally misunderstood by boiuo hon. mombors who havo addreasod tho Houso. Tho intention of tho hon. mombor is not,* I belio/o, to oonsuro tho Public Works' Dopurtmont, or to seek to control ito Administration, or to control tlio acts of tho Govorn mont in any way whatever. Ilia idea appears to mo to bo that wo should havo a committeo of advioo, with more extended scopo than that given to an ordinary Solect Committee. A committeo, formod on tho lines suggested by tho hon, member, could bo made of groat assistance to a Govornmont. It could bo composed cf mon who havo not only a prac tical knowledge, but oxtenBive local kuowledgo aa woll, and who would bo ablo to aoo into projootod works and bring to bear considerable Information with a viow of ascertaining whother works weroaotually required, whether if tt waa in- the case of railways they would pay, and what would bo tho proper route for the line's to tako. Thove aro really vory fow hon. members indeed who are in a position to give all the looal knowledge that may bo required to euablo Parliament to form a proper opinion. It is clearly not tho dosiro of tho hon. member that thia Committeo should in any way control the Government, but aftor tho Govornraont brings, down a list of publio works it would be for this Com mittoo to. sny whothor they woro nocossary. If tho Committee found that certain works in such a list' woro not nocossary thoy would report so, and I do not think it would over be regardodas a vote of want of confidence in the Govornmont if tho Cominitteo made an advorso roport concerning any of tho works proposod. Aa to whothor the time has arrived when wo should havo auoh a Committee in thia colony, I am ontlroly in accord with tho othor hou. -mombors. who boliove that it would bo a premature Btop to take in our history. Tho present Parliamont, itniUBtbo recollected, is a small ono, and it is composed of practical mon with a vory largo knowledge of tho country and of Its requirements. Members of the present Parliamont have possibly a greater individual knowledge of tho requirements of the country than will bo possessed by members in future years, when thoro is a greater number of members, and whon tho country itsolf is much greater than it is to-day. It will bo under theso circumstances that there will bo aomo ohanco of political jobs being' porpetrated, It is not possiblo now, when tho Houbo is in its present state, and whon the members are in the position through their practical and local know ledge, of boing able to exorcise intolli gont criticism. This may not be the case in future years when the country and its in terests aro botli of a moro diverse character. The timo for a committee, such aa haa been suggested, has not yot come. The fact that suoh committee have beon found necessary in othor. colonios is to be Been in their being called into existence at all, and the furthor fact that they must bo doing good work is proved by the circumstance that if it were not bo these committees would soon have hod an 1 ond put to thoir existenco. Tho circumstances aro vory different hero -to what thoy are in tho othor colon iea, and at prosent Parliament k quite capable of preventing any publio works bolng carried out to suit somo political motive or to sorvo somo political party, or to please somo particular constituents, I hope ib will bo a long timo beforo thoro is an alteration in this state of affairs horo, and that tho day is far distant whon party pcHt :al considerations will have any offect in determining tho publio works policy of a Government, . Still, when it doos como thon will bo tho proper time to con sider tho question of appointing a committeo similar to that suggested by the hon. mem bor, .,???''? Mr, SOLOMON i I do not think the time has ?arrived when it is advisable that wo should placo'tho control of tho Government in the hands of a cymmittee of the kind suggested by tho hon. member who has movod this motion, If tho Govornmont is not capable of carrying out tho public works themselves, then thoy should not bo capablo of appointing ad visors to do it for thorn, What I fail to see is where tho responsibility will rest if such a committoo is appointod, Aro we also to look merely to a Board tp give this Houso neces sary information instead of gotting it from tho Govornmont P To my mind this Parlia mont is quito capablo of judging, when any publio works are brought boforo them, as to whothor ' thoy are required or whethor it is necessary that such works should bo porformed. With regard to tho remarks mado on th'is subject by tho Hon. tho Director of Public Works, I cannot sny that all tho buildinga that have boon erected havo boon of a most substantial nature There is ono building I particularly desire to rofor to, and to whioh my attention has been drawn. There is a schoolroom at Rookingham, I am informed that it is only a small building some thing liko Uffc, by 20ft, j but it has been placed there without the slightpst convenience for tho schoolmaster. It is reported that the rain comes in through tho roof like a sieve, n-nd tho ohimney-pot is actually only on a lovol with the roof, and that it ia absolutely impossible to carry on tho school. Thia may only bo a Bmall matter, but still it requires aomo attention boing called to it, nnd I trust tho Director of Publio Works will look into the complaint. References havo boen made to tho work of tho Civil Service, Commission. Woll, I have to inform tho House ttat tho Commission is at prosont conducting a most systematic and searching enquiry into both the Railways and Works Departments, and I fool suro that whon the Commission comes to prosont its roport tho mombors of . this House, as well as the members of tho Commission, will fed perfeotly satisfiod that tho timo and troublo taken over the work havo not, by any moans beon wasted. Mr. HARPER : I would just liko to say one or two words. The strongth of tho opposition to my motion* appoar to bo in tho contention that such a Committeo as I propose is not re quired at tho present time. I must say t'hat I was a little surprised at tho line takon up by tho hon. mombor for Nannine. Ho usually placos his viows boforo us with such oloarnoss and prooiBlon that I cannot understand tho opposito attitude ho assumoB now. Ho has told thio Houso that the reason for such a Committoo boing called into ©xia tonce iu Victoria was that it was roquirod to .doal with a numbor of projected works of o, political character, but that was not so. 'Iho reason the Committee was appointod in Victoria was that a great doal of work had beon improperly dono, and it was found necessary to havo a Committoo to prevent this being continued. With an over flowing Treasury, there is likoly to bo a great rush for theso works in this colony, and it wa. having this » viow that led me to raako the proposition for tho appointment of a Committoo before instead of aftor the work* were carried out. I am afraid that hon, membora will finda mistnkehas been mado in not considering this matter now. However I beg leave to withdraw my motion. The motion was thereupon, by loavo of th« ' Houao, withdrawn. . LICENSED SURVEYORS BILL Bill read a third time, and ordered to b* transmitted to the Legislative Council. LOAN ACT 1891-.RE.APPROPRIATION , BILL, , : SECOND HEADINO, The PREMIER (Hon. sir J, Forrest), I rise, to move the second reading of this Bill Plain o the Houso the reasons for it bel brought forward. In tbo Loan Act of 1891, « Bum of ^25,000 was provided for harbor wo k at Goraldton nnd for a ncv jotty. In the arrangements for tho construction of the Mullowa railway, only JJloo.000 was voted und no provision was made for the necessari worlHi on the shore end of tho jetty Bo that it could bo connected with tho railway. It waa: l then arranged that tho sum of ,811,000 should ' bo appropriated from tho vote for tho harbor jvorks, and it was expended on the construc tion of the buildings, the station yard, and tho' ' necessary works about the jetty ro- ; quired for the railway. Upon .that under standing the Government has worked from the time tho Act of 1891 became law 2?Jn!K ?i th0 prO8Ont timo' mi about *U,000 had beon spent on tho jetty itself. To Bhow hon. members that it waa the intention of tho Government all through to ' cany out heso works to their full extent, I make men. tion of the fact that in tho Loan Act of 1894 there waa provided a sum of .610,000 for ox tending tho harbor and jetty, although at that time wo had 411,000 or 412,000 in hand out of the vote of 4250,000 provided in tho Loan Act of 1891. When, however, the Mullewa Rail way was comploted the Publio Works Depart ment desired to obtain the amount that had boon appropriated from the vote for harbor works, In this thoy were blocked by the Audltor-Goneral, who was unablo to authorise the work on shore being paid for out of tho ' other vote, and hence it is necessary for tho Government to come to tho Houso and ask for a ro-appropriation of tho money, I do not think anyone can object' to the Bill, because the Government has no desire whatever ex cepting to replaco tko amount it was found necessary to appropriate out of the voto for the Goraldton Jetty. The intention of the Government and tho boliof under which wo havo acted is perfectly clear all through, The only roaaon tho Houso is naked to approve of thia Bill is to remove any doubts in tho mind of tho Auditor-Gonoral that this Bum of 411,000 can bo legally charged to the . . works on the jetty. I hope hon. mombors will not object to this Bill, and I would especially ask tho hon. member for Goraldton not to oppose it. The Government is acting in a por. footly hona fide way, and' has always reserved the 411,000 for the purposes stated, in addition to tho vote of 410,000 in the Loan Act of 1694, The Bill morely enables tho amount already spout on works to be properly charged against the vote for tho jetty works. At, present it stands as an advanco, and beforo it can bo charged to tho proper account it is necessary tor tho House to pass the Bill. Tho second reading was agreed to without discussion. The Bill was committed, pnssed without amendment, reported to tho House, and the third reading made an Order of the Day foi ' the following day, ? MUNICIPAL INSTITUTIONS BILL, ' IN COMMITTEE, - , Mn. JAMES' amendment :— ' Whore any ',' occupier is roquirod by tho Counoil ' to oi ' does pay any rate or instalment of a rato ' due or payable, or of which any portion id 'due or payable in respect of the prcmisea ' occupied by him for auy poriod prior to the 'date whon such occupier took possession of 'the said promises, such occupier shall be ' entitled to and may forthwith require and ' ' sue for payment of and from tho landlord of ' the said premises of tho rate or portion of ' rate so due or payablo, togother with all 'expenses, payment of whioh hai boon required ' from, made by, or is enforceable against such ' occupier,' put and negatived on tho following divisions Noes ... ,,| ,„ ,,l I.. 18 Ayos ... ,., „. ,„ ,,,8 ?''???? Majority against m ,,, 10 ° . Aves! Noes. Mr. Go rgo Mr. Burfc ? ' Mr, Illingwortfv Mr. Olarbon Mr, James Mr, Connor ' Mr.Lciike . Sir John Forrest Mr, Moran . Mr. A. ForreBt Mr. Randoll Mr. Hftusoll Mr. Wood Mr. Lefroy ? Mr. Simpson (Teller.) Mr. Loton Mr; MBimion Mr, Phillips Mr. I'iesse Mr. Richardson '!' Mr. II. W. Sholl Mr. Solomon Sir. J. G. Leo Stoa. Mr. rl hiosecll Mr. Venn' lSt.n.V.Bho\l(Teller. Preamblo and short title ?, Agroed to, Tho Bill was reported with amendments, DEPOSITING STONE IN IUVER AT.ROOKV rfAY. CONSIDERATION OP LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL'S. ' MESSAGE No. 1, IN COMMITTJSB. The PREMIER (Hon. SlrJ. Forrest) t , move that tho mossago from tho Legislate Counoil bo taken into consideration, but I sn( ? at once, that I am not in accord with th( opinions expressed by tho Legislative Council ' That it is closirablo that no more sfcouoc saud, or rubbish, be thrown into tho rivor a£ Rocky Buy by tho Govorninont.' If it wero a- all practicable, I am Buro T should not dosir« and I beliovo hon. mombors generally woul( not dosiro to throw any stones or rubbishy whatovor into tho rivor. Bub wo htvyo oai barkod upon groat works at Tromautlo, and part of tiio project for 'carry ing out thoso vorkoia, to obtain tho stono from Rocky Bay. No doubt whon hon. moinbors go down them,' they, will regret to aoo, what waa ouco a picturesque spot, nmdo to wear so utilitarian . an appoaranci*. All tho picturesquonooa ia a thing of tho past, and tho ? ap pearanco at . Rocky Uay, with which ?wo woro so ploascd yearn ago, has all boon . destroyed, Nothing can now bring back tho ?bounty that oxistod thveo yoara ngo. Tho ^only quostion to bo considered now id, whether throwing rofuso into tho rivor ia really doing ? any groat damage to tho river? It sooma,, to mo it is all a matter of cost j bocauco if wo do Jiot mind tho coat it will bo easy to carry tho vofuso somowhoro olso, rather than throw it into. tho rivor. Ihavohadtho matter under consideration, and havo had reports from tho Engiuoor-in-Chiof, who infqrma mo that to bogin and carry out a now sohomo, or to mako \- now arrangements with rogard to tho remov ing of tho rof uao, will involve a very largo oxpondituro of monoy. Tlio proportion ia four to ono, Four tons of rubbish and sand , liavo to bo romovod to ono ton of stono. I am informed it would moiui very great exponso, and cousidorablo dolay, It wonld roquiro, I boliovo, five or six times no many trucks, as are now boing usod. I think tho Engineor in-Chiof said it would requiro 2G0 extra trucks and somo moro onginoa to do what is ; now being dono by throwing tho stuff into tho rivor; Tho inereaao of cost would bo somo thing liko six-ponoo ayard, , ',, 1 Mr. Geohciki Thoro must bo sonio mistako In that. '. . Tur PREMIER (lion. Sir ,T. Forrost) i I do not lcnow anything about tho mistako j tho in formation I havo is that it would cost slxponco ft yard moro and would also causo considorablo dolay. It would bo six monthabojoro tho works would got into full swing agaiu, Wo should havo to import trucks, or olso'build thorn, and in tho moautimo tho Harbor Works would havo to bo at a standstill. I tako somo oxooption to tho roaolution of tho otlior Houao on such an important matter. It Rooms to mo that duo consideration was not givon to tho work that hoo boen going on at Fromantlo for tho last yonr or two. Tho mattor was hurried through and sont on to this llouso. I think boforo this Houao sauotioiiB a roaolution of '.this kind it should havo moro information on tho subject, ' and should appoint a fcoloot Committoo to go round and aoo how far tho interests of tho country would bo interfered with by tho adoption of a resolution IUjo this. For my own part, I do not liko tho idoa of throwing sand and rubbish into the rivor; but tho Enginoer-in-Chiof says it could 'bo oaaily romovod again, if nood bo, at a cost of about a ponny a yard by tho Promior drodgo. If it wore nocoaaary tho Promior drodgo could excavato a straight channel on tho south aido of tho rivor in a vory short tiino. I do not go \- so far as somo, and say thoro ia no filling up. of tho rivor, but I do tihinU that tho practical men I boo boforo mo will not stop tho works at Fromantlo— to which wo aro all^Jpoking for- ' Ti'a'rd with so muoh iivborost— bocauso of a' Bmall onoro'nohinont upon tho north sido of tho xivor by this sand and rubbish being thrown tliorO. Wo havo all soon, , tho . work .going on thoro for tho lar.i two or t|iroo years, an-Lno ono has thought of moving in tho mattor, as tho mombors of tho Lqgislativo Council havo dono in this roaolution. I am quito suro it lias not rocoivod tho consideration it dosorvos, Booing it is such an important mattor, and if ? this Houao ia at all inolinod to' favour it, I . would \irgo upon hon. mombors tho doairability of roforring it to somo committoo, in ordor that ovidonco may bo takon upon tho aubjoot, Hon. mombors can oaaily soo if this reso lution bo adopted hovo it will upset tho arrangomonta of tho Govornmont for parrying on the harbor works at Fromantlo, and will dolay the work for six months. I consider tho gamo is not worth tho cimdlo'j but if tho Houso thinks othorwiao, then I think tho matter should bo thoroughly investigated boforo tho House nsaonts to a resolution liko this, that creates both troublo and oxponso, Mu. RANDELL : I mado a trip, last Satur day, to tho soono of operations and ' Hooky Bay i and tho opinion that I formed waa, that though thoro wns fjomo onerouchmont upon tho rivor, it was not serious, 'I'liero is a consider able depth of water thoro, and ni tho hon. tho Promior pointod out, it will bo absolutely noo638ary to dredge a ohannol, through th« spit ttt Preston Point, as no vesaol of any ma could got round tho point, at Rooky Iky. That will ,'( bo noftossary for tho rivor trafllo, but I think it would bo a very long timo boforo tho ohauuel would boeomo so narrow aa to hinder boats plying up and down. Thcro v may bo increased diflleulfcy for yaoht'a, tvnd bthov boats, that nood to sail, booanso thoy will havo fi'littlo loaa room to movo in, to got round tho ]3ay, I was corfcainly impressed \vith' tho difficulty thoro would bo, if tho stud' could not bo thrown into tho rivor. I waa aBaurod by tho Euginoor-in-Chiof that I ho coat ti of removing it again, if need ho, would bo Tory trifling. 1 think ho said loss than a ponny a yard. Ho certainly said it could bo removed Rgiun at very littlo cost, by tho drodgo, if it woro found necessary* so to do, or if tho material could bo profitably unpd olsowhoro. I do nut know how far any f roahot in tho rivor might afl'oob tho sand and stono bolng thrown thoro, for it ia not all Baud. ' So far as I could see, t-ho water waa not noting vory muoh upon tlio dobris, through stono boing intor.mixed with tho sand. I do not think a froahot would mako much impres sion upon it.' . I scarcely think thoro is any nooesaityto intorforo with tho operations of tho Engiuoor-in.Chiof, at tho quarrioa at Fro mantlo. I 'was very much struck with tho large amount of stono in tho sand \ it soomod in somo places to *bo in hiyora all along. I enquired if it woro so iu other parts of ^ho world, and thoy Baid no, that waa tho first instanco of tho kind thoy hud over como across. Thoro wag ono nclvantngo in it; in that it was muoh oasior to blast than if it wore all rock, though if it had boon nil rock thoy would havo got moro stono for uso, which VOUld hnvo compensated for tho nxtr.i cost. Mb. ILLINGWORTH \ Iriso to movo an amondmont to tho motion, boforo the Houso. My object ia to refer this m.attov to a Solect Committoo. I think it is amattor of sufllciont ? importanco. First of all, it ia sorious onough as far an the river itsolf ia concerned, I thi.nl:, howovor, it is moro dooivablo to liavo.aConi mittoo for another reason. Upon tho ni to I liavo in my mind for tho railway workshops thoroiB.ayalJo^a.VKU think l^cniRtAMfllMow iwmnnniwi wmmMiimNvmrafiaviflw mum nv«wamMWM*iAHiiL-raN boing thrown into tho rivor might bo us6d for lovolling that valley j and fof that roasoa I think it ia worth tho cououtoviitlon of thia liouao, whothoi' tho wishes of lion, uiombova In : an'othor place might not ho mot,' and useful work bo dono at thoHamo.tUng. As to any othor dopnrturo, I would riithor distinctly aup-' port the Ministry than stop tho worlca at Fro mantlo. But if tho dobria pun bo uaod for tho purposo I havo suggo'stod, wo shall do' two good things at the sariio time. ' Tjik Paawiun i You havo npib tho trucks to do it. ? Mn. ILLINGWORTH: Thosamo truoka that throw it into tho rivor, will throw it whoro I want to havo it thrown. ''. Tun Commissioner op RAiiiWAyoi Thoy will not hold uuul, \ ?,' ' ???? Mu. Gisojioh i How do tlioy hold it to throw it into tho rivor P Thk Commissions op BAiLwivsi r|'hoy uso barrowa to throw it into tho rivor. Mr. ILLINGWORTII 1 1 movo as an Amend, mont that tho quoation boroforrod to aSoloot Committoo, consisting of tho Hon. tho, Coin iniaoionor of Railways (Hon. .H. W. Vonn), Mr. Marmion, Mr. Wood, Mr. Simpson, and tho raovor. ' ' '?,?'? Tir« COMMISSIONER OF RAILWAYS (Hon. H. W.'Vonn) i Tho amondmont pro posed by tho hon. member is nonsoriso. I fool Buro that tho hou. mombora of this Ilouao, as a wholo, will bo ablo to'dooido this quostion thomsolvba. I rog'rdi; at tho proaonfc moment, thia question haa como oii at sooarly a stago this ovoning. Had I known ;it would havo como on, I should havo boon proparod with somo diagrams, that would have boon an .ob ject losson, so that hon. mombora could boo at onco tho oxaot position, liathor than aooopfc tho amoudmont, I aug/yoat that wo report pro. grosa until to-morrow, whonl shall bo abl6 to liavo drawings and diagrams ; horo, showing tho oxaot position of tho river frontago ; and I will givo tho oxaot flguroa. Tho hon. mom. bor for Naunino, statod a fowmiuutos ago, that tho samo trucks would movo tho Band. Mn. Ii,i,iNawoRTii 1 1 novor said anything of tho kind. Tkh COMMISSIONER OF RAILWAYS (lion. H. W. Vonn) t I undoratoodhim to oay, ? that tho small truoks romoving. tho Band, would romovo it olsowhoro, Hut wo havo no trucks to romovo it. Tho proportion as 'has boon pointod out, is, four tons of sand and rub bish, to ono ton of atono. If ,hoa. mombora would go down and boo for thomeolvp's, as tho hon. member for Perth did, thoy would soo at onco tho roal position. '.; Tfool snro tho .dia- ' grains loan bring to-mpnw, wiirontiblo hon. mombors to'doal with.vthia v quoation bottor than thoy can at the present mqmonfc, I niovo wo now roport progrosa. ' ? . \ Qnoation put and passod on tho .following , division i— ?. ? , ' ' ... Ayos,,'. .„ ? ,;.m- 16- '.,;, ? . .Noob , - ;».;??*. ._r,;r\\.' .. ' '. Mnjorl^.,,' ,,f . „; '7^ ? ' ? Site.-' ? ? ' ;*«r.-^.): Mr. Phillips ' ' .?'??' ''?? ' Mi'.ltftndoll ' ? ': ' ' ' ' ' Mi\ Richftrtlson , .,?.?'' Mr, Simpson BivJ.'Gi tooStooro ' ? ' . Mr. yoim ?'. , .?.'??? ? Mr. Lofroy (Teller.) ? ' ? ;„? ? , . ? Progrosa roportod. ' '? At 7.30. tho Houso roanmod/ ?' ? ?WANT OPCONriDBNOE MOTION. ' THH EDUCATION QUESTION. MR.LEAKB: Sir, I moyo', That tho policy ? of the Govornmont, as announood upon tho Eduen.t,on Question, is not satisfactory to this ITousc.iiorinaooordanoowith tho opinion of tho people of this Colony,' This lUin Sir, might porhapa hftvo ^ otod ~ liTi ?, T °thor hon- ^ombor than my! olf , but in tho exorcise of his discretion tho on. member, to whom tho privilege of mov S this roaolution would in ordin^ S stances havo fallon, has not tho^ht flMo t^mot^forwardn.amero.pvlvatomotioiw but a3 nn oxpi.oa3ioil of -oplnion-ftf thoso Mb. Simpson I Hoar, hoar. MR.LEAKE.Ihavobeondoputed.tomovo tlnsreaolutionandldosoreadily.Itwas auggeatodbyananawor whioh Wft8 given aZ 0(Vonmg8ngobythoHon.thoPromiortoaql' ^on which waa ukod by tho hon. member Z Nannino, as to whether it wns tho intontion of tho Govornmont to bringln abill^o amend the Education Act by abolishing tho present Bys ' torn and establishing a national syotomof fro secular and compuUory Education. Tho Premier's answor to that quoation was ,-«- Tho Government does not proposo to deal with this quoation fttproaont.' Fm-thor tho, hon aoL Homan announced that if it 8hould bo nooos.' «wy to mako any altorntion in tholaw, which ? woud nfflocfc certain l^mts, .tUo BUOJOO jould ruquiro to bo approached only Jtor tho fullest and most careful consideration ably with tho interests whioh liavo boon created . In that answor, I submit, lhoro 'Wft3 a distinct avowal of tho iutontion of tho Govornmpnt not to interfere with tho Education.. Cation I .on. momborB will onrry their rooollqctiona back oMayof last year when tho Ihon. tho i romior addroaaod his conatituonts at Bun Ivury.andalsototho debates of last aossion, they will bo reminded that on both oceaalona the hon, gentleman oxprossod himoolf doflnito yontho Education question, and there and then oxproascd his determination not to alfcor it ClNunutanoai demand that this question^ which haa boon boforo tho country, hhould.bo sottlodwlth no uncertain voice, and l\hinlc it ia in tho intoroata of tho Houao and tho country that it should be finally dotorminod without any delay whatever.' In the debatoa oMnst session, it will .bo . romomborod that divisions wore taken upon, two diotinot pro posula. Tho first wnfl propoaod by tho hon member for Gomldton (Mr. Simpson) to. tho olToot that it was undQsirabio to fuithoi- extend thn ayatom of State nid to. Aosiatod Schools.' That resolution was nogatived by throo votos only. Upon that occcaaion I did not vote.. ,1 will oxplain my reason in a mom.out. j ' TirJi.l'nnMiRR(Uon. Sir J, '.Fowmt/t You. anW that bftfo.iy-. ? Mn. LlijAOi I shall do so, no doubt to tho Batiafaotlon of tlio Hon., tho. P.j'ouvior. Sub uoqunutly, tho , Government brought iu rt Dill to altor tho' systpsn . of Kdnoatlon. Upon that obciisioir I did voto., My'voa^ona aw those, During my cwidid4uro at Albany, I o:-pro83«il an opinion that. I had not at. tho tlmo, rhiido up my mind on thia, question of Eduoatlon, audaaldthonl was in favor of lgavlujy tho quoation alono. Aoting up to ,thut. principle and to that statement, I did not voto on tho motion of tho hon. momber for Gnraldton. 'J'hu rosult of tho division was. oortainly to loavotho quoation alono i but waa that tho dosiro of tho Govornmont P . I say it was , not, for within a' fow wooks, almost within ,'a, fow daya aftor tho .narrow division upon tho , motion of tho hon, m'ombor for Goraldtou, wo find a dotorminod oflort mado by tlio Govom mont to mako a matorlal altpration in tho lnw routing to Education. Thoy thon nought to inoroase tho grant in aid of tho Aaslatod Sohooln. Tho Govorumont thon, did not loiivo tho quostlon alono, and althoiiffh on tho pro vioua oooualon I had voted in ae'oordanoo with my publicly oxproaaod dotormlnatlou to lpavo tho quoaflon alono, when I found that thbGoforumont— ' : Titn PnMHinR (Hon. Sir J. Forroat) i You did not voto at all. You Bay you voted. Mr. LEAKK i Thank you for (tho corroo tion. I did not voto booausb I doairdd to loavo : tho quoation alono, but tho hon. member: forced tho handa of ovory hon. mombor. Thoy brought forward a Bill; and it ia nofc tho duty of any hon. mombor to eit and dlaouas tho torrna of a Bill, but, rofraia from ,glyl«g on exproaulonof opinion, Ihaaiuu,,-h aa tlrnt Bill 8ought to matorlally,aUor tho Education Aot, I dotormluod, still with tho idea of Ibaving tho quoation alone, to voto against tho moaauro. I did ao, and I am happy to say that tho Bill waa thrown out by tho oa atlng voto of tho Chair man. Thus tho opinions of hou. mombora woro forced, and it booamo noooasary for my. solf and ovorybody olao, to dotormino what lino ohould bo takon on tho quoBtlon. I can not consistently and ropoatodly toll ray conatituonta, tho publio, or hon, iupmbora« that I havo not'mado.up my bind upon any quoation. I havo modo up my mind and I havo not ohangod it j and it is booauao I havo mado up my mind that I am willing and anxioua to movo thia roaolution. By roaaon ot tho ootion of tho Govornmont, this quoation of Educa tion, although previously an important ono, booamo a burning question. It led to a cor tain amount of agitation during tho rocosa. lfc indncod or foatorod a raoro or loaa uniottlod atato. in' tho coimtiy and in tho doctorates, Strong foolinga woro oxprosaod, and if wo aook for ovidonco of 'an exhibition of fooling, wo nood only oonsidor tho roooht olootiona, whon'tho hon, raombor for tho lifvirrfty and tho lion, mombor for North FroniiantJQ woro ro turned, both of whioh olootiona T^bro fought out on tho Education quoatlon.' ; MBi'Connqhi No. ''''. ,^' . ' Mn.LEAKE t I am sorry' I did not iniaHo mysolf hoard to tho hon. momboi'. ? Mn. Connor i State faotij,'. ' MkLEAKBi If anyono ought, to bo iu ft 'position to know, it should bo. tho hou. mom beii'who has oh.vlleng'od.ray ftsaorfcion, booMiio if ho did not . oonjpat the North Froiuantlo olootion himaolf, , I am not for .wrong in. aay. ing ho did bo oa tho doputy or agent 'of vninothor. Not. only havo cortaia olootoratea oxprpaaod a -?oflnito opinion on thia quoation, but with tho oxcopiion ofono or certainly not moro than two isolated inatanooa, tho Prosa of tho oountryaroinfavorof an alteration in tho Educatiqn Aot in tho dirootion of abol iahing tho dual Byatohi. Is thoro an hon. ?. mombor who oan dony witli a clear conftoionco, that tho country is not in favor of aboliahing tho dual 'ayatom P So far as I am personally conobrnod, I do not caro wluvt hon. mombora on tho MinBtorlal aido pf tho Houao think of my aotion iu thia inattor. I havo no doubt that mauy of them will refer' to JImi'ard, I shall bo quoted, and porhapa miaquotod, and it not misquoted, miaintorprotod. Whatovor happona, I mn coiitont to lot thia quoation remain as ono botwoen myself und my oon atituonta, not hon. mombora of thia Houao. If my conatituonts diaapprovo of my action in tlds rogard, is it opon to them, whoa tho question crops up, to rojoot mo at tho next olootion. If hon. mombora cau tako any ploaauro in quoting my obaorvatloua in Hansard I shall gladly listen to thorn, and lamcortain that if thoy will not only study what I havo said on thia quoation, but on all othors, thoy will roap a cortain amount of advantago. I am proparod at thin moment to faco an olootion on thia quoation j indoba ono of my -par tioukr objects in forcing it beforo tho tfouao and tho country, is with tho idoa of a dissolution in ordor that I may nnnounoo my views upon tho subjoofc and to hoo whether or nob thoy coinoido withthoso of my conatitu onto. ? ? ? ? ? . ' Mr, Maumioni Hnvo you mado' up Vour mind?' ? ' ' '.???.: Mn.LEAKE : Ioannot lioarthbhon.gontlo. man. Tho prlnotplobf thia roaolnfclon is not bo. much to obtain' an alteration in tho law, iw to got an oxproasion of opinion upon tho quoa tion. If ibwero oarrlod it will not ftltor tho law, although of oourso it would be propor that the law should bo ftltorod in nocordivnco with tho rosolution. and If tho Hon. tho Promior in hia wisdom, thiaka-flt' to pray for a diasolu. tion on this quoslion, it will bo greatly to tho atlvantago of ovorybody, An HpN. Member i Espoolally ' tho hon. mombor, ' ' . Mn, LE AKE 1 1 say tho Cfovornmont in thia inattor aro inconsistent. Tho Hon, tho Promior, whom wo. must rogard as thn mouth, pioco of tho Govorumont— although wo know thoro ia a split in hia Cabinot on thia import ant quostibn— haa, from tho first, announood hia Intontion of maintaining tho proaont Byatomof Education, Woro they 'not iucon« Biatont aftor that avowal, when last session thoy introduood a Hill to inoroaso tho grant to tho Assisted Sohoola P If tho prinolplo wiw nocossary last ooBBion, it is nocoaaary now. Why did not tho Govornmont como' fivwarJ with a roaolutiou or a Bill such IV that of last year and twk tho Houso t ? pasa it P Bocauso thoy aro frlghtonod o tho consoquoncoa. Io it right that tii.s quostion should romain unsottlod P U it right that this oonditiou' of unroat and diaquiot and roligloii3 controversy should bo al lowed to ariso and to eontlnuo P Can anyono gay fooling haa not been oxpr.ossed in liio conn try P Do wo not know that fupm certain., quartora, inany bitter thingo liavo boon Bald, thalj certain, ^cw- jfiiatjjoiiai poiitJctvi ,iww| )S dhc^*.. wl«a havo boon formed in' oi'dor to do what P —to maintain tho proaont system, th;vt Hyutoin 'vliluli tho Oovaraiiiont lint your, after liuviiig , fli'dt of all aaid thoy would Hwiutulu, ondoav ? ourodto 'alfcoi1, butwoi'e .dul'uivtod in tho at . tompt. Lot tha question, bo sotUod atones, , Tho more wo doliy, blip groator danger thoro ifl of ib not boing aiiiiaibly oofctlod ami in tho intoroata of all partioa ooncorned. This aoaslon' wo lioar tho 'cry of voatod Intoroat.9. That waa nob tha ory kat yoar. . We.hoard uothimj about voatod Intorodta thou. Thoy aro a aoeoudary consideration, a bolstered arRumont, adduood in ordor to divert i\ttontion ' aud in ordor to avoid if.poasiblo, tho noooaaity of touohing tho rjuoatiouaa tho Govorumonb attomptod to do last ooasion. Lasib so«Iou \- thoy told us thoy had tho abututoi'y right to iuoroaao tho 'grant. . Now, oor tain sootioua of tho community demaud that uicvoaao, But notwithatauding the statutory right whioh was argued for, . notwithattinding tho domaud whioh hna comofroin a cerbiiiu qunrtor, woilud that tho Government duro not tuoklo tho Education quostion. And if ib is nob settled . now, if this motion ia not onrrled— and horo I aik hou, mombora to mark what I say— if it ia not aottlod now, it oannot ba for throo yoara, without a diaaolution. That is of oounio assuming the Govornmont ? iu'o true to thoir publio , uttGranoos. Whothor the' Hon. tho . Promior will think fit to alter his vio-/a - Tub PttHauHR (Hon,( Sir J. Forroat) i Llko you; ? Mr. LEAKEi Whotiiortho Hou.tho Promior will think fit to alter his viowa, a oontlngonoy vrhioh . ia by no moana roihoto, wo shall not havo thia quoation aottlod for throo yoara s and ia thoro any hon. mombor who will duro to aay thatit iaadvirtftblo that thia quoation should bo hold o'vorour hoada for so long a porlod P Surbly it is in tho intoroats of tho'ao who b up- port tho Asaiatod Schools and ovorybody olse, to boo it aottlod onoo ard for all. Thoro ia no doubt— and I am oortain I havo tho uupport of tho majority of lioni mombora In thia— that tho dualsyatam of Education ia doomed, and tho aoonor wo know undor what olroumatanooa that doom, is to ovortako thoayatom, tho bottor it will bo for ovorybody oonoornod. Ib ia ob jootod, and I havo no doubt that during tho ? dobato it will bo objootod, t'.iat tho motion ia ono of want of. oonfldouco in tho Govornmont. It ia a voto of that sort, ivnd if ouch a voto woro ovor justified, tho proaont ooooaion juatifloa this, for whon wo flud an important political quostion not only boforo tho Houso but boforo tho country, attomptod ? to bo ovr.lod by thoso who havo th'o contrel: of affairs, it ia tiino that somo proasuro ia brought to boar to foroo thoao (jontlomoato not only apropos conclusion, bub to a dotorininB.tlontb' aottloi onoo and for all, a rauoh voxod (Juqatlon. If this Is a want o! oon 'fldonoo motion, 'ican auyono: toll raoiiow a motion donling with 'tho ' Education .Quoation oan bo fwuu6d bo lib not to amount to a- want of confidonco motion P Icivnilot imngiuo that tho Govornmont can vogard any lutor foronoo with thia quoation, in any othor light than aa a want of confldonoo. , Supposo hon. mombora1 on tliia aldo of' tho Houso had brought in a 'Bill to amond tho Education Act, would not 'tho dobato on tho Bocond reading' ',havo boen troatod aa a toa't quojtio'nP Would not that Dill, if it ' pa^sod, lo practically an oxprbaslon of want of oontldenco in tho Gpvorninont, pai'tiouiavly, not only aftor tho avowal -st tho Govornmont, but after thoir aotion in rogard to it P PorhapB thoro are aovoralhoo, mombora on tho Opposi tion aldo of tho Houso who will not voto for thia motion, bocauao it ia a voto of want, of con fidence—and I rogrot to hdyo to say,' bub I do any ao, ? and dolib'or.tioly too— that thoro aro hon. mombora on tho Opposition aido of tho Houbo whoso, aympathioa unfortunately aro not with tho Opposition. Tlfoy rathor sbrongthon tho hands of, tho Govornmont and will poaaibly do ao on this oooaaion, ns wo.ll m upon other oooaaions, when an advorso. voto agaiost tho Govornmont ia propoaod and dlvidod upoiii Why ia thoro notliing* auggoqtod on. this quoa tion P I said juat now that it waa booauao thoro wna a split in tho Ministry upon it. Thoro la no doubt about, that, Honi.tmombora know that only two momba,ra of tho Mmlatry really approvo of thia question aud thoy aro tho Hon. tho Promior andetho Hon. tho Commisaionor of Hallways. Wo know that tho Attorney Gonoral, if ho darodto oxprpss au opinion, would voto for tho abolition on the' dual ayatom, Wo know that tho Minlator of Education haa oxproaaod hia viowa emphatically upon tho aubjoot, and wo had tho voto of tho Hon. tho * Commissioner1 of Crown Lands with tho Opposi tion last yoar, tho hon, gontloman ianow a mombor of tho Ministry and it will bo interost ing to mombors of this Houao and to tho couu- try, to uolloo what tho hon. gontloman haa to . say -with rogard to tho quosfcton. It is inattor as to'wholhov or not ho will amilW hia prtn olploa, or atlolc to hlssoat. Sir, I hoard a hls3 juatnow in tho Houso. I do not know wlioro it oamo from,' but I think it camo from tho gallery. I hopo it will nob ooour again, ?Tub Prhmihr (Hon. Sir J. For'rost) i I did not hoar it. Mk. LEAKBi'Iwasroiharlclng that thoro was a split in tho Ministry; and that that split roaulUln a majority In favor of tho Opposi tion, Wo know that ono gontloman, tho Col onial Soorotary, who resigned from tlio Minis try fllnco last sossion, in a pvonoungod oppoiionfc of tho prcsont syatotn. TuEPnuMiHU I (Hon. Sir J. Forroat) ! Ho brought in tho Bill anyway, Mn. LEAKE i Yes, ho did. I think tho opponouta of tho proaont Bystomhavo toth'wik him hoaitily for having forced tho hands of hia oolloaguoa, and tho wonder la that hia col loaguos did not soo, through it, The House and tho country did, If tho Prpmlor eayn ho will main ,lu thoao solioola, to bo consistent ho must go on aud Inoroaao tho (frant j but ho cannot do that as .tlio Houao has told him that they will havo nono of it. Ho daro npt, thorn fow, taolrlo tho quoatiou. If ho aaya on tho ono hand ho will' maintuin thoso eohoola, tho country eaya on tho othor hand ho hIuiII nofc, and whon it oomos to a quodtion, ovonly balancod though It may bo, for thq olootora to dooldo tho mattor onoo and for all,' lot thoao. who attack mo and say I hovo ohangod my yiows, givo mo au opportunity of going back to my olocfcoiM to announpo my views upon it, and lot tho Govornmont sond a oupportor down thoro to defoat mo if ho can. I am proparod to moeb my constituents on, thia queation aud I ilmiro .to do so. , What will bo tho roault, boiiio hon. carried iijjuiusb the Govornmont P Itoivlly it Hui-prisoa mo to hour aoino hou, moinbcrii talk ubout tho I'OL'i'iblt) au.l illro i'OJiiU;- whioh limy follow upon tho tormimvtiou of offluo of the pi'oaont Ministry. It1 thoro word :i disaolutiou , or if tho Go vo rum out woro to rasigu, lhoro seeing to bo au impression that tho biwlnoa^ of this country luuab bo ausjjoudod, that tho whole ooonomy of tho Borvieo will bo ujwob, aud that no bunitioaa could po on for months. If tlio Govornmont woro Lo roalyu to-mon'ow, tho bu;jinoaj of this ojimtiy would go on aa wall. It would bo noooMruy, ib U truo, to vota nupplioa. Whoovor hoard of n Govornmont boliiff turnod oub of olllco oxcopl; during n posuioii of Piirliamont ? The boaab of tho pro sont Mlniatry alwuya haa boon that thoy will resign whoa tha popular voioo ia against thorn, Wo havo hoard thab so ofbon, that hon. mombora will rojyarcl it, by thia timo, ai au empty platitude Koaign ! indood. Mr, IfcMNa worth i Novor. . Mn. LEAKS i I do not think thay aro over likoly to do ho, uulo33 a dlablnct a;ad ompath atlo voto of Avaut of oonfldonoo is earriod ai,?aij.i8t thoin, I ask hon, mombora to diauusa tho morits of this quosbiou irro.ipuobivo of tho rosultj, irrospootivo of tho conso quonoea. whioh ib may bring upon thoso gontlomon who aro afraid to foarloasly and honestly taoklo it. What is it to aay, when wo aro flghtiug for a principle, that ib hits harshly, ouo or two hou. mombora P Must wo always be told wo can go a cortain diatauoo aud iio further P Muot wo bo told that wo must submit to thi.i particular nilo for ovor P Muabwo bo ooiiHtantly burking and never biting P Aro hon, mombors to bo frightened booauflo tho Promior saya i— ' If you pass this resolution, wo will resign P' Hon. mombora who aro guidod by such fooling3 aa thoso, tiro blind to thoir senso of duty, and wliou thoy oonsidor' Bii'eh an omphatio quoatiou as this ono is, thoy must have rogard to thoir publlo utteranoos and plodges. There aro hon. mombor,? who have plodgod thomsolvos to voto against tho ooutinuauco of the proaont system of Education, aud how oan thoso hon. mombers —and I notioo tho hon. mombor for West Povth (Mr. Wood) is looking at mo— how oan hon, motuboi'3 and thab hon. mombor, in particular, say thoy will not voto with mo on this motion aud at tho samo timo tell their oonstituouts thoy havo boon consistent P I say thia for tho bonoflfc of tho hon. mombor for WostPorth, ' I know him woll onough to feol assured that ho will not go baok upon what ho has said in public, and that ho will support tho roaolution. ' Mb. Mabmioni Ho won't go baok to tho. public , ?| Mk. Simpson i You'll go bade to thorn boforo long. ,?,?? .??...?' 1 Mn. LEAKEi Wq havo liqard it said moro than ouoo both in nud oufi of tho Houso, th*t no ono' oan form a Ministry, outsido tho proaont Ministry, and thab I suppose is going to bo an argumout against this resolution, Lot prlnoiplos go to tho wind I Abandon ovorybhlng you have aaid I Forgot yoursolvos booauso you may turn tho Govornmont out I Was thoro ovor ouch an insult to tho co natitu* onta to say thoy wore returning men, who woro nob capablo of holding oflloo P So far as I understand politics, from tho Jitblo oxporlonoe I havo had of thorn, ' Tun ATfonNBY- GENKRAL (Hon. S, Hurt) ( Hoar, hoar, Mr, LEAKB i It sooms that ovory man who goos boforo a ooii3bituonoy Is doing that oon Btltuoncy and himself an injusfcloo, In seoklna1 elootlon, union i ho thinks, ho ia capable of taking oflloo at aoino time. Tlio man who says ho will not tako olfloo, praotlcally tolls tho country ho is incapablo. If ho io incapablo ho should not bo ro turnod to this Houso. I am happy to say that on tho Opposition sido of tlio Houbo thoro is matorlal for moro than ono . Ministry, and ono who would have th.9 oon* fldon'co of tho country, moro than I firmly boliovo tho presont Govornmoufc has. An advorao voto I a voto of want of confldonoo I destruction of tho Ministry I tho idol of tho H01130 shattered I hou. mombors appallod at 'tho downfall I i Lot me romind hon. mombora that if thoy are not oavof ul, thoir idol may ahattor thorn, and why P s booauso hon, mombors hnvo got, not only tho voting powor in thia Houao to con. sidor, but tho voting power of thoir con stituouoioa. Tho cpnstituonoloa, I am happy to say, aro alivo. Thoy notico the actions of their mombors, thoy ar.) nwaro of thoir short comings as woll as thoir good actions, and this motion, bringing aa it doos an important political prinolplo prominontly boforo tho publio, must bo aupported or oppoaod by hon. mombora according to thoir consciences. I will, say, thab of all tho hon. mambavs on tho Ministerial sido of tho Houso thoro aro nono moro couaiHtont on this question than tho hon. mombor for Froinautlo, tho hon. mombor for Eait Klmbovl&y;, and tho hon, mombor for Yilgarn. I admiro thorn for their consistency.. No one expects thoy will support this roaolution and I do not dosiro to say any. thing whioh would hurt tho fooliugs of thoao lion, mombors, and if thoy regard this roso lutlou as not asking for tho edfcabllulunonfc of an important prinolplo, thon thoy will hold mo blamoloas of an uttompkto oi'oato ill-fooliug or diaquiot. If this roaolution ibo3 not puss, an Instanco of tho ovoi'wliolmiug dangor of oxooaalvo powor will bo t'uviiiahod, bociuso hpi'O wo flixrltho Govornmonfc mavalialllnjj thoir forooa and aoourlng voto^, nob ayainsb tho prinolplo wo aro flfjhtlug for, but iu ordor to keep thoni9alvo3 in ollluo. Tho majority of tho Opposition moinboi'A aro not aotuatod by any foollujja which aro likely to influonoo thorn in koophiff tho prosonb Ministry iu powor, and thoy aro free thou to voto according to thoir oonaoiouoo3 mid according t to tho opinions which thoy havo ox»i'0»aod ou tho prinolplo whluh tho^inotlon involves. That power of 1;ho Ministry to command votoa will work on thU ocoaalon if lion. iuoinboM aro mindful not to porpotuato and continue a t'alao principle. It will bo porpotuatoil ul; any rato for thi'jj yoiVi'8, and ia rv pi-iiwipb whioh thin Houuo haa oxpro.nod its diHapproval of, iu which action fcho ( Hoino ia nup. ported by tho country. If, unfortun atwly for Minlatorial nioinbn'j, and l'ui'tun atoly for tho Opposition niomborH.Uuu motion Hhould bo oarrlod, tha Govorruui'ut mlijhb think, fit to roMltfii. In th:i,t c:.wo momlwro on tho Oppoaition sido of tho llouw mi^ht ooonpy tho Mini«torial B9,atj. If mioh n tiling; woro to happen, wo would at nuy ralo Inivo n npooily aottloment of thin quodtiou, ami ic the now bELil a try, having dono thai; nud thnn dono Iho prosont Ministry could bo voiiutatod, I havo rofrainod from makinf; imy attack upon tho iyhUim oi Kdiicivtion, I have iiiwli) up ray mind lhat tho dual Ryu torn in doomed. I havo docitlod to voto nyahi'it it-J contiiuuvuco and I cau soo, that uulos.i Uio (Jovoreniout is foicod by somo Hiioh motion rj this, they will never movo. Wo imint bring forward a motion of this kind in order to let lion. momboiM know that wo will not voco^iuho peraonal foolings in dnalinywitli ho important a quunlion; and i do aslc hon. niomboM to bo guidod by tho moritu of tho quuation and nob coimdtir tho offoct it nmy havo upon tlio Ministry, for if thia resolu tion is dofuntud, it will bo bcomiHo hou. mem bers nro fearful of its immediate ofl'oct upon their iiiuruls and not bucau&u; of its importance to tho country. Tiih 1WKMU2R (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) ! Sir, I havo listened with attention to 'tho hon. member's npetch aud I must «ny his lunguiiffo was not ao fiery as I oxpoctod it would bo. It was a very tamo effort, and aftor so much notico of tho motion had boon given and bo muoh preparation for this torirblo onslaught on tho Govornmout had boon mado, I am dis appointed, for I expeotod a moro sovero specoh and much moro stronger arguments. I noticed that tho hou. member use | tho word ' prin oiplo'very ofton and bef/ro I sit d-wn I shall endeavor to show how for ho has stuok 1 to ihoso principloa, which he ia so oagor that wo should all respect, Tho iiuprosaion con voyed to my mind in liatoniug to the speech, was that it was an ad niiuricordiam appeal to tho supporters of tho Government and all those who aro not his followors, to oust tho Government and plaoo him and his fow friends on tho Ministerial benches. Ho was careful too, to address hon. mombers oa tho Ministerial sido of tho Houso by uamo, pointing out thoir duty to thorn iu regard to thia mattor and also thoir duty to their constituonta, I would liko to say to lion, mombors of this and the othor sido of the House, that I do not rogard this reoolution as having very much to do with tho Education Question. My opinion is, I may bo wrong, that tho hon. membor's desire is simply to hamper the actions of tho Government aa muoh as ho can on this question and to get, if possible, moro sympathy both inside and out sido of tho Houso in ordor to placo himaoli in that position of promuionco which ho so much dosiroB— tho loadorihip of tho Opposition, Mr, Lk akb i Hear, hour. Thh PREillBB (Hon. Sir. J. Forrest) : I would liko to auk what right he haa to expect to bo leader of tho Opposition. Mn. Ljdakh i Muy I roply, Mr. Speaker P Tub SPEAKER ( Certainly not. Mb, Lmkh : 1 thought tho Premier was ask ing me a question, Tot PEEMHiR (Hon. Sir. J. Forrest) 1 1 do not know what tho hon, mombor haa done to warrant his boing plaood in that position, and ho should bide for a while and not try to hoist for himaolf into a position whioh noithor hon. members or thopooplo of tho country woro pro parod to entrust him .with. I ronlly cannot ogreo with tho hon. member that thoro was uovora timo whon a voto of want of confidence was niora justifiod thru it was at presont. I am' quite oortain, and I only wish to mako the Btatomontandaay no moro about it, that tho question of Assisted Sohools, which is a part of tho Education nyatium of tho colony, has not . boon placed beforo the country as a definite quoatiou. I do not want to say what would bo tho rosult, if it woro ; bub the lion, mombor for Albany only glvos his opiuloi upon it' and not tho opinion of the oountry, It has not been toshd by tho verdict rtf tho country, Mr, IiiiiiNGwoKTii i Test it, The PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forrest) s Tho hon, mombor says ' test it.' No doubt ho ia anxious to got into a Ministerial aoat himself. Mr. IbLiNawouTK i I am not, The PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forro3t)i I think tho hon. member is, In rogard to my own position on tho quostion, and I think it is shared by Bomo of my oolloaguea, I may say, ao I havo said in and out of the House, that I havo novor boon a groat supportor of tho present Education Systom, I havo said over and ovor again that I preferred all childron should attond tho ono sohool. I could not havo my way and I was not going to fbroe pooplo if I could avoid it. Now, Sir, tho hon. member for Albany tipoko of tho plodgos given by tho Govornmont on the question. He ia vory fond of trying to tio tho Govornmont down to a plodgoj but the Govornmont plodgos aro novor broken as ho breaks hia. Ho ia moro pledgod to his constituents on this mattor than I am to mine, Tho hon. membor is a ronogado. Ho lias brokon his plodgos and— Mu. Liiake i Sir, I riae to ordor. Are thoso wordo Parliamentary P The SPEAKER i Thoy aro not proper worda to uso, Tun PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forroat) : I withdraw them, Sir, II is woll-kubwn to tho country and to this House, that tho Govorn mout did not introduce tho present Education Aofc. It has boen tho law of the land for the lost quartor of a century and has boon in oxist onco a longer poriod than any momber in tho Houso luvo boon in Parliament, with tho excep tion of tho Hon. tho Spoakor and tho hon. member for IVomantlo, It cortainly hits Age on its sido and its groy hairs Bhould bo rospoctod, Mn. iLLiNflwonra ! This kind of age ia roUonnosfl, Thh PREMIER (Hon. Sir J, Forrost) s Hon. mombora now desire to aweop thia law away, but I do not think they caro two straws about tho mattor, Tho hon, member for Albany only wishes to hampor the Govornmont and to placo himself in ono of tho Ministerial oeat3. ? Mk, Lhake s Hoar, hear. Tun PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forroat) s Tho hon, mombor did not toll tho Houso that tho prosent law had boon in existence fov 25 yearn, nor did ho mention tho interests whioh wcro croalod by it. Ho -also omitted to any any thing1 about tho monoy it would cost to altor tho peasant law or whothor ho would swoop it away afe onoo without any considoration. I may say that no ono dialikes roliglona or guasi roligioua controvoi'aiou moro than I do, and I do not liko to have rollgion mixed up with publio quoations or imported into political din cuosloua i but ho Ion;;; us pooplo aro oaffor to irot into Parliament, so long will thoy eontlnuo to take advantage of imy differences that may ' arise, whothor of a religious or social char uotgr, in ordor to assist thorn in attaining the object thoy have in view, I am not throwing out any cliii.vgn iipni nab anyono. It i» tho oumii all l;ho world over, that mon should tako diC t'oront Bktoa on tho quootion of tho dny. Iu pvlifclM particularly tho ouao, uu ' if I at oloo.tion timo declurod any vtows on the 'Education Question or uny othor qiuKtton, my opponent no doubt would oppose my ideas. It iatho namo iu ParJU mout. I l;now some lion, mombora who will voto for tho hon. mombor for Albany's reso« lutlon, who at ono time in thoir lives would lmvo plowed tlnjmsolves to tho opposito. The lion, member who moved tho motion know» vory woll ho gob into Pai'llumont ou what it culled tho Roman Catholio vote. He only got in by ono voto, and I heard that a man, a Roman Catholio, was taken out of hia bod wrapped up in bli.nljots, and carried to tho poll to volo for tho hon. member. ' . ? Mu. Lbakk : Truo. This PREMIER -Bon. Sir J. Forrost)., And that h tlio man to whom tho hon, mem ber is going to give his pledge to- nighfc. My own opinion is that, if it is dosired by tho people of thiu country that thoro should be a oliimgo in tho existing law, thore is not tho slighUwt roason why the people of the colony should sot h/ivo thoir way j but I feol quito suro that if a chango is desired in the lav thathas boon in oxi«tomx» for 25 yoars, and undor which intoroutw have i^own up, thost who wish to altor the law will do it only aftor grave con«idoraUon. Aa I Baid in my roply to tho question put by the hon. member for Nannino, tho Governmont aro bound to recognise that tho3o interested in tho Aoaiatcd Sohools havo vo»tsd iutereatu which have beoa built up undor the law of tho land during tho past 25 yoara j and therefore, should it bo considered nocossary to make any alteration in the law whioh would ufl'eot thoao intoroata, ! the «ubjoot would voquire to b» approached only aftor tho fulloat aud moat careful con Bideration, with ix viow of dealing honorably and equitably with tho intoroata wliich have been croated. That ia tho opinion of the Government. I hopo thia quoation, whoa takon in hand, may bo Battled on an equitabla and honorablo basia that may bo eatiufactory to all parties; and no ono will rojoico more than I shall if it can bo so settled. My advioe ' to the House io to loavo tlio mattor to tha Govornmout, and wo will soo if some arrange ment can bo mado satisfactorily to all parties concerned, on an equitable and honorablo baaio, Mr. Simpson i It ia all ovor. You climb down. This PREMIER (Hon. Sir J. Forrost) : I do , not think the hon. momber for Goraldton wants mo to olimb down. His occupation will bo gono whon this question is moved out of tho way, This troublo has placed tho hon. momber in his scat horo on two occasions, and if it continuos it may placo him in again. Tho Education Quoation haaplacod him in thia Houso, and I am suro he dooa not want mo to climb dowu by romoving thia cauao of trouble in tho country. Ho wanta it to continue a troublosomo question, becauao ho boos a chanco not only of gottiny returned again to thia House, but also porhaps' of obtaining somo other position. I have said on othor occo flions, and I say again hero to-night, that I do not boliovo there ia imy wisdom or truo statesmanship in trying to force people, simply because you have the powor to do so I believe truo atutosmanship consists in giving duo consideration to all classes of the com munity— certainly to any largo or important sooWon— and that any largo sootion is entitled not only to have ita rights and privilegoa vo3poctod, but oven its prejudices should ba oouildored. Wo know, after all, that thoaa who principally tako advantage of thoao Assisted Schools aro tho Roman Catholics; and it is all very woll for some hon. mombors to think that bocauaothoyroproaoutthroe-t'oih'tha of tho community, and tlio Catholics aro only one-fourth, theroforo these hon. members cau afford to be high-hondod and independent} but if theao proportions of tho community wore half and half, how would it bo then P I do not suppose wo would thon bo able to settle the mattor at all. I hopo that under prooont circumstancoa wioo counsels will prevail, and that thoro will bo sufficient good sonao and good feolinjj nmongot all of us to agroo upon aomo plan by which wo may do away with strife, und bo ablo to arrango a settlement of tho Education Question on a fair and oquitablo ba3is thatwillboaatiofaotoryto all partioa concornod. In doaling with thia matter, I would liko to rofor to a point which is quit« in accord with tho arguments I havo adducod. Tako, for inotauco, tho Ecclesiastical grant, Wo know tho chnrohos bavo no logol right whatever, baoed on tho law of tho land, ? to a continuance of that grant ; that thoy havo merely had an annual voto of tho Legislature, passed yoar by year; and in any year thia Houso might wipo out tho annual grant to tha ohurohco, und thcro would bo an end of ib, Tho grant not boing mado undor any law, tha churches would havo no cause to say tho grant hud boon illegally doalt with. Tho churches havo enjoyed tho grant a good many year long boforo I camo Into this Houso— yot in tho prosont session wo have agreod to bring tho Ecclesiastical grant to a close, and how aro we going to do it P Tho gonoral fooling of thia ; Houao is that wo aro going to do it by a gono- : rows recognition of tho interoat whioU tho ' ohurohea havo acquired during tho eon.: tiou*HCG of tho annual voto— not an in terest creatod .undbr any law, not founded' on Statute, but merely by a voto passed1 yuar by year by tho Legislature. If,1 undor thoso oiroumstances, wo aro going tov act generously and fairly ftnd liberally to the ohiirohoa in this country, by rocoguiaing that an interest iu the annual grant has grown up during its long continuance, thon I ask aro wo going to aofc less fairly, loaa liborally, losi generously in tho caso of an institution founded upon Statute, whioh has boon in existonco as a law during tho last 25 ynars, and undor which largo obligations havo been incurred P Aro wo going to deal leas liberally, loss fairly, or less gonorouslyin tho caso of an institution founded upon Statute law, than wo are going to do in thooasoor an interest which is not founded; upon statute, but whogo emolument haa boon ' rocoivod meroly through an annual grant of ? tho 'LoffialRtuvo? [Mb. Lhakbi Cortainly not.] I am glad to hear that. I will mako IV noto of it. I havo now dealt with the quoation as far as I Intend to deal with it on this occa sion, in regard to tho position of Assisted Schools undor tho law, and I am now going to turn my nttontion to tho hon. member for Albany—the man who boliovos in high prin ciples— tho man who wishes us to koop our plodgos. [Mn. Lsakioi Now, don't bo too hurd.] No i I will tell you the absoluto facts. Tho hon. 'utnibor has boon in this Houso about ' (Continued on page 6^ a yeor— that h about' tho extent of his ox^ porioncb in UiiaHcttJo-andl'think his career haa boona moatoxtfuordiuaryono. Mostpooplo Iikotobooon9idarodc6um3tont.lhavooftonaaid —and I am attro ovoryono will agrco with mo— that thoao who aro inconsistent, and thoso who uro dishonest, and thoao who do not toll tho ? truth', would rathor do tho right thing than tho wrong ono, aa 11 matter of choioo. I am euro tho untruthful man would rather speak iho tmth, bocauso his untruthful statements ijol him into go much trouble, and ho has to tiviat and turn in all directions whon trying to cv«tlo dotootlon. Thoroforo I givo tho hon. iv.pmbfjr for. Albany crodit for having tho 'TcUnary foelihgs of human naturo,by assuming i hut ho would rathor'' bo consistent than In* ' coiwiabont, , t think it was Lord Byron who said— i .- ' . 1 ..''....' . Wo'lovo tho vivtuoB,wi\\}ehwocannotolnlmi , and I nin auro tho hon. raombov loves those , virtues it lib cannot blftira tubm. [Mr. Lejuu » Try Dr. Watt.] Tho llJ-nt ' epeeoh tho hon. member inado hvtliifl Houso 'wu dollvorod on thb;3Qta'July,1804r-ju8t ttbouli ft y°ftl% as°~ and whab Bort of *poocji was it P First of all ho oppoaod tho Coolguviiio railway, thon ho opposed loans* generally, contending that vro ahould hob go borrowing jnonoy at all, and ho ,do3oribod the i'Goolgardio railway as a lino to Bayley's Find and. to /tho Hampdon Plains Syndicate land, no also said ho waa la favor of privaloly-'owuod rallwaya'and oppoaod to State ownership ; indocd I rather thought ho , ( ittHst-havo boon rplaiucid oh bdhalf of aomo , railway syndicated, aud'.whon lio wa» proBsed oa tho point Iw gavo ua to understand that it , was Mr. Lush- company, ho wan Interested in spo/iking upon. 'l?htf-v hon! 'niom'bor thon , rpforrodtp.theBrldgotownp^vay, and it ia ? putio\i8tlmtwhonaddrofl8ing;lu8'coti8tiUionta ftt'Alb'ilny ho,ha£Utato;d that ho would vote ' for that railway, though nf bpr ho got olootpd to this Houab ho! wriggled out of that olootion pVomiao and broko hla i pledge-— tho usual thing with tho hon. momWv . Ho ftjno spolco in «ppbsitio'u'to'''lho.'.ProinanUo. harbor works. In'faot, itaopmod to . mb ' lib* Avda ' oppoeocl to overy thing, ytii\a\\\ ,th'd .Q&yovnniont.; proposod. That was liia lirat start. Thon in .'Yogurd to his attitude on tho Mdrtotitlon Question, I ^ would liko to rqad,.fpr',thb information of this Houbo, what tho hon. ihembor Bold at Albany whou Bpoaking a&' a candidate sookhig tho 1 v6tos of olootora. This o4raot may not bo so strong as something 1 shall toad further on, but ib ahowa pretty oloarly what ho thought whon asking for tho votos of ojoctora. Ho said s— 11 You umtrtvomombbr'that only loot aeacion of 'Purlianionttlioypasaod an Aot which Boomed ?* to moot with approval. Now, I Bay, boforo |C you attempt to do any tiling mcro with tho M Bduoation Qucation, givo that, Byatom which K you havo uo\v'Jntroduood a fair trial. I, for 'ono, am in favor of loaving thQ\Byatora aa it M exists alono.' la tW hon.; mombor leaving . it alono to-night P ' ?;.' ?;''lS 1 Mit. Lhakbi Norbooftuao y.ou- won't leavo Tun PREMIER '(Hon. Sir J. Forrest) 1 Oa 1 ho 13th' Novombbr, ,i8H- this ia what tho Via. ^wpb^Bftid^n, this ftouao, ftf tor I had LvlUod hiuToh his inconsistency 1— ' Whoh I . \- \lw.tiiTQd'u\yaolf upon tho hustings I aaid I waa 'i 1. favor. of, leaving tho Education Quostiou uinci I say so now. That la my opinion ?;:.Ui!l. Am I &ou-; koonsigtont, whon I riao , ' .u my placp this ovoning and toll mombora 'uiiutl intend to ^aupport tlu« amondmont, '/ijooauao Iconeidor tho UiU bofore us pro ?Hf)(ui03 a material 'nltoration. in tho,. p'rosont , Kuw? Itk boQauaoltiuakos an alteration in '??;thq prosonVlaWth'titl shall voto against it.' IIpwont,on,tp :say,.(iu: tho,B{imo upoooht 'I ',havo liatonod with intprost to tho. romarks 'madu) this ovoniDg,.to^'n'otWug that I' havo ' bo, far heard has compollod mo to altor tho 'opinioua Whioli I oicproa^ed 'on tho huatinga, 'in favor of loavjngi /{h'o.,'tpro8ont systom ',' alono.' , ? Is .^tho; 'Uojij; moihbor loaylng it ' ftlono to-night P Ho wont on further' to say ; ««I al\9ays'V^oroi»od'.;;{hat,;!all.tho Assisted ' Sohwla (vslijod for vjai^? bo'loffc alpno in tho « finjoymont'of \yliati:tyy :a'r^ novtf vooeiving, ' I; no.Yoi'i '.until X oainp ii^jio /this , House1 as a ' m9inbor,.''un'dec8tood ? :tha|j; tho Assisted ' ' ^ohpolflvforp ^.pr^ing o/tfVf(»i;aninoroasodgrauti ?'..,'? .' „ ' ;''!Lt)av'o tho Asaistod Sohooln alono.' Jlo' won't* oav^ain'. to, aiiyj ,^I. dosiro to bo w'trup# on; tjhis^o.caslo^.jto my olaotionooring 1 uttoran'ebs.'. Ha/ tho ' hon. -i&ipuibor;'' tfuo to hid- olootiohjooring ultcranco^,. to-night P Ho alaoBaids^Thd rronii6i;.may laugh,, but ho ?'caunbV'show that 1 am not tivuo to thorn, »? I declar,^, ' nga'iu ' tiia) ; what ? ' I said in 'Albany, wa3/ thaji I am' against any «' alteration ? ' o(, , ? tlio , 'prosdnt educational Msyatom. , ; , .. My djosiro ia to aoo ' tho syatom- continue, ft'nd'fpr that roason I 'intend to 'support, this' aniondmont, which '?' ]oavos,thb 'Assisted iSohoola oxaotly in tho ' Baino poaltion as they aro. in now.1' Is tho hon. mombor wlahlug-'tohavo^thiB; ayafcem con tinuod .to-ni^htP The lion, mombor ia silent oii ?'tiiiat. lio' fu'rthoV wont M' to say s 'If ovory'ii^'mbor is:n,s .Jtruo to his plodgoa aa ' I ain—if mombors opposite woro as truo to 'thoir'plddgia1 da I am—thoy would rathor ';loavo -this) quosVion 'alono and not eoolc to ' tnoddlo with it, That iB what I dosiro to do 'arid1 that1 is'.wjiy I iiin; going to vote 'for tho ' araondmont.' . If tho, hoii;. mombor is not ashamed of having spolcon in that way, twolvo months, ago, and of speaking, as ho has donq to-night, thoh it iB no uso my using words in regard to ftimj. but il may bo of uso that I should Bhow to monitors h'oro and to tho peoplo of tho country that ' tho hon. mom bor for .Albany has -brokon his plodgos given . to. his oonsUtuonta 'and his plodgoa Q'ivpu to thin Houaoj and thon, if thoy wiah to allow tho hon. mombor to got iiito thosp Boats, whloh ho is using ovory wndcavor to do, thoy will kuow what to ox vout fvom him. I do not intend to Buy muoh jnoro.. I rbgrot I am1 not in aa good trim to nlyht for Bpoaldng as I should dosiro to bo, ? although itia an oasy matter to moot an attack ?iko this from tho hon. mombor, booauso ho , Jv.ya himsolf open to rotor t in a very oaay way. I do liot know what th,o hon. mombor thinks -.[' iiia motion on this matter, but 1 should bo (Wliamod if I opted in. thftt . inconsistont way. I juivo boon- a good many yoars in politiioal lifo, pa you all' know, but ihavo novor gono back nnd twisted .right round frqm what I had 1»-M at a pvoviona tiwo. You may look through tho'Hausard roports, but will not Jiud .that I doliborately. turned round within twolvo months on what I- had previously said pn any quostion, I think tho hon, membor's 'jluty, if ho has so ohangod his opinion, is to go ho has brokon1 tho' plodgos ho' gavo to thorn, and7ot to-night ho'iisks;1 us hbro to trust him. '? Is any ono going ''to trust tlio hon. mOinbor ' who breaks his' word iii tho short spaco of twolvo months P' ' Is ho ,a iria't to bo isntrustod with tho Go'vor ninofit of ' tliip obuntry P ' I flay ' ho' is not ? 'a Mfl^ '.porsort. ; ? [Mb. 'Ltsakhj : I am thoroughly ? dono;]' ' Ho coiuos hbro and v oska , this ;'( ' Houso ' , to '' follow him in tho yory opposite 'dir'ootion to what ho advocated last* year.' I oau vory woll undor' stand that a manmay ohango hia opinion ou a quostion— that is 'right enough— but thovo is a difforonoo in changing an opiuiou. If tho hon, mombor had booh tho fojlowor of some ono who was loading in 'tho imattbv, and who had ohangod his opinion, tho hoii. inembor might thon bxouso hi maolf^ iu apmo'doaroo for follow ing auoli d'oluiiiB'(Tj'bu'4! tlio hon.' moinbor is not oontent to follow tho wUdoni of tMhon. momboi1 (Mr. Randoll) aiid'tlloao whd'iiit hoar him— ho wanife to load, and ia hot -jontottt to follow. Ho ruahos into tho fray, and Uybi'oaking all hla . plodgos given, not 'only' ^ on iho 'hustings, but also to member's of this Houao and to tho country, ho ia now trying to load, on this quos« tioni I havo said all'. I have to flay. I hopo hou.momborB tyill riot' regard tliia mattoi1 in tho light of' a. roiigldus tjuostion. Tho Govern ment aro willing to do'al -svith tho Education Question) and if ?' tiicy panflud any raoaua to allay this agitation that ia going on, this aottingofplassu'gainatblasa/ana;^ _,,. ono agfc'iuBt'anotKb'r^if tlio Gbyovnmont cau ', 'do anything to! allay this 'cliflsoiialpiii -vliioU ' his1 arlson only.' duririp*' the hat year or , Wo, and whicli hoa boon slirrod up by s^mo . oliio'ih th'o country1 who is trying to put dla- ... ' 6onBloh;'botwooiv 'dJiiovont. ; s'ootiona , of# tho '? \ cbnimuhity-iii th'o 'Qovorriinont'* oan,^ ^lo 1 anything, to oWoop that dissohsloh away,, and at thoBambtlmodo justice and right to. thoso who havo built up^ thdlr ihterosta uudbi1 tho 'law of tho land, {hen no ono' will bo moro ' anxious, thik I tiiid ;thoBp associatod with mo, ' ' to try and bnhg t|»vt gro(vfc good to pans. MbV ILLINGWOIiTHi! .! Tho' logio of tho PrbraioV amouutSi to ' 'ijhis, ..^iftji. -jho hon. ^hombbr'fop A'lbaily'ia. iu'oohaiateiit, thornforo it is 'closirnblo td.igt'tho p'rboonti oyBtom of ' Eduoatiori remain 'as it is.^'Tha connoptlon liijttyiton tho iirbmisoa; a'tid tlio cbndluaibn is Abt vory dear. ^Idosirb to'opoak to this , quoation altefjothPi1. apart, 'fr'pm tl\o auggoa tions' which .liaVo' . boon '.thrower out by tho 1 . Promlor, or' ov on 'by ; tho inoyor ' of tho motion . Prinoiploa aro priijcjlpltS^, n^na^thoy -iro for ordinary as wollasTfor oxtra'ordinliry' occasions, I havo -boon fighting- thid* question for 30 yoara.'aud I'havq not'.como to Western Austva'Hk to go: baok'upon-pi.'inciplos Ihavo v always contended for.plflowhoro. I am uofcrising In my '^looo1 io-nlffht]-ib1's^oa^ to'tfifs motion ; for tho pni'pdso bfjouptitftfttc! MIuls^. ,,' Tho ,; quostion of iho ' Ministry; ' it*'-,, wiiji ' inQ,(' a' yory , ?86c'oudary qu'ostio^to ihis'queatioiii \ an^lf tho ' 'Hon. tho Proiiiio^tliinkV-as Lio lias atihp'uncod 'an'd'hoa absoluto^U'tcit jo'-nigiit, 'tha'lj 'tho bbjooVwliioh I Bhb'iiia.havo hi^supporUng' the ;nlotlon n-}w bof-|rV,tiio /Hoiw.Q,;;i3: 'fecoaiisb I dbsiroasbatupon1 tlfb 'Trkaury-benchoa, hd; hovor mado a'gron;to.r;'ini8tiiic6 Afii' iiiia ylifo. I havefnofc a pavtlolt} bf'rtnibitio'n to sit, on tho Trbaaury Ijonohos j'a'ivd' !thouj|h 'tho Prqiuior ?'smllos booauso iojlooijnoti tioligyo.tt,. that ia ho ' hiuoh tho w'orao for liimBolf; b'^aiiso it la ' truo ? alMrtio samo, ?? iBut a'part fropi\tliia' question of vi)h0'Mlnistry(|l;iaosii?b;'8implf to dioouBs this ? motion on itsfmorits. ;; If a Vote of niino puts a Ministry out, ili'afc; is ^liito'' auibw/diary 'id tho question upon 'whiiih'I may a^bak or vote. I yam not looking afc'tho'-qAvbatioh' from1 that '. fltandpoint. I'tvm^uiiterly'iinooilooruod a'a to tho oon8oquotic6 of 'tho votb/i :givb ^ upon auy quoBtionwhefr:it:la';»i'qiio;8Uou Of p'rfticiplo. \- Lookingnt tho'i'iuoslibn 'aa it atahda,' aa alroa'dy roforrod 'to by: tilio^h'on. mouiW, for Albany, .wo; disouasod -tliolfEdvioht^n1(.Qn6Btion laat ? BO38iou, and a/critical vote was glvbii in which ,, frho,, ^iRi?,try-;,-iarHo .,Yory')he»ir- a '?'dofoft'li, A second, motion.'; camp ;))afoi'O! tho, Houso, 'in w^iohtho M^stry ovoio .^ofoatocl.} ancVsiiioo ,vthat tima thoyo-havo boon two '?bloctions-in tho .t country, which, dospf to nnytiUing1 tlvat any ono pan aay, wb»iQ,.,dlstlnotlylfowglit pn tho Eduoa tion Quostion. ? Tlio, roauljb/of( those oloptions, . if thoy aro to bo.^uhdoraiobd.at all, was tho direct voice of tho'ppoplo/.tta1 far as thoao two olootoratoB ato coiicornodj.(idyioi'3o to tho o6n . tlnuauoQ of tho'dual aystq'mL . It ia, aa I con tend, an inoffeotivoYBystom. ,;Wo havo como now to.astagoof thiacblohy'aihiatory in whioh 1 wo slwlJihavo to.ta'ko our'plaoo and Btand in ?liuo ..witlfo tho'. Bister cblonios. upon this aud many,.ol)Uo.r,,quo3tionaj and.aa 1 far as tho Othor portiflnp ftf Australia aro concoruod, tho lino which hftjR'bopn uecoptodbyMthopooplo of thoso .colouios i$ .tltftt tlio oducation- -of tho 'children ,8huHbQ'unitafltak6ni-'by tho State, and that ? tho educatioifjwhieh itf given shall bo froo, sooujfuyand couqiulaory. :Hon. moiiibora who ?Bit on .tho Ti- oaailvy boiidhda 'iaocmto boaur . prisod that, ??at tliia Bt'ag6,.'thdrd comoa a doairo to ohango & law which lilis Pxistod for 25 , yoav3. Ib it st'rangb^hat in tho population thatiiaa 'risen;, from ,88,000 to 00,000, andvis -stjll riBingithb.'Bi'bat.buik of 'thoao poi-soiia havo conio from othor colonies— colonies whoio -this question , 'had': boon; a burniug oho, and -whofco ithns. been '-fought out Wita raorits~ ia it surprising .thajj thoro ia; moro than on,o half of tlio ? pPoplo 'who havo',1 lately cbino to this '.country whp t^r p aoouatomod to and plodgod to a difforoivt aystom of oduoation, and that thoro should bo a doalvo for a chango P Doos not tlio Premier know jt/mt if tho voto of tho pooplo of this, country wdr,e takon to- day, openly aud fairly; raorp than two-thirda would voto for froo, sooular, and compulsory oduoa tion P If ho doos not ' know that, it is time ha did. ??: . ' : V:\ Tun PamaiiBBi you don't- know it any ?moro than I doi ?? ? . Mb. ILLmGWdRTH! Tho wholo quoatlon ia a matter of opinion, nnd my opluion is worth porhapa nearly as muob: aa that of tho Hon. tho Promior— not. worth quite as muoh, booauBO thoro is not as niuoh of it. Tho syo torn, howovor,, ia iiioffoctivo, ' I am not coh corucd at all. about tlio ? quoation of tho Ministry 1 and, as far- fta I am concornod, tho proaont Ministry can stop in thoir places till tho oraok of doom, if thoy will govorn tho country rightly. I havo no doairo to displaoo tho Mluistry unlosa thoy aro , doing wrong, If there, ia ono important quostion in oonuootion with.Govornniont, in thoso 'enlightened diiya, it ia that tho bhildi-on of tho Stato, ovory child in it, ribh an-| poov,. shall, rocoivo a, good, sound, practical pducatlbu,, Icontond that tho ayatom which osists, in.Wostorn Australia to-day is absolutely iuoCEpotiyo. It does not g^qtetlioohUdrbn a good, sound, .^nctical ¥' ? ':: ? ' ?? * duoation. And if ^his'.syfltqm, after having' . boeh tried for 25 yoai's/'ris' tlio Promioi.vt,ella ' us, can 'still bb' ? charged ?'witli;iubflloionoy,'j Buroly'thorbvifi nothing romavkablo'iu'dbairlng , abhaugo; .Tho Prbmior will reiiiomboi1 'that, '[ on . tho ? Addreas.in.Roply, 1 ' urgb'd that' this .'*' quflatiou shoiild bb' dealt:' with; I Haidthou, , and nay again lib w, that hovor ' in tho History „,' of this -ooiintry will' tliero bb a Ministry bo ciipabloi so fur aa their' strongth and position ?and opportunity arb concbrnod—'ubvor a Ministry strdngor and bottor able to deal with a cliJBoult quoation liko this, than tho proaout Miniatry ) and if tliiaia to bb a'diflloult'quos tiou, tlio present Ministry aro strong enough, ' and thoy ought to' havo coumfjo ohough, to faco this question, As to my own aotion, a£tor lmviuy denlt with tho quostion from that stand point, and allowing to tho Miuiotry aconaidor ablo timo for doaling with it, I como aud n»k tho Ministry again, ' Do you' intend to deal with tho question P' And to that I got an omphatia'no,' [Tub Pbmmihbi 'l! said ''Notatprosoui-,,'] Woll, that io au ompluitlo ' ' no,' for you did not glvo aiiy indication aa ' aatohow or 'whon you would deal, with it, Thon, to jualifymysoif in tlio 'poultion which I occupy to-night, I want just to oxplain why, at this particular time, I press tlio quoatiou on tho Housfi. Tha qiiostiou, as itp'rbgonts itself ' to mo ia thia i Thoro lmvo grown lip in this country yostod mtwosta In the dual system. Thoso voato'd ih'Vorost'a muatborpsji'bc'teljJa'm , ' th'o; last mttn' ih'thia country to .doal.'wjth sft . 'vo'stearigh'fcan'd'clb;an injuaUop'., I ,tako 'it ' that bofor6 thoiiinis'tr^bi^nginlho^ '. 'and boforo tiibydoolavo what' thoy' 'ittteh^'tb do ''' '^itli! tlib iiU'p'liiia. rb'Vb'mib'wiiibli .tl^py .p^ssoaa, ?it-ia' ri^rt?tO'ttrfeo;'on : t lid ' G'bv.o)muoi)i| thb 'abilriUiility^xif ; doaiintf' wltli';^ ^vastly! hii- ',: poriiiiitq uoa'tibn of Kduoatlon,' in ? oraor that ; thoy iii'ay appropriate as inuoh' of'thivt;.8nrpluB aa'm'ny b'o'udeesaai'y for'doing' ji^tlco; td tlio voAtod iutercats'wh'loh havbgrpwn'upu'h,dqr th'o ''dual iiyatem,-''! aiiy thia'to'ltl)b couutvy^j say this to thb' vaotvnfc' eliiilv of tho Iprombv— ' I eay this to .tho '.'Ministry: . tp^hiight i that tho primary object I hivvb jn bi'inging thia quoation forcibly boforo tho Hbuso at, tho .; present 'etago k that juotioo should bo done to tho voBtod'ihtdvoata, bofovb that, money,. pf tho . 'surplus is allotted to pthor piirppBoa, If it ' had hot boon, for that, I would, much havo proforrod to loavo thla...' question to,bo%, dia- ,. ? ouaaed later in th'o aoasioii 1 'but, Bjvtisflpd as 1 , am that thb 'dual, ayato'ni oaniaot. bo, mqudod . and must bo bndod— BaUofiodaa I am. that tho voicb of tho. country, ia abaolutoly agalnat ?? it— Batiafldd' aa'1 1, am 'tjiat '(ho syatem \fi\\\ go by tlio. bbard, tho flr'st timo.. .tho country iaa'ppbrilod, to onthoquosUon, ^ say no bottor oiianco tha,n,,-(hp',pr,080iit, w.hilb thoro la' a largo Burplua of rovonup to, .(deal . wjtli^oartjpo Qxp'pjijte^ tfl^isoioivnialcing; thb ' iiccocsftry^oli^ftg^whiip.rtM 09-lm, wliilo't^o Ministry, .oro^otroug,, and whilo_ they hayb 'aWlpiojQt mQ\\\qy, hyailablip for. dQlng fxisMooitaaii intorosts,,- I,.w,ouid;ill:o tiiiivt ,HiIb quoaj/lon, Should jjp disoiiasedi tonight (ibao , V^iY Q,^1.it?.moi-^8--r-thatc.^h^t]iups.Uow ,na t-f ,. ' Ifio Mi^la^'y ' alieulcl ?, 'bo^ilijft . ftivt .— and, aboVo all, things, tluit: tl.19 .quofltjoui; of i'oliglous dfjloronooa, should, bo lolt^ou^^My , doairo ia.to.loavo oujb .'tl/i'i^do. fflaups |, for/ tie ' far as tho Ministry aro concerned, ijliab(ls o.:red , horring ^Irawnovor thb trail, simply to divorti ^attenlioui Liko tho Promior's ivUack on tho hori.mbinbor for Alb1 tiny,' thorb iflVgbod, doal 'Of talk in;'it, but vory littlo Ipglo bearing ., on iho1 real question. ? Ono wp,uld' think, fl'oin',ljho arghmon'iiof'fclib Prpmlo^, 'that it ia bojj|oi',to - b'o wronjf'ifi''brdoi- to be consiston^.y%afli,1to' ? ? chaugo'ono'fl'opiufoniu^brdpi?,.^ bp right. I; h6po I afialfl'noyor Jio''^^11^ ilja^'ayatQin.i Tho m'an who' ohautfo'ir'hlu minul, oven thpugh', ? no clooa it twico a woolcif)^pcpaaaiiyv,.istho,mau'; Ibolioyb' in, ratlior than'ibo ij^in'iwlijo.Dticks.to,' ? ; ' hid''opinioh;.'f or 'tho sako 'of . ^conaistcinoy. ,. .^Loli 'us bo''oh'iilio othor aido oHIgh.y jp'tua'yindi', oftto tho qiiostiona '^liiolv arb rljjf|ijtVa.pf o,ourso'; ' if''thb''P'i-bmior' is'pVopai'od to say tho ,hou. ;i»pmbor for Albany io not olncoro in 'changing , iiu opinion, that will bo1 anothoi' ? mattoi1 i but ;' In tho oa*o of tho man wJio ohangoa hia opinion , and has tho oouviigo to' say so, ? ahd who stands . on .tlio Bido of right, surely it is bottor that ho jihould bo,iucoutjl8tontly right than that ho ahould bo consistently 'wrong. - Thoii thoro1 is tho objootion that this irf an inoi)porttmo timo for thia motion; booauao it iiiiaoa a quostion of waut of confldouop in tho Ministry. ' I shbiild liko to know a tlmo—Ihavo novor found it yot horoor olsowhoi'Q— whon it is' opporlunb,1 in '; tho opinion of, tho Ministry of tho day, ? to pro- i poao a motion of want of ooufldonoo in thorn. Will tho Attoruoy-Gohoral, for iuotanco, bo , good onoughj for onoo,' to glvo ua a dato when it would bo porfootly opnvonipnt to thoprb- . aont Ministry to havo a motion' of want of 'obh- ; fldonco brought iu against thotuP 1'e'vhtvps, ' in addition to ohoqaing tho timo, thoy would .- liko to soloot thp momborwhonhouldinovotVo., motion-^-iU which casatho motion might dcnuo on a coui)lp of.thoufland years lionoo.V' .Wli^ii- ? , ov.orl look |i.t this Mbalatry,\vhonbvot-rhoar thia funny, talk, I- aau romindod of ^tho^o oft quolodlinoB of Tqnnyaons-rr* ??? ^ ????..;..?- v ?.-.?. . ; Mon, may.come,-ftnd men rany-^o— , ' , ?..,. But tlio Forrosb Minicitryga on for ovor. ? '?'* , I .have no objootiou.to thoir 'Roihg oh B'o long . aa.. thoy. go right. I do -thinli iV'ia' itiifair— at' , ,i any*' rate,- I fool it aa -hu ' ihjustico— that ' booauao I am compollod to apeak hoi'b In dofoncoofa prinoipln I havo contended for during thirty years, I am to bo chargod with hampering tho Govornmont. '1 appeal to hon. ? mombors whothor any apPooh I havo dolivorod ? or any voto I havo glvoii has boon ohargoablo with any such motlvo as' that, I think ovou tho Promior will admit I havo givon support to thia Govornmont when I thought thoy woro right. I havo Bupportod thorn ovor and ovor again, and havo soon porsonal thanka recorded in Hansixrd for my doing so. To any, thoreforoi that I am eupporting this motion for thb pur pose of haniporing tho Govornmont or tp. jump tho Ministerial aoats, ia a palpablo ih juaiioo, and as euoh I tako it, Tho 'Premier says tliia i3 a quostiou that dosorvoa ' gravo consideration. I admit itdosorvoa gravo^con aidoration, bub will thoro bb a Houao in tho f nturo— ia it likoly that undor any f ranohiao in tho f uturo thoro will bo a Houao moro cal oulatod to carefully conaidorand justly deal ' \vith this quoatioU'P lam cortain that, if tho Ministry think over it, thoy must know thorp novor vmB 11 timo whon absolute justico. , qould bo dpno to'th'ia question niorb cbhiplbtoly than by the prdsont HoxiBO. ' ' , m ' „ ?', Tun PiJisMiKh s Youdou'tgivoua'timb. You awin auchri hurry.' ' ? .'' ',,''' iMu.- ? IL'LTNG^OKTH' :??' If wb, lm-|. not' iKOvyht tl'iln hiotiou for wni'di foil would liavo ?-; ??,?'.?-.-?' ?'\ ? :, *::?*:?*-? i. ? v '-? ?'????- ?'?- ?;' gpno bnfor;bvor.'» If bVbr'bhoro waa a Govorn mbut.'vieBirouH of. loaving, things , alone, on this .quoation, it is tho pibflpnt Govornmont. 'I do ;npb,thiukit ia at'airdpfllrabloto outer into .cortaiii phaaoa Of this quotation, for thp ronaona .I'havo'guggoBted'i Tho^Minifltevial qvostipn I 'jcar'o 'Mliing 'about. tTh'cf'roligioua quoatlpn is fonolhopp.:wb shall not /go into, for thoro is nothirig Ilirfte'tlioro than a contention of that kindv Of courso ' \fo 'oannot avoid, at times tho noooasifcy of :di«ous9ing questions from that standpoint, but in' ParUamont I hopo wo ehall ? think, iw- Httlo'-Sf ib,«a.vp9aslbloj and spoaklng thus, qwly 4«i',tbis, dqbato, I entirely omit all rofor.phco.to'thni.t quoation. !? havo simply to doaiwlth- thb-;,qi\oation of tho oifloionoyof a oyatoitt of od^ft'tlpn^yhioji will moot tho wishos of ?tho,-.ptiop];(rr,, avtjystom.bf education whioh moi;p,;,th'an iwb'tliirda.p'f tho. pboplo in tWa ooiintsir'how''nood,,lviid,Hftvo boon ocoustpmod to boforotlioy ofwh'o hbi-oi and whioh I oon« sciehtiov^y-bolioVB Wbrthirdsbf tho pooplo do airo. J fiaouUibountriio toi tho prinoiploa Ihold if I':wbro ;hot,,,to'l;Qupport. this motion aa ' it stands' j, and,, oousoqnohtiy, I rise early to spoak pn iho. question, and to say as littlo as I , oun Bay ? con 3'tatontly , with tho convlptlons wh'ionfjt'iold.1.;- ^Loaving out altogothoi' quos tided whioh mltrht' roiVnainful dobate, I say tho..- syatotni ' Jb'' i'nofflcibnt. ^Bayrthat now, wliilo wb iiayo a.flu'ancial aurplus, ia tho timo to malso an aUpratipn j':' and, .; before that bui ^lij^IaftUottibdi'lot xiB/fleal, and dodl justly and ^uUablyi with'tlioso Vp3'tod intorcata that havo ? ^jqTOjttp^.-^yion^^^eot.iu Vrihging.this niajtter-.boforoitho Hwwo^by a.qnoation p^ut to 'tfio Gpy'o'iinmorit odrly/in tho oossjon. was in ordor ihat'lt; might , bo ,-3lBouasod and (dealt witlv,, and'thae'tho I'i.Woi1'. might bo froo to dbnl witU'1 li pbrtieh.bf tho ourplus, and arrange raWglj- tebuo,;aiid'.jusfc'sofctlpmbntpf thi.B qhoa tioii, taking propor conaidoration of tho yostod ?? Jntoroata^b.l'iavogl'ownup.,, Ji tVro had .bodn'.np ativplua to doal with, I would rathor 'ijayo ' iof tj -!tho VrjtJdUcatlo.n. Quostion to a lator pov%of-t|io,iyQ8klln. I Thatis.my,8olo,objoot ,|or prosaiivgf; tli;d lunt'tor: as I do upon tho pro* Hoht'.oooawo'hi',11' :?;? ,.;,? ???.. ,' .. M»rBAND$I&V; I#oulcl,,l}ko to Bay a .fow , worda |Uppn-thiB yaryiinpor taut Biibjootj whiph ', iq of ^y;0rv g'roat;lmportanoo to xnyaelf, and in wjiipk'l ?ii'ay.o .takon, a;, somewhat prorainont .tiWt'&.rb'^ardiothb'; abolition of, tho dual byatom.J ''',$? i),ra;quitb'iAJaccordwlbh tho opin . ion -that (lib tinioiiao^rrivod whon this quoa . , tioi\ ahoui^'becoiveidelrod and doalt with. I v'f^laBfl^d'tho' bpluibn. of tho country ia ;wiat^iujp^v;o^y,'dV'iftnd\growing stronger on Aty q^oatipft jf B,n|;,I ' beljovo, thosp lion, mom- . 1 bpra.Nvhp.' hav^qtiotbd tlio rocont olootions aro v right/in^ tiaylhgihoBoblootions woro fought out ? on this' question. . Iiido'od, somotimoB whon I ^nlctoyorith^toattoiv lm, iflurprlood at tho . ^ajtJd.aclvrtnoo't^iH.^itfaU^n 'haa mode in tho politica of thp oountr'y j ahd:I ftm suro thoro willb4o-!oa,tlnttpdiagWlbu-ftT\d strife in tho 'colony, if- ijhia quoatibhiia.hpt doalt.wlth a,t tho /?^eapni^piqrtpj'lijv, , /%%, is',.wQ]l .jtnown, ljo.yr. ll,,o.yp^,,.tl[iat1 ,'t; M ^iov^: tho,c,^tlp.^ tabled :by' ',;j;h^i\Qhs -. niopibor-:^oi',,!(A.lbany, ia , not . tho ,.$i$'!)$i*W}tykx-$$fi- .^^Jo0', £ , ^°* ? fta ,, siji^.f{ly. ?'?'??aail ,j(joj.'dp.ps^,that1 tho quoation ^.a^jii^*,?/^^^'^^! ' ^ i ??$ M a^pgly. aa !tihp!lvo'J^ii(Sn^bor for. Nannino has qxm^od .'hi^spl} tp-nifflit that'tbo pro/iont ,Vi^ll^Bt^y;ii^,o J^fJ^t*1 ^at -poftl biou^. doal wlth_ifc, ' wliilo i.jfool'Qm^lly.fla 'sbrohgly that thoy havo arigWtpl'ohoooe'thftlr o.yfn timo, within cer ''tatfi,'l}|inltati,pua1 'i jjpeogntflo aiid(l iionor'tho ' poBitlbnhviiioh': tho Promior, himsolf haa takoh ^ upon fc'^iji qubs'tjion^it ia well known tbatat tho ' ?la^'*^pni(rai;oiop.t4op8 this waa not a 'biirning ? ''q^oftiW Jn trip cjjn8litubnoj[pgi to l^vny gvoat jv6it%':,I quito'atltajt 'that'HW blootidnfl in vl5brl^$ayo\iltpVod ^0 foivt'urbs o| th'e '^'ueabion valte^otliq'ri arh| . 1' bblipvo 'ihoy woro tlio' stArt ;';j(wg 'ipoint .of1 tflo p);t)gro8B ttathaa .B}n'co boon . ''njad^pii^laq^ostipn.,, .No dou^bt tho. throo. ' '''iijjatB'in'P^^^ppo^o'n op. thia .qu;ostion, and ^^iiiHt* ^iiioy'iirty ji -)iftd- iv^ltVfffO ? inftupnob oh tho !*oj')iriioh's and' foolWa.'of, tho country.. So you ?'wi^fliW'ih^^qjip^tin'-^ftor olootion in tho .cotintj'y \y,illl..-b'b-i\you'.'?ii,:'ittiia way, and. that . tHo'^O' bxpifosa.rpijs' of; opinion will bo advorso ?to' 't)\b'^'dual, ,'sj(8'tbm^jj,Jlndood, wo find that ih . a' ^acahoy, QCpurrinf? 'in a oonatituonoy of ' tlio'trpp'or HoUso, -oyon a Roman ..Cathollo cau'di^tQ iinot proparod to advocate a con 'tinufthob Of tiipsd»ji^8yatam--that ho is not in tifvo'r.pf itrthpufjlVftt tho Bamo timo ho is not ' qult'o in' f'avpHf adopting, tho system whioh somo'of ua dosiro, and ho haa niohtlonod a system fy America which I bollovo approaches Bcnio^hat noa'rjy1. tvp , p'iir prosohf Bystom of oi\n,oatl0.n, f : Itiiis booausp I bellovo tho viotory roally, ji'jia boon w^, and booauso I boliovo tho ?P6liro^b,'ii/hiatiiy iii'0'at'jh'baoht roaliBiug that ; tho cbuntry,is;doaii|iiig.thia bhangoj it ia bo ?oau9Oj!:tob, ''£$$ ''''bobvybon tho linea of tho '.?an.8w-s'i'''whlbl\' ,tKo Pwinilor haa glvoh to tho 1 question pf ^ tli.b(] jo n , - m qnibo r for Nannino, that '.thoy aro propavod,to,d,oal with tlio qubstlon by 'and 'by'' that I'th'jnic thb prbjo'ht'jnptioh ia hot ?'opporbunoV ??.'if can. quite -ftgroo ' with tho ' 'Opinion. . .ox^rbasod ,by tha Promler that tho ?questloV.BhpuldbpapiJjjoaohodwith, tlio groat ?'?'bat' ^rt^'ftiidiob^BlijdoraUon.'''''* I'givo' duo' Wolght . ?' to;t;hbl'Btato.ui'onf which :tho-Promiov has iiiado to-Higli't', that'.this isju, ayatom whibii hiia grown xipTindbr Sta|tvito,';law-and that it should bo approaibh^d dotibo^ately ;' thb'rofo'ro I havo no sympathy wlth| tlib dqajro to f oroo tho Ministry to -tako'Up tlijifl quoaUpn at tho fimo whioh . ia;/no,t!'1oppbrtu^o to tholriBolvea, Still,, 1 I .want to, , oxproaa, ? my' moat decided ?, ', bpiniphihat it will, be'.bhoir duty to tako up . thia^uOB.Jiipn, and tlj^Vthoy can do it with loss diaturbau'oo tp bho pojit-al rplatipns pf tho oplouyJthan.ifitwoi'o^ofbto tho noxb gonoral oiootionB,flhould,tho Ministry remain in power till then, as doiiDtloss thoy, Will, If loft till tho noxt olootlonathia will booomo a quostlpn that must , disturb tlib , .constituonoios throughput the opuutry,,and thon' it muab prompto etrifo ' apd dlseonsio'h amongst noighbora gouorally. I think tho proaout syetom is altogothor' out of place. k,i. . think, .it. is ' just a quoatlon of arrangoniiint. I hopo thoso who havo do«irod to retain, aaalstanco ior thdlr schools aro rpaliBiug that public opinion ia against thorn, and' ie': growing stringer' and atrohgor, and I hqpo thoy will ac,quioso in that opinion, and bo willing, tp cpmp.to itorms with tho .Govern mbnb'and^m'liamonb aa to tho oonditiona upon whioh tho aid now glvon, to thorn ahall ceaio..Thoy arbr no dpubt, and bvory lipn. mbmbow'will ljoallBd that thoy'aro, intbroatod and pught toi bo oonsidorodi and that thoy' ' Bhou|cl i)ie' dealb vwith fairly and oqultably. Ib ia'tybciavtBO »I think' thp' queatipn.' dospryba thp '?', f nll^^.^0UBicldVj%^g7i/-fili»1;-''Z ^hayo no'b'b'doiL ftl?lo .. 'to'ltvb'my adUoaion to ilio raotioh whlcH has ' boon plttcod feofdro the iHouBotofnifjhb. I did nob tliink It waa a subjocb whloh domaudod a O3ohitli)u of thia kind— a votoof no-oonfldonca iu tho JTovrost MiniBtryr-for tho. r,paspnB I havo already, booauao I boliovo thoro in in the mind of tho Govoniiuont at proaont a deairo to tako up thia quoation and deal with it at tho oarlieat opportunity. That ia how I road tho anawor given by thb Premier, and I hope I road it aright. Me. Shimon i Thoro is not anpthor man in thia country ronda it that way. Mb. BANDELL ; I quite know thoro aro many Pthors whp do not hold that opinion, Anofchor roaaou I havo for not joining my friond horo, who wlshoa tp fproo tho quoation to tho front with somewhat ihjudloloua haste, waa because I f olt that an advorao voto in thia Houso might joopardiflo thp quostion to fiomo oxtonb aud might poaipouo ita aotblomonb to tho ond of tho prosont Parliamonti and that ia a result I should be sorry for. My opinion ia that the matter Bhould be ,be, dealt with, at any vato, in tho uoxb . aosaion of thia Parliament. I should liko to havo a distinct promiso to-nighb on tho sub . jctt, bub I havo an impvoaalon on my mind that it is tho intention of tho Gpvornment to doal with tho question thin sosalon. If it is nnt, rlnn.lt, wlt.li hv t.Vin ftnuftmiinnnh in t.hia or the no;ct soasion, bho dolay will bo produotivo of great ill fooling aud a doal of misohiof in tho country. I' boliovo many hon. members on,rthe other aide of bhoHonaoarp with me pn this point. That ia tho way I would doal with tho quostion. I boliovo au hon. member will move au amondraont, labor on, »omothing to tho aamo offoot. I only rpso now to oxproas omphatio doairo, to havo .thiB quostion eottlud, and' I know no ono will dispute my honoaty of purppap, a id I have it vory uoar my honrt. Ib giyea mo pain, to apmp pxtout, bo have to vote against tho motion of tho hon. mombor fpr Albany and others, who I boliovo, aro atyietly hpnbsb in thoir desire pn bills quosbion, and wish tp forop Ib. I deslro more to vindicate tho position I oooupy with regard to this moticn, whioh I look upon not so inuoh aa dlrodtod to tho Eduoation QuoBtlon as It is to a voto of no confldonoo in tho Ministry of tho day.1 Mn, 0IMP8ON i I am vory glad indood, Mr, Spaakor, that wo shall be ablo tbsond through put bho country tho good nows of tho debate ef bliia ovpuing, and I know that it will bp with a fooling of satisfaction that tho pooplo of this colony will rooolvo tho liowa that tho groat .question of Eduoation has boon settled by bho proceedings in this Assombly this ovonlng, Wb iiavo bsen tqld, Sir, that tho Premier has roally promiaod to tako tho matter Up. So far aalam.cpnGornod, thoro la no doubt on my mind that the Forrost Govornmont will tako up anything so long as they oan stick whoro they are. . I was particularly atrnck by thb fact that in his opoooh tho Promior did not say yory ,muoh about tho Education Quostion, He abomodto dovoto tho wholo, of hi« important time, and to aacriflco all tho dignity of tho groab position ho holda to a full ftvo and twenty uilautos of solid' and liboral abuao dirootod against. bho hon. moinbor. for Albany, Tho worst of It was thkabuso wap uo^' olovor ?.^?thoi'o was no wit in it. Holoab;hiB'tempop , and scoidad. Thoro was a, goo^l deal of , wU»t I1 .might pall ' bho old ludy^' . about it, , and from any poinb pf view, it oannot bo said, th,ofo waa V.ory.muoh In what tha Hpu. tho Promldr, 'had Dftki ' Tho Promior BUffgOBtpd bho oth^i1 nifftft .. that tliol-a was littlo in olu argutnonts,.. b.ut^'o . hda, I am Bp'rrytb aay, used plpnty bo-nigMJL .k donotalbbgotherugroowibhhiin in.hiamebl^'da? ', Souiohew pr othor . ,1 liavb managod toT'drjfp aorosa an olUbiivl pamphlob, ontltlod/,,.JTI o, spboch by tho Hon. Sir John Forrest, K.C.M.G,1 Prohiiorfthd Colonial Troiisuror, to hia con ''atitiientB at1 Bunbury, on May. S3rJ, 18Q1,'5 This dblivoranoo to hia conotibuonta waa.jusb '' on tho ovo pf tho general olootion, and in it ho , preson^bd thp policy of the Go vornmonb, \yhioh ovbryoho' was .waibing for wlbh brpathloaa 'intei^sb. Ho had thoro reportora f.vm all ovor' tho colony, to bako down tho prooloua worda aa they, foil from his Hpa— aud gavo him tho' opporttinity of correcting them afterwards. Ih thia spoooh bho Hon, bho Promior vof crrod to thb Education question, and ho said, ' Thoro is another subjoot 1 would liko to touch on very shortly. Porhapa it is necessary I should say aomobhing on bohalf of tho Govormnenb with regard to our syatom of oducation, In 1871 ? .' You aoo how ho wont.baok to the old Eduoation Apt of England, although, lio. was careful nob to say that tho English Aot . had boon amondod twonty timoa sinoo thon. Mil. Maumion ; Not in tho way you want it. Thorp waa no alteration thoro. Mr, SIMPSON 1 Lot mo tell tho hon. mom bor that ho will find ib a vory wise policy to novor prophosy unlosa you knpw all about it. Howovov I find tho Pwrniov said 1 ' In 1871 the prosont Eduoation Aob was pasuod, and from that time to thia ib aooms bb havo workod fairly woll.' A littlo further on ho said tp hia constituents j My advioo. to you, and my ad yioo to thp pooplo of thia district and tho oolony is bb loayo bho principles of tho Epuoa tion Aob, as rogards bho Asaistod S chools, alono,' In hia s'poooh to-night tho Hou. bho Promier alluded bo blip aotion takon by the hou, mombor fpr Albany as bbingiuoonaistont. Newj to my mind, tho aobion of tho hon, mombor for Albany haa boon singularly con : sistont. Indeed I ven turo to Bay it has boon ? romarkably so. On tho othor hand, tho incon ? , siatonoy of blip Promior himiolf on thia ques tion haa ovidonbly boon equally romarkablo, In fact, Sir, I think that I am right in saying that ho haa preaontod us with tho moBt marvpllpua pxamplp pf 'Jump Jim Grow' bluit wo havo ovor had in thia country. Ho has nob only turned oub and turnod in and turned about, but I roally boliovo ho has sue coodod in turning himaolf insido out, Now, Sir, what I wanb' bp moro particularly draw abtenbipn tb hdro is tho f aot that we have roally had no doflnito promise on this sub joot from tho Hpn, the Promior. Ib has boon hinted thatthoro will bo proposed a friendly ftinpndraonttethiflmptipnpf bho hon. member fpr Albany, . Woll; lob mo say that therohas boon n good doal of ooquotting going on ,with regard to tho Education Quoatlon, Various gontloinon on tho Govornmont sido of bho Houso found thomselvos faoo to f aoo with awkward plodgoa to thoir conatituonts, ? Thoy know full woll bhab bho demand of bho pooplo of thia colony ia that tho true, tho froo, the ' great National system of Education must bo placed on tho Sbatuto.Book of tho colony,, and on tho othor hand thoywrant bo know how bhoy can havo thia and koop tho Forroab Ministry in aa woll. Somo of thorn aoomod to think bho Eduoation Question could go and tho Ministry TOtnain. Thoso hon. mombcra know, and I .would Uko, t.o.ittiDMM.totWli.v^oabUom, thab .pnco.tho popplo of thia country got hold of the , fact that apmq.moinbors woro likely to. flacri flco.bho great, .prinoiplea of .the National Edu cation system simply in order to keep the Min istry in^ a good number of thorn will have tho , opportunity, of, spending tho rcatof their politi calcftroor in a period of oblivion. Itisundor stood bhoro is going to bo an amondmonb— a diplomatic amohdraehb— drawn iip by tho diplpmatio mombera of the House for diplo- , niatio roasonB, and with. the object of allowiug bho Government tb climb down and moot tho ; wishes of, as woU aa sav.o bhoir Bupportova, ? Tjib Premibb s I have nob soon the amend ment. '.' / Mn. SIMPSON 1 ? I havfl heard of a man who .aaidhohadnbb soon a cortniu motion and ho did not soo ib fpr, tho simple reason that ho turned his hi$c'to tho man wue was roading ::it. ? ,' , ,.v' '.-,??? . 'TuBPftBiii^j It has novor. beon road to .;me, ., --'.; '?',,' ;,.?*???? ? ? lMo, SIMPSON i Aa I said before this amondmonb 'is ;tP bo diplpmatioally drawn up , bo that tho Proinior can mako ft otop down and allow tho'mabtev to como on in spite of what ho ' saidbofero. Tho' roason why the Preinior has msido oi« nroiioBoa to maUo aay promiaa is eiinply to bo found iu thofaob thab ho has had .toglyoway.te'thbpresBuro from thoso on his own aide. ,Thb Hon, the Premier has bep'n the rocopiont of. a lot of spuud advioo on'bhia question.' Ho liiia alwaya boen in bho habit of troating any advice I havo given him with a oonsidorabio' nmbuub of aoerbiby, bub ho haa to admit to himaolf bhab bho advioo glvon him , pn lihia vary question before tho Houao ia about .thoBonndoabftdvioohowaaovorgotin hla lifo, and I am pleased tl-at ho has f ouud it some whab advisable tpjgiyo 'a littlo attention to the vpice . of bho pboplo. The hon. member for Nannine waa quibo right when he said that tho growth of publlo opinion on this question, has beon marvellous, and I am moro than gliid thab to night wo (ird'ablo to send it forth throughout tho! country, that boyond tho question or shadow of doubb the voxod question of Education, has really boan. Battled. Tho dual ^yatom lia.8 to go. There cau bo no mistako, Mr. Spbakor; in tho handwriting on tho wall. It is bhoro plainly and unmisbnkoably, and ib tells tho pooplo that bho settlement of this , quoBtioh ia to bo oh tho baaia of equity, of jua tioo,' .and of rospoot to tho logal or moral righba of all parties who will bo conoernod. The mannor. in whioli juatico can bosb bo secured will bo a matter for the moat oaroful oonaidoration aud discussion, but whatever ia ' done muat bo done in a spirit of equity, libor ality, and jixstico to all. I have had a good , . doal to do with this question. I havo taken a largo interest in it whorovor it waa poisiolo, I , felt, Sir, that, in this matter of a national eystoni of JiJdncailon, I' had ft saorod duty to poi'fprnj., I havp endeavored to perform that „ duty withpujb flinching. Ono gjnbloman haa said to-night that, I ran an election on this quoation.dnd gained my. abat. Heahouidhavo, ? sftld that I run'tho question anv\ that it nearly ' lost moniy soat, for the simple veanon that I , wapthonpno of bhoso wbp. was flghbing fpr wliiit was regarded as tho losing cause, \ Tii'h PnjJMiiiiR'i You edld you wpuld sup p.ort tho Govorutuont, and that is why you gpt ? ?'in..'-,; ; ? :??? .'?,'.,'? ' . .. ',. - '.? Mr, ;: Sl^psbi? !?', I never ' said' nny su'oh 1 : thing; anil what la moro thoro waa a good roa : '3oh why I wpiild npb. Thatgppd reason wa3 ' In tho fact that I know tho Government was ilolng all it possibly, could to have mo defeated, ! although bhpy-raay.bp Burpriaed to find thab I kuoVHb. ?'? ' .' _.'??' ' Mb, LbakhV Why, you aro almoab as badaa .mo. . .-..??-.' '/',,,' ?' Mb. SIMPSON! I lmvo aaid I have, had a /joocf deal bo do wibli thia quoatiou. 'Well', Sir, I think there ia, o'riothin - bho Houso can do . whon bhp 8ubjocb ia beforo it, as it ,ia promised 1 it wtll bo(, and thafc is bo giro a moob gonorou8 rooognmon. of tho groat work deno by tho educatiohalinstitutionB that have boon ostab lishod and carried on horo in tho pnsb. Ih thin rospoobwo oannob bo too liberal. Tor my own part I vlow tho groab work done invthis direction with feelings of tho doopoat rospo'bb' and admiration. I do nobbeliovo it oan bo said of mo that I havo said ono unkind word, onp singlo unkind syllable, as to the oxidting Educational oatablishment, and I . roally knew pf np'diaftlility or pbataolo whioh ought to bo placed in tho Act bhab may poa nibly provont a happy \mion and a porfoob con ocrd in tho matter of tho oducation of tho wholo of tho oljildreh of this land. An idea baa; boon brought forward—and I can only regard it as on idea bhat has boon imported hero .from tho ..Pld world—that ovon in a national syBtem of education thoro shouldbo placed invidious borriora botwoonthe children but this could not bo so in thia colony ' aa the thing ia bent, so ia tho treo inclined' and if thoro wore any invidloua barriers to keep.tho ohildron aparb frbm each obher ib would mean thab a bad fooling would grpw up between them bhrough bfo. Thoro Bhould bo no bar to thp harmonipua oduoation. of thp youth of this colony. Thia subjoot waa rofprred to.pn . onp ocoaaion by a man who was greatly c'onnootod .with bho progress of this ques Won in Australia. In 1881 Sir Honry Pftrkea aiiccfloded in carrying bhrough tho .iSIow South Wales Parliament tho prinofploa which tho great majority of tho pooplo in this colony aro fighting for now. In roforring bo tho buccoss of bho Acb in the colony, blip groiib legislabor I havo reforrod te said: 'Our Byatom ia so complotoly non« ?' sootarian thab any parenb— lob hia faith bo ''ffhatpyoritm.fty.bo— can send his child to tho ' public Bohppl withput tho alightost foar that . ' hia child's faith oan bo tnmporod with. And ' whab mpro is waubpd P And I must say a word or two— and I say bhem tho moro roadily booause I boliovo thoro is a vory largo propor , tiou of this community belonging to tho Eoman Catholic Church— I must say a word pr ',twp with veapoot te Pur Rpman Catholio ' follow-citizona, I cannot comprohond why ' Eoman Catholio pavonta cannot send their ' ohildron tc our. publio sohoels. .... 'I cannot boo, when wo havo of necosaity to 'grow up together to porform thooiimedutioa ' in aooioty to derive at tho aamo onda of lifo— 'I cannot comprehend how it nood intorforo ' with tho rpligioua faith pf the Eoman Cathp ' lie child , when ho attends sohool to 'read, .to sum up ,flguro3, to, understand 'a littlo of tho googruphioal foaturea . «« of thp oavthy with Protestant children— 'how that -can unfit tho child, for rocoiv ?'. ing. liia religious faith. .... . Wo 'nuiflb rub., shoulders togothor, wo must . 'work in' tlio samo workshops to/i.othoi', wo M.mnat follow tho samo plough, wo must max ' ; 'bho aamo ahipa togothor, \yo .muat use. tb- ' . , 'same toola in orouting our houses togothor—' ' and why should not our .children sit sido bj 'sido in boing taught to roadp' Thia i( tho spirit I should liko to aeo impnrtod into the public schools of tliia colony whon tho Govern' mont bring in this moaauro as thoy havo pro* miBod, and ua I boliovo thoy intend to. I would also Hkb to say thia, that I am vory plonBod iudood to boo tho efforts— and tht successful efforts— made by tlio Minister ol Education to extend aud impvovo^ tbo system now in forco in tho colony, Ho haB done good work, nnd In'id the foundation of work whioh wo will find to bo invaluablo later on in thi hiatory of tho colony, I am glad to boo th« notion tho ilouso has takon on this subject to-night, and I cunnob holp saying that by securing thia National System of Education— froo, compulaory and secular— for thepeoploof the colony, wo will, have done tho greatest publio good ovor accomplished hero, tho ?? . greatest boom ovor written iu tho Statute, books of tho colony, and tho brightest page of , tho Hunudrd of Wostorn Australia, I wpuld liko to .look upon tho schools under thia new oy'atom of education a3 intollootual Rranario8 through whoao open doors would flow th« streams of enlightenment, of useful knowledge, of powers of invention, and of manufactures, soi that in tho yours to como our children may be a orodit and woll worthy pf tho groat Empire to which wo bolong. I congratulate tlio country on having a man whoao rogardi for tho publio iuteroafc was so groat that he had tablod this motion to-night and hnd been bho ' aotivo moans of compelling tho Forroat Gov ernment to acknowledge the fact thab tho demand of the, pooplo is that this much voxod question should bo sotblod, and . to promise that it would bring in a Bill to prpvido for tho introducbion of the Bystom bho peoplo of bho colony are demanding. Tue COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. E. Eiehardson) i I do not Intend to oxtond tho length of this dobato in any sorioua dogroo. My action on thia quostion at proaont, and tno position I havo occupied in tho past in relation to it appoars to havo struck tho hon. mombora fop Albnny as being somowhab curious, Ho says ho f alia to soo how I can reconcile my past action with my preaonb position. All I can say, Mr, Speaker, is bhab if my explanation is as inefficient, huno and miserable aa tho ono ho pub forward bo oxouso his own iuoonsis* tenoy, I ahall utterly fail torooonoiJo my pro- ' aenb poaition wibh my pasb professions. The hon, moinbor appeared to mo tp studiously avoid the pages of Hansard, Evoryone else appoars to have also avoldod Hansard on 'the subject, I am going to purono a different ; courao andprpposo to quo.to Hansard, oven if ib is against mysplf whioh I knew will give tha hon. member for Albany ovory satisfneblon. Tbo fireb occasion I had anything to dp with a voto iM tho Eduoabion Quostion waa in con* ? nootion with a motion brought for would by tho hon, mombor Goraldton on Ocbobor 8bhj 1804 Tha hon. member thon moved. 'That, in the ppinipn pf this Hpuso, it is undoBirablo to further oxtind the oysfcom of State aid to Assisted Schools, and I saidi— '1 do 'nob knpw thab thorp is any roason why ,'J iifombdrfl ahoiUd givo a bllant vote oh this ' question, if ib is pnly just a fow words tp sot ' forth the roason? why wo intend to voto for ' or ncninsfc it. I tako nartinular nnto of tlia ' tenor of tho motion, and I find that tho crux ' of it ia containod in the bwo word&, 'further ' ' extend'— that is whether tho present system ' should bo further oxtondod, Whothor tho ' raobipn gpes far onpugh ia a mattor of opinions ' and I ctumob enter into that question at ' prosent. Tho motion as ib stands afflrina ' that ' it is undoBirablo tp furthor extend tho ' ' Bystom of State aid to Assisted Sohools.' : ' Therefore, I tako it that anyone who votes ' against bho motion votoa for what ia tanto ' mount to saying that it shall be further ' extended. I boo no gobting oub of bhat, It ' wo cannot affirm that ib is nob doairablo bo ' further oxtand the present systom, wo simply ' mean to afllrni that it Is desirable to further 'oxtend it. I think ib is woll for tho 'Houao to conaidor bhab poinb seriously, 'nob only aa ib affects tho prosont, bub 'alao bho fubure, for wo are nob deal 'ing alone wibh tho present, bub also tha 'future, for wo are now dealing alone 'with tho proaont, bub bho further ox ' tension of tho prosont ayatom.' When I voted in favor of this motion that it) waa not desirable to extend tho State aid to |t aaaiBtod sohooli, I supported a principle whiob I again affirm now. Tho next time I had th-i oppprtunity tp say anything on bho question was whon a Bill was brought iu to in oroaso tho granta to State and Assisted Sohools by a largo amount, I thon Baid:— ' I do nob intend to say much on this aub» ' 'ject. Ibis ono thab Has boon bhroahed oub ' on aovoral occasions. Ideniroto look at it «' from a common aoneo point of viow, a plain ' and Bimplo point of view. I oannot holp ' thinking that tho rolation between tho State 'andbhoso Apsisbed Schools ia something ia ' the natuvo of tho contract under which tha ' State agrooa to pay them a subsidy of £1 15a# ' per head on condition that thoy comply with ' oortaiu regulations and stipulations, WhiU 'bhat argumenb lasts— and it is only a ' tentative or conditional agreemonti ' durable only bo long as Parliament ' connidevs it ought to last— it ought ' toboadhored bo by both bho contracting ' partioa, and I cannot for tho lifo of me find ' anything in this contracb which gives bhoso ' eohoola the right to expect that the amount ' payable to them by tho State undor its con ?' bracb with thorn shall bo inorensod upon any 'sort of coudiblon or under any cirenm ' stances.' lam still of that opinion, and quid [ firmly bo, boo. Ib is a propor argumont thab J tho poaition of the Assisted Sohools and tho State is very muoh in tho nature of a conbract. If they havo no loj?al rights no ono can say bhoy havo nob moral rights' undor this implied con tract, and, while I oppoao tho increaso, I would not dream of rutblossly taking tho subsidy or noting without regard to the vested righbs whioh tho Hon. tho Promier has properly oaid woro croatod by Statute That has boon my action in tho past. I flay that undor no oir« cumsiancos is it inconflistont with my action at tho prosenb time, If anyone woro to ask mo a direct qucation if I waa in favor of tha dual system of education I would moab om«' phatically anawor no, and I would go fur bhor and say that I am doing my uttormpst as a mombor of tho Ministry to got tho system ' , altered. Whatever iulluouco I havo had I havo used, and I do hopo it will Wnp wood tinrmm^immm immmmtu* ? ??i—miii'im iiiiwh ? mi— ?? vosulta. I hn-vo not found aiiy groat opposi tion so fav in furthering that ond. Tho did 'culty in tho way is really us to tho best way to bring tlio matter on. Wo havo to wikuow* l«dge that thoBO Assisted Schools havovosted rights, and that uudor tho Statute law thoy havo expended largo oums of monoy. Thoy hnyo noted uudor a contract, aud tho Govern ment cannot ruthloasly sovor tho eontiaofc ^ without duo find jusb rogard to tho vested In terests. Not to do so would bo asking tho Government to commit a greater broaoh of faith thim it would cavo to porpotrato. Ano ther consideration ia m to the timo,und whon any alteration should take placo. This was tho main question that influonoea tho conaidorav tion of tho Ministry now. Tho hon. inotubor [ for Albany and tlio hon. mombor for Qorald ton, havo both doolarod that tho growth of ? publlo opinion on this question haa boeushnply nmrvollous. Tina in itsolf la ample pvoof of tho justification for a ohanjjo in1 tho idoaa of tho MinUtry on this question, Thoy, too, must boo tho hand writing on tho wall, liko other pooplo. 'Whllo tho question lio dormant, and whilo thoro 'was no agitation on tho part of tho publio, or docidod expressions of opinion, tlio Gov ernment did right to loavo tho question alone. Tho momW for Albany was himself in favor of leaving tho auhjoot alono a littlo whilo 1 buck, Aa soon aa it ia ovidont that tho 'majority of tho pooplo desire now legislation, 1 tho Ministry would bo untruo to tho country j and untruo to thoir position if they failed to rooogniso tho position. Tho Government has given careful thought to this quostion, and if it was worth while tho Promior could produco documentary ovidenoo to ohow that ho had tho mattor undor his sorioua consideration '?-. ' boforo tho quostion in rogard to it was askod by the hon. mombor for Nannino. I am pro pdrod to say for myself that if tho proposal of tho hon, monitor for Albany was a direct orio in favor of tho. National Educa tion' Bystom I would vbto for it. That would bo acting in aeoordanco with ray private opinion. Although ono. may bo a mombor of a Oabinot, thoro could be no reason tm a question liko this Bort, why I or any other mombor should not oxoroiso our privato con victions, TUero ia no dissension in tho Oabinot ovor this, lor my own part, I am fully satis fied that tho Government dooa intond to bring in a moaanro to be in accord with tho wishoa of tho Uou3o and of tho pooplo. What I would liko hon. members to boar in mind is that they must bo ready to accept com promises. You find that in our everyday dealings thoro tiro all sorts of compromises bo 1 ween mon, and thftsamo thing had to apply ; o politicians. ?Mu. Leakh s Tho Promior donios that. Tiik COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS {Hon. A. 11. RiohavclBon) ; I think tho w- V«rt and moat pitiablo part of tho address o. tho hon; member for Albany is whore ho says ho has boon studying this quostidn for agroafc number of yoars without boing ablo to lnako xm his minrl. ' . . ; Mr, Ii.Linqwohtii i His ia a largo mind. V Tun COMMISSIONER OP CROWN LANDS (Hon, A. R. Richavdsou) i Evidently, and it occurred ' to mo that such a ltvvgo mind must .tako a groat deal of making up. Ho was '. mnuy .years' iu making up |»ia luind,1 and'thon' .it waa to chango it, Howovor, I am not going to. Iroubjo myself by copious arguments to ' attack individual members. These roerimin. atmg,chargos of iuconsiBtonoy do not do nny . .good. for. tho simplo reason that if mombera cared to do, it, it would bo found that no mom bor of:; tho llouae- vm consistent. Evory man thinks ho ia the only consistent poruon living, Tho hon. member foi1 Gotaldton was somowhat unfair to tho Ministry in his.- remarks. Ho snid that tho Ministry was roady to do any thing tho pooplo wishod, so long aait nioant , liobping. thoir Boats. Now, I don't think that is a fair construction to put on any chnngo of , opinion on tho part of a Ministry. If a Gov ernment ohaugoa its policy because thoro is a demand on tho part of tho publio for certain logiBlation it should not bo charged with \- lhauging its opinion luoroly to romnin in power. It might just as woll bo said that in ' i \ny movement of tho Opposition tho solo reason. for it would bo to try aud got tho 'Ministerial seats for thomsolvos. ,, Mr, Sisipson i Tho Promior chargos us with ' trying to do that about ovory twenty minutes. THE COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. R. Kiehardson) , Thoro mny bo Gomolhiug in tho charge How eyor, ns I said before, wo waut to doal with this great question in a satisfactory manner, . find that is not going to bo dono by hon. members proposing a voto of want. of con fldonco in tho Ministry. It appoars to mo that thcBO who support this motion aro quito prepared to risk tho sacrifice of tho principlo in order to got tho Ministerial seats. Thoro nro many mombors of tho Houso prepared to . ( voto strong on tho Tiduoation Quostion if tho ibsuo is put direct to them, but thoy aro forbid . iloing so by tho roason that thoir support would jeopardise tho Government. It is sough to bo shown that mombors who do not roto for thio mo tion will bo inconsistent, but rb I'Baid boforo chargoa of inconsistency do ro good, and members havo a porfeot right to say thoy do nob approve of tho manner in which tho question has boon brought forward. It appoars to mo that when certain mombera wore elected with plodgoa on this question tho hon. mombor for Albany mado himself a leader andhuo adopted what I think is r trick in order to mako other mombors npponr in a falao position, If tho hon. member had proposed a substantial resolution on tho Education Question alono, I boliovo ho would havo had a fair prospect of it boing carried. It if not my placo to say whothor it would havo been carried. As it is no ono caii possibly say that if avotoistakon on the proposal of tho hon. member for Albany, and it is a vote taken on tho Education Quostion. Thero may bo somo who do not caro twopenco about tho Education Question who would voto to put tho Government out on any protoxt, and on tho other hand many mombora thoroughly otaunch on tho Education Question would not assist to put tho Govornmont out upon it, The motion does not gob to tho real issue, If thoro waa really only an honest desire on tho part of tho hou. mombors opposite to tost tho fooling of tho Houso on tho, Education Question thoy would havo brought tho subjoot forward in a vory dilTorent manner, Mn. Ilmnq worth : Many a Ministry has been defoatod on loss important quostiona, The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. R. Richardson) s Possibly 'wo havg. boou, Jlowoyar* what the hoar mombor haa dono horo ia to make it a quostion not of the Education Act, but whothor tho Govornmont ehould' bo kept in or turnod out. To mauy mombors thoro aro hundv--d of questions that jvppoar to thorn to bo of luoro burning intoroot than that of oducation. Wo must admit tho con viotlon that tho prosont ayutom of oduoation ia absolutely and truly obnoxious. If anyono would bo suffering undor poroooution, op undor groat dimbilitios, or if toolings woro trampled on, or if rolipious convlottons woro intovforod with, it would bo quito a difforont mattor i but ltlanotsuoh a burnlnp quottlou jihat should bo Bottlod or upon whioh tho Govornmont should go out, Here tho boot ia on tho othor log. If anyone ia ' likoly to Buffor it ii tho minority. 1 do not think that ia'tho wholo history of polities thero can bo found a oruio whoro a largo majority allowed thomsolvos to bo persecuted. In this mattor tho rights aud intorests of tho minority havo to bo protected, and when tho Government talco tho mattor up, all I believe thoy will very ohortly, I trust thoro will bo a careful, just, and honorablo rogard for tho interests of tho minority, and suoh atopa takon that no ono can suffor in tho way of persecution. I would like io impress this on honorablo mombora, that wlionovor tho quon« tion is sottlod wo want that nottlomoht on such a basis that It will not always bo rising up to lr.ootwa, Wo do not want tho wholo clamor and agitation continually arising, not do wo want any sootiou to bo in a position to corao forward aud oay thoy havo been harshly doalt with. Lot ua doal fairly and ovon gonoroualy witli those vthv may be affootod with tho hope , that tholr good'sonso will bring about q-i state of good,f«oling that wiilkst for over.,! Af tor tho quostion haa again quiotonod down lot it . rost, Whon wo prooood to so(ifclo this qucotion thoreiano reason why it should not bo pro ooedod with on a porfootly amioablo0 and friendly way, but lot it bo on. auoh a basis that thoro will bo ohanoo of raising , tho ghost of tho Education Quostion, or tho olightost poa-' aibility of any porBocution towards any who might boafloctod. ? K Mn. GEORGE i Mr. Spo.akor, if thp1 Forrest Govornmont will only look upon 'this dobato to-night in tho right way I think thoy will find thoy havo ovory roason to oongratulato thomsolvoa and tho country thay roprosont upon what has takon placo. If for ono thing more than anothor it would bo booauao it haa givon this Houso an opportunity of letting it go forth to tho country that tho Eduoation Question is about to bo Bottled— in fact, that it is already praotically sottlod— aud that tho basis of sottlomont ia to bo the fair, oqultablo and generous troatmont of till who havo any tproafc in tho subjoot. What I was vory Borry to seo this evouingthat tho Premier cannot ap proach a quostion of this sort, without l'ogavd ing a resolution as n personal1 attack against himsolf. Tho diatrlbo direotod against tho mover of' ' this ronolution wnn »i««f-/-ftnn«i«Tr Tf. 1i(\f1 Ht tin linn vi«f» An l\\\n question of oducation, and on a groat and important subjoot suoh aa this is, it ought to havo boon bondath Lie dignity to havo spoken in such a foolish, and I may oay silly way, If thoro is ono thing moro than anothor vory plain to my mind it is that tho Promior is himsolf rospouBiblq for this quostion boing brought up to-night, and that was by tho way ho roplied to tho hon, mombor for Nannino's quostiun oarllor in tho session, That hon, mombor, Sir, moroly aakod tho Govornmont if it .would bYing in a Sill to amend tho Education Aol by abolishing tho prosont dual sya torn and establishing a national system, froo, aooulur and compulsory, What did tho Promior say in roply to tho hou. mombor P His roply was liko mauy of thoso roplioa I got from the Dlrootor of Publio Works. Tho Hon. tho Promior fonoqd with the question, and that is why it haa had to bo brought boforo this Houso to-night with buoIi happy rosultR. If tho Premlor had frankly iuformod tho Houso that it was tho intention of tho Qovornmont to deal w ith tho question, whethor it would bo in thta sobsIoh or tho next sosalon, or any doflnito time at all,1) then, Sir, wo would havo had no nooossity whatoror . for tho motion of tho hon. mombor for Albany, and tho question would not have boon raised to-night. ThuTbicmibu i Quqstibn, . ' ; Mn. GEORGE i Ihavo B^tod uiy .oplnlou V and I havo -very good groundi for what I Bay. IfthoPromiov had glvou tho prppor, roply to tho hon. mombor for Nannino, Vo would not havo had tho question niisod uow, Tira Premier i You go too qulok for us. Mr. GEORGE i Vory posBibly,' for tho roason that I corao from a country, whoro the fight on this , question has. boon : raging for yoars. I havo fought tho question myself for a great portion of my life; and twoaty-ilvo yoars ago wo boat tho Bible Aid -peoplo on thia very quostion. , Tub Pkbmibr r Oh, that tfiiB in .England. That is not hero. ? Mr. GEORGE i I have only mentioned it to show that tho quostion ia'^no I know somo thing about. Howovor, wo ,avo now,,, doaling with Woatorn Australia and with tho pooplo of \Vootorn Australia and their ohildron. I, for ono, do noi intond to give aaUontvotu on thia aubjoot. 'I Binooi'olyhopo'no jnombor of this House will do so oithor. ? If wo have any viows at all, lotus bomou and lotua dooldru thorn. Do not lot us bo afraid to lot tho pooplo of tho country know what' tho opluiortb of tho lion, mombors aro on this subjoot. Don't lot its havo any boating about tho busli. If wo protond to bo mon, lot uu bo manly and not af,rald to say what wo think. Ono of tho loii'diugwritora, and ono of tho greatest authcjrHlos ou questions of political economy, haB woll areid that tho latter portion of a wise man's life is spoilt in cor rooting tho falso impressions oroafod in tho oarlior portions of his lifo; Whilo I xogai'd this statomont aa a statoment of truth, I fail, to see anything inconsistent in tho aotion of^.tho hon. inomber for Albany. Tho fact that ho had boon * years dobatlng this aubjoot to himaolf beforo ho mado up his mind, and- -that ( now he had sottlod tho quottiion; to his own satlafaction, and meant to aob upon, shows most conoluslvoly that ho bolongs to tho party of progress, Tho Promior, on tho other hand, has not boon progressive on this question but haB rotrograded. Tho Promior should havo shown tho same progrossivo spirit on this quostion that wo havo admirod him for in othorB. If thia agitation has dono nothing loss than that it has brought tho Go vernment to boo that tho quostion of tlio Edu cation Act muBt bo aottlod-^ond sottlod too on nn oquitablo baaia— much good will havo boon dono. It ia ono of tho bost .stops -vro havo takon towardj) soouri^o, National Svstom of Educa tion bo that tho ohildron of this country will not grow up ignomnt or liko littlo aavagos, and a National Systom of Eduoation must bo free, compulaory and Booular. Froo, Sir, bocatiso in a country like this poverty should bo no bar to a child l'ocoivlng ft proper odueation to At him as a futuro oltfzon j oompulsory boonuso it should not bo in tho ..powor of paronta to debar any of thoir ohildron from roooiving the benefits of a good education for tho suko of thoir boing ablo to earn a moro pittanco if koptavray from school ; and Booular, bocauBO you oan hardly find two persona who think oxavtly allko on rollglous quostionB. Tho quostiou of religion should novor intorforo with tho oduoation of our children. There hna boeu somo reference during thio dobato to tho two last olootions that havo taken plaoo, Ono of thoso rotuvnod my friond, tho hon. mombor for North Fremantlo, and tho othor roflultod in tho return of mysolf. I can thoroforo spoak fully as to tho fooling of tho pooplo on tho Educa tion Quostion, and I do hopo that this question will bo eottlod boforo another olootion tokos place. I say this, Sir, booauso tho great hiatorlo Church flghta tooth and nail for a continuanco of tho present system. I say, Sir, and I say it advisedly, for thoro is plenty of 1 ovidonco to support me, that tho reproaouta tivoa of that groat historio Clmron do not oaro one, bftt what may bo tho merits of any man who might como forward if ho will only plodgo himsolf to support a oontinuanoo of this dual aystom of oducation. If for no roaoon moro than thia ono, I hopo thia Aaaombly will lot its voice go forth that ib intends to sottlo this quoation and to for ovor hoal what rankloa at ovory olootion now, liko a fostering boiu Thoro can bo nothing what ovor in tho arguments that a National System of Education will in any way intorforo with tho roligion of any of tho children who go to tho schools. I havo yet to loam that it ia impossiblo to givo a child nn ordinary sohool oducation without interfering, with hi8vor her religious faith. That oven tho great church to which I have alludod do not think the system ia impossible is io bo found in tho way in which thoy con duct their own sohools, Mombors will find that none of thoso schools havo boon built outsido of tho controB of population. Look at tho Jarrahdalo school for in Btauco. That ia a school with about GO Boholars, and they aro of all denominations, and tho Roman Catholics do not Bcoiri to think thoro is anything antagonistic to tho roligion in lotting tlio ohildron rocoivo thoir oducation togothor, If thoro is no intorftronoo with roligion in tho country, why BhmM any bo foared in tho contros of population P I say thoro (mould bo no aoparato eystoui of edu cating our ohildron bocauoo of tho quostion of roligion,, A man's rolljyiouB faith is his own privato affair, and oomothing that should not bo intorfored with, For my own part, I do not oaro what a man's roligion is, bo long aa ho Jb fair and squaro in his dealings, and an honost man. I do not ask a man what his roligion is, nor do I oaro. Whon wo avo twitted with try. ing to raise any voxod quofltion of roligion, tho argumonts for suoh a contention aro found to bo absolutely untenable I do not intond to say muoh moro on thia subject. Any sohemo for tho settlement of this question will obtain support from mo bo long aa it ia a sohomo baood upon oquitablo conditions for doaling with those who aro intovostod in tho system now in forco, I would not oven boo tho prosont Byetem Intorfored with unlosa tho chango to bo brought about could bo soourod justly and equitably. In a timo liko tho pro1 sont, whon wo nro, na a colony, in tho full atroam of prosporlty, la tho fitting oppoitualty to deal with this quoation. Tho Hon. tho Pro. mier will shortly bo delivering his Budget Spoooh, and I hopo to boo a portion of thosur* plua ho will annouueo devoted to tho doing away of tho old syutcm of oducation. It lias booh said to-night that it is only rooontly that thoro lifts boon any great agitation on thia sub joot. Of oourso it is, and tho reason is vory plain. During tho last fow years our popula tion haa vory largely inoroased, and I might almost Bay that tho nativo popula tion havo boon ovorwholmod by tho influx of pooplo from tho othor, colonies. Thoso pooplo who como horo from tho othor oolonios, agitate on thl9 quostion for tho reason that ,'thoy havo aeon tho bonoflta, of a National Systom of Eduoation in tho countrloa whoro they havo boon living. Wo want pooplo with families to remain here, but wo cannot oxpoot that if pooplo are not ablo to havo their ohildron educated totally froo fromtho question of roligion. Now, Sir, I- think tho Promior will bo doing , a vory gracoful act, indeed, and ho will consolidate tho confldonco felt in him by mom bora oven on thia Bide of thoHouao, if lie. will tako up this question without delay, I, for ouo,' would bo glad to boo it, and glnd to aftor warda aupport tho Promior to carry out tho groat Bchotnoa for tho oontinuod advancomonfc of this country wo know ho has in viovr, I say Sir, that it would bo a mattor of great Batiafac tion, aftor what haB boon said hero, if tho ? Pre mier wo'uld doflhitoly doolaro whon and how ho intondud doaling with this quostion, Mr. LEFROTi I think Sir, that thia quoation of Assietod Sohoola and our proaont oystom of oducation haa boon thoroughly throahod out in thia Houso and through tho1 oountry on previous oooasloiiB. It is almost unnecessary for mo to say anything at tho proaunt momout with rogard to tho motion that has boon tablod by tho hon, member for Albany. I think, Sir, that tho motion is un necoaaary, for tho reason that in the roply givon by tlio Promior to tho quoation put by tho hon, mombor for Nannluo thoro waB ainplo to,indloato that the Govornmoab had tho raattor undor . consideration and' intondod to doal with it. It ia true the Promior then said that tho Govornmont did not intond 4o doal with tho mattor at that timo. It appoara to1 mo that tho words ' at prosont' indioatod that thoro niuob havo boon some intention on the part of the Promior to suggest that ho did intond to deal with the aubjoct later on;' Tho hon. mombor for Albany, in bringing forward this motion, appoaes ,to. mo to bo simply on doavoring to atriko.a blow at ,tho dual system of oducation. Ho novor roforrod to tho ques tion aa to whothei1 tho system should bo oithor froo or compulsory, but harpod continually on this dual syntom— that ia tho quoation of As slated Sohoola against National Sohools, Woll, now, tho hon. mombor for Albany asks othor hon. mombora to bo eonsiatont on this mattor. I could say somo things about tho oonslstonoy of soiuo pooplc, but I do not oaro to bo harsh in roforonco to an honorablo mombor who nits very olosoto mo in this Houno. So far an I am coneornod I propose to be diotluotly coiuiiotont. loamo into thia Houfio oloo'tod unoppoued and with tho confidence of thoiw who ol«otwl mo, I gave it an my opinion that wo should not attempt to doal any blow at tho dual nystcm of eduoation. I, shall bo cousiotont thbreforo in refusing to load my RBuiotnnco in d^nling a blow at that oyjitom aa 1« pifoposod in tho motion' of tho hon. meiubor. I considor mysolf, an Z nuid before, that tho quoBtion of tho hou. . member for Naimino,(ind tho roply that wao givon to tho question by tho Promior ia ontirolyuatisfactory, not only to thia llouoo, but aloo to tho pooplo wha aro intoreated in tho qup»tion( That this is tho oaao, I boliovo tho hon. mombor for Albany will oiwily ascertain whon tho division takes placo on hid rootloH, Thio will bo tho proof that tho roply of tho Prowioi1 i« oatisfac tory to mombor/j of thiti Iio\uio~'O-1, lit lcnfJt, to the majority of tho moxubowj. Now, the hon, moinbor for Nannino hmi told, no that tho eottlemont of thio qwHtion Io wanted by throo fourths of tho pooplo of thin colony. Ho says that threo-fourthn of tho pooplo, aro in favor of doing away with tho dual ay«tom of education. Ho based that boliof flololy on a calculation of tho munorionl otrongth of tlio roligioua denomi nations, Mb. Ilmnoworth i I did not. ',. Mn, LEFROY -. Ho soews to bo aoolroxia of pitting tho otvongth of ono donoiuluatiou against tho othor, for tho ulinplo reason that it ia woll known that tho numerical, strength of tho Roman Catholics la only about one fourth of tho total population. Mr. IiiMHawQUTUt I waa not uolng any calculation basod in that way at all. I wuo taking my calculations from tho now arrivals in, tho colony. Mr. LKFROYt I am apt prepared in this way to dual a blow at a church,, for which I, at any rate, have tho groatoab roopeot. Mr, IiiLiNawonroi. i Neither am I. , Mn. LEFROYi I* say, Sir, that Uo mattor to what religious denomination ono may bolo'ng, ono can at least admlro that church or having ono of tho mout wonderful organisations tho world ovor, ond I think that for that reason, if tho ehuioh is not so'poworful in ndmboro oil othor donomina tiona in this country, wo nhould troat it with roapoot, and that wo ohonld rogard and reapoot tho foolingo of all thooo who may bo opposod to us iu thoir religious crood. I would aloo liko to expr«,gy va j opinion that it has not altogothor boon duo to tho Eduottlon Qaoatlon that certain mombora havo rocontly boon roturnod to thiu Houw, '* but that tho roason ia largely to be found in roligioua groundg, It ought not to bo no/but in rocont olootiona a mau'o roli^lou' hiu boou au impor tant faotor in roturninir him. Mr, Connok : Yqi, that it io. Mn. LKPROYi Thoro id, \»nf6rlunately, grounda for bohovm# that tuo fooling I rofor to has nrifion throughout tho country, »hd hon, mombord can judge for thomadlvcn why thU fooling hna arinen, I t)nnk it io a most dread ful thing to do, or auubil hi doinjj, anything that will bring a oountry liko thiuinto rol igioun Btrlfo, and I am glad that tho Government fool with mo on thia question, Tho aovor nmont havo said that it in not piroipiu'od to doal with tho quoation at tho pw»nt timo, : and thoy havo givon rouaouu. With those voaoonu I urn povfootly woll luUlotlod. Theiio AsaUtod Sohoola huvo boon ur^atod by Statute, and wo ruuat havo tho roapoct for them and for tho law that brought thorn into oxlotouoo. An I naid before, I camo into thia Houaa plodgotl not to deal any blovr at tho prosont »yr-tom of education, aud thoroforo I oortainly cunnot vote for tho motion of tho lion, mombor for Albany. Ho hiw told iui to bo connia tent, and I am goin^ to bo conuiatout, Not only is tho hon. mombor trying to doal a blow at the dual system of oducation, but ho in tak ing an action whioh may poatjibly havo the effoot of arousing unrout ntul dioquiot through out tin country. I camo into thia Houao and took my seat on thin uido of it. I hold oortaiu viows whon I camo hero, and I havo conaia tentlyoxipportodthono vlowa. Whon thoaovlowa havoagrood with the propoualu of the Govorn mont I havo supported thorn, and when othor wiao, I havo voted against; t,ho GoVorumont, Mr. Luakh : Gonorally iu favor of tho Gov ornmont, though. m, LEFROY : I do not think it ia ia accord with common sense that, because I have takon my soat on this sido of tho Homo, lean bo twittod with doing something I have no right to do in this Houno whoa I oxoroiso my own opinion on any question that oomou before it, Thoro ia no noooaaity whatever for considering tho queotion of National Sohoolu uow. Tho timo haa not arri/od for a change. I can only say, f urthor, Sir, that! ciuno into thia Howie with tho thorough confldonco of the pooplo I represent, aud although I may not havo tho oloquonco or tho silvery tonguo of tho hon, moinbor for Albany, I don't behove that hon gentleman, with all hit) oloquouco and legal learning, woro to moot mo on tlio hustings in my own olootorato, he would bo f urthor privi leged to be in this House, ''.Tim ATTORNEY-GENERA'L (Hon!' 8, Bart) ; I do not intend to occupy the time of %tho Houao by making any remarks with a viow of ondeavoring to establish the conalutonoy cf tho hon, momboc for Albany in tho notion ho is now taking, I shall ondoavor moroly to bring the dobato to a fooua, nnd to explain to tho House tho oxaob, position of tho Govornmonb n littlo moro clearly, and, porhaps, n littlo moro in dotall than would bo gathered from the Htatomont of tho Promiov, I propose to toll tho Houso what it ia1 oxaotly the Governmont proposo to do on, this quostion. I must say in passing, however, that it booms to mo that tho hou. member for Albany has roally placed himsolf,, to flomc.oxtont, in ^ false, position. Having found that oortaiu mombora of this Hcubo wororoturnedplodgo^to cortaiu viows on thoEduoation Question, ho asauthod a lead of thoso who ngroo with him on this question. I would point out to the House, to the hon. mombor hiraeolf, and to thoso mombors ho is oiidoavorlng to load, that thoso gontloinon woro roturnod plodgod on quito a different point to tho ono th« hon. mombor for Albany waa roturnod upon. They woro plodgod to aboliaii tho dual ayBtom, and tlio hon. mombor , waa plodgod to lcavo it alono. Tho Hon. tho Promior has, to my mind, complotoly torpodood tho position takon up by the hen. mombor for Albany, who is now acting no inconolstont with Mb plodgo to loavo the dual oyotorn alono, Mn, Lbajl&i; Thoro wan no pledge. Tub ATTORNBY-GBNERAL (Hon. S Hurt) i Tho atatomout tho Premier mado to bin conotiluoiit* at Bunbury wail. tho policy of tho Govornmout on tho Eduoation Quention, Tho Hon, tho Tvomier thon naid ho doprccatod loliglouu quoutlomi boing ralawliu this country, and that until tlio Education Quoation could bo JfOgardod «a a voxod ono, hlo advice to tho pooplo would bo to loavo tho present oyofcom alono. Tho Govorumont havo abidod by that, and we would havo eontinuod to abide by that had not other pooplo who woro intoroatod in thoao Aiuiutod Schools miood tho question theiuuolvoa. Tho queacioa ling boon further raised by tho dlaouuiiion iu the Houno thio ovoning, and it will conaequontly bo otill f urthor r/viood through out tho conntvy. Whothur tho quoation will ronmin at thia point, and whotlior it will bo pomiiblo for tho Govornmont to abido by their determination to loavo the mattor alono, will ddpond vory largoly upon tho pooplo who aro immodiatoly conwrnod with the question. Whou tho pooplo who aro intoroatod in tho»o Auaistod Sohooln doairo to approach tho Govornmont and auk that the quostion might bo uottlod at onco, and that it should not bo loft alono, and when wo find, as wo do now for tlio ilrut timo within my rocolleotion, thftt hon. mombors on tho othor bhIo of tho Houso will bo lu acoord with tho Govornmont, then tlio quootion becomeii ono that domanda tho most oorious attention of tho Miniotry, Whon wo iind hon. ujomboya on tho oppoaito Bido of tho Houno ftgroeinjj with tho Govorn tnout that tho question voquiroa to bo approivolwd in a, mout curoful way, and that with tho utmost connidoratlou thoy should doal liberally and geitorouoly with tho intorcot* and logal vightu created undor tho proiont nyutom, thou I say tho Govornmont would Jx- wrouj? iu holding back any longor, or in uoglooting to '|{ivo oiu iuiui:itauco with a viow of uottlinu thin quoation nt tho preaont time. I uiiy tlion, if wo find lx-th pax'tiea otiklng tlio Govornmont to doal with tho quoation, I oliould liko to know why it boootnoii tho duty of tho Government to abido by what waa aidd on its behalf in tho flrrit iniitnuco, whon thoro was no agitation on tho quosUon. Tho Govornmont, whon upproaohod by both Hides, will have no right to rofuuo iU- aiifiittnncc towards arriving at an amicable couoliuiou of thia quoation, It would bo distinctly wrong to hold back whon both uidou camo to tho Govommont aud unkod it to doal with tho qncation, If tho Houno did not doairo tho pronont Gov ornmont to donl with tho question it could cturry a reaolution which would put soico othor Government iu. Tho Promior has not said that ho iu iu favor of tho continuance of tho dual uyiitom. All that ho nuid won that tho beat thing for tho pooplo to do, at tho timo ho wau tiponking;, waa to loavo tho matter hIojiq, Wlion tho qnostion is raiaed by both particu, why flhould tho Govornmont hoaitato to lond ita ft:jsint uuco P It would bo our duty to do all wo could to moot tho wishes of thoBO who aro concoruod. Wo would not bo acting in a proper spirit if wo did not do do. Tho in* tontions of tho Govornmout havo undergone a change, for tho oimplo rcanon that tho fcolinga of the pooplo seemed to havo dono tho snuio thing. Howovor, if both nideo aro now deair out! that tho qu^irtioKt nhould bo octtlcd and that tlio Government uhould net ns arbitrator, why should wo not conoont to do ho P Some of tho hon. ntouibora oppooitoworo quito ready to Ioavq tho quention nlouo themoolvcu until thio reooiit Agitation. 'Ihu hou. mombera for Nuu nino, fox Perth, for Goraldton, and for tho Mur ray, to thoir honor bo it uaid, havo oxprc-ooed thomnolvoa ao boing quito ready to deal with tho question in an oquitablo, gonorouo and honorablo way with rogard to tho voatod righto that havo como into oxintonco undor tho preaout law. I Buy to thoir honor bo it said that thoy are in thia f nvmo of mind, Mu. Simmon : Wo woro never in any othor. Tn» ATTOENEY.GBNBRAL (Hon. S.Burt): Thatio uomothing quite now. It io poasiblo that in tho pivut tho Government havo not gonofar owo'.h'h todrawa doflnito oxpreaaion of opinion from them. At nny rate, I am vory glad to know that thoy aro prepared to approach thia quoation of vetted rights in an hontrablo and equitablo maunor. Thoro roally ia no dilforoneo of opinion botwoen hon. mom bora and tho Govornmont on this mattor. : Ma. Gxorqs : You havo only juat oxprossod your opinion. Tnn ATTORNEY. GENERAL (Hon. S. Burt): If hon. mombora oxpross a desiro to doal with the question in an honorable and gouoroua way in ovoy way that it affoots thpao who havo voutcd rights in tho Assisted Sohoola, then thoir doairo is the same as that of tho Govornmout, and in accord with tho teruia undor which suoh a subject should bo dealt with by thia Houso. Lot ua deal with it part by part, and dioposo of thia flvut ; for it is tho largor part' of tho answor. It is six linea out of oovon, and it is uomothing to havo established, that aixlinoa out of mon »ro antiofuctory. So far aa thoao six linos aro concerned then, wo aro not at issue. Even tho hon, mombor for Albany says that those aix lines are uatisfoctory. Tho rest of tho answer ia simply thin : ' tho Governmont do not propose to doal with tho quoation at pre sent.' I Bupposo tho hon. inombcr for Nannino will say that iu what ho waa alluding to. What was tho quostion asked P It was, whether tho Govornmont intondod to briug in a Bill to amend tho Education Aot, nnd abolish tho pro sont dual uyfrtom, and ostabliah a Bystom froo scoalnr, and compulsory. Wo havo hoard very littlo to-night about tho froo, eooulav, and oonipuloory, and vory littlo about any system to bo established, if wo abolish tho dual Byatom, Tho Government havo not, as yot, thoroughly oonnidorod how far any new system to bo intro ducod shall bo oithor froo, socular, or com pulsory. I do not know that on. those points tho country hns pronounced any decided opinion. I am not prepared to say thoro would_ bo no difference of opinion upon thoso points At this momont I cannot givo any absolute plodgo on behalf of tho Govornmont aa to tho uyotoni that will bo sot up. At the aamo timo, ldonotwiahto Buggoat that it will bo on any othor than froo, secular, and compukory prin ciples that tho Houso will bo askdd to pass a Bill. With rogard to dealing with tho matter at the prosont timo, we woro not aakod to bring in a Bill this session. All wo onid was, wo did' not proposo to deal with it at pronont- Tho hon. member for Perth wno correot when ho said that, reading botwoon tho linos, ho concluded tho Govornmont woro considering tho question, and doeircd to doal with it. If fo iliculd fltd tlfttv«aio rj»i cached by th .};.._ ? ,.;.; . ..v^-nii-n-'niiVifV' -' ? ???-tfn- othor aide— and I hopo this dobato will lead to that—I flay, if wo aro approached by tho othor aido, then our oouroo and dtityinthia matter ia oloar j and wo should attompt to doal with it at no distant dato. Ou bohalf of tho Govern mont I auk tho Houso to loavo tho mattor to us, and wo will undortivko to dotil with it, asauming that wo aro approaohed from tho othor Bido and by tho othov pia-ty, we will ondoavor to deal with it this session. Thou thoro in another point, for it becomes thon a quoation of com pensation. How can that question bost ba dealt with P It is a big quostion, nnd tho Government havo boeu considering it, and had got a long v?ny with it before tho question waa nviBod horo this session. It is a quoation that briskloa with diflloultioa. At flint our thought was to appoint a joint committee of both Honsos to fix the oomponnation at that which isjuefc and equitable and honorable, in viow of the 8 j veatod sights that havo grown up. I hopu I havo mado olonr what tho Govornmont propoaoto do; aeBuming, of oourso , that the partioa who are plodfjod to leave thomattoi1 alono oak uu not to loavo ib alone. This ia ftn opportuno time, aa nomo hon. members ro marked, nnd if wo nro aolcod by the othor party j it is our intoution to do something this soflBion. Probably wo shall aak tho Houso to appoiot a Qouoral Committee to deal particularly with tho question of coinponsation. I do not wish to lonvo tho question in any doubt with rogard to tho agroomont oxwting with thoso who are intorooted in tho AeoiBtod Sohools. Wo have ovory raaaon to boliovo, and know, thoy will fall in with this nrrangomont, particularly after what has takou place to-night and tho viewa oxpr088od fr6m the benches opposite } v/o boliovo that thooo who are intorontod in tho Aoeiotod Sohoolo will not hang back, but will join hands aud ask us to nettlo thia mattor upon thoao principles. Mr, TJIROSSELL : I think tho hon. mom bor for Albany is to bo congratulated, upon bringing thio matter boforo tho Houso us ho did. He io, I fear, liko a Boldior loading a for lorn hopo. Whutovor tho futuro may havo to proaont, it would appear tho motion to- night will bo defeated. Thoro is no good douying the faot, thoro is a general fooling in tho country, that a oliango will luvvo to bo mado sooner or latoi'. When it shall bo mado is a mattor to bo considered hereafter, I ventnro to think tho Govornmont will mako no miiitako in tho mattor, but will exhibit truo statesmanship, if they kill agitation by anticipating it. Tho question will havo to bo dealt with, upon fair and liberal liuoa, and no hon, mombor of this Houao will acoopt any other settlement, except with duo rogard to tho vested intemitii oi those moat concerned. It is not a queation as to whether tho present Bvatora haa dono good work or not ; but it is a queation at) to whether the country ia growing weary of it. Thut iii my view of tho nmttor, I think tho country la tlved of it. What will be tho position horoaf tor if thio ia put to tho country ? I think thouo who aro most intoroated in this queation will havo occasion to ourtw these would-bo friendn, if tho mattor is not Bottled now. The proper way to deal with it is, I think, for tho Govornmont to face the mattor, and agroo to givo fair componsa tion to thoso coneornod, No othor method ?would bo ao acooptablo to tho country, or to the majority of tho momboro of thia Houbo. I boliovo I wn voicing tho opinion of a majority of tho mombera of thio Houuo whon I oay tho present iiystom must f;o. The history of tho othor coloniofl tolla us that, and I ahould rogrot if it had to bo fought out hero at tho oword's point. Wo know that tho Assisted School nyutom has dono good and noblo work, at the timo whon tho Governmont School oyatoin was ' at a vory low obb. Somo of our beBt mon havo roooived thoir oducation at thoso schools; and I considor if thoy munt bo wiped out, it should be on fail' and liberal tormo. Mr. LBAKE : Had tho Governmont thought, fit to put up tho Hon. the. AttornoyGonoral onrlior ia this debate ; or had tho Government thought fit to givo oppression to thoso opinions which tho Attornoy-Genoral has ultorod to-night— and I think tho thanks of this House nxo due to that hon. gontlomiin — thio quootion might have como to a »poody and on nmicablo settle ment. Iftm glad to think that tliio motion whioh I huvo proposed has not prejudiced tho aottlemont of thia impQrtant mattor. Tho Attorrioy-Gonoral, again, I say, is to be congratulated upon his observations, and temper, and tho considerate way in whioh ho has dealt with thoao hon, members, who have thought fit to uupport mo in this roso- . lution. I am vory pleased to think ho haa acted as ho haa dono j and had tho Hon. the Premier adopted tho same course, instead of indulging1 in that trade of criticism— I won't aay abuse— of tho unfortunate mombor for Albany, it would havo boon inilnitoly better reooivod on thia sido of tho Houao. I am sure wo aro plonsod with tho Hon. tho Attorm^GonorarH assurance, and I accord ingly roso aa quickly as I did to nsk tho Houso for poriniasion to vrithdraw my roaof , lution. Tho Hon. tho Attorney-General has - told us that, aa soon as it appoars to bo tho wish of hon. momboro on both eidos of tho Houso that thia queation should be settled, tho Govornmont aro prepared not only to . settle it, but to approaoh its considera tion this Bcaaiou, witli a viow to a settle ment. I hopo I do not misquote the Hon, tho Attornoy-Goucval whoh I say this ques tion will bo eettlod this session. I am glad to hear it. I would moroly explain, with rogard to tho wording of tho answor to the question of tho hon, member for Nivnnino, that if tho Govommont hnd boon a littlo more definite in thoir roply thoro would not have boon any nocossity to resort to what somo hou. mem bers mny call extreme Jiioiumrea. I am per sonally satisfied that thin question will now bo settled) tvnd in saying that, I know I am only echoing tho views of hon. 'mombera on this side of tho Houno. I thoroforo beg that tho Houao will pormit mo to withdraw this contentious motion. ... Motion, by loavo, withdrawn. MESSAGE PROM HIS EXCELLENCY THE . .. ADMINISTRATOR. , ASSENT TO BILL, . . . ' . Tho following moaangowas dolivoredto and road by Mr. Speaker i— A. C. ONSLOW, Administrator, ' The Administrator has the honor to inform ' the Legislative A Boombly that ho hns this day asaonted, in Hor Majcaty'Bnamo, to the under montionod Bill i— ? ' An Act to apply out of the Consolidated Revenue Fund tho mm. of jS200,000 to tho ser vice of the your ending 80th June, 1896.' Govornmont House, Perth, 24th July, 1896, ADJOUIINMENT. At 10.4(6 p.m. tho Houoo adjourned until 4,80 p.m. on Thursday, July 25th. 