FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. The Cambridge Specialty and Bur lesque Company have introduced several novelties at the Theatre Royal since the last notice was written in this paper, and the attendances have been fairly main tained. New artists engaged have been Miss Emily Markham and Mons. Absoleb, both of whom have been received with favor, Tie clever musical act by the Paragon Trio is always worth hearing, and the Misses Lempriere and Ponsonby have esta blished themselves as firm favorites. *f The Bal Masque," a farce by Johnnie Cowan, has been substi tuted for " Cinder Ellen" with scarcely -such satisfactory results as might have been hoped for. There will be an entire change of programme on Saturday evening, when the bur lesque Aladdin" will be staged. Monday evening has been set apart for a benefit to that engaging little actress, Miss Addie Favart, who is a native of Adelaide, having been born in Bundle Street. Miss Favart has made many friends during the present season, and there will doubtless be a bumper house. A special programme will be submitted, and additional artistes have been engaj * * The Elite Novelty Company, after vainly struggling against adverse circumstances at the Byou Theatre, gave up the ghost on Tuesday evening. While sympathy will be felt with the director, it was considered from the first by those who were competent to judge that the company could not possibly have a long life, and less than a fortnight has been sufficient for a realization of the unfavorable verdict returned by the Adelaide public. A brilliant house assembled in the Town Hall last Saturday evening, when the fifth and last of the series of concerts arranged by the committee of Herr Heinicke's orchestra was given. Considerable enthusiasm prevailed, and if the members of the audience had had their way nearly every item on the programme would have been encored. So far as the orchestral numbers were concerned nothing* new was submitted, but the old favorites _ „ 'v -fr were played, as usual, in ah excellent manner, Schumann's " Traumerei," for strings only, and Mendelssohn's " Athalie " being rendered admirably, and fully deserving the warm applause with which they were greeted. The other orchestral contributions were also of -0 high order of meiS^- and reflected credit not only oh the per formers but on the indefatigable con ductor, Herr Heinicke. The vocalists for the evening were Miss Ethel Lohrmann, Miss. Lilian Davis, and Mr. J. G. Nash. Miss Lohrmann possesses a prett mezzo-soprano voice, particularly effective in the middle register, and although she was suffer ing from nervousness she acquitted herself excellently, and should prove a welcome addition to the concert platform. Miss Davis was ill-advised when she chose as her selection so trying a piece of vocalization as " Lo ! here the gentle lark," and it is scarcely to be wondered at that she did not score a success. Mr. J. G. Kash essayed "The Death of Nelson," but marred it by faulty pronunciation and by variations of his own which could scarcely be regarded as an im provement. Altogether the members of the orchestra are to be warmly complimented on the triumph attend ing the series of concerts, and Mr. Charles Cawthorne, the hard-working honorary secretary, is to be specially felicitated. ~ * * * The Literary, Scientific, and Art Societies' welcome to Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton will take place in the Jubilee Exhibition Building, when most elaborate preparations have been made to ensure the success of the function. The idea of a combined conversazione of this nature is quite new, and as Messrs. Basse and Gar land, the honorary managing and corresponding secretaries, have been hard at work for many weeks past, it may be taken for granted that nothing will be lacking in tfie general arrange ments. An address prepared by nine members of the Easel Club will be presented to the Governor, and then a short musical programme will be carried out by the Adelaide Lidertafel, Herr Heinicke's Orchestra, and the Adelaide Harmonie Society. A pro menade concert will be provided by the orchestra while the visitors are inspecting the many interesting exhibits which have been lent for the occasion by various societies. Lecturettes by Messrs. P. McM. Glynn, M.P., and R. P. Griffiths have also been arranged for. It will thus be seen that amusement and instruction are to be healthily combined. Morning dress is to be worn by all, excepting the performers, at the opening ceremony, which will commence at 8 o'clock. On Saturday still further attractions are announced. In the afternoon there will be a concert by Herr Heinicke's Orchestra and a lecturette by Mr. E. Da vies, of the Adelaide Easel Club, and in the evening a continental, in which the orchestra, the Police Band, the Ade laide Iiedertafel, and the Banjo Club will participate, will be given. This synopsis of the proceedings should be sufficient to induce liberal patronage, and Quiz will be surprised indeed if the exhibition is not crowded on Friday and Saturday. * * * There are probably few people in South Australia who take any interest in literature who have not heard of Miss Jennings Carmichael, the young Victorian poetess, and who have not read some of the many admirable contributions from her pen which have * appeared in the columns of the Australasian and Adelaide Observer. Miss Carmichael may almost be said to have been nursed in the lap of poesy, for at the age of 12 she was, though secretly, giving reins to her imagination in the Gippsland bush, and an .intense love of nature manifests itself in all her poetical writings. The Australian Jean Ingelow, who is of most attractive personality, intends shortly to proceed to London, where a volume of her poems will shortly be submitted to the public by the Messrs/Longmans. Editions will be simultaneously lished in London, New York, and published in London, New York, and Australia, and there can be little doubt, considering the reception given to fugitive pieces, as to the greeting which will meet the entire collection. Then, too, Miss Carmichael will probably also be found entering the ranks of lady novelists, and her experience of the Australian bush should stand her in good stead. At present the young lady, who is now in Adelaide, is on quite a different mission. A very short time ago she was induced to step upon the public platform in Melbourne and to discourse on "The Spirit of the Bush," with the object of combating the pessimistic coloring given to our bush scenery by Marcus Clarke and Adam Lindsay Gordon. She at once achieved a brilliant success, and in the series of pathetic and humorous sketches of child life entitled " Odd Little Mortals," an equally pleasant result has to be recorded. Miss Carmichael will present these im pressions—the term lecturette seems altogether out of place-—before an Adelaide audience at the Victoria Hall next Wednesday evening, and the reputation of the lady combined with the interesting nature of her subjects should ensure a very large attendance. Australians should at least be loyal to one of their most gifted sisters. * * * Mr. Wybert Reeve left for Mel bourne on Tuesday afternoon with the object of making arrangements for a company to appear at the Theatre Royal at the termination of the present season. Mr, Reeve will return at the end of the week. 