W I N T 0 X. [from ora o»'s correspondent.] Another lioc dry week. As the annual races are to be held next Saturday and Monday, it would be a pity uow if it did not keep fine for a few days longer. Tbe various privileges (booths, yard, and gate) were pat cp for auction to- day, and realised good prizes. The Lyle Dramatic Company arrived from Longreacb by to-day's coach, and have plenty of amusements besides racing. Mr. Steele's sweep on the Melbourne Cup, which, however, is bat the ghost of its former sell, no doubt by reason of Mr. Steele'a health being ao very bad lately, was drawn, tbe other day, and the winners turned op in Messrs. Dunn and Doyle, Kynnna, £49 4s.; Messrs. Con way and Buckley, Fennoy, £24 12s.; and Mrs. Black, Boolia, £17 4s. Mr. P. Rogan passed through the other day with 750 splendid fat bullocks from Fort Coos tan rial (Cloncurry) for Barcaldiue, to be trucked thence to Lake's Creek. Mr. Sntton passed in charge of 20,000 wethers from Ddg worth for Camoola Park, a fine let of sheep. A mob of 500 head of fat bullocks passed bound for the Sydney market on the 3rd instant, Mr. -.. K. Griffiths, owners, Mr. J. Maiden in charge- On the same day 450 Warcnda fat bollocks passed for Towns ville there to be frozen for the London musket- A mob of 28,000 sheep for Elderslie from the south passed through the reserve yesterday. The anuual revision of the electoral roll was oiade at the Court House on Wednesday. Tbe principal part of the work was gone through, and then to enable a few inquiries to be made the Court was adjourned for a week. Tbe relieving Police Magistrate is everything in apple pie order for tbe revising justices Messrs. A. A. Thomson (chairman) mid E. J. Balfe J.J.P. ihe number of electors ou the roll of tbe Wiuton division of t he Gregory electorate last year Uas 241. Ihe quarterly additions were as follows: — April S, July 14, October 43— making a total on tJirj roll of 306. from this there w*re struck out at the Ko vision Court. — Dead, 3 ; lrfr, 30 ; disqualified, 3 ; duplicated, 1 ;— (ary Annual list is 39 which makes the total ;ws Before the revision business was taken up tbe (Jonrt heuxd a fowl stealing uase, and also an ordinary petty larceny case. 1'be prisoners in each case w*re remanded, and ou the following day the fowl stealers were con victed and let off with a small fine. Mr. \V H Corfjeld, M.L.A., announces hi* intention of again wooing the suffrages of the electors. Winton, 7tb November, 1895. 