SPORTING. Bv ' JIascotte ' Early. Morn has returned to Naran dera. ' Tlio report that Mr GougU bad sold the speedy son of Sunrise turns out to be untrue. The following story comes from a Melbourne suburb (says the Age) : — ' A prominent member of the ring, to show his appreciation of the local Episcopalian parson having joined 'the books ' in their opposition to Mr Mur ray's Totalisator Bill, dropped into the Ciiuruu uuc ouuuifcy uv ciuug icvcuuy order to contribute to the collection, although himself connected with a more ancient religious body. The metalliciati, being a man of somnolent habit, was slumbering quietly, when he was aroused by the words of the text, 'Who goeth a warfare ? Only catching the fourth word quite distinctly, and oblivious of his unac customed environment, the layer of odds, evidently thinking of tho recent V.R.C. Grand National Meeting, and doubtless confusing the voice of the preacher with the better known tones of Mr Leslie M'Donnld, caused a sen sation by exclaiming with a snort, ' Hundreds to twelve Warfare ! How much 1' In futuro C. Cooper will do the lightweight riding for I. Foulshara's stable, J. Stevenson having severed ins connection \vilii cms esoauusnineni-. Hoses tem is now first favorite for the Caulfield Grand National Hurdle Race at 5 to 1. Bischoff is quoted at 6 to 1, Bill at 8 to 1, and Syllabus and Gratiano at 10 to 1. Dianiio is a red-hot favorite for the Steeplechase, 5 to 2 being the best price on offer. Baltoro, Campaspe, and J.O.I, are quoted at 10 to 1. A wide-awake tip for the Caulfield Cup — Dreamland. ''Augur's Ghost' says that Ted Curran has Woodlands nice and big at Narandera, but he does not seem to possess as much dash of foot as of yore. Turmoil is being schooled over the hurdles at Narandera (says 'Augur's Ghost'), and seemed to bo improving until Saturday, when, after going once round splendidly, he blundered, and fell on his head, turning a complete somersault. It was thought that he had brokeu his neck, and it will be some time before he will be able to race. Bosh Hoysted, who was pilot, had fortunately a lucky escape, getting only a slight shaking. At Narandera, Jim Beck's string consists of Silver Rose (who is in show condition), Sunfly, Sundot, Boss Tailor, Welaregang, and a full brother to Bel Giorno. C. Andrews has Es capade (who is still sore), Sweet Rose, Lucy, Little Flo, and Sunstroke in hand. Waxworks, Blitz, Stewardess, Lindsay, and Turmoil, are under the veteran eye of J. Hoystead. The former goes really well. Alf Lene han has St. Sierra in nice buckle, and if her leg does not get any worse she will be amongst the winners shortly. Up to date twenty-eight entries have been received for the Narandera Trial Stakes. The Admiral and Port Admiral — own brothers— have been earning ?winning brackets lately. It is a coin-, cidence that the owners of each, Messrs Cook and Blacker, havo won distinction as growlers at tho handi cappers. Tommy Lamond fancies he has a show in the Melbourne Cup with Dela ware. Kallara is being backed for the Y.R.C. Derby, but Bob Ray, Wallace, and Auraria hold their places at 7 to 1 each. Tim Swiveller's withdrawal from the Caulfield Grand National Hurdle Race lends colour to the belief that his owner intends giving Tim a chance to annex the Caulfield Cup in Oc tober. Swiveller's son has not been indulged in strong work for the last 6 or 7 weeks. Despite averse weather, 20,000 people assembled to see the football oor.test of the season between the Mel bourne and Geelong clubs, en Satur day. Tho Melbourne team were tho favorites, but the result of tho game came as a great surprise, Geelong out playing their opponents at every point of the game, finally winning by 9 goals 9 behinds to 3 goals 8 behinds. Gee long went off with a rush at the com mencement, and scored first goal, and then some remarkable kicking took place, seven goals being notched without a miss ; Decoit, now Victoria's champion goal-kicker, securing four in succession. ' Observer,' in the Argus, says ' In spite of rain and mud, the first hour's football was of the very finest, and I don't expect to have the luck to see again such au inspiriting 'fifteen minutes as that at the end of the second quarter, when Geolong, with a run of fivo goals, drove their two train-loads of followers wild with ?delight, roused the admiration of every man who watched them, and brought dismay and despondency into the ranks of Melbourne.' It is now generally conceded that Geelong will secure tho premiership. Allsop's pair, Sundial and Veno, have been backed for all the money in the market to win tho Epsom and Metropolitan double. The jockey Tonilin met with another painful accident last week at Fleming through Sylvan Prince falling with him while being schooled over hurdles. H« sustained a broken collar bone. It will be remembered that Tomlin re-. ceived similar injuries through a fall from the same horse about a month ago. On the Flemington training ground on Monday morning, Mr T. Hales' colt , Cornelius, collided with a post during a gallop. Both the horse and rider (F. Eade) were slightly injured. Etumalea has been scratched for the Caulfield Grand National Hurdles. -Daitnio is looking bright and well. The Admiral is nominally favorite for the Caulfield Cup at 100 to G, and and Dreamland for the Melbourne Cup 100 to 5. Bischoff will be troublesome in the Caulfield G. N. Hurdles. 