Mostly up North. Long before this has reached you, (he sodden death of Professor Field- Wolridge has beoome known to yon. The professor was a b( ranger within oar gates ; but we bad Heard eo much of him from from Hobart, where he had lec tured with remarkable success, that we looked forward to an intellectual X«~n4- ffa was fttn^an^lff n. ma.n nf mark, he had left the print of his i foot on a good deal of this earth's '. surface. He had rested under the hoary monuments of old Egypt, and had gazed upon the classic me- : morialB of Greece and Borne ; '-e had contrasted Damascus and . Bagdad with London, and eon/;, mi ' inspiration on the hills that over look Jerusalem and Si loam. We had hoped to have heard him speak to us of his travels ; but it was willed otherwise, and to our dis may we learned that ho had d it d in the cab tlmt was taking him to the hospital. He evidently didn't look after himself as well as lie might have done, and there is a somewhat' s»d ring about the fact that fcho prafepsor, still in th« prime of his manhood, after circling tho habitable globe should come to Launceston to die so suddenly ami bo friendless. Next Wednesday the early closing people will make an effort to lauueb their little half holiday scheme, and if there is as mnch unity at the ceremony as is pro mised, BUCcesB in its fullest sense should attend (he venture. Some how there appears to be little faith and confidence among the various business firms here ; one will say, 'I will shut up if you will.' '? Alright,' eaye the other, ' you go first.' 'Not me,' retorts No. 1. And thus they barge amongst them selves and pray silently that neither will give in. It is astonish inir tinw hn&rfcilr; all agree to the movement, and yet so few will come down to the bed rock and put up (heir shutters— they are always waiting for the other fellow, and hoping the other fellow won't budge. However, we'll get it alright; it is only a matter of time. It is coming slowly, but powerful sure, like the mil lenium. And when it is an established institution it is hoped good use will be made of it. That quaint old gentleman, Haweis, who was here the other day said our aim should be to get as much enjoyment out of our lives as we possibly can. It was in tended we should, but revolution in trade has got competition to such a pitch now that with most big houses the pace is a cracker from early morn on Monday to late on Saturday evening, and if a man ? _**, n MnaJ- lia «ri 1 1 llQtTA nlpfitiV ill time when he is in his grave. We are going to knock seven bells out of this dreaded system and have a breather once a week, and it will be our own fault if we prostitute the cause. With some the holiday will be spent in the same old taproom that welcomes them on week nights, but there are others who will try and make it as popular as any holi day in the year. It remains there fore with the association to keep the thing moving and provide i's members with plenty of excursions. '? The Christmas Carols,' tjie most beautiful series of pen pic tures ever painted by any masiei of fiction, were produced once nior\ at the Academy of Music on Tues day evening. The request for its repetition was genuine enough, and of course tbeie was an excellent, attendance. The Carols, so cleverly dramatised by Mrs. W. H. W i-- ster, have done an immense amount of good, apart from the funds rai-ed (which, by the way, the authorities of the Anglican Church couldn't think of accepting, constque' Iy they will be spent on improving ' I) hall at Inveresk), as th-.'y not ot.ly told the story to numbers v.Ik never read ' The Carols ; ' but -i e performance of them was the men ^ of introducing: some buddivi geniuses ic the draniai ic profisssiu - One young mail quite exci'H- J himsHlf, and he Iimp been sochai nied with his owu success that one pat 1 way and a gutter are not wid-- enough for him ; he wants some of jl__ 1 ? lijltnna mAnaii Uanir 11 ltlt.. lllR swagger is so pronounced. His part certainly required Home study; be played the Ghost., and he had to learn three or four uroans and rattle a -hniu, and he Bpoke tbe languagolikehnartist. Hewaeexira good on ihe iionmcngery bimin.'ss. He was no ? sine a tout the cm-root drnssi.:g of the pan, wteihuy tue Ghost Bhb'ufd p'klddTo atfdut in o tablecloth or a dress suit, or Bill Davies, embroidered homing suit; lowever, he decided to keep to Dickens, and he thinks he did quite right. It was a masterly perform ance, but caused an immense strain in the intelleot. That noble quadruped, the horse, will he much in evidence to-day when the Caulfield Cup will be decided. During the last few days hundreds of 'monte's,' and 'straight jrittms, and 'dead birds nave been lent over, but they vary somewhat, lowever, the same old crowd vi!l line up about Pelican Point o-day, and will bane about to the 'atal wire is received, and then they ffill ' fold their tents like the irabs, and silently steal away.' rhey will say not a word — no one ,vill see tl.em go ; bnt it will be the jiost remarkable dissolving view maginable. I remember them last year when Paris got home. All day they were wrangling and Staffing and fighting and spitting md swearing till someone whispered 'Paris.' Tiien the extras came out. Next came a little mist, and tbe crowd were missed. Policemen didn't shift them, rack-a-rock didn't shift them, nor dynamite — Paris cliiffAf) fliam anA Af nfa.jp will An t.hfl same to day. Despite the various consignments of dirty bad smelling atmospheric disturbances which Inclement Wragge sends us duty paid, that season is near us when it behoves everyone with an india-rubber vertebrae to begin the grand agri cultural purFiiit of agitating the soil of the garden and squirting soapsuds into the soft dreamy eyes of the seed potato. That genial gentleman the footballer, with his attendant horde of experts in oaths, now finds the evenings too light and genial for him to toy with the furniture tnd fixings of his favorite pub and his place has been jumped by the flannel- coated male person who has taken up the fashionable pastime of chasing the cricket ball till he lets about four gallons of nersniration Boak out of him, and then comes home and saye be has enjoyed himself. Just now, too, the sweet girl graduate with a tennis racquet and brown boots is much in evidence, and the man on the Corner does a siesta under Charlie Taylor's window. Every where evidence is abundant of the approach of tbe time when the brass band will meander forth of an evening and challenge the wild dogs in our zoo to some songs wifcli nnf nmT-Aa 