LILIAN FANE, NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY RICH ABIT DOWLING-, Author oE "Twice Lost," " A Hidden Flame," " Fatal Bonds," &o.; All Queensland Rights Reserved. CHAPTER XXVI.— (Continued.) 'My dear sir, I am exceedingly sorry io have recullod any unpleasant subject, to your mind. I urn perfectly comfortable hers with you in the-dark, although I do not eare much for the notion of being tinder that beast Ashraore's roof.' 'And what roof is so fit to shelter you ns this after what ho has done? I do not think he will oome baok while you are here, and I pledge you iny word be sball never enter this room while you are in it. May I ask if you contemplate legal . action against him ?' 'Legal action! Legal aotion against him ! I to take legal aotion against anyone! My dear sir, of course if you knew anything at nil of me you would consider that question the funniest ever put. "While I am talking to you I am thinking of every possible kind of illegal action, inolurliog manslaughter and mur der, against him.' ' May I further ask you what led to the quarrel, and how you two happened to come together in Pleaders' Walk?' 'Well, he and I met in this house to day, and I accused him of being the moBt infernal scoundrel who has liot up to this made an appearance on the gallows — any way, that's what I meant.' ? He told raa about that meeting.' ' Did he ? Well, then, if it was a true report it must huvc been an amusing one.' 'Is there anything more than was men tioned at that meeting ?' ' There is a matter which outweighs till the rest ; he is treating most heartlessly a lady in whom lam deeply interested, a relative of mirie who has neither father nor brother today the heartless misereant. But I'll do it yet if I live to meet him.' ' And the encounter in the lane. How did it arise?' It was purely accidental. I had been at a friend's house. I bad drunk a great deal too much whisky. 1 was on my way to get a cab and drive home when I met him, and went for him. If I had only been sober, and in my oidinary health, it is ho who would now be in the doctor's hands, or the undertaker's.' ' And you are quite sure you have no thoughtof taking legal proceedings against him?' Perfectly certain. Why, not to con sider any other feature of the case, if the row came into court the name of the lady 1 8poko of might get dragged into it, and I would not have such a thing onour for all the world — not for any considera tion you could find in the five continents.' 'I have a reuson for what' I am going to say. May I presume so far as to ask you for a promise not to invoke the law ?' 'I promise you upon my word of honour not to proceed legally against Ashmore for tho attempt upon my life in Pleaders' Walk. Is that satisfactory ? ' ' Quite. If I may I would like to ask you a further question now. It is not an idle one. ' "Upon your answer will depend the Buying or not Buying of a certain matter in my mind. Ymi have spoken of a lady who is being- unfairly treated. I am more or less acquainted with the' whole case. Now, if you would not consider it impertinent I should like to know if you havo any fooling in that quarter beyond one natural to your pre sent. relationship.' ' That is an extraordinary question from a stranger whom I huvo never eves seen.' 'A most extraordinary question I admit. If you are frank with me, I will be frank with you, and you will seo my reason for the question. I will put it to you in this Why (and I would wish to say I do not want you to tell me anything you would withhold from 'a friend). If this Ash- more were finally disposed of, have you tuy hope of oooupying his piano?' There was a long puuee. In hiB quiet, moments Bert had really no expectation of success wit.li Lilian. He knew he wa« unsteady. He knew ho was untrust worthy. He knew ehe had never cared for him as a girl cares for the man she marries with joy. In his quiet times he told himself iio was not worthy of her, not -fit for marriage at all, or anyway that, he must wait till yoars hud sobered him down. Here he was home 'reformed,' three days of reformation ending with last night in Silvester's, and this morn ing in Pleaders' AValk. Then his own heart told him the doctor was right when he said Lilian would marry no one if she did not marry this monster, Ashmore. There wan no use blinking tho facts. He might as well, once for all, make up hie mind Lilian would. never he more to him than she was at this minute. At length he said : ' You' are entitled to frankness from me, and you shall have it. I have no hope that if Anhmore disappeared for .ever I might occupy his pluce.' 'That simplifies mutter ' greatly. I don't think tho lndv will ever change her name for that of Aahmore.' 'I most sincerely pray she may hot. "Will you now give me your explanation of the question ? Your reason for asking it?' ... 'I know more of the case than you might suppose. It is one of the Hardest, cases that ever befel me. You will not. fully appreciate my despair and horror- even when I tell you I am the wretobed Ash more'e brother.' . His brother ! I did not know he had a brother.' I And his brother wishes with all his soul there never had been such a creature as himself! In telling, you the story of his life, I am confiding to you a seorot i vyhicb the events of to-day may disclose to the world, or bury for ever out of ,the sight of man. If there is no public dis closure to-day I rely upon you to keep private the history I am going to relate.' 'I pledge you my word of honour to silence. I shall confide to.no one, what ever you may tell me. Now you havo two1 pledges of mine. I will not take legal proceedings, and I will keep your Motet.1 1 ; / ' Yery good; I nm half expecting a visitor whom I have never seen, .a meet unpleasant . visitor.' If lie ' do not come you will keep both your promises. If he do come they will be both annulled.' '.And who may this unpleasant visitor be?' ' i | The policeman.' ' A policeman ! "What would be his business here ?' ' To make inquiries about a murder committed near Wythburn in Cumber land, three years ago.' ' In which Anhmore had a hand ?' : ' Yea. But it was a secret until now. It will relieve my mind to tell the tale. It is time for you to take your second Roothing draught. You had better bo fortified with it before I begin.' Bert saw the shadowy - form of the un known cross the room, and return to the bedside. He took tho glass, swallowed the mixture, and lay baok. He hoard the man resume Mb seat at the head of the bed, and he etretohed himself out to listen. " CHAPTER XXVII. The St'iby of John Kjmber. 'Three years .ago my brother and I lived together in the house where our father died o couple of yeurs before, The house is about a mile from tho village of Wythbnrn in Cumberland, in as' quiet and retired a spot as you could find 'in all England, Our father bad left behind a considerable sum of money, about a hundred and ten thousnnd pounds, and my brother aud I were the only people of our blood, -as far as we knew. Our mother had been years dead. ' "When ray brother was 10 years of age he had a serious illness, which attaoked his brain, and over since ho has been peculiar at all times, and periodi cally so eccentric as to require looking after.' ' A nine kind of man to think of marry ing,' said Bert. ' ' He and I lived togehpr, as I have said. We were always' with ono another both before and aftor the death of our father. Partly because ho was my only brother, and partly because of his infirmity, I loved him with all my heart and soul ' My father and I had always been the best of friends, and I felt a veneration like worship for him. He had married late. I always remember him with white hair and the drooping shoulders of a soholar, and tho gentle speech and manner of a saint. I knew that in the course of nature my father muRt go before either of us, and both by the bent of my own inclination and the prayers and entreaties of my father I resolved to watch over and guard my unfortunate brother as long tie I might live.' ' May I ask if yon are married ? ' There was a pause. 'No, and it is unlikely I ever shall be now" ' Y»u are not old ? ' 'No. Not very — except in sorrow, and I am very old in sorrow to-day.' 'Pray, forgive my interruption. Iam afraid by tho tone of your voioe it must have been a most unfortunate one.' .It was now plain to Bert, whore he . had heard a voice like this before. Ho had heard it from the other brother yesterday in the study, and eighteen months ago in Mexico. Of all family likenesses, there . is none so strong as that of the family voice. ' Well, on my father's death I found myself a kind of guardian over my brother. He was a couple of years above age at the time, but the money had been ao left that he could do nothing with any of it; all powerl ay in mv hands. He wanted mo to givo him half. I declined to give him any. Bcforo father's death he had already begun to lead an irregular life, which was an apouv and a terror to the poor old man. Wtion my father was gone, my brother broke all bounds, in dulged in disgraceful excesses until no persons but the lowest, and most depraved in the . neighbourhood would associate with him. ' It is not a thing one cares to speak of, but in order that you may understand ray situation, I must again say that I loved him with all my hoarc, somewhat, I often think, as a mother loves a de formed child. He was all 1 bad in the world. I enjoyed the Booiety of no com panions of my own age. I seldom visited neighbours, and owing to his violent, temper, strange freak r, and deplorable trari agression 8 we could never have guests at our place. I had no resources but him and my gun and my dags and my horse and my books. Not a meagre list, you may say ; but still the life was lonely and unwholesome, and it may bo that I bred in myself an exaggerated estimate of my obligations and of tho importance of my charge. ' Tlie wilder ho became the more morbidly sensitive I grew as to my re sponsibilities, until in the end I felt every fault or folly committed by him doubly ond trebly ohargeable upon me; Of course, I could not be always with him, and he was not deranged enough to warrant restraint or justify a regular attendant.' ', Bert groaned and broke in with, ' A nice sort of man to allow into u quiet family. A nice sort of man to ullow abroad among young girls, to whom .he mighr. make love.' 'You are not to suppose he was at all times crazv, or more than odd.' , ' All the worse! All the worse! I suppose the mad fit is on him now, and that's the reason he is breaking that girl's hpart 1 ' , There was a pause , of a few moments, and then the voice in the darkness went, on again— . 'He is at the present moment under the full sway of his dreadful malady, and was under it when he tried to shoot you and struok you, an unarmed man, -that cowardly blow.' V >V : ' Is. it time for me to'get any more of that soothing stuff ?', ' ' Not yet.' :YvYY' Y'Y"' ' Yery well, go on.', ' About a year and ten months after the death of ray father began' the .episode whioh ended in the orim», if orlme oan be. attributed- to one in his condition.' One evening in August he came home storming and raging like a maniao. He was a maniao that night. He had heard that Lily Davison, tho wheelwright's daughter, the prettiest girl in the village, was going to marry Jack Kiraber, the barber, If it had been any other man iu the village or on the oountry side, my brother said, he, would not havo minded. Butthat ' cold-blooded, conceited juoka- nspes, lumber! Tho thing was in tolerable, und should not he ; no, not even if lie were to marry YLily himself, or strangle Kimbei' with his own hands. 'Ho terrified me that night. I had never before seen him so outrageously violent. Neither he nor I slept a wink'. I remained with him in the dining-room and all through the night he vapoured! and raved and walked up and down like a man posseBsed. About noon 'next day . he told me he was going to'hie room to lie. down. I kept in the .house a supply of sedative mmlicine whioh had been prescribed for him hv a specialist, and whioh always modified the virulence of his attacks, .and often abated them altogether. The difll-ulty was to get him to take the draught when he wan Buffering from a seizure. TIub day he took the stuff without a murmur, although ho had refused it a dozen times in the night. H« went to his room and I fell asleep in a oh air. ' ' "When I awoke he was gone. 'All hiB life he had an unaooountahlo and abject terror of firearms. He would \- not go into a room where he knew a gun or a pistol was kept. . He shuddered at the sight of either, and although you drew the charge from a weapon in his presence and filled the barrel with water he" would not touoh it for any consideration — would not look, at it if he could help it. When in his most violent paroxysms it a gun or piat.ol was produced he became abjectly craven. It was only on rare occasions, and never save when he threatened violence to himself or others that I appealed to this infirmity to bring him under subjection. This day I put a re volver in my pooket, and set off for Wvthburn.'- Bert moved uneasily in tho bed, and said, ' He has got over that terror of fire arms now.' ' He has. His visit tothe United States and Mexico oured him of it.' Bert tried to sit up, fell baok with a moan, . and cried, ' Mexico ! Mexico 2 Then lie his been in Mexico ?' ' Yes. He has been in Mexico. Has ho denied it ?' ' Denied it ! Why ho proved ho hadn't been there! Though I think I proved I saw bim there. Ho took us to his solici tor's . to-day and showed us letters and other documents, making it seem he was in Florence and London when I knew he was in Mexico. Excuse my interrupting you ' , Well, when I reached tho village I found he had vieitod it but was gone, no ono knew whither. He had not sought to find Kirabor or gone to Davidson's, or spoken of murdering or marrying anyone. I suppose the drug operated bcforo he readied Wythburn. At all events, he had not staved five minutes in the village, or said anything noteworthy to the two or three people with whom he had ox- changed a word. That night my unfortunate brother did not come home. That night' John X>mber went to fish in the river, two miles be'ow Wythburn. Next morning the dead body of John Ximoer, the barber, was found iu the river at the tail of the flume. It was on the night, of the twelfth of August three years ago John Kimber died. Ou the second day after tho body was found an inquest was held. No one had seen the unfortunate' man fall into the water. The belief prevailed that he slipped in and was rolled by the quick current of the flume into tho deep pool at the end of the mill race. A verdict of " fouud drowned " was brought in and up' to this day, as far as I know, not a soul in Wythburn suspects foul play. ' The night of the 18th I Was sitting reading in the library. Tho room is on the ground floor. A door opens from it on thcluwu. The servants had gone to hed. It was between 12 and 1 when the door to tho lawn opened, aa«l my miser able brother, battered, dirty, exhausted entered, and flung himself into a chair. If a ghost had appeared I oould not have been more shooked and horrified. "Bo they brought it in, found drowned," said ho. " I wonder thoy did not bring it in heat apoplexy from tho midnight sun ! However, there wus one man in the neighbourhood who could have helped them to a better verdiot.' ' " What do you mean ?" said I. '"Wiiy,ifyou were exumioed you could have told them that I swore to take his life, and that you had always found me a man of my word ! " '"Do you raeau to tellme you had1 anything to do with . that poor fellow's death ? " ' "I hpard he was going fishing. I waited for him on the bank, aud pushed him into the flume. The water trundled him down the flume, and he sank in the pool s.t the tail of tho mill race." ' I will not try to describe what I felt. I will omit what parsed between us. It was too awful and too saured for repeti tion. The interview ended with his tolling mo he would give himself up to justice if T did not hand him five thousand pounds to take him out of the o-rantry for good and all. In a few days I obtained the money, ond saw him off - as . for as Queenatown on his way to the United States;' 1 suppose I anted illegally. I suppose I could be imprisoned . for what, I' did. I do not defend myself. But, remember, no innocent man was likely to suffer, and the dead ciiul.l not. bp restored to' life The criminal was not of full reason. Tho monstrous insuffi lienoy of the motive would go to show He could not be held responsible for his actions.' Thoy might imprison him for life, but they would never inflict the extreme penalty. Yet now — now what will oome of it i cannot forecast, j For he said last night as seriously as he told me about his inten tion towards Kiraber that he would give himself up to- the polioo to-day if I did not make oyer to him fifty thousand pounds-— half the money my father left. I would give him fifty thousand pounds as readily as five ponoe, for in spite of all I love him still; mv lave far tho unfortu nate being is inextinguishable. I have no control over it. . My hoars goes out to him against, law, against reason, as desire goes to food when a man is famished. 1 would give hira whut ho asks if I thought' it would do him good, if I eould ho cer tain it would not injure him. But . I know that, unlimited money would mean hto speedy death, and I have towards hira that feelrng I spoke of, the feeling of the mother for her deformed child.' ' It is an awful story,' said Bert, from the bed. . . , v.- . to beoonoluded to-hobrow. 