The Anniversary of St. John's Chnroh, Parramatta. The Stone Laid in 1797. AN ELOQUENT 8EBM0N BY ARCH- DEACON GUNTHER. Archdeacon Gnnther preaohed, from his pulpit, St. John's, Parramatta, on Sunday morning last, a sermon having special reference to ihe anniversary — then being celebrated—of the laying of the foundation stone of church (in 1797). that We give below some notes from the rev. gentleman's eloquent sermon :— And all the people shoated with a great shout, when .they praised tbe Lord, became the foundation of the hense of the Lord was laid.—EZBA iii. II. Tbe honae of God, which is the Church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.—1 TZK. iii. 15 What discussions havo taken plane of late years, what speculations aud theories have been propounded on the genesis of man! How, much has been said and written on his nature as well as hiB origin! How much speculation will yet take place! We, who accept the teachings of Holy Scripture, know what man's origin and nature is. Beoause it is fallen, Ohrist came. Because fallen, we need ohurcheB dedicated to His honour and glory. On April 10, 1803, a time of much spiritual destitution, there being but one minister for the different settlements, old St John's was opened, the foundation of which was laid April 5, 1797. Mr. Marsden arrived in 1794 (March 8), and opened a church iu Parramatta, made of two old huts, oh the first 8nnday of August, 1796; and we believe that it was chiefly through his influence that the old church was erected, the founda- tion of which w'e ever gladly commemorate. The first care of the returned Jewish exiles was to build their temple and establish the worship of God. Seady to make great sacrifices, and not deterred by difficulties, they prooeeded, and rejoiced with great joy. The like disposition is always becoming in Christians on similar occasions, when the foundation of a Christian temple is laid. What contrasts some present must have made in 1797, between the lands they had left and this new land; between the privileges enjoyed by those living in the British IBICS, and those at Botany Bay and the other kno«rn parts of this Southern land! What religious privileges many had enjoyed in their Home lands, especially those connected with our branch of the Church, Catholic, Apostolio, and Protestant! How they must have been reminded, as they saw the walls of the chnrch rising, of the many beautiful churohes they had seen —centres of light and life—true spiritual homes.— How they must have thought of the ancient, holy, sequestered piles, so lavishly furnished and endowed, with their grey spires and towers, their beautiful windows and oak fittings, their solemn services, with their teachings for the careless and godlesB and fur the pious and consecrated ! How they must have meditated on the churchyards around the churches, to which the bodies of friends and ancestors had been committed in sure and certain' hope of a joyful resurrection ! The building was about to be raised, whiah would help forward the floral and spiritual regeneration of men—a Church " vchose sole business (as Dr. Arnold said of the Church) is to do good of the highest kind." There prayers and supplications, praises and thanksgivings; would be offered, in the name of Christ, to our all-loving and merciful Father. There the pure Word of God would be read and expounded, and the Sacraments duly ministered according to Christ's ordinance. There infant nurslings would be brought to be dedicated to God, the young to be confirmed in the faith. Young men and maidens would come to ask Heaven's benediction on holy matrimony. There tbe blessed dead would be brought, when the silver cord and the golden bowl were broken, their friends and relations meeting in God's House to hear His words to mourners, before committing their dear dead to Mother Earth. Evermore may the old church be like Jacob's ladder, uniting Heaven and Earth, and a nursery for God's paradise. ' Many of the aged would weep, like the returned captives, when they saw the small preparations made and thought of other temples all magnificat in their glory and beauty. The young would shout aloud for joy, thankful that their spiritual wants were being provided for by the great English Church. The building was erected for the worship of God, for the ministry of the Word and 8acramente, erected as the House of Prayer—God's Temple. Bightly used, it would be the means of rearing a spiritual temple in the hearts of a devout and praying people, and be what the Apostle tells Timothy it is, the pillar and ground of the truth. After dealing at some length with the lessons to be drawn from the text, as having reference to the work of the Ohuroh in the world, the preacher went on to refer again to the special feature of that day's service. He said:— But we do well to commemorate events connected with the history of our Church, to hamble ourselves before God, to thank and praise Him, and to remind ourselves of privileges and responsibilities. If Christ is not loved, if prayer to God and the study of His Word are not sources of pleasure, what love can there be for the House of God, what preparation for eternity and for the worship of the Temple atiove ? Shall not this congregation to-day seek to realise their privileges and to dedicate themselves anew to Christ? O, Saviour of the world, SAve us, help us, and bless us! O, Holy Ghost, make the Church a living power, and help us to destroy the kingdom of sin and Satan! We want the Church to be kept true to her mission and to her 'glorious traditions. We want her to minister chiefly to the spiritual health Gf her children, but also to care for the whole man and the larger life of the people. We want her to be stirred to zeal, unity of effort, and enthusiasm. We want her children to be full of faith and love, and inspired by tbe Holy One. We want God's presence manifested in His sanctuary. Then may we exuect great conquests and triumphs. Then shall the spiritual leaven work great works. Then will men be attracted to her as a centre of spiritual power and energy; will love our forms of worship and our Christian year, our evangelic truth, our apostolic order; will know that it is with us of a truth. Then shall God, even our own God, bless us. We leve the place, O God, wherein Thine honor dwells, The joy of Thine abode all earthly joy excels. Lord Jesas, give as grace On earth to love Thee more, In Heaven to see Thy face, And with Thy saints adore. 