: \y :ho Small Debts Court \tb-dny p. E- Jonoe' recovered from: Charles .Cameron. £29. i IsitOd with costs 24s on a dishonored promiaory noto'. -PlointifE', consented .to paymont " by instelmdnts cf.' X2 10s por month. . Air nfflliution caso — Augusta' Parolmc Wilson v Ernest Oscar Moii)o (both of Itulga Creok)— wasocoiipying the nttention of tho Court of Petty' Sessiiins ' for n long timo to-day; and was not olosed 'whoir we wnnt'to press. A Derate ox OnosTS.— Much interest is boiiig inaiiifesto'1 in tho subject of dis cussion sot down for to-night at .t.hoDqbat-. ing Club. Tt is—" Are ghosts n rnality, or a superstition ?" Tho Ministry, led by Premier Vincent, will nrguo against tho ghostthonrv.hut somonfthe nhlest mombore of thr Clnti will contend for tho reality of ghosts nnd appviti-ms .ft is expected thoro wiU'bo a largo nttondanei' and Ihitt a vorv livoly intorost will fco folt in tlio pro- cooilings. CoxcERT8.--Thonnnunl concort given by tho piinil-i of St.Ilann- lict's ftmirnt will tuki' ploce in' the -Protestant Hall on Thurs day evening. Po-onilier 5. Tho prograinmo for tho.cqming concert, is n loilgthv one. end cmnprisos sonio oxcoiloirt selootions Tho i?uiiiit'Sciinhl ji'iipils lire also in pro gress for thoir connorf. Thcso oiitortninr innnts always sernirh tho hgiirtv co-operhtion of oil. nnd under tho able conductoiehip of tho present promoters, are suro to bp op to the ninrk. Cvcnxo.—The following nro the handi caps : for- tlio Koail Baoo for -Mr. W.- ; B. Jncksoii's (rephy. to lio run oii Wodubsday next nt 3 pan. oil til Qua tarno road, from Mr. Gifford's to tho 1 mite post noar IliittloV culvert. Mr. W. Jackson will not as starter, nnd Mr. R. Hayes will perforin the duties of jud30. C. Bisi'r. flO yards bo- hind scrutch ; S. kf-i!son. scratch : Little. GO yards ;,S. Ibouk, iOfl yjuds, mid J. Feu can 400yds. '; ' 'If, Mir DniyB.T-sAlijjio Mimnt Campbell drive. orgfaniseSl by;Aji-.;,:>j. Oibbs. cloven 'shooters quid a like nnmlior of drivers put in an nppoxritiioo. ;:TLo' t(ital; miinlicr of hnros dostrnyp.l was 2!I0;!_ tho prilioipln scores being : -0. Gihbs, 27 ; II. Popgoo, g/ ; uco. ivnyo, gi ; >v. ceagan, xi; vv. Monis, 20 ; W. Brown, . Vo. Tho yisitni-s spook highly of tho treatment they ro- ceivod from Mr. Oibbs and family. Captain's . Fj.at. — A' coriospnndont writes that tho only thing i|i thoslmpo of nmiisotnonts lioro on I'l iuco of Wulo'B liitli- day wiis n Sunday-Hchbol pionio which was attended .by about 230 children m.d - a cricket riiutoli "botwoun ' Bhiidwoml uiid Captain's Flut teams (or tho Ch-tpiimtr Cop. Thomatuh'rcHUlted'ns follows : y-Hruid wood, tiist innings 81; I 'u plain's Flat first itiuingi l22!s't'biiHd JnniiigsiUO. '.Tho'iroathw still coiitinuda dry, liiid cattle tire (lyiiig. fast., CmcKEl.— Tho Qiioanboynn Secretary is in roccipt of . n ,-lottor from tho Gundaroo Club asking if lliu Clueanboyiiu Ciuli nro engaged for Saliirilay UOnl iu'st, mid if imt ebuM thv Qoeuiib-yiiii tram moot Gunduran ctr (iu'oiuihoyaiV that day for .tho Muriel Cup ut present hold by Qiic.inhoyuii.'— The m itch bctweeu tho l.'oinhiucd Cotiutrv and thr Metropolis was concluded on Saturday, and'oiidii l in ir dmw in favour of the jutter. With fivo wickets down for 2UGIredulotiud Walters retiiiiig with 103 each) oomiludeil their Urst innings 130 ; Youli (rotirod) 78, Gould (retired) 37,' Callaway' (rotirod) 28, Garrett 27. ThocnuibinuJ to.nn scored 101) for 11 wickots; Turnqv43 not out. Lindsay 37, pfouient 24. Uyriii'31, Cqipitt'ii),' I>ryiir 14\. V. Ryrio 12. -Tho GuudarooChib not- tod fis qs the rusql't of th'oir recent canoai-t ami aocial. ' » . The ball iu aid „f tho Qiioanboynn Crickot Club takos plaint to-morrow night Jt is as woll to remind tho authoritios thut that putrid cn reason of animals are- polluting (ho waters of tho Quoaiiboyaii river, just abovo wbat is liuown as tho White Rocks, nnd tbo Piue Holo in the -Molonglo rivoc. Yankee Doodle is pure bloqded Yirg;n- hin. 1 > The Quoanhoyaii Quai tor Session nnd- District Court huvo booii'fixod for > Tudsdiiy tho 25th February, 1880. ' Yankee Doodle Tobacco , jr'icronood its, > y< nrly sale over 100 por cent. -Why was this? You. try it' and too/ . .. > S110KEU8 who onOT".thyH,nbw_' .Yankee, DoikIIo, t;iVo'it bofore-auj- otbc:. > .. ' " The marriage iuf the 'Duke of Mnribiir- A'uglf to Miss Consuoio > Yanderbilt .was celebrated at- New York on WiidilcBliiy; ! A Mrs. Louisa > Johnson ltiid -herself. and hor baby iu front of an adfurioiiig train oij > thn Glonolg (S.Ailrniiway on Friday,. arid was pullod away just in t'mo by u > man named Siin'paon, , A labourer risinod Martin Fureball was found dorid > rit " Tiis ' liouqo In' Brouglimn-st. Ho is supposed to havo fallon > downstairs. - A. man namod Thomas Croed dolihomtoly jumpod into iho > wiitor-h't South -Wharf, Melhourno, on Monday inomiug, and wna drownod. AT > tho annual mooting of tho Agricultu ral 'Socioty on Friday it was docidod, > owing to tho bad season and tho conscquont low condition ,of stuok and tho > failure of (ho crops, not to hold u show 'next year. . . Auothor big find is > reported to havo boon- made near .Siberin (W.A.I . ' ' 'o-'. .. .. . L . 1 ®he )seleotox> Belief Bill. : tnip messuro whieli has niframod rbji tbo Mntifr ftir £arids wittiio liove; thd"vory :be8t shtontioils, hOvipnght jo ijk.j, troduee on 20th of IssFJ Soptembot-,-'- If ever thore was a bill that'duglrt'fo bd-dcatt'- with on its mdrits rtn'd free frompniity'iipiri thisianroly was one.' Amidst tho'iiitori- ininahlo'tnlk Mr. Ciinuthora thought hif saw an oppbiiiihity of having it tntradticod on the date first mentioned, but ho Was' intercepted by Mr. ; Crick,' who .raised ; a ilebato apropos of nothing in. particular, and tho opportunity was lost, Thon tho Public Survico Bill, porsonal px'planntibiis, j;ho Dean Caso, tho Loan Bill, 'and a senro of Other matters gninod precoilorioo and it was' not until tho 30th Ootober thut' Mr. Curruthera was enabloil to Again invito ati tcntinn to his measure whioh has n vital iinpoi-tanoD for many hmdholdors and lirdH- poetivo laudholdors, Evon then hon,- mnmbors insisted in indulging in n preli minary skirmish boforo seriously approach ing tho bill. Tho ohjeotof the bill is to further promote settlomcnt on lands con ditionally purchased from tho C rown by providing for tho reduction of tho linnuul payments' in respect thereof, and for' a reduction of th'o'ratoof interest'uow pay- nblo upon certain conditional purchusoo ; to mako f urthor provision for tho conversion of conditional purchasos and conditional |eqses into homcstoad scl-'cte ns ; unl to effect such ninondinonts in tho existing l'uw us may ho necessary for those purposes.' According to tho bill tho period for ropay- uientof the pnrohaso inqnoy and- interest will bo oxteiidod from thirty-two to sixty- four yoai-s lit tbo option of tho selector who applios. That will enable tho Crown in every cnao tont onco reduce tho paymeiits to Oil per ncro where an ordinary solootion has boon taken up. This is n cuncossio'n which «'o are confidant wilt bo greatly ap- pieciatod by n vory lurge body of selectors ig those districts and who wil1 regard it as a very grout boon indood. Ill tho cuso of sprcial-hioas. should thn bill boooino law tho Oi'.iwn'.will .bo onublcd to rcdudo - tho liay- incnts to two-thirds tho amount. Auothor concossion is inndo to -thoso. sqlootors who linvo not obtninqd thoir holdings under what are ccmniouly called tho repealed acts and are still nnvimr 5 nor cont. In- stead of having to inaka iui application to ennvort thoir iioidings undor tho existing laws, tho pmchasas iu tho caso of those selections will carry interest ut tlio rato of 4 percent. inxtoud of 5 per cont. Prnvi- Biou is nlso uiado that 111 the case of residential con'ditiounl purchasos to tho full extent nf u soi'jqs iip ti 1280 .'.acres, in the eastern diyisimi, and up. to 2360 aoros in, tho .Central divisiun, whore .the-. pur- . chaser is dissatisfied . with- -the ,piioe ;put upon his lundp-or; is '.unlibte' to --meet tbo'' niiiiuul-'iiistillu'iehts ho mo'y ' apply tA-' lfdvo his huldihfi converted' 'into a'"' lUdriiistea'd' selcctinh, and oh tus'dciiig so oitjie'r ho or tho Minister may demand a rouppraisomont of price.. Thus, Mr. Cun- utliors oxpluined,- if tho land is only worth 10s per aero, anil tho selector bus to pay ill an ncrol ho can demand a reappiuisoinnnt, But if 011 tho other hand tlio Minister .dooms that, tho luud is portli £g, £3or £4an acre, in itsuu- impmvedstatohodomqiidsareappruisomont. 'Ipioposc by this clnuso," saidtho Minister " that wn should - havo-'-ovon-handoJ -jns-' tico - justice to tho Rtute ns well us ju-tieo to tho sottlar." It is not possible to fully follow out all tho provisions of tho hill within tlio scopo of a singlo arlioto ml it may bo snmo.tiino before wo havo an op portunity of reourring to tho subject again as thoro are others which douiand 'our s'" tontion. Wo may point out, however, that under tho bill tho pastpuyraonts that havo boon mnilu by a saloi tor — payment extend ing to n period of 1 on mo to, fiftoon years shall bo taken into'coiisidoration in regard, not only to tho interest in tho past, -but in regard also to tho rent in tlio fntorc-A-t idt .what has booitpaidas font on a. cpuditional p .rchaso, when tho conditional, purchase is converted into a homcstoa.1 soleotmn, shad bo c'ohtudorod tho . rent for tho pas.L ; but, (hat portion of tho money whioh has boon paid as part and parcel of. tho purchase money shall ' bo croditol to the oolootqr'a account end shall bo used as 11 fund for future yoare until tho" font of 2J por cont., whioh is the rout charged on tho homestead soloctioiivl>ns nb<sqt;!rp) tho '."wW «"noui)t to tho credit -of tho solcctor. Tho hill as tablod by tho Minister givo's tho powor or rnthor tho right of ronppraiaemont iii tho caso of rbsidontiat conditional purchasos whore thoy havo linen converted intohomo- atoad solcctious; anil milinary Holec'taf who' hastuken up liis land in the old way gets no voliot nt all. Ho cannot demand' a re- appraisoiiiont of Iho prico por core. Ho has convouuntod with tho Crown to pay £1 an acre and that sum ho must cont'nuo to pay unless ho iB propnr-d to- convort his soluction into a komostcud sclootion. An iiiiiondm'ont movo'd by Mr. Waildoll in ivour of giving conditional pqrahegoni. who hud soloctod land not worth £1 por. apro (ho right to havo such prioo' and instolmcnte reduced, was stronunusly opposed by the Minister for Lands and ultlmutoly ruled out uf.ordorVy.tbd Chairman' p( Commit- toos. ' . . . . - ' "- ' Puupera:in .-Holland- who aro too lazy io work nro effeo'tivoly' oured- by an ingouidu's soheme;, Eaoh'/intiti'Ia put singly into h .oistoi;n..;niHl " ii" flow or wutur is turndd on.' By brisk cx- crtion the (u«y raau is nble to ")u\rap out the Orator as it runs in, and 'suvo himself front drawuing. 