EORY O'MORE, ? 4» ? (With Apologies to Samuel Lover.) CHAPTER XVI. A.N ' 1EISH' PAIE WITH ONLY ' ONE*' EIGHT IN 1T# — x-e welskein's metamoephoses. — LEARNED PIGS. — KOASTKl') DUCKS. — LOVE AND MUllDRIl; -feC, &C.; De LaoY had been for some dajs in expectation of going to a coiRfobooring fail1, which had the imputation of being a ucooo of great Knommenfc in Leland, and a vary characteristic thing ; and as he had neve*1 witnessed oach n mooting, bio Cariosity wao not a little escitod. It wao_agroad that he end Eorv, as well aa his aioter, with lies; saitOE Conoliy, who, by the way, wao not o favoured, thGagb a devoted loves, ahould form a party, fco frhich Paelim O'Flaucgan begged to be added, aad tho request wao granted. ' Yon must not tspoct, though,' ooid Rosy, addressing Do Lacy, ' that we'll havo _aa much San m aoaal ; for, joa aee, the psopla being mom united, tho? won't fight ao muofo as thoy do in commoDj ond tha laictioas aro laid down by com mon coasts oafcii suotLSFQ got oraoofch again ; and when wo liava 'juatieo and kappintsts anioag ua once moi'a. why then wo can enjoy cui' pri vate battles according to tho good old fashion.' 'That's tha thing that surprises me,' said Do Lacy, ' wby you cro so food of factioaa. Yog are good-humoured and pleasant fellows enough individually ; bat whoa a sot ol you got to gether, you eeaieoly ovof port vsuhout fighting.' 'Why, you sod, sir,' said Paulina, 'it ia tho nature of eqde io bo disputatious in thsie vari 008 degreos, Icings for Iriagdomg, scholars fo? argument, and so oi2 ; and tho dispatctiou^noss of human nature is us like to brocik oat about wbich baeoay is tho bast ball-playera on1 huilers, os if Eaosio vindicated Pfoooia, ol1 Proosia vin dicated Eooqid ; for yon kaow, sk, beifjg t- Bcholof, that fcho viadietiyenoos of naiioao to each ethos io ao eqo?q than ths viadicti^enoso of the humon heai't, which ia Da dsmoaotratod in a pQtish, or o barony, oi1 a toc/clond, oe the iiko, as in the more ekcnmaenbod eifcle oi an empiro oe a pjinoipalatiue, all ds ono as a oi?ole is a o\tch, whatevoif tho oiza of it may be, h-om o platte? up to a caziwhcel. Q. E. D. What was to be demonstrated !' and Pii&lim; took saaff, as usnal. ' Admirably domonotpatod indoed !' oaid Do Lacy, maintaining his gmvity ; ' but, ii the mattee m dispute bo bcll- plcyiag a? V7festliog, woold not tho suveofc caothed of settling the bnsiness bo, to play aa equal match o£ oithe^ oi the given gomes, instead of baatinc each ofcha* P' ' AEeah, what eloe do wo do ?' ssid Eovy. 'You alloys fight., iabtsad.' 'Bat how caa wo help that? Sara, we always do challenge each othap fco play o match oi boll or hulling, and thoa, in the ecurGe oi ploy, cno man gives o false ball, oe onothoB coto it, and then thoEo'o d diopato about it ; oe io hnsliag, the same way, in fcho heafc of tho same, maybe the fellow before you is just going to hava the ball oil to himself, and you a£to2 him, hot root, v^het can you do but give him a tpip P and cwoy he goes head over hools, and if he'o not disabled, JShjQre's a ohonee ha loses his temper, and comeo jfco {trip you, whoDj maybe ho io not so necessita iak to trip yog ad job wese to t?ip him, and that doaen't otazii to i-easoo In you? opiaion, and Esaybe yoa can't help giving h\w Q plip of the kari, and dovyn he gosoj and thea, mtiybe, one of his baxooy oeeo that, and doean?fe think it seasonable, and flaps at you, and ao on it goes like fiw ataosjg fl.es, and tho play tains into a fight in no time ; and, indeed, ia the long-run wo find 'tio the best way of arguing tha point, for there might ba come factious opiiito would dispute about the fairnees oi this play, ot tho fairnesQ of that play, and that it was un accident settled the game ; but when it eomeo to ?oal fighting, there cnu be no words about it, for, you /spe, when j/ou drive every mothor'a son o£ them ^afojfe you, and fairly le&tbee; thorn oxtt oi the field, fcise#3 cau hp 30 saiotuke about it.' ' Bojb d'oen ho'fc that p tad a pa bod blood amoagst joa?' said Do Lacy. ' ' By no moana,' said Eoey ; -f why ohoold it J1 Sare, haven't they tho chance o£ wolloping ue the next time?' 'And that perpetuates the dispute,' oaid De Lacy, ?' To be qu?o,' aaid Eovy ; ' tbot's the fan oS it. Oh, it would only bo s cowardly thing to be 'alwoys fighting a party jou were sare to beat! $hWo would ba an ond of the glc?y eatijolv.' * ' .'} 4-U pofty',' thooght De Lacy, ' is like Eory't gamo oi .licrliag j thoso;who are out ondeavoai 'to trip up fcbesswho s?o in, and, ia conclusion ,ihe only game la ft is to lohtuer tbetn'cut of the ?$eld.; wrher'a .there can ba no mistslifl tiboot it.' £tVa8,tha nsit day following' Eory's bdc Efheiip'ri ologa'prit, Incid, and reepnabls osposi tion of the uectflsitjr end propriety o£ 'par.tjj fights, that tbs fair w*g h'oldoc,' and the party &8 already named, started for the scene o BUjnaemoiit j-Conclly having thp honou? o being gciatloiaan-ia-waiting on Mary O'More handing her over stiles &?. ; Paelira and Boif] bearing Da Lacy company. Oa arriving at the scone of action, they fonnc Ih'e fair tolerably 'tbroncjed,' os tho phrase is is Ireland, and tho moment thov wete well oa thi ground, Oonolly coraTaoaced thesoneaof gallan t?iss which every aspirant to a psetty girl's favour goes through on a fahr- day, bj baying b large stock o? gin^ofbreQCl cakes, which appeared to have basn ma&m; ol brown papof and t?oaolo, and apples to aaoteh, and ;?equouting feho whole poirty, including Do Lciey, who was moat poiitolj solicitor], to p'dtiako oi iha tooefc. Wov/j waon people D5?o nt icaiss, it is a point of iiooom1 to oat and daink, and see all that you coo, it! ohost, till ycu oaa oat, and drink, and ggo bo moi'o ; and all the party pi'oaont, oscapt Do Lacy, sooraod dfltorraincd fchfiii- kaaeras.1 ohould not ho called in qnootioi}. Tho cabo nnd nppla ntando wot'e ganofnllj foraaod by the eoEQiaoia cap o£ tho country bsiag bnefeoi into whatovoii1 pooition it. oonld tcko tip uu Lko Sniff-gi'ound ; and tho liorso boiug anyokoci, e, feckad polo o£ nuffioioHt otrength wao atacli in tho gsound, and tho back band oi the cos1 boisg dopoaitod betv/aoa tho prongs, it at oace uutamsd Duppoei; ; aftoj? rchiofo oomo vyottleo (long uupplo boughs) baiag bam ovqe thevohiolos a quilt waa thrown aoi'osd theoe suotic saftoes to icim an awninrj;, and tho cakos and apploo xtqso apifead on corao oaeka, poi'hups, or Qoniething equally comgo, anythiag, ia shott, to covei' tha biire boards o£ the oar, that o:o bably earned a load o£ sand oe earth, o? aomc thiag not oo cigroeable, tho day before, nad wat aor/ at oaco convoetod into a calre-ahop. Ia one coi'noi'1 oi the oonearn, o glaaa aad c, black bottle, with soxaothiag in ifc, wors »;o be seen ; aad oadej tho cat', from tho iosiddla o? a buadia o£ straw, yoa might pesfcoivo the mnzzlo of a largo jar pjotsodiag, r/haoca tho black bottle couli be jfoplaniahsd aa ooaaaioa required. Booths weia ejected foi' tha accomtModation of those who choGo to done?, and driak to sjelresh themsolvos ; aad both thaae amuoaEG^nfcSj that ie to aoy, dancing ond drinking, saomsd to be the otaplo coiamodities ot the fair, evao ot on early Isous ; bofc tha dancing tonto wsro aofc ia thair full glory till such latos ia tho day. Thees was throwing for giDssrbjend, ond obhor Qosasotaon's incidontal to oueh aooneQ ; hot noth iag vary stirring it* thio liao osemed do yafc to have sot icv. So tho pavty st^ollod oo thvou[»h tho cvourd,? Eoify Eoasai'fciag to Do Lacy aa thoy | went, thaE lie feoid him ihoto would bo little or no fun™' Asad 'JQU qbo feet? quiet thoy ase,' aaid Rory. 84 God sew yoas rhslW said d well-d^oosed peaoont. ' God QG70 you kindly,' answosad PhGlim. ' How dose the gosuoono do withoufc you, Pfaelim, agra ?' 55 Oh, I gaFQ tho cL'QaiGJQS a holiday,' said Phalim. 'I don't like to bo too hard on thota. EsoEciao io good foe the goasoono whoa they ore at college, Sop leasoing lies heavy oa tho Gto&aach.;' ' Tsuq xov yoa, PholiiE, Not that I know Much about learning 5 but I know yoa muotn'fc beoak tho hoart ol a young oolt.' And do oayiog, off Phoiloa's Mead V7oat8 Thoy now opproaclissd a portion oi tho fois.1 wkeeo qgIqq oi oattlo wore going UoL'waL'd. ' How io tho boDDts going P' oaid Eo?y to a ' Indeed, ifc°o back thov'H bo roiqk,' acid tho farmer ; il theKs'a no pricoa ofc all hoeo— fchio io, £oi' boDsfco ; but I henr piga ia lively.'' 5t Whet's thara I sgq up oa She hill P' ddig! Eoey. ' la it ooldioso ?'° ' No looo;' oaid tho Sa?aaoE.' ; ' thoagh, indoed, they might save thamaolvoo tho trouble, — thoy come horo to watch uo ; but there won't bo a blow ofcruck to-day.' 'Thsuo foe 3/00,' aaid Eory ; oad ao tboy parted. They nost approached n ahow-bo^ who^a an sshibition of Punch and Jady aoemad id give groat omuoemani;. That injiQEODting dbmeotic history wao aboui hnlfway through when oue1 heio aad hia par j uprivo j; and Eory had baoo tolling in a has.y aaonnes to Mary tho nature of Panoh'o advaatu 00 as thoy approached. 'Make haate novi',' said Rory, 'for it'a bottes not o ploy. I oeen a phy when I was in Dublin ; but Ponch and Judy is woi-th two of it. Run ! run ! there ho is going to kill hio wife and child, tho comicol owld blackguard !' Thov arrived in tiDio to witness tho daath ot' Mts. Punch aad the child, and then tho doctor waa Q.nt fov. The doctor made his appeasaace ; and Puuch) after hia legitimate tqueek begon — ' Docta-?7-r '— — ' S i?u ?' aaid cho doctor. ' Can you euro say wife P'——' Yes, sare.' ff What m\\\ yoa Rive ho* ?' 'Some ghoot'a milk.'' Rory otaifcod. ' By all that's good, £hat'a himsnlf !' Bs.id ho. ' Why, ip it a unle docthe? P' acid Mary. 'No, do,' caid Roj-y. 'I was only ? -'he pause--), and withdrawing from Mary, he beck oned D.i L';cy itow tho group, and said, 11 Tbot'u Dr. Dovildkin that' a theire,' pointing to to the show-box. ' Wbayo p' said Do Lscy. ' There,' said Rory, pointing sgoiH ; 'inoido the shov7-bos. 'I'll tske my oath it's him, I thought I knsw hia voice at first ; but I'd uwoar to the ghost milk/' Aud so it was Da WflskfeiPa It hgg boon said that he was fond' of iutriftuo and Edventnro, and he was quite ia his elament in thas inusqao rsding it through the country ; end while ho wan sowing rebellion from hia Iov(- of TGVolution, and yeopioR profit from bis tobacco, it wsa pride and glory to him to be playing the buffopn at tho name time, which woo at ones a courco of plea sure and oeourity ; for tho arauKRler was neve? long in one spot, bat obooging to different cho SAOters. ' I went to see him,' Q&id; Do Lacy, ' and am glad of this shacoa rasotiug. We eiuot watch an opportuaity to speak to him 57000 tho ofoow ia ovwr.' While fclifly wol1© waiting for this, a g&'oup 0? hosaemoa approaehod the tshow, aad Roty osaongai; fcheta sow Squiffo Eaabfasd, fcho pasoon, Swoiiiay, and Sorabbs ; tho kttoe engai-od in coo vacation wit Is 'tha colonol' — ho hnd givon Rory his Eroodosoa and Mq pass. Eory saw thoro wca nothing i:o? it but fco rofevoot, go, if hu WDi'e aeon, tiis whole finotine about Mra. Bornbbn would bo blown, bo would Rot into trots bio, and hiy ariffio bo in fcho colonol'n ponseosion, who, it would be voaioraborod, Iind novoe, in hin husE-y to dioaiao ous? Saero, aolcod who ho was. Thorefo?o, screoning hiraeolE bohind Do Lucy, he told him how mattorQ Qtood, and taking Mury aad Oonolly with hiaa, ho loft Do Laey with Paolim I'oi' 0 ^Qido. 'If wo don't meet aga'm in tho fair,' said Roty, -e wo ffiusfc only wait till wo get homo;' and ho retired rapidly t'/om tho opot unob ietved by tha hovoemon who hnd caused hia fctsidon retseat. Appuoacbing thon a pluco of rcadezvoas with Mary end Oonolly, .'Rory loft thorn, and they returned to witaeas tbo Snulo of Punch cod Judy. liory pushod his way through tho principal row 0? booths, where tho dancing aad di'ioking tvere ^oing «n picapeyQualy, and oatoring that ander whoso sign Qia appointod meefciag with his sistar aud her eavalioi1 wcq to tuko place, hs sst down, and calling for ti Email portion oE drink, refreshed hioisolf, intending when 1 hat wag over to rest himself with tho dancing. While he sat, ho perceived Bogon aad Kathleen eutar the farther end of tho booth, and his hsftit bounded at tho eight of the girl he loved ; but hia joy was damped afc tho thought that in her brother's proueHco ho had better not approach her. To his aaGpoakoblo ioj), how ever, he oar/ Regan depart, leaving Kathleoa, atter cipookiagD 'leu words to her; and whau ho was some Qt-iconda gone, Eory moved towards ib.Q -]k'i 0? kia heovt gsily, and, ds hee houd t wag tGL'2o-3 prtyay, he proposed ourpridag he? by i feio iarftisetcs % so approaching anobaOiFsd, he . topp-ati &iO;:3 C:-t£artly on tho Dhouldoi-, and had his «B03y daaing smile reody fco raoet hoi' whoa . shci -Ca'JaoSo When oho did tuva, inotoDd of tho Qssh oi §oy t/hich Bo^y auticipated, n deadly paleness and a look of rssorve we^'3 on the ecuttt&pnnco; o5 Kathleen, and Rory's blood ran cold to hia ho an. ?' Whet's t'ho matfcoe, KnthleQSi dooE ?' oaid Eovy. Kothloon eoald not ano\7Qi% 'What is the matter P — for God'o ooko tell eae !' acid Rory impreasivoly, for ho qcw by tho girl's mannoe that an unfavcurablo impression had boon made noon hee oq regarded him. ' Royy,' oaid Kathleen, with that reproachful 'cone which an offended uomen only can asoumo —' Roi'y,' snid aho, ' noed yoa ask me p' ' Whofc h-avo I done, KothLoon j&wal;?' 'Oh, Eory i 00 soon to deeoivo &ad; fcbiak Up.bfc 0' me !' 'Me, Kathloon!— by dl that'o good^—' ' WhiDht, Eogy— whiohfc! ?— clearing won't Bfloke it battep.' ' Bat what id it, Kathleen P' ' Oh, Eory ! don't bo do doceitful, Yob Isqow yen've wrocgod mo !' ' By thin bleoctd light 1 Iqovgi1 wroDged you( K*thleon!' Thoro wciq aomothia^ boaiing oach inherent Qvidenoo oi siaeority in Rory'o mannei?, that Kathleon hesifafcsd for a HJomeot, ond looked inquiringly into hio face ; but ouddenly with drawing hor eyso and dropping her voicot sbo said, ' I willingly believe you, Rory— but ? ' 'But what?' said Eory. 'I don't Iiko to dccu'qq yoo} but yoa know — =— ,' cgiiin sho pauoed. ' Whtit P' Qiiid Sory, impationtly. 41 Tho cellar,' aaid Kathleen. Tho word was enough. Wiih all that magic rapidity of thought whiola instantaneously linko 0 ehniu of circumstancea together Eory oaw that ah condnct in Dd Welskoin'a colior had baen misropEODontQd ; and when ho remembered how ti).o (-i?l ha hod danced with had faateaed horoelf upon him, ho could not; but see the opinion oE the V7oman ho waa counting — ho was siloncod by Kathleen's one word — and sue, mistaking big uilence for guilt, waa rifling to leave the fcootb, whan Eory, taking her hand and pressing it closely, or,id? 41 Katbloen, you wrong me \ I know what you mean, but-—' ' Lot go my hand,' oaid Kathleen. ' You had bottor Icok for tho hand oi? tho lady yoa Iiko bo much ; I believe you can find hop in the Jl'iir ;' and aho again mado an effort to go, bat Eory otill detained her, ' Kathloftii,' scsid ho, 'it ia only Shcii Dhu could {oil you thip, nud I did not tfsink ho hod c.g black a hoiut ; fo?f by this light. — — ' ' 'Whisht!' nsid Kathl'.en. in terfor, 'leave naa, leave mo ; Shan ia coming back— I sjo him.' ' Wfll» promise to meet mo till I dear myself fco yoa.1' ' J&ory;, don't be strivi'ug to dsooiyo a poo? girl —go, I toll you.' ' I won't go, unless you ps.'omioo.' ? ' If you'vo any pity for mo go ; Shan is close by,' f'3?fomiGe!' said Eorv, impressively. tfI will, then,' said Kathleen, faintly. 'Meet 5gofo by tho rofca, near tho bridge,' said Mtiif, *1R--Tnwrrow evening, God blesa yoa, KathleoQj and never believe I- have tho aeanfc bsno enough to wi'oag you !' So uojiag, ho kiasod her hand passionately boJoco sho could withdraw its and clipping oaft lavough oe oponing ia the aide o£ tho booth, he loft ii without boiog paroeived b.7 Rspan. Poos Eory uqq heai't-aick At the thought of Kathleen's coldness, and ho looked forward xvith tho impa tience and longiog of & child fo? tha moxkow'B evoniog, wuich he hoped would nervo to ohane every doubt from her mind. 'While he was moving through tho crowd hio retention was at ttaatod by a pacty of SHumraorn, who were parad iag up and down on n platform, in disty rngs sprinkled with ennty opangloB, and nmongnfc them ho recognizod i;be girl fchnt hod boon 00 owoaton him ia tho oolkiv ; ho |,hen t'oinomboeod Koth lopn'a Baying, ' I believe yoa cao Iind hog1 in the faisJ,' and tho fchought atraclc him that Eogan might have ovoq poinfcod out tho flouifishiHg aamesl be£o?o him as his paramour, and Body's shaaie waa iucrauBod, fov, with hei? ruddied cheeka, short pattiooata, aad shabby finery, she woo a most diagaeting object, though rather & fine girl. While Rory looked at hor, he fancied be caught hor eye, and its braa^n glare waa Sos a osoEaant darkened by u demoniac expression, and inscGiitiy withdrawn. Hd wishod raore and vaow tor tbo evening of the morrow. On he went thsoufth tho raeio chsin of lents, bn^- seeing tho equii'd and eolousl epproachiEg again, ho took ti. abort tui'n round ono oi the booths and avoided thorn; and, making a detour, he returned to tho pities whore ho had appointed Mary and Couolly io meet bicj, and there he found them waiting. Joi&iDg; company, they commsneed another Gambia through the fair, ond at length reached a booth whence there procoeded much iangiites'j and t.t tho door of: which a beapangled buffoon was inviting ihe people to sntar and eee the woadeciul conjutoB who could tall fottunea oa eciifdo and euro all sorts of di-it-aseo. This promised mach divciiftjicn, and the laaghtsr con oiauing to appeai to the curiosity of thooe oot side, a trosh putty, including our horo, his si&tai;?, and hei1 admirer, entorod. Hero thoy saw a mon ia n bog' wig aad cocked hat, laced coat and EufHos, performing various oleight-of-hand tricks wit a. cardis, and oihor feats of legerdemain ; and Dfiee making his buholdera' ayes tho bizo of odh' cars witn wouder, and ihsir moutho of equal capacity, he proceeded to offer for uale various aoBiruujo fo? the euro of disoasea ; amongst othoro he produced ono which he pfoiootod most solemnly was Gupeno? to ' ghost'o milk.' 11 Dovilfikin agoin !' said Eory to himaelf : ' Devilskia, 0UEie_Gnough !?— mofQ than the ekin, by my aoul, Sob I thiuk ho'o tho d ? 1 him' naif!' B.oi'0 wao another oaotflmoepboso of tho Ffeuch man. Ho waa io hio -glory : he had a atoll in tho fair, in good hands, 'for tho aslo of tobacco, and he woo masquerading it and making money in another quurtor ; a French ogoat in the middle of tab fair, ryhese tho army were lookerfl' on to Dee that no mischief wao going forward ; — thio was hio glory, ihe intrigue and eomanoe de lighted him. {To he continued.) 