pith. The new morning daily will be known as the Australian Times. The wheat yield of tho United Kingdom this season is the smallest on renord. The world's yield of wheat for this year is 232,000,000 bushels under last year's return. A further rise io wool is anticipated. It is really time our pastoralists had a turn ? of substantial luck. Mr Reid is getting his carpetbag ready to proceed to Londou to talk the Commons ? into antagonism against the Legislative Council. An ?' infernal machine.' The Landowners opinion of the Land Tax Machiuery Bill. A recently sentenced prisoner described himself as a ' Free Lance. He is a sheathed lance now. What a scene that must be at Lourdes where 25,000 sick pilgrims are awaiting their turn to be dipped in the miraculous waters. The Premier ia in a tight corner over those exemptions. They may land bim ou his Upper House's heels, i Sunday last was a sort of ' Black Sun day ' for New South Wales. The fire fiend was answerable for much excitement. Surgeon Lea, of the Ringarooma', got no satisfaction from the Admiralty. This is a severe snub to nnanimous publio opinion throughout Australia. Eugland has an alien difficulty as well as Australia. The Shahradab of Afghanistan refuses to quit the country and court etiquette is outraged thereby. The manager and valet to Baron Roths child will no doubt ask for an increase of salary. Handling and opening bomb loaded letters is a ticklish task meriting handsome pay . It is not true the Sydney Morning Herald will shortly publish a series of articles on the efficacy and reasonableness of Anarchy. The Herald should : always be .given time to think. Professor Anderson Stuart holds many offices from the State and draws the accep table sum of £1589 3s Gd annually. Dalley's name is cot to die .out. _ His eldost son-^-another William Bode — has j ust married a young lady pf Manly. Seven more young fellowB have been ad mitted solicitors of the Supreme Court of New South Wales. How are we going to keep the overgrown army of sharks. One of our smartest young Members lias a horrible habit of 'sniffing.' He apparently does not recognise how exceedingly obnox ious this is to men of refined and cultured habits. Another semi-youthful Member endeavors to reign outside the Houbc through super ciliousness. He imagines he succeeds, for hia toadies cringe, and gentlemen walk aw&y; with the qileuce t-f contempts ?#* ^ flfpr ^ A Sydney netifepaper publishe® fcn article* , on ' Modern Madhouses ' and does hot in clude Parliament House of New South Wales The article is obviously incomplete. What Australia wants is just such a bene ficent boom as that which now vitalises the United States. Sydney is woll *' Joe-ed ' at -the present time. The American preacher Joe Cook at Centenary Hall. 'Joseph of Canaan' at ' Her Majesty's.' ' Gentleman Joe ' at 'The Lyceum.'' Ban-jo Easton at 'the Empire,' aud another Joe Cook at the Post Office. Messrs. H. S. Badgery, Edmund Barton, Thos. Buckland, Thos, Davis, T. H. Kelly and E. Vickery, are the provisional directors of the new daily paper. * Now that Dibbs, Parkes, Sutter, Copeland, Kidd and Toby Barton, are out of the way, the lesser lights of the opposition have a chance of Ministerial honey when Mr Lyne acquires the Premiership. The Queensland Labor Members who sued the Speaker of the Assembly for damages for wrongful suspension, and failed with costs against them amounting to £888— the three 'eights ' are ominous — asked Parlia ment to pay the bilL But Parliament re fused the patriotic appeal. The Sunday' Times is publishing a story entitled ' The Gentleman Larrikin ' The romance should be followed by. 11 The gentle Anarchist,' ' The mild murderer,' 'The docile pugilist,' ' The virtuous corespon dent.' ' The affectionate wifebeater,' ' The sane lunatic,' and ' The disinterested legis lator.' Windeyer met Price M.P. in the street shortly after the elections and congratulated him on. his victory. Thejnember for » Glou- cester and the judge in the Dean case are personal friends. That ugly motion however, qiay cause a serious breach in their rela tions. j Cardinal Moran says Australians possess characteristics yhich will enable them! to build Up *( a grand and glorious state.' His Eminence evidently means the state of the betting market. * A Sydney journal threatens to publish a list of the promincnt .publio men .and dis tinguished judicial ana civil servants who gamble on Randwick Racecourse. The social gimlet bores again*: ;* : ' Raising the 'wind V Ihreatens toi ' raise the dead. ^At Nathalia^Vie^ where ^ hall T on hehalf bf th'e cemetery was given recently Ghosts aud spirits must have looked on 'the festive scene with bewilderment. - * ' ; The fight over. Land Taxation has only just begun. _ The fight for Local govern ment began ^20 -years ago. ? Just now there is a lull In hostilities. When the twentieth century is well advocated people .will still be .advocating Land Taxation and Local Government'for New South Wtiles— that is if the province is not by then surrendered to the bailiffB. ? The Rev. Geo. Walters has scored a dis tinct success as a dramatic Author. His . Joseph of Canaan ' produced in a splendid mapner at ' Her. Majesty's ' on Saturday night 'is a remarkable play; The pious , Multitude whose religious scruples prevented I them ' visiting theatres trill no doubt ' oon I sftientiously visit -George Rlgnpld's -^Theatre j during theruu^f this Blblioal'sp^ctaole. | Price -Warung,'- wha- Jjullt-up-a - solid reputation ob a literary artiBt on the Sydney Bulletin/ has determined to . launch ont spn his .own account, ' He will own and edit a pungent; pointed and epigrammatic journal, ' Price Waring*' will receive the solid sup port of the discriminating Inhabitant who desires delectable literary dishes. 