General Items. ? ^ - ? * ? There is a company organised . }n England which insures jou against burglary. . ''jJ^:.--...^ ^ The plant and machinery Pt '*'?' Broken HiU Aj?e have been - seized under a billot B»4e. At ?» kangaroo drive at Willow Glen, near Bathur.et, the other day, 717 marsupials were destroyed. The copper load in the vicinity of Tonnabutta is now being developed. Experts speak very highly of it. . ] There is a wonderful revival of trade in America, which is causing a rise in prices and increased activity throughout the world. A waterspout hae burst over Kobers dorf, in Germany, causing disastrous floods for miles arounoV^ne hundred lives have been losti*J»\ ^ ? ? Mr m Terrible floods aave oocurred in Northern Hungary, and man|-. persons have been drowned. ,-' w_ , y I-ai^^d^rflph,Xjon3i)p,haBtpeni^ . lygEJtnffiaB&Tds;' the ! national' tSefc flmoj^Bco Dr. W, G. Grace, the yeleran cricketer^ and has limited the subscriptions to Is each. It heads the lyrtr'with 2000 'shillings /and urges .Australia to contribute to the testi monial. Miss Edith Walker,/ the. Sydney millionairess (she ia£J-by far the wealthiest woman in,'' Australasia, nnS is Vvorth' two solid millions of sovereigns) nupportB a^Jjidies' rowing club, aquatics being-tone of her pet fads. ..;.:' ? -'. ? / ,l. Popular AuBtralSn svperstitions: Snakee'jtion't die .Mil sunset, — It is always/ the night-shift that strikes the reef with rich patches in it. — A horse with three- if hits feet can't win a race. — Cattle -jon a' camp see ghosts. ; Queensland offers a prize for tbe best new cate cutter. Schoolboys will doubtless feel a keen interest in thiB competition. Down Rooty Hill one of the main industries is cutting firewood by steam for the Sydney markets. In many cases the wood on the land down there is more important than the land itself. Mr T. Wilkins in formed us the other day that he saw £1000 cash given for tbe right of timber off a big paddock owned by Mr (Dr.) Milford, a sister of Mr R. M. Fitzgerald, ot Tongay station. — Ex. Sir. T. F. Buxtub, tbe new S. A Governor, is a very mild looking gentleman with a Bhaven upper lip, and air of great humility. He is a strict teetotaller, and partnerin a big brewing business. Evidently he holds that principles are quite apart from business. According to the returns of the uoara ot iraae ine imports into tne United Kindgom for the month of May show an increase of £C- 18,028 and the exports for the same period show an increase of £860,532. A miner named Alexander Sl'Millan was being lowered down a bhaft at Gulgong, and when down about 120 feet he called out to be hauled up as their was foul air in tbe shaft. Losing consciousness, he fell off the rope but fortunately his foot' caught in a loop, and he was hoisted to the top head downward. In the opinion of the London Ob server the British Government is to weak to appoint a new Goveraor of New South Wales, fearing that the electoral ennsequenoxs would consti tute a danger to the Empire. The Edinburgh Scotsman advises British investors not to assist the Victorian Government to found a State bank, which it declares would injure the existing banks in the colony. A side question at the Dean Royal Commission enquiry : — Sir Julian Salamons to clairvoyant witness : an you tell us when this case will be finished P The President; .You would then relieve us of a great re sponsibility. The only toll-bar in the colony is on the road between Rooty Hill and Winsor, near tbe estate owned by tbe Rouses (Biraganbil). In the early dajs toll-bars were on all the prin cipal roads of tbe colony. — Western Post. George G iff en has been presented with. a purse of £400 in recognition of his services to South Australian cricket. The ublic has a natnrala ver sion to seeing a good cricketer un appreciated. That does not extend to journalism, fortunately, — Ex. In the colony just now wa had politics which were kaleidoscopic. We had so many parties. One hardly knew the wishes of any particular party. Had anyone told him a month ago that there was any possibility of any alliance between his old chief, Sir George Dibbs, and Sir Henry Parkes, he would have scouted the very idea. Politicians really at times had strange bedfellows. He did re sent, and would resent, whatever the consequences m'ght be to himself, the alliance of bis party with Sir Henry Parkes. He knew Sir Henry long, and knew him well, and had known him as a man whom politically he could not trust. He believed in working on definite and defined lines, and endorsed the press denunciation of Sir George Dibbs and Sir Henry ParkeB's connection, and did not think it was fair, taking place in the way it diii, and did not believe the people would stand it.— Mr Lyne at Corowa. If you cannot obtain 'Myfa Tea' in your district write to D. Mitchell and -Co. Clarrence-etreet, Sydney, who will arrang for a supply at once through the local storekeeper. 