PARUAtofNTARY UOTES. I EOBAUT, Wbdh&bday.; I The Council had a very short sitting to-day. They disfweed of the Standard Time I Bill, which was 'passed v tlirbugVlfS^hal stage. The Appropriation Bill was .further considered in committee, whin tnbst of . the postponed clausca were agreed . to. after which progress was reported. 6olllns took occasion, in the course of a desultory disoussion that took . place regarding the amount placed on the estimates fnrrxit-n labor, to draw attention to the number of persons employed iif the Civil Servicc who were not regular Governmei^aecvants, and who, if plaood in |he infohife tax -office, where secrecy was the chief «ttestiai, might allow information to leak ollt,wbich would be detrimental to people Whole in comes were btotight hndet rovicfr. He-wae not going to toy positively that such infor mation did got to the ' public car Jrotn thifi source, but it might if Jack or Barry were employed. The Chief Secretary said every care waB taken . by the Government to guard the interests of people furnishing re tsros, which provoked the remark from Mr Douglas tbat the income tax administration generally was corrupt. The pnblic works proposals, the ghost of former schemes, were disposed' 'of ' very briefly in the Assembly yesterday, with the exception of tbe West Coast tramway item, of £25,000, which was stonowallcd for three hours, ultimately being postponed to allow of further information being obtained. There is, however, no danger of the .tote being rejected. In committee on the Con stitution Bill the Attorney 'General proposed to make the word 'man' read 'person,' tbe object being to give women a vote. A ! long discussion ensued, and a complete sur prise was effected, nearly every member who spoke advocating female franchise. Tbe question was postponed till next day.'' ^ Ikoojub Tax Deu ands.— A number of persons residing in the country districts of Northern Tasmania have dlsreftarfifed thfe notices calling Upoh tketh to fiehd in their j returns to the district commissioner (Mr Fred. Ferguson) by the date fixed. In con sequence between 20 and 30 informations have been made out, calling uponrfhe dclin I quents to ebow cause why they were r^**'^ | in that manner. The sumr- ,-^iss turnablc at the La*** -~uunsef Bre Friday, ' --uce«ton Police Court on ' . -?« uttt., and the defendants will «iare (o pay their own travelling expenses, besides being mulcted in the tiosu of Coun sel's feet politie cotitt dpenscs, and fine in tbe base of oonvjciion. Some of tbe defend ants reside at Waratabt Latrobc, and else where, so that the amounts thlir neglect will bad die theih iHttt will b£ pretty heavy'. ddir&r; or fiEQOEGTfl.— The following is the cause-list for the sitting of the Court of Bequests to be held on Tuesday, ith inst., at 10 a.m., before Mr B. Whitfeld, Com missioner : — Adjourned came John M'Kisnos v. Thomas Boyd, William H, Enight, and Fred Howes, work and labor, £S 8b 9d ; Mr W. W. Hill fcr plaintiff, Clarke and Croft for defendints. New causes— Mrs M. Owen v. H. Blair, damages, 8s 6d 1 Mr Tyson for fplalntlJt, ftjarke and Crott lor defendant. Elizabeth Aelicroft v. O. Marrison, work done, £9 ; l!r Waldron for plaintiff, Douglas and CollLni for defen dant. Thos. Boyd v. T. Campbell, goods sold, £7 2s ; Law and Weston far plaintiff, defendant in person. Henry Button v. E. J. Ball, goods sold, £4 Is 8d ; Ur Waldron for p ainiiff, Mr Ellis for defendant. Henry Button v. B. P. Foat, goods sold, £S 18s 2d ; Mr Waldron for plaintiff, defen dant in person. Henry Button v. H. Johnson, goods sold, £2 8s id ; Mr Waldron for plaintiff, defendant in pirson. Joha and Patrick Fitzgerald v. James Herring ton, goods sold, £1 16a Gi ; Law and Weston for plaintiffs, Kr Grant for defendant. Same v. J. J. Mulr, goods sold, 10s 6d ; Law and Weston for plaintiff*, defendant in person. Win. Gibbons v. George Lee, work done, £2 10b; Mr Cocker for plaintiff, Wart in and Hobkirk for defendant. Ernest E. Jones v. E. Miller, gtiodB sold, £6 lis; Law and WeBton for plaintiff, Clarke and Croft for I defendant* Thos. W. Eerslake V. W. D. I Williams, goods sold, £8 Sb 6J ; Law and | Weston for plaintiff, Clarke and Croft for defendant. George Lee v. Henry Clayton, goods sold, £2 ; Mr Tyson for plaintiff, de fendant In person. J. W. B. Bemmclhaack I v. B. W, Smith, goods sold, £4 15s ; Mr I Waldron for jrialntiff, defendant in person. David Storrerv. Mrs Hargreaves, goods Bold, £7 9b 4d ; Law and Weston for plaintiff, Douglas and Collins for defendant. W. F. Watbcn v. Matthew Brown, rent, £3 16s 8d ; plaintiff in person, Clarke and Croft'for de fendant, George Robert West v. Arthur Beaumont, damages, £1 10s 6d; Law and Weston for plaintiff, defendant in person. S&kbatiokal; Bolt. — An event that caused a large amoant of sensation for the time being ocenrred shortly before noon yesterday. It seems almoBt providential that the consequences of the incident — a bole— were not loss of life as ,'well as damage to property. A horse attached to one of Mrs Abbott's cordial carts was standing oat* side the factory, in Patterson-street, when something caused it to bolt. It travelled speedily along Patteraon-street, and turned into St. John-street, After careering down the hill past the Woolgrowers* offices it galloped round the Esplanade into Charles street, where a miraculous escapc occurred, for the animal passed safely between a row of cabs on one Bide aud parcel carts on the other without touching them. The horse continued up Oharles-Btrect, and when at tempting to reach the stables in Patterson street ran on to the path by Boles' Hotel. Here it fell on its side, and Blid for som distance along the footbath. Plenty of helpers were Boon at band, and the horse released, without even a cordial bottle being broken. Export Timber Tbadb.— By yesterday's mail we received the following important letter from Mons. A. Bauer, of the firm of Bauer and Engelhardt, dated Genoa, June 21 : — Having at all timea taken a lively I interest in tbe timber export trade of tour 1 colony, 1 beg to suggest that there would be 1 | a splendid market for timber for paving purposes in the different cities of the Con- 1 tinent. It would be best, howover, for your exporters to apply to the Continental timber merchants direct instead of depending for it to your Agcnt-Goncral in London, a collcction of Tasmanian timber, which I have shown to several largo timber mer chants iu Germnuy, Austria, France, and iiaiy, has been greatly admired, and 1 have since received several enquiries for par ticulars re pricc, etc. In fact, a few firms declared thcmselviB prepared to order a trial shipment for the purpose of paving a street of their rcspcctivc cilice gratis- just to lost the timber and to obtain the paving contracts if results arc favorable. If your exporters cam 6hip f.o/b. Launceston 100 superficial feet for 7s, as 1 rea& In \our gazette of May 4, 1 think yon would do a grand trade with the continent. The Late Mr. Charles Burton.— Our Longford correspondent wrote yesterday : — Another old colonist, in the person of Mr Charles Burton, yesterday, at his son's (Mr J. C. Burton) residence, passed over to the great majority, having reached the age of over four score years. Deceased came to the colony in the early forties, and shortly after his arrival took up farming pursuit in the Cressy district, an industry he success- fully followed for over forty years. He then sold his farm to the present owner (Mr W. B. Mason) and came to reside on Long ford. In his young days he was an enthusiastic cricketer, and after the formation of the Cressy club — 22 years ago - was for several years its official umpire. Upright and honest in all his dealings, he was greatly respected by all who knew him, and by his death another link that binds the earlier history of the colony to the present is broken. He was for many years a consistent member of the Wesleyan Church, and up to a fortnight ago was regularly io be found in his seat at the morning service. His remains will be interred on Thursday afternoon, beside those of his wife and daughter, they having predeceased him many years. There are two sons, Messrs. J. C. and F. Barton, and one daughter, Mrs John Lee, of Cressy, besides numerous grandchildren, to mourn their loss. Blanket Loax Society ? -A meeting of the Blanket Loan Society waB held yester day at the Town Hall, Mis limit in the chair. It, was resolved that auv poor people wishing to buy blankets can do' so by paying a small wei kly instalment until they are paid for. There are siill a few blanket* available, which can be had by applying to Miss Hales, the hon. secretai-} . or ladies of the committee. Furth-r subscriptions are received Mrs Na-.ce, £1 10s ; Mrs Adams, 12s 6d; Mrs Hunt, jg. 7 The?WeathBB-— The atmospheric con* ditiona ^of ^yesterday were of a Varied and imprt&sive; character. * 'In the early morning tiblent -svinrfs and heavy ehoweft of rain prdvaUea. The formoon and aftarnoon were fairly fine, but an unexpected and ' terrifio -.atom took placc Jn. the .evening. From 9 p.m. to 11 p.m. an unusual exporienoe was in fcvidcnoe in the shape of high winds, heavy rain, vivid lightning) and- rolling' thunder.- —Towards midnight -the wind . ccased, bub the rein continued, and the fore cast for to-day is unsettled weather. Convent Ball.— The ball in aid of the building fund of the Presentation Convent is fixed to be held on Wednesday, 21st inst., in the AlbeH Hall. A glance at the advertising eolttmn6 will show tHe'v. wide spread lutei-eft that is beinjr tasetiby &U; in the movement lor iutih a l&tidaole; object. Amcbgst those who have ' given theif patronage, and have promised as tar as .possible to be present at the ball, are to be fonhd the names of His Excellency the Governor and Viscountess Gormanston, the Hons. Adye Douglas (President Legislative Goun'cll), V. W, Grubbi G. T. Collins, and H. I. llooke, . M's L.C. ; the PrerOler, Btr E. N. C» Braddon j the Treasurer, Hon, P. O. Fysh ; the Minister of Lands, Hon. A. T. Pillinger ; and the Hon.' T. Reibcy, M.H.A., member of the Ministry without portfolio; Mr Allan Macdonald, -M.H.A. } Aldermen ; P. M'Orackan (Acting-Mayor), Mr G. Crosby Gilmore, M.H.A., and Mr B. J. Sadler ; Dr. H.C. Hallowes, and Mr M. J. Clarke. Many «ets arc in course of formation, aud applica , tion for tickets should be made immediately. I The gallery wLU.bc open, and a few seats will bo tdhricQi ' A We£k at ^eecbalem.' — The Bev. T. J. Pepper delivered a most interesting I lecture last evening, the subject being a I description of a week's sojourn in Jerusalem. There was a numerous attendance. The lecturcr travelled through the city aud its environments, stopping to dwell on tbe j numerous historical places of IhteTeBl, and j bis hearers followed hixb with pleasure as he recounted the various sacred , rites, trde itnd talhe dcSfciit&d; the Churfh ox the Holy Sepulchre, Jeremiah's Grotto, j the true site of Calvary, ' Tbe Dome 1 of the Bock,' Mahomet's jadgmedt scat, Solomon's stables, th? loundfcUon of the temple, Ju3gtnent hall. These and , OEDGT Jjlacc-s worthy of mention were rc« I ferred to, with a passing allusion to the I rcccnt discovery of the Pool of Botbscda. Mrs James Barclay sang ' There. is agreen hill far away,' in her customary finished manner, for which she received unlimited applause. The second part of the lecture waB devoted to the display, by limelight, of a number of views of the Holy City and its s ilrro findings. Mr F. Btyrfnt-Brtrvfrne manipu lated the linterh. Several of the viewB trcrfi'lrianed Ifl. Wr Pepper. by the Bev. E. Harris. Mr Groie sang. ' The Holy City,' and was heartily applauded, Hiuebnian Society's 6ocial. — A very pleasant gathering was held by tbe members, of the Hibernian Society at the Bt, Francis Xavicr's scbooKroom last evening. After fche ordinary local business of the sooiety was finished a social took place amongst tbe members, when songs and recitations were freely given, The following took part in the programme The Eev. Father (VMahony, Sessrs. tJ. Farmer Y. J. Shaw, W. Tynan, J. Traynor, W. P. M'Kahon, and J. Walsh. During the evening refreshments were handed round, and all Becmed to thoroughly enjoy themselves. Mr J. J. Sheehan, jon., acted as accompanist to tbe singers on the school piano. At the close over £12 was subscribed in the room in aid of the Irish Parliamentary fuud, in re sponse to tbe appeal of Mr Michael Davitt, M.P. A Fabewbll Benefit. — Mr Walter Carle will be given a farewell entertainment -next Monday evening at the Academy, on which occasion, as will be Been by bills 1 and advertisements, a strong programme | will be submitted to a Launceston audience : by amateurs and professionals. Mr Carle has won many friends, having catered from time to time for the public, and having 1 been connected with several talented : dramatic companies. Tickcts are being j taken rapidly, it is stated, so no doubt Mr I Carle will 'be rewarded with a bumper 1 bouse, CLEABINO Sale. — Mr F- L. Fysh, of the : warehouse, Patterson-street, announces that | it is now his turn to have a special genuine clearing sale, and on next Saturday the huge stock will be reduced to make room for the Spring shipment now almost dan. - The firm do not publish a pricc list, but I they guarantee that every line in tbe ware- I bouse is reduccd in price. To-morrow the establishment will close preparatory to the sale on Saturday. , Evangelistio Bebviceb at St. An DBEW'6 Cbobcu. — Mr Duncan Wright gave another addreBB last evening to an attentive audicnce, The B'*-v. D» 6. Bruntou and i Messrs. B. Marshall (city missionary) and J. Crooks took part in the servicc. At 8 o'clock to-day he will address 'Words of cho?r to women,' when friends from all the churches are cordially invited, Thisevening the sub ject wiU be, 'What meanest thon, O sleeper ?' I Launceston Hospital.— The secretary I to the Hospital Board informs us that | twenty-six applications have been received for the position of dispenser and assistant house steward at the Launceston General Hospital, rendered vacant by the resigna tion of Mr M'G illivray. Tbavellebb. — Mr Lee Murray, Aus tralian representative for Messrs. Siemens and Company, arrived from Melbourne by tbe s.8. Pateena yesterday and proceeded to Hobart by express. Mr J. M'Cormack, of the liailway Department, also returned from Melbourne and journeyed to Hobart. City Police Codbt. — Mr E. Whitfeld, P.M., had a light task yesterday, the only offender being a widow, charged with allow ing her cow to stray. She was admonished, and allowed to depart on payment of the poundage fees. An Unenviable Notobiety.— The will of Mr Bobert Pate, formerly of Wisbeach, afterwards of Hobart, Tasmania, and late of Broughton, Boss-road, South Horwood, who died on February 6, has been proved, tbe value of the personal estate amounting to £22,464. He was the man who, in May, 1850 (says an English journal), within a month of the birth of the Duke of Con naught, struck the Queen with a stick a sharp blow in the face, crushing the bounet she wore, and inflicting a severe bruise and a slight wound on the forehead. The assault took place as the Queen's carriage was leaving Cambridge House aud whs slowly turning the corner into tbe road. Tate had formerly held a commission in the Army, from which be bad been requested to retire ou account of Borne ccccntriciiies. He was tried in the following July, and sentenced to seven years' transportation, the jury refusing to accept a plea of insanity. 