FICTION. Yussuf— A Tale of the Desert. ( Continued.) But the sarcasm was lost on Yussuf' whoreplied, reflectively ; — Yes, when Allah will it, they open the thief's hands and slash a knife across them, so — and Yussuf ran the forefinger of his right hand diagonally across the palm of his left hand : and then rub saltpetre into the wounds, and shut up the thief's hands and bind them ; and lie can never open them to steal again. And sometimes they hold a red hot iron to the eyes of the thief until they are gone, and the thief never again sees anything to steal. God is great, concluded Yus suf, piously shaking his head. ' Fiends ! ejaculated Trevayne, with a gesticulation of horror. And those poor blind wretches I bave seen wan dering about th9 streets are thieves then eh ? Have been, I should say, he added. The Lord Duke his said it, replied Yussuf quietly. At last the camel's load, after almost innumerable futile attempts, were sat isfactorily arranged, and everything was ready. As usual, a short prelim- inary marcn was. unaertaiieu iv the camel's, and. then the -caravan fairly started on its tremendous jour- ney. Soon the Holy City faded away in the distance : first the rambling, white ghost like houses, then tbe minarets, tali and stern as if standing guard over their lowly brethren : and then the dropping palm trees with their graceful outlines projected in jet black against the blue brightness of the sky, lingering on the horizon as if bidding a last reluctant good bye to t.he venturious travellers. Then on over the unending wav like dunes the vast procession ranged, un til the sand becoming interspersed with sharp, flinty stones, the caravan was baited in order that tbe camel's feet might be bound round and round with rags, making them look like huge boxing gloves. Then the night fell, outposts were ni-nhiiwiflrl half a mile or so distant, and the caravan was formed into a sort of laagar, but with the' camels taking the place of the waggons and various im pedimenta usually placed on the out side of the square. Inside, big fireB were kept blazing all the night through, for in the deserts the nights are icy cold, harder to be borne by reason of the burning heat of the day. Trevayne wrapped up in his burnouse — for he had assumed the Arab cos tume — lay a short distance from one of the fires, while not far from him lay Yussuf, asleep and snoring. The novelty and excitement of it all had kept Trevayne partially awake, and for a long time there danced grotes quely through his brain confused vis- ions'of fierce faced Arabs, shambling camels, stretches of sand dazzling with the glare of a pitiless sun, roeks of fantastic shapes that stood menacingly by the way. At last, just as he was dozing off, he thought he heard a slight crackling — a sound as of someone creeping towards him through the sand. Baising himself oa his arm he peered around him. For a moment he could see nothing, and then, by the light of the fire, he discerned a man crawling away on his hands and kuees. "When the intruder reached a spot wherehe thought he could not beseen, he turned his head. But Trevayne's sight was very keen, and he saw with a feeling of astonishment, and some thinglike dismay, that a knife gleamed between his teeth, and that the face was the face of Hassan, the dismissed guide? The object of the nocturnal visit was only too plain. Murder was writ large on the features of the treacherous villain. Bevenge was doubtless the motive. But how did the cur come there ? Trevayne puzzled over the problem for hour after hour, until the velvety darkness grew into an austere grey. Then, long before tbe sun was up he was again startled, this time by a shout. Bising to his feet, he saw two or three Arabs running round and a tvaking the sleepers by the simple but effective method of striking them a stinging blow with a long cane, Yussuf soon came to rouse Tre vayne in a more civilised manner, but finding liim already awake, shot a rapid glance ronnd to insure that no listeners were near, and then in a low, agitated voice ; — It was not well that the Lord Duke, not being of the true faith, himsclF punished the thieving Hassan. 1, Yus-' suf, have seen Hassan in tbe caravan , and have beard from the lips of one who speaks the truth, that the chief of the cararan ib of the same tribe. God is great, but a fear has sprung up in the heart of thy slave, even aB a palm tree throws a great shadow, for the dog Hassan is cunnmg, and seeks the life of the Lord Duke. Trevayne reflected a moment, and then told Yussuf of the attempt that had already been made. >Yussuf heard the tale in siloDce, but the working of his face showed how deeply he was stirred. For the next three days both Tre vayne and I ussuf kept a sharp watch onHassan, but that worthy always managed to be in the rear of the cara van,. whereas tbey were generally in the van, and consequently saw next to nothing of him. On the fourth day, when the sun was at its fiercest, and the heat was so oppressive that Trevayne had to gasp for the breath that seemed to scorch Iiis very lungs, the half dozen Arabs forming the advance guard were seen to suddenly converge to a point, and, after a brief consultation, turn their camels' head and ride towards the cara van. Evidently something had been sighted, and that something might be the expected caravan, or it might be tbe dreaded Touaregs — those merciless pirates of the deserts. In . an instant all was animation. The heat was forgotten. The camels were halted, and the square formed as at night, while the motley collection of weapons with which the party wer9 armed, comprising almost all kinds of firearms, from old flint lock muskets to the latest "Winchesters, were eagerly examined and made ready for use. When these preparations were com plete, and the outposts had been re ceived into thesquare, a whirl of dust could be plainly seen advancing right down on to the caravan. Then the cloud of dust stopped and settled, and there rode out from it half a dozen Arabs, who soon made it known that they were friends, and that their party, in fact, formed the looked for caravan. In a very short time the members nf tt a mama »Avin nrAWA AannlilnfinA ui tuo iwu uaittvuuo ivuiu Djuuuiauiug praises to the Prophet, and fraterniz ing in a most effusive manner. Tre vayne was much struck by the gaunt worn look of the newcomers. They had been away from home for two whole years, and their appearance showed that they had experienced the severest privations. The feasting, for which the most trifling occurrence is deemed by tbe Arab to be sufficient excuse took place with much ceremony, though the viands were neither very numerous nor very rich. (To be continued ) 