OHARLEY'S'FIDDLE; Story of the American Fratricidal ' ,/ ' War; fit ItOBRItTO, MBVEBB.' tT to email mutter to what array, North or South, thin drummor-boy bolongod. . Young he waB, his (air Bklu tanned by tlio giiru old aun, hie bhio oyou shining out, like very forget-ine- notn, in tho doll, dark eurrotindinga. TUuy said of him in camp Hint ho was a hoy, mid eui oly thoy troatod him, in tlioir rough way, lika a ohild. Sun. burnt men ualled him k' Charley j' talked with bini; I .poke ot aocncB (ar away, where those whom these mm burnt men loved moro than any tiling duo in tbo world lived ; and Charley listened to them, and beard what wan nciver told to older, less unsophisticated com panions, tor souiehov bin young face *nd light, obeorlul laugh appealed to theso mcu, ami mado thorn ocnllde in him. There woo even a rumor that Bandy Oman, the tall, awkward widower from tha frontier, had told Charley about hia own young days, and made the boy'e blue eyes brim over at some littlo tnnohol sentiment, You may, perbapi, say that thcro la no. time, no place (or sentiment among big, brawny men prepared for and experienoed in war. It -is not ao. Around oanip-firoe, in dim plaoea at night, when tko tramp, tramp, tramp of the sentry seems ghostly, and dreary, and full of dire warning, there arc tales of love, and torrow, and loao, and hope remem bered and told to listening ears that hoar those faintest vrbispors ai greedily bb tboy do the awful, death-delivering Bound ol can non, or swlfi whistle of the rlfln-ball. Thus was Oharloy, the drummer-boy, ft oyclopasdia ol the gentler thoughts of tha soldiers about him, Ofton in the dusk of evening, when the men were loitering about the oanip, and tbo kindly stars were poaplug faintly out above the white tents, there would come a little, wailing sound on the breeze, and the listeners would stop in their game ot oards, or their wild talk, smile, maybe, a little, and say, 'That'eOharley'B fiddle 1' And did anyone, take the trouble to look tor tho boy, he might be eoen porohed up on ? ledge ot rook, or sitting flat on tho ground, his ohtn pressed down, and hia bow in his bond, scraping doleinlly out of bis shabby violin all tbo old, old tunes ho remembered, and somo of the newer ones mado for the war, and oven aorae silly, love lorn ditty, whioh had oome by adoviousway and a fear ful uiisubanoe into camp. So, here among the purplo shadows, when tho fire on tho out posts shimmered, and there was a etrange quiet around, while th'e oriokets chirped, Charley would play the tunes of peace and happiness, tbo same as miles away they wers being played and Bang by laughing, careless people in the crowned cities, filled with the rumors ol war, not nndcratood, bul appreciated. But Charley had never been in an engage ment as yet, and the men said, ' Don't be bo anxious, boy ; it'll all oome soon enough I' And it did como soon enough lor him. Charley wrote to bis aunt lhat camp-life was juBt the' thing tor him, only it was bo monotonous. He Also told the boys that this aunt was the only relative be had in the world, and that she was a queer old woman, strong ot will and temper, and that she was 'mortal angry with him ' for going away from her — for, somehow or other, he guosBod she ' sort o' liked him.' That was all he told them, and they got qnite a joke up about ' Aunt Teddy,' and often spoke ot her to Charley, and told him, when tboy saw him busy writing, to bo snre end send muoh of their lovo to her. ' You don't know her,' eaid Charley, ' or you wouldn't make ao light of it. Why, she could take any ot yon single-handed, and you'd never know what hurt yon.' And bo he wrote odea and often to bor. But Charley's fiddle I Well, it Beoraod part ol him. He loved it I He loved tho miserable little tones he oould pity on it ; he loved to r.it down anywhere, and at any | lime, Bnd strike np one ot those little tunes, I and play, and play, and play, till it was a j wonder how muoh enduranoe oatgut has, ' not to mention human fingers and patience. ( He wnuld pat his fiddle almost as though it' wero a littlo ohild, and his blue eyes would | flash as hia band swept over the strings, j Aud the time went on ; and in the intervale ; of Oharley'e drum-taps his flddlo took it I np. I The day oame when there were prepara- : tlonB for a battle going on ; the enemy was : eurronnding them ; and Charley was glad, ! but quiet. . . i There was less time lor (on in oamp now, I and picket duty ,wae not eontlmontal any i more — except that it waB tragic. Two men i had been picked o& by sooute, and the grim ; Uoob ot the' boys looked death when they ! heard. ' ! Yet one pleasant, cool night, while the j long, white streets ot the oamp glistened in the moonlight.1 and it was not jot time for i the men to tarn in, Charley was Been by Sandy Green busily writing a letter, on his dram-head. 'Far aunt Ted, Oharloyt' asked Bandy Green. And the boy nodded, and laughed. Then the old man atood there watohing him for a long time. He saw' the pleasant, j brown face with Ihov blue eyes bent over the writing— and he was a rough, a very rough man, mind you I —a tall, uogainly, red-haired backwoods man, older than middle life, too ; and ono to whom trouble was no account, because It must be surmounted. And yet ho atood here, in tho early moonlight, watohing the drum mer-boy writing a letter to an old woman. Charley looked up when bo had finished. . 'Ho, Bandy I yon there yet I' said he. Then be foldod the letter, and direoted it. ' Sandy, I'll give it to yon to bos posted tor me. Will you do.it? Yon'vo' got moro ohanoea than I have.' ? ;. : So Sandy took tbe, letter, 'and laid, as he turned to Charley ; ' Do yon know, boy, that we expeot a scrimmage to-morrow ?' ? ' ; Yes, Charley knew it, and he was glad. He got Sandy Green to tell him all over again about tbe battles that hart beon (onght before; bo listened, and waB bright. and chirpy over tbo stories ; and the older man warmed with bin subject,. watohod the light In tha boy's eyeB, and onded by patting him on the baok. ? 'You'll do, Charley I' he eaid. 'And now give us a tune, for who knows — well, give us a tune I' . So Charley brought his fiddle, and sat down on the side of his drum ; and Bandy laid 'Ills nprawling length on tbe ground, his head on hit hand. Then a tune, light and gay, went lorth from tbe little fiddle I And tbo tune went on and on, till the stars blinked, and grew brighter; and all at once Sandy said : ? 11 Say, Charley I give ub the 'Bong you played last night.' There waa o alight pause, and then quietly, plaintively on the pleasant air oame tbe whole time of 'Home, Sweet Home.' softly and slowly played, filling the air around, nnd touching with kind fingers the hearts of the licteners. Tbe boys head dropped over his fiddle as he sat tuero balanced on the drum, and Sandy Green's h .n.l was pretied hard into hia head, And the (nno went on and on, and the stars ?parkled, the crickets ohirped peacefully, when, all at once, a bugle founded, a con fused noiio wan borno to them. Bindy was on hli fuel, Charley VdruuTwaa In big liana— and the enomy was on them I ' Who can tell of the dreary surprise, of the torriblo fight ol that night, carried far into tho bountiful morning when innooont daisies wore red and horribla to louk at, and tbe leaves of trees wero blaolioned and scorched by the pnwdar I Who can tell of tho wild, emirched faces, turned oliglitly up to tho sky ; the dood hands ulutohing Ilia grass ; thn Boiled and torn clothing pierced with a littlo new hole, whence life and fluttered out? Long into tho day it lasted ; and there wero uo mure birda' eongu hoard. The white streets ot the camp wero gone, and a confused mass ot men, some wounded, and all bitter, wore here instead. And tho light had ended, the enomy had disappeared, and these men wore— viotorious I ' Throughout tho fight tuny all remembered to have heard tlio drum. They remembered teeing young Charley batlcsB, hia lithe, boyish form in the tbiokest ol the fight ; for. there had been small order— it could not be otbonvlse, And eomo of them said bo had born soon with a musket in bis hand, loading, and firing, brave and soldierly. But now there was a Bilonoo ; these were not his drum. tops. And somebody else 'sounded tbe roll as these men stood np to answer to their names. Thcro were many gaps in the roll — many men who would answer to but one roll-call more— the mighty Hull of the Last. And when Charley's name was called there was no response ; and many eyes turned to other eye* in mnto inquiry. So on the roll went ; and at last Sandy Greon'a name was called— no answer. Again it wbb called, and then— then Sandy Greon'a volco answered from far away, and they Baw him coming Bnd limping up the hill, Charley on his shoulders, white and wild. The men cheered — yes, they did— they cheered I And Bandy Btood in the midst ol them, bis leg wounded by a ball, and told how he bad been found by Charley when a bayonet was going to make an end ol him, but that Obarhsy had usod his bayonet to dreadful purpose, and Sandy bad been saved. But, ctrange to Bay, the boy had not Boomed to rcoogniso bim. Sandy bad taken him on hia shoulders, for the boy had grown faint and white, had called bis name ; but a Monk look wan all tbe reply be had received, Charley's mind had stopped. Tbere ho was, looking at the men, a smile on hie laoe, but an unmeaning light in hia blue eyes. They looked at him, they ebbok him by the hand ; but he said nothing — he recognised no one. ?'?'?.'? The surgeon came, and shook bis head. ' Fright 1' be said. Tut Sandy Green oried : 'It's a Ho, begging your pardon 1 The boy wasn't lightened.' For all that, it made small difference to Charley. Day by day, us this portion of the army made entrenchments where tboy were, and prepared for winter quartern, (or this point must be guarded, Oharley loitered about the hospital, not siolt, not ailing, but with bis mind clouded. One of the boys bad hunted for his fiddle, but only tbe frag ments and tbe strings were left, and these Sandy Green had taken oharge of, bb he lay in his cot ; tor, said he, 'The Bight ol tho*e things might make the boy woreo.' The surgeons studied the os.ee. It was new to them ; a fine opportunity for experi ment ; and experiment they did, and made nothing ol it. And still Charley emiled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no one, epeaking to no one, missing nothing he had before known ?' The men, when they met him, oalled oni, ' Hi, Charley I' and be Boomed to be pleated at that— nothing more. Often they would look at him, speak of him, for you Bee they had all bo liked him. And Sandy Green waa grieved at hoart, though hia manner was as gruff and rude as ever. ? After awhile tbe surgeons oame to a Btrange conclusion. They said that the life ol Oharley, from the first surprise on that eventfal evening, that night when be had Been a fight, was a .blank. They said tbat there waB no bridge to connect the time be fore, and the time after that terribly experi ence. They oited vast authorities, and oon fused themselves about them, and ao far confused Sandy Green, who was hobbling ?boat, that Ibe rough man looked on Charley as though he woro a ghost. One day Sandy greon, feeling in his pookot, found tbe letter which Oharley had written to Aunt Teddy, and which had never been posted, and had been forgotten ever eince; At sight ol it, be went for paper and pencil ! immediately. That night ha had told tbe boys ho bad written to Charley's aunt, I getting the direotion from Oharley 'a unposted letter. . ' Aunt Teddy'a ooming to camp, boys,' said oome of them, in faint remembrance ol their old humour, over Charley's relative. ' Sandy Green haa written to her, telling her all about the boy.' ' ' Lo I lo I A few days alter, a tall appari tion, gaunt and grim, draped in grey, made ! its appearanoe in the boapital, asking lor Oharloy Morgan ; and in leeB than an boar it was known all over tbat Obarloy'a Aunt Teddy bad oome.. . All who could sauntered past the window, juat.to peep at her.. But they did not go twice, for hnr fierce look waa something dreadful ; and it was everywhere at once. They were afraid ot her. They might face the enemy, but Aunt Teddy was something more. And Oharley t She juet went up to the poor lad, and took bin faoa between her I two bony, hands. J ' Oharley l'BheBaid. And ho turned, his amiling .. meaningless f*co to her, and \- laughed low, and did not know her. ' Bbo sat quietly down, and rocked herself t-j a fro. No I Aunt Teddy could do nothing either. . : So the days wore on, and some of the boys taw her sitting be»ido Charley, holding his hand in hers, and looking fiercely about her like a lioness guarding her young. She would ? not have him stir' from her, Bnd ho seemed pert eotly oonlented betide her. 'And when Ihe men saw her sitting tbeic, fierce and on guard, holding the boy's hatid in her own, and he Broiling and happy loeking, they telt a lump In their throats ; and in a way they rerpectcd Aunt Teddy more than it nbe oried over bim, culling him loving names, fur they Baw strength tin re, llko their own- Mrongth ol protection. , ' . ...T 'f-,:X ' 'V -. . ' And, do you know, it waa nuiei tuat wneu Bandy Grcon Baw her coming in that day, ho hobbled out ae faat as be could, and with a white face | nrd bo wnuld not go near her when she asked for the man who had written her about Obarloy. Ho, too, was afraid oi bor— the gaunt, grim apparition, To tbe doctors nho was a littlo moro conciliating ; and, nlthough ehe told them tboy did not know tboir business, yet, when one ol them leaned down, ond tried to tuko Cliarley'u band from bor'B to give it n friondly shako, ahosaid: ?' Don't, pleaao I I want to bold him to me, for ho's nil I'vo Rat,' Anil Iho doctor oould not help grasping her's, with a great chokoin his throat, ' If we oould awaken Charley to soma momnry of the past,' until the dnotor to hor ono day— 'it wo could bring him baak tn tbo day bufore the fight— if ho oould recognise Boinutlllng be had known then, wo might save bim porhapB.' ' I'm not a rich woman,' was tbo reply, 'but I'll writo this inalaut to my agent to ueII my house. And that nioiioy— all I have in Ihu world— I'll givo to the man M-ho brings my boy back to mo,' Now all this wan duly reported about oamp —all thin mid moro. And it waa told to Sandy GniGn, among others. Ho shook bis bend gruffly. But in tbo middle of the night Sandy Green roso up liko ono possessed aud searohod around, and found an old flat cigar box. All the next day he worked nt tho box, worked mysteriously and kept lookors-ou away. For two dayo ho soraped at it. On the third, Charloy waa to go away with his nunt ; forahohad determined to tako him home. On this last ovening Sandy Grcon waa seon larking about the hoBpital; and once, when Aunt Teddy roec and went to see about soma final preparations lor departuro, hi darted in, caught Charloy by tho hand, and limping swiftly away with him, took him to a littlo knoll far off— took him to a drum laid side wlio on the ground, and, seating him there, pulled out a cigar. box, shaped rudely liko a violin, the airings of Charley's own lost in strument Btrotobed upon it. Then be brought out a rough bow. Charley oat down there, and smiled vaguely up at the sky. Sandy drew tho bow across tha strings, but before he could rupeat it, a mailing noise was heard, and there was Aunt Teddy, triijhtenod out of her wits at missing Oharley, and «ho was followed by _hal( the boys, tho two surgeons among thorn. Sandy Green raised hio band to warn them. They Btoppod, motionless. Then slowly, laboriously, out on the pleasant evening air oarao the old tune of ' Home, Svcot Homo,' rudely and brokenly played; but there it waa— there it was I Thesmilo on Charley's faoo faded ont.Iiko the light of the igiiit fattitu. A startled el. proBBion oame instead ; he leaned forward be liatoned. Tho boys pressed closer and olosor. Sacdy Groon's linger! trembled bo that he oould BOBiccly hold the impromptu fiddle. All at onco, all at once, two tears rolled down Oharley'a face ; he started up, looked confusedly about him, opened his lips. ??Aunt Teddy I' ho cried, lie was bhvi d. His aunt wag Kneel ing at hia feet, bugging bis kneea, crying wildly. The boys Btood tbere, a glitter in their eyos, until tbo two doctors went up to Sandy Green, and shook him by the band, lor ho had done more than the) oould do, and tboy owned to it. Then tboy all, every man ol them, went up to Sandy, and wrung his hand. He had let the fiddle tall to the ground, and bis rough laoe was Beamed with tears. , . '?_?.-. :. .- . . . ' Here I— somebody lead me to Sandy Green 1' cried a voice, the voice ol Charley's aunt ; ' lor I can't Bee, I'm crying so hard j and my legs arc clean gone from under me I And Aunt Teddy was marched up to bim, but not before Charley had caught both Stnrly'B bands in his. And what did Aunt Teddy do ? ! She just threw her ai ma around Sandy Green'e neck, and gave him a Bounding kiss, beloro all the boys, tool And from a Boore ot strong throats came a ory : 'Three obeera for' Sandy Green— and a tiger I' : '.-? . ? ? ?? - ? .-.?-.: :? Aud sho shook hands with them, every one, ? . . , . . Aunt Teddy did nol have to sell her house as a reward for ' anyone who oould save her boy.' ? .i .??.-??? ? : The cigar- box flddlo may. atlll be seen there— and ofton is Been by Sandy Green and others— and it is obristened ' Ouarley's FlBBLK.' ....-.:;, 