THE RED COCKADE.* BY STANLEY WEYMAN. AUTHOR OF "A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE." CHAPTER IX. THE TRICOLOUR. It was known afterwards that they fell upon the body like the dogs they were, but I had seen enough. I reeled back, and for a few moments leaned against the chimney trembling like a woman, sick and faint. The horrid drama had had only one spectator, myself ; and the strange solitude from which I had viewed it, kneeling at the edge of the dark roof of the chateau, with the night wind on my brow and the tumult far below me, had shaken me to the bottom of my soul. Had the ruffians come upon me then I could scarcely have lifted a finger, but for- tunately, though the awakening came quickly,' it came by another hand. I heard a rustle of feet behind me, and turning found Mademoi- selle de St. Alois at my shoulder, her small face grey in the gloom. "Monsieur," she said, " will you come?" I sprang up, ashamed and conscience- stricken. I had forgotten her—all, in the tragedy. " What is it ?" I said. "The house is on fire." She said it so calmly, in such a voice, that I could not believe her, or that I understood, though it was the thing I had told myself must happen. "What, Mademoiselle? This house ?" I said. "Yes," she replied, as quietly as before. "The smoke is coming up through the closet staircase. I think that tbey has'e set the east wing on fire." ¡ I hastened back with her, and before I reached the little door by svhich we had ascended I saw that it was true. A faint whitish eddy of smoke, scarcely visible in the dusk, was rising through the oraok between door and lintel. The women svere standing round it when we came up ; but while I looked, amazed and svondering what we were to do, they melted away, and Mademoiselle and I were left alone beeide the eddy of smoke that grew each moment thicker and darker. A few minutes before, immediately after my escape from the rooms below, I had thought that I could face this peril; any- thing, everything had then seemed better than to be caught, along svith the women, in those luxurious rooms, perfumed with poudre de ro«6, and heavy with jasmine-to be caught there by the brutes who were pursuing us. But now the danger that showed itself most pressing seemed the worst. "We must take off the bricks I" I cried. " Quick I and open that door I There is nothing else for it. Come, Mademoiselle, if you please!" " They are doing it," she answered. Then I saw whither the women and servants had gone. They were already at the other door, the trap-door, labouring frantically to remove the bricks we. had piled on it. In a'moment I had caught the in- fection ot their haste. " Come, Mademoiselle, come !" I cried, advancing involuntarily a step towards the group. " Very likely they will be plundering below now, and we may pass safelj'. At any rate, there is nothing else for it." I was still flurried and shaken-I say it with shame-by GnrgouFs fate, and when she did not answer at once I looked round impatiently. To roy astonishment she was gone. In the darkness it was not easy to see anyone at a distance of a dozen feet; and the reek of the smoke svas spreading. Still she had been at my elbow a moment before she could not have gone fur. I took a step this way and that, and looked again anxiously. Then I found her. She waa kneeling against a chimney, her face buried in her hands. Her hair covered her shoulders and partly hid her white robe. I thought the moment ill chosen, and I touched her angrily. "Mademoiselle!" I said. " There is not a moment to be lost ! Come! They have opened the door." She looked up at me, and the still pallor of her face sobered me. " I am not coming," she said in a low voice. " Farewell, Mon- sieur." " You arc not coming?" " No, MonBieur, save yourself," she answered firmly and gently, and she looked up at me with her hands clasped before tier, as if she svould fain return to lier prayers, and svaited only for me to go. I gasped. " But, Mademoiselle ! " I cried, staring nt the little white-robed figure, that in the gloom-a gloom riven now and again by hot flashes, as some burning frncment soared upwards-seemed scarcely earthly. " But, Mademoiselle, you do not understand. This is no child's play. To stay here is death I death I The house is burning under us. Presently the roof will fall in, and then-" " Better that," she answered, with neaven knows what of womanly dignity, caught in that supreme moment by her, a child. "Better that, than that I should fall into their hands. I am a St, Alais and I can die," she continued firmly. "But I must not fnll into their hands. Do you Monsieur, save yourself. Go, go now, and I will pray for you." "And I for you, MatWmoiselle," I answered svith a full heart. " It j'ou stay, I stay." She looked up at me a moment, her face troubled. Then she rose slowly to her feet. The servants hud disappeared, the trap-door | lay open ; no one liad yet come up. We had the roof to ourselves. I saw her shudder, as she looked round ; and in a second I had her :r> my arms-she svas no heavier thon a child-and was half svny across the roof. She uttered a faint cry of remonstrance, and for tin instant struggled with mc. But I only held her the tighter and ran on. From the trap-door a bidder led downwnrda ; somehow, still hold- ing her with one hand, 1 stumbled down it, until I reached the loot, and found myself in a passage,' svhich was all. dark. One way, however, a light shone at the end. I carried her towards it, her hair lying across my lips and cheek, her foco against my breast. She no longer struggled, and in a moment I came to the head of a staircase. It seemed to be a servants' staircase, for it svus bare and mean and narrow, with whitewashed walls. There were no signs of fire here; even the smoke had not yet reached this part, hut half-way down tho flight a candle, overturned but still burning, lay on n step, as if someone had that moment dropped it. And from the lower part of the house came up agreatnoiseof riot and revelry, coarse shrieks and Bhouts and laughter. I paused to listen. Mademoiselle lifted herselt a little in my arms. "Put me down, Monsieur," she whispered. " You will come ?" " I svill do what you tell mo." I set her down in the angle of the passage, at the head ot the stairs, and in a whisper I naked lier svhat was beyond the door, which I could see at the foot of the flight. " Tlie kitchen," sho answered. "If I had any cloak to cover you," I said, " I think that we could pass. They are not scarchingtfor us. They are robbing und drinking." "Will you get the candle?" she whispered, trembling ¡ " in one of theso rooms wo may find something." I svent softly down the boro stairs, and picking it up returned svith it in my ¡mud. As I carne back to lier our eyes met, and n alow blush, gradually deepening, crept over her face na dawn creeps over a grey sky. Having come it stayed ; her eyes fell and sho turned a littlo away from me, confuaed and frightened. We were alone, wo two, nnd for tho llrBt timo that night, I think, she remembered her loosened hair and the dis- order of her dress, that she svas a svoiuun und I a mun. It was it strango time lo think of Buch things, when at any instant tho door at the foot of the stairs before us might open and it do/.en miliuna stream up, bent on plunder and worse. But tho look and the movement wanned my henri, and set my blood running as it had never run before. 1 felt my I courage [return in a flood, and witli it twice »Copj right, IbDB, by stanley J. Woymaii. The right of publishing this work throughout the Aus- tralasian colonies ita» been pure'hased by tho pro- prietors ot'J'lto Aiyur. my strength. I felt capable of holding the staircase against a hundred, a thousand, as long as she stood at the top. Above all'2 wondered how I could have borne her in my arms a minute before, and held her head against my breast, and felt her hair touch my lips-and been insensible I Never should I carry her so again with an even pulse. The knowledge of that came to mc as I stood beside her at the head of the bare stairs, affecting to listen to the noises below that she might have time to recover herself. A moment, and I began to listen seriously, for the noise in the kitchen, through which we > must pass to escape, WIIB growing louder ; and at tho same time that I noticed this a smell of burning wood with a whiff of smoke reached my nostrils, and warned me that the fire waa extending to tile wing in which wc stood. Behind ua, as we stood looking down the stairs, was a door ; along the passage to the left by which we had come were other doors. I thrust the candle into Mademoiselle's hands, and begged her to go and look in the rooms. ' " There may be a oloak, or something," I said eagerly. " We must not linger. If you will look, I will guard the-" No more ; for as the last word trembled on my lips the door at the foot of the stairs flew open, and a man blundered through it and began to ascend, two steps at a time. He curried a candle before him, and a large har in his right hand, and a savage roar of voices came out with him through the door Avny. He appeared so suddenly that we had no time to move. I had a side glimpse of Mademoiselle standing spellbound with fear, and of the light drooping in her hand. Then I snatched the candle from her and quenched it, and, pluoking it from the iron candlestick, stood waiting with the latter in my hand, waiting, stooping forward for the man. I had left my sword on the landing and I had no other weapon ; but the stairs were narrow, the sloping ceiling low, and the candlestick might do. If tlie rest did not follow him it might do. He came np rapidly two-thirds of the way, holding the light high in front of him. Only four or five steps divided him from us. Then on a sudden he stumbled, swore, and fell heavily forwards. The light in his hand was dashed out, and we were in darkness. Instinctively I grasped Mademoiselle's hand in my left hand to stay the scream that I knew was on her lips, and we stood like two statues, scarcely daring to breathe. The man, so near us, and yet unconscious of our presence, got up swearing, and af ter a terrible moment of suspense, during which I think lie fumbled for the candle, he began to clatter down the stairs again. They had closed the door at the bottom, and he could not tor a moment find the string of the latch. But at last he found it, and opened the door. Then I stepped back, and, under cover of the babel that instantly poured up the stair- case, I drew Mademoiselle into the room behind us. and closing the door which fuced the stairs stood listening, I fancied that I could li ear her heart beat- ing. I could certainly hear my own. In this room we seemed for the moment safe, but how were wc, without a light, to lind anything to disguise her? How were we to pass through the kitchen ? and in a moment I began to regret that I had left the stairs. We were in perfect darkness and could Bee nothing in the room, which had a close unused smell, as of mice ; but even ÜB I noticed this the fumes of burning wood grew stronger, and overcame the other smell. The dull roar of the fire, as it cuught hold of the wing, began to be audible, and the distant crackling of llames. My heart sank. " Mademoiselle," I said softly. I still held her hand. "Yes, Monsieur?" she murmured faintly. And she seemed to lean against me. "Are there no windows in this room?" " I think that they ate shuttered." With a new thought in my mind-that the way of the kitchen being hopeless we might escape by the windows-I moved n pace to look for them ; I would have loosed her hand to do this, that my own might be free to grope before me, but to my surprise she clung to me, and would not let me go. Then in the dark- ness I heard her sigh, as if she were about to swoon. " Courage, Mademoiselle, courage," I said, terrified by the mere thought of such a thing. " Oh, I am frightened I" she moaned in my ear. " I am frightened I Save me, Monsieur ; save me 1" She had been so brave before that I won- dered, not knowing that the bravest woman's courage is of this quality. But I had short time tor wonder. Her weight hung each in Btant more dead in my arms ¡ and my heart beating wildly as I held her, I looked round for help, for a thought, for an idea. But all was dark. I could not remember even where the door stood I I peered in vain for the slightest glimmer of light thut might betray tbo windows. I was alone with her and helpless, our way of retreat cut off, the flames approaching. I felt her head fall back and knew that she bad swooned, and in the dark Î could do no more than support her and listen and listen Wr the return- ing steps of the man or what else would happen next. For a long time—a long time as it seemed to me—nothing happened. Then a sudden burst of sound told me that the door at the foot of the stairs had been opened, and on that followed a clatter of wooden shoes on the bare stairs. I could judge now where the door of the room lay, and I quickly but tenderly laid Mademoiselle on the floor, a little behind it, nnd waited myself on the threshold. I still had my candlestick, and I was desperate. I heard them pass, my heart beating ; nnd then I heard them puuse, and I clutched my weapon tightly, and then n. voice I knew gave un order, and with a cry of joy I dragged open the door of the room and stood before them-stood before them, as they told me afterwards, with the face of n ghost rather than of a mau. There were four of ttiem, and the nearest to us was Father Benoit I The good priest fell on my ncok and kissed me. " You aro not hurt?" ho cried. "No," I Bald dully. "You havo come, then ? " " Yes," ho said. " In time to save you, God bo praised ! God be praised I But Mademoiselle ? Mademoiselle de St. Alais Î " he added eagerly, looking at nie as if he thought I was not quite ni my senses. "Have you news of her!" I turned without a word andrwent baok into the room. He followed with a light, and the three men of whom Buton was one pressed in after bim. They wore rough peasants, but the Bight made them give baok, und uncover themselves. Mademoiselle lay where I had left her, with her head pillowed on a dark carpet of hair ; from the midst of which her child's face, composed and white ns in death, looked up with solemn half closed eyes to the ceiling. For myself, I Btared down tit her almost without emotion, so much had I gone through. But tho priest cried out aloud. " Mon Dieu I " ho said willi n aob in bis voice. "Have they killed her!" " No," I answered. " She has only fainted. If there ia a woman here-" "Thero is no woman here that I dare trust I" ho answered between his teeth. And he bade ono of tho men go and get some water, adding n few words that I did not hear. The man returned almost immediately, and Father Benoît, bidding him and his fcllowB stand back a little, moistened her lips w.ith water, uttcrwards dashing some in her fuco; but till with an air of haste that puzzled mo until I noticed that the room was growling thick willi smoke, mid going myself to tim door saw the red glow of the fire at the end of tho passage, anti heard the distant crash of falling stones and timbers. Then I thought that I understood the men's attitude, and 1 suggested to Father Benoît that 1 .should cany her out. " She will never recoA'er here I" I Bald with a sob in my throat. " She will be suffocated If wo do not get her into the air." A thick volume of smoko swept past the >. ir " .. - P°lnt 'o toy words, toíebút- "TBt BmdBlowly' "Itb»*M .''But what?' I asked. "It w,u not ^ safe to stay here much longer I ' " You sent to Cahors ? ' conJ?'8'" l Cned- ""n9 M de ** " No , and you see, M le Vicomte, I lui« onl) these four men," the priest answered! Had I stayed to gather more I might have been too late And with these only_I do not know what to do Half the poor wretches who hase done this mujclnef are mad with drink. Others are strangers, and_." " But I thought-I thought that it waa all over !" I cried in astonishment "No," he answered gravel), "ah« ]ct us pass in after an altercation , lam of the Committee, and so is Buton there But when they seo yon, and especially Made moiselle de St A!ais-I do not know how they may act, my friend " " But, mon Dieu ! ' I cried " Sure!) ther will not dare-" "No, monseigneur, have no fear! They shall not dare !" 'Hie words came out of the smoke. The speaker was Buton As he spoke ho stepped forward, swinging the ponderous bar he carried, his huge hairy arras bare to the elbow. " Yet there is one thing you must do." "What?" I said. " You must put on the tricolour They will not dare to touoli that." Ho spoke with a simple pride, winch I found unintelligible then. I understand it better now. Nay, on the morrow it was no riddle to me, though an abiding wonder The priest sprang at the idea " Good," he said, " Buton has hit it. They will respect that " And before I could speak he had detached the large rosette winch he wore pinned to his soutane, and was pinning it on my breast " Now your's, Buton," he continued , and, taking the smith's-it svas not too clean-ho fixed it on Mademoiselles left shoulder. " There 1" he said eagerly, when it was done. "Now, M le Vicomte, take her up ! Quick or we shall be stifled. Buton and I will go before you, and our friends here will folio» you " Mademoiselle was beginning to come to herself with sighs and Bobs, when I raised her in my arms , and we were all coughing with the smoke This in the passage outside was choking Had we delayed a minute longer we could scarcely have passed out safely, for already the flames were beginning to lick the door of the next room and dart out angry tongues towards tia As it was, we stumbled down the stairs m some fashion, one helping another, and checked for an instant by the dosed door at the bottom, fell when it was opened pell mell into the kitchen, ss here we stood with smarting eyes, gasping for breath. It was the grand kitchen of the chateau, that had Been many a feast prepared, but for Mademoiselle's sake I was glad that her fuce was against my breast, and that she could not see it now. A great fire, fed high with fat and hams, bla/ed on the hearth, and before it, inBtead of meat, the curcises of three dogB hung from the jack, and tainted the air with the smell of burning flesh 'J hey were M. le Marquis's favourite hounds, killed in pure wantonness. Below them the iloor, strewn with broken bottles, ran deep in wasted wine, out of which pilis of slmttcrel furniture and stas ed casks rose like islands All that the rioters had not taken they hu 1 spoiled ; even now m one corner a woman waa filling her apron with salt from a hu"e trampled heap, and at the battered dressoir throe or four men were plundering But the main hod) of the peasants had retired outside, »here they could bo heard liercl) cheering on the llames, shouting when a chimney fell or a window burst, and iline,mg into the lire every living thing unlucky enough to fall into their hunda The plunderers sneaked out on seeing us, svith grim looks like vsohes driven from the Íirej. And doubtless they Bpread the news, or while sve paused, though it was but lora moment, in the middle of the floor, the uproar outside ceased, and gave phire toa strange silence, m the midst of whicli we appeared at the door. '1 he glare ot the burning house threw I light as strong as that ot da) on the scene, on the throng of savage fren/ud fans that confronted us, nnd the great piln of wreckage that stood about and bore vuine»s to their fur). But for a moment the light failed to show us oleurly to them , we wen in tlie shadow of the svall, and it was not until we had advanecd some pnces that the ominous silence was broken, and the mob with a howl of rage sprang for»ard like bloodhounds slipped from the lenah I ow browed and shock headed liulf nuked anl black with smoko und blood, the) sieiiird more like beasts than men , and like beasts tlipy came on, snapping their teeth and »nari mg while trom the rear-for the foremost were past speeoh-come a dull roar of ' l/orf ana. J in am' Moit aux AccapammF that, mingling with the tumult of tilt fire, was enough to scare tlip stoutest Had my escort blenched for an mstint our fate was sealed But the) Blood linn, nnd beforo their stern front all hut one maa quailed and fell buck-fell back snarling ami crying for our blood 'lout one man «une close and aimed a blow at me vv îth n knife On the instant Buton raised his iron bar, and with a stentorian ery of " Bl spect the tti colour !" struck lum to the ground und strode oser lum " liespect the tricolour!" he shouted ncain, with the sotceofabull, and the eflect of the words svas magical. The crowd heard, fell back, and fell aside, staring atupull) at rae and my burden, " Respect the tricolour I ' Father Benoit cned, raising lils hand nloft, and he made the Bign of the cross Then in an instant all took it up, almost before I could apprehend the change, those who a moment earlier liad been gaping for our blood svtre thrusting one another buck and shouting as with one voice, " Wa), wa) for the tricolour I ' 'lhere was something unutterabl) ne», strange, formidable In this reverence tliji respect paul to a word, a ribbon, an iden It made an impression on me that was neier quite effaced But at the moment 1 va acarcely conscious of this I heard and saw things dull). Like a mun In a drenml walked through the crowd, stumbling undet my burden, down the lane of brutish fnces, down the avenue, down to the gale lhere FatherBenoitwould hase taken Mademoiselle from me, but I would not let him. " To Suux ! lo Saux i" I said fesenshl'i and then, I scarcely knew how, I found myself on n horse holding her before me And wo were on the road to Saux, lighted on our way by the flames of the burnms chuteau. (To be Continued Arext Saturday ) 