BENDIGO DISTRICT WES LEYAN SYNOD. Further businese in conneetion with the financial sessions of the Synod was [?]ducted yesterday morning as follows :— Electi6on to the various church funds and committees ; — Stationary oomrailtce ; Chairman nnd llov J. Adam*, Lean fund : Chairman, Rev J, A, Oaherne, and Mcsn'* Holloway,Stan field and Ilmkm'nv, Home mL-ions: Chairman, and Revs J. Nicholson, H. Brown, J, Adams, and Megans HarUno»», Holloway, Stmftvld aud Curnow. Air E. Holloway was elected to various committee* and iustltaiUons, Tho following resolutions wore also car ried “That tills ijxo'ing recommend tho conference to consider the question of the wisdom or otherwise of ahering the mode of nominating and (ducting officcra in oar churoh."—“That this district synod again reaffirms tho ro?oluti<>n gassed by tho Inst conference respecting ertamorisp,”— “This synod while recognising that members of ih i church nro prohibited in tho book of laws from engaging in raffles or gambling, is ulso of opinion chat adherents of tho chinch who nro non-nn-mbcis should also ho in hibited from promoting tnlfivs or gambling in connection with all church onto prises, and tho conference is requested to promote any now legislation rendered necessary.” “That wo draw tho attention of the legislature to the violation of the law in regard to gambling, aud icquest that tho law enforced in-«ll cA'ic* of radios or lottorie* without exception, whether in connection with churches or other bodice. ,l That wo recommend that tho con ncxional committees meet during tho third week in October, nnd tho district synods take place during tho fourth week in October.' 1 — t his synod respectfully asks conference to recommend to our people tho a. rions con»i deration of tho duty of sotting opart regu larly a cirmiii pad of Ihoir income for reli gious and hoiKVulont objects, not demanding uny uniform proportion iccognising that differences <■£ income and expenditure require diversity of allotment, hut urges that rc-gu 1 vrly and conscientiously as stewards of OoJ such pioporlion of income ns is deemed right should ho (lovoud by professed Chri'ti-ns to ihc purposes iruned. Wo abo rcaommcnd the furmiUiou of a “proportionate giving union” in Victoria. Aft r making allowance fur deaths, re movals, do , the iuoiVii'O of tho membership of the district was found to bo 76. A largo inentt'O of Sunday school scholars was 10- roported. Conference was recommended to relievo Hcatliooto of a married minister if possible. The amount railed for Homo Mis sions in the distiict was £V7l Ss 4d *, for F.-reign Mission?, £192 Os 5d. After passing a unanimous voto of thanks to tho Rev F. Noalo for his mbano nnd able oonduol of the business of the Synod tho financial sc.-slon closed at mid-day with prayer nnd the Bene diction, At the ministerial session in the afternoon tho question of ministi rial oharac'or wos dealt with. There wore no objections. Tho Liverpool minutes and the 12 rules of a helper were road, followed by a conversation on tho work of God. It was ogreod to recommend con foronos to re- appoint tho Revs Drinks and Bickford as Foreign nnd Homo Mission secre taries respectively. Tho chairman was thanked for oonHcitting to preach the official sermon an-J was requested t) preach or arrange for a similar sermon next year. Tbo Revs J. Adam*, W. Harris and B. H. Crook were also thanked for their able addresses at tho workers’ mo ting*. A vote cf thanks to tho Rev Joseph Nicholson fur his efficient ser vices ns iccrelnry was unanimously carried, also to the assistant secretaries and reporter. Toe minutes t-F the Bynod wore rend and signed by tho chairman and secretary, and the se-sion for 1895 doted with tho Bene dict iot>. The Synod of 1896 will bo held in Bendig', tho date to bo fixed by the chairman. Mr Noalo preached tbo official sermon last night. Ho tcok hia text from Ads 2nd chap t r, last pait of tho 47tb verse, “And Iho Lord added to Iho church daily such ns should bo saved. ’’ Tho rov. gentleman said it formed n part of one of tho mo«t inslruotivo chapters in the now testament. It contains n ivcord of one of tho most stirring ovonts Hut ever happened—tho outpouring of tho Ildy Ghost on (ho day of Pentecost, Just 10 days had elapsed between Christ’s glorification and tho out paining of tho Holy Spirit. This was no doulit to got the Church in a state prepared n<s a , for all Iho apostles with one accord continued in supplication, Tho Holy Ghost came from heaven Hko a mighty wind nnd it descended upon tho heads of tho apostles with cloven tongues of ftro and all wore filled with tho Holy Ghost. On that day over 3000 souls worn awakened nnd brought to God. Tho correctness of (ho word translated ns “church” in (his epistle is doubtful, and it is left out of Iho revised version. Tho mean ing of “church” in a literal sense is any assemblage mooting together, whether secular or religious In mi rcclcdaslioal sense it is where tho word of God is preached and the sacrament administered. Tho church is a special creation of God ; it is not Episcopalian, Pn-Giyterian or Baptist. Tho church is catholic, extensive and universal. Tho ohurch draws Christians by simplicity, by purity nnd by catholic nnd unswerving lovo to Jesus Christ. All through the ages tho church lias had to contend against imposing influences. Kings have gono against it, but with all tho oppressions it has not been extermi nated, nnd it to-day remain* a miracle of beauty. God* has so built His church ns to lay hold of Iho principle* of chinch unionism. AH true believers are children of God Among Christians tho feel ing of sympa'hy lends lo produoi the best and most delightful re-uIts. Modern notions that men can go (o heaven outside tho church nro extreme delusions. If you oould Iho chqrcb would bo the most useless institution on tho face of Iho oirth. If the ohurch beoamo ex tinct Christians would ul-o become extinct. Ho then wont on to refer to the different reasons why men would not join Iho church. Borne >-aid it was became some members of the church did not live up to what they preached. Ho admitted that was so, hut ho submitted (lint it is impossible to find a per fect church. Other* will not j'in because of tho multiplicity of churches. But there must bo repentance, trust in God and fnilb in tho Lord Jesus Chris’, and separation from tho society of tho world. The church of to-day does not seem to have the daily accosions which it did in times gono by so we must look to the blessed Spirit for power for **uc cossful work in tho vineyard of tbo Great Mailer. Let the ohurch plant her trust in the oxal’ed Saviour and not 3000 but o whole nation would bo saved. 