BRITISH AWD FOREIGN. In the new issue of the " London Directory " no lees than nine pages ate devoted to recording the names and the titles of the Smiths. The French tardine fisheries, Which supply the whole world with tinned sardines, bare declined for several years past, the shoals having gone elsewhere. This year matters have gone from bad to worse, and tbe fisheries- of Concaraeau are ia a state of desolation. " Since the opening of the summer (season each boat has not netted-enough to pay for the men's tobacco. Experiments are now being conducted in America with -a view to testing the possibility of sending telegraph messages 18,000 miles without wires. For the purposesoftheseexperiments.heliographs, which reflect sunrays, are used. Messages have already been successfully sent a distance of 200 miles. The code used ia the regular dot and dash system of the Morse alphabet. Steps are being taken by the Pharmaceutical Society of Berlin to institute a central depot, with branches in tbe capitals of European countries, for publishing continual reports on the botanical, chemical, and pharmacological discoveries of poisonous and healing herbs all over the world. The reports will be published at sta'ed times, forming a repertory as perfect as possible. The Deutsche Kolonial Zeilung supplies the following. An Indian compositor had to set up a bill of fare containing the words ham and eggs and English. In the proof only the words eggs and English were seen—the Mahomed an to whom meat and alcohol are forbidden, having left open the space to be filled up by the customer, as he considered it a Bin to print the other two. A widow named Ahn Hose, who is hale and hearty and in full.possession of her faculties, living ait Melton/Sittingboume, attained her . hundredth year on August 12\. She has eight children living, and her descendants are 65 grandchildren, 171 great- grandchildren.and alarge number of great-great-grandchildren. If all had lived the centenarian wonldhave had nearly 400 descendants. It has been calculated that there are over 50,000 reservoirs -for -Impounding water, for irrigation purpose.*, in the Madras Presidency, varying in size from an embankment. 200 yards in length to a couple of miles in length, andoften longer. The Building and Engineering Journal says therela a special.eection of the Madras Public forks'Department set aside for the express purpose of tank restoration schemes. Mdme. Paul Blouet, who was Miss Mary Bartlett, of England, is not only the translator of all Her husband's books into English, but she is also an excellent cook, a model hostess,-and is at her best when entertaining her husband's friends. She is a brunette, with*: dark brown eyes. She findsrecreation in drawing, although her efforts are only see n "by her husband and daughter, and a few intimate friends. She is extremely well read in French and English literature. The question of the utilisation of the zebra as a beast of bu r den is coming to the front. At the Tring Agricultural Association's Show at Tring the Hon. Walter Rothschild drove round the ring with a team of zebras, which had been well broken in. Nor is this the only instance of these animals being made subservient to man. Zebras have occasionally been employed in the Transvaal m lieu of bullocks On some coach roads, but the task of,taming them has hitherto been almost hopelesB. The Queen of Italy is an excellent musician, whereas King Humbert displays d but little artistic taste, and has certainly no ear for music. Of late theQueen has been compelled to use spectacles when reading. The first time her husband—who detests them—saw her wearing them he ~ exclaimed, 14 Margherita, take off those glasses!" But the Queen laughingly refused to qbey; and the. King, having exhausted his powers of persuasion, at »st said- solemnly* " Margherita, if you don't put away. those e dasses-I shall start singing," The ^effeot of this simple threat was magical, . father than listen to the false notes of her cpbuse the Queen g»ve way, ^ «Sno?fed her Ijpectades. The iudifferenoe ofSobtfehmen and W j a t s t & w t^twahwr^ l» Gr»fc Britain,'' jw Christopher North styled the Tall of Foyers, by an industrial-company, finds a 1 laudable contrast in the care taken by Americans—who are usually regarded as worshippers cf the almighty dollar-to preserve their finest scenery from vandalism The Falls of the Yellowstone, of Yosemite, and Niagara, are some of the scenic gems which have been preserved to the nation by their patriotism and love of nature. Another is the Paradise Park of Mount Baiter, in Washington Sta^e, which includes the Mount, a volcanic peak of the Cascades over 14,000 feet high, and capped by glaciers. A mail coach has been " held up " by brigands at Villabate, near Palermo. Among the passerfgers were two armed Customs officers, who at once opened fire on the robbers, but one of the courag? ous men was mortally wounded. The brigands, two of whom were slightly injured, escaped under cover of darkness. A da-ing outrage by brigands ia reported from Agira, near Catania, where eight armed and disguised men suddenly attacked one evening a farmhouse, near a Tailway station. Having shot the farmer dead, and wounded a young peasant, they entered some premises where four laborers were measuring grain. "Faces to the ground!" cried the bandits, and, the order being obeyed, they at once ehot the unfortunate men. The bandits then ransacked the building for money, but finding none, retired leisurely, and are still at large. The latent fad of the Parisian swells is the aluminium timepiece. They are very light in weight, but a trifle more than the works The cises are in a dull black color—very effective. Some are openfaced, some are open in a small fin. disc in the centre, with small gilt hands on the black face of the watch, but they are in all sorts of inlaid decorations in colorings, and the best of it is that they are very reasonable in price. It is the custom at the gay^capital for the gentry to carry this timepiece in the right hand trousers pocket along with the keys, coin, and matchbox, and other paraphernalia of the masculine pocket. It is, moreover, the wont of the owners to rush the hand down in the pocket with great show of devil-may-care and bring forth the watch, of which the material is unscratchable, from among the other articles, glance at the time and.carefully replace it with an air of certainty in its infallibility. Ciricinatti women have just set an example of energy and resource which the cities of the old world envy in rain. Bemonstraoce with Bumbledom having proved unavailing, 100 women of Cinciriatti, sun-bonneted, in calico dresses, ami carrying brooms and hoes, marched into the main street of the city one fine morning last month, and began to clean it. They went to work with a will, and crowds of men and passengers on the trolleys applauded vigorously. All day long thie women scraped and swept the dirt in piles into, the gutters. Many brought their children, and eat their dinneron the kerbs. When sunset came the city had been cleaned from Virginia Avenue to the corporation line, half a mile away. Thousands came to see the street clean for the first time in six months. The object of the crusaders was to put the street cleaning department to shame, and they did it so effectually that the city has been clean ever since. Signor Giarelli, a keen observer of events in Italy, points out the great change which has taken place in Milan. Since the disappearance of the patriotic priests in Lombardy, their place has been taken by a young clergy educated in the Vatican traditions. The Cardinal Archbishop has become the only and true master of Milan, which city will shortly become tbe headquarters of clericalism Churches are being built by the halforen. Two powerful religious commanities—one of them the Carmellites—will shortly fix their seat in Milan. Father Gerardo—a member of a vigorous and industrious family of Liguria,the Beccaro di Novis—who is known in Italy by the surname of Bronre Monk, is now in Milan superintending the erection of the Church of the Sacrament in memory of the Eucharistic Congress. This monk is by way of becoming a formidable power, and is a strong ally of the Church and of tbe Archbishop of Milan. "One source of danger in diving (says Mr. BonBor in one of the magaaines) arises from the presence of marine monsters The intrusive shark has sometimes to i>e cancily dodged, and tbe life-lioe may it any moment be snapped in two should $9 pmttire'o voracity proept Jt to vm an action. Then, again, after the diver has descended, wherever he may wander he hasto come back exactly tbe same way —a thing not so easy to do in semi- darkness, and when he is climbing about the hold of a wreck. The entanglement of the rope, the twisting of the life-line round the numerous impediments in his ? & 7> might, lkely enough, prove fatal; indeed, cases have been known where the diver has become so involved that he has bad to resort to the desperate device of cutting his lifeline. In one such instance the man ascended too rapidly, and his massive helmet, coming into violent contact with the keel of the vessel he was working from, caused such severe internal injuries that he died instantly." Most people have heard of the Indian snake- charmers; not everybedv knows that there are Indians who go out into the wilderness and charm the foxes and the wild beasts An interesting account of a performance of this kind is giveu by Mrs. Gardner in a receat book of travel. Elephants had been sent for, and the party adjourned to a juogle about two miles from camp, and this is what took place: " The conjuror told us to remain quiet wh ist he went forward about a hundred yards and concealed himself behind a bush. He then began a muffled chuckling kind of call, whu-h he kept up without ceasing. In about two minutes a fox came ous of a little nullah close by, and, looking suspiciously about him, trotted towards the noise. Then came another, and presently two or three more ran in from different directions. Soon four or five appeared in the distance, followed by several others, and finally two big jackals, quite half a mile away, came galloping up as if afraid of being too late for the fun. At last there must have been thirty or forty foxes and jackals clustered together like a pack of hounds not a hundred yards from the bush. They all looked frightened, and seemed to come against their will; and the instant the man stopped hiB chant every one of the animals fled as if the spell were broken." The details of the return of the Blackburn man after an absence of nearly 20 years, and who had long been given up as dead by his wife, form a remarkable modern parallel to the romance of Enoch Arden. About 18 years ago a young Blackburn man, engaged in the building trade, married and with one child, suddenly disappeared from home, leaving no clue, except that it was generally believed that he had gone to America " to seek his fortune." His wife, having waited the prescribed number of years, and receiving no tidings of her husbanJ, was married a second time, and lived happily up to a short time ago, when her second husband died. About a month after this event the wanderer returned to Blackburn, and heard from a shopkeeper, who was ignorant of the wife's second marriage, that she was s'.ill at the old home. Arrived there, the man was met by a young woman, his daughter, and while he was relating to the incredulous girl the tale of his wanderings his wife suddenly appeared. She swooned on seeing what she supposed to be the ghost of her dead husband, and when she recovered from the shock she told her tale of waiting, and he of his wanderings in search of the fortune he never obtained. The man is cow at home with his wifd and daughter. It is (seldom that a Bussian criminal court pronounces a sentence of capital punishment, and in the majority of those infrequent instances a reprieve follows, and tbe culprit is sent either to the Siberian mines or to the penal island of Sakhalien, in the Sea of Japan. Some few months ago the Odessa correspondent of the Daily News gave an account of the capture of a notorious band of 13 murderous freebooters in the district of Kuban, and of the atrocious tortures to which they subjected their resisting victims. These miscreants were tried at Kubyn, and sentenced to be hanged. Five of them were subsequently respited, and their sentences commuted to life- long labor. One of the five died in prison. Toe capital sentence of the remaining eight has now been executed at the little district town of Kubyn. The gallows was erected on a small plateau situated in an elevated position on the Bide of a hill facing and towering above the town. Strange to say, the greatest difficulty was experienced by the authorities in finding an executioner. The official advertisements for a hangman published at Batoum, Tiflis, and Baku brought no responge, but uUimfttoty an tsecutione? w« found in the person of a sturdy blacksmith named Tchernikoff. When he produced the head covere all tbe prisoners, with one exception, resisted, and more especially three powerful culprits. The executioner only succeeded in reducing them to something like passive submission by the relentless application of a heavythonged whip. The scene with seven of the men was horrible. Each one in his turn resisted to the utmost of his manacled ability, at the same time screaming muffled curses through the face-cover. An extraordinary story comes from America, from Indianapolis—at lease, a French newspaper "locates" it there. As it concerns a musician, it may be considered that it will not be altogether out of place to mention it in connection with "Stageland." A certain Miss Mary Tate, who died at the age of 21, and who had been known as a pianist, gave orders that she should be buried iuside of a grand piano. Her wish was carried cut. She was laid in state on the lid of the piano A clergyuia-i sang a Bequiem, to which a friend played an accompaniment on the instrument. The action and frame were then taken out of the case, which was duly converted into a coffin and, with its appointed tenant, placed in the grave This coffin was rather an expensive one. It cost £280. However, misgiving* may very naturally be entertained as to the truth of the whole story. It is very possibly the attempt of a Freach artist to rival American ones in a line which they regard as specially their own. Charles Lever, in his novel of " Con Cregan," makes that hero give (For the entertainment of some American auditors) a fabulous account of himself, in which he is supposed to have been discovered as an infant in the case of an old Cremona violin, which was being examined 'by a crowd of enraptured amateurs. But the idea of Con Cregan making his first regular appearance in?ide a fiddle is certainly ^ capped by that of the young pianist's making her final exit in a piano. It is a rather suggestive fact that the name of the firm is given which supplied the piano converted to so strange a purpose. The story may, therefore, bg simply one of the newest things in the advertising way. The village of Kilham (says the Leeds Mercury) is unique among East Yorkshire villages in one respect, and that is in the possession of a bull-ring, which still retains that name. Tbe church, though otherwise little above the commonplace architecturally, has a fragment of an earlier Norman structure, now forming the south doorway, which, to the archa3- ologist, is worth a journey of many miles to see It is richly moulded and adorned with several varieties of chevron ornament, and above there is some very beau, tiful diaper work. The open space whera the bull was baited, at Kilham, is a widening out of the roadway immediately adjoining the church, and probably the baitings were undrr the sanction and patronage of somi of the former vicars, and more likely than not, would ofcen be held after morning service on Sunday, for so common did bull'baiting become on a Sunday that James I. had to pat a stop to it on that day. The best view of the baiting wou'd be from the churchyard, which would bo filled with spectators wlilst the bull was being tortured by the dogs, or, as might happen, the dogs were being disembowelled by the bull for the amusemeut of the people. The massive iron ring, let into a large bVk of stone, by which the bull was wont to bo tethered by a rope about fifteen feet long, until recently occupied a position in the centre of the bull-ring, when it was removed during the drainage operations, to a site near the church wall. However incongruous the idea cf a vieay taking a passive part in bu'l baiting may eeern to modern ideas,, little would be thought of it a century and a half ago. Queen Mary and the royal ladies were entertained by an ancestor of the present Premier with bull baiting at Hatfield House ;" snd Queen Elizabeth " took especial delight in it." On May 25, 1559, she entertained the trench Ambassadors to a bull baiting, with which they were so delighted that her Majesty never failed to provide a similar show for any foreign visitors she wished to .honor. Ptpyp, writing in 1606, tells how in London he saw " some good sports of the bulls tossing the dogs, cne into the very/boxes." It does not seem to be known when the last bull bai'ing "as held at Kilham, but it was not tiU 1835 that baiting was finally put dow$ by act pf Parliament, 