THE NOVELIST. BILLY BELLEW. BY W. E. NORRIS. Chapter XIV. the chemin de3 aqueducs. ' Owing to a previous engagement, Mr. BeJlew was unable to accept Mrs. Forbes's kind invitation to dinner; and he might have added that it would be a waste of time to send him any more such invitations, because he was sure to be previously engaged during the remainder of his sojourn in Algiers. Fortu nately, however, for his peace of mind, he did not know this, nor did Mrs. Littlewood upbraid him for his faithlessness. On the j contrary, she took more pains than she had for a long time past done to make herself pleasant to him ; only she never missed an opportunity of saying somethingcontemptuous about the elder Miss Forbes, and for about ten days Bhe held him very tight indeed. These, it must be acknowledged, were not clever tactics ; but Mrs. Littlewood was not a clever woman. She thought (but even clever women often fall into that error) that the ashes of a dead love may be fanned into ilame again; she thought that Billy was a goose, and that the only way to deal with him was to keep him out of temptation's way ; further more, she was under the impression that she possessed sufficient influence over him to imbue him with her own views respecting other people. For ten days, therefore, Billy was not allowed to see much ot the Forbes family, although he had some rides with Micky in the early mornings ; but at the expiration of that time Mrs. Littlewood's vigilance began to relax. She had satisfied herself that her devoted attendant had at least not been guilty of the atrocity of pronosing to Miss Forbes ; the meekness with which he listened to her hostile criticisms upon that lady helped to disarm suspicion; she reflected that the notions which find their way into the head of a small boy should not be taken tooseiiously ; moreover, she really hud great difficulty in believing that any man with eyes in his head could have been fascinated by one so im measurably her inferior in the matter of looks. Consequently she let him have a little more rope, thereby unconsciously rendering a service to Daisy, whose patience and for bearance had been subjtcted to a severe strain all this time. Daisy, in default of other facilities for cultivating amicable relations with Mr. Bellew, had been driven to join occasionally in those matutinal rides. Much as she hated early rising, and little as she relished the company of an intrusive and obstinate third person, Bhe felt that she had no alternative. So she asked ina very humble manner whether she might sometimes be permitted to go out with her brother and his friend, and the request was of course granted. Her manner had, for some reason or other, become humble; she no longer attempted to domineer over Mr. Bellrw, or to treat him as she was wont to treat her admirers ; she would ride beside him for long distances without once opening her lips, and she accepted certain reprimands which he thought it right to administer to her upon her style of equitation with curious submis siveness. Billy thought ber greatly improved, and began to like her much better than he bad done. He had heard from Micky that she had rejected Harry Lysaght, and he sus pected that she was already repenting of what she had done. But not for one moment did he suspect that he himself had had any thing to do with that hasty and foolish rejection. Of Winnie he obtained a glimpse, but only a glimpse, every now and then. It some times happened that she was in the garden or at the front door when he and his com panions returned from their ride, and then she would say good morning, or perhaps address a few words to him. Once he ventured to suggest that it would do her good to accompany them the next time they went out, but his proposal met with no encourage ment. "Don't you remember telling me," she asked, " that I was not fond of riding ? You were quite right; I am not fond of it. Besides, 1 have so many other things to do." But although she would not ride with him, she did not seem to mind talking to him; and he had more frequent occasions of ex changing ideas with her, after the reasaured Mrs. Littlewood took to driving with her friend Mrs. Kyland, and leaving his after noons free. What puzzleu him a little was the half- compassionate, half-regretful look which he surprised every now and again in her brown eyes. Was she sorry for him because be was still iu bondage, and because he re fused to break his bonds ? He hoped it might be that; but he hardly thought it conld be, for she never allotted even remotely to the subject. How, indeed, should he have guessed what she herself could not have ex plained? According to In r view of the situation, Mr. Beilew whb not at all to be pitied. He was going to break with Mrs. Littlewood. He had fallen in love with Daisy, who had obviously fallen in love (and for the very first time in her life; with him. Ho difficulties would he raised by Mr. and Mrs. Forbes, the latter of whom had made inquiries, and was prepared to give him a maternal welcome how that Harry Lysaght was past praying fur. No, Mr. Beilew could adarcely be called a fit subject for pity; yet, somehow ttr other, she did pity him, and she regretted Daisy's perversity almost us much .his jjqcpuntaSon Harry's. There may dim, unformulated notion pi - he was top good for s...... . ... ie' spring was advancing Itbls yturic has been ivtTAe Awlralatian. rapidly. The blossoms had fallen from the almond trees. Such of the aloes as proposed flowering prior to their demise were sending up long spikes. The sun was growing more powerful every day; the winter visitants were becoming restless. Amongst the other gifts bestowed by the bounteous season came Colonel Littlewood, back from Hamtnatn R'irha with a clean bill of health, but an empty pocket. Baccarat had of late treated him most unkindly, he explained to Billy, and his bad luck at that seductive game ren dered the negotiation of a fresh loan impera tive. Of course he got his money, and of course, in expressing his thanks, he gave utterance to the customary formula respect ing ultimate repayment. Repayment was what Billy had never asked for and never anticipated; still, as he was not what in these days is accounted a rich man, it would have been convenient to him to see some of his money back. He more than suspected, too, that a further advance would be required in order to defray the expense of his friends' homeward journey. When would they go? be wondered—and would he be expected to go with them when they went ? He put some tentative queries upon the subject to the Colonel, who answered, with his habitual complaisance— "Oh, / don't know, my dear tellow ; you must ask the wife. You aDd she had better settle it between you." No necessity for consulting Mrs. Little wood arose, for that lady had already settled what she meant to do, and in the course of the same evening she made her intentions known to the somewhat dismayed Billy. "I think we have had about enough of MISS MUEIBL CAEE, Of the Roselle-Dacbe Compant, Bijod Theatbe.. this," she told him. "The people here haven't been so civil to us that we need break oar hearts at leaving them, and although I am sorry to tear you away from * Le Bocage,' I am afraid the time has come for me to issue marching orders. It's rather too soon to go straight back to London, though— bow would Tunis and Sicily, and then a leisurely trip through Italy, suit you ?" Billy could not imagine anything much leBS likely to suit him than the above programme, 'but it was impossible to say so. What he did say, in hasty and guilty accents, was— " That would be very nice—very nice indeed. Only I'm not sure whether I oughtn't to get borne rather sooner than you will. I half promised to ride for a man at Sandown, and—and there are a lot of other things that I must see about I was thinking that I might perhaps stay on here for a few days after you leave, and then travel straight through to England." The scene wbich he had as good as invited promptly followed, and an unconditional surrender on his part followed the scene with equal promptitude. It is all very well to sneer at his weakness, but, " . under the cir cumstances, , no amount of strength would rhave availed him much. He had to choose between surrender and quarrelling with Blanche, and he could not quarrel with Blanche ; he would have considered himself a downright brute if he had done that. She j;avehim to understand that his behaviour .in proposing to desert her amounted to some thing not very far short of downright brutality ; she did not forgive him until she had made him beg repeatedly for forgiveness ; and by way of guarding against any possible relapse into insubordination, she despatched him to the town the next day to find out about steamers, and to secure a passage to Tunis for himself, as well as for her and her husband. A sorrowful man was he when be set forth on foot to obey her orders. It wns true that the day of his departure would have had to come sooner or later, and that a prolonga tion of his sojourn in Algiers would not have altered the fact that an insurmountable barrier existed between him and Winifred Forbes ; but most people prefer to take a necessary dose of pain later rather than sooner, while no man of Billy Bellew's age believes at the bottom of his heart in in surmountable barriers. _ The office of the Compagnie Transatlan tique was crowded, and he had an absurd sort of hope that cabins might not be ob tainable that week ; bnt the short-mannered clerk behind the grating took his money and his order without hesitation, and presently pushed the tickets towards hiiu. There is sometimes a difficulty about getting cabins for Marseilles at short notice ; but the coast ing service is Ipbs largely patronised. Billy turned away with a heavy heart, and making for the door, almost ran into the arms of Winifred Forbes. " I have come to take our passage," she said. " We are such a large party that we have to make our arrangements a week or two in advance. Are you here on the same errand ?" Billy nodded gloomily. "Only I'm not taking time so very much by the fore lock," he mid. " We're bound for Tunis, and we sail in three days, I'm sorry to say." No one could have misinterpreted the ex presaion which Winifred's face assumed when she heard tbiB announcement. She notonly looked startled; she looked almost horri fied. "Injhree daysl" Bhe echoed. " But sorely this is a very sudden resolution, is it not?" " Yes, I suppose it iB rather sudden ; but Mrs. Littlewood often doeB make up her mind in a hurry." "Ah--Mrs. Littlewood! You are going with her, then Well, if he was, that was hardly a reason for her addressing him in accents of seeming reproach; she knew very well that he was compelled to do as Mrs. Littlewood told him. He made no reply, beyond a grunt, and then asked whether he could be of any use in taking her tickets for her, as a lady might have some trouble in el bowing her way through the throng. HIb offer was accepted, and thus he ascertained that the Fortieses were not going to leave Algiers for another month. Another month—ah 1 if only some thrice blessed Captain Patten could have been dis covered to replace htm, and if he conld have remained quietly where he was for that length of time 1 But what is the good of sighing tor impossibilities? Winifred had recovered her equanimity when he rejoined her. She thanked him, and remarked—" I suppose you are riding or driving? I am going to walk up. the hill." How like that selfish old father of hers to have sent-her.aU that distance on foot, and to have. made her do his .troublesome jobs for him 1 But Billy was glad that she meant to walkhome, all the same. " I am doing a constitutional, too." he said. "Perhaps—if you didn't mind—we might keep each other company." "She assented at once. He gathered, from her manner, that she had rather expected his proposition, and that she had a reason for agreeing to it. Perhaps, in the kindness of h*r heart, she wanted to try the effect of some further remonstrances upon him. That, to be sure, would be a waste of breath : still, it would be happiness to be alone with her and to hear her voice, whatever she might tbink lit to say to him. They did not return by the dusty high road. Miss Forbes said that, if he wasn't in a hurry, she would prefer the Chemin des Aqueducs, a shady, winding road which follows the contour of the hills to the west ward of Algiers, and which is certainly not adapted to meet the requirements of persons in a hurry. But Billy was very far from being such a person just then, and, after a steep climb.through the white village of Isly, he gazed forward with satisfaction upon a long succession of clefts and ravines, into every one of which, as he knew, the sinuous way that lay before them plunged deeply. The vegetation on those hillsides is something marvellous to northern eye.s. The woods of ilex and silvery olives, with here and there a tall palm among them, the ragged bananas stooping over the garden walls—above all, the profusion of creepers and th° giant ivy which iiangs in festoons from tree to tree—these bathed in the intense, yet mellow light of an Algerian sun, must needs move even an exiled fox-hunter and a disconsolate lover to appreciative wonder. Billy paid his tribute to the exquisite designs of Nature in characteristic terras. " This fairly takes the cake!" he ejaculated. " I ain't much of a judge of scenery, but I'd back Algiers to romp in from any other place within a thousand miles of England." " Yet you are going to leave it," remarked Winifred. " Well—I mast, you know." " No, I don't know that at all. I don't understand your leaving like this. I wish you would explain." She spoke with an impatience which astonished him ; if she did not understand, neither did he. But of course he could ex plain, and he proceeded to do so. Even after listening to a perfectly explicit statement, Winifred. did not appear to be satisfied. . " I suppose you must he speaking the truth/'she said ;" but I did not expect you" to talk like that A month ago I should have expected it; I shouldn't have wondered ; but —but I thought you had changed some of your ideas of late. Certainly you have behaved as if you had." He heard her with increasing amazement. There could be no doubt now that she was reproaching him—but with what? It seemed sheer insanity to hope ; and yet every word that she said seemed to be uttered with the deliberate intention of giving him hope. As they paoed along from sunlight to shade and out into the sunlight again, she begged him to be straightforward with her, ana to tell her caqdidly whether anything bad oocurred to give him offence. If so, she believed she would be able to set it right. " It is so much better to speak out whim there is still time. Unless you speak out now you will be sorry afterwards, I think." Mortal man could not resist that. Billy stopped short and threw out his .hands. ' God knows I would have, spoken long ago if I had thought—if I had dated to think —that there was a ghost of a ohanoe for me •' he exclaimed. "Even now I can hardly believe that there isn't some mistalte, and I don't know what to say. But there is nothing really to suy, because you have heard every thing. You know how I love you, you know all about Blanche Littlewood—all that there is against me. I don't think it's so very bad-— at least not according to my lights. If it»8 bad of me to throw her over, I can't help it • nobody could help it 1 One thing l ean tell you truly: I have never loved any woman on earth but you, and never so long as I live " " Stop! Stop!" interrupted Winifred in a strangled voice. She had dropped in a sit ting posture upon the parapet by the way side ; her cheeks were pale and her eyes dilated. " Yon were right," she went on presently; "there has been a mistake—a horrible mistake! I don't think it can have been my fault; I hope you will believe that I never had the most distant suspicion of this ! 1 was thinking of—of something quite different." Billy's heart sank. "But you did know that I loved you," he murmured ; "you must surely have known that!" " Oh, no!—how could I? It is the last thing that I should ever have dreamt of!" She got up, and continued in a calmer and more constrained voice: " Perhaps I hud better tell you that I am engaged to-be mar ried. 1 have been engaged for some years to a Mr. Kirby, a neighbour of ours at home." Billy groaned. " Then it would have been hopeless anyhow," he remarked. " Yes, of course it would. I am very, very sorry ; I wish 1 hadn't spoken as I did just now ! You must have thought," exclaimed Winifred, the pallor of her cheeks becoming replaced by a vivid blush as she recalled her indiscreet utterances, " you must have thought I was proposing to you ! But you und rstand now, or rather you don't under stand, and I don't want you to understand. Mr. Bellew, will you please try to forget what 1 said ?" " Yes, I'll try, if you wish it," answered Billy dismally. He was still quite in the dark as to her original meaning ; but that was of small con sequence. Her present meaning was clear enough to torce itself upon the most obtuse comprehen sion. After an interval of silence, during which they had resumed their walk, he asked— "It this man Kirby had never existed do you think—would it have been possible for you ever to have cared for me?"' •' As if an.t body could answer such a question she returned irritably. But then s le caught signt of his woe-beg<me countenance and was moved to compassion. " Wuat might have been it everything had been different isn't much to the purpose, is it?" she resumed in a gentler tone. 'But I cim'Melieve that we should ever have been suited to one another, you and I. We are so very unlike in all our nabiisand tastes. You, 1 suppose, li\e chiefly for snort, and sport has no attracts ns for me. My mission in lite is to keep house and nurse people when they ar' ill. and make myself generally uselul in a humdrum sort of way. You would be bored to death if you were condemned to sp nd tne rest of your days with a person of that description ; anil it you will only try to realise wha: I am and .what you- are, I am sure you will see, after a time, that you have had a lucky escape." Billy smiled, but made no rejoinder. Alter (hey had walked abont a hundred yards further in silence, he said, "Perhaps I hal better leave you now, hadn't 1? I.can't talk, and I believe there's a shortcut to the hotel irom here. To- morrow I shall go and say goo l-bye to you all. By that time 1 shall be able ti behave prop -fly, I h<-pe, and to look as if nothing h..d happened." Site did not a tempt to detain him, but she gave him her band and repeated thai she was very sorry ; whereupon they parted. Wini fred walked steadily on, but Billy remained standing still, with bis bands clasped behind his backhand his head bowed. When, live minutes inter, a beml of the road brought her once more in siuht. of the shot" where she had left him, he had:not yet stirred. 