Sporting Notes. By " Caspian." Our steeplechase season was pretty well drawn to a conclusion last Satur day with the V.A.T.C. Grand National Steeplechase. Of course, I am aware of the fact that steeplechasing" is car ried on throughout the year in Australia at the Grand National meetings which follow In both of the adjoining colonies and here are making a fairly clear line for a steeple chase season. A steeplechase season will perhaps form a question for the V.R.C. ruling in a short time. An excellent day's racing, was the general consensus of opinion so far as last Saturday was concerned at Caul field. Favorites managed to get home no less than four times out of six, and a second favorite managed to get home. Those who follow Systems" fiuch as backing the first favorite In each event at S.P. must have had a pretty, fair day punting. The gathering just concluded was in marked contrast to the previous Satur day's racing so far as the weather was concerned. The prevailing weather last Saturday' was beautiful and spring-like, and naturally attracted a more nume rous attendance than usual. So far, the V.AT.C. executive have been particu larly fortunate in their racing fixtures. Mr Thos. Moule, the secretary of the ciub, had all the arrangements in con nection with the day's racing carried out in a satisfactory manner, whilst Mr A. Anderson, the chairman of the V.AT.C., saw that visitors were well looked after. Daimio has by his victory with 13st 31b fairly set the seal on his fame as a steeplechase horse. He not only jumps quickly and cleverly but he makes great pace between his fences. Several horses came to grief in the Grand National Steeplechase in trying to jump with the Swiveller gelding. The only chance for anything with him might have been in the Tun home. However, nothing had a ghost of a chance with Mr Gibson's steeplechaser. Daimio is just the cut of a good hunter so far as appearances go, strong and angular about the hips with a magnificently clean sloping shoulder and plenty of heart room. Whilst eulogising the merits of Daimio it must not be overlooked that Jim Barbour again steered' Mm over his fences, and this at considerable physi cal suffering. At Sandown Park No Name fell on Barbour and injured his head considerably, and riding last Sat urday with his head and face bandaged was a very trying ordeal to the fear less horseman. Another who assisted in JDiamio's victory was Mr H. R. Frew, his trainer, who brought the horse tho roughly fit to race, otherwise he must have tired to nothing in such a fastly run race over four miles. The colors of the Messrs Miller Bros, were, as usual conspicuous in the V.AT.C. jumping events, but they had the had luck to run into second place in each event. Still I expect to see Roms dal, with a little more schooling, win a good steeplechase. The most disap pointing of the Mill Park contingent appears to be Ripple, who has run into a place no end of times. Although her owners were of opinion that she was a stayer, I think they will find she is more at home over a. mile and a half, or under two miles. This stable would appear to have a pretty fair mortgage over most of our two-year-old races with Raak and Bertram but as the time approaches one or two behind Mr Miller's crack filly will have developed more pace. On looking over the lot last Saturday, I could not help but admire Norroy, who, by the way, was given rather a peculiar pedigree last week in the " Times." The mistake was made _ by the compositor in lifting the wrong line, hence the peculiar pedigree. This colt of Mr. Patterson's is by Escutcheon (son of Musket) from French Girl, and is built on very similar lines to his sire, with a back and loin on him that would astonish anyone. Flintlock is another of which I entertain a very good opinion, and Kobold will show; much better form with another trial in public. Panoply, the Sydney horse engaged in the Cqulfield Cup at 7st 51b, was beaten last Saturday at Canterbury Park races by Enid over six furlongs in Imin 16%see. The Cup horse was giving away 181bs, so that the perfor mance was far from indifferent. As Mr S. Fielder owns and trains both Va- nitas and Panoply (each Cup horses), he should be able to give a fairly cor rect line for the Caulfield Cup. Both horses have been well backed for the V.A.T.C. event in nearly all the dou bles. V Boots, bti who wsoriHhe Moore- fleld Hurdle-Race the prriouh Satur day, came/ but agaip jsuccesEqlly last Saturday > at \ CalJtoturF Park, New South '.Wales, raerf he wtei ja, great race by\fcea4 Fitz-DohoVBji.j jB Tibieitrip or ted by Mrs James WMteaLarcost of 1500 gns., won the Welter Handicap at 1 Canter bury Park last Saturday. He is one of the most famously-bred horses that ever came to Australia, and is sired by theDuke of Portland's Dono van, who won over L55,O0O in stakes in two seasons in England. His dam is Alone by Hermit. This horse is en gaged in the Mebourne Cup with 6s t 101b, and the Caulfield Cup with 7st 51bs. With Sst 121b in the saddle, he ran the mile at Canterbury Park in lmin 454sec., so that his chance must not be overlooked in the up races. He Is trained by Tom Payten. Kirkby, an own brother to Portsea, and engaged in the Melbourne Cup with 7st 91b, won the Buxton Handicap last Saturday at the ARC. Grand National meeting, carrying 9s t. He certainly did not beat anything to boast about, but, all the same, he ran the mile and a quarter in 2min. 18sec., and won com fortably. A good number of Caulfield Cap horses . faced the "barrier" in the V.A.T.C. Moondab Handicap, and seve ral of them appeared as if a few more rousing gallops would improve them. However, it is pleasing to backers that Commence double event betting pretty early to find Auch as Tullamore, Du ballow, Damper, Eiriddsforde, Marshal Ney, and Miraculeux are well forward, and likely to be much better on the day. Mr Geo. Davies - looks like holding a pretty strong hand for the Caulfield Cup this year, and I do not think any one .will begrudge the Cambria stable a victory in the race after the Tim Swiveller affair. _TT£e Adelaide Racing Club's Grand National meeting, held last Saturday, attracted a big gathering, but it might have been even a better and more in teresting meeting fcadvtKA .executive tried to keep cleaT 'of the V.AT.C. event. Had this been /Kb :result, a number df Victorian hordes >and owners wOuldi have been - pe&ept; fet j R. Stewart provided the Grand Ndtiqnal. Hurdle RaaSaSft Jack Sprat, by Bowklpa. sides running tliir<r- Sholto. Neither DuraMe iiOr Simula tor <both well supported) gained a situation. The Fulham Park Plate, for two-year-olds was looked upon as a real good thing for Marryatville, by Thunderbolt, but she was cleverly beaten by Recoup, by The Englishman from Sybil, winner of the Australian Cup, and dam of Mr W. T. Jones's filly., Sabrina. Foliage, by Malua — Verdure, was again a winner — on this occasion in the Lightning Handicap. For the first of the "extra meetings" to be held at Flemington, that fixed for Saturday, August 24 has met with a fairly good support, inasmuch as the two principal flat races have each closed with thirty- two entrants. A fairly numerous array of entries has been received for the Moonee Valley races, to be held on Wednesday, August 21st. ' Considering the amount of racing we are having -before the two great spring handicaps come on, it is surprising that there is not more betting straight-out on the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups. Double event betting appears to have most, attraction for the public at the bdds of 1000 to 1. At this price a good deal of business has been transacted by our leading bookmakers. . The Bendigo Jockey Club, under its present management, appears to be In a very healthy financial condition. With all the expenditure last season on im provements, the club's liability is only £161. There is a probability of the club starting a winter meeting and giving £300 to a steep lechaar — Mr. Sam W. Cox,ly5asUgeir|J&fi; some time, was present at the V.A/KC. Grand National /nseetingr Herattf ormecL me that he was gejt/ing and hoped to be/ukowell as ever tir-A couple of weeks. A well-known figure- fjjtheJiega- tive Assembly, who was present at the V.A.T.C. Grand National Steeplechase meeting, indulged in the luxury of backing his "fancy," also that of a couple of friends, that is, having three picks in the one race. Some sharper, straightaway proceeded on the first op portunity offered to relieve the punter of his tickets. He succeeded in extract ing two of the tickets, leaving one — Mainstay, which fortunately turned out to be -the winner. One can imagine the chagrin of the pocket manipulator, who held two worthless tickets. Entries for Sydney Tattersall's Au gust meeting close next Monday. Maribyrnong entries close on Monday next at the Moonee Valley Office. Handicaps for the Moonee Valley Racing Club's August meeting will be declared "on Monday. The Ballarat Turf Club intends hold ing its next meeting on Dowiing Potest racecourse on 20th September. Sandown Park will hold another meet ing on August 27, when a six event pro gramme will be run through. Entries close at Haydon's racecourse agency on Monday afternoon. Horace Jones, a jockey, well known; when in Cripps's stables, at Ascot Vale, and rider of Graduate in several races, as well as Bruin in the Newmarket Handicap, recently died of consumption at Croydon, New South Wales. Mr. Archie Yule appears to possess the makings of a good filly in Dux, who ran third at Caulfield last Saturday to Raak. She is nicely bred— by (Jang For ward (imp.), from Theresa (imp.), by Pellegrino, son of The Palmer, and was bred in South Australia by Sir Thomas Elder. By the way, writing of pedigrees, re minds me that French Girl, the dam of Norroy, -does not appear in the. Aus tralian Stud Book. If she is the daugh ter of Paris and Whirligig, her visit in 1893 was to Caramut, according to the , Stud Book, and not to Escutcheon. Racing men turned up in large must bers to pay their last tribute -of respect on 9th inst. to the late Mr J. H. Gush ing, who Was interred in the Melbourne General Cemetery. The Rev. Stanley; Lowe read the funeral serviee of th Church of Englaiid. Much regret h«« been expressed in sporting circles- here, as well as in the adjoining colonies, at his sudden death. Amongst some of the horses that ran in Mr. Cushing3 colors were G'Naroo, winner of the' Caul field Cup, and Meli, who ran second to. Camoola in the V.R.C. Derby. E. Kennedy, the well-known light weight jockey, has become attached to. Mr. S. G. Cook's stables. Mr Percy Chirnside, M.L.A., has, I learn, withdrawn from the contest of a seat on the' V.A.T.C. Mr H. Byron Moore, the secretary of the V.R.C., announces in our advertis ing columns this week, the conditions of the Twenty- Sixth (26) year of the V.R.C. Produce Stakes, of 10 soys, each added to a subscription of 20 spvs., from the owners of thoroughbred sires, and 200 sovs. from the V.R.C, Sires must be nominated either with the secretary, of the V.R.C. or AJ.C. before 4 p.m. on the 2nd September, 1895. The V.R.C. Works Committee have decided upon several important altera tions at the Flemington racecourse. For, a long time past race-goers have been loud in their complaints of the bad view afforded them of horses jumping the fences at the back of the course. The committee have: resolved to recommend that the jumps at this— pari of- the course be altered, and that" they be fenced, so as /to .keep .the 'Flatites" from encroaching. By. ti|i&JirjeaEfes;,it is stated that. jecV first-class view, iff the steeplechase coinpetitora_iBv,®ey ob tained by the ocbupanta- qiJ.tlfe'TiHi and stand. The co mmfif ee\huve also had under consideration the question of al tering the angle of the starting ma chine. When the horses are started at any part of the course by the machine, excepting at the bottom of the straight, the horses nearest the rails have an advantage over those on the outside, and the committee have decided to move the outer post of the machine so that all the competitors may be placed on an equal footing. It is also probable that some alteration will be made in the position of those fences which are placed at a difficult angle. The Adelaide Racing Club's Grand National meeting will be brought to a conclusion to day. We have to acknowledge the receipt of an interesting little work entitled, " Health, Exercise, and Amusement," by Professor Miller. The work j which is 'edited by " Audro." of "The Sportsman,' ' gives soma >very useful information regarding athletic sports and how to train for them, and contains Voine interesting reminiscences of the world's athletes. The portraits of a number of sport ing celebrities are also given. Our Flemington correspondent writes:— After great horses like a Redleap or a Daimio have proved successful over fences, with ISst -odd on their backs, enthusiastic Australians are anxious that they be sent to England, there to uphold the credit of the colonies over the Liverpool Grand National Steeplechase course. Chatting last night with & friend of the Messrs. Gibson Brothers, the popular owners of Daimio, I enquired if it were in tended to send tbe mighty son of Swiveller to the old country. The answer was " Not this year, at any rate. It is the wish of the owners that Mr R. F. Frew, who trained their horse have him prepared tor the next Australian Cup." Now, there is no reason why Daimio should u't make a bold showing in the two mile and a quarter handicap, even thongh he has not, like The Yeoman, who won the V.R.G. Grand National Hurdle Race as a three-y tar-old, and ran second in the same event the following year, and eubseqnently finished third in a Melbourne Cup, shown so much pace on the flat. Protos, another hurdle racer, won an Australian Cup, and Lord Harry, also a good one at the ame game, subsequently scored on the fiat, so I therefore see no reason why Daimio should not go and do likewise. Backers scored very heavily at Aspecdale Park on 14 h inst, when three first and three «econd favorites won. The pen Cillers have ex perienced a particularly warm time of it recently. Benlcia Boy carried most coin in the Hurdle Race, ani the Explosion gelding just suc ceeded in defeating bis stable companion. My Day, by a neck. Green Ribbon, who was piloted by J. Barbour, held a strong lead at the turn, but when tackled by Benecia Boy the mare quickly shut up Quickshot, who has been very unlucky on metropolitan courses, found bis way to the winning post on 14th inst, when tbe Purnim fading won the Hurdle and Steeplechasers' lafc Race at Aspendaie Fark. He started a hot favorite and -beat Corncrake, Jackeroo and three others veryoumfqrtably. Laplander op«lTavqrfte-ldr the Aspen- dale Welter Hhdicap tmHfcbiiuit bhvMonte supplanted h1m>just before thc"star&. vLap- lander sailed to the iea% whpn-. |he brier Was given, and Wopv/with(tof ; beyigj troutuea Jfrom Kochl∋ adOSarpedon. Monte jJid nob flatter his race. The KaS&ig; Club notifies that the gteeaiafiiigtQtfisin oonnection with the Y.R.G. meeting to be held at Fleming- ton on Saturday, 24th inst., wfil be Bold at Kirk's Bazaar at 12 o'clock next Monday, The thoroughbred mare St Odille, purchased by Messrs Ewes Brothers from Mr D. Wallace for 400 guineas, and which was suspected id have been stolen, has been found floating in creek with her hack broken. The mare me carrying a foal by Carbine. Mr A. Harvey has received intelligence thai Fortuuatus. who recently left fer India by tin s.s. Argus, has not suffered- much inconveni ence through the stranding iff 'that boat The Newmarket Handicap winner is well in sured. Mr j. Y. Smith, the well- known proprietor iff the Linwood Grange stud, near Maldon, is not only an enthusiast in breeding thoroaghbred horses, but is a great lover of poultry. At the Y.P. and D. Society's show this week. Mr Smith has obtained a record of 23 prizes out of . a possible 24. Mr Jno. Robertson, of trotting horse fame, I am pleased to find, is also a suc cessful exhibitor at this show. The Richmond Racing Club h%d a beautiful day for their meeting on Monday, and there was a laTjre a:t-n'»ncp to witness the excellent ractnjr. The fa fdsin the diffeivnt events were ,, .. larg,- : In tire- Flying Handicap, Annie' Boon y upset a very strong order in .Qalver, , who. , flattered her" supporters bvcstablishinga three lengths lead from her eight opponents, and leading into the straight , ai-peared to Lave the race at her mercy, but ihe suddenly shut up, and being utiablc to stall jff the outsider's run, had to be cantentwith rccond place. The Winner slatted at sixes. A 10 -ol chance, in Dandy Dick, appropriated ti e Burnley Handicap, neither of the three favorites managing ro secure a place. These vve<;e Marie, Gut ty Sark and Little Ben. who each started at fours. I:i thuGlenferrie Han dicap -backers gladly accepted e v . n money about Daisy's chance. R-turke waited patiently uniil .Albany aud Take In had run themselves out in the four furlong, when be brought ihe mare along, and ?imply walked over them in the fifth, ai'.d won easily by tinee parts of a length. In a fi-Id of half a score of 13 hand ponies, Anchorite, who bad the heavy impost of 10-t, was so well supported that he started ; odds on. whilst almost any price was obtainable about the others. The event re sulted in a dead heat between the favorite and Little Nell, who in the run off was easily defeated. The stewards in tend holding an inquiry into Noonan's ; r.drng of Lit lie N41. - The Richmond . Handicap was won by tbefavorite Rocket who defeated eleven 13.2 atid 13. 1'ponies. . TheuD- country peny Vashti .was heavily supported, but tailed to get nearer than second. Brewer says Baltoro took off fully 40ft from the. second juur.p, and lauded right on top of the fence. - The Actress cut a very sorry figure m the Steep lech ise on Saturday, the Adelaide mare ; being outpaced from the start. The winning jockeys at Caul field on Satur day were: — W. H. Pearson, F, Guinane, J. Barbour. A. Smith, and T, Swan, None of the douhijBVt'metreSbeqdaying \- Roses tem 'and DsSmid; whi5liwa»- df\ the first doubles asfedfet by backers, \ J. E. Brewer S-ofle t$e, bfg, wo'Gr a n d 7 National Hurdle?' races/ this " year, j. Barbour won t hf twO_N ationalSteadc)3 ases bn Daimio. V/7 The following holsesifelliine Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase on Saturday:— Baltoro, Floater, Joi, Reckless, Cerberus, Dart, Medicine, and Kebsworth. Caulfield is becoming a regular punters' paradise. . On Saturday backers again came out on top, as tor »e first favorites wou. and the winners ot the other two races were well sup ported. Our Jack was a very strong order for the Omar Handicap, and 3 to was accepted about the Sheet Anchor colt's chance at the close of . operations. Mr Davis's colt was never pro-, minent at any part of the' race, and Mainstay stalling off a.lale run by Pickles won- rather easily by half ar length. The . winner was heavily backed, and-started at 5 to 1. Raak was considered such a good thing for the Second Sapling Stakes on Saturdav that backers willingly laid 2 to 1 on Mr Miller's . filly.' A little-money went on Exchange, Dux and Kobold, but nothing else wa-? touched. Raak'a backers experienced a very . pleasant time, as the Glorious filly went to the front on ' the rise of the barrier and stayed there to the end, wiuning in a canter from, Kobold and Dux. Mr Miller has woo the first three two- year-old races of the season. ' . Immediately _the starter sent the field away in the Moondah Handicap on Saturday Da- Lai low rushed to the front, and quickly estab lished a lead of a dozen lengths. Racing down >the railway side the Sheet Anchor colt was so _Tar in front that it seemed doubtful whether he Would be caught. However, on turning into : .the straight Tulla more closed on him, and as his mission was to make the running lor his 'stable companion. Damper, he was soon passed ""by Tullamore". . Damper made a forward move "below the" dhtanc, " hut when it was that he had no chance, of catching Tullamore, the boy on Duhallow made a great' effort" to get up, ani just tailed to reach Tullamore, who won by a head. Damper finishing three lengths off thirds. The winner . was a slightly better favorite than Damper. The frequent use of the scratching. pea re duced the field in theV.A.T.C. Hurdle Race to five. Sylvan Prince, with the redoubtable J. E. Brewer in the saddle, opened favorite, but Mr M'Cracken's deceiver wa3 6uosrquently sup planted by. W oonooke and Ripple, the former starting a slightly better favorite than Mr Miller !s mare, Corncrake, an aged gilding by .Brandon from -Pattie. who won the Hurdle Race at Men tone last Tuesday, made all the running, and beat Ripple, after an interesting finish, by a length. Ripple is very consistent but most unlucky, the Swiveller mare having run into a place on numerous occasions, but so far she baa failed to have her humber hoisted fi»st by the judge. Sylvan Prince flattered his supporters up to the distance,- where Brewer moved -on him and he immediately curled up, and the favorite, finished olose behind the placed horses. "The victory of Diltoid in the Caulfirid Grand National Steeplechase on Saturday was ariBost popular one, and; the spectators.- cheered lustily as Barbour rode him into the weighing enclosure. . The manner m which he carried his big weight, 13sfc 3lb, and sileaead bis field, scamps him as one of the best steeple- chasers ever seen here. The Swiveller gelding jumped his' fences. in faultless style, and af cer covering "a couple o"f "miles he was going so strongly thai: Barbour allowed bim to sail along in front. When indulged with the lead be made the pace such a cracker that half of the competitors _> came to grief," and as soon as the last fence waB nego tiated the spectators commenced to cheer as they saw the favorite had the race in hand, Romsdal made a run at Daiinio when nearing She judge's box, but Barbour was not in the least concerned, and without moving on the top weight he won easily by a couple of lengths. Daimio smashed all previous records for this race by covering the four miles inSmin 16sec,or 17seca quicker than Dondi's record, which was the previous best time. Romsdal's perform ance was a capital one, and Geometry sur prised the spectators by the prominent posi tion she occupied throughout the race. Redleap is to be put into training again, Slikado IL has been leased to Mr Ryan, of Wailandool station, New South Wales, for the season. Tfie V.RC. have received very satisfactory entnes for the meeting to be held at Fleming- ton on Saturday. 24th August. The weights for the various events will be issned next Mom Jay, 