AIT UP m SMS GHOST- Apparition. Seating. vv iikjt Professor Pepper's r.Dpnrition apparatus was lirai exhibited at the old Polytechnic in Lou don many yoare ago everybody went about asking everyone else, " Have voti seen the ghost." Indeed, tlio* prevailing curiosity was put into concrete form in a comic Eong which detailed how "On every wall and post, go wlioro you will, it'a have yon seen the ghost." That is vrbat is taking place in Singleton just now. For some days South Singleton had n mono poly of or a morfcgago upon tho matter, but the ghost business has extended itself, and ia now com mon property. Nor in it ono to be .spoken o£ too lightly, for persons of undoubted credibility have made state inonts as to what they have actually seen, which, wanting explanation, point to something vory etrange and j wonderful indeed. Xo get back to tho beginning, howorer, and trace out tho ghost so far ns possible, it may be stated that some yeara ago a man numed Vic&ery;, who had. in hie pos eession a largo sum o£ money, is alleged to have left Singleton one night for hia homo by the Bulga, and lo have been seen for tho last time by anyono on earth going doivn to tho river near Fawcett's paddocks. He never reached hie homo, and hisdisap pearance is up to the present moment altogether unaccounted for. Sinco Vickery vanished, however, there have froik timo to timo been rumours of strange lights and apparations be coming visible about the esaefc locality iv which htj was last seen alive. In deed, it ia mid that a well-known resident of Soath Singleton, vrhilv walking along tho road thero oue oven ing in the gloaming, overtook, as he thought, a personal friend who had been walking in front oE him. He tapped that personal friend on tho shoulder only to iiud that his hand met no resistance, but went through some thing" quite unsubstantial. His sup posed friend, or tho wraith or form which he tried to touch, immediately, like the witches, luado itself air and vanished. Then, ac did j -Sneas when blood dripped from | a broken branch, that well-Imown | resident, abstnpnit stcteruntgnc comae el vox Jiiucibiis, luesit. lie stood amazed, his hair stood on end, and bis voice clung in his jaws, lie got away from the spot as quickly as possible, and doclinca to Tisit it now after dark unless in good company. During the last month or two it is asserted that stra?igo and mystic lights liavo been seen hovering about in a paddock near this haunted spot. These lights make their appearance at 25 minutes beforo 9 p.m ; but, like tho railway trai?3 near them, they are sometimes, though infrequently, no ton timo and cannot bo counted on to appear at the eiact moment set down for them in tho timetable arrauged for them as the result of popular observa tion. On Friday night last, however, a light of an inexplicable uaturo was certainly esou by persons vrfaoso inte grity in tho matter is quits beyond suspicion. A party of sii or soverc, including Mr i'Jayford and his son, and Mr iioran, employes at the rail way station, went out the road to Abboy Green to watch forthehgSifcor lights, and their wat??h was not un rewarded. At t?-- UOUr expected a light suddenly tv2.de jw appearance in a paddock nts;vrl}" opposite the cemetery- When first seen, tha light was about the size of that which would be emitted from a hand lantern, but different from that kind of illumi nation in appearanco, being somewhat thin and diffused, v.itliout a very delinite centre. It was a little abovo the ground, and moved towards tho party of watchers without apparently tho aid of any human agency. After it had got within ICO yards or bo of tho observers, it stopped, and then they began to approach it, on which a j regular will-o'-the-wisp chase began. i As tho searchers after the mystic od | vaiiccd, th<3 light, which had gained considerably in size as it approached, began to retreat at a rate esactly regulated by the movements of the spectators. If they ran, it moved very quickly, and kept pace with them; if they walked, it went at a slower rate; if they stood still, it stopped. Finally, after leading them a pretty long chaso in the paddock and by tho river, tho mysterious light vanished, and wa3 seen no more that night. The spectators returned to town, and the accounts of what they had undoubtedly "seen" kept all South Singleton in conversation on Saturday, and by Sunday had got hold in Single ton. On Sundcy night a. number of people wont out " to see the ghost," but though they waited long and patiently no ghost walked, no light appeared. On Monday quito one hundred persons on foot, 03 horse-back and in buggies went to investigate the appearance of the phautotn light. They waited and waited and scoured the haunted paddock, but could see nothing- They, however, earned tho just remonstrances of Jlr J. Dines, who rents tho paddock for grazing, and whose cattle did notr appreciate so many visitors. The greater part of the crowd canio back to Singleton and reported that there was no ghost. JBat it is asserted that come, who remained to 3 pretty lato hour, wore rewarded by noticing a light flickering about the paddock. Aud, it must be remembered, that no modest or self-respecting ghost would "feel inclined to make a show of himself for the benefit of a crowd, who bad come to see him, urged by curiosity rather than by a. desire to be courteous, and to attend to any thiEg he might have to say or £0 show them. These are the facts connected with the ghost, so far, and readers can draw their own conclusions from them. 