SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OS WHIOH GIRL DID HE MARRY? BT SKIPP BORLASE, Author of " For True Love's Sake," "Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death," " An Ocean Secret," "Recalled to Life," "Riohes to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron?" " The Police Minister," &o.; CHAPTER LXXI. WHAT PARSON BELLOS DILL -WITH BOCHDALB MABKET CEOSS. GBEENWOOD CHECKMATED. The reader will doubtless wonder how it was that, in the very dead of night, eo many people turned up just when they were most wanted in the neighbourhood of ao lonely situated a mansion as the old haunted Nunnery. The explanation, however, is a very simple one. The jovial leader of the prooession had gone straight to St. Chad's vicarage as soon as ever the walking of the boundariei was over, awakened the Rev. Dick Bellos by throwing some gravel against his bedroom window, and upon his putting out his night-capped head, had informed him that it was a disgrace to religion and to civilisation to have a ghostcrowded house almoBt within a stone's throw of the town bounda-ies, when the Churoh had a method of laying the ghosts at rest in their graves; and then he proceeded to relate what bad been eeen inside an upper window of the nunnery. Parson Dick's interest wai excited at once. It was a stroke of business that was quite in his line, and if it succeeded he oould see that it would redound to his credit, aud increase his fame almost if not quite as much as hia rescue cf the young farmer out of the olutoh of the devil had done. The form of procedure was the ohief thing that bothered him, but wli6n the leader asked, almost deprec&tingly;, and as a man who had but little knowledge of such matters should, whether the old market cross in Yorkshires'Iraet would not have a beneficial effect if planted somewhere within full view of the haunted house's windows, the Reverend Diok jumped ab the idea, and vowed that notwithstanding the hour it should be oonveyed there at once, for tne ely parson knew that the greater amount of weird r; ess and gloomveffeot lie could throw around the proceeding the greater also would be the extent of fame and credit accruing to himself. So he got the leader to promise to stand by and uphold him in all that he did, and then he dressed in haste, and pub on his full oanonicals, and the two repaired, first of all to Packer-street aad Packer Meadow, where six galloways (or "galls") were hired, fitted with a strange kind of impromptu rope harness, and then led across the river to the marketplace at the bottom of Yorkshire-street, in tbe centre of whioh, lying prostrate on the ground (just as in wanton mischief it had been pulled down from off its pedestal a fortnight previously by a party of practical jokers) was the market cross that they had oome in quest of. Tne very shape of a cross adapts itself for ropes being passed over and around it in a way cot easy for them to slip or lose their grip, and so the block of stone was soon attached to the galloways and dragged along at their heels, followed by a crowd whom tbe strange nature of the proceedings had roused from their beds and filled with a strong desire to see the " ending of it." Across the Butts and the bridge, and round by way of Drake-street the strange prooession wended its way, passing the Pinfold scarcely ten minutes after Sir Harry Howarth had obtained the key of the old mansion from the pinner. Not more than a Bcore or eo of people, however, would follow pareon, oross, and galloways into Ghost Lane, preferring instead to climb the steep southern slope of Castle Hill, and see as much as they could of the subsequent prooeedings from tbat presumed safe coigu of vantage, nathless that it was not far short of a quarter of a, mile distant. Well, tbe old market cross, by tbe united etreneth of the score or so of individuals hauling on to the ropes, was set upright in the ground just out of Ghost Lane, and within full view of the haunted Nunnery,* and then Parson Dick went through an impressive and mystio ceremony of his own invention, borrowed partly from the Druids, partly from tbe Papists, in some measure from the fire worshippers, danoing dervisheB, Buddhists, and not a little from tbe lex mm tcriplaot the Reformed Chnrch of England. Of course it bad an immense effeofc upon the immediate lookers-on, who had such faith in the ghosts being thereby at onca cleared out of the district that, when it was all over, and Parson Dick and the "g&llB;" and their drivers bad departed up the lane, nine-tenths of them stayed behind in order to listen taanhirangue from the red nightcapped pinner, JimNuttal], who was an individual who liked to hear himself tr.lk very exceedingly, and who, directly the greater personages had turned their baoks upon the scene, caught the publio attention by declaring that " for years he'd had the keys and care of the haunted Nunnery, and that, if they liked, he'd tell 'em a few tales of the old place that would make their very eyeballs jingle." Before, however, he had even commenced his narration, the shrill cry of " Murder! murder!" rang out olose in his rear, and into the very centre of the group there dashed little Josiah Tobyn, the leather stay-maker, whose first exclamation was— "I've had uo part in it. I'm as innocent as i child unborn. I'd have prevented it if I oould, but his eword was through him before j'ou could have said Jack Robinson. Ob, Jim Nutt≪, if that's really you, you're as deserving of the gallow6 for having lent him tho keys of the old. house as I am for having accompanied him there." "What's the row ? Has anything happened? I was in hopes that the parson had muttered his hoo'js-poou3 in time to have prevented any harm coining to Sir Harry." This from the pinner, but the stay-maker quickly retorted— " No harm has happened to him, but he's murdered a youug man whom he found there, and he'll murder his wife as well if you don't make baste and Bave her." But haste was made, and the reader already knows what resulted therefrom. Sir Harry Howarth was dumbfounded when she whom be had made sure was his wife announced herself to be Lady Cameron of Stranraer. The title was unknown to him, and sounded etrange and barbarous to his ears, for Scottish names eeemed as uncouth to Englishmen of that day as some Russian ones do to Britons of tho present. From that moment everything that had happened and was still happening appeared like a hideous and incomprehensible nightmare to him. Ho mked Rose ao more questions. Ia a dazed kind of way he knew who she was— who she alone could be—but, as lone as she was not his wife, all else did not interest him in the least. He had his faoulties sufficiently about him to even wonder at this, but the wonder could not Kiaqaer or alter the fact; ib only created a fresh doubt in his mind, namely, as to whether or not be was going mad— like his daughter Lucy had done—for he knew that madness was almost a family inheritance—like the gout—at some period or other of life. His etrange reticence was, however, a great relief to Rose, who had dreaded being questioned and cross-questioned by him. "Surely," she thought, " he must now know who I am," yet she couldn't be quite sure even of that, nor did it trouble or perplex her for long, since she had more serious matters to engross her attention than either her sister or her sister's husband. She had dec!ared her intention of accompanying Lancelot Leigh to his father's house, but she soon found that she wonld not be allowed to do this. When, in fact, the attorney's clerk aud the other searchers came back from an ineSectual hunt after the " other Jacobite" For whom the reward had been offered, or, in other words, her husb&nd;, the; behaved in such a way as to show her that they did not intend to allow her a single chance of slipping through their fin?ere. In a few minutes more some of them had carried Lancelot Leigh out of the hou*e on two boards lashed together to form a stretcher, without even telling her where they were going to take him ; and, a little later, she and the Baronet were bade by those who had remained behind to " stir their stumps in the direction of Rochdale Gaol," whither they were at once inarched off by a Bavage amateur pnlioe. each one of whom was maddened by the thought that "there were eo many in the job," and that, consequently, the reward of each would be so proportionately small. What, however, were their feelings compared with those of Haloanius Greenwood, when he happened to learn all that had taken piaee? vVith heart elated by joy at the discovery which he had made, became up out of the dungeon (or the Vipers' Hole, as some foIkB cilled it), into the high, eqnare, ruinous Ksep of the Saxon Castle, feeling assured that be should now be able to win the reward oUered for the hidine Jacobites, as well as tbat proffered by Sir Harry Howarth for tbe recovery of his wife, without one at all interfering with tho successful accomDlishment of the other ; wben, quitting the rower through the same breach that ballad entered it by, he suddenly and to his most intense surprise found himself amODtrsO a crowd of people, instead of surrounded only by brambles and goroe bushes. They all seemed to be gazing in one direction, too, and it was that of Ghost Lane and the haunted Nunnery. Halcamus was seized with uneasy apprehen- * Being insecurely planted, it soon fell down, and in time became firmly embedded in the ground and bailed beneath it. Very many yean elapsed, and it was unearthed when the turnpifce road was made from Sochdale to Manchester. sions atonce, and gliding amongst them, aa. hi thought unperoeived, he asked the first mkn, who by the moonlight looked to be a fool; " what was np ?" "Where be you oome from that yon don't know that already?" was the immediats counter question, whiah'pFored to Greenwood that it is not always safe to go by appearanoea. "Oh, I've but just come op,"saidhe,adding "Surely it's a sufficiently uncommon eight to see a crowd on Castle Hill at this hour of the night to tempt a man to oiimb the ateep to enquire what brings 'em here ?" "Oh, well, it's soon told. They've bees beating the bonnas to-night, for tome reason of other—a bet that they oouldn't follow them aright some say—and in coming np the lane they seed every window of the haunted Nunnery ohock full of ghosts. So Parson Bellos has loBt no time over the matter, but hai brought the old cross from the market-plooe, and stnok it np within fufl view of tbe house, as a sort o' notioe to the spsotres to quit possession, an' 1 believe th' parson's firing prayers an curses at 'em as well, in order to lay 'em as he calls it. Some be gone on with him, but more prudent folk, like I and the res*, have stopped at a safe distance, for we haven't had so mnoh truck with the devil and his imps as Parson Dick has, and so don't oars to be too venturesome. Oh, here they be coming baok again, eo I suppose the job's done." This was a clear and lucid explaBMttin of matters, but it didn't please Halcamus Greenwood half so much as it enlightened him. He stood and watohed Parson Bellos in his canonicals, and the galloways and their drivers turn round by tbe Pinfold in the direction of Drake-street, and then muttering deep and bitter curses as he »tro3e along he instinctively made his way down GhoBt- lane, though ha did not in the least hit know why he was doing eo. But tbe oonteqoenoe was tbat ao sooner had he got within close proximity to the old house than to his dismay, as well as his astonishment, he beheld a good number of people" coming out of the very building itself, so concealing himself at a spot which they wonld have to pass CIOBB by if they took the nearest and most direotcut Roohdalewards, the bright moonlight revealed, when they had got fairly abreast, of him, the facet ot Sir Harry Howarth and Bose(his wife's twin sister as he now knew her to be) in the centre oE the crowd, yet kept a little apart from each other, and evidently treated as prisoners. Greenwood now felt, to nse a proverbial phrase, "as mad aa a hatter," though why a hatter should be madder than other folkB it is hard to tell; nevertheless it is m foot that the hatters of Boohdale, at the period of whioh we write, were seemingly the maddest of its entire population. But Halcamus had Rood excuse for being so, for it appeared to him as though all his grand sohemes for self- aggrandisement were crumbling into dnst. He had, nevertheless, sufficient presence of mind left him to slip unperoeived ont of the hedge when the crowd had passed by np the lane, and, joining its tail, to ask one of its component members what had happened. He had addressed himself by obanoe to the little leather staymaker. Josiah Tobyn, who replied disconsolately, and little guessing who was his questioner. " What has happened say you ? Why, I've lost a thousand pounds, that's what's happened ! I intended to have restored a heartbroken husband to a lovely and persecuted wife, and I've got a fellow- creatnre ran right through the body instead, and the husband aforesaid will doubtless set banged for the mistake, and, oh lnd, I might have been hanged in bis company as—as a presumed, a very naturally presumed acoomplioe—if I hadn't at once divorced myself frota the dangerous oonneotion by rushing ont of the house for help, and proiently returning with it, aotively assisted lrn making him a prisoner. Bnt my thousand pounds are gone —gone—gone—for it wasn't his wife after all, don't you see ?" Haloamus Greenwood saw not only that, bnt everything else as well. He had no patienoe to pot any more questions, and he would have gladly wrung the little staymakers' neok had he only dared. As he didn't dare he dropped behind the crowd and began to ponder upon what wat best to be done nnder the oirontnstancee. 