General I Menl s. The competition of the teamstors has inlcred the Railway Commissioners to make a considerable reduction in the freights chargeable for the carriage of hides, sheep-skins, and tallow. From yesterday there articles were placed in the A classification. This means in some instances a reduction of as much as 30 per cent. VWe have received in pamphlet form the paper read by Mr. James Smith before the Reform Club. We quote the last two concluding paragraphs in which protection is referred to as, "An attempt to acclimatise, in this new and beautiful country one of the most odious forms of an old English Toryism; to build up a privileged Plutocracy by means of cheap labor; and to introduce into Victoria a proletariat as abject,. as helpless, as utterly at the mercy of those who grind their fecos, as are the tens of thousands of miserable beings who con. stitute both the reproach and the danger of the great American cities, and such rs I remember-gaunt, raeged, hknllow-eved, and only half human-in Spital.fields and Bethnal Green half a century ago. Let us never rest, gentlemen, until we have overthrown this grey iniquity. Toryism in Gieat Britan is dead and buried; will you allow its ghost to squeak and gibber in the streets of Melbourne? Or will you assert the great and sacred principle that each man is entitled to expend his own earnings, or his own income, in the way most congenial to his own feelings and interests, provided he infringes no moral law in so doing? And will you declare, with an emphasis not to be mistaken. that there can be no perfect liberty in this colony until freedom of thought, freedom of speech, freedom of consuience, and freedom of the press shall have been supplemented and crowned by freedom of trade." Very Good language, but rather overdrawn, Mr. Smith. tIow these nuggets grow in the eyes of imaginative reporters. George Brown's pear shaped nugget which he unearthed at Nug getty G ully, Daylesfoed,just weighed 218 ozs. and not 238 ozs. as the dailies say. The nugget is worth £160. "1 suppose you will take a spell now r' said a Mint man to tBrwn. " Oh, no," was the reply, "I have worked hard all my life and I mean to continue at it.' If this nugget had been found in W.A. there would have been a rush of I000 men to the spot in no time, and the papers would have beaten the boom drum fiercely, but in Vic toria the find is passed over as a mere matter of daily occurrence. W.A. has not yet found a nugget to equal Brown's. There is not much humor nowadays, and therefore a little thing serves its purpose. It was this "little thing" that quite sold Mr. Mason last week. He was putting a motion on tariffs and tombstones. " Stay, sir," interjected Mr. Murray, "can an hon. member vote if he is personally interested ?" "No," said the chairman. "Well, then, I protest against the member for Delatite recording his vote, since he has a direct personal interest in graces." Mr. Mason looked cross. Other members simpered. Nobody warmed to the jest. Baut it seemed to lighten a Tariff debate. Some rather smart interchanges at the quarterly meeting of the Yea Dairy Co. between Mr. R. Ferguson and Mr. Purcell. Strong language. The latter has been challenged to resign. 