CHAPTER IX. In uhlcli Ere cornea npon the scene. Five years have passed since the curtain rose on the first scene of the iittle dnuna. It is December onoe again, A oeld, oheer less, dismal afternoon, characteristic of oar English climate. Three winters have come and gene in dreary succession since Eve— sad, aged, wan—a mere shadow of her ! former self, heard the news of her husband's tragic end. The tempestuous storm of grief to which she had given way wae so violent and pro longed that the doctor began to fear for her health, and detecting Eve's love of horses and of riding—the one amusement in the world that still retained an interest for her —managed to prescribe this form of exeroise. And this he did by half-forbidding it, and was rewarded by seeing the roses oome baok to her cheeks, her eyes brighten, her step regain its old elasticity, for in these depress - ing wintry days Eve had taken to hunting again. Twenty miles from home, in an unknown country, with a jaded horse and a thin soak ing drizzle falling. The prospect is about miserable and unentioiug as it could be, aud Eve, who has been In the saddle all day, begins te shiver audibly. To make matters worse, darkness is oom ing on. The wild Surrey uplands over whioh she is riding are sufficiently puzzling at night to perplex even the foresters who have been familiar with every clump of trees and every thicket from their childhood. Almost in every dozen yards a new turning looms through the mist, hero plunging into the blackness of the beech woods or leading through a maae of goree—gaunt and unoannj in the fading light. There is nothing;ta guide her whatever. Each eloping track of grass and sandy path is like the other, and co folio* its winding oonrse might bring her back again to her starting-point without her knowledge. The spectral shadows of the trees dipping dismally on to the bed of leaves beneath, the pungent odour of the soaking braoken, the damp, earthy smell of sodden turf and decaying vegetation, the dreary, monotonous cliok ot her horse's hosts, as the poor creature sploshes up to its fetlocks in the mud, add to the depressing effeot and the mysterious feeling of solitude. Occasionally a etartled rabbit darts across the hor.e s path, nothing but its white tail visible, or an owl, uttering its weird, unearthly cry, throbs past ghost-like in the unreal atmo ,PEve'is not the person to he nervous, hut she is tired and stiff, and a little bit oross,! and the thought that she may wander about all "Ight without finding a way out of this labyrinth of undergrowth, or emerge on the wrong side of the country is anyihmg but cheerful. Something of this is in her unnd, when by-and-bye she beoomesoonsoious that someone is following her en horseback, and does not know -whether to be relieved or alarmed. As the footsteps come nearer she ventures a look over her shoulder, and although no thing but the bare outline oi borse and rider con possibly be distinguished in the gather ing gloom, Eve in her mind's eyes sees at onoe a handsome, sun-burnt faoe and a pair of honest bine eyes, a rather decided set of features, with a small grey moustaohe cover ing the upper lip, in a vivid manner rather startling to her own composure. She knows nothing in the world about this man, except, that he rides as a sports man should, and has unconsoiously given her a lead a'l day over a stiffieh line of country ; but, as he approaches at an easy oanter, his proximity affords her a sense of protection that may, or may not, be suffici ent to aocount for a suddenly heightened oolonr that makes Eve look more like her old self than she has done since her Wldow Jnst at this moment something unexpected occurb. This bread sheep walk that she has been following turns suddenly, and brings her face to faoe with a gipsy enoamp ment, before which a huge fire ia burning cheerfully, and throwing a lurid, uncanny gleam aoross the turf. The sight is suffi ciently unexpected to startle even a well behaved and thoroughly weary borse, and with a snort of inquiry the little bsy plants her forefeet resolutely, and ie equally in different to soothing oareBses and several sharp outs from Eve's Malacca riding crop. Now all this, whioh is very discomforting to our heroine, apparently causes a good deal of satisfaction to the gentlemen who tin been riding behind her, and now oomes upon the picturesque soene, whioh he promptly deoided would make an artist s fortune. The ruddy glow, whioh is thrown out m a broad oirole from the crackling logs, falls on a grotesque group of men and women drying their steaming olothes by the fire, and spreads a brilliant stream of light to the plunging horse and the graceful girl, ^who is leaning forward In her saddle and doing her best to eoax the frightened animal forward. After watching the uneven struggle for a few seconds, with a smile of quiet amuse ment on his face, the new-comer, who bears an unmistakeable resemblance to Mr B chert Delauney, rides up to Eve and offers to lead her horse past the objeot of its aversion, and is rather surprised to receive a courteous but very deoided " No, thank you," in re sponse. ■ ,, Mortified at her want ot success, and half indigaant at the implied lack of faith in her powers of horsemanship, Eve u de termined not to give in, and after another short fight she is rewarded (thanks partly to the admirable example set by Delauney s hnnter) by taking the horse within a few feet of the fire, and the next moment finds herself safely on the other side. Time has dragged heavily with Robert Delauney since the soene described in the last ohapter. A great many things have happened. Bet, as men will, he hj&B; borne it all without an outward trace. In the first plaoe, it was only through the fortunate evidence of the peasant, whose apparition en the mountain-side had startled him from his misery, that he had been able to clear himself from the charge of foal play to the satisfaction-of the Erenoh authorities. It was as well for Mm, perhaps, that uo one unable to read his heart knew what he had to grin by Loieel'a death. He had paid Lieutenant Boyd at onoe. That was inevitable; but he hai taken an oath then and there, that every penny of the money he won at Monte Carlo should be handed over to poor Loieel'a relations. This, however, was easier said than done. Week after week sped by, and still he could find no trace of the soldier's history, except that he was born at IX, Bue des Champs, in Paris, on Ostcbar 3rd, 1862, and had tried to evade conscription. Of hia family not a word could be heard. Rothing daunted, he determined to move heaven and earth till he found them. He was in a position now to repay the whole, for the spirit of investment had smiled on him ia the city. And the debt weighed upon him until it beoame a burden almost too heavy too bear. Now that the terrible strain was over, he saw clearly that the money belonged to LoiseL Nothing in the world could have justified his intention of keeping his winnings on that memorable night in the Casino. He had behaved like a coward, and the shame and misery of it all filled Ms heart. Bebert Delauney was a man of self control. But whenever he thought of that terrible moment on the Alps, when Loisel's body had been dashed to atoms on the rockB below, he felt a criminal, and thought that all the world must know. Night and day the picture haunted him. His con science tortured him incessantly. At last he began to look upon himself as Loisel's murderer. In his heart he bad wished the great catastrophe to happen—and almost before the thought was formed the end had come. He was suffering as all men suffer when they must reptnt. He took his punishment like a brave man indeed, and fonnd some relief in the task he had set himself, but nothing could lessen the weight. *11 his interests in life' seemed abBO- . lately crushed. He could never know what [ it was to be really happy again until he J had paid his debt; At last be bad cme to England. A friend of Loisel's in the regiment had seard bim talk of a wife' who wsb left living somewhere aoross the Channel. Who could tell that he might not hear of her, if he only went on searching and searching. Tfajg evening, for the first time for siuiy a long day, hie meditations had been taken out of the gloomy groove which had become quite habitat al to Delauney. _ Little does he guess that his pretty com panion is the one person in the world who can bring him relief. For how in the world was be to know that Loisel'sname had once beeaBieley. .... Ia tne meantime it has been growing darker and darker op on those Surrey hiiig The rain begins to pour in torrents, and a strong wind is now sweeping in great gusts across the woodlands. Delighted with her acMevement, Eve now turns to Delaucey, and after thank ing h*™ with charming condescension for his proffered assistance, begins talking in an animated way on the proBpecte of the hunting season and other congenial topics, while the horses jog along through the mire, glad, as horses always are, of company. , , _ ,, " I have not the least idea where I am, observes Mrs Elsley, as they draw up sud denly where a broad white road intersects rbeiv path,and seems to branch of in three or four directions, "Can you tell me which is the nearest way to Meadow croft t" " Meadoworofb 1" echoes her oompanion, in evident surprise. " Why, it is fifteen miles from here, as I know to my sorrow," and the next moment something hejs&ys; leads to the discovery chat for the last three weeks they have been staying practically next door to one another, and, yielding to the enchantment of the hoar, both ate seoratly glad of the pretext for continuing their iMe atite. It is later on in the evening, when they have halted for a moment on the crest of a little hill, aad the lights of Meadowcroft appear in a wooded hollow before them, that Delauney discovers that something is wrong with him. What in the world, he wonders, can there be abont this girl which Bets his pulses heating so fast and his heart throbbing against his side. An indescribable something abont her manner, an inscrutable depth in her merry hszel eyes, the bright fascinating way of; speaking, the constant flaw of fresh ideas,; the straightforward ring in her hearty child-like laugh—that is all, and yet he] feels that he, confirmed old bachelor that ] he is, has met his fate at last. < And Eve f Well, her thoughts are in each a tumult that she does not oars to analyse them too closely. Only she knows that life has began anew this evening, and when they reluctantly part at the Manor Hoose gates (for it is here that Eve is Btaying), and Delauney suddenly takes the little gloved hand she holds ont and ruses it to his lips, he leaves her with a bewildering sense of happiness which she cannot quite understand, and makes her go abont far the rest of the day on wings. Now, this being so, dear reader, yon may be sure that their first meeting was, by no, manner of means, the last. And long hefore the winter months slipped by, or the hunting parties broke np in the houses at Meadowcroft, a complete understanding had been arrived at between them. For some weeks the joy of their new found love seems as if it can only grow stronger, and csment their hearts closer together. A new world has opened before their eyes, a new life has begun for them, when one bright frosty morning Eve re ceives an anonymous letter, every word of which inflicts a wound upon her heart, which she feels no power in Heaven or earth can ever heal again. It is written on a single sheet of paper in an unknown hand, but the words wnioh blur before her eyes and make her away backwards with a piteous cry are plain enough " The man you have promised to marry is your husband's murderer (To be Continued.) 