INANE JOCULARITIES. (London Spectator,) There is nothing in the world whbh pro ! duces the sense of mental nausea more com pletely, or is more certain to turn the Intel lecturul stomach, than the use of certain jocularities of speech with which many people think fit to adorn their conversation. 1 The people who seem to find it impossible ' to speak to an unmarried man except as a 'gay bachelor,' with whom the sea is al ways 'the briny ' or the 'licrringpond,' and a horse ' a fiery steed,' who eternally talk about ' Sunday go-to-meeting clothes, and who have such phrases as 'no extra cltnrrrp ' 41 no-itato the tintinn.hnln.tm' t.hn 'noxious weed,' 'the pipe of peace,' 'forty winks,' and 'braving the elements,' for ever on their lips, are capable of producing a sense of disgust in those who curc to sec language kept bright and clean, which is absolutely intolerable. It is difficult to say whether these cant phrases — that is a per fectly proper description of them - arc more odious when used unconsciously— that is, by people who believe them to be funny, and intend' that their hearers should consider them funny, or by those who have merely caught them up and repeat them like par rots, and without any intention, good or bud. In our own opinion, the use of 'com* mon'form jocularities is most offensive in those who think of them as wit, though . most painful in persons who uso them un consciously and as mere methods of ex pressing their meaning. Wo feel that those who try to force a luugh out of such ex pressions as ' my downy couch,' or 'com- mitting matrimony,' who squirm into a smile as they ask if ' there isn't room for a littlo one' or who speak of 'japanning their trotter-cases,' might fairly be shot at sight. When some excellent mother of a largo and heavily facetiousfamily catches up, and uses almost unconsciously, such phrases aa 'getting outside a -square meal,' ' tho clerk of the weuther,' * 'she's no chicken,' » or ' put on your warpaiut;'and even when the father mechanically talks of performing his ablutions,' the sense of pathos overcomes all other feelings. With such an exhibition ?before our eyes, wc enn only feel sunt lacrr/mm rerum , and pass by with averted heads. As a rule, however, people who tako to the use of verbal jocularities, com* bino the mental standpoint of those who try to bo funny with the hallow sprightliness of mero imitation. Th*»y have a half hearted belief that they aro being funny ; but, at the same time, their chief rcasou for talking I about M maternal relatives,' and ' people of the masculine persausion,' is the fact that 1 they hear those with whom they associate doing tho same. They say, 'Why this thusnessV'or 'A fine day for tho ducks!' lust as they say 'Yes ! ' or 'No 1' As so many people aro jocular without really meaning it. it may be worth while to quote sptno examples of the form of speech 1 that they should avoid. In all probability 1 there ;nre thousands of persons of most ex .. emplary behaviour, and of excellent moral character in other respects, whose speech Jji inadvertently strewn with tlie verbal atrocities against which wo aro protesting, and who aro not in any true sense awaro of their shocking exhibition they often make .of-themselves. Let it not bo supposed for (^moment that it is ouly the 'of one sex oi* tho ' 'Arries ' of the other who are steeped to the lips in jocularities. The use of joenlarities is by no means exclusively a sin of the vulgar. Plenty of people who would not talk about ' the Marquis,' or 'Lord Humilion,' when they meant 'Lord George,' ma}' b« heard ' recruiting ex hausted nature' by a drink from tho flow ing bowl,' and declaring that they are 'full inside,' though they have been very 'peckish.' All sorts and conditions of men and women, boys and girls, arc implicated iu our charge, and there is no cluss or set that can be held blamelefco. Since, therefore, there are so many unconscious sinners, wc propose, as wc have said above, to select some spr ciully bud examples of jocularities iu order that thoso ri ?ed of conversion may have their consciences awakened, and so he brought to a better way. Those who have never yet realised that they use the most atrocious expressions a hundred times a day I will be able to seo themselves in a mirror, | and to understand that the funny tiling, when someone ootnos near to treading on your fee t, is to exclaim, with the requisite vivacity, 'Ware wheat. ! '* 'Ware wheat,' of course, is equal to look out fo corn,' and so 'Don't tread upon my toes.' Anything more disagreeably foolish and inanely un pleasaut it. is difficult to imagine. There is, of conrsc, no harm in talking about corns, but this remote and feeble ' jokelct ' — to borrow a pharsc loved by the jocular— s positively ghoulish. After this such phrases as 'spare my blushes,' 'to indite an epistle,' 'to be shot,' (i.e.. to be photographed), 'as the poet hath it,' 'good after tea,' instead of good afternoon,' playing the giddy gar den goat,' the best of everything's good enough for me,' pound almost commendable. They must, however, be avoided like the plague, for so catching and so insidious is tho habit of using jocularities, that the man who begins with ' spare my blushes,' is more than likely toend with 'ware wheat.' I Another very common and very shocking I cant phrase is, ' it doesn't suit my peculiar I style of beauty,' and almost as bad are 'OK,' i.e., all right, 'Only his little joke,' ' I like them, but they don't like me,' 'There isn't a headache in a hogshead, 'and ?'How goes the enemy ?' There are, in ad ditiou, many single words which, by deriva tion or association, must rank us jocularities. We will, however, only cite one. Can any thing bo more horrible than the word 'toothsome,' cspee'a'ly when applied, as wc have known it applied, to liquour? A glass of ' toothsome Green Chartreuse ' is per haps, the most nauseous form of words it is possible to imagine. It is far worso than the greasy phrase, ' the succulent chop of com merce.' which so often passes for wit iu the cuting-housc, when Hunting ttsks Buntcr what he is going to have for dinner this ' after-tea.' It will, pcrhnps, be suid that we ought not to draw this indictment against a whole set of words and phrases without giving some reason for the disapprobation with which we havo regarded them. All people capable of forming a rational opinion, will, we may fairly assume, agree that chcap and conven tional jocularities of the sort we have given arc to be condemned but they still like to have the sources of disgust analysed and in vestigated. In our opinion, one of the chief reasons why verbal jocularities are so shocking is to be found iu the fact that they arc blurred and defaced by usuage. They are, in fact, like those worn engravings of pictures which one sees iu sea side lodgings. Tho original picture may have been well enough, but the ten-thousandth impression is a most revolting object. The shadows and lights are all inn together, and the total effect is unbearable. When Diogenesc, or whoever it was, asked Aristotlo to take 'pot luck' with him, the phrase was bright and clean, neunt something, and was sufficiently humorous. Now, however, that it has been used a million tinies.it is as greasy us otic of the 50-centimc notes that used to pass current in Italy. '' Feeling below par,' again, may have been a toler able Stock -Exchange witticism when Mr Levison first let it off at the Hou&e; to an admirer 'runner.' Now it is so sorry a joke, that in pity the doctors arc making it into «, technical expression for a condition of health below normal. The first boy too, who complained in of a 'bone his leg ' had, no doubt, a right to be proud of his inven tiveness ; but who feels inclined to. laugh at it now 1 Turns of phrase intended to be comic arc all very well, aud should not nec essary be discouraged ; but they must be had in, us the shops say, ' fresh as-fresh.' The moment they arc the least bit off color, they not merely cease to amuse, but are justly the cause of louthing, and becomes thiugs as abominable as eggs that have ceused to be fresh. In their ca*e, too, 110 one as a right to act like the humble curate who replied : — 1 'Fresh enough for me, thank yon,' when the green shade in his egg had made the wife of his beneficed brother jar gon exclaim : — 'Dear me, I am afraid your egg isn't quite fresh.' Wc can keep the un* freshness of our eggs to ourselves, but not so the unfreshuess of our joucs. In addition also, to those worn out jokes whose ghosts, like the ghosts in ' Julius C;esar,' screum and jibber in the public stroets and bear about with them a ghastly mockery of fun, there arc jocularities which were never anything but vulgar and disgusting. They arc di8gu»iiug because they are disgusting, and of him who cunnot recognise them wc can only say — it we arc charitably inclined — as we say of a man who has no sense of : smell, that lie escapes a great deal. No I doubt there remains, when all is suid and I done, a certain scope for private judgment. I The best judges of pictures and music never I quite agree in their ceusures. 