Bt-' Abode's Ghost.' Silver Kise has not returned home, but is at Oootamundra, whore she is being looked aftorbyher trainer.. Teddy Cumin leaves on Tuesday for Junes, with Bass Tailor aud a fall bister to SunflWer,-tho latter 1 bolicve is froiujj for the Maiden Plate, Mr J. F. Willans and Mr J. O. Thompson have eaoh presented a bat to be competed for by the Narandora aui Mechanics Cricket Clubs, and Mr F. Smith is giving a trophy for the best batting average. ? ;.. Our only candidate at tba Caota. Races, Silver Rose, pulled off the Farswoll Handi cap, running the six furlongs in lmiu 17cec8., aud our lied the burden of 8.8. Silver Hose was piolted by Teldy Currau, and this makes his thirteenth win for Jim Beck out of twenty mounts, not at all a bad perform ance. ? Tlie Junce Races take plaoe on Wednes day and Thursday, and shotild prove a great success. The Cup should he between Silver Rose Red Rose and Dora; Raillery should ap propriate the Hurdle Ea.ee, with Hands Up handy. At a meeting of the members of tho Hay Jockey Club on Friday night the balance sheet was adopted. It was decided to hold the annual1 meeting on Wednesday and Thursday, May H and 9 ; the added prize money to be £209. Messrs Jos. Donohoe aud J. Howard wereappoiuted handicappers, aud commissioned *? to attend Naraudera. T.C. Races, on the 1st and 2nd May, aud to declare handicaps immediately after. It was decided that a Sires' Produce Stakes be placed on tho programme for May meeting, 1896, aud the annual subscription for owners of sires was fixed at :five guineas. ? It 'Was also decided thit the deposit receipts of the A.J.S. Bink, amouutiug to £220, be sold^fci oucc,'aud the proceeds placed on current account at the saitne bank ; this will, allowing for the club's overdraft, leave the club about £90 iu hand. A special meeting of the Naraudera Turf will be held to-morrow (Wednesday),' at 3 p.m., at Russell's Hotel. The business con sists of the appointment of secretary, and to receive ropoitsand arrange programme. The well-brcil Rosary (dam of Aquarius and Calculus) has returned to Warwick Farm after visiting Carbine, and the result of that union ought certainly- to be something hiili class. Rosary is by a brother of Ciiester, from Vesper, hjr Panic, from Evening Star (imp.), by Lord Clifden, aud Cirbiue on tint can hardly fail to produce a raeehorse. When Highborn ran second to Carbine in theMel bourne Cup, tlie luttav's victory cit .Mr Forrester out of a stake of £23,008, and Mr D. S. Wallace, remembering this, allowed Air Forrester tlie privilege of sendiug any mare lie had to Carbine free. That mare was Kosiry. ; llejlie-de-met, a burdla racer tint had a gold recorl jiu Central Queensland for severa,l S3as-r^ but W4S bought for Iudia has wos the grand annual Hurdle Eacc of of Rs.3000, run at Cilciutn, which is the priucipaljiimnhgraeeof the year. Cullodsn, V..t*\\.»it«T Prtn.io - Tm«orirt.l. Aillp.Ln ,r!c. Riversdalc, R.| B. and Myra, also Austra liin-tacu V»i)«taxtal in the vsv-e, the favorite lieingCuHodan at 2 to 1. Vnllowiog nio tbe results of the matches played betwen ths N*raudcra aad Mo chanios CC's.j for Mr Thomas' trophies: — J st competition— Narundert 213, Mechanics 216\. Won by jlleohauio* by 2 wiokets and 3 runs. 2ud competition — Na andero 176, Mechanics US, Won by Narandeia by 31 rubs. 3rl ofmp-?tition — Narandera 271. ' M8ehinic3 2Sl. Won by Mechanics by 10 runs. 'j 