The Storyteller. The Sowers. Author of "With Edged Tools," &c.; CHAPTER XXIV. Home. BY HENRY SETON MERRIMAN. A tearing, howling wind from the north —from the boundless snow-clad plains of Russia that lie between the Neva and the Yellow Sea; a gray sky, washed over as with a huge brush dipped in dirty whiting ; and the plains of Tver a spotless, dazzling level of snow. The snow was falling softly and \- steadily, falling, us it never falls tn Eng land, in little more than line powder, with a temperature 40deg. below freezing point. drift—constant, restless, never alterrng£«tyi|} over the level plain like the duit S a high-road before a steady wind. TMs white scud—a flying scud of frozen water—was singularly like the scud that ia blown from ihe crest of the waves by a cyclone in the China Seas. Any object that broke the wind—a stunted pine, a broken tree-trunk, a Government road-post—had at its leeward side a high, narrow snow-drift tailing off to the dead level of the plain. Where the wind dropped, the snow ro?e at once. But tiiese objects were few and far between. The deadly monotony of the scene—lho trackless level, the pre posterous dimensions o£ the plain, the sense of distance that is conveyed only by the steppe and the great desert of Gobi when the snow lies on it—ail these tell the same grim truth to all who look on them, the old truth that man is but a . small thing and his life but the tlower of grass. Across the plain of Tver, before the north wind, a single sleigh was tearing as fast as horse could lay hoof to ground —a sleigh driven by Paul Howard-Alexis, and the track of it was as a line drawn from point to point across a map. A striking feature of the winter of Northern Russia is the glorious uncer tainty of its snowfalls. "At Tver the weather-wise had said : " The snow has not all fallen yet. More is coming. It is yellow in the sky, although March is nearly gone." \- The landlord of the hotel (a good enough resting-place facing the broad Volga) had urged upon Monsieur, le Prince the advisability of waiting, as is the way of landlords all the world over. But Etta had shown a strange restless ness, a petulant desire to hurry forward at all risks. She hated Tver ; the hotel 'was uncomfortable, there was an un healthy smell about the place. . Paul acceded readily enough to her wishes. He rather liked Tver. In a way he was proud of this busy town —a •centre of • Russian civilisation. He would have liked Etta to be favourably impressed with it, as any prejudice would naturally reflect upon Osterno, a hundred and forty miles across the steppe. But with a characteristic silent patience he made the necessary prepara tions for an immediate start. The night express from St. Petersburg had deposited them on the platform in the early morning. Steinmetz had preceded them. Closed sleighs from Osterno were awaiting them. A luxurious breakfast was prepared at the hotel, Relays of horses were posted along the road. The journey to Osterno had beem sarefully planned and arranged by Steinmetz—a king among organisers. The sleigh drive across the steppe was to be accom plish«d in ten hours. The snow had begun tp fall as they clattered across the floating bridge of Tver. It.had fallen ever* since, and the afternoon lowered gloomily. In America such visitations are called " blizzards," here in Russia It is merely " the Bnow." The freezing wind is taken as a matter of course. At a distance of one hundred miles from Tver, the driver of the sleigh contain ing Etta, Maggie, and Paul had sud denly rolled off hia perch. His hands were frost-bitten ; a piteous, blue face peered out at his master through ice laden eyebrows, moustache, and beard. In a moment Maggie wan out in the snow beside the two men, while Etta hastily closed the door. " He is all right," said Paul ; "it Is only the cold. Pour some brandy into his mouth while I hold the ice aside. Don't take off your gloves. The iiask will stick to your fingers." Maggie obeyed with her usual breezy readiness, turning to nod reassurance to Etta, who, truth to tell, had pulled up the rime-covered windows, shutting out the whole scene. " He must come Inside," said Maggie. " We are nice and warm with all the hot water cans." Paul looked rather dubiously towards the sleigh. " Tou can carry him, I suppose ?" said the girl cheerfully. "He is not very big—he is all fur coat." Etta looked rather disgusted, but made no obection, while Paul lifted the frozen man Into the seat he had Just vacated. " When you are cold I will drive," cried Maggie, as Paul shut the door. "I should love it." Thus it came about that a single sleigh was speeding across the plain of Tver. Paul, with the composure that comes of a large experience, gathered the reins in his two hands, driving with both and with extended arms, after the manner of Russian yemschlks. For a man must accommodate himself to circumstance, and flngerless gloves are not conducive to a finished style of handling the rib bons. This, driver knew that the next station was twenty miles off ; that at any mo ment the horses might break down or plunge into a drift. He knew that in the event of such emergepcies it would be singularly easy for four people to die of cold within a few miles of help. But he had faced such possibilities a hundred times before in this vast country, where the standard price of a human life is no great sum. He was not, therefore, dis mayed, but rather took delight in bat tling with strong elements, as all strong men should, and most of them, thank heaven, do. Moreover, he battled successfully, and before the moon was well up drew rein outside the village of Osterno, to accede at last to the oft-repeated prayer of the driver that he might return to his task. " It is not meet," the man had gruffly said whenever a short halt was made to change horses, '" that a great prince should drive a yemschik." "It is meet," answered Paul simply, " for one man to help another." Then this man of deeds and not of words clambered into the sleigh and drew up the windows, hiding his head as he drove through his own village, where every man was dependent for life and being on his charity. They were silent, for the ladies were tired and cold. " We shall soon be there," said Paul reassuringly. But he did not lower the windows and look out, as any man might have wished to do, on returning to the place of his birth. Maggie sat back, wrapped in her furs. She was meditating over the events of the day, and more particularly over a cer tain skill, a quickness of touch, a deft handling of stricken men which she had noted far out on the snowy steppe a few hours earlier. Paul was a different man when he had 10 deal with pain and sick ness : he was quicker, brighter, full of confidence in himself. For the great sympathy was his—that love of the neigh bour which is thrown like a mantle over the shoulders of some men, making them different from their fellows, securing to them that love of great and small which perchance follows some when they are dead to that place where a human testi mony may not be all in vain. At the castle all was in readiness for the prince and princess, their departure from Tver having been telegraphed. On the threshold of the great house, before she had entered the magnificent hall, Etta's eyes brightened, her fatigue vanished. She played her part before the crowd of bowing servants with that forgetfulness of mere bodily fatigue which is expected of princesses and other great ladies. She swept up the broad staircase, leaning on Paul's arm, with a carriage, a presence, a dazzling wealth of beauty, which did not fail to impress the onlookers. .Whatever Etta may have failed to bring to Paul Howard-Alexis as a wife, she made him a matchless princes?. He led her straight through the draw ing-room to the suite of rooms which were hers. These consisted of an ante room, a small drawing-room, and her private apartments be/ond. Paul stopped in the drawing-room, looking round with a simple satisfaction in all that had been done by his orders for Etta's comfort. " These," he. said, " are your roomB." He was no adept at turning a neat phrase—at reeling off a pretty, honey moon welcome. Perhaps he expected her to express delight, to come to him, possibly, and kiss him, as some women would have done. She looked round critically. " Yes," she said, " they are very nice." She crossed the room and drew aside the curtain that covered the double latticed windows. The room was so warm that there was no rime on the panes. She gave a little shudder, and he went to her side, putting his strong, quiet arm around her. Below them, stretching away beneath the brilliant moonlight, lay the country that was his inheritance, an estate as large as a large English county. Imme diutely beneath them, at the foot of the great rock upon which the castle was built, nestled the village of Osterno— straggling, squalid. " Oh I" she said dully, " this is Siberia —this is terrible." It had never presented itself to him in that light, the wonderful stretch of country over which they were looking. "It is not so bad," he said. "in the daylight." And that was all j for he had no per suasive tongue. " That is the village," he went on, after a little pause. " Those are the people who look to us to help them in their fight against terrible odds. I hoped—that you would be interested In them." She looked down curiously at the little wooden huts, half-buried in the snow ; the smoking chimneys ; the twinkling curtainless windows. " What do you expect me to do ?" she asked, in a queer voice. He looked at her in a sort of wonder ment. Perhap? it seemed to him that, a woman should have no need to ask such a question. " It is a long story," he said ; " I will tell you about it another time. Tou are tired now, after your Journey." His arm slipped from her waist. They stood aide by side. And both were con scious of a feeling of difference. They were not the same as they had been in London. The atmosphere of Russia seemed to have had some subtle effect upon them. Etta turned and sat slowly down on a low chair before the fire. She had thrown her furs aside, and they lay in a luxurious heap on the floor. The maids, hearing that the prince and princess were together, waited silently in the next room behind the closed door. " I think I had better hear it now," said Etta. " But you are tired, protested her husband. " You had better re?t until dinner time." " No ; I am not tired." He c&me; towards her and stood with one elbow on the mantelpiece, looking down at her—a quiet, strong man, who had already forgotten his feat of endu rance of a few hours earlier. " These people," he said, " would die of starvation and cold and sickness if we did not help them. It is simply im possible for them in the few months that they can work the land to cultivate it so as to yield any more than their taxes. They are overtaxed, and no one cares. The army must be kept up and a huge civil service, and no one cares what happens to the peasants. Some day the peasants must turn, but not yet. It is a question for all Russian landowners to face, and nobody faces it. If anyone tries to improve the condition of his pea sants—they weret happier a thousand times as serfs—the bureaucrats of Petersburg mark him down and he is forced to leave the country. The whole fabric of this Government is rotten, but everyone, except the peasants, would suffer by its fall, and therefore it stands." Etta was staring into the flre. It was impossible to say whether ehe heard with comprehension or not. Paul went on— " There is nothing left, therefore, but to go and do good by stealth. I studied medicine with that view. Steinmetz has scraped and economised the working of the estate for the same purpose. The Government will not allow us to have a doctor ; they prevent us from organis ing relief and education on anything like an adequate scale. They do it all by underhand means. They have not the pluck to oppose us openly ! For years we have been doing what we can. We have almost eradicated cholera. They do not die of starvation now. And they* are learning—very slowly, but still they are learning. We—l—thought you might be interested in your people ; you might want to help." She gave a short, little nod. There was a suggestion of suspense in her whole being and attitude, as if she were waiting to hear something which ehe knew could not be avoided. " A few years ago," he went on, " a gigantic scheme was set on foot. I told you a little about it—the Charity League." Her lips moved, but no sound came from them, so.she nodded-a second time. A tiny caiTiago-clock on the mantel piece struck 7, and she looked up in a startled way, as if the sound had frightened her. The castle was quite sttfl." Silencel seemed fto brood over the old wall*. " That fell through," he went on, "aa I told you. It was betrayed. Stepan Lanoviteh was banished. He has es caped, however ; <steinmetz has seen him. He succeeded in destroying some of the papers before the place was searched afte? the robbery—one paper in particular. If he had not destroyed that, I should have been banished. I was one of the leaders of the Charity League. Steinmetz and I got the thing up. It would have been for the happi ness of millions of peasants if it had "not been betrayed. In time—we shall find out who did it." He paused. He did not say what he would do when he had found out. Etta was staring into the fire. Her lips were dry. She hardly seemed to be breathing. "It is possible," he went on in his strong, quiet, inexorable voice, " that Stepan Lanovitch knows now." Etta did not move. She was staring into the fire—staring—staring. Then she slowly fainted, rolling from the low chair to the fur hearthrug. Paul picked her up like a child, and carried 'her to thD bedroom, where the maids were waiting to dress her. *• Here," he said, " your mistress has fainted from the fatigue of the Jour • ney." And, with his practised medical know ledge, he himself tended her* CHAPTER XXV. OBterno. " Always gay : always gay !" laughed Stelnmetz, rubbing his broad hands to gether and looking down Into the face of Maggie, who was busy at the break fast table. 11 Yes," answered 'the girl, glancing towards Paul, leaning against the win dow reading his letters. "Yes, always gay. Why not ?" Karl Steinmetz saw the glance. It waa one of the little daily incidents that one sees and half forgets. He only half forgot it. " Why not, Indeed ?" he answered, " And you will be glad to hear that Ivan ovltch is as ready as yourself this morn ing to treat the matter as a joke. He is none the worse for his freezing and all the better for his experience. You have added another friend, my dear young lady, to a list which is, doubtless, a very long one." " He is a nice man," answered Maggie. "How is it," Bhe asked after a little pause, " that there are more men in the lower classes whom one can call nice than among their betters ?" Paul paused between two letters, hear ing the question. He looked up as if interested in the answer, but did not join in the conversation. " Because dealing with animals and with nature is more conducive to nice ness than too much trafficking with human beings," replied Steinmetz promptly. " I suppose that is it," said Maggie, lifting the teapot lid and looking in. " At all events, it is the sort of answer one might expect from you. You are always hard on human nature." " I take it as I find it," replied Stein metz, with a laugh, " but I do not worry about it like some people. Now, Paul would like to alter the course of the world." As he spoke he half turned towards Paul, as if suggesting that he should give an opinion, and this little action had the effect of putting a stop to the conversation. Maggie had plenty to say to Steinmetz, but towards Paul her men tal attitude was different. She was_pro bably unaware of this little fact. "There," she said, after a pause, "I have obeyed Etta's instructions. She does not want us to begin, I suppose ?" " No," replied Paul. " She will be down in a minute." " I hope the Princess is not overtired," said Steinmetz, with a certain formal politeness which seemed to accompany any mention of Etta's name. "Not at all, thank you," replied Etta * herself, coming into the room at that moment. She looked fresh and self confident. "On the contrary. I ?«* full of energy and eagerness to explorer- the castle. One naturally takes an interest in one's baronial halls." With this she walked slowly across to the window. She stood there looking out, and everyone in the room was watching' On looking for the first time on the same view a few moments earlier Maggie had uttered a little cry of surprise, and had then re mained silent. Etta looked out of the window and said nothing. It was a most singular outlook—weird, uncouth, prehistoric, as some parts of the earth still are. The castle was built on the edge of a perpendicular cliff. On this side it was impregnable. Any object dropped from the breakfast room win dow would fall a clear two hundred feet to the brawling Oster River. The rock was black, and shining like the topmost crags of an Alpine mountain where 1 snow and ice have polished the bare stone. Beyond and across the river lay the boundless steppe—a sheet of virgin snow. Etta stood looking over this to the far horizon, where the white snow and the gray sky softly merged into one. Her first remark was characteristic, as first and last remarks usually are. " And as far as you can see is yours ?" she asked. " Yes," answered Paul simply, with that calm which only comes with here ditary possession. The observation attracted Steinmetz's attention. He went to another window, and looked across the waste critically. " Four times as far as we can see Is his," he said. Etta looked out slowly and compre hensively, absorbing it all like a long sweet drink. There was no hereditary calmness in her sense of possession. " And where is Thors ?" she asked. Paul stretched out his arm, pointing with a lean, steady finger : " It lies out there," he answered. Another of the little incidents that are only half forgotten. Some of the per sons assembled in that room remem bered the pointing finger long afterwards. " It makes one feel very small," said Etta, turning to the breakfast-table— "at no time a pleasant sensation." " Do you know," she said, after a little pause, " I think it probable that I shall become very fond of Osterno, but 1 wish tt was nearer to civilisation." Paul looked pleased. Stefnmetz had a queer expression on his face. Maggie murmured something about one's sur roundings making but little difference to one's happiness, and the subject was wisely shelved. After breakfast Steinmetz withdrew. " Now,'-' said Paul, " shall I show you the old place, you and Maggie ?" Etta signified her readiness, but Maggie said that she had letters to write, that Etta could show her the castle another time, when the men were out shooting perhaps. " But," said Etta, " I shall do it horrl bly badly. They are not my ancestors, you know. I shall attach the stories to the wrong people, and locate the ghost in the wrong room. You will be wise to take Paul's guidance." " No, thank you," replied Maggie, quite firmly and frankly. " I feel inclined to write ; and the feeling is rare, so I must take advantage of it." The girl looked at her cousin with some thing in her honest blue eyes that almost amounted to wonder. Etta was always surprising her. There was a whole gamut of feeling, an octave of callow, half-formed girlish ln?lincta, of which Etta seemed to be deprived. If she had ever had them, no trace was left of their whilom presence. At first Maggie had flatly refused to come to Russia. When Paul pressed her to do so, she accepted with a eort of wonder. There was some thing which she did not understand. The sjame instinct made her refuse now to accompany Paul and Etta over their new home. Again Etta pressed her, showing her lack of some feeling which Maggie indefinitely knew she ought to have had. This time Paul made no sign. . He added no word to Etta's persuasions, but stood gravely looking at his wife. When the door had closed behind them, Maggie stood for some minutes by the window looking out over the snowclad plain, the rugged, broken rocks beneath her. Then she turned to the writing-table. She resolutely took pen and paper, but the least thing seemed to distract her attention—the coronet on the note-paper cost her five minutes of far-off reflection. She took up the pen again, and wrote " Dear Mother." The room grew darker. Maggie looked up. The snow had begun again. It was driving past the window with a silent, purposeful monotony. The girl drew the writing-case towards her. She examined the pen critically and dipped it into the ink. But she added nothing to the two words already written. The castle of OBterno is almost unique in the particular that one roof covers the ancient and the modern buildings. The .vast reception-rooms, worthy of the name of state-rooms, adjoin the small stone built apartments of the fortress which Paul's ancestors held against the Tartars. This grimmer side of the building Paul reserved to the last for reasons of his own, and Etta's manifest delight in the grandeur, of the more modern apartments fully rewarded him. Here, again, that aide of her character manifested itself which has already been shown. She was dazzled and exhilarated by the splendour of,it all, and the Immediate effect was a feeling of affection towards the man to whom this belonged, who was in act, if not in word, laying it at her feet. When they passed from the lofty rooms to the dimmer passages of the old castle Etta's spirits visibly dropped, her in terest slackened. He told her of trage dies enacted in bygone times—such an cient tales of violent death and broken hearts as attach themselves to gray stone walls and dungeon keeps. She only half listened, for her mind was busy with the splendours they had left behind, with the. purposes to which such splendours could be turned. And the sum. total of her thoughts was gratified vanity. Her bright presence awakened the gloom of ages within the dimly-lit his torical rooms. Her laugh sounded ptrangely light and frivolous and shallow in the silence of the ages which had brooded within these walls since the days of Tamerlane. It was perhaps the greatest tragedy of the Alexis family, this beautiful tragedy that walked by the Bide of Paul. " I am glad your grandfather brought French architects here and built the modern side," she said. " These rooms are, Sol course, very interesting, but gloomy—horribly gloomy, Paul. There is a smell of ghosta and dulness." " All the same, I like these rooms," answered Paul. " Steinmetz and I used to live entirely on this side of the house. This is the smoking-room. We shot those bears, and all the deer. That is a wolf's head. He killed a keeper be fore I finished him off." Etta" looked at her husband with a curious little smile. She sometimes felt proud of him, despite the ever-present knowledge that, Intellectually speaking, she was his superior. There was some thing .strong and simple and manly in a sort of medieval way that pleased her In this big husband of hers. "And how did you finish him off?" she asked. "I choked him. That bear knocked me down, but Bteirimetz shot him. We were four days out in the open ufier that oik. This is a lynx—a queer face rather like De Chauxville*; tho dogs killed him." " But why do you not paper the room," asked Etta, with a shiver, " instead of this gWray panelling ? It is so myste rious and creepy. Quite suggestive of secret passages." "There are no secret passages," answered Paul. " But there is a room behind here. This is the door. I will show it to you presently. I have things In there I want to show you. I keep all my medicines and appliances ?n there. It is our secret surgery and office. In that room the Charity League was or ganised." Etta turned away suddenly and went to the narrow window, where she sat on a low window-seat, looking down into the snow- clad depths. . "I.did not know you were a doctor," she said. " I doctor the peasants," replied Paul, "*' in a rough-and-ready way. I took my degree on purpose. But, of course, they do not know that it Is I; they think I am a doctor from Moscow. X put on an old coat, and wear a scarf, so that they cannot, see my face. I only go to them at night. It would never do for the Government to know that we attempt to do good to the peasants. We have to keep it a secret even from the people themselves. And they hate us. They groan and hoot when we drive through the village. But they never attempt to do us any harm; they are too much afraid of us." When Etta rose and came towards him her face was colourless. " Let me see this room," she said. He opened the door and followed her into the apartment, which has already been described. Here he told further somewhat bald details of the work he had attempted to do. It is to be feared that he made neither an interesting nor a romantic story of It. There were too many details—too much statistic, and no thrilling realism whatever. The expe riences of a youthful curate in Dcthnal Green would have made high tragedy be side the tale that this man told ills wite of the land upon which God had as suredly laid His curse—Aceldama, the field of blood. Etta listened, and, despite herself, she became interested. She was sitting in the chair usually.occupied by Steinmetz. There was a faint aroma of tobacco Fmoke. The atmosphere of the room was manly and energetic. • Paul showed her his simple stores of medicine—the old coat saturated with disinfectants which had become <he re cognised outward sign of the Moscow doctor. ..." "And do other people, other noblemen, try to do this sort ot thing, too ?" asked Etta at length. " Catrina Lanovitch does," replied Paul. " What ! The girl with the hair ?" " Yes," answered Paul. He hud never noticed Catrina's hair. Etta's ap praising eye had seen more in one second than Paul had perceived In twenty years. " Yes," he answered. " But, of course, she is handicapped." " By her appearance ?" "No ; by her circumstances. Her name is sufficient to handicap her every movement in this country- But «he does a great deal. She—she found me out, confound her !" Etta had risen ; she was looking curi ously at the cupboard where Paul's in fected clothes were hanging. He had forbidden her to go near it. She turned and looked at him. " Found you out ! How ?" she asked, with a queer smile. " Saw through my disguise." " Yes—she would do that!" said Etta aloud to herself. " What is this door ?" she asked, after a pause. " It leads to an Inner room," replied Paul, " where Steinmetz usually work*." He passed in front of her and opened the door. As he was doing so Etta went on in the train of her thoughts : " So Catrina knows." " Yes." " And no one else ?" Paul made no answer ; for be had passed on into the smuller room, where Steinmetz was seated at a writing-table. " Except, of course, Herr Steinmetz ?" Etta went on interrogatively. " Madame," said the German, looking up with his pleasant smile, "I know everything." And he went on writing. (To be continued.) 