THE FATAL NUMBER. I A Young man walked into the offic° of aa aristocratic hotel in an eastern city of several hundred thousand inhabitant s, and asked to be given a room for the night. He said his peoplu were oat t>f town and would not return until after midnight, and they-were not expecting to see faim until the next day. With this explanation he inscribed his name, Herbert Rawlins, on the register in a bold hand, offered a cigar to the clerk, and chaJfingly remarked that it was a little lonesome to be from home during the hollidays. Then he said good-night cheerily and followed the bell-boy, whistling as he, went, in a whimsica, merry way. The clerk observed that the new guest was young, well-dressed, and light-hearted. As he had no luggage lie paid in advance, according to case torn, for the night's lodging and breakfast, but said, on being asked when he should be called, that he would name no hoar, as he wished to sleep late, He carried a small satchel with him, and-held under -one arm a paper covered novel-these were his only belongings. It was afterwards known i that the satchel contained a change of linen, the fatal revolver, a set of toilet articles, and a solitary novel. After he entered me room and dis missed the boy -there was nothing heard from him for several hours. It was midnight when he registered, and it most have been well on to 3 o'clock in the morning when tine bull of the .room rang five strokes, which in that particular hotel meant stationery. A half-asleep bell-boy, who was on the night-watch, took payer, ink, and : pens to the room assigned to the young man, and, on knocking, at' the door,' was told to come in. He said afterward on being questioned, that he didn't notice anyt hing wrong about the young chap; he wa* sitting in-hie shirt sleeves: re-ading a novel and - smoking a cigarette. A package of cigarettes lay -on' the table. The bed was turned do *ii, but had not been slept in. This was the last time that Herbert Bawlins was seen alive. What he did after that-how -long he read and smoked with the placid contentment of a "1»" who has youth, health and happiness for his dower, there are none can tell. Only one sheet of note paper, and one envelope were missing -for the.-clerk had counted out a cer tain quantity as was his habit-and people steeping in adjioning rooms heard nb-jcall for help, no.cry of des pair. . When a chambermaid who did nofckaow that theroom was occupied tned the door,'it'opened to her hand and she saw him lying on the bed dressed, all excepting his coat, with a smile upon his set white face stone dead. Being a woman of a thousand, she did not shriek or alarm the guests, but with qaiet haste found the propie tor, who knew just what to do. It was 9 o'clock in the morning when the discovery was' made; at 10, the .dead "»»?*< was removed, the room was made up for another occupant, and it was not untii-they read about it in the newspapers that the guests of the i hotel knew that a tragedy had hap pened in their midst. j But to the family af Herbert flaw line, his widowed mother, bis brother and sisterj the-blow was one . from whiehthey felt that they could never recover. Mingled with their sorrow was'Ia keen and poignant curiosity to know the cause. What could hare driven their happy light-hearted ambitious Herbert to end his life with a revolver. ** They were a peculiar family, tak ingtheir peculiarities from their feth er'sside. He haa died peacefully in his bed, of some local fever, when his son Herbert was a mere lad. But he had notions, impressions, and theories that when ventilated made people re gard him as a crank. For instance, if anythmg of great importance happen ed, such as the death of a member of. the family at a distance, Mr. fiawlins knew it before a telegram or letter conveyed the information. 'Rachel had been here and. told me, it was his invariable answer, as he announced the news of comine disas ter. Hachel was a sister, who bad died iil earl y girlhood, - and with whose spirit Mr Rawlins beliered he had communication. This was one phrase of his character. Another was a violent antipathy to certain perfumes. A cat-becanse .it carries with it an odour o£ moBk-nearly made him frantic. He had vaq-ne impressions of impressions of danger coming to him through inanimate things. Certain numbers, especially the n*mber third teen, effected him ; unfavourably. H was influenced by superstitions that were strooger to him than spience These traits had .been intensified in other toembenof iiblamilyi and an older son, Arthur Rawlins, shared; them, often to his own discomfiture. The yonng man' Herbert, had en deavoured to castbfi theyeke, heredity is proof against all the con^uctaoDs of science, and-he too was strangely influenced by a sound, an odor, a combination oE figures, as if they possessed some occult pewer. This was why the first question that Arthur Rawlins asked when he called adb thkiiofcel to solve, if possible, the mystery of Herbert's death, was this: 'What was -tiie number. of tberoom in which my brother slept ?' 'No camber,' eaidthe clerklanguid ly, as if the subject bored him. ' Areaofc the other .roams in the house numbered ?' *Yes *admitted the clerk; that <rae. might have bees overlooked.' Something in the man's voice and maauer toii he was not speaking the wbolefcrath. For » momeiit Arthur then $l»! took out hie watch, 1 'At what boor did my brother come here ?' he inqoiwd. This question had been asked and aaswered many times daring the few sad days which had intervened, bat the clerk replied in the perfunctory way of one accustomed to questions: 'At 12.30 a.m.' 'Is the room he took occupied to night V 'It is not' 'I hare a fancy for sleeping there. Yeu cau put my name dosva for it to night; take the price out of that, and he laid a bill on the counter. So at 12.30, the time to the exact moment when poor Herbert Rawlins had gone to his last rest, his brother Arthur followed the same bell-boy to the identical room. As the boy turned to leave, Arthur said sharply: 'Wait a moment. I have some questions I want to ask. It was you who showed my brother to this room on the night when-when he met with the-accident,' * Yes, sir.' * fie was reading a book ?' 'Yes, sir.' 'That book was not found among his effects. No one baa Been it since his death What became of it1-?' ' £ don't know, sir! Honor bright, sir, I never seen it since.' 'Would yon know it if yon ever saw it again?' 'Yes, air. It had a red stripe 'crost the cover. .. I see him readin* it, bnt I ain't never seen it since,' ' That will do.' The boy went away in haste, and Arthur Rawlins closed and locked his door, and turning on all the light within reach, be began a careful inspection of the room in which liis young brother had taken the life he .had every reason to guard and cherish. There was. nothing In the least .unusual or forbidding in -the room itself, or in its farmshingB, which were of a superior order; nothing save a tone of depression, as if the atmos phere were exhausted. Arthur opened the window for a breath of fresh air, hut the cold chilled him and be elosedit again. " ' He died here,' said the poor fellow throwii^ himself into a chair; 'he perhaps sat at this same table, and in this very chair. What drove him to do such an insane deed P He knew we did not expect home so soon, but when wonld he have missed a loving welcome ? Oh, if the spirit of the , dead can corns back, return, brother and tell UB why yon so cruelly left { UB ?' There was a sigh-or at least in Arthur's excited condition be. eon strned it as such-bat no othe answer came to his frienzied appeal* He jumped up and began a honied ! circuit of me room, conscious all the time of that terrible depression which had seized him when he first entered | it, and which seemed to increase withi every moment passed there. Bat was it surprising, for strong man that { he was, he felt the unequal power of this combat between life and death. And such a death ! Arthur looked i at the narrow, white bed, now as chill and smooth as if it had never been disturbed, and racked his brain with vain imagiogs of his brother's last hoars there. Had he suffered long ? Had he called for help when none had heard Then the chambermaid who had cried bitterly when she told the story before the coraner came in. 'Oh, sir,' she said to Arthur, 'if no one else cried for him I did, so young aud pleasant looking, it broke my heart to see him, and to think of his mother/ There bad been plenty of tears shed for his sadden and awful taking off they were 6hedding them still, and wonld be for many a year to come. For besides his mother and the family there was a nearer and dearer one, the playmate of his childhood-his promised wife, who because of their youth had not the light of betrothal to mourn for him save in her heart when alone. Again sitting in the ominous gloom which had enveloped him upon first entering, Arthur Bawling felt it grow ing more dense and terrible, and as he tried in vain to throw it off, he became conscious that he was no longer, alone. Some one was in the room with him-a woman stood be tween him and the window. TTir first thought was ot the chamber-maid who had pitied him, and wept for his young brother, bat this was a woman of a different sort young, but with, a chastened and ele vated expression npon her delicate and refined features, and dressed like one w"ho had stepped out of a picture As Arthur looked at her, too sur prised to speak, another suggestion entered -bis mind, and, strange to say, caused him no throb of fear. He realized by some intuitive process that she was not of this frodd.-that' she was indeed that Aunt Sachel of whom he bad heard snch yivid des criptions and who had died before was bom. I know how hard it is to believe in any supernatural presence, and will admit that it is quite possible that Arthur Rawlins fell asleep, and dreamed this, but sceptical as I am myself, I do not believe that be beUered he saw her in Ms waiting mood. The ghost, or vision, did not speak to bim, but regarding him jnournfully, and then motioning with, extended wans inward the table, at which he sat, vanished slowly into thin air. But something in the motion,jgag geated anew rein of thought What did. efe wanthimjto know ? There ?was gome telepathic message con veyed' to him by the gesture, and Arthur began a careful examination of the table, and on a ledge in the -nndear code he found a book. It was the novel his brother had j been reading on the night of his death. He knew it by the description, by the red barjoniibBWtver, Here then might be something to throw -ligbijapon that dark «vent. Morbid UjserAtiire had often, been re sponsihte foc crimes-it might have incited this one, lie opened the book and a tetter .fell' into his hands. It was sealed atid addressed to himself. He broke it, open with, .trembling haste/andreadwith tear-blurred eyes the brief contents: - "Dears .brother-Tfl^hen you.read this I stall have passed beyond the watching and the wneping, and your dear heart will be broken with sorrow for the boy you loved. Don't sorrow I for me, Artie. I cannot tell yon why £ am doing this or what gives me such an insane impulse to take my own life Break the news tenderly to our dear mother, and tell Flora good-bye. Tou all have been goodness itself to me. I have never been unhappy in my life. Butl must die, Arthur, £ am no longer a free agent, God bless you all and forgive me. Tour brother HERBERT," The effect this letter had on Arthur Rawlins was most remarkable. He regarded it with absolute terror, and looked about the room as if trying to escape from, some incubus that weigh ing him down. Then he re-read it, bnt the mystery was deepened, and not dispelled' He. sat a long time cowering as if in few, then rushed to the bell, and gave it one quick ring. It was answered immediately. .. . 'Take this to the office of Dr Depuy. Ring him up, and wait for tlie pre scription-and hurry back with:t.' He had pencilled some lines on leaf torn from a notebook. The boy took the scap of paper, and hurriedoff. Daring his absence Arthur wrote afew lines, which he added to his brother's letter. Then he fastened both to the iappel of his coat. j The boy borught back a small pack age which contained some medicine, a glisening white powder, which looked harmless in its virgin whiteness. 'It is enough to kill a dozen men. Depuy trusted me. He will be sorry; but it will be too late.' He closed the door, but did not lock it. 'This, then, will clcar up all myster ies. 1 shall know why Herbert went, and why I am'compelled to follow him. It is not my work, but--it is fate!' , He dropped the white, flaky pow dor into a tumbler, poured some water from the ewer on the toilet stand npon it, shook the mixture to dissolve the particles and drank t off at a draught What h$ did not notice was the milky, luminous color of the draft which to a practised eye would have told its own story. ' Wake up man, wake np, You've never been in bed at all, and it's nearly the middle of the day.' The voice sounded to Arthur Raw lins' dulled ears a long away off. There was a singing in his head, which felt twice as large as usual. ' Then I ac not dead-this is not the other world ?' 'Not much! We don't want any more of that hoodoo work round here. Oome, now, it's best for yon to be moving, seeing you're all right and have given me a nice turn as it is.' It was the day clerk of the house who was talking to him, and helping him on with his coat, harrying him off in a huBtly sort of way, He began to remember where he was. 'Depuy played a trick on me-but I am glad now that he did,' he thought that was quinine he sent on my order' for morphine,' Then he added aloud. 'Let me get ont of this accursed room I believe it was responsible for my poor brother's death. There is some fatal influence about it that works like madness in the brain.' The room is all right,' answered tile olerk, bnt at that moment Bawling, who had stepped outside, uttered a! loud exclamation. : 'I thought you told me it bad no1 number?' he said pointing with np lifted arm to the five-paneled door, The clerk stammered, and then kept silence, warned by a look on the face of the other man that he dared ^ net ignore. For there, in figures that) stood out in angry defiance of a recent coat of paint-Bawlins read the con firmation of all his fears. It was the number fatal to every member of his family--the dreaded number THIRTEEN. | 