CONFERENCE AT COOCEE— THE SECOND COMING OF CHRIST. A large number of persons were present at the conference on "Tho Second Coming of Christ," in Mr. Starkey's grounds, at Coogee. Amongst the clergy present were the Revs. Mervyn Archdall, J. Glllctt, H. Trickett, T. Jeukyns, J. Read, Dr. Porter, T. S. Forsailh, and H. Clark. The Rev. II. Trickett, the opening speaker, dealt with the way in which the Church had for a long time practically lost sight of the truth that the Lord Jesus Christ might, In his own person, come that day, or any day, and take His own people up to Himself. This was the great and blessed hope of every believer, and ought to have a most practi cal effect upon the life, in separating those who called themselves Christians from all that was of this world. The writers of the New Testament, liviug in the fulness of tho Holy Ghost, were constantly watch ing and waiting expectantly for Christ, and now at this time, centuries having elapsed, we were actually in the last days, and everything around us pointed to the fact that the coming of the Lord Jesus was drawing near indeed. The Rev. J. W. Gillett spoke on the Four Judgments de scribed in order iu the Scriptures — First, the judgment that fell on Christ for our sins, when He bore our sins in His own body; secondly, the judgment seat of Cbrist (2 Cor. v. 10), which would only take place after every believer in Him had already been changed into His image, and had already received His spiritual and glorified body. The third was the judgment of the living nations, as nations, described in Matthew xxv., 32 to the end. The fourth and last judgment was the judgment of the Great White Throne. No believer in Christ would stand there, but only the already condemned unbelieving dead. Certainly there were two resurrections — the first, of the believers; and long after that tho second resurrection, of the unbelievers. The Rev. Dr. Porter gave a stirring ad dress. Ho dealt with the coming of Christ from two standpoints — 1. Iu humiliation (Isaiah liii.). 2. The coming in power (Isaiah xl. 4). In His first advent Christ came in swaddling clothes; in His second He would come in power and great glory (Matthew xxlv. 30). The Jews had stumbled over the coming in humiliation, : anil some Christians now seemed to stumble over His coming in glory; but the latter was just as much a personal coming as the first had been. In His own person of flesh and bones (Luke xxiv. 39) Christ was coming, and coming quickly. The Rev. Thomas Jenkyns spoke of the joy of the lifo that was lived looking every hour for tho sight of the face of Jesus. The Rev. T. S. Forsaith, who looked very venerable in his skull cap and white Ilowiug beard, said it was a glad sight to see so many hundreds gathered to rejoice together iu this blessed hope, which bad been so dear to him. lie spoke on tho words, "He that hath this hope set on Him, purifleth Himself even a3 He is pure" (I. John ill. 2). There was so much nowadays of those who had the form of godliness but denied the power thereof (IT. Tim. Hi. 5). There was so much ritualism, mere formality, and super stitious observance, so trwuch of a 'Worldly religiousness, which was external, and not a real matter of heart and life. That was just what St. Paul told all to look for In tho "last dayB." Many others also spoke, and, notwithstanding a drizzling rain, the intent Interest evinced seemed to hold the people. Finally, a move was made to the Coogee Gospel Mission-hall, where the meeting was carried on some time longer. There was an air of thoroughgoing gladness through the crowd from beginning to end, and certainly "the blessed hope," as they termed Jt, seemed to be a good medicine. Tho conference was a success from every point of view. 