VICTORIAN ITEMS, Three of the quartet of children given birth to by Mrs. Renkin, of Bald Hills- road, Creswick, recently, have . since died, "and the only surviving child is very weak. Some of the members of the Miners' Association, of which Mr, Rankin is a member, intend making him a suitable presentation, and with that object lists have been going round. A young man named Albert Arthur Lanning has been tried before Mr. Justice Hodges in the Criminal Court for the manslaughter of his uncle, Thomas Watkins, at Lilydale, on June 10. The evidence against the prisoner consisted mainly of a statement by hisself that he and his uncle were employed 61 the same farm, that Walking, after behaving in a churlish manner, attacked him with a bucket and a milking stool. Lanning used his stool in self defence, and gave Watkins a blow on the head. Some idiotic individual has been playing the ghost in the Essendon district, and the apparition is causing nearly as much alarm as the Warrnambool fire- tiend. He has a skull and crossbones emblazoned in phosphorous on a white ground, and this is exhibited in lonely places to old people and children. All sorts of traps have been set for him, but he has succeeded including the vigilance of his would-be captor, and one or two who have essayed to tackle him single-handed have had rather a bad time of it. A vigorous effort is to be made by the Labour Party to secure representation in the Municipal Councils, as it is recognised that it is only by this means is there a chance of a minimum rate of wage being obtained. It is even contemplated to attempt to capture the seat in the City Council vacated by Alderman Stewart. Mr. Barrett, secretary of the Trades'-hall, is mentioned as a likely candidate. The revenue for June shows a remarkable falling off. In May there was an increase in every week, and the same gratifying state of affairs characterised the first week of June ; but since then there has been a very marked decline. In the week before last there was a deficiency of £2,000 as compared with the same week of last year, and for the week ending J uue 22 the falling off amounted to the large sum of £18,000, making £20,000 in a fortnight. The depreciation last week was largely in customs, which were £10,000 less, under the heading of miscellaneous the revenue was £500 to the bad, and the balance was spread over other items. Mr. Turner it not depressed by the declining revenue. The works in connection with the present contract for the building of St. Patrick's Cathedral are now being brought to a close, and the architect's final certificate will be presently issued to the contractor. This certificate will be for £9.00, but as a fact the Building Committee has only £4,500 in hand, so that when this amount is paid to the contractor another sum of £4,500 will remain due. The whole of the more work, roof and windows of the cathedral is now absolutely complete, except the ornamental portions, that is to say, the great central tower and spire, the western tower and the spire of the bell tower. It has been decided that the new portion of the edifice -the transepts, sanctuary, and chapels will be lighted by electricity. Mr. Henry Gyles Turner, the general manager of the Commercial Bank, has given evidence before the Banking Commission. He stated that the banks did not make any profit out of the note issue, as they had to pay a tax of 2 per cent, to the Government on the value of the issue, and it cost another 1 per cent, in clerical work in connection with the issuing of new notes and destroying old ones. The banks, he thought, would not object to give up the issue of notes, seeing that they cost 3 per cent., and that money could now be obtained at that rate. At the present time he did not believe his bank got much, if any, profit from its current accounts, because so much coin had to be kept in hand to meet demands on these accounts. The value of exports to England was not sufficient to pay interest on the loans obtained there by the Government, various institutions and traits in the colony, and gold had therefore to be exported. The shipments of gold were not like r/to prove a strain on the resources of the financial institutions. There was quite enough gold in the banks to meet their own requirements. It was cheaper in the and for farmers to borrow money from the banks at a higher, rate than some persons were offering to make advances at, as the charges in connection with a mortgage to a private person were generally high, A Metal King-st. B. I. Barnato, the member of the Cape Legislature who was entertained in London recently by a room Easy over which the Lord Mayor presided, ? i known as the African Metal King. The story of his success reads like a romance. Twenty years ago, so the tradition runs, he was down in a small circus, the performers besides himself being the manager and the manager's wife and two trained mules. The circus did poor business, and one morning the director and directress fled, leaving the clown with two males and 30, in his pocket. What could Mr. Barnato do with the mules at Kimberley but go out riding, and that was what he did. During one of his rides in the outskirts of Kimberley be found in the fields traces of diamonds. He took some stones, showed them to a miner, and enter- ing into partnership with him, went to sell them in the town. Then, without divulging his discovery, he bought the field, and alterwards other fields, and found himself a land owner. These fields, which brought him an immense fortune, are now the scene of the famous De Beers mines. When the first gold mines were started at Johannesburg Mr. Barnato was early on the scene there, and bought up land as he had done at Kimberley, and with almost equal mine. Every year their mines yielded £13,000,000 in gold and diamonds i 