: A GHOST AT GLENBLG. Nightly Manifestations. Crowds of Interested Spectators. .The recent teachings of leaders of the theosophio cult or their natural super, st jtious seem to have aroused in the minds of some of the residents of Glenelg the old- fashioned belief iu the cxistence of ghosts. While some nervous individuals have been sadly terrified, by-a mysterious light appear ing through' a window in au empty house not far from Jetty-road, the " manifesta tion" has provided a big "draw" from a spectaouiar point of view (says the South Australiau ADyzitTlSHii). Every evening for tho past fortnight50 or more people have assembled in the hope or aroad of seeing "spirits." In fact no concert or church gathering had a chance against the "super natural show," There seems, however, to be some unbelievers at tho Bay. A "Resi dent " wroto under the date of Juuo lo : — "There eeeme to ba a great deal of talk going - round this seaside township "about a supernatural light appoariug. iu a certain window of an unoccupied bouse after dark. I have seen tbe light and come to the oonolusion that it is a reflection from one of tbe adjacent houses, or else someone playiug a joke. I think this sort of thing ought to be looked into, as it is frightening ladies who have to pass by this spot after dark." Tho ghost, however, seems to have boen satis factorily laid, . "Things were getting rather excitibg," writes oar Gienolg correspondent, " when a gallant oivil sorvanr, dosplto tho chtroaties- of his friends to be careful, approached the- window, throw it open, and . plunged into tho mysterious chamber. In a'trqation of a second about 40 pairs of eyes wore peering in at the window eager to witness the fate of the investigator. But like.tbo : ' will-o'-the- wisp ' tho ghost had vanished. . It was rather hard after this that the finale should have been most prosaic. A well-known Hiudley-strect clothier placed au ovorcoat over a gas lamp whieh shad its rays from a distance of about 200 yards aud— exebat ghost. This gentle, man has discovered a simplo but attentive .method of raising ghosts," 