1HE BAUBLE SHOP, Municipal petitions against the land tax poured in upon the Assembly yesterday thick as autumnal loaves in Vallambrosa. According to appearances by the time the land taxation proposals of this Government go up to tho Legislative Council almost every municipality of the colony will have adopted this form of protesting against the doublobanksd land taxation meditated against them. The Hon. Joe Cook is accustomed to find himself with strange bedfellows. Of late he led. a deputation of distressed iron workers to ono of his colleagues on a vain quest for employment. Latf night it fell to his lot to present n petition from the mu nicipality of Kataomba aguf.st tho iana tax proposals of tbe Government of which he is a member. But Mr. Cook and consistency do not now foregather. Nobody has ever yet quite done justice to Mr. Afileck's notable personality. His dis tinctive charm is his voice, which ho gene rally uses in asking a protracted list of questions. Surely Mr. Affleck must feed on iily-bulbs. His drink, Aqua Rogia, or the rosO'Scentcd dew of moonlit midnights. When he speaks the dreamy cadences of his toens transport hie listeners to far-off beautiful scenes of eld and nobody pa>-9 any attention to what the member for Yass Blaine says, being lost in rapture at hie way of saying it. For this reason Mr. Affleck often goes unreported whero less gifted speakers have whole paragraphs accorded them. But his activity in questioning Ministers is, doubtless, duly noted by his constituents. Tho extraordinary powors granted to the Sydney Harbor Colliery Co. formed the sub ject of the inevitable motion of adjournment yesterday afternoon. An area of six and a quarter acreB of land, forming part of the military reserve at Bradley's Head, has been leased to the company, mainly, it appears, on tho authority of Major-Geucral Hutton. At atiyrato the application was referred to the Commanding-officer to know if the lease would interfero with military requirements. The Major-General had no objection to offer, and. " tbe department" granted the lease at a nominal rent. The same company has. applied for the foreshores at Creinorne, but on the authority of Mr. Rcia it was stated that this application lias not yet boon Bottled. Tho debate will be found inter esting ana instructive reading. The mover of the motion, Mr. E. M. Clark, related an anecdote indicating that be or somebody else might bavo made £6000. Mr. Sydney Smith appeared uneasy. He endeavored to lead the House to believe that tho previous Ministry had somo share of responsibility in granting the lease, and in this ho was helped along by tho Premier. Tho labor members assaulted the trans action heavily, particularly the New castle representatives, who spoke iu the interest!) of the Newcastle collieries. Their anxiety to frown down the proposed coal mine can be understood, but to impar tial observers it appears snperflumif. New castle has nothing to fear from a coal seam 3000ft. undor tho surface of Sydnoy har bor. Tho motion of adjournment was not unnecessary. But for this ventilation of tho ques.ion the Raid Government would probably hare granted the requited lease of our foreshores «b thov granted tho lease at Bradley's Head. Moreover, it brought into prominence a manor which cannot be made too prominent ; that is the enormous beaocratio powers wielded by "the depart- ments." During the debate the Hoase showed a marked determination to wring from Minit- tora a, promise that no furthor stops would be taken toalieriatoany land about Sydney Har bor for coalmining or other purposes. This the Minister for Lands promised, although in face of ttfc fact that bo has already granted the lease of 6i acres at Bradley's Head hit position is Bumowbat difficult. - The member for Coonamblo was responsible for this pro. tnise. But after. Mr. Farneil had felt tbe pulse of Government Buppartars Mr. Reid displayed unexpectod valor, deolaring that in face of the legal obligations incurred by the Government, and in epite of Mr. Macdanald's threatened boBtile vote, he would not undertake to say' that "no further stops would be taken in the matter," although he was careful to point ont tbat he would endeavor to prevent tho fulfilment of tbe lease given by Mr. Carrnthera to the coal-ininiug syndicate, . All ibroagh the debate the Minister for Lands for some reason appeared mnch per tarbed. Mr. Haynes once more repeated hit sonsational statement that £1000 worth of shares had been offered for his support by a representative of the iuloreBted syndioate, Tho member for Wellington is apparently as far from impressing the House as in his early politioal days. As a serious politician it is to be feared that ho remains impossible, Tbe Government ioand an unexpected fiiena in Mr. Crick, who made light of the whole business. He declined to believe that the Minister for Lands had acted corruptly in granting the syndicate an opportunity of spending £5U0,UU0, particularly when the license to mine granted by thn Government may at any time be cancelled by tbo eamo power. Tho expenditure of the £600,000 would give work to numbers of unemployed, and Mr. Crick considered it a ourious cir cumstance that every proposal of private capital to provide .employment ehonla " be Bcotched by labor representatives." Thospeec'n of tbe member for West Macqnarie palpably relieved the somewhat glum row of Minio- torial faces, and certainly deprived tho situation of much of its seriousness. Daring the discussion some labor members made it quite clear that though they agree that coal is a good thing, it is a goud thing of whicn there may bo too much, in connection with which it ib not irrelevant to recall tbat thu English socialists advocate tho suppression of steam power and resort to water power. Aud this is progress 1 It was 9.30 before the motion for adjourn- mont was disposed of and the House got at the taxation bills. Before allowing tbe House to go into com mittee the Speaker pointed out with great solemnity, that a report of proceedings of tbe Elections and Qualifications Committeo had been communicated to the press before it had been reported to tho House itBclf, Several members of the committeo aroso and exculpated themselves from the impiiedtrans- gression. Mr. Crick, however, finally and with considerable unconcern, announced himself as tho channel through which tho information flawed to tbe press. Evidently what Mr, Speaker regarded as a serious matter tho member for West Macquaric re garded as a trifle. The Speakar also an nounced that the ancient privileges of Para liament had been rudely trampled upon by a bailiff, who had that day served one of the members with a summons within the prceincts of the Bouse. Tho Spoaker intimated that this would not occur again. Sir Joseph is pathetically in earnest concerning the dignity of a House which every now and then in tbo person of a couple of its membors rolls about the . floor all blood, ciaws and electric language. The committee then worried the first few clauses of part 1 of the Land Tax Bill. This part is merely machi nery, and includes no question of principle. There was considerable difference of opinion concerning tho number of commis> sioners. The Government warned three, and Mr. Reid explained that it would be no more expensive to have three than one, bocanss he could get two of the three to give their services for nothing. This is ono of tbe small economies in.whlch he revels. The two cheap commissioners ho has in view are, however, aminent civil servants, already in cnarge of great depart ments. Mr. Crick pertinently inquired whether thcBe departments did not already fuiiy occupy the time of Mr, Reid'a proposed gratuitous commissioners. Mr. M'Elbons, born iconoclast that he is, dis- Bouted from the time-honored proverb that three heads arc better than one, "That might be applied to sheep's heads if a follow was hungry. Tho Government won by six votes. As soon as the Premier moved the ad journment Mr, Lyne asked about Mr. Eddy. Ail night long a cloud had been over the Ministerial benches consequent upon a report from Melbourne that Mr. Eddy had Btatfd there that he held a signed agreement with the Premier giving him a salary of £4000 por annum. Also on tho Estimates in special appropriations there is a sum of " £7000, Railway Commis sioners." Did this include the extra £1000 claimed by Mr. Eddy? Tho Premier a (looted ignorance concern ing - both matters. He admittod that be had not seen the item of £7000 in tho Special Appropriations. Yal this is the inan who is grandiloquently describe! as "Czuroftbe Treasury." On Disown estimatee there is a proposal for a grout of £7000 wniah he admits that he has not even seen. So much for the ceaseless scrutiny Mr. Reid is supposed to give to expendi ture. Certainly it Mr. Eddy has the signed agreement in question Mr. Reid's dirge is as good as chanted. Tnis matter may be ex pected to develop rapidly. Is may be that the three dark women spinning the web of fate may not allow Mr. Reid to get on with his doiiberatcly calcu lated constitutional fight with tho Council. Ho tuny becaiied upon to give up the ghost on some night when a discussion as yet nn- droamt of—the bolt from the blue — may spring up vitally affecting the fortunes of hie Government. The labor members show continue! contempt for him ; in his sincerity they have no belief. When thoy have finished squeezing him they will throw him away like a sucked orange. 