AMONGST-G-RHURGHES. V th AT.. TE .CONGREGATIONANL th A SERIES OF DISCOURSES BY O0 _ c.REV~tE.'IANDEALJONES. t in RELIGIOUS BIGOTRY. tr A BARRIER TO THE UNION OF a SCHRISTENDOM. tc No. 2.' WE have thus far endeavored to show that o0 religious bigotry is wrong in assuming, 01 " that the power and privilege of doing good w are confined to its own religious community, and therefore, "should be refrained from, it and discharged by all christian communities." ' 2\. It is wron in its views of spiritual relation t ship. -(1). t mistakes the material for the 1 spiritual Its cry ever is, "He followeth f not with us." A mere physical relationship i this, as it proved to be in the gospel narra- a tiveLuko ix. 49-50. The cry, philosophically, c means really nothing more to- day. It is a cry of outward conformity, to all intents i and purposes. Hence religious bigotry practically limits the sphere of usefulness. Its policy is-" None that followeth not I with us must cast out devils." What l presumption! The sphere of labour isnot " our sect," " our body," "our denomina- I sion." It is synonymous with opportunity for usefulness, which'may be world-wide. The Siviour taught that the fieldof enter prise was not " my parish," but the world. SGo ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature," or, " to the whole creation;, according to the new. version. Spiritual relationship, according to, New Testament teaching, is not a relationship of externals, such as church policy, and I organisation, and ritual as -Dr. Carr, and 0 Canon Potter imply. It is a relationship; I her, founded on spiritual affinities, vital pathies,'love, faith, hope-arising out of a living union with the personal Clirit,'and sustained by the indwelling of the Holy Spirit, the common privilege, and blessed experience of the regenerate-the children of God, by faith in the Lord Jesus, found in all christian communities, and in not a few Scases-outside them all. (2). It mistakes uniformity for unity. There may be external conformity in the absence of inward unity. The established church of to-day affords conclusive evidence of this, and is, in itself, a fine satire on its much boasted unity. Where is the union, one is curious to know, between the rationalist in a Bishop Colenso, and the orthodox divine in Bishop Ryle ? Unity forsooth ! Where, I ask, is the unity between the broad minded prelate in Dr. Temple, and the narrow minded prelate in Dr. Words worth ? Unity ! between a Canon Girdlestone and a Machonichie, who was engaged for years, in the hononrable pursuit of dodging Lord Penzance, breaking the law of the land, and last;'blt'not least, receiving protestant pay for the work of destroying protestant faith ! The: existence within the establish ment of "The Church Union," and "The Church Defence Association," comprehend in g "High Church," " Low Church," and "Broad Church," renders union absolutely impossible, and shows clearly that uniformity and unity are terms, by no means synony mous. I venture to assert, without fear of contradiction that there exists among the various sections of Free churches more real, fundamental' uniod, in the scriptural sense, which is all I contend for, without the inestimable? boon of an Act of Uniformity, than exists in Episcopacy with one. 3\. Religious bigotry is wrong in its estimate of the religlous differences in Christendom. It regards these dlifferences as necessarily eretic, and schismatic, and vainly supposes all can be of one mind in matters religious. There is a sense and a degree in which we must. Certain truths require unanimity of sentiment, and belief to make christianity at all possible, not to say rational. Among these may be mentioned the existence of God, the deity and humanity of Christ, the atone moent, the personality and agency of the Holy Ghost, future retribution of the imnpenitent--of what nature orin what degree God only knows. There is a sense,however, in which we cannot be of the same mind,and assuming its possibility it were hardly desir able we should be. It is comparatively of little moment what form the spirit uses in worship so that it does worship .and realises I fellowship with the Object of worship. s Variety of religious forms may, possibly, constitute its charnh, as in Nature. While the fundamentalrinciples of Nature pression ever vary," 'renewing the face of e the earth." Nature has no love for mono tony, It revels in variation. Imagine one chord only in music! One interpreter only of music ! One color merely in the rainbow ! 5 And only one kind of flower, instead of the I endless variety we now have ! What a pain f ful sameness would present itself ! How Nature scorns an Act of Uniformity, sub s stituting dull monotony for the beauty of variation, which is her charm and her glory. a But the proposal to act on this principle t religiously is no less grotesque, since it is op posed alike to analogy in nature, and the mental constitution of man. " Force," it has , been well said, "may possibly thrust men into one place, but into one mind, never." Sior-'(l Thoi canst not shape another's mind to suit thine own body," The mind of humanity should be a faithful mirror of His Swho framed it. The poet describes the mind r of Diety as " One: in moral, but infinitely n multiplied in means." "Intellectual capacity is as varied as God's other gifts, and there are as many minds as souls in the world, As a regsonable to force all nliqds to your classics a and mathematics as to force all sails to your I grass and cover." We have thus far en deavored to show that relisious bigotry is contrary to the spirit and genius - of Christianity, being wrong (1` in assuming thatthe powver and privilege of doing good are confined to our own community. Wrong (2)1 in its views of spiritual relationship. Wrong (3) in its estimate of the religious differences in Christendom, and therefore should be discouraged and suppressed by r every Christian community. . I1, Another reason, weighty in its Sautlhority, and iqgluence, why the spirit of intolerance and bigotry should lie suppressed is because Christ Himself condemned it. A reason this sufficient, one would think, to comnmend itselt to all bearing His sacred name. For we dare not approve what the Master forbids. We ask thoopinion of no chairman of a Congregational Union. We ask the opinion of no president of a Methodist Conference, nor Moderator of a Presbyterian Synod. We ask the opinion of go Bishop or Archbishop on the Episcopal bench, nor even of the Pope at the Vatican. Nor shall we consult him who has played so strange and interesting a part in the drama of ecclesiastical life, now a loiv and now a hdig churchman, now a liberationist pleading for disestablishment, now an erastian regarding Ia state church as vital to the interests of Christianity. I refer to that outspoken and fearless Ecolesiastio-the Venerable Arch deacon Denison. We consult none of these dignitaries, with all due respect for them." I We refer to a higher tribunal,even to Christ, our fstl, our fast, our only appeal. The Saviour rebuked his disciples who, moved by the spirit of intoleranoe, had checked noble ufforts made by one who ' followed not with them. " Master we saw ! one casting out devils in Thy name ; and we forbad him, because he followed not with us." And Jesus said, " Forbid him not, for lie that is not against us is tor'us.". " There is no man which shall do a miracle in My name that can lightly speak evil of me." Christ condemns narrowness in his disciples, and would fain have them rejoice in the good done for its own sake, by whomsoever wrought. We have in Moses a noble illus tration of this. There were two men, Eldad and Medad, on whom God had poured his I spirit. But they prophesied in the camp. I Shocked at their proceedings, which ap- I peared so irregular, a young man quickly I acquaints Moses with the tidings. Joshua, who is within hearing, is indignant, and implores Moses to forbid them. Now mark 1 the reply of Moses.-" Enviest thou for my sake ? Would God that all the Lord's 1 people were prophets, and that he would put his spirit upon them." (Num. xi.26.29) I Agrandtriumph this of the ,nan over the i partisan. The Apostle Paul reached this standard I of Cathohlcity which breathes throughout his epistles. i say reached it, for time was when he was a bigot of bigots. A prince among them. The difference between Saul i and Paul is the difference between being religious merely and being christian. Saul had been always religious-as the generality I of men have ever been. To the Apostle it was enough that Christ was preached. I "Notwithstanding every way, whether in pretence or truth, Christ is preached, and I therein do rejoice, yea and will rejoice." Observe, itls no question of toleration with I the Apostle-but rather a frank and hearty recognition on his part of Christ being preached by those other than himself. From thlis we learn, 1.-That nomanor body of men [ has a right to prevent another-ordained or unordained-or in any way hinder another's usefulness. "Forbid him not" is an in. junction at once Divine and authorative, suggesting that it is at great peril .that we impair the usefulness of another.. 2-That among Christ's devoted workers are found those who are outside the pale of every Christian community. The man who was the object of the disciples' jealousy, had no outward connection whatever with Christ, but on the contrary was actually outside the circle of his recognised Apostles. And yet in his heart was beating the spirit of the true philanthropist, seeking to promote the wellbeing of his fellow creatures. And thus a type of thousands, hi all ages, there was a link of devotion, of affection, uniting him to Christ, which the Saviour graciously and readily acknowledged. 3.-That the greatest obstacles which impede the progress of truth are found sometimes in the persons of its own professed advocates. The diciples were chosen by Christ for the purpose of spreading his truth, yet they would, arrest its progress, because one, other than them selves, was similarly employed. "Master" they cry " we saw one casting out devils in Thy name, and we forbad him, because hl followed not with us." So it is to day. It is inside not outside the churches that the gospel has the greatest hindrance. Narrow contractionis-bigotries are devils that need casting out. 4. That the unity Jesus enjoins is a unity of spirit,of purpose, of aim. Unity in nmanifoldness, rather than uniformity in sameness. " Whereby," asks the large hearted Robertson of Brighton, Anglician clergyman, that prince among preachers, "would you produce unity ? Would you force on the churches our Anglicanism ? Would you have our 39 Articles, our creeds, our prayers, our rules and regulations ac cepited by every church throughout the world ? You cannotproduce unity by all the rigourofyour cclesiastical discipline. You cannot produce a unity by Parliamentary regulations or enactments. - Give us the spirit of God and we shall be one." So we f say. This is the only true unity. Unity of I heart. Unity of soul. It is this, and not I uniformity, which is impossible, that Jesus urges on his followers. -- The Poet well de 1 scribes it, f "SWote berres ensssige . e tjmo twins upon00 osstm. . Nodrep is the oeaswo n, pelble on the beach, - NoIoarin sthe Ionst hath its countcrpOt,. SNo mind in its dwelling of mortality No spirit in the d worldunsaeui n And therefore, since capacity and essence n differ alike with accident, none but a bigot w partician will hope for impossible unity-i.e. uniformity. 