HUMILIATION AKBFBAYS3. FOE RAIN. 9 This was tbe subject of the Rev. J. Abemetby's sermon in the Presbyterian Church on Sunday morniug last. He read his test from the words of Christ in Mat! lew sviii, 19. The preacher, iu a brief introduction, showed the necessity for humiliation and prayer, the reports from all the agricularal centres were sad and gloomy. He had had an opportnaity of conversing iu the past few days with clergymen from all parts of the colony, aud the accounts from every quarter were alarming. The wheat- fields in the Goal burn Valley were in some instances being ploughed down by their owners, as not likely to be worth the reapics. In the Mallee, usually excellent wheat-growias land, the crop was this year stunted and blighted and not likely io yield more than t'jrae or four basha's to the acre. Town and country are mutually dependent. A blighted crop and unprofitable harvest implies a dcat loaf. Another industry was ssriously threatened- 13ntter and meat had been the best stand-by of the colony in the dark days through which wo have passed. Br.t butter and meat on the rain firem Heaven. Our chief pro ducing industries were seriously threat ened. There was surely Deed for national hamiliation and prayer. He ranch blamed the Government for not leading the way in this movement? It should be national. It should not be.lelt to one or two of the denominations. The Government should have called oa the people to fast and pray, and humble themselves as a nation before the God of all the kingdoms of the eartb . But those who should have been leaders were straggling in ths rear, or were not in the movement at all. Turning to the words of tlie text he reminded his audience that they were a gracious pro wise of the Saviour. He wished them to notice tiie amazing sweep of the promise including as it does everything. Blessings spiritual and blessings temporal are here. Some would limit prayer to spiritual b'essuins. There is no scripture warrant for the restriction. Jesus said ' aoytSiing,' and we have no right to narro'.' down the promise to nne thins, or to one class of things. Both worlds are opcu to the believer's prayer, and as both aro under the same Governor the answer may be espected from either. He reminded them that there is a limit (o the promise ; the things asked must be for the glory of God and for the retil good of the person who prays, but inside tbat limit we may ' ask what we will and it shall be done unto us.' On the ' acreeiueut ' demanded by the Saviour, ': if two of you shall agree,' the preacher made some pregnant arid suggestive remarks. Why is this agreement demanded ? It must be remembered that Christ revealed, and specially dwelt oa the fatlicrliooJ of God. The invocation in tbe Lord's Prayer is an example of this. Now, every father, while readv to do all he can to aratify each child, will b-3 more ready to do something that a num ber of his children, request, thau what but one asks. Bat further the Holy Ghost inspires the Christian's prayers. Now, suppose one only makes a particular request, it is doubtful if that request comes from the Spirit ; but if many join iu the same request there can be no doubt at a'l that the Holy Spirit has prompted it. These considerations will show why Jssus insists on petitioners agreeing as touching anything they shall ask. But now coaies the question — is prayer really heard and answered? In other words have ws a right to expect raiu in answer to the prayers that shall bs this day offered for it ? A small but a very noisy and obtrusive class answers this ia the negative. All things they siy are bound in the adamantine chain of cause and effect, and it is impossible for God to c-hange this law. Now, mark what this implies — that God, the maker of the law, can neiiber change nor suspend it. What woTjld sou think of a Parliampnt that was unable to suspendx-r modify a law that was louud injurious to tue otate .-? Sncli a Parliament would become the laughing stock of 'the world just as tbe lav/ of the Medes and Persians has bean for the last two thousand years. Give ns some evidence of this we ask ? But not a scintilla is forthcoming. It really dethrones the Eternal, and crowns and sets dead laws in His empty seats. Look at that locomotive on the railway. Each of the materials composing it unite according to their nature in bringing about the end desired. The fire burns, the water boils, and the elastic vapour we call steam is evolved. Each obeys its osrn Jaws ; the driver controls the whole. He can drive slowly or rapidly as he pleases. He can reverse the engine and chive backwards as freely as forwards. Now, will any Eane man affirm that ttie engine driverhas a pnwer over that engine greater than God Almighty has over the earth ; He has created, and is supposed ever to govern. !No, Brethren, I am not afraid of the opinion of the sceptic ; he'll never do much harm. His craze will never hinder a nation's prayers. Bat I'll tell you what I fear far more, it is the utter indifference of a very large number of professing Christians. They have no fixed reasoned-out conviction at all on the subject. Their opinions are unstable and fluid as water. They are the charmeleons of the religious world. Among earnest Christian people they believe in the power of prayers, but after reading the sneering article on the subject in tbeir newspaper, or hearing the stereotyped gabble of their sceptical friends, they doubt, and they can't think there is much in prayer. Ah, Brethren, it is these' who are the real danger! It is their indifference and coldness that cool the zeal and weaken the faith of the true worshipers, and their prayer is not answered, for it springs from neither faith nor hope, ; . Bnthaya we aright to ^speet that prayer Twill' T-8 answered, .what eaith the Scriptures ? The preacher quoted copiously from the Bible tests which affirms that prayer is answered. He cited texts from the Prophets where rain was given or withheld at God's pleasure, and where the Prophet asserted that rain was given on repentance and withheld in punishment of national sin. 1. He appealed to the example of Jesus, who again and again hat erf erred with what seemed to be the laws of nature in answer to prayer, or sometimes even when no prayer was made at all. 2. He showed that in all ages the greatest and best of men believed ia prayer, and were themselves men of prayer. He illustrated his remarks by quoting the example of Bacon, the father of modern experimental philosophy, and of Newton, his sreatlv more illustrous Tranil. 3. He appealed to the experience of the con gregation, many of whom knew in their own souls that prayer is not jq vaio. He closed with a brief description of the character of prayer that will be answered. It must have three features. 1. There must be expectancy, it must be like David's prayer — ' In the morning will I direct my prayer unto Thee and look up.' — Ps, v 5. There is expectancy. His prayer would go forth like an arrow aimed by the archer at the object be wished to hit. He did not shoot at random, or with his eyes shut. He aimed and expected to strike, and so he followed the flight of the arrow with, an eager look to make sure tbat it did not miss. This is expectancy tbat must be the character of all successful prayer. 2\. It most be in faith, genuine trust, and God's wisdom, and 3. It most be in sub mission, we must accept God's will in the whole matter' as best,- if our prayer be beard and answered and should the answer be refused we must~accept His will stil] as best, and be ready with Jesus to say, not my will, but Thine be dpne, - ' From 30th November to 7 th December nclosive. Football, Carnival, 