1loveliSt. DIANA. (IV TWO PARTS.) PAINT I. Sllhp was as straight as an Indian arrow, ,arge.lilbetd and tall, with that peculiar white skin which does not tan nor grow sallow. The first Diana was not more pro. portioned than was this one..A combination of mauculine strength. and feminine beauty -not feminine enough to be wholly woman, nor masculine enough be be wholly man. lier dress was half one and half I " other. A manl' black slouch hat covered a head, and a man's black coat protected her ,boulders ; a petticoatof thick, dark stuff hid the rest of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod tfeet. She rode a huge black stallion, a creature as splendid and fiery and scornful as the scuntful, fiery, splendid creature that fear. Lessly bestrode his back. An imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in the dilating nostrils, uptlinging heads, and eyes restless with untamable de. liance the close kinship of two souls before iuotempsychosis made one beast and one humnan. She was Diana; the horse's name was " Satan." Diana loved Satan and Satan loved lii;tna. It was thought that neither of them loved any otherliving thing,and it was a certainty that no other living thing loved either of them. Diana piulled the rein and Satan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. They looked like a ebony- stttued-rentaur. Before them the suitn was setting-sinking, sliding down a little and a little fito the futhermost edge of the pliin.u So suloy and red and so close to the dead grass it seemed it must set it allre. Behind them the blue, snow-lined wall of the Sierras reached up to the clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red sun-rays until its many. league crystal bosom seemed struck by some sudden transforming force of nature, .and each single drop of water changed to diamond. The ebony Centaour let its foot slowly to the ground; it took ojf its slouched liht, its four eyes looked straight into the cuest. A lizard scampered away, rustling the dry grass with its scaly legs,. a squirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack- rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up on its haunches, with eyes standing inquir Ingly iup; its meek, surprised eyes stared as straight at the Centaur as those of the Cen taur stared into the west. For all other sign of animated existence on the plains these might have been allthat in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper.tinted spread its glow; the glory in the west and tile gray in the east touched edges at the zenith. Hligh over the dimple.glittered, glisten. lug, diamond-bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle lellts of whitu.fieeced clouds, in silver and climison and opal antd gold, that rose and towerevdtand toppled over into a smoke. girthed utmber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down to the earthl and spread over the hot ground and the brown dead clover. It crept to the foet of thue Centaur, and over Its black glossy tilde, aind stole into the face of the woman. Teu scorn, the dellance faded out of it, the hard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul, and lighted her features with the pureness or the virtue that has chastened itself in the stmelting furnace of sin. The Centaur was trntsligured. A build- branched oak-the only tree for miles around-stood near; a man, followed by it sheep-dog, stepped from behind. lie nmale no noiso nit was not seen. lie was suon.hurned, and unshorn, and roughly gar. mlleteid. There was ast odd twitching of the tulthcles about his mouth, and as Iie wutclhenl tie prcess of transformation in the womlan's face, its spirit leaped into W\ithout ally conscious volition he reached forth his hands and cried out, D tiann." Was it the reflection of the sunset in her cheeks, or sitmly returning animation, or dlit site hear f Sith touched the rein and Hutanu icunded forward, the ebony Centaur was ia passive traluligurallion noit longer. It woas Again the splendid, ScuuIIIl, defiant creature, hating hulauitly and smulting tihe earth with cou teutptuous feet, the aula with the iheepidog looked after lier a little widle, than walked slowly away, taking anO opposito direo A voilce, both jst and jeer, struck his uears to ht aippnitichucd the door of the uniginutl cli snie ll'tittloni burluqullued with the nmll of " liti?te." " Hse, 11111, will ye, looks like lie was wldk. In' Ilt lll in ti l ls hu hlit r h of is h collin, alnd iihp sunicake along liku he'd 1 heen awtealln' Tiih Isllt, to whoEln thie words were nd ldrieled, lokld olut, thae droppled his eyes au tild sweltr i lie it lower toll"l iuid softer voice than ihe other: S I)Jou't like himl tolight, lih'aoy, line In olnu of his blud Wt)ay. I woltilufi't won,. tier if heull otn that woman again. It's eolltugil to Illake lie think t ait ia ghost hIutIllitm him tie way ihe looks fiter hiU's seetll thitl "Ila'tlt bL dl,,iugn:d iI I'd like to have such a solid lttilutnvgell ity is hailtiht' Ile. " ltop-h'll lllar ylou" I Tih one who spioke last got upt adtl walked out t t(ho back dour to stop the tik of tile liutr, "\Yell, I'll be goulen; It [ was as thin. skinned about other people's feelin's as some people, l'd get me a patent outside," mut. 'teredBrassy. - The causeof the remarkssented himself on 'a limb which stuck out of the wood- pile in the yard, took out his pocketknife and cont menced whittling. " Shore sign," growled Brassy, looking 'out as he passed back and forth, cooking 'supper; "allus whittles when he's got 'em. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for bein' outicularously tough, but then them moods, an' tenies, an' them flue-haired feel in's helps a fellow out of lots of cookin'. .Who could ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or expect a youngster with the brine so close to his eyelids to bile miurphysl Say, Bill, what makes you so down In the mouth? Seen aghost or anything?" Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. "Yes, I've seen a ghost. Saupper ready 7" "No, but I've got her ona.billin'," cheerily answered Brassy, lie was a very home-made philosopher, and Archimedes would most likely have re. jected the mathematics of thoe soliloquy which he indulged in. " Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a hard thing to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, inary one of which ever recollected thatgrub hen to be cooked, and nary one of which everforgits to feel the symptoms of approach. in' meal time. But which ever side you git on, grub's in the middle, therefore splicin' d t and two, andmakin' It versus a unknown quality which is grub, I fnud by those flggcr. in' that grub is the syntax of life, an' the result of the calkerlation is Brassy hen to cook It." Brassy had to talk. If he had not anyone elsneto talk to he talked to himself. They were a diversified three that seant down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against the wall. bMoody, reserved Bill, child hearted Dainty, who had been rechristened thus by by'Brassy because of his slightness of stature and fastidious ways, and the irrepres. siblo, philosophical, good- natured Brassy, who talked when he should have said noth. ing, and said nothing when he should have talked, and always hit in the wrong pince. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on ttat territory of range whose boundary line was marked by its vast lonesom:ncss. But in a climate where the ,squirrel, the owl, and the rattle snakedwelt peacefully in the same abode, even these three might har. monise. The moon was full, and thile men sat out. side of the cabin, two of them taking their after.supper smoke, The mysterious calm of the breezcless night had put upon them Its spell of silence. Bill eat with bowed head, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove.wood, and Dainty held a cigarette carelessly bo. tween his thumb and foreflnger, and blow contented little pults of smoke away from his mouth. Brassy tugged and puifed at an old pipe, and watched Bill from under the rim of his hat. "Bill," said ho, "you ought to smoke; it'd be a mighty comfort to you, an,' save a heap o' good stove.wood." Bill's only notice of the remark was to shift ends of the stick and whittle vigor. ously. Dainty' moved uneasily and gave Brasey a warning glance; but no warning glance ever could catch lrassy'e understand. ing. lie always maintained it was nrainst his principles to take hints. o Yes, semkin' is the most continuous coan fortin'amusement I know of ; sothin' likeit to put a man in good sperrits, onless it's 'puttin' good sperries in a man: an' stove. wood in this country is mighty hard to get. Yes, Bill, you ought to take to smokin'. It's palaces, an' diamonds, an' 'llabian steeds to the pore man. Course they got up insmoke, but they're his while they're gain'. If you're hungry, it's a sort of eoothment to the plane 't's achin' for victuals. If you're alone in a howll'e* wilderness it's wife, children, and friends-they go up In smoke, too, bas you have 'em while they're goin'; an itheees the female sect fronm ha'nti' a lonesome bacuoe. for." le looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward Bill. Dainty puckered his brows into a most speaking frown and asked, "Brassy, do you know why you are not like my old kinte I" "Dunno, 'less it's 'cause the knife shuts up sometimes. Yes, there's most always some difference between peoulpl and old knives; now, there's Bill-" Dainty jumped up and threw away his cigarette. "Boys," said he, "let's take the dogs over to the river and tree a wild cat." Brassy pocketed his pipe Lmmodiately. "Right, me lord, 'm youarn wlhen it's wild cats you talk, An'if Bill wants to go, the triumvirate's agreed ; if he don't- 'loe may sigh to the winds, to the God dess Diana, But his days they will end on the isle of St. Helena.'" He sang the lines of the old.fashioned, long.out.of-date song in a most unmusical voice, and it rnmight have been the melody that made Bill start so suddenly that he overturned the stool on which the sat; it might have been the moonlight thlit made him pale. Dainty hastened to interpose, with the suggestion that if they were going they had better start. lie could not have told why he thought Itrassy's Insinuating nonsense would give pain to hill, or in whaet manner it could pain him ; he was one of those peculiar nateures that knew nameless things by intuition. He did not care for wild cat hunting, but knew prowling about in the river bottom, trying to scare up "varmints," was one of Brassy's weaknesses. Beside, there were few diversions to break the monotony of the sheepb.herders'existence, even though there were three bf them, and they herded their own flocks and rode their own horses. It has been said jocularly of sheep.herd. ing, "It takes but three months to turn the strongest brain." The saying had a good foundallon, more especially it the time were summer. Think of a human being, endowed with the attri butes of divinity, sut down ou those vast pllins to follow, day alter day, a thousand head of bleating sbieep-sheep are always bleating ; tiay alter day to see the suln rise, red and sultry, to slhine all day thirough a cloudless, chalngeless sky on ic changeless, brown, uirage.gllielmering landseape, and slkt out of alghtr, red andultry, at eve. To ner, night after nightI, theC west wieel always the west winel--blowlng its drearty muesic, and the hewl of the prowllng coyote. right efter night tile snamle oeelsl, elay after day thimenare seeners, his cUenelrUloneship the lizzerd and thie houreod.toad-- lwnys fllow. ing rrund and rourld thut thousand head af bleatling sheep, Tlie moon was highl up in the sky whene they reucbhed the tlneher of thu river, which was about tlreou miles frorn thei' llysa," again sena Da inirty, " lee soeullehow morry I aHkenl yLeu tter crl orelonighit I feel liku enmcethllng was geing to lrllreun, end thirt w ou lghlt tle get out ir here aes iulick as tile, gerir, Ilrlihity, yoer foelllle' Is tLro cl to rl ire ae rlrollsllhelre. \lrhat yerr o'lurs cnild hI eu ?I T rir'I k l(eolelul i aIrilllellea or Tlhler.ingtlee, .lItrl's a hirxuie luerir, In tihe ihum l els eel the ueideelore urr , l cr ited uiieer n II rleket rn' layi n trer es, as it werle 1" ill snlllerl at this, it wre ns lhlleul usl snd Dainty srri e eno rel t lee sf hl e i elir, err Ifrlr. Are rour, two leierls, thlree, el tllrmler hirg, aind neot a wlei rc:t w rr aluleirlll enrerre tel Ier trle eod Iel Ilrerlller, r oe re.ry' h- " lluitlil, diiur ,t ylll iear l er orjll, Ie ilnl I" ainhl Ilaliity' Allu ltrenf stlOlllledt nd lilgr lourd, Ieet unly Ir a mulIuouL, "Ierclful God I" shouton Drassy, "orun for your lives, it's the rivr over overflowed I" They sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and briars, and many stumbliogs. If we could only get to the slough lust,' p anoted Braesy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall of water higher than their heads was rolling down with terrible swiftness upon them. The water from the river overtook them and lapped around their feet and up to their waists. It was useless now to try to reach the slough, imposeible to cross it if they could, that crackling muffled roar was too near. They were between two floods; it was a moment to act without deciding. With one accord Dill and DBrassy caught Dainty nod hoslated him into the forks of a large sapling, by the side of which they stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute nlater they were in the midst of a mileowide waste of fast-rising water. Be hind them was the terrible, wift, rollimg river, whose head was in the heart of the eternal enows; b·fore them the eloegh,over which they had walked dry-footed' three hours before, rolled another river, swift flowing, muddy, ice.cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into the chilling water, and ~ilook and shivered to its topmost twig when some floating object lodged againstit. Iigher rose the flood and swathed their soaked garments about them; it was so cold -socold clinging; and thenightsobalmyand warm, aihd the moonlight so soft and -so beautiful. "P'artners," said Brassy, " I reckon we're euchered this time." " Looks like it," responded Bill, " and I'm quite willing." " Well, then, you're the fueest man I ever saw that wa. ready for rain. Course we'd hey to swing out some day, an, drownin', they say, is a easydcath; but to be drownded like a panrel o! treed squirrels disagrees with me. I might 'a' knowed these hot days, 't's cooked the grass dry enough to make yeast' powders,'d melt the snow an' bring down a flood. Yes, I'vulived nhih the river long enough to be a.lookin' out for a thing like tuis. An' I deserve a soak[n' for bein' soon thoughted, but I don't like to be drownded lith n miserable equir'l." (ra?t r WI .LrL ArPEAn ON On EXT.) 