SflROUDED IN MYSTERY, OE WHICH GIRL PIP HE MARRY? BY SKIPP BOHLABE, Author of " For True Love's Sake," " Three Lovely Women," "Darker than Death," " An Ocean Secret," "Recalled to Life," "Riohea to Rnin," "Who killed John Cameron?" " The PolicelMinistor," &o.; CHAPTER LVTII.—(CbneJtuiei.) Rose was glad that tbe direction^ in whioh. they desired to go necessitated their tuning their backs on the disgraceful and distre&iing; eoeue almost as soon as it WM presented to their gaze, for she felt eare that else bar companion's indignation might havegot the batter ef his prudence, and direful might have been the consequences to them both* As it was they got on without any aetioe being taken of them to some little jiitwiwi, and had began to congratulate themselves that at all events the extreme of da»ger was over, when they were suddenly brought to a stand* •till by a subaltern officer at the head of half a dozem soldiers, who seemed to be engaged in the daties of a patrol. *' Where are yon goinc to, my pretty maid?" demanded the officer jocularly. " Baok to the farm for some more butter, eggs, and oheeie, for I expect you brave soldiers will be hungry after so much fighting, and so I expsot to make a good profit out of my wares," answered Rose. '"I'll dare swear that you've driven a good ,rade in tbem with the rebels, you glibongced jade?" "And if I have, neither batter, eggs, nor cheese are contraband of war, good sir; and in token of my loyalty I charged them all the more f ojr my oommoditieg on oooonntof their being rebels." "And is this lout in front of yon your serving-man or yonr brother?" "Indeed, air, and he's neither, but only just my husband for want of a better." "And pray doss he always keep his month open like that ?" "Only when be is hungry and baa nothing to put in it." "But hasn't he any speech ta lab out of it 3 —in other words, has he a single word to ray for himself?" "Say for himself?—he say anything? I'd like to see him attempt it when I'm by. No, no, my handsome and brave young gentleman, it'« his place to do all tbe working, and mine to do all the talking, and that's what I call a fair division of labour ; and I often toll him that if he doei his share of the work *( well aa I do mine therell be BO oaose of complaint against him." The officer laughed at this retort, and tfceo made answer, " Well he looks as though you kept him in his proper place. And aafoi yourself, by George I would kiss you, my pert little farmeress, if your face looked only a little cleaner, and yonr bair tidier, if only to find out whether he'd say anything then. Aye, I've a great mind to hazard the experiment even as it is se " "Gee hup'." exclaimed the seeming country bumpkin on hearing this—at the same moment drumming with bis basis against the thiok coated sides of the galloway—an unexpected utterance and proceeding on his part which so tiokled the Hanoverian officer that he burst into a perfect paroxysm of laughter, whioh so incapacitated him for everything else that he perforce suffered the pair to proceed on their way without farther questioning or molestation. Even the soldiers indulged in loud guffaws, the oadenoe of whioh followed the fugitives until they got olear of tha town (which like all towns possessed no suburbs in those days) and reached the brow of the hill whioh o'erlooked the deep and romantio valley of tha Ribble, whose northern back they gained in a ; very few minutes more. They expected to be some little time in finding tbe ford, bat what was their surprfti upon discovering the river to be quite dry. Hardly, however, had they ridden half-way across it when Rose exclaimed in terrified accents— " Oh, hurry, hurray, for hark to that roar! and see, the water is coming down npon us in a high wave."* * Stranraer glanoed around, and at onoe perceiving their danger, urged the galloway forward both with hia stick and his heels. But the returning waters canght them, and swept them away like a cork, and for very nearly five minutes it looked very much as though both horse and riders must be drowned. But, most fortunately, a strong current set in suddenly toward the shore whioh they were endeavouring to reach, and when the hurly-burly of the returning waters had subsided, this current left them within a dozen yards of the bank, though even then the galloway weuld have been too exhausted to have reached land with its doable burthen had not Stranraer slipped off into the water and swam beside it the remainder of the distance. Even as it was it stumbled in ascending the somewhat steep bank, and on regaining its feet was found to be dead lame in one of them, a misfortune whioh almost amounted to a calamity in their then position, when to leave Preston behind as far and as swiftly as possible was of all things the one most to be desired. " Well, we must get another nag as soon aa may be," said Stranraer. "Fortunately, X have still funds enough to pay for one. But have you thought for a single moment, dear" girl, upon what the end of this most be? I cannot always keep silent, and the first halfdozen words that I'm called upon to ntter will infallibly betray the fact that I'm at all event* a Scotchman, ,when of course, every one wil. Bet me down to be a rebel also. The Northern burr oan't be conquered and eradicated undei a year's hard labour I take it.'' "Oh, when we have only reached Roch dale, my own home, and it is hardly thirtj miles distant, I know of half-a-dozen places in which you could seourely hide until the danger that now threatens you has blown over. My father's house will, of course, ba open to you, with a warm welcome besides, and if it should not afford a safe biding enough there is an old ha&nted; mansion just out of tbe town, which was once a oonvent, and has secret chambers and hidden dungeons, and whioh no one will live in, enter, or hardly look towards. There I oould bring you food every night, without thB slightest risk of dis-. co very, for the lane in which it stands is called Ghost-lane, and tbe entire neighbourhood is shunned as well aa tbe bouse. For the present we are close to a village called Walton-le-Dale, and there is an inn there at whioh I stopped on -my way up. They are good, kind, simple people who keep it, so that we shall be able easily ta deceive them with a plausible tale." How little did Rose suspect, whilst looking at the future through suoh rose ooloured spectacles, that her old lover, Lancelot Leigh, was stopping at the inn they were approaching, or that that very night her sister Rath had been imprisoned in the old house in Ghost-lane by her villanous persecutor, Halcamus Greenwood. * Lewis's Topographical Dictionary, volume S page S6S, describes this strange phenomenon. 