AS IT WAS TO BE. ORAPTERt XIV. Tns London season was at its height. "Never known town so foll I" was the stereotyped remark, as men greeted one another in club windows, or ladies recognised each other at Howell and Jamoe's, the Grosvenor, or the Acadenmy. Standing listlessly in the bow win dow of a certain well-known club in Piccadilly, Aucety Wildcroft gazed listlessly out, watching the coenses stream of equipeges rolling steadily down towards the park. " My dear boy, I envy you your en thuoiasm, and at your time of life, too," he exclaimed, now smiling conme what bitterly at a grey-bearded, die tinguislhed - looking foreigner, who, lounging at his oeas in a well cushioned olbow-chair, with his bat tilted over his eyes, gazed up into the face of his younger friend, to whom he had been discoureing at some length. " Why, you must be filty-coven, my dear count, if you are a day, and yet what a wonderful flow of animal spirits I" " alI all comes of keeping one's liver and digestive organs in good repair," retorted Coeunt Karoliky with the merest suspicion of foreign accent. "Now you'll be a perfect wreook at my ago--a surly, morose, and most disagrooable fellow, yet without an aotual cars on earth. You're in a chronio state of brown study, which seems to ise worse than scarlet-.foer any day. Ha l Ia l" The younger nan laughed ear oastically. " What I would you lave me raving like yourself of overy new actress, each pretty faeoo I soo ? That's your notion of an amiable wealknees I be liove-this last-found prodigy at the Elysium to wit I" "Ahl msa Dieu/" returned the count with a deep-drawn sigh. " No, it is not a question of that sort oon corning the lovely Potrea. The sight of that perfeoot faoo awokeo elumbering reminieooneos all too sad. Austyn, I don't know whether I over con fossed to you that I-I was once a married manul I Matrimony was with me but one among many wild esoapades of youth. I fell in love with just suoh a divino young creature as this Potrea of whom I spoke, and marriod hear, only to part however from her a few mouths later. We were both wroug, I suppose," he con tinued with transient emotion ; " but the fault, at any rate, was hers alone, when she gave me the slip in Paris and fled to England. I suoeoeded in tracing her after some few months; but alas I only to find that she was dead I She left a babe, whoseo en trance into life snatched the mother's life away; but I-my God I" then osoaped him strangely, and blanching to the very lips, he sprung suddenly to his foot as though a bombshell in natual truth had exploded close to his oar. "Karoliky I " Wilderoft exclaimed, " what ails you, man ? You are as one distraught. Have you soon a ghost ?" "No," the count returned, hoarsely. " Woro, ton thousand times worse than that I I am seized, terrified, ouen tranced, bewildered by- only an idea, yet an idea, friend, whioh has on it the face of conviction-a conviction amounting to a certainty. Austyn I " and hero thle excited foreigner seized the captain by the arm, "it is she, she-my daughter, poor Fan-fan's child I I fooel it hler I " striking him self violently on the breast. "Fan fan's child, none other. And I-I must be off forthwith; I must make inquiries, I will not lose an hour." " Karolihy, you are bereft of roa. soan I" expostulated Austyn. " What proeuises have you to argue from, and how on earth will you proceeood ?" " What premises ? From the very first I told you of the extraordinary resembleanc which emote me like a blow; and now-now it dawns upon moe that in truth it must be Fan Fan's ohild. I will make inquiries, I toll you. Perhaps the people are still living who sheltered her twonty-five long years ago ; from them I an learn whether the ohild throvo and grow, and what career she has sineoo pur sued. For, I confess the truth, Auetyn, enoh a scamp was I in those long dead and gone wild days, that when I heard the motlher was no more I-I was aueo enough to leave the little one to its fate. What could I have done with a helpless infaut-I, whom not even my beet friend know ?es a married man ? And Be--but I muroeto off, my doer friend. Anon, anon, ask of me what you will." " But whore shall I see you P How, whon ?" "When, whero ? Why, to-night of oourso. I hlave engaged the stage box-riglt-hand sido-for myself at the Elysiumn. Meaoot me there at eight o'olook; I shall be quite alone, and by that time without doubt shall have adduod important evidonoo bearing on the point. As rsvoir, my friendd; I may be a father ore we moot sagain." And so exit the excitablo foreigner, leaving even the taoiturn young Eng lisheman with a momentary emile upon his solemn features as lie refooloted on the strangely diverse experionoos whieh go to make up the sum total of the doubtful blessing we term life. CI[AlPTER XV. "Os II lell you there is not the slightost doubt ano to its boing the right locality,. Hor friend, the girl who toolk hler to the lodging, and wrote to me, is living eoomow?ero at Hanmp stead still. I found tl'o memorandum I made of the address 'twenty-five yoars ago, and proeooeded forthwith to the oplot, to find, little ane I oxpootod it, thle same people inhalsbiting it still. Yon tlhey remomhored poor Fan-fan, as a matter of courso, and confesosed that they lhad kept her ohild and roaried it as their own. In due course however, ese married - ovidently above their ltation; her husbaud a few years lter died; and theon, it soomes they lost the olue,. She nameu to lhidl them farowell before proceeding abroaeI. Anld now Pstron, hailing from aerca tlhe mill-pond, it eoome to ibn?s. lut lhulnh I Soe, the ourtain \--'isOes"' I-'. It was the Count who thus spoke. His companion, Aeustyn Wilderoft, sat opposite to him, coreonod from the general gate of a crowded hounc by the lace curtains of the box of which the two men were sole occupants at the Elysium on this henceforth ever memorable night. The piece announced was Adrienne Lecouvreur, and there were those who held that the fair American rivalled the famed Bernhardt in this-her greatest impersonation-whilhtothere, who a long while since had pro. claimed Modjoska unapproachable in the r6lo, hesitated whether after all they might not coo canue to reverso their judgment since this traneatlantio star had dawned upon the London boards. The first noone of the play to-night Wvrs witnessed with ill suppressed ex citement by both our friends. When the curtain rose upon the green.room of the famous Comedio Franuaieo, and Petrea finally made her entrance, book in hand "There Lho in- there she is I" whispered the Count hoareoly, laying his hand heavily on Wilderoft's Inee, as 1he himself bent eagerly forward towards the stage. " My God I" eeoapod the other's lipo, an exolamation which Karoliky just then was too utterly absorbed to note. Presently however he become eon. soious of fingers plucking at his aloove, and, turning, behold the face of Austyn Wilderoft distorted by a gbastly pallor, whilst his eyeo gleamed like living coahl. " ilens, non ad i! what ails thee, friend ?" questioned the foreigner, starting to his foot. "I-I am ill, Karoliky. Got me home at once I" And as he epoke the young man, by a supreme effort, stag. gored to hie feet. A few minutes later the two friends, ceated in a four-wheeled cab, wore being driven noas rapidly as the crowded state of the streeoots and the proverbial incapanity of a London " growler's " haok would permit in the direcotion of Wilderoft's town house in Mayfair. "Toll me now what ails you, Auntyn ?" questioned the Count, with some anxiety, loaning forward to look into his friend's face. " Hushl I do not call me by that name I " the other retorted strangely; " she might hear I and then-and then, in spite of the assembled crowd, hbo would proclaim the fatal truth to my face. ifaroliky, she might call me something too horrible, and I-I might not contradiot." " Mon Diet " have you taken leave of your senses ?" exolaimed the horrified count. You are raving, surely. Who is ' she? '---is it Potrea of whom you speak ? " " Ay, surely-she's none other; the only woman that I ever loved, and Chorrio knows it. I at least did not dooeive her I She would marry me in spite of all-the daughter of the man I slow unintentionally, shooo me doe. liberately, with full knowledge of my crime I But how sho-Poetrea, noas you call her; Mathildo, as I know her to be, the poor dead doctor's wife-had her eye lighted upon me to-night from behind the footlights-would have denounced me, ty, handed me over rodhanded perhaneoo to justico, for she was ever pitiless, despite my boundless love I Karoliky," he whis pored hoarsely, bending forward till bis lips were on a level with the other's ear, " sea those traooe of blood upon my hands; 'twas when I lifted the heavy head and touched the jagged, blood- stained atone If they see them--the oflieore of the law, before-before I can wash it off-my fate is scaled, Karoliky ; I shall have no chance of escape I Got me home I get me home at once, I say, that I may cleanse my fingers of the gore the life stream of Mathildo's husband, the man who called me ' friend I' Ha I I wonder if she known the truth ? I must toll her-toll her overy incident now, no matter at what, coot I" The astounding truth flashed upon the count- Auetyn was mad He had been gradually going that way for some time. As he spoe hoe sprang to his fooeet and endeavoured to prooipitate himself head foremost out of the window of the cab. The terrified count had diffl culty in restraining him, and on this sudden paroxysm subsiding forthwith stopped the cab, and hailing a stalwart policeman who happened to pass, in niotod on his entering the convoyance in order to assist him in the manage mout of the unhappy madman. For there could be no doubt Austyn Wilderoft'n reason had suddenly given way; the melancholia and fitful misery of past yoaro was more thin adequately aoaounted for now. At last, there oould be little dbtibt the nufortunato captain had boon the victim of incipient disease. "Your master inhas hoeon suddonly talken seriously ill I " oxelaimed the ount to the man servant who came hastening to the door, as tha cab stopped at length in Mayfair; " send at onoo for the nearest modical aid, see that your mistress is out of the way, and then show me the beot way of getting him quietly upstairs I " Bit the feat was not aooomplishod so easily no KRaroliby hoped; before the throo men ouooodod in hearing tihe obotroporous patient to a bedroom on the first floor his shriecks and orioe for "Mathildoe I Mathildo I" had effeotually alarmed the household, antd wure, indieeid, distinotly audible to the occoupants of the neighbouring house holds on either side. Captain Wildoroft was raving' mad I The rumour ospreaond lilke wild-fire, long before thbo dostor's broughtuam had arrived. Mro. Wilderoft-fortunatoly or unt fortunately-was dining out, and for the proeseont it was decided no atop should be taibon for summoning her home to this terrible bedt-ide. Ferrar, oas it channed, but a few days senrlier Ihad arrived in town; hle was locatod at tha Bath Hotel, whither a mosseonger was at once de opatohoed, apd asno the young man hap. poened to be dining in a private room Ilono, Ihe wne found without difflulty, andt arrived at the soolne of ditanter just as the dootor'a carriago rolled up to the captain's door. CHAPTnn XV. " She is coming," someone whis pered. "TThank God I" exclaimed the doctor; " she is none too soon I If this last hope fails, he must be at once removed to tho nearest neylum; it would not be safe to leave him here, even with the best attendance. overnight. Havo they explained to the lady the facts of the case ?" " I believe so," the attendant whis pered in tbo same low tone, as in company with the physician he kept guard by the patient's bed. " The count went himself to the Elysium; but of course it was impossible she should leave before the conclusion of the piece. They have evidently pro coeded here direct-it is not yet twelve o'clock-ah I here she comes. Boo, she has not even changed her dress." For through the open door the nct rose was observed entering the boudoir beyond, at that very moment; a dark cloak enveloped her from head to foot, her golden tresses were loocoly gathered up into a heavy knot, she looked scneared and dazed, but unutter ably boautiful, nos trembling in each slender limb she forthwith advanced towards the patient's room. Grave Doctor Welch wont forward to receive her, and in a few well chosen words, supplemented the ex planations shoe had already rcoeived from Ifaroliky, who in this terrible emergency had temporarily forgotten his own fantastio grounds of the doopoest personal interest in the beautiful actroees he had boon dos. patched to sook on behalf of the dis. traught man. " HI has boon raving for you with. out intermission, my dear madam," the doctor hurriedly concluded; "it is the mere delusion of an overwrought and fatally diseased brain; yet we trust to your benevolence to forgive our having ventured to summon you hither in the cause of science, as well as to seo if your presence may not exercise a soothing effect on this un happy man. He vows he cannot rest until he has explained all to you.; he doolares then he will be asn tranquil as a child," But--but," faltered Potroa, pal ably struggling with emotion, "I foar this may not prove merely a hallu. cination of the brain. I-I knew Austyn Wildoroft formerly all too well, aund-I have indeed had the mis fortune to lose the best of husbands under circumstances the most unforo seen." Before the doctor could reply a frenzied shriek from the room be. yond " Mathildo I Mathilde I will you not come and pardon me ? Must I go out into the eternal darknooes without hav ing gaoed on you once more ? Mathilde, Mathildo I for moroy's sake, come and shrive my guilty soal." The doctor hurried her forward without another moment for refleotion -panting, breathless, trembling from exooes of mingled emotions, Mathilds found herself a few seconds later standing at the foot of the maniac's bed. " A-h I" a long, gasping, shivering cry escaped his livid lips, as his eyes lighted on that blanched but perilously fair faeoo; then marvellously soothed and calmed it seemed, he struggled to raise himself in the bed. The attendants on either side as sisted him into a sitting position, and supported by pillows at his baolk, he gazed long and fixedly at Mathildo. " You have coine at last," he mur mured, so calmly that those about him wondered whether in truth his sanity was not momentarily restored. "I noew you would, Mathildo. You were ailways en angel of goodness, no less than of beauty and grace. Mathilde 1". anud here his voice sank to. a bhoars whisper, as he beckoned her close to the bed, " they will not believe me, but you-you will rooogniso the truth at once. It was by my hand your hno band met his death. I am the mur doror of Robert Cannick I Listen, and I will toll you all. That night-that fatal night at the Grange-the first, last time that I hold you in my arms, ofter your song of Auld Robin Gray, when you danced with me. Ah I how well I yet roemmber the valso the musicians played I Do you recollect, I ask you ? Do you recollect ? 'Well, lie was joalous, it sooihed, the poor, grey- headed doctor, and he--he sum moned me willout, into the cool, calmo night, and bosiseuth the summer'etato eo taxed me with being the lover of lis wife. Do you think I denied it ? Not I, fodreoth, for I linow it waso the truthl. I did love you, as I love you still-ad I over have done since first my eyeso gazeddowin into tlhe :untroubled innoeoonooe of your face, and not to avert a thousand deaths would I deny the truth. And so we fought, Mathildo; your husband against your lover, the better man against the worse. Hush I not a word of this to any living soul, otvo and oxoopt my wife., Sho ,know the truth boforo I miirid hero ; she olung to me, nevertholess. Ah I she lhas had but a weary time of it, for ever sines that fatal night I habv. hbon a wrotohed, hopoless man-the stain of murder on my soul, the blood rid upon my hands-and yet-and ybt you had eluded me I I might look upon your face, you said, *nevor, never more.'" " You did not kill my husband," rotorted Mathilde, in a low voioo, tromnlous and panie-stricken. "Yot fdrget he fell against thei rook- worlk, hitting his bhoead against the jagged corner-etlno."' "'We fought, I tell you I" Auotyn yollid, "and I murdered hiri. I hInghled to see the blood gush forth, and then I thought you would be mine. Bk3l to the houose I hiod. Oherrio hblpoed me to find his haut and coalt. hl I there sho eomoe-oho comes I" !eo slrieoed, as at that tbrriblo me nioft, in bitter truth, thobispleos wife, half.eoupportod by Fersars-who had mot iher as sho alighted from the ocirriage, and endleavored to give her esomoe inuight into the., foarful com plexion of nfltairs--staggored, white and upoooeeclless as a ghost, norooa tIi tlhreshold of tihe room. " Ohorris, tell them how I ocourdered your-father \--how I loved your motlher hero and how, in spite, in spite of all, you made take you no my wifoe. And you have had a lively time--nh, Oherrio ?-with this - this accursed secoret ever-gnawing here, and here." Hie truck himself fieroely on the head and breast even as he epoke, and exerting all his etrength, with one wild, frenzied yell, which ever after. wards haunted all who beard it, the madman suddenly sprang from his couch and rushed wildly round the room. BIefor detaining arms could seizo him he sprang towards the window. It was the work of a moment to throw it up and spring out. Quick hands caught him, but with not sufficient force to retain their hold. In fact, the holder, if tenacious, would have shared the unfortunate lunatic's fate. He fell with a dull thud upon the pavement, smashing in his skull. CHAPTER XVII. Wilderoft Grange stood tenantless for some time after the events nar rated in the last chapter, When the housekeeper at length had notice to throw wide the casements, and reno vate stencilled ceilings, mouldings, fret-work, dadoes, renew upholetery, carpets, and general decorations-au event of no small importance was im ponding-the new master was bring. ing home his bride. She who had first boon known in Wedderburno as the doctor's wife, and thon his widow, was about to be re stored to the village she loved so well as the mistress of Wildoroft Grange. And now, this clear golden Sep tomber evening, a little group clusters on the smooth, green lawn, listening for the sound of whools, which shall herald the approach of Ferrars and his bride. Count Karoliky and the dowager, talk together in subdued, though hope fol tones, for there had been so muoh of anguish for one and all in the wretched months just paussed, that even the elderly folks are glad to look towards the dawning brightness rather than linger upon the dreary past.' They are talking of the rosory, which now blooms where once the rookery stood at the entrance to the hazel wood, for the ill-fated spot where so much of tragedy long years ago had boon enacted had boon altered as much as possible, that no additionally sad reminiseonces might be aroused i' thie heart of Ferrara Wildoroft's wife by tangible evidoeno of the spot where Robert Oanniok, upon that ill-fated evening, met an untimely death. Sinoe that terrible night of Austyn's. seizure, all existing mysteries had been investigated, sifted, and finally' understood; the ill.fated OChrrie hav ing made full confession of the real extent of'her previous knowledge of her husband's crime, her testimony had been unhesitatingly accepted by the doctor's widow, and later by all immediately interested ; thus Austyn's memory was cleared of the more tesr rible stigma which his own fronzied self-aoousations had been calculated to convey. Count Karoliky sucoeoded in prov ing beyond the shadow of a doubt the parentage of the lovely ci-desant American actress Petrea, and. it was beneath the shelter of her father's roof in Bolgrave-square, that Fer raru Wilderoft in due course wooed and won his lovely bride; who, having expiated, according to her aimple creed, by long years of lonely widowhood, the momentary wrong of which she stood self-con victed towards one who had been the bohofacotor of her life, at length con sented to make blessed and happy the man towards whom her own unawak enod heart all-unconsoiously turned sinoe the first moment his kindly glance had fallen upon the doctor's lovely wife. But whilst Lady Wildoroft and the count disouos hopefully of improve meonte in this quarter and altorations in that, with the interest of the Wild. croft tenants at heart, one. (the third figure of the group) stands solitary and' motionless' apart.' Auotyn Wild-. croft's widow, who, after long years.of ionitonce and' remorse, is chastened in spirit and "'bontrito. of heart, has come meekly," gratefully, gladly even, to ocoupy the suite of apartments which the gentle quondam steop-mother has affectionatoly allotted to her sole useo in the house which was once her own. "We will live together henoeforth as oistor, Oborrie," Mathildo had whispored through her tears. " Though ihideed it may be that your sin in the hhtoful past was great, yet your pkovooation and temptation must likeowise be taken fully .into account. You are so young,"my dear, so young still, that in time, with heaven's help, you may forget. Without doubt brighter days will dawn for Robert's child; for his sake you will, you must, be blessed." " Ah I I hear the sound of horses' hoofs--they comeo, they come I" cried, the ezeited count, and,, offering his arnim to Lady Wilderoft, the two hurried forward towards the gate. But Chorrie is powerless to move.a single stop; she stando ,still and rdotiopless, ondly she raisds her white ktroeliof and silentljy Wipes awiay the. scdalding tears whioh have gathered slowly ii her eyes, 'Tears from the well of trueno ro pentanoe,: whioh for: aught that mortalo krnow may saufflioeo to wash out deep transgression, and. make even enarlot sins as white as snow. 'And when at'lngth isboh staggers forward to moet Mathildo' ' out stretched arms, althonbh no words of wblcom .bcome from Cherrie's. paol. nid trembling lipe, none, the loess is. her heart just thoen. moved anda shaken by alforvent voiooless prayer, [ruIE Zoo.] 