Through Deep Waters, IT was a day Mrs. Jerome never forgot. The first intimation she had of trouble i store was when on returning from a long drive Kuty, the maid, met her at the door, looking pallid and frightened. ' You are not back a molmenlt too soon, my 'lady,' said the girl, in a cautious whisper. ' I have been watching here on purpose to warn you in time. Master-' 'What of htim ? What has haopened to my husband ?' cried the startled lady,. ' I don't know, ma'am. HIe mlust have heard something that greatly displeased him. He came home an hour ago looking so fierce and angry I was nearly frightened out- of my wits. He inquired for you, then went straight to your boudoir and slhut himself in. He has been there ever since.' Mrs. Jerome laid her hand on her hezrt. It was beating fearfully loud and fast. ' I will go to him,' she said. She glided swiftly up the stairs, pausing on instant at the door of her boudoir. She bad long known that the man she had mar rined was not a pleasant person to meet in some of his moods, but it was not this fact that had stricken every particle of colour from her oval cheeks. ' I wonder what he has discovered?' she said to herselt. The door swung noiselessly to her touch, and she stood within the room. It was a pretty place, all pink and gold, with soft car pets, costly bric-a.brac. and the elegant be longings that bespeak wealth and taste. Duncan Jerome sat i:t one of the velvet re clining chairs, his dark, handsome face wearing an expression that absolutely fright ened her. He was pale as death, and under neath the corrugated brows his intense eyes glittered like two balls of fire. Clenched in one hand he held an open letter, and at his feet lay the mother-of.pearl writing-desk that had been a gift years before from Doris Jerome's dead sister, ruthlessly wrenched open and its contents scattered about. The letter he held in his hand was the only thing that had any interest for him, apparent. ly. Over this he bent, so deeply absorbed as not to hear the soft step of his wife until she stood beside him. Then he drew a deep breath and looked up. 'So you are back again, Doris ? he said, with a strange icy smile. She drew a step nearer, her dazed eyes fixed upon the letter, an expression of awful terror creeping over her pallid face. * What-what are you doing here ? 'Only amusing myself, during your absence dear,' was the answer. ' Forgive me; I did not expect you back so soon.' His eyes seemed to pierce into her very soul. Doris had always felt somewhat afraid of her husband. Nor, there was something almost devilish in the glow of those burning orbs, is they insolently met her own. I' have been well repaid for my trouble.' he added waving the letter before his face. 'Such a charming epistle ! It would answer admir ably for a modern book on letter writing. Not an adjective too few or a loving epithet too many I A model latter in every way.' .Doris knew its contents by heart-she had -read it so many times. The bitterest tears of her life had blistered its pages. That letter was the last she had received from Maurice Browning the lover of her girlhood It was full of the anguish of a broken heart, Maurice had written it from abroad on heariog of her sudden marriage. It breathed such a farewell as one might take of the dead, when ther' is nothing to hope or expect. It : seemed a sacrilege for eyes othert ban her own to drink in the burning words. 'Give it to me I' she panted, the blood of outraged womanhood leapirg into her cheek,. SHow dare you meddle with my private papers ?' He laughed and thrust her aside as though she had been a child. ' There should be no secret between bus band and and wife, my dear. What difference can it make ? - As for the letter, I,.prefer to keep it, It is quite too good to be wasted :upon one alone.' And coolly folding the tell-tale missive, he stowed it away in his pocket. Doris felt a sudden faintness come over her. She sat down in the nearest chair, stunned and terror-stricken. Wi'hat wrould her husband do now that he had learned of the one beautiful though sad romance of her life ? I should have destroyed the lelter,'she murmured. ' It was wrong to keep it.' ' Yes, the safer way would have been to consign it to the flames. No matter.' I had heard rumours before, and others reached my ears to-day. Why did you never tell me this' pretty story of your love-dream? I should have found it vastly entertaining.' The leer in his eyes made her blood run cold as she faintly replied: ' I did wish to disclos- everything before you married me. But--' ' Go on. Why do you hesitate?' ' Papa forbade me ever to speak of it.' Duncan Jerome laughed aloud. 'Of course. My worthy father-in-law was a wise man in his day and generation, Doris. He looked upon my millions, saw they were good, and coveted them to prop up his own fallen fortune. Of course it was for his interest to suppress this little romance.' 'I meant to be a true and faithful wife to you, Duncan,' said the poor creature, in a trembling voice. 'I meant.to drive the old lave completelv from my heart.' 'Humph. How have you succeeded ? There was no response. What could she say, knowing as she did that despite all her Stears, prayers and secret struggles, Maurice Browning was dearer to her at that moment than ever before ? Jerome must have read what was passing in her mind, for after gazing at her attentively for a while he turned with another low, icy laugh and abruptly left the room. After he had gone Doris sat for some time motionless, with her hands clasped tightly over her face. Then she rose, and with trembling fingers gathered up the trinkets and letters that lay scattered about, replacing them in the triting-desk. The lock was broken and she pushed the desk aside. 'Who would have believed him capable of such a deed ?' she said, half disdainfully. A feeling of utter recklessness came over her. She was almost glad of the discovery her husband bad made. T''he thought of the past had lain like a burden on her soul duringall the months of her brief married life. At least I am spared the shame of playing the bypocrite any longer,' she murmured. But what would he do ? Under any strong excitement she had seen him behave like a madman. She felt profoundly thankful that slaurice Brownine was thousands of miles away across the blue water out of the reach of harm. .-The day wore slowly on. It was dusk be fore D:ris saw her husbhad again-then be come quielly Intot the drawinig-room where she sat. His face was lilke a white mask she could tell nothing by it. Hlie threw him self into a chair and sat looking at her with curious intentness. ' I fedl o'at of sorts to-night; 1 wish you would sing me something, Doris,' be said at leneth. She did so, selecting his favourite songs. She understood at once it was his policy to make no further reference to the conversation of the morning. But why P Was it because he distrusted her more than ever, and hoped to penetrate the secrets ot her heart all the more effect. uallv by makine a faire show of forbearance? IPresently Kitty brought in the lights. The gir's face wore a warning look as she nassed her mistress, and suddenly a foldedt scrap of paper fell into Doris's lap. A note I Who could have sent it ? Mrs. Jerome thrilled all over, growing hot and cold as a sudden suspicion crossed her mind She rose at length, weak and unnerved, and slipped awav to read it, her husband's eyes following her with a very strange expression as she left the room. The note only contained these words: 'CortE to me in thi garden. I must see you, if only for five minutes. ' MAURIcEe BOWoNINO.' Poor Doris leaned against the wall, giddy and sick. For somre tseionds she could scarcely comprehend the alarming thuth that Maurice was back eiinr' at .her very door, waiting to see her. .-er heart almost stood still with terror. ' He must go away-at once,' she thought. "he little dreams what a fearful risk he runs in coining here.' Gone was all thought of maidenly reserve at the prospect ui such a meeting. Every feeling of dread or reluctance was 'nerged in tb that terrible solicitude for MIaurice's safety that took possession of her mind. He was in danger, and for that reason she dared not remain away. Throwing alight scarf over her head, she left the house. It was early yet; the moon had not risen. After walking on at random a few yards, she saw a dark figure, emerge suddenly from a. clump of evergreens, and Maurice cautht her in his arms. ' Is it you, Doris ?' be almost panted. ' Do I really see you atnain ?' She made ant effort to break away from the smothering embrace in which she was held. ' Hush ! Oh, Maurice, why did you ever come here ? I hoped you were many, many miles away.' 'Did you derive any comfort from that thought?' heasharply demanded, not under standing her in the least. 'Yes! Maurice, listen to me. You are not safe a moment while you linger here. It was only to wirn you of your danger that I came.' He leaned forward, trying to look into her eyes. ' Danger?' he repeated. ' Yes. Oh, why will you not comprehend ? I implore you to go at once. There will be murder done if my husband find you here. Do go.' He could not help being touched by the pathetic pleading of that prayer. 'But there is something I: wish to say to you, Doris,' he urged. . 'I crossed the water for no other purpose. A letter might have miscarried, or fallen into the wrong 'hands. Give me a few moments of your time and I will swear I will go away, never to see you again. Just then both beard the sound of a window being gently raised. Doris looked up with a start. Her husband stood on the sill a moment;, then stepped slowly out. He was coming towards them. " Fly !' she panted. 'There is not a moment to be lost,' A smothered exclamation of disappoint ment broke from the young man's lips. He' hesitated.' 'What I have to say concerns Duncan Jerome. It is something you 'ought to know. How can.I go without having told you' ' Too late ! For God's sake do not let him find you here.' Trhat slow, firm step was coming nearer and nearer. Doris felt as though every foot 'fall crushed her heart. She lifted her clasped hands in agonising appeal. The mute prayer was more than Maurice could with stand.. 'I must see y.u again,' he whispered. To morrow night at ten. Where shall it.be ' ' There's an old mill on the cliff,' she an answered. 'You will be able to find it readily. Come there.' 'I will.' He kissed her cold hand,'and the next in stant had glided noiselessly away in the darkness, None too soon. While Doris stood motionless, with heaving breast, her husband paused beside her. She could see the intense glitter of his eyes, even in the darkness. ' You have strange fancies, my dear,' he said, with one of his mirthless laughs. SWho else would ever dream of wandering here alope at this hour ?' Doris drew a deep breath. Would he speak like' that if be had seen or heard any thing amiss? 'I am ready to go in,' she said, with a little shiver. 'I feel chilled- the dew is falling.' Duncan Jerome led her into the warmed and lighted room. Alterwards be stood for a long time leaning against the carved mantel piece, talking to her in the singular, erratic, way he had-at one moment brilliantly gay, the next plunged apparently in the gloomy depths of despondency. His variable moods had never distressed the poor wile as they did that night. She bad never beheld him so brilliant-or so sullen. His wild laugh almost deafened her -bis scowlstruck terror to.her heart. The transitions followed each other in rapid suc. cession. 'He must be mad,' she said to herself, shudleringly. 'I believe he keeps me here just to torture me.' It was midnight before she ventured to retire. Sleep was out of the question. She walked the floor until dawn, ever and anon breaking into sobs of misery and terror. 'What will be the end?' she muttered, miserably. 'Ohl my father, you made a terrible mistake when you comnpelled me to marry.a manI do not, cannot, love 1' The time had gorie by for unavailing regrets. Nothing remained save to take up submissively the burden of life. Her father was dead-he had perished in a railway acci dent precisely four weeks subsequent to the wedding-day, before realising any portion of the price for which he had sold her. Mr. Jcrome was now the only protector she had in the world. ' I wish to love him-to forget everybody else,' sighed the poor soul. But how is it possible, since the only emotions he inspires are terror and disgust ?' At any rate shewould see Maurice Brown ing no more after that one meeting. She was a wife and had no right even to think if him. It was a pity he had ever come back. The day that followed seemed alnost interminable to Doris. She felt restless and nervous-weighed down by nameklss fore bodings. It was a relief to see the shades of nright gather at last, though her heart shrank at the thought of the coming interview, and she feared it might be rmpossible to shp away unobserved. She was also cdonscious of a vague feeling of curiosity. Maurice had said the disclosure he wished to make concerned her husband In what way ? What discovery had he made that he was so anxious to make known to her ? It was strange, incomprehensible, to say the least. The first part of the evening Mr. Jerome tat with Doris in the drawingrooru, lie scarcely spoke, but seemed wholly absorbed in the evening papers that had been brought in. At half-past nine he rose and took a lam: from the table. ' Pray excuse me,, he said. ' I have letters to write that will keep see busy until after midr.ight. Adieu.' Dorts raised her eyes and caught a momen tory gihmpse of his face ere it disappeared. It wore an expression that startled her, though she would have found it impossible to analyse it. Nothing now stood in the way of the contemplated meeting. Doris waited a few momen:s, then hurriedly got ready to go out. A glare of light streamed from the library window as she went past; and she paused to look in. Duncan Jerome had not deceived her. She saw him at the far end of the room bend log over the desk, writing rapidly. Doris's dcouragse rose. turning away she resumed her journey with a firmerstep. The grounds were dark and still, only the sighing orerze rustl.:d the drooping branches of the trees. A few light,' fleecy clouds went scud ding across the sky like fairy boats in a sea of azure. Suddenly the old mill loomed up before her, built on she very verge of a dizzy preci pice. The door stood wide open; and hearing someone moving about in tile upper room che entered and climbed the rickety.stairs. Just then there came a flare of light, and Maurice Browamng stood before her,. holding a lantern in his hand. You are come, Doris?' he said, breathing a sigh of satisfaction. ' It is well. Sit here on this broken bench. It is 'tbe only seat the place aftords.' She sank down, trembling -and unnerved. 'I dare not remain longer than five minutes,' she panted. ' My husband might miss me at any moment. What is it you have to say to me ?' He came nearer and clasped her slender hand . 'Is it possible, Doris, that you have ceased to love me? . She made aguesture of impatience, ' It would be worse than folli for you and me to speak. of love. We .part to.night,' never to meet again.' 'My God I How willing you are to give me up.' 'Is it not better so ?' He could not see how she .writhed and trembled as she spoke. 'Perhaps so,' be answered. 'Heaven knows I would not make you unhappy by a single word of reproach that could be avoided. You have chosen riches before -love, and I hope you will never have occasion ,to regret the choice.' 'Is it all you have to say to me ?' 'No. Be patient a moment Of course you are aware that Duncan Jerome spent most of his life before you: married binsim abroad ?' She bowed. 'A few weeks since I happened to be so journing in one of the places ,where.he used to reside. Everybody remembered him- well Doris, I heard some very strange stories con cerning him' She started impulsively to her feet. SNo matter. I have no desire to learn what. they are. " I am his wife,--if there has been any evil in his past life I would pot be told.' ' But--' ' The subject is one I cannot 'discuss,'she haughtily interrupted. ' I have noy duty as a wife to remember. It was a mistake to con sent to meet you at all, but consent. was wrung from me in a moment of terror. Let us part without further words.' - She moved towards the.staircase,. her face whiter than marble. Maurice Browning did not dream what the effort cost her. ' One moment I' he cried, stretching out his hands in agonis;ng appeal. '.For your own sake, Doris--' .She heard no more. Her feet.were already on the stairs; she slowly descended, and the next instant stood-in the open door below. The sound of heavy breathing suddenly appalled her. She turned with a faint scream. Instinct told her. at once it was Duncan Jerome. While he stood shudder ing with terror'he caught her arm in a vice like grip. SHush !' he whispered, ' Don't make a noise. I heard you leave the, house and followed. It is not safe for you to be wand ering about at night like this Let me take you home.' He drew her forcibly into the path. Doris cast one swift glance up at the windoa over her bead. The light had gone out-all was darkness and silence. Did Duncan know who was there? She could not even conjecture; but a prayer went up from her heart, such as she had never breathed before, that she might be spared the anguish of seeing the two men encounter each other. Suddenly her husband turned, and with two or three swift strides was back at the door again. 'The place should not be left open,' he muttered. 'It might furnish a refuge for tramps or lawless characters.' For two minutes perhaps-they seemed like hours to Doris--be disappeared within the building. She stood with her band pressed upon her beating heart until he came out again. She saw the massive oaken door swing on its hinges and a key clicked sharply in the lock. Maurice was a prisoner ! There was but one window on the lower floor, and she' remem bered noticing a few days before that this was secured by heavy shutters and an iron bar. She dared not utter a word of remonstrance, however. In that case Dunesn would be sure to know if he did not know already. She heard him laughing softly to 'himself as he regained her side. 'Now let us go quickly.' he said. 'The night air is chilly-I feel its effects already.' He set out at a rapid pace but Doris easily kept up with him. Excitement gave her un usual strength. She was anxious to get away from the vicinity as quick as possible. ' I will seud Kitty back ts the mill the mo ment we reach the house.' she thought. ' She will readily find some way to release Maurice.' Suddenly a dull glare lighted up the land scape. She stopped, looked back, and a wild scream of terror broke from her lips. The old mill was on fire; she knew it to be as dry as a tinder-box. Even as she gazed the flames were breaking through the walls and climbing like hissing serpents to the roof. ' MIy God i' she cried. Duncan'Jerome threw up his aims with an exultant laugh. SLet it burn,' he said. ' I am not sorry. It has always been an eyesore. See how the jets of flame leap together and broaden into sheets! Ha, hal Hear the fire roar and crackle ! One would imagine it was dancing with glee! I have not beheld such a pleas ant sight for many a day.' The glow of the burning building was on his face. Despite the anguish and horror she felt, Doris turned involuntarily to look at him. It was like the face of a fiend, If she had doubted whose hand applied the incendiary torch, the horrible truth was clear enough now. He had been absent from her side just long enough for such a deed, With a wild cry she threw herself before him, winding her arms about his knees. 'Mercy I' For God's sake go back and save him,' ' Save whom ?' he repeated, lo:oking down at her with a wicked leer. 'You know. Maurice Browni'g. He is locked in the mill. Quick I Oa, God in Heaven, he will be burnt alive.' The madman spurned her from him with his. foot. 'Curse him I' lie hissed. ' Let the villain burn. A thousand deaths like this would be insnffi:ient to appease the hatred I feel. See, the flames are already bursting frcm the roof. It would be too late to succour him, even though I felt so disposed. By this time all is over-your lover is dead.' Doris half- raised herself, stretched out her arms like one groping in the dark, and fell in sensible. it must have been long past midnight when the wretched girl awakened from that swoon: She found herself lying on the couch in her own pretty chamber, with Kitty's pale, frightened face hanging over her. Just at first she remembered nothing of wrhat had occurred, but, slowly, raising' her bead from the pillow, looked around in deep bewilderment. ' Have I been ill ?' she inqtired. 'It was only a fainting fit, my lady,' the maid replied. 'Don't think of it. You will be better soon.' A heavy step approached from the darkest corner of the chamber. Doris turned with a start. It was her husbaand who paused beside the couch, his pale face convulsed with re morse and anguish. 'My poor child--' he began, but a wild scream cut him short. The sight of her persecutor brought back with startling vividness the scene through which Doris had passed. ' I remember now,' she panted. ' The meeting at the mill-the locked door-the incendiary fire. Oh, my God I She hid her face, rocking backwards and forwards in agony. At length Duncan Jer ome, moved by a strange sort of pity, ventured to draw near, and dropped his hand on her arm. Her plaintive moans cut him to the heart. 'Doris, listen to me,'.he said huskily. 'I have been mad to.night-it runs in my blood. Look at me darling, and say that you forgive me. I could no more help doing what I did than I could stop the sun in its appointed course.' She shook off his hand with a convulsive shudder. 'Forgive you ? Never. You have mur dered an innocent man.' His face grew paler and darker than ever, and a smouldering fire leapt into his eyes. SInnocent ! he repeated. Was it the part of innocence to come here and steal my wife away ?' 'I had met Maurice for the last time.' ' But you loved himnt; he cried, his voice rising almost to a sbriek. ' The affection de nied me was poured upon that man in un stinted measure. That thought turned my brain. I heard you make the appointment for this evening, and had everything in readi ness at the old mill. I had made up my mind Maurice Brodnlag should never leave it alive. If this plan had failed I carried a revolver hidden away in the breast pocket of my coat, and I am counted a dead shot.' Doris was horrified. She raised her head, but could not bear to look at him. After a moment's silence he added, in a changed voice: 'It is useless to speak of it any more. What has passed can never be undone. Let us forget it, Doris. We are husband and wife-we ought to stand by each other through thick and thin. Your old love can not come between us any more. He is dead. Knowing this you will by-and-bye come to love me with the same idolatrous affection 1 have bestowed on you.' It was horrible-such reasoning as only a madman could have used. Doris saw him bending towards her with outstretched arm. A wild shriek of terror broke from her lips, and flinging herself against the wall as far as possible, she buried her face in the bed clothes. Kitty now came to her mistress's relief. She had stood by drinking in every word, stunned and speechless. 'Do you mean to kill'my poor lady too?' she cried, pushing Duncan aside. 'Go at once-leave her to my care. You have frightened her into convulsions already.' The man hesitated, but another glance at the shuddering figure on the couch decided him. He left the room without a word. For nearly a week after Doris kept her room. She was riot really ill, but would lie all day long listless and apathetic, seldom speaking or brightening into any show of interest concerning what transpired around her. She was passing through deep waters, such as try the very soul. The faithful Kitty kept watch and ward beside h'er mistress's couch, and would suffer no one, not even a fellow.servant, to enter the chamber. It had been Doris's request. 'Don't be afraid, my lady,' said the girl. 'You shall be kept as quiet as you wish. No one would dare to annoy you while I am here.' At last there came a day when Doris after an unusually restless night, rose from her couch, and for tihe first time since that memorable night begged to be dressed. Arrayed in a loose while dressing gown, she looked so haggard and wan, so like a broken lily, that Kitty's heart bled afresh. 'Be sure the way is clear,'.Doris said, 'then take me to the east chamber.' The girl obeyed, vaguely wondering at the request; but she understood all the moment they entered together the room in question, which lay just across the hall. Doris dropped her arm and moved hastily to the window which looked out upon the bluff where the old mill had stood. Nothing now remained of it save a heap of charred and blackened ruins. Doris gazed a moment, then threw her arms about the girl's neck with a burst of bitter sobs. ' It is his grave, Kitty,' she gasped. ' I felt ihat I must see it again, Obh! how dreadful.' : 'Don't think of it, my lady. You will go mad if you do.' 'How can I help it ? I think of nothing else. I even dream of it. Why did not God let me perish with. him?' The paroxysm soon passed ; she relapsed into her old listless, apathetic manner. Poor Kitty scarcely knew which distressed her most--the outburst or the indifference that succeeded it. The next day Doris was sitting motionless beside the tiny fire that bad been kindled in the grate, for she was always..cold and sbivering now, when the sound of voices outside caused her to raise her eyes. 'Who is it, Kitty ?' she said,s as the girl entered, looking flushed and excited. ' Mr. J:rome, my lady. He comes every day begging and pleading that he may see you, bhis time I could scarcely keep him away.s Doris drew a deep breath. *'You may admit him, Kitty,' she said, quietly, after a pause. ' My lady-, " An impatient gesture silenced the remon stranes, Kitty moved reluctantly to the :losed door, threw it open, and said some thing in no very gracious tone t.f voice. A moment later Duncan ?erome came with slow, heavy steps into the roomt. He stood before Doris's chair; aud held out his arms imploringly. ' Have you forgiven me, darling?' She shrank with a shudder from the proffered embrace. ' Sit down,' she said, huskily. ' I have somrthing to say to you, It might as well be now as later.' lie sank silently in a chair. Some seconds elapsed before Doris could bring herself to look at him. When she did she was horrified at the change a few short days had wrought in his appearance. He was haggard, wild eyed, and looked at least a dozen sears older, 'I have pondered deeply the strange position in which we have been placed,' she resumed, at length. ' Nothing like it was ever known before. I have asked God to direct me in this emergency, and it is your right to know the decision to which I have come.' He started; every word fell like lead.on his heart. 'Her calm, cold tone told hina clearly enough there was nothing to expect. ' Oh, Doris ! he exclaimed. She put up an impatient hand. ' It is useless to discuss this matter.. I went to. that fatal meeting, resolved to send Maurice away, and be a good true wife to you. That is now impossible. I should not live a month if compelled to pass the time in your society. The only emotions you anre now cat.able of inspiring in my breast are those of horror and disgust.' He grew paler, and heavy beads 'of pers piration came out upon his torehead. ' I have decided to spare you the shame of pubhicly exposing your crime and bringing you to punishment,' she went on, ' but that i. the o:ly core scion you need expect As soon as my health is sufficiently restored I shall leave your house never to return. Let us part quietly and decently, since parting is inevitable.' He flung himself down beside her with a terrible cry and attempted to take her bands. 'Doris! darling i you do n.'t mean it? It was my love for you that took away my reason that dreadful night. You will not drive me away ?' She shudderingly repulsed him. . 'Go,' she panted. ' There is no more to be said. ' Nothing, nothing can change my re solution.' 'Great God ! This is worse than all the rest !' He rose slowly, and with a long look into her face, as though seeking to read all her meaning there, staggered to the door. Later in the day, when the girl Kitty went below to perform some unimportant errand for her mistress, she found him moodily pac ing the lower hall. He looked at her a moment and came nearer. 'Tell Doris it shall be as she wishes,' he said, speaking with an effort. ' But it is I who will go away This place has become hateful to me-I wish to leave it. I shall settle it upon my wife, with an income sufficient to keep it up, and she can make her home here as long as she pleases.' Kitty stared. What was the meaning of this concession ? ' Is this all?' she ventured. 'Yes. Convey the message to your mistress at once.' The girl obeyed. Doris listened in silence, a low sigh escaping her lips. What did it mat ter? All places were alike to her now. That nrght it became known to the wonder ing servants that Mr. Jerome had left the house and taken up his abode at the hotel, half a mile away. Not one of their number save Kitty-suspected the tragedy that had caused the removal, however. Two or three days wore on, and finally the girl, who was very observing, said to her mis. tress: ' Do you know, my lady, that Mr. Jerome returns every night, and wanders about the grounds until morning ?' Doris started. No, she had not been aware of the fact. SWhy does le do that ? she said, quickly. 'Of course I cannot tell. It may be re morse, or onty 'a desire to be near you, my lady. In either case I wish he would keep away.' That very night she and Doris were alone together when a heavy, staggering step came up the stairs, and Duncan Jerome appeared in the open door. He was pale as death, and' his forehead was covered with clammy drops. I-I-have seen a ghost !' he gasped. 'Your murdered lover cannot rest in his grave, but has come back to haunt me.' The book Doris had been reading fell un heeded to the floor. 'What I' she cried, starting up with her hand pressed tightly upon her heart. 'What did you say ? Maurice back again ?"'. . 'Yes. I saw him last evening. and again to- night. He was standing on the wall underneath your window. I saw his face distinctly. It must have been a spirit.' He took two or three steps-into the room, then stopped short and struck his hand against his forehead. 'I'm getting wild again. Forgive me for coming here. I could not help it after what I saw. This is too much. I had enough to bear already. No wonder my brain is turned. Keepl him away, Doris-you alone can do it. He will listen to you. For God's sake, keep him away i The last words were uttered in a wild shriek, and darting through the door he disappeared. Mistress and maid stood looking at each other a moment with pallid laces. The same dreadful thought was in the mind of each. ' He is mad indeed,' Doris said, 'at length, with an effort. 'We ought to follow him, Kitty. He might harm himself.' Even as she spoke the loud report, of a pistol reverberated through the house, Cling ing convulsively to Kitty's arm, she rushed down the corridor. Instinct guided her steps. On reaching the library, where Duncan Jeronie always preferred to sit, she found all the lamps ablaze and her husband lying on the floor, shot through the temple, ad awful look of horror in his glazed, wide-open eyes. He bad perished by his own hand. Somne time during the next day Kitty entered hastily the darkened chamber vwhere Doris sat, stunned and prostrated by the terrible events that have been recorded. The girl's face wore a very strange expression. ' My dear lady,' she said, in a trembling voice, 'are you strong enough to hear good news ?' * What is it, Kitty? You can tell me. SDon't give way then. It was no ghost my poor master saw that night, but--' Doris sprang up with a faint scream. ' No ghost! What then?' SWe have all been labouring under a delu sion, my lady. Maurice Browning is not dead, but--' She could go no further. At this moment the door sewung open, and Maurice himself, pallid, thin and hollow eyed, sprang into the room and cauuht Doris in his arms. Explanations caine later, when the joy of the reunion had passed its first transports, and both were somewhat calmer. 'I escaped from the burning building almost by a miracle,' Maurice said. The first intimation I hbad of the peril that menaced me was the smell of smoke and the crackling of flames near at hand. On opening the door at the head of the stairs I discovtred that the whole loner story of the mill was one sea of fire. ' Escape in that direction was out of the question. The room had but one window, and that looked out upon the precipitous descent below. There was no time to lose. Fortunately a long coil of rope lay near at hand. ' Securing one end of it to a convenient timber, and knotting the other about my waist, 1 tore out the sash and sprang over the sill, letting myself down hand over hand. The rope soon gave out. I found myself swinging in what seemed like a bottom less abyss. I cannot describe the horrible sensation experienced at that - moment. Soddenly a sheet of flame shot out over my head cutting the rope like a knife. 'I fell a distance ot many feet, but fortu nately struck in the water. I had sense enough left to try and save myself by swim ming. The banks were steep and slipperyhow ever, and I had drifted a long distance with the current before I succeeded in extricating myself from my perilous situation. " The but of a fishermtan afforded the only shelter to be had, and there I sought repose Exposure and fright bad mademe ill, however, and for many days I lay at death's door, un able to communicate with my friends or let you know of my continued existence.' Of course Doris understood it was Maurice himself Duncan had seen and taken for a ghost. Later the young man spoke of the errand that had I rought him home so suddenly from foreign lands.. ' You refused to hear what I had to dis close that night at the, mill,' he said, ' but now there is no reason why I should not speak. Duncan Jerome bore a very bad name abroad. .Some even went so far as to call him mad. He r. arried an Italian girl and killed her, so report says, in a fit of jealous frenzy. 'Of course I became alarmed for your safety the moment I heard this, and felt it my duty to give you timely warning. Doris, Doris, why did you refuse to hear me ?' Why, indeed I It seemed as though from first to last they had been puppets in the hands of fate. Their evil days were over, however, Maurice spent another year abroad, and shortly after his return they were married. (cONCLUSION.) 