[USIS AHD 1BAM&, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Arnold left Sydney by the Thcrraopylm for South Africa on July 2G. It was in 18o9—36 years hgo—that Paiti made her first appearance in opera in New York. Mr. J. C. Williamson is said to have pur* chased the rights of a ucw American play, M Old Kentucky," for Aostrafia. Tho Toowoomba Choral Union gave q very successful prodnction of Gilbert and Sullivan's opera, "The Pirates of Peuzanee," on Thurs day WCCk. Melbourne Telle Tali says: The two last songs that "Violet Varlcy learnt, within a few , weeks of her death, were '* Till All Eternity," ! and 11 Angels Ever Bright and Fair." Miss Ada Crosriey is reported to have been engaged by Mr. Hamsoc, the agent of Madame Adelica Patti, to accompany tho latter on her December tour of twclvo concerts. Miss ELrio Cameron, the well-known con tralto, has (according to Melbourne Tulle Tali) gone to Fiji for a few week*, bo as to avoid tho severity of the present winter. Miss Cameron returns to McRwurnc in September Neat year will probably sec at Covent Gar den a new opera from tho pen of Sir A. C. Mackenzie. Also next, or, perhaps, more probably the following rear, a new opera br Mr. Cowen. Sir Augustus Uams arranged for Signora Dusc. in consequence of her success ut Druiy Lane, to givo ten performances at tho Savor Theatre. ..She was to play in "Masda, " CavalleriuRusricana," and "LaLocandiera," and " La Dame aax Cornelias." A writer in tho Ittruiug has unearthed a corious piece of musical' criticism from the Atheuattm of ISol.- The writer — it wah doabt H. F. Charley—writes of Adeltaa Patti's debut that her voice was "developed to the utmost, if not already fatigued," and that "a blind man might imagine himself to be 1 listening to a ringer past her prime." ! Tin: Daily Chroulclc says that Mr. Beerbohm : Tree ha6 accepted a new and original four-act modern play, "The ligoiwt," by Alicia Ramsey and Rudolph do Cordova, f«r produc tion at the Huynurlet. Also that Mr. Forhra Robertson has accepted au original one-act play of fantastic interest. " The Vigil of Sieur Ercildonne," by Alicia Ramsey. Spanish actors are an overworked class. The strolling players' day is from 10 hi the morn ing till 1 o'clock (after inidnScht}, when the ; curtain is finally rung down. The play begina j at 9, and runs four hourj. The first" call" fa ' at 10, and, with n break of a few minutes for ' refreshments, they ran on with the thing in i hand and "coming attractions" till 5 or 6 in the evening. Miss May Yoke (Lady Francis Hope} Is going to revisit America. Slia has signed with Mr. Frank Sanger, theatrical manager of New York, to appear in that city, and subsequently to tour in the States for a period altogether of 12 mouths. Miss Mar Yohe has become 60 popular in London that her departure will leave a very definite void in the sphere of light entertainments. Mr Charlie Taylor, the popular comedian, i9 progressing well towards recovery, although tho cold weather has a retarding effect. Mel bourne Tulle Tali says Mr. Taylor has had a bad spell of sickness tlvat has proved more than usually unprofitable, us Mr. Bland Holt had engaged liirn to play a comedy part in one of his pieces. This arrangement was unset through Mr. Taylor's illness. Sarah Bernhardt*** long waits between the acts, which delayed the close of her first per formance of "Gismonda'Mn London until half an hour after midnight, were an unpleasant re velation to that portion of the British public that sits up aloft. It was very philosophic, however, and enlivened tho entr'actes by sing ing "God Save tho Queen," "Auld Lang Syne," and "We Won't Go Home *37111 Morning." Thus the Li tits:t ^ttsiraltsUu: — 3Fm~« Puttie Browne goes to Drary Lane in the antumn to complete her engagement with Sir Augustus Harris which was* interrupted by her illness. Mr. Lion Boueicaalt, who came to uiarry Pattic Browne a few months bach, and who returned without his bride owing to busi ness reasons, is still the fianceo of the winsome foubrctte, and the marriage will doubtless take place in Australia next year." Every week (says a theatrical manager) every great theatre rejects from 25 to 100 manu- | scripts. Pake the season at 25 weeks only, end I the average at only 25 manrecripts weekly. This I gives, to one theatre, 625 manuscripts. Multiply' by 10 for the important theatres, and we have ; over 6,000 rejected manuscripts in America i alone, not to speak of Europe and Australia, India, Asa, and Africa. " Never into erening | wore the morning," hut dozens of manuscripts ' were rejected. \ There has been produced in New Tork a j burlesque entitled "Hamlet IL," by Mr. Gratlan Donnelly. The author's leading idea appears to be to turn Shakespeare's text into American slang, as—Hamlet: "Oh my pro phetic soul! My east-side uncle." Ghost: 'That was the chump that done me." Tho duty of Miss Kate Da vies was to represent tho Queen as "drunk and incapable." Mr. Hen ley is reported to have appeared ashamed of bis part of Hamlet, whereby it is stated that be ".won the sympathy of the audience." Under the beading "Musical and Rhetorical Smith*," u home paper says: "At a concert within 15 Itcld in a village within 15 miles of Newcastle a most curious incident occurred recently. Tho programme, with one exception, was composed of persons named Smith. Tho following is h copy of the programme: Hymn," Miss Smith »yiug; prayer, Mrs, Smith, recitation, ilia Gladys Smith; recitation, Master Frcd Smith ; * speech, which Mr. J. Sinith was asked to deliver, hat which was given bj Mrs. Smith in his unavoidable absence; pianoforte solo, Mr. F. Smith; recitation, Hiss Gladys Smith ; hymn, Misa Smith ; and benediction. _ Mr. Smith. These represented fear different £ami lice." Mb® Janet Achurch is said to have been en* gaged by Mr. Minefield to he his leading lady* in un American tonr. But in her contract there was snzuothing about her creating tho fcmnle role in a play then being written for Mr. Mansfield, and when ho refused the play, an unpleasantness aixwo between them, lieu Mr.Mansfield offered her saveral unimportant or dear-old-lady parts, and Miss Achurch refused to make hrr American debut in any or them. Now she is figuring on taking Uoyt'ts theatre in New York on her own account, and making her American debut in her own choice of a character. Mrs. Wallace, widow of the famous com poser, Vincent Wallace, is now past SO, and is, unfortunately, in a poor way of doing. Jfer Hon, Mr. W. Vincent Wallace, aged 61, is also living in London, and U also very poor. Old colonial hands £aya Colonics au& Ixdut), jkit ticulaily Australians, will no doubt be glad to bear that a movement is about to ha organised with a view to doing something for the widow end son of the immortal composer of '? Mon tana." Vincent Wallace lircd for many year* in Sydney in the old days when imperial regi ments were quartered at Faddington, and most of his. bcit composing work was done in tho congenial atmosphere of Fort Jackson. 