THE BISHOP OF PERTH. IN THE ENTHRONISATION. THE LUNCHEON. , THE SESSION OF SYNOD. FESTIVAL EVENSONG. The enthronisation of the Rt. Rev. Charles Owen Leaver Riley, the new Anglican Bishop of the diocese of Perth, took place yesterday morning in St. George's Cathedral. The word used to denote the installation of the Bishop into his see awakened some audacity in the minds of many, and perhaps a not the least among those were the men who " remembered how on that Sunday in May of 1877, when the late Bishop Parry eat for the first-time in the chair previously filled by Dr. Hale. The ceremony was then styled an " induction." Upon that occasion the term used was merely that which signifies the putting of a clergyman appointed to a parish into legal possession of the church and its temporalities. The service upon that occasion was a comparatively simple one. The ceremony, which took place during Morning Prayer, lasted but a short time, and though, in honour of the occasion, the service was choral, it possessed few, if any, of the features which rendered the ceremony yesterday sd imposing. It may also be pointed out that it took place in the old Cathedral, the building which, hallowed though it was to the older generations, was plain and unpretentious in appearance. Yesterday the ceremony was a different one. It aimed at more than placing the chief pastor of the Anglican Church into possession of his church and its temporality. The new occupant was then solemnly invested with all the functions of his pastoral office, and it was this solemn investiture, which took place amid all the pomp and circumstance lent by the presence of a numerous body of clergy, a large choir, and a full choral service, in the edifice which has been raised by the Anglican denomination for their Cathedral. The ceremony was were used by a large congregation gathered from all denominations in the city, and among those pre eat were to be seen His Excellency the Governor, the Acting-Premier 2 Mr. S. Burt, Q.C ), and the Minister for 'Mines (Mr. E. H. Wiianoom, M.L.A ), the President of the Legislative Concil (Sir George Shenton), and several other members of the Legislature, and other leading members of the community. The ceremony was a very long one, lasting, together with the Holy Communion, which followed, nearly two hours. At the conclusion of the service, the Bishop and the clergy were photographed, as was also the interior of the Cathedral. Shortly afterwards, ft luncheon was held in the Mechanics' Hall, which was numerously attended. There Dr. Riley met the officers of the church, and several speeches were delivered, among the speakers being the Bishop, Dean Goldsmith, and the Acting-Premier. At four o'clook in the afternoon, a short session of the Synod was held in the Cathedral Schoolroom, when the Bishop delivered an address to the members of the Synod, and was welcomed by them to the Presidential Chair. At 8 p.m. festival Evensong took place in the Cathedral, noon which occasion the Bishop preached his first sermon in Perth, and his second in the diocese, the first having been delivered in Albany. Dr. Riley in the Third Bishop of? Perth. c The diocese was founded in the year 1856, and the city was constituted the episcopal see. 'f The Bishop designate of Perth, Archdeacon 'Hale, arrived the same yes and was shortly afterwards installed in his office. This he held till the end of 1875, when he left for Queensland, and some ten months later, in 1876, the late Dr. Parry was appointed to succeed Bishop Hale. Bishop Parry arrived in May, 1877, and on the Sunday following his arrival was inducted into the bishopric. From that time he con S" tinned head of the diocese till his death, ~ ; which took place in the middle of November, "2 1893. By the decision of the Anglican Synod of the diocese the nomination of his successor r -was delegated to the Bishops of Durham, r Manchester, and Southwell. The reason for the selection of the particular bishops, no doubt, being to combine with the wide theological learning and sound judgment of Dr. Westcott, the practical experience of the oil seeds of colonial churches of Dr. Moorooka a t> with the keen insight into character of Dr. ""'Bidding, late headmaster of Winchester College, who also brought to the counsels of his colleagues the benefits of close intimacy ^ with, and confidence of the late Bishop of t> Perth. The selection of Dr. Riley, it is con~- sidered by those who know him in England, fully justifies the decision of the Synod, j>_9M\ the diocese of Perth is, it has been stated, to be congratulated on gaining an :., able find energetic administrator, of wide ? parochial expediency, of sound churchmanship, Vast pulpit and platform ability, and of pleasing personal presence He was consecrated Bishop of this diocese on St. Luke a Day, the ^ 18th of October last The consecration took a place in Westminster Abbey, and was por ~f formed by the Archbishop of Canterbury and t a number of bishops. The, following are the some particulars of Dr. Riley's Career. Born in 1855, Dr. Riley is the son of a a clergyman, formerly Vicar of Knutsford, 4 Cheshire, and was educated at Gonville and Caius College. Cambridge, where he graduated in 1878, passing as sixth senior optime in the mathematical tripos, being also scholar of his college. He took his M. A. degree in 1881. He was ordained deacon in 1878 and priest in it 1879 by the Bishop of Ripon, his first curacy ' being as Burley, in Yorkshire, moving Irm there in 1880 to Holy laity, Bradford, and in 1882 to that of the parish church of Lancaster. In 1885 he was appointed to the charge of the populous parish of St. Paul, Preston, with upwards of 10,000 souls receiving in the following year the chips fly of the Infirmary and the pot of Su roads for the diocese. He was also as his chaplain to the 5th Lancashire Artillery Volant ers Some idea of the parochial organisation of which he was for years the gain mg head, may be gathered from the Iel owing fee 3. In addition to the parish church of St Paul, Which provides seating accommodation for 1200, Dr. R«eyan3 his two contes had to serve the Mission Church of St Jude; to maintain a Sunday school in, numbers every Sunday afternoon u¿>wo*3s of 1,000 scholars, with a band of some 35 or more each re. The services at the church have been numerous daily matins and evensong with v sermons on Wednesday evenings, Holy Com mutton call Saints' Day and two or v more every Sunday morning. On the eve "'Sunday in May, two days after the confirms , son, at which the candidates were presented to the Bishop, the Vicar was gladdened at the presence of no less than 300 communicants at the 7 o'clock service, being the largest number at any one celebration. Branches of the Church of England Temperance Society, Band of Hope, and of the Girls' Friendly Society are actively working in the parish, and the support of foreign missions forms a prominent feature of the parochial organisation. A reference to the Parish Year Book for 1893 mentions him as treasurer and secretary of the S.P.C.E. Among the objects supported by the offertories are both the great missionary societies (S.P.G. and C.M.S ), missions to the Jews, National Society, Temperance Society, Additional Curates, Lifeboat Institution, Soldiers' Institute, in addition to the societies directly connected with the Manchester diocese. The full and complete records of every organisation in his parish testify to his business capacity. The number of baptisms during the year is put down at 216 and the number of sermons and addresses at 339. Or. Riley has shown his practical sympathy with the many- sided life of the Church, and on more than one occasion has accompanied parties of emigrants across the Atlantic when start- ing for their home in the new world. A an instance of the cordial esteem enter tained by the people for their pastor we may mention that when a few years ago he was offered the more attractive living of Poulton le-Sands, ha only refused on account of the urgent an i pressing representation? of his people. Dr. Riley married Elizabeth, daughter of the late Dr. Merriman, of Knutsford, and niece of the late Bishop Merriman of Grahamstown, by whom he has five children. The Bishop left England for this colony early last month, and arrived at Albany on Saturday. He reached Perth the following Monday, and received an address of welcome from the Diocesan Council. A service of thanksgiving for his safe arrival was held in the Cathedral the same day. THE ENTHBONISATION. The services of the day were-three in number. There was an early celebration of the Holy Communion, which was well attended. The enthrooisatlon, which formed the second service took place at 11 a.m. Half an hour before that time the Eastern door of St. George's Cathedral was opened, and the seat holders who had obtained tickets were admitted to their seats, A goodly number arrived during the quarter of an hour allotted to them, and in the meantime a large gathering assembled outside the Cathedral. At a quarter to eleven, the doors of the building were thrown open and the people entered, and by the time they had taken their seats, there was a very large congregation present. In the meantime arrangements were made for forming a procession of clergy and laity at the Cathedral Schoolroom. The Rev. F. J. Price acted as marshal for the clergy, and Mr. J. Talbot Hobbs for the laity. As the clock struck the hour tan Bishop arrived at the west di or of the Cathedral and was there met by the Very Rev. F. Goldsmith, Dean of Perth, the Ven. D. G. Watkins, Archdeacon of Perth, the Canons of the Cathedral (Canons Brown, Sweeting, Louob, Croser, and Williams), the clergy, choir, lay members of the Synod, and the Churchwardens and Vestry of the Parish. The Bishop exhibited the document testify- ing to his due consecration. The procession was then formed in the following order Salesmen of District Churches. Vestrymen of other Parishes. Cathedral Vestry. Lay members of Synod. Diocesan Council. Diocesan Trustees. Church Advo late. Cathedral Churchwardens. The Choir. The Canons. The Archdeacon. The Dean. The Bishop. The Bishop wore his Episcopal convocation robe. This was a scarlet silk cornered or outer robe, over the white crochet. He also wore the scarlet hood of a Doctor of Divinity of Cambridge, and his white stole. As the words "To the Most High and Adorable Trinity be all honour, glory, and power ; world without end, were sung, the procession entered by the west door of the Cathedral in the order given, and slowly marched up the centre aisle chanting Psalm xxii. in unison. Upon reaching the head of the aisle, the laity took the special seats reserved for them in front, and the remaining; members of the procession moved to the entrance to the chancel. The choir took their seats in the stalls, and at the back of thomson the Dean and Canton sides, the clergy sat- The Dean stood in front of the Holy Table, and the Chapter to the right and, left. and the Bishop knelt at the all-steel by the chancel ! stamps. The Princes and the Lord's Prayer were sung, after which the Dean recited the '? following prayers : Grant, we beseech Thee, O Lord, to this ! Thy servant, Charles OwenLeayver^onr Bishop, that in preaching and doing these things ¡ which be right he, by the example of his Godly life, may teach the Bonds of those committed to his care,' and finally receive the reward of Eternal Life from the Great Shepherd of the flock, Jesus Christ orators, who ,' liveth and reigneth with Thee, and, the Holy \ Ghost, ever one God, world without end. Amen." "O Lord God, Father Almighty baby the unspeakable bounty of Thy grace alone, hast appointed,this,Thy servant, Charles Owen Leaver, to rule over by people grant him, we beseech Thee, by the grace of Thy Holy Spirit, fitly to discharge the ministry of the priestly office before Thee, duty to- dispense the Sacraments of the Church, and worthily to govern the flock entrusted to him, to the glory of Thy Holy Name, through. Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." After this, Psalm lxxxix, 30-30, was chanted, and then, the Bishop, having first. proceeded to the sanctuary, Mr T. Sherwood, the Diocesan Treasurer, s landing at the chancel entrance, read the mandate of the Primate of All Australia to the Dean for the installation of the Bishop. The mandate was as follows William Saumarez, by the Divine Permission Bishop of Sydney and Primate off the Dioceses in Australia and Tasmania. To our beloved in Christ the Very; Rev. Frederick Goldsmith, administrator of the diocese of Perth, Western Australia. Greeting: Whereas by resolutions of the Synod of the diocese of Perth the nomination of e, Bishop of the said diocese in place of the Right Rev. Henry Hutton Parry, deceased, was delegated to the Bishops of Durham, Manchester and South well, and where is the fact of such delegation was communicated to the Bishop of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania, and a majority of the said BUhops notified time, in accordance with the rules for the confirmation and consecration of Bishops and for the election of Primates made by the General Synod of the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania on the 25th day of October, 1872, that they approved of the said delegation. And whereas in pursuance of such delegation the Bishops of Durham, Manchester and Southwell did nominate the Rev. Chas. Owen Leaver Riley, M.A., Vicar of St. Paul's, Preston, in the diocese of Manchester, to succeed the Bail Henry Hutton Parry, in the aforesaid bishopric of Perth, as certified by the Administrator of the diocese of Perth. And whereas with the concurrence of the Priate of the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania, the said Charles Owen Leaves Riley was on the 18th Day of October in the year of our Lord, 1894, by virtue and authority of Her Majesty's license or mandate previously had and obtained, consecrated by the Lord Archbishop! of Canterbury, Primate of All England and Metropolitan, certain other Bishops of the Church of England, assisting him. to be a Bishop, the rites, circumstances and ceremonies anciently used in the Church of England being observed and applied according to the form and manner prescribed in the book notified " The form and manner of making, ordaining, and eons<>ora'ing of bishops, priests, and deacons," and whereas Her Majesty's said license or in and a he was obtained by the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury consecrated the said Charles Owen Leaver Riley as herein- before mentioned, with the intent and for the purpose that the said Charles Owen Leaver Riley should exercise his functions within the said see or diocese of Perth, and whereas it is desired that all necessary and proper means shall be taken for the purpose of placing the said Right Rev. Charles Owen Leaver Riley in the possession of the said see or bishopric of Perth, and whereas for the purpose aforesaid, and in order to carry the same into effect it is intended to instil the said Right Rev. Charles Owen Leaver Riley, on the fifth day of February next, in the Cathedral Church of St. George, at Perth, and whereas we have been requested to issue this our mandate in that behalf accordingly: We do therefore hereby command and require you, the said Frederick Goldsmith, to attend at the said charon at 11 of the dock in the forenoon of the said fifth day of February, and then and there daily to instil the said Right Rev. Charles Owen Leaver Riley into the possession of the said Bishopric of Perth, and what you shall do in pursuance of these presents we request you to certify and make known to us as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. Given under our hand and seal of the See of Sydney, which in this behalf is used, this tenth day of January, in the Year of Our Lord 1895, and of our consecration the fif oh. (Signed) Wx. Sz Stbnby, Primita. The Dean then said " In the Name of God. Ames," and conducted the Bishop to the throne, upon which he seated himself, the Dean delivering the following charge to him: in the name of God. Amen. I, Frederick Goldsmith, Dean of Perth, pursuant to the commission just re- cited, do hereby induce the, Charles Owen Leaver, having beenMuly el hotel and consecrated to be Bishop of Perth, into the occupation of the See and Diocese of Perth, do herewith in-tall thee in the possession, authority and jurisdiction, which pertain, or shall hereafter pertain to the Bishop of this See. And the Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth for evermore. Amen." The Bishop then made the following declaration : " I, Charles Owen Leaver, Bishop of Perth, do hereby promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Church and Diocese, and to rule therein with truth, justice, and charity, not lords? it over God's heritage, but showing myself in all things an example to the flock. So help me God. Amen." After this the following prayer was said *. O Lord, we beseech Thee, mercifully hear our prayers, and bestow the grace of Thy blessing on Thy servant. Charles Owen Leaver, our Bishop, whom Thou hast vouchsafed to advance to the High Priesthood, and as he surpasses others in the Church in honour of rank, so may he excel likewise in holiness and good works, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." The singing of the Benedicts followed, and then the prayer: s God, who makes. Thy Church glad with the manifold bounty of Thy gifts, vouchsafe to Thy servant, Charles Owen Leaver, whom Thou hast this day given unto view to bear the glory, to sit and rule upon his throne, and to be a priest upon his throne; establish him with the counsel of peace, that he may be mighty in good works, shining with the grace of holiness and zeal, may worthily and faithfully guide, strengthen, and comfort the flask entrusted to him, and overcoming the world, may with happiness reach the pastures of everlasting life, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." Then turning to the newly enthroned Bishop, the Dean said, "Gbdi Whose grace hath called thee to this office, be thine areA and grant thee thine heart's desire, undue thee with judgment, knowledge, bounty, purity, loveliness, and patience ; stablish.thee in righteousness and holiness, and evermore grant thee His peace, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen " She blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost descend and abide- upon thee now and for evermore. Amen." The Holy Eucharist was then celebrated by the Bishop. The service was full choral and the BeneoMeCws and Agnus Dei were sang by Mr. A. Lefcjb. The collect, epistle and gospel were then appointed for Sr. Simon and St. Jude's Day. A large portion of the congregation ooBsmnnioated, and after the benediction had been pronounced by the Bishop, the-NuneBimittis was sung by the choir, and preserving ended. THE LUNCHEON. Alan cheon was given in the Mechanics' Institute yesterday to welcome the recently arrived prelate. The hall was decked with bunting, and the tables were decorated with flowers. The catering was in the charge of Mr. Farley, and was ably carried out and served by an alert staff of assistants. The Acting- Premier, Mr. S. Bart, GO M.L.A., occupied the chair, the Bishop, being on his ! right. Amongst others present were the Chief Justice (Mr. Onslow), Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Hensman Sa? George Shenton, Mr. E. H. Wittenoom (Minister of Mines), the Mayor of Perth (Mr. A. Forrest, M L A.), Colonel Fleming, the Dean of Perth Archdeacon Watkins, Canon Go over, Canon Williams, Canon Louch, Canon Sweeting, and Canon Brown, as well as many others of the laity and clergy. The luncheon having been concluded the usual loyal toasts followed. The- Chairman then said I My Lord and gentlemen I rise now to give you a toast which I am sure you will drink with the greatest pleasure, and with very much enthusiasm, that of the health of the Right Reverend Dr. Riley, Bishop, of Perth. (Applause.) When the Synod met some fifteen months ago to fill the vacancy in this See, there was some difference of opinion amongst the members of the Synod as to the best means to adopt to that end. But I think it will be admitted and acknowledged now that we acted wisely and noted well in committing the selection of the success- to the late lamented Dr. Parry to the three bishops in England whose choice we have now very much pleasure in meeting in Western Aus- tralia. (Hear, hear.) Bishop Riley comes amongst 03,1 may say, laden with testimonials expressive of affectionate appreciation of those amongst whom he has " laboured elsewhere. We have been made aware through the press of the kind and sympathetic addresses which have been tendered to Dr. Riley on his acceptance of the office of this diocese. He has been made the recipient of very much congratulation on his nomina- tion to the See of Perth, and I am sure that we' desire on this occasion to add our congratulations to those which he received from his friends elsewhere. (Applause.) His Lordship's predecessor will ever be known in this colony at the good Bishop Parry, a man of blameless life, a man of much earnestness and seal and distinguished piety and much energy, and above all a man of very great charity and toleration. (Applause.) These qualities endeared our Bwhcpiapreifcessor to all classes of this community. I believe that we have found in Bishop Riley a worthy successor to Bishop Parry. (Hear, hear.) I trust that the co-operation and support of the clergy and the laity throughout the length and breadth of Western Australia his labours may) be lightened and brightened (Applause) -and that he will never have cause to regret that he left he shores of Old England to cast in his lot amongst us. (Hear, hear.) May our Bishop in the years yet to come be able to look back with the assurance that by his work and his ministry be in be-has added towards the realisation of our- prayer, that by his influence, truth and justice, religion, and piety may be established in this land for all generations. (Applaneet), I ask you now to drink the good health of our good Bishop, and wish him long life and prosperity and every happiness. (Loud applause.) The toast was most cordially honoured. Db. RiLEY, on rising to respond, was greeted with cheers. He said :." Mr. Acting Premier and Gentlemen I daresay you can quite understand that for a man to be made a Bishop and to come out to one of the colonies, and to meet on his first coming into that colony such a gathering as the one I have the honour of seeing before me, is rather overwhelming. It is, at all events, a very great pleasure and a very great honour to be entertained as you have kindly entertained me to-day, in order that you might express to me what, has been already expressed all along the line from Albany to Perth-the hearty good wishes of my fellow churchmen in this diocese. It is no doubt a pleasure to, you, as it is to me, to know that his Excellency the Governor has also been most kind and con- siderate, not only in looking after my comfort all the way from Albany to Perth, but also in extending to me his hospitality at Government House. (Hear, hear.) I cannot express too strongly the thanks both of the Church of England in Western Australia and of myself, for the kindness of his Excellency the Governor. (Applause.) Now, first of all, I should like to ask you to remember that if I do not know you all-I was introduced to so many ladies and gentlemen yesterday that I hardly knew where I was at the end of it if you meet me about the town you will all know me, because I am a little different in height from the Dean and in gaiters, and if you do not know my face you will know the gaiters and so you will know who I am. if I do not know you for a little time you will perhaps remember that it is very difficult having a bishop coming amongst you and of or him to remember a large number of gentlemen in a new colony. So far as I am concerned I do not know what I ought to say to you except to thank you most heartily for the reception. There is, however, this one thing that I congratulate myself upon I was asked to come out to Perth for the Congress of England. I might have been sent to some place which did not belong to our own country and certainly one of the greatest pleasures I have is that although I am so far away from home the old firm? is there in the corner, (applause.) The Acting Premier his kindly expressed the hope that I should have good-hearted. So far as I can see the place contributes to good health, though possibly it may take a little time to get acclimatised to the beautiful san and to the splendid clear sky. There is no doubt that in time one does get accustomed to the beautiful weather, be cause I gee aroona ne (gentlemen who look the picture of health from every possible point of view. I have also to thank his Worship the Mayor of this town for being present to-day. I should like to assure his Worship the Mayor that as I have come here to live as a citizen of this town I intend to take an interest in the-town. I have always done so wherever I have been, and sometimes it must be confessed the authorities have thought I was rather a thorn in their sides when I wanted something done. I do not as why,, being a churchman and a bishop that I have not a duty to perform as a citizen. I did not give up my privileges as a or izen when I became a Bishop. If there in anything I see which I think is not right I give his Worship notice that I shall have something to say entire matter. I do not intend to interfere myself until I have had time to study the constitution of the colony and the constitution of the town ; but if the constitution of the town is as healthy as his Worship seems to bawbees I studied it I will have very little is to say even then, I think. (Laughter.) I will, however, give my opinion of anything which I do notttbinkis right, you may depend upon it, and I shall exercise my rights as a citizen to say what I think (H »-r- hair.) I think Sought to say this, because some people think that the clergy should not taken part in these matters a bit I think it in the duty of the clergymen to take an interest in anything affecting the well-being of the people amongst whom they live It is not only the privilege but the duty of the clergy to take their fare or the burdens. I have only once more to thank you for the kind reception you have given me and to thank the chairman- for the very kind, words he has expressed about me, and also, upon my own behalf; to express the hope that is years t? come when I am at festive gatherings you may be able to say what the Acting- Premier has Bail to-day was not-, a false prophecy. (Loud applause The Dean on Perth proposed "The Chairman' who he was glad was a member of his parish, being possessed of influence and power which he exerted in every legitimate way. for the good of his neighbours and the glory of God. Now they had the new Bishop amongst them it was to be hoped, as Mr. Burt had said, that he would follow in Bishop Parry's steps, and lead-them in the same ways of humility, gentlonesB, peace and truth. He felt sure that the new Bishop would prove a bona of union amongst them. They needed a centre of unity, and the Bishop could be that in a way which no one else could be. He (the Dean) said these words because sometimes they were told there were reasons for being suspicious as. to their fellow churchman and clergy and they were told that their duty was to further the church of the colony in a manner which, perhaps, was very good for them ; it brought them to know that every one did not think they were doing what was right. He did not wish to allude to the matter more distinctly. He trusted that they would follow the example of their worthy chairman, and in word and deed and thought would do all in their power to band together for the glory of God and their own welfare, and that they would feel there was a brotherhood of humanity which brought its responsibilities that could not be ignored. In saying those words he trusted anything like suspicion or mistrust would be far from the hearts of those who called themselves by the proud name of English Churchmen. The toast was duly drank, and responded to by the recipient on the compliment. The Rev. James Allen proposed the health of the Dean of Perth, complimenting him on the earnestness, devotion and zeal he displayed in the administration of the diocese before the appointment of the Bishop. ! The toast having been honoured, - The Dean of Perth responded,; stating that the, duties, he had had to perform Were so numerous that he was not satisfied with the manner in which he had been able to carry them out. But with the assistance of an extra clergyman, who would shortly be appointed in Perth, he hoped to be able to do his duty to the parish in a satisfactory manner. He hoped they would all work with the utmost hinnou'ousnesa and enthusiasm, and support the Bishop in the great work to which he had come. MEETING OF THE SYNOD. The Bishop took the chair at four o'clock. the clergy and laity present were as follows Dean Golds met 1, Archdeacon Watkins, Canons Brown, Swee'ing, Groser, Louch; Revs. B. A. Adams, J. Allen, J. Brand, E. S. Claire, B. Elliott, W. Everingham, T. H. Friel, C. F. Gillen, F. W. Marshall, J. Orchard, T. Phillips, F. J. Priess, E. Williams, and A. M. Hopcraft. The following lay members were also present : Messrs. E. Holbroke, H. Tolharfct. S. S. Parker, H. Anstey, C. W. Fergusson, W. C. Bowra, H E. Reading, A. E. Woodruff, Howard Evans, Geo. W. Glyde, E. W. Haynes, J. Boa, W. Padbury, E. B. Denton, A. D. Eaton, A. F. Durlacher, O. L Haines, H. D. Holmes, F. Spencer, A. E. Burt, J. T. Hobbs, E. K. Courthope, J. F. Stone, H. Sutton, T. Sherwood, W. B. Percy, I. H. Harwood (jnr.), John F. Law, and W. T. Loton. The proceedings were opened with prayer. The Bishop's address.] The Bishop Bai i : My E J over an i Brethren, and my Brethren of the Lady Perhaps you will p grant me on this occasion, the first time I have had the opportunity of speaking to the Synod, to thank first of all the Dean and administrator of the diocese for the kindness and courtesy he has shown me, not only in the correspondence which I had with him when in the Old Country, but since I lauded. Then, I think I could not do less than express in the Synod my thanks, not only for myself, but for every one in the Synod, to His Excellency the Governor, who has so kindly recognised the Bishop of the diocese in the courtesy he has shown to myself. My Reverend Brethren and my Brethren of the Lady In the providence of God I have been called-for surely to be asked to undertake work which one has never sought is a call-I have been called to the high, important and responsible position of a Bishop in the Church of God. To be a Bishop, to be a successor of the very Apostles, to have the oversight of one branch of the Catholic Church, is at once an honour and a heavy burden. To be the Bishop of a diocese such as this, to which the world is looking as a place just about to develop, possibly into one of the great colonies and centres of life in the near future, and where everyone knows that the future of the Church, and as we think, the future of religion, will depend upon the efforts now put forth by the Church-to be a Bishop of such a Church at such a critical time, though the honour by great, yet the burden is so heavy that one may be forgiven for attempting, if it could be done with due regard to duty, to decline the offer. When, however, I pointed out the difficulties to my own Bishop-the Bishop of Manchester, than whom no one knows Australians better-he said, " Don't be afraid of the difficulties. Tea will find plenty of helpers; you will make many friends ; you will always have a hearty welcome. There is a great work to be done, and you ought to be able to do it." All the friends to whom I submitted my difficulty is about undertaking such a work as this said that I ought to accept the offer, and even my own parishioners felt that they had no right to ask me to stay with them when I was called to a higher officer. And so, brethren here I am, easting myself on God's guidance and on your sympathy, to be used by you, I hope, whenever you think I can be of use to be helped by you, not for my sake, or even for the Church's sake, but for the sake of Him who loves man and wishes all men to be saved. I desire first of all to thank you for the warmth of your welcome I shall not soon forget it. If he gives twice who gives quickly, so he gives the most pleasure who sympathises at the right moment. I am but a man, after all, and you can vary well understand what a trial it has been to leave the Old Country, and to sever ties which years have rooted deep in the heart's affections. No men have such chance s, So I think, as the clergy, for making true friends. I don't say that all clergy make use of their opportunities and that all have many friends. We see our people chilly and the time when their hearts are touched either by some great trouble or some great joy, and so we gain admittance to the secret recesses of their heart) The consequence is that when a Vicar leaves a parish or town such as I have left, be his to p rt with a very large number of personal friends, and though my people, which the kindness of heart which characterises the men and women of Lancashire, did everything: they possibly could to make the parting as easy as possible, yet even the very kindness which they displayed made it all the harder to come away. They loaded me with presents and presentations and hearty good wishes, and I know that now there are hundreds of faithful Christians who do not forget to pray for God's blessing upon this diocese. You will bear with me for thinking of the people whom I have left behind, for few vicars had better churchwardens and sidesmen, or heartier choirs, or more efficient teachers, or larger congregations no one had more generous people than I had. The great feature in the parish was the zeal for missionary work, and that I believe to have been the real secret of the success of the other work in the parish. I have told you this no that you may under- stand! my delay in coming out here. I could not leave my people one day earlier without very great inconvenience to the parish, and as I came out without having one day's rest or without having time to see all my personal friends, you will, I hope, be generous enough to forgive me. You will not expect me to say anything to you about the diocese. It would be very wrong on my part if I did so I must find out for myself the needs, the necessities, and the difficulties ; the encourage- ments, the hopes and the fears, and then I shall be able to say something that may have in it some interest, and some useful advice and help. This, however, I can say, that the diocese has had the advantage of two good i and holy men to rule over it, both of whom have left their mark behind them. From all I have heard of B shr>p Parry it may be said and, alas I of how few of as can it be said a she was a " good" man. It seams that the diocese has a good constitution, and is wall organised; has the advantage of excellent clerical and lay officials, and that all that is required for the foam to keep pace with the development of the colony is men, and the money to support them. It is our work to do our best to supply these needs. I am sure it is your wish, as it is my pleasing privilege, to be able to thank the Dean for his careful administration of the diocese during the long interregnum ; personally I have to think best for very much kind help and comes 1. I know from what I have read in the papers that there are difficult questions which must be faced, and that the times are critical, but, my brethren, that must not dismay us. Where i the Clare where there is life when there are i no difficult questions to be faced, and when 1 are the times are critical ? It is only by 3 candidly recognising these facts that the work is difficult and that the times are critical that we can ever hope to do any good for then only shall we gird' ourselves for the struggle; Then only shall we weparè ourselves-by study, by thoughtful enquiry into all the circumstances of the case than only shall we look at life seriously and remember the solemn account which we must one day give for our use of it. Then only shall we feel the necessity for all the help which Christ has promised by then only shall we never neglect prayer, public worship, and above all the regular receiving of that which is for the strengthening and refreshing of our souls. I hope that we shall all of us understand that we have in our hands, to some extent the key of the future. Let nstrise up to the dignity of our position, so that in the future men may look back and say, We must thank those who lived at the close of the nineteenth century. They were man who recognised the fact that there is a tide in the affairs of men which taken at the flood, leads on to victory." They saw their opportunity, they were equal to it, and we reap the victory. I shall have many arrears of work to endeavour to-over corn, and so I intend at once to take counsel with those whom I ought to consult with reference to my immediate arrangements. There will be an ordination very soon, and within a very few weeks I ought to begin the confirmations, and visit the various parishes, and do all other works which shall be urgent. It would therefore be a convenience to me if you could let me know at your earliest convenience any urgent matters you may wish the Bishop to attend toward especially whether you have any candidates ready to be confirmed. The instructions given in the Bible to guide a Bishop in his conduct are most stringent. That which Christians demand from their Bishops is most exacting. I can only hope that, helped by the united prayers of the diocese, I may in some measure come up to the required standard. It will be some help to set before myself an ideal. A Bishop should not simply perform all the various duties pertaining to his office, but he should so perform them as if he remembered the solemnity of those duties and as if he wished to impress upon others the eternal significance of them, the Bishop it bound, too, to be the overseer of the flock, and just as a good general watching the battle sees where the fight is thickest, sees who is wavering, where ; encouragement and reinforcements are necessary, where, perhaps, his personal help is required, where a too impetuous officer wants restraining from endangering his own life and the lives of bro men-so should the Bishop know exactly how it fares in every part of the battlefield of Christ against evil, and so be ready to help to encourage, to strengthen, to restrain and alas". if necessary, to warn and call to repentance those who shall endanger the certainty of victory by neglect, by personal cowardice,, or by wilful disobedience to the commands, of the Master. I think from, the experience of my own life that I understand the difficulties not only of the clergy, but of the laity as well, and so I hope to be the Bishop of all the friend of all. I know, for instance, the terrible isolation of some of the clergy and am convinced that after all Christ's way is the beat, viz, to send men out two and two. I know of course that we shall not always agree or see things from the same point of view, or in the same light. That, however, will not distress me. I hope I shall always treat everyone with perfect candour, and I shall hope to be so treated by you We must give each other credit forming from the highest motives, be willing at all times to admit that we are in the wrong, if it is so proved, and let charity reign over all our actions Personally I do believe that the great strength of our position is in appealing to the sympathies of intelligent men and women. We do not the men down intellectually ; we have no hidden mysteries ; we expect each man to see the intelligence which God has given, him; we don't want blind unbelief, neither do we want blind faith, but we want man to be able to give a reason for the hope that in them. Under these circumstances we cannot expect uniformity of thought on all and every subject, but we welcome as brothers all those who are baptised and worship the Lord in sincerity and truth. Here we-the best off us-only see through a glass darkly, and do not claim infallibility for ourselves when we deny it to others. Brethren, theory of the world goes up to God, Givens comfort, give us hope. You and I are in a position to give that comfort and that hope. Comfort ye-,, comfort ye my people, saith your God. O bless the shepherd, bless-the sheep, That guide and guided bath be one. Thanks to the Bishop. Dean Goldsmith, addressing: the Bishop said My- Lord, I rise to move a resolution that the hearty thanks of this Synod be accorded to. you for the address to which we have just listened with deep interest, and that you be requested to allow it to be embodied in the Synod records. In addition to the formal resolution, I should like to say only one word, that is, I feel that I mission behalf of the Synod of this diocese-, offer, to by so our respectful congratulations upon your appointment as Bishop amongst us, and also that I may. venture to f pledge to you that support for which you have just asked; our prayers, our sympathy, and our co-operation. (Hear, hear.)- Our prayers you . have long had, and one- sympathy I am sure you. are taking the quickest means in your power to have, and our co-operation is some- being watch our positions, whether clergy or laity, pledge us to give you. We are false to our professions!; only as Christiansand com' mnnioant>,bat also>as members of the Synod, unless we do the very best in our power to aid you for the goods of the Church and the glory of God I speak feelingly on this subject, because when it came to the diocese I wondered what the ventry would be like in parochial working. Have been always favourable to the help of" the vestry in local matters and I have found their operation and advice have always been of the very highest value. Note I would not be without that help for anything. If I were to go back to England tomorrow, end of the first things I should do would be to establish a church vestry, such, as we know it in Australia. I" it is so, in the vestry, it is so in diocesan matters and you will be thankful for their co-operation (Hear, hear.) Archdeacon Watkins seconded the resolution. He entirely supported what the Dean had said and assured His Lordship that he could count upon the support of the Synod. The resolution was carried with acclama- tea. Archdeacon Watkins moved "That the hearty thanks of the Synod be accorded to the Very Rev. the Dean for the courtesy, care and ability with which he has admin s termed the diocese during the vacancy of the Sos." He had perhaps better opportunities than any member of the Synod of knowing the labour which was involved in the office of administration. He also had excellent opportunities of know in; how admirably the duties had been discharged by their administrator. (Hear, hear.) To some extent his work as administrator might have diminished his work in the parish, but he thought he had allowed his' diocesan duties to interfere as little as any man could do with his parochial duties. Canon Brown seconded the resolution, which was carried. Dean Goldsmith, in replying, said that he felt he had not deserved what the Archdeacon had stated. The administrator ship had, he confesses, bean a post of considerable difficulties, and to 982 difficulties he fancied HU I Lordship would apprec:ate.keenlybefore many months had elapsed. * (Laughter.) The work of the diocese had been increasing rapidly during the last few months, and probably would increase still more. He was- sure they would all congratulate themselves that they had now a Bishop instead of a deputy, and he hoped they would work together with the same zeal as in the past. The members of the Diocesan Council had always been ready to give their time and thought-and it had required a good deal to consider properly the important matters which osma beforee them. On the motion of Archdeacon Watkins, seconded by the Rev. J. Allen, a hearty vote of thanks to the secretaries of the Synod, the Rev. F. J. Price and Mr. Howard Evans, for their past services. The Bishop, in closing the proceedings, referred to several members of the Synod, who were absent through illness in their families, and suggested that the secretaries might write letters to them, assuring them, ? of the sympathy of the Synod in their trouble. The Synod was then dissolved FESTIVAL EVENSONG. In the evening festival Evensong was sung; in the Cathedral, and there was a large con > gregation present, which filled the greater part of the building. Besides the special hymns and proper Psalms for the day, Wood ward's Te Deum, Magnificat, and Nunc Dimittis in E "flat, Mendelssohn's . " How lovely are the messengers," were sang by the choir, the greater part of the solo work in these being taken by Master Harold Devenish. The Bishop of Perth preached,- and the . very plain, practical sermon he < delivered was listened to with the of best attention by 1 the congregation. Taking for his text Acts v., 29, " Go, stand, and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life, Dr. Riley said whatever it might be to them, that was a very remarkable evening in his life. He hoped it was, in some measure, an evening which they all would remember; for if he began that day to be their Bishop it depended ! to a very great degree upon how he began as v 1 to how he should go on, and they could but > admit that the conduct of their Bishop would be of interest very great interest-to nearly all of them. For, if he was spared by God's Providence to have health and strength and vigour, and if he was given wisdom and understanding to rule over that diocese, taken there was no doubt that, under that Divine guidance canon good would be the result. And so to all of thefts that evening ought to be of very great interests and, of course, every one of them could understand quite easily it was of especial interest to himself. He could not help but contrast that evening with the hut services he had in his own parish before be left it, and it seemed very wonderful that here, so far away, they were worshipping the same God in the same words, si ging , the same psalms and hymns, and lifting up their voices in the same melodies to the ' Throne of Grace. And when he first thought of what he should preach to them ah. mi that evening, any number of texts presented themselves before him. For example, there was the text in their evening lesson, which could not have been more appropriate, " And when we were come to Jerusalem the brethren received us gladly." If that was the case with the Apostles of old who were sent out by their Master to preach the Gospel, it was no less true to-day. if he was writing a letter-the Acts of the Apostles in these days he should thank God for being able to say that when he came to Perth the disciples received him gladly. But now he had chosen a very simple text, because it would enable him to put before them definitely, practically, what would be his endeavour to preach to them as long as he was amongst them. 'Go, standeth temple, and speak to the people all the words of this life." Now, he dared say some of them ' would ask how was it he dared to come from the old country into this new land, a young man comparatively, to be the member of one, of the most extensive dioceses, in the whole world. They might well ask that. Who would dare take upon himself such work as that, it they were not under the command of the Holy Spirit, just as the command came 5 as the old days, Go, speak to the-people?" Most people imagined that the Holy Ghost spoke in times past and had become silent in these days Surely we must believe He spoke to them in these days was; as much as He spoke in.-, the days gone by. Every man who felt a call within him to a certain,difunta work in life was spoken by the Holy Ghost, and he had no doubt he was spoken to when the call came it to him from home to go and speak to them in, that temple " all the words of this life.'' it was absolutely necessary they should believe this in order that they, might have of madame to do their work. After pointing out that the ministers of the gospel came to the people, not in their own., power and might, but need- ing strength asJbheyt-noaded it, by test strong, and powerful because they believed they had behind them the power of Jesus Christ, the preacher Bau the first command was " go.!' . We knew how much we needed the command, which came to every one. Not only did it s come to the clergy, but also to the laity just as much. It required some power from outside to enable them to overcome a natural " diffidence, to speak of such things And so the command had come to him, and, he was there that night speaking to them he hoped of the things of-this life." And the second com mandintbetextwaa to stand. How many people had strengths stand up for Christmas city, which, taxed. the strength a of the strongest. They west to place their feet on the rock of truth and stand against the world. Thejnxb com-, mand was to speak. We were ready to talk, about ourselves and each other, but how, many were there who were ready to talk to each other about the things that belong, to the higher life. There were many to woona. laugh things might be spoken, and yet how many there were who felt they might have spoken, and had not done so. The. next command was to "Go and speak in. the, temple" There was no greater privilege than that for the preacher, and if it was such, so was it a great responsibility, and he trusted that those who entered within those walls never omitted to pray for the preacher that he might speak the right words and draw people to the Master. Then the command was to speak all the things that related to this life. We were apt, in speaking, to get into one groove when we should speak of all the things that belonged to this life, He pointed out how many there were who needed to be spoken to, and how varied were their necessities, and this showed how necessary it was that he who had to minister to them should be possessed of great, wisdom knowledge, understanding, and sympathy. Then, again, we liked to sing about the future state of bliss and the blessedness of the Christian life, but too often we n erected also to think that besides a reward for those who deserved it there was a punishment for the sinful. And so it would be his duty to put before them, all the words of this life, to try to show how we had a duty to perform to God, and how, if we neglected it, we were not fulfilling the destiny of our lives. He asked them to remember they were made in the image of God, and to try and do good. He could speak freely, as he did not yet know them and the work they were doing, and be asked them how ajuoh good work, were they performing. A great many people thought that Christianity had little to do with everyday life, but it had all to do with it. It ought to make us better citizens, better statesmen better miers of so great and powerful a country. It ought to make us better Church men and better Chnrohwomen, better Christians, in fact, to go about doing good. He had that day been struck by the need there was for earnest men and earnest women to do this work. And it was of just this work, 3us»ithis.oommand,that he wished to speak to Hiern. . He asked them not to think that the command was merely meant for the Bishop and clergy. it came to all of them, and they were all bound, if the message came to all of them, to speak and say " Here am I ;. send 