THE MUTINY OF THE MARLOWE. " Grandpa," Baid Rilph Irons, as he looked up from a book of sailor yarns that hi* had been reading, " were you ever in a mutiny ?" The old weathern-bcaten head sodded assent. Down went Ralph's book. "Oh, grandpa, please tell me about it," thc boy exclaimed, eagerly, "for your stories are always better than printed ones ; besides, they are a great deal more interesting, because they are true." " You deserve to hear the story, lad," suid Captain Nelson, with a pleased smile, " if only to repay you for your compliment ; so here goes. "One July morning, when your mother «ns a slip of a girl, I was hurried on board a West Indian bound steamer and sent to the island of Jamacia to bring back to London, via New York, a schooner belonging to our bouse that had lost the captain and entire crew with yellow fever a few weeks before while lying in harbour after discharging cargo. "The Marlowe was a very old-fashioned vessel, and had been built for a naval service, but had been sold and converted into a merchant schooner; and a clumsy old box nile was, with high sides, apple bow, and a square stem, in which the original ports had been allowed to remain. "On my arrival at Kingston I found it impossible to obtain a whiie crew, and even the better class of negro seamen in the port declined to ship on a fever- stricken vessel, so for a week I tried in vain to man the Marlowe. ?» t last I ran across a mulatto who commanded a miserable little half-decked schooner that cruised around the islands in a small trading way, and who offered to find me a crew for the trip, provided I would give him the Sosition of mate and pay his passage back to amaica. This I agreed to do, and two days later I set sail for New York with tbe most villainous-looking gang of blacks on board that I ever saw. " Before we had been twenty-four hours at sea the trouble commenced. The crew were, lazy, dirty, and insolent, and gave me to understand by the way in which they responded to orders that they proposed to run the ship. From the start I was obliged to use forceful measures with the men to maintain discipline, and once I told the mate, who was a born pirate, that if he valued his yellow shin he would jump quick when I spoke to him, and would keep his impudent tongue hove to. He gave me an ugly look, and after that spent all his time forward with thc men. " Well, matters went on from bad to worse for more than a week, but still no serious out- break had occurred. We bad carried a fine breeze of wind right along since leaving port, and by my noon observation on thc tenth day out I made the Marlowe to be in 40 degrees north latitude, and in 73 degrees wes', longi- tude, therefore I was ouly about sixty miles cast and south of Sandy Hook, and had i he wind not died away to a calm just after the sun crossed thc meridian, I would have counted upon being at anchor by nightfall. "All that afternoon wc broilod under an August sun, and when evening came a hoavy fog shut us in. Not caring to keep thc light sails on the schooner during the night, I sung out lo the male, who was sitting on the fore-hatch, to get in thc flying-jib, and to lower the maintopmast stay-sail. Thc crew went about the work iu a surly way, mutter- ing one to thc other, and after lowering thc sails they left thc stay-sail bunched on the main-hatch, und slovenly passed a gasket around the flying-jib; then they reseated themselves, with thc mate in their midst. My blood boiled. I jumped from thc poop deck, and made my way forward until I stood before the mate, who had risen at my approach. " ' Have that flying-jib properly stowed, and send some men uft to make up the stay- sail !' I ordcrod. " 'The flying-jib is slowed,' said thc male. "That was too much for me. I made a quick grab at the mutinous scoundrel, turned him half-way aronud. swung him up over my head, and pitched him down through thc open forecastle hatch. When I turned to enforco my orders I saw two of the negroes lying out to stow the flying-jib, while the remainder of the crew were running aft to the stay-sail. " About an hour after this a faint air, juBt sufficient for stoerugeway, crept out from the south, but the fog remained us dense as ever. Twelve o'clock bad just been struck, when one of tho men called to me from forward, saying that there was something that looked like a vcsBel on tho port bow. I quickly trude my way to where the lookout was standing, and, thc better to see, I stood on thc bulwark-rail, holding with my left hand to tho forward shroud. Seeing nothing, 1 slewed round to step down on deck, when whiz went something past my ear, and I received such a staggering blow on my shoulder that my body swung outboard, my grasped reid ved, and as I pitched head fore- most into the sea I caught a glimpse of thc male standing by tho Bhroud. " AB I rose to thc surface I felt myself being drawn in along thc counter of the vessel, und the next instant my head struck against one of thc ruddcr- chainB, which I grasped. Just over me a Bhadow projected, which I realised to bo the open shutter of one of the square after-ports. I got one leg over the chain, then steadying myself against the rudder-post, I reached up, seised the edge of the shutter, and putting out all my strength, 2 lifted myself on the wooden ledge. After listening a moment to make sure that no one was within thc cabin, I crawled through the port, and passed into the hold through the trup-door in the steward's btore- room. Knowing that tho crew believed that they had been su -eessful in sending me to the bottom of thc Atlantic, I determined io remain where I was nutil I could mature some phil to escapo from my wonld-hc murderers. "Several hours after I had entered the hold a good breeze commenced to blow, as I could tell by thc motion of vessel and the sound oF water rushing past the Hides. *f er a time I heard a voice bailing on deck ; then the vessel's progress was checked, and some- thing bumped up against thc scltooner's side, after which orders were given in a strange voice, and thc Marlowe's way was resumed. With a thrill of joy I realised that a pilot had come on bonni. Hastily making my way ont of the hold, 1 mounted thc after companion- way stairs, and jppe ired on deck just in time to hear my treasure of a mate explaining to the pilot that the captain had accidentally fallen overboard and been drowned the night before. When he saw inc thc mate uttered a shriek of terror nod fled forward, believing that I was a ghost. I gave the pilot the story in a few words. " That afternoon, when thc Marlowe sailed into the harbour of New York, flying from her inaintopmast-licad a signal signifying that there was mutiny on board, I had thc pleasure and satisfaction of seeing my precious orew heavily ironed and carried off ou a United States revcnuc-cuttcr that had hurried along- side." 