KATIE5 to There are few more cheerful places on a ° cold and winter night than a smithy with its rearing fire. The ruddy glow and sparklo be of light, the interested faces of the village loungers, the roar of the bellows, re and the cheerful ring of the smith's w' hammer on the anvil, all combine to make up a comfortable rural picture of light ril and warmth. The smithy at Godscroft on a do cold December evening was no exception to at this rule; it was warm and oright, and filled fri to overflowing with villagegossipe, motto talk fr over the events of the day. The group of kt men collected round the fire was just such a group as may be found round any smithy c fire in the country, hard- headed, be hard.featured, hard-fisted, shrewd, sen eible men ; keen politicians, learned in polemical controversy, fond of argu ment on most subjects, and able to take 5o an imtelligent, although often prejudiced, in- no terest in almost all the leading topics of the wi day. th Such were the loungers collected round the fo smithy fire at Godsorolt, list:ening eagerly to a man who was in many respects diebimilar eC to them. There was about hint an easy breadth, a freedom, an expansivenes of ges- A' turo and manner, which suggested colonial life. He had an air as if the village street to were scarcely wide enough for his swinging di stride, as if he felt the little world eil sf the smithy, the arena of the to intellectual heroes of Godscrolt, narrow i0 and circumscribed. He was good-looking with a sun-embrownod complexion, and dark eyes lif with a merry twinkle in them ; while a so strong, squarely-cut chin and jaws gave s0 character to a face that would otherwise m' have been only weakly good-natured. A at large wiry-haired dog, of a mongrel and w noede?cript type, lay at his feet, and formed hi the theme of conversation. wI " It's a bonny don o' its kind and a guid th dog, 'ee warrant; but I will never allow ge that it's a collie," said one speaker. l "Did I ever say that it was? It has li nothing of the collie about it, although it m has more than a collie's intelligence." " It's a dour-looking beast," said another. to " It reminds me of a wolf I once saw in u] Wombell's menagerie, that came round this R' country-eide four years ago come Lammas. t -Ye'll mind it, Geordie?" so "You're none so handsome yourself, mI Joek," said the stranger, " that you should w' object to the want cf beauty in et others. Did you never hear tell of the fa old proverb, 'Handsome is as handsome sh does?' Bill, here, is better than he isbonny, no and that he has proved." al "Tell as all about it. It's just grand to th hear ye telling these outlandish stories," said nc one of the bystanders. "It would be away out there in Anu- Jo tralia. I'ae warrant," said another. 1" Yes, boys, it was," said the tall,bronzed, it bearded man who owned Bill; and he tossed s0 back his hair and gave his forehead a rub, as if ito quicken the bump of memory, and to straightway began. se •' You want Bil's story, mates. Well,heroitw is. some of yeou here, I don't doubt, will re- fi member that when the old man died in thehard to winter of 70, I left the old country, that was pretty well uned up for me, to try my v s luck in tno Australian goldfields, where they el used to tell as down here that the gold might at be got for the more trouble of lifting it up. ec What I got and that was never very tr much, took a precious deal of hard hi work, I can tell you; and what with hi one thing and another, I tired of it, in and went up the country to a big squatter, a Is kenned man and a kindly, for he was one of di Hunter of Godsoroft's sons, and hired myself ai to be one of his shepherds. I had a good berth B' with him, nothing to complain of, either in tl the way of work, or meoat, or wages; but it was W an out-station, and it was terribly lonesome I missed my mother, poor old body, more at than I can tell you. Many a time it would ft havedone my heart cood just to have heard al the click of her knitting needles, or seen the 5c whisk of the skirts of her old black gown: ft and somnetimes I lauched, and sometimes g I almost shed tours, when I thought how 't it would have amused her to have seen me It with my sleeves turned up kneading damper It or toasting a bit of mutton at the smoky B fire. It "Howerer, it was better, as l often said to fu myself, to be alone than tethered to a bad al neighbor; and my sheep kept me in so much t work that I had very little time for thinking. Every now and again they would take a wan dering fit, and I would get up some fine morning and find the hall of the hirsel gone; and nothing for it but to souns the country far and near till I came upon the track of them. 1 have seen me ride fifty miles before I came up with them." ° "Eh, man, but ye would be fearsome I when ye did," said an old schoolfellow ap- b preciatively. t1 The big Australian withered him with a e look, and went calmly on. " I was out one day after a lot of these long-legged woolly trespassers, that were as it [ swift as deer and as cunning as the oldest fox in your spinneys here; and I had not seen as much as a print of one of their feet. I had been riding since the morning broke, and I was spent with hunger and fatigue when the night came down a s upon me pitch dark, not a star visible-a e) deep Egyptian darkness that could almost a f be felt. I could not so much ase see my hand c when I held it up before me."' " Yeo wore aye a bhold billy,"caid another t retrospective saboolfellow, "hbut that would dandton ye. What did ye do" " 1 What could I do? To turn back was more dangerous than to go forward. I let my boreo solve the dficnlty. He seemed to i see what was before him ; I could not; and t It we went on, and on, and on till I saw a Sshiimmering gleam flash thronghi the mirk I r darkness of the night, and heard the rush of I water. It was a creek, as we call them in I those parts; and as the horse made :ao d pause, I rode boldly on, and by God's I mercy, rather than my own good guidance, we stumbled on a place that was fordable, and got safely to the other side. The steep bank was overgrown with bush, tas I could see by a glint of moonlight that flashed out h all of a suddlen, soand I was just taking a look round to see if I could make a out where I was, when my ears were 0 pierced by the most awful cry 1 thiok . have ever heard. It was so loud, and ,, sehrill, and so full of pain, that it fairly Smado my tblood run cold. I leaped out of the saddle in sheer fright, and looked round me Slike s mao bewildered. The wide hare pastures Sand crubby bush around were devoid of any ie htmtsn habitatton, and yet it was like the cry at of yme poor hiuman creature in the extremity of di.treh . It was so ghastly, so unearthly, d ttat the horse I was riding, although he was a nteady old brute, shied, end swerved sharply round. He was in such a panic. -that I could not help remembering tm sother's old world stories about ,it 4Otl-, aRlthhoruh I tried to tell myself tlat there was in such thin. However, e host or t-o ghost, I wus Lclnd to go on ; so Y I eet astout hleartto -tCe brae; and oh:sn I no found that I could not larce the terrified t brute up the bani,I dismounted, and tied him ito a youne gum tree. i " I had scarcely Vet my face to the bank again, when the ame cry eouodedi out once more. I tell yoc, inotes, it made the blood ed run cold round mey heart, it wc co ~shrilly we wild, ao uite.rlly, c o decsp,,irme, an, to to makle it nurso, the black night came down on me agecin mirk and Sheavy, like tihe b!ackte-a of the parish m ,,rt.clo:h I used ti, wv tder at when I i- wasa bov. I had not tic least idea in what direction to turn, oanl was rtandingirreoolute, tr when I heard the cry aain, amin it scuededC be nearer, and wa' so distice:t thic I thoiglhi I couhd go srai,'ht to the very spot it ,,lno from. The lbnk was so steep o tha:t I had to cramlcl up os1 tlcy uld hnicstnd iknees, ofIetn lipplint biack and ctoppin" to listen ; but I couli hear nothing excrpa the esoft urigng plash of the water dsws leneallthl me. I wa. niot curo which way On i turn, thea I heard ltheecryagain right out in of the scrub before me. I wa in the riight. Ct- directeon-that was one good thin ; but I will never deny that I wasnfrihltened t bit, it weas uruch a torrbrle cry, and the pot was a~ Slonely. I had that spirit in me, theoumh, at thate would not gohuck; and I crept for. g., ward on my hands and knees towards the topof the bank, which was covered with a cou close low bush. It was a bit of a climb, Isas and I had stopped a minute to get I ma my breath, when I thought I heard I and a low moaning noise close to me. I sr: gripped myrevolver, but itwasof littlensein and the darkness. so I took ans instead a big she bowie knife I always carried, and held it pree ready in my hand. The next moment there hoe was a sort of hurtling rush through fill the air above me, and something leaped eres right down upon my shoulders. I gave her a yell, and then another ; and then away mie down the bank we rolled, riving and tearing at each other in an agony of mortal Ehe fright. As soon as I enould gemy righthand go free, I cave a desperate thrust with the you knife; and with a yellof rage and pain, the I w creature dropped off from me; and I heard you the thud of its fall on some projecting rock or bush that had caught it in its downward Bill descent. "I was more frightened than hurt, and Foi soon scrambled to my feet. As a smoker is never without matches, I soon had a light, with which I groped my way down to where has the creaorre lay, and what do you think I tha found ?' SA. teeger, maybe," said another old desl schcol- fellow. lov "Ye silly gowk, there are no tigers in You Australia. I found Bill; but my word, he was not the comfortable well-fed beast he is abs to.day. I don't think I over saw such a Ho' dug as he looked then, either before or belt since. Hie was a gaunt starved skele- I h ton, bleeding slowly from a wound sibl in the side which he had got in his struggle with me. He made no attemptto escape, but wai lifted his head and gave mealook so pathetio, eas so almost human in its mute, reproachful We appeal for help, that it fairly went to the my heart. I spoke gently to him; ro and he looked up at me as if he lon would fain have spoken and told me dee his story. He let me stanch the blood that Eve was trickling from his side ;and I bound up aol the wound as well as I could. He then stag- loot gered to his feet and whined, andcaught my lass sleeve with his teeth, and showed nme as s plhinly aN if he had spoken that he wanted nos me to follow him. of a "I took up the lantern and he wagged his we tail and licked my hand; and we scrambled the up the bank together, and then, always we whining, and looking back, he led the way into the bush. The brushwood was bel so thick and dense that I was al- ant most heat. I could scarcely force my but way through; but whenever I stopped ot my cet a mouthful of breath, he whined and Pas fawned on me, and pulled at my sleeve, and boe showed such an agony of distress that Icould and not tout pity the poor dumb beast, and make not all the haste I could to follow. By this time " the day was beginning to break, and it was Jou notso dark as it had been. He had ledme to my a sort of cave formed by a shelf of rock pro jecting from the bank, and there, wrapped in for a tartanshawl was a sight that brought my wb neart to my mouth. A girl, a bit lassie, so mo sorely wasted and spent that I lifted her up ll in myarms like a child and carried her up cos to the open. Her eyes were closed, and she hin seemed too far gone for speech; but there cloI was life in her still, as I could see by the eve fliolrkering of her eyelids when Istooped down to look at her. 'I "As for the dog, who had crawled after bet us, he looked up in my face with his pathetic str, eves full of a dumb prayer for help; and then-for he was fairly beat, and fnl could not, I believe, tave dragged his we trembling limbs another step-be stretched the himself on the grass beside her and she licked her little wasted hand, I was wa in such a state of excitement myself that I sh fairly trembled. I scarcely knew what to far do ; btit I got some water and laved her face frig and moistened her lips; and when she had the swallowed a few drops she came round so far my that she could utter a word or two in a faint ad whisoer. hol "Thus, bit by bit, I got her story. She aw and her father had been on their way home I from the goldfields, and be had aoonsider- het 1 ale sum of money on him, how much she eli1 scarcely knew, and it made little matter, ess for it was all gone. In a darksome wt gully on the road he had been set ahs rupon and robbed and murdered ; and she lef Ihad flea into the bush like a distracted crea- is, ture, and wandered about day and night till his Bill had come back to her, and asls had fol lowed him to this cave, where she had lived eye for some weeks on such berries and roots ha a as she could find. She was afraid me to leave its poor shelter, for the to had lost her way completely, and was we thoroughly bewildered : and so, when the an supplies of roots and berries-never very to plentiful in an Australian bosh-began to on run short, she gave hereelf up for lost, and lot lay down in despair to die. of e Poor thing I My heart was in my mouth trs as I listened. Gaunt and hangard as she a was, tt was easy to see that she had been a bonny lassie; and her voice was so sweet that it was like a song from Paradise. a ' You must not speak of dying,' I said ' you that have all your life before you, and e can scarcely tell yet how pleasant a thing SI it is to lie.' ut " 1 have no desire to live longer,'sbe said. sl it I have nothing to live for now that my 0o fatheris gons ; and she closed her eyes and in shuddered. r "Shespokewithaprettyscoent,andhervoice rr n sounded in my lonely ears like the sweetest cs a mnsis I had ever heard; butalthough shewas ci st so gentle and sweet, she quite knocked all the d conceit out of me, and 1 could only stare at PI her and mumble. 'No, no; you must not talk of dying. d ".When she revived a little, I carried her ci down to the place where I left my horse, and s by his aid I got her home to my hut, where a at she lay formany days more dead than alive. I to She wanted nothing hut a sip ot water or I d tea; and when she cameround a little, b a a mouthful of damper. It was poor fare A for an invalid, and one, too, wh.'t of had evidently been daintily r.rtxz:oi ; in and I expected noshing but thati t would ,, kill her entright. Sno rallied, however, and n 'e got up at last, and crept to the door; and the a , fresh air helped to strengthen her; and, as c was natural for so yoang a creature, the c P heavy cloud of grief that had cvareha Id dowed her lightened a little, and she began at to sing softly to herself, in a snrrowful heart a broken way, that saddened me to hear, ke but was better for herself, maybe, than the re silent despair in which aile had been since sk the day I found her. ad "As for Bill here, he had got better long ly before she was able to move about; and he although he always took a charge of her, he no showed a great affection for me, and liked t ea nothing better than to follow me about. t ny ' I could make out nothing clearly about t ry Katie-for that she told me was her t ty name-cexcept that she was the daughtor t ly, of a poor gentlemnan, that her mothr b sas so dead, anid that she and her father ly hbli always been allin all to each other. He t ic. had sa.le money at the diggings., buht that I ng was gone; she was all that was left; and I at could see for myself that she was the bonsiest elf hit lassie that ever gladdened a man's heart. er, Her eyes were bribhtand blue, hke the doewy so blt I us-ed to gather when 1 was aladdie on I the Godcrofr rirp ; her hair had the color ed and clintof buroislhod gold; and her cheeks im begas; to chow tha loveliest cclar, like that of the lscet freah wild roses. ns "I' think I see her as if iat were but yesterday ic sbaklinag back the curlhng hair from ber brow, od andl liiltig her bonny b;t face to mino, and Ily nokieg how ha was to do this, and what shRe Io, was to make of that, for she hand never ht bieen ueed to work ; and I had to ed chos her how the simglest things I ish werve done ; lbut s-he was quioc at 1 I the uptake, and never neeted to be told a I oat ithmis rtwice; anll likd her toask ny ad te, vice, for w hen she did so. her eyeo would Id shine hike geoln. and hlier fCaro woul flnsh up I alrost an~ if enolike-d me; hut tihat, I told it Ityle!f, was impeasible. "ep Tlelonsi and the shaort of it was that I lsy bogsvn e toh e o well fr O my own peace. nd Tie only happy moments in my lifo were og spent in watlohine her, or liteniSg wilthl the .er ke-nost delight to ev ry word she attered. ay She toli me often abcout the books she had out zead ; atInd atel cplko, resitimest of thelife she hb, hd lItd, a life nltogethetr unlike mins. MIy tI hert annk within me when I thought it ovel. t, it Waest was I thot I should think of winninsg as, her love; I had nothino to offer her but the ch, trueo afllection of a fond loving heart. I coull or. nott even tell her how well 1 liked her. I the trembled before her like an aspen leaf, and could scarcely get out a word if it were to savemy life. That was a rough time on me, mates. I was so wretched that I got sour and gruff, and spoke sharply to the very creature" I could have fallen down and worshipped. So, from less to more, she got to think I was tired of her presence there ; and one evening how well I remember it-she was standing fall in the blaze of the firelight, her figure erect, her hands loosely clasped before her. her bonnie blue eyes fixdd wistfully on mine. " 'I must have been a great trouble to yon, Ehe said quietly. ' And you have been very good to me. And now I feel quite strong. If you will put me on the right roadto-morroe I will go away with Bill, and nevertroun you any more.' 'Where!' I almost shouted, clutchir Bill's collar as Ispoke. " ' To the city; it was there my father w going.' •' Have you any triends therel' " 'No; I have no friends anywhere; but have learned to work. I shall find wo. there, I hope.' " 'Say with me, Katie,' I cried In utter despair. 'I have not nuch to offeryon; but I love you-you mast have seen how I lore you.' "She did not answer me in words, but she stole her little soft hand into mine. How happy I was I I could scarcely believe in say own good fortune, for I had never dared to hope that it was pos sible that she could like me. "There was nothing to be gained by waiting. Handsome trousseaux are not easily come by out in the Australian bush. We went down to the station, where the parson ohaneed to be making his rounds, and were married. The very loneliness of our life made our happiness deeper. I think. We were like Adam and Eve in Paradise. I never saw the sun shine so brightly as tidid that spring, or the grass look so fresh and green; and my bonny bit lassie was as pleased as a queen and as blithe as a mavis. If I were to speak for ever I could never tell you of all the true and tender feehlng of a lad and his lass who love each other as we did. Earth was like heaven tous, and that lonely little hut an Eden. Woes me ! we were driven too soon from its shelter. " She was as merry as a linnet, as 1 said before, and her eyes glanced like diamonds, and her ohoek blocmed lihke the red, red rose ; but for all that, the canker was at the root of my bonny flower. She complained of no pain, and she seemed to grow bonnier and bonnier every day; yet she grew weaker also, and she knew it herself ; but I struggled sore not to see it. " 'When I cannot stay any longer with you John,' she said, ' promiso to bury me besid my father.' "For I had gone out to the bush and looked for the murdered man, and found him lying where she had covered him up with leaves and moss. A ghastly object he was to look at, with hi skull beaten in, and hisclothes all covered with clotted blood; and I had laid him in a decent grave, and happit him up close and warm- for love of her, that was even then the very light of my eyes. " "'Don'tspakin thatway, Katies, I cried; 'I cannot bear it. Oh, my lassie, you are better to- day-tell me that you feel stronger? ' '" 'I think I do,' she answered, looking wie. fully at me ; but that very night, when we were sitting on a bench I had put up outside the door, she leaned her head against my shoulder, and I thought she was tired, and was falling aeleep; but after a few minutes she opened her eyes, and there was a solemn far-away look in their blue deeps that fairly frightened me. 'John,' she whispered so low that I could just hear her by bending down my ear to her mouth-' John, you have been a dear good husband to me. Elsc me, and hold me fast, for I feel as if I were slipping away.' " Woes me, how gladly would I have held her fast for ever: but I could not; she wt slippng away from me, end from all thini earthly. There was a flatter of her bont whiteeyelids, along, long gasping breath,ac she was gone. Bill, there, is all that I hat left of her, and rough, mongrel tyke that h is, the money is not coined that could bo him from me 1" He drew his large brown hand across hi eyes. "It is years since now, and the worli has used me not unkindly. I am a prcsperon s man ; and my wife up tnere-and he pointed to the village inn behind him-" is a good woman, .nd has made me an excellent wife, and we are happy enough. I have nothing to complain of ; but oh! I never lay my hand on Bill's rough head but I think of my lust love, and the place where she lies by the side of her murdered ffather far out in the Aus tralian bush.'-Chambers's Journal. 