RAILTON AND SASSAFRAS. (FRoM A CORREPONDEwNT.) The Railton spirit is not a ghost but a newly aroused desire to achieve something -to progress, not to retrogress. The Board of Agriculture, with its chairman, Mr Tune. its secretary, Mr J. Blenkhorn, and its 30 and more members composed of thinking farmers desirous of improving their minds, their farms, and their pockets, has, in spite of discourage ments, determin d to establish a new and important industry. The prospec tus of the now long talked of p~tato. drying, etc., company is shortly to t? issued. Ibelieve it will contain as pro visional directors such names as Messrs H. Murray, M H.A., W. Sykes, and J. G. Atkinson, of Latrobe; Me.ssr Clerke, of Sheffield; W. E. Bovill, of East Devon part; and W. D. Tune, Railton. Wi h these gentlemen directing the scheme is alm)st already assured of success. I a'so hear that about 500 shares out of 2000 re quired have been spoken for, and one gentleman is so pleased with the idea that ne has stated his intention of taking 100. A patriotic gentlm an, Mr John Sheean, who offered some of his lanud free to the company, but which was somewhat incon venient as to site, has again come forward and offered to purchase the 10 acr?e of land desired and then hand it over. The thanks, no: only of R Tilton, but of all Ta mania, are due to Mr John Sheean for this literal offer. The Sassafras Spiri'.-The farmers of this district, desiring a road to Railtm, must first bridge the river Mersey at the Native Rock (farm of hon. W. Har'), and they will cut the timber and convey it to the spot if the Government wi 1 do the rest. This shows their earnestnesa, and is a very rare instance in Tasmania of that spirit of local self h:lp which every Government should eneurage. The Sassafras people deserve the bridge. Will they get it? As your space must be reserved for Min'starial extracts from "Noble thoughts in noble language," just like raisins in plum duff, I'll wthhold my common ordinary diet of news for a day or two. 