THE SYNNOT SEQUEL. THE CONSTABLES' CASE. ON DEFENCE. Tito Board. cetmUting of Air Akflmrit, Captsiu Evans nnd Commander Collin#, appointed to enquire into the charges against Constables Uonghlan. Qutlty and ; Coffey of having givon erideocu without Rulhciont warrant in the case of oyunot v. Synuot sat this afternoon. Mr Duffy itddrossrd the Board, and contended Hint the inquiry had de- genorntod from it# original purpose into u ' whitewashing" of Mrs Synuot. Ho did not say that there wiui a single npot j in Airs Synnot's character. JLt char acter had been eRtablislicd, then why I was it necessary to ngain establish it ? If tho enquiry woro a gouuinu one, why was it that the qusation of whctlior the house in Carltnn ivns of bad chnrnctcr or not lmd boon coniplotoly dropped ? Why was that purl of tho evidcnco dropped out? Why was only the one part of their evidence dealt with? Be cause Air G&uiisoii; did not want to go into it. Because thoro tvnt strong ovidence on (hat part. From time lo Htne ho had been mot with statements from, tho hoard that thoy were fully satisfied ou certain points without their man lmd stated that n coriain proceeding of his (Air Dufly'a) had left au un favorable! impression on tho chairman's mind. If it wus an unfavorable improssion regarding the case it wus suroly a little bit early to anununco tlmt. If it was an unfavorable impression regarding hiiiinolf/it was nn impertinence, and irre levant to the )K3uor before tho board. Then the chairman announced that tho board had mado up it.i mind that Airs Synnot had left the country in fear of her lifo, Again, after determining a law point, tho chairman announced that tbo hoard had cuius to the conclusion that thoro was nn shadow of doubt as te Airs Synnot having returned to tbo celony. lAng as he had bocn at the law ho retained samo shadow of common sense. Ho know, there fore, (hat it wnn useless to caU ovidcnco when the llnnrd lmd made up their mind beyond tiio shadowol a doubt! Oh I oxcoUent expression. The Board had determined that they would not hunr any evidence from other witnesses as to a muiako having boon made by them. Suppose a police lungisttato had been rraiding near tliat.houHu in Cartluu, nnd hud boeu asked ns to its character. Would ho say, ' Hush, I must go tint and ask the Minister of Justice for a permit first 1" Why, thon, should a constablo bo ex- p-etcd to do so. In bin declining days ho thought ho would attempt to publish a work on tho lines of ' Wuheloy'a Sol- dUrV Fookot Book," ontitlod "Tho I'olicotnnji'fl Pocket Book," telling tbmn what to do under all circumstunues. Hu nuugested that tbo police wimowes und the 'nthor witnesses had, in ' thn natural courso of cvontfi, talked I.Iim mnl t fit nriir. Of roiirun no otia conctnied- in the care know anything of tho evidence tho Board hud heard yestur- day, and least of nil, dl'l (hnso constables know it. If ho wus not corruot in his stntmueutn ho bogged to bo carroctvd. ( \ Air Gd uncoil : It is rathor Into to osk that, 1 could havo correctod you all through your speeches. Mr Dully, cuulinuing, aaid Hint if ho had b'lou allowed he would have caUod u number of witnesses who wnuld huvo de clared that they wero perfectly convinced that thoy saw Mrs Sytmofc in Carlton at ' tho timo that it lmd boon proved that alio . iviis in England. Mr Duily proceeded to intro.luco the nubnrbiin ghost hb an itmtanco of mistakon uvitlmci'. Everyone -.vouM lisliuvo that poople who hud si-en tho giioHt belioved 1: was ,a g!io«t, thougli it would bo qiiito pOKsihlo to nhow t hum tbeir mis take it tho real perKuti wero produced, llo conlendad that lint case uf tho con- Htnblcs \fnH oxnclly aimilnr. Air Duffy wont on with iimtunorabie instances of on imaginary character which bo clnimod to lie' on nil fours with the uvlneuco of the tlireo coiiHtahles in tho Synnot cuno. Tho procoedings of tho board did nut commend tltoiiMclveft to . him aa tho ways of justice. Air Dully thon announced that hu thought Hut In could bo of n furthor use to hi clients in con- si'Iorution of the manasr in which tbo pro- cccdingn had boon conducted. Air Woolf fullowod suit and withdraw from tho cade, ami both gontlomou loft tiie room. Coustahlo Coflby war then sworn, and tho Chairman oxplained tlmt 1m was re quired to show that ho mado eufHciont UMJUIliWI UrilMU IIIV vtiuuuvo «V I bad givon in tho Syuuot case. Constublo Coiluy aaid tlmt, in the boginning of the proBont year, ho had j reccivod .n letter from Mr Alichio, aolioi- j tor, und subsequently bad an interview I with that g«Dtloiuau, wiie asked him about a certain Iiouao in Cntlton nnd nhowed him curtain photographs. Lie : anid that ho ooulddo nothing in tho matter without the permiKaiou of his olliccr. Air Budlolr iiad sunt for him and commended him for not doing anything without tho sanotien of his olliueiB. Air Sailluir then gave him pertnhuum to asniAb Air Miuliie in hU own time. Prior to giving evidonco. ho consulted with tho other witnossea before giving evidonco, nnd thoy wero nil then curtain that they wuro right, Evoiything wan open and above board. CoiifltablcH Coaghlan and Quilty having given evidence, tho inquiry wns adjourned till 2 o'clock to-morrow. 