HKOWff ACCUSER ? ? ^ ? BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY. CHAPTER XXT. IN l'RISON. As Phil soon discovered, it is an un pleasant sensation to feel that a man may at any moment be looking at you and noting your actions without being seen. Tho warders were slippers covered with soft list-, similar to those used by burglars. In these slippers they crawled silently up and down the corri dors, spying here and there, and listen ing like watch-dogs. In this place he was put up for seven days, with the exception of a few hours for exercise in a circular yard with the other prisoners. How his soul revolted . at the diabolical leers of his fellow con victs ! They seemed somehow to know all about him, and regarded the ' mur derer' with some interest. Alone in his cell, madnoss seemed to be threatening him. His patience and fortitude were deserting him after only seven days, and he. was to suffer for seven years. Solitude and silenco, within bare, ?whitewashed walls, with only a dim light filtering through barred windows. The man who is naturally solitary, and who has led a sedentary life, finds it hard enough ; but to the strong and vigorous youth who has spent half his life in the open, breathing the fresh air of the country, the silent system in pri son is torture indeed. The oakun: which had been given him to pick kept him employed for awhile. , He tried to fix his thoughts upon the hateful task and to think of nothing else — anything to prevent his mind dwelling on the awful prospect beforo him. By and by he began to pace his cell backwards and forwards like an encaged tiger. His eyes burnt like hot coals, and his head throbbed as though it would burst. He longed for air, space, and move ment. One day he climbed up to his' window and hung on ta tho bars in the hope of catching a glimpse of a green field. 'Now then, none of that,1 cried a hoarse voice behind him, and dropping down from tho window he found himself roughly collared by a warder. ' You won't get out that way, my fine fellow. . We have a short way of settling little tricks of thit sort. You must come be-, fore the governor. Now then, out you , go,' and the man caught him by the sleeve and hustled him out into the cor ridor. Phil's blood was boiling. ' Take your handcuffs off,' he cried, angrily. , ' Get' along there, or ? ' The sentence was unfinished. Phil, . in hot anger, had turned upon the burly warder, and dealt him a sounding blow with the left, nearly knocking him down. Before he half realised what he had done, Phil found himself suddenly seized by a couple of strong warders, who held his hands in a vice-like grip. The half-blinded, maddened 'official who bad been struck, as soon as he re covered from the shock of the blow re turned to the charge, and lunged ont at the now defencejess fellow, giving full vent to his mad ' fury, whilst the other TVardot I looked on and laughed, holding ? th®ir prisoner's hands. ? Give it him, Wicky,' cried one ; ' if the governor won't deal with insubordi nates properly wo must do it ourselves, or some of us '11 be murdered one of these days. Maddened with passion, the strong man showered several blows upon poor defenceless Phil, until ho staggered be tween the cowards who were holding him. ? ' That's enough, Wicky,' cried tho one who had previously spoken, inter fering ; ' I guess he won't trouble you again. Now then, young man, no shamming, no pretending you can't walk. None of your dodges.' With unceremonious haste he was dragged before the chief wardor and to tho governor's room. ' What's this ?' said tho governor, as he entered tho room and surveyed the four panting men, two of them holding the half-stunned, half-fainling form of the young man. 'Insubordination of No. 78, sir,' said the warder who had been first struck, at the same time staunching the blood that flowed from his lips. ' Attacked- mo savagely from behind, sir, as I was leav ing his cell.' ' Attacked you from behind and cut your lip in front ; how was that ?' 1 That was after, sir. It took three of us to overcome him.' ' It is a very strango thing, Wicks,' said the governor, ' that every case of insubordination for tho last week has come from your ward. I am certain it is not altogether tho fault of tho pri soners. Your manner of dealing with them, must bo at fault. You lack tact, or judgment, or humanity, or something. I won't have it. There must bo fewer cases to this sort in your ward, or I shall havo to order a strict inquiry into tho matter. Tako that man back to his cell. I shall not order any special punishment in this case. Ho seeuis to havo been badly mauled. No. 73,' ho continued, addressing Phil, ' I am sorry to seoyoti brought before mo so soon. Do not let it occur again. Let this bo a warning to you.' ' But lie was trying to escape, sir,' said the abashed nnd astonished warder. ' Escape — how ?' » Climbing up to his window, sir.' 'To get a sight of a green field if possiblo — to get a glimpse of country. I had no thought of escape.' said Phil, 'It is a lie, sir? Ho 'was trying to gut out.' ?That will do,' said the governor, quickly. ' No wrangling here, please, take liim back.' Ho was lead gently enough from tho governor's presence, but as soon as they were well out of earshot he was again hustled roughly, and when he arrived at his cell they thrust him in with a sudden jerk that threw him face downwards on to the hard floor with a crash, closing tho cell door upon him with a sharp clang Infuriated beyond endurauco at this, he struggled hurriedly to his feet and rushed for the closed door only to hear the key turned in the lock and find him self onco more a soltiary prisoner. He struck with his clenched hands upon tho iron door and shrieked aloud -in fury. The warders paid no heed to his eries, but from a cell not far distant he heard an echoing shriek of some poor wretch, maddened and desperate like himself, who, reaching at last the end of all pati ence and reason, was tearing at the bars of his cell door, calling alternately upon God and Satan to deliver him from bond age. The heartrending cries of the fellow-sufferer, aroused by the contagion of another's fury, aeted like magic upon Phil, reminding him that bis own suffer ing was ilothing compared with others who had perhaps been years in that home of despair. He slunk away from the door and threw himself upon his bed, clenching his hands, holding himself in check lest he too should go mad — too soon. CHAPTER XXII. JOB CASSID7 TO THE RESCUE — TWO BULLETS AND THEIR STORY — HOPE AT THE ELEVENTH HOUR. On 3 morning some time after the trial as Pauline was sitting despondent and wretched in her room, Martha entered rather abruptly. ' There's a strange man below . wants to see you, miss, about Mr. Phil, he says it is, and he won't give any message. He says he must see yon, miss, and' I believe he's drunk.' ' What kind of man, Martha ?' ' A rough-looking labouring man, miss, who sometimes used to come with letters from Mr. Phil.' ' Is Dr. Marsh in the house ?' ? No, miss.' ' Show him into the consulting room, Martha ; I will see him there.' Martha seemed to have doubts of tho advisability of admitting the drunken person, but did as she was told, and Job Cassidy, for it was he, was ushered into the late doctor's room. He had not long to wait before Pau lino entered, looking the ghost of her former self, pale and aorrow-strickon, but calm and queenly. (To be continued ,) 