WITH AND W1TH0UT GOD. ^^§6#oro^ haled iife because the iroHc tkt b • ■ vnnimLfr^Mer she fcim iafir&eroas; onto me; for all ' i£ ■Tatufrand vexaiaoD of m>hit.—EoolesiaetesiL JL7. ■' the' fife Mi' is' life indeed—i IWhirt&yerunM;^t&mfcy; "Attaches to the author-' ' ahifi of this Book of Eoclosiaatos, whotherj.as most modem scholars are inclinodto belioriy lio was aaaufclior of a later age thanSolomon, oir whether bo was Solomon himself, matters ! motlllt^ tO tho illt^r03fc and Tryp^ning of/tho \- l>6ok itoolf. It is the story, thotragic story, ■ of the life of a man who fcriedijfe without God, j and ho toils U3 what ho found. The boot disGFussOs many difficult 'and philosophical question^ some of which we are asking to-day; tyubhsyond all these -questions is the oentral1 theino of the book* -It is tho one book for this Nhmfcoenth Oantury, as we shall eeo later on, tor it just reveals to "us what life this human ufo is wJien-ifc is liyodjwifchout God* I am not at hjl sure whether the writer "of the book really passed ■ through j tho experience, or whether lie only dramatically and poetically unngmos it, but in some a form. or other ,he -p&BSftS; throupli all tho. various experiences of human life m quest of the chiof good. He nks hard at business and ho makes a groat of mcmoy, aud then he goes to travel and poos foreign courts. Then ho comes homo and Surrounds himself with the luxury which ho in those Courts, in liopo of finding some satisfaction; but ill vain—ho is still uusatisfiod; fcluwcifj fcho^ mournful refrain, "Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.'4 Thou ho turns to' utovatinrc and learning, and ho busies him eplf with the books and .the discussions of tho # schools, and ho hopes by feeding hiajytolieofc to .find rest. Still in vain; tho old mournful refrain ts heard, " Vanity of vanities, all ig vanity.'- Tlieu he goes to works of philanthropy. He tries to bo a benevolent $nd good man, and ho hopes somehow iii this way to gob rest, but ho still feels the old refrain, 'Vanity of vanities, all is vanity." Then at hist he determines to sottlo down into a homo of his own, and he takes a wife, and ho hopesi m family life to. find a little rest at the fcnd of his days, liut ho hopes in vain; his evil fato pursues him. Tho life of revelry and pleasure which ho had lived when he was a youug mon and uowike exhaustion of intel lectual study toll upon bim. His strength is wasted, disoaso lays hold of. hun( death drag's near, and with all the bifctei' oxporiouoe of a Wasted life behind bim, im experience which ftses up like a hollow, ghost to mock him, he to hear Only ono voice in the Biloat air, t • ?7?£r vanities, all is vanity." Ho had tried life wit-limit God, and thcro is his vordict, muity. "Feeding upon wind," as tho expressive Hobrow literally translated moans, it is leading upon wind—^ vanity of vanities, all w vanity." And yet just bofore death draws noar a .nobler vision rises before him and he has. pne last word to toll us. It is the very best word in this wonderful book. Tho pen in just about to bo laid down, and ore he lays it down this vision of a nobler, truer lifo «ses before him—"Foai God and keep His tsomnwndftienfcs, for this is tho wholo duty of \- .man. That is the conclusion, he SUV's, of tho wholo matter. llna, ui very brief, is tho story of this wbn rtorful book, a book whiob, as the late Doaii of . WoIIr says m his delightful commentary on it is quite, unique in tho attraction it has hod for Hie minds of a very diverse order, from Jerome,. who read it in his bouI, down to Renau of our own timo, who says, " Tt is tho owycliarming book written by a Jew." But for us plain men and women this old book of the preacher ought never to lose it® interest; especially it .ought not to loso its interest in this nineteenth century, for it teaches us tho .chiof. lesson of life—that if any man or woman tnos life withou t God he will find it to be what this old preacher found it—vanity, and feeding •upon wind. And now contrast ■ this vordiot of tho Preaolior with that calm, clear, victorious utterance of tho groat Apostle, ringing liko a clarion, as ho utters the words,'"Lay hold of the lifo that is lifo iudood," and you will have the subject of mv sermon to-night—Lifo ivith opt Grod and lite with God—the misery and disappointment of tho ono, the fulness and ;satisfaotion of the other; the one vanity and vexation of spirit, the other lilo which Is life indeed. ' ■ TJIE PLEASUHE3 OP LIFE. Lot as look, then, first of all for a few moincuts at lifo without God. I am very auwous not to exaggerate- any single point in order to heighten tho contrast botweon the true and tho false life. Let mo fraukly acknowlodgq that there are some thing3 in life oven without God which are pleasant and de ' bghlful and hoautiful. First of all we teun life is little children, and to children the next .pleasure is quite enough to makp life worth living: their little hearts are not troubled with the deep problems of lifo, aud God forbid thoy should Co. Ask a boy looking forward to a enckofc match, or a girl anticipating a visit to . the seaside, whether.life is worth living, and they will wondor whether you aro <]uitb sane —fcho lifo of tho present is enough for them. And thon I do not deny that there is some ' real H&tiafaotioir; and ploasuro, as every one • fn all healthy activity. Why, it may i be only a working nian working at nis t rade but if ho does his work thoroughly and well •he a-pleasui'o in it. And so in tho hhrher . uioveinontfl in lifo—in professional actirity, in ' Utoravy • tv:-trvity, in political life; in all , .the Juguor .range, and region of ,tk© in-! ; telloctual powers of man — no ono can deny that there is real satis- I faction in tho exercise of thoao powers. | And thou, too, no ono can doubt that ' there is very much that is very beautiful ' in human" lovo.' Indeed, thoro aro some hearts which are vqry strangely compounded. Thoy seem to be rioti in emotion and dafwiont in re ' b'giou3 fcelin.M; and. I liavo known som) ' hearts go to sleap on tho bosom of a perfect lovo—a perfect human love—and forget God. Some young people in tho golden days of their .early mamed lifo, wlion lovo is very, beautiful and real and fresh, bright as a spying but oh, iny friends, it does not settlo tho question. Tho question" comes back, " Does ' it satisfy?" You can put the question to your , solf to-night, for wo are all of us human, with human hearts and human souls; you can put that quostiqn to yourself to-night if you are trying to live life without God. I suppose thqro aro moments in our lifo—and they ars uot tho worst moments—wlion the question eomos to us, "What of it all? Am I at rest? ; Am I satisfied? - Sometimes there are still spaces _of silqnpo into which tho soul enters, and tins old problem oonios baok, " After all, aui I'satisftoo, is life worth living, am I at rest?" • THE CAUSE OF PESSIMISM. And I think there .are . very many ±i. dications in this present; day, in this'closing poriod of thq" ninetoentli century, that Hie world is finding oiit" si'liat this old preacher r tf. v&uxi7;' and < offck;:H»iropi over nofcioedfb© .very-re*, mftrkablofaot that muoh.& our higherpoetry fe-imutterablysad? Take, Jot example, the poems ofMattifew. Atebld'; they ere'Oreekin. perfection of-form' anfl:,fo.ohoir faultless beauty, bnt hoVsadihey .are)'Tftib - doep Sadness that lay over the woridof which he so pathetically sings brbods like a jfioud brer his own poetry.. And when you «hbb to ex amine the reason why he so depresses you, the answer is Ijeoauso thero is tie living personal God in it—it is the loss of God which explains it all. Or, again, what is the meaning of the pessimism waioh has infected so much of the plnlosopliio thought of Kuropa to-day? Why, it is haidly creditable, but you may find men not only in this country but in Germany, deep tluhkera, seriously dVwssfeg the question which. was dicussod in tho'old Stoical, sohoals before Christ cams, as one of -them put it, whether the best thing- that tho gods have giyou'us in life was not taking it away, whether suicide was not thebest thing. What does it mean? Is it not again the old story that life' without God turns but hot to be ; worth living? Or take another illustration-of the same fact. You cannot live in London without fooling the excitement that charaoterisee .modern socioty. What a rage for excitement there is, for new pleasure on every hand; pleasure after -pleasure to be in vented to gratify the jaded appetite j always some new sensation, always some latest-novelty to bo found out; it doos not matter how absurd it is;: but there must bo some new sensation to please tho jaded appetite. What is this feverish oxoitemont, this passion for amusement, this eagor hastening after senna: tion, what is it but simply this nineteenth century finding but the oxperionoo of this old book, that life without God ;is vanity and vexation of spirit? Do you - remember tho lines Byron wrote on liis twenty-seventh birthday? ■ I never open that book and read tboso lines without. unutterable sadhess. Byron had tried life in oil its phases, ho-bod touched each point in tlio brilliant circle, mid hore is whore ho oomes to at twenty-scvon, Think of it, a young man of twenty-so vou— that is,all. Tins is liis verdict, and this is his own life as he found it..' Ho puts it in his own inimitable music:— distract tlie breast, Through midnight hours thai yield uo more thotr formor hope of rest, 'Tis but as iry lcavos around the ruined turret wreath All green and wildly fresh without, bub worn and greyhenoatli. Oh 1 could I feel as I havo felt, or he what I have been, Or weep as I once wept o'or many ft vanished scene. they ho, So, midst tho withered wasto of life, those (-cars would flow to met Lira TURNED TO ASHES. Tlie withered waste of life at twenty-sorou 1 It is possible that somo of you may say, " Oh, that is ail very well for a man who sjionds his life in sensual pleasure, but I havo nobler ideafe."_ I have admitted, that there -is satis- I faction in tho higher pleasures of tho intellect, i I do not 'wish to deny that there 'is notliing that tho young man for example might more i worthily dosiro than to bo admitted mto what j Mr. Kus3oll Lowell calls "tho best society of all tho ages, the groat intellectual masters of all time; but iny point is this, and I wautthe young mon specially to notico it; there is no more real satisfaction for a human soul in in- j tellectual pleasure than there is in sensual pleasure. Ono is low, degrading, and sinful, I j know, but so far as satisfying and feeding tho soul ypu' may food tho intellect ana etarvo the souL Some of you remomber the story of a young man who wont to Cambridge determined to take the highest prizo of that groat University, and ho tolls us m his own diary what his oxperionce was. The day cam9 when the Honours List was to be road out, and his namo oame as Senior Wrangler for the year. Ho went back to liis room, lie says; he had grasped tho prizo he had been living for, but it turnod to ashes as lie grasped it. Ho burst into a flood of tears; he liad found it vanity and vexation of spirit. Do not misunderstand mo, I beseooh you. I am not imagining that life is to be lived sololy with religious aims and religious objects. I do not take a narrow visw, I trust, of human life. God has given us various and aniplo powers, and oach one of them has to find its own ap propriate satisfaction. _ I do not .condemn auy of tho generous ambitions of youth. I would not even forbid the loss noble ambitions of life so long as they are kopt .subordinate to the will of God. Let a man earn knowledge or fame, ov distinction or wealth or influence, and if ho earn thorn honestly, well; but I do desire to impress upon you, especially upon young mon and women, this ono lossou—that it does not matter what the end you sot before yourselves in life may be, whether it bo pleasure or intellectual eminence or wealth,' if you leave God out- it will so disappoint you, miserably disappoint you, and' you will havo a lime when you will turn from it all with the muttered curso, " All is vanity and vexation of spirit." At Aix-la-Ohapello is tho tomb of the great "Em paror Charlemagne, Ho was buried iu the central space beneath tho dome, but tho manner of liis burial to mo is one of tho most impressive sermons ever preached. In tho doath chamber beneath the floor tlio King sat on a marble chair, tho chair on which ho had boon crowned, and wrapped in his Imperial robes. A book of tho Gospels lay open on his lap, and as tho King sat silent tho and motionless tho finger of tho dead man's liand pointed to theso words of Christ on the open page of tho Gospel, " What glial! it profit a man if ho gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?" . Ah! what will it profit a man? What will it profit you if you gain your own world, your little world you are aiming at, and lose your own soul? You remember the often-quoted words of St. Augustine, "Thou hast made us for Thyself, and our heart is - unquiet until it rest in Thee." Almost the last words that' stern,' grim old Thomas Car lyle wrote were these, tliey wore. his last testimony:—"The longer I live,'"' ho said, "tho more I feel tlio .'truth of. the old words of the Sootoh Catdohism,. ' What is tho oliiof end of man? Tho chief ond of man is to glorify'God and to. enjoy Him for ever.'"- All, njy brothers, dg pot make the bitter ex(>erimeiit, let me beseech you, of try ing life witlnjut God! 'If you do, one day it will turn to vanity and vexation of spirit. LIFE INDEED 1 And now let us ask what life with God means. -"Lay hold on tho life which is life indeed." This old preacher had a vision of the truo life. It was not tho be3t thing we know about it, but it is tlie bS3t thing in the New Testament—"Fear' God,' and keep Hfe com mandments." l ean give ypu a batter defini tion of tho lifo "indeed than tliat—-a larger, richer, and a more satisfying definition. Shall I toll you whose it is? " This is life eternal to know Thoe, the only" truo God, and Jesus Christ, whom Thou hath sent. Thoso are the wpids-of Jesus:' tliat is. Christ's ,owh defi nition! of- tho " -lifoindeed—to. know God, t'ia" truo God, * and Jesusr ClirisV whom Ho hath", sent.; No "man requires dsmon stration that - this " is life indeed. It be jw^twrari."«md MS&hfaorbitted;'mo nnd^oroine withten spea&iblelovei;, if : He! l&Gq;^mt >M. Hie riches '.of Hifc lore-to federal' 'sue uom am, if I am to lire -with Him: through eternity a hfo romoved froin all the conditions of time nhd8paqe--then, of aUthenelf-evident: propo sitions you canput into words, thisia themrat edlf-evident and certain, that I am created and redeemed solely to find my life, in God, I am too great to find my lifein anything less than God. Ah, "Hethat hath the Sonhath-life, hp that hath not the Son hath not life." This is the life indeed. Amd now you sea the moaning of "Wliat we are »o apt ta'eall the mystery - of Borrow, the mystery of pain.: I do not deny that there is a great deal in trouble that is mysterious, but I sometimes think we speak too lightly of the mystery of trouble and the mystery of pain, that 8ombtimo3 ' it' is an open secret why trouble comes to us. Lot me put to. you this one question—Are we not all of us in danger of.forgotting Cod, of living our life without .Him? TIiis world is so pleasant, so delightful in so many respects of life, that we are . quite satisfied at times to go on living .without God,. . Wo have our tittle idols, ajid wo bow down to ttiem and worship them, and then God sees that if 'we. are to lid pared He must break our idols., in order that wo may come to Him. And so the old homo iu which wo had lived "for so many years tumbles about our ears; it was founded upon, the sand, and tho rain descends and tho winds blow, and the poor naked soul, homeless,, dostitute, spriiigs bock to the Odd it had forgotten to find in Him life indeed. . Tho other day I was reading the diary of a life which in many respects is most instructive and pathotio. It was the story of umanwhohad had unusual prospority. Looking through this diary I came across those words: "God has broken silence with me." Do you know what they mean? Great crushing sorrow had fallen on him, and that man who had lived many years in the sunshine of prospority without God, without over speaking of God or hearing God spoaking to him, suddenly iu tho darkness awoke to the fact that God was near to him, and that God had come to him in the great trouble of his life; and then he wrote those words, "God has broken eilenoe with me." Ah, life indeed 1 That is its designa tion. . I do not say it will not liave its troubles, its disappointments, perhaps oven its failures; but tho troubles and disappointments of that life as littlo nfloot it ns the storms that sweep across tho Atlantio touch . tlio doep calm of tho ocean beneath. It is life indeed I Nothing disturbs its central peace, for it is founded upon God. And then, when tho end come3—as it will come to us all— and frionds stand round the bed, and the last farewells are spoken, and the eyes ore dosed in death, and "ive make the last journey to that "bourne from which- no traveller returns," and our feet touch the waters of the cold river —in that supremo and awful hour will tho life indeed fill us then? Listen I The man who wrote) those words, "Lay hold of tho life which is life indeed," tells us what he felt on tlio verge of eternity: "I am now ready to bo offorod, and the time of iny departure is at hand, I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I liavo kept tho faith. Honoeforkh there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which tho Lord, tho righteous Judge, shall give mo at that day; and not to mo only, hut unto nil them also that love His appearing." "Such, iny brethren, are the con trasted lives. And now lot mo ask you, and especially those of you who have your lifo yet to hvo—let me ask you what life, whioh life .will you ohoose—lifo without God or life with God? In the cemetery at Highgato yonder there lies one who not many years ago was one of tho most famous and distinguished mathematicians of his day, but who lived and died without faith, I believe, in a personal God. On his tomb aro these wordS. I believe they wore placed on his tomb at his own request—" I was not, audi was conceived; I loved and did a little work; I am not, ana 1 grieve not." Is that lifo indeed—this won derful, rich, throbbing human life, with all its woalth of love and its rich and golden memory, to end there? "Lam not, and I grieve not. ■Now, contrast with that'tho last words spoken by a man whoso life had boon one of long continuous suffering, but who in his suffering had learnt to sing some of tho sweetest song3 of the Church—I mean tho late Mr. T. T. ■ Lynch. As he was lying dying, and Iub sorrowing wife bent in the last agony of love over him, tho dying eyes opened and the dying lips murmured: Now for real life." That was tho life indeed, on whioh, in its fulness, ho was now entering. May God of His infinite mercy enable oaoh one of us to-night to put to himself this question—" What is my life; for what am I living?" And then may there oomo, like a voioe from tho Etornal, the words of my second text, "Lay hold on tho lifo that is lifo indeed-" 