Singular Occurrence at Singleton. A Mysterious Apparition. A Ghase After the Mystery. -t Hi-Til rostra. | Sixoletox (N.6.W.), June 5. The town is much excited over the supposed appearance of a ghost. Some years ago a man named Vickery, who bad In his possession a large sum of money, ie alleged to have left Singleton one nigbt for his home at Bulga, and to have been seen for the last time wben going down to the river near Fawcetf's paddocks. He tiftvor r«flnli«1 hnma And hiit<1Ss<innMi>. ance up to the present moment is altogether unaccounted for. Since Vickery vanished there have been rumors of strange lights and appari tions about tho locality in which he was last seen alive. It is said that a well-known resident, while walking along tho road ono evening in the gloaming, overtook, as he thought, a personal friend, and be tapped this supposed friend on tho shoulder, only to find that his hand jnet no resist ance, but went through something unsubstantial. The wraith or form, which ho tried to touch, immediately vanished. During the last month or two it is asserted that strange lights have been seen hovering about in a paddock near the spot which is said to bo haunted, and these . lights make their appearance at 8.85 p.m. On Friday night last a party of six or seven, including Mr. Playford and bis son and Mr. Mo ran; .employees at the railway station, went to watch for the light. At the boiir expected, a light suddenly made its appearance in a paddock nearly opposite tbe ceme tery. Wben first seen tbe ligbt was about tbe size which would be emitted from a hand lantern, but different from that in appearance, being tbin and dif fused, without a very definite centre. It was a little above tbe ground and moved towards the party of watchers, apparently without the aid of human agency. After it had travelled within 100 yards or so of the observers it stopped. The watchers then began to approach the light when a regular " will o' the wisp " chase commenced. As the pursuers -approached tbe light, which had gained considerably in its size, it began to retreat at a rate ex actly regulated to tbe movements of followers. If they ran it mored very quickly, and kept pace with tbem. If they walked, it went at a slower rate ; if they stood still, it stopped. Finally after leading them a pretty long chase in the paddock and by the river, tbe mysterious ligbt vanished, and was aeon nn miiffi that nio-hfc. A party of over 100 people on horse and on foot and on buggies were out last night. They watched for a long time, saw nothing, and most of them returned to town, but a few who re mained later assert, however, that tbey again saw tbe mysterious light. 