THE NOVELIST. [Copyright.] TALMUD; A Strange Narrative of Cen tral Australia FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, BT IVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER XXIV. P" THE STRANGE JOURNEV. _ " My guide pointed to one of the (sjnaller recesses," continued the nar rator, "and signified that he desired me to bathe, and I gladly availed my seIfoftheluxury,fbrsuch indeed it was to me. It might be expected that in such a place the temperature would have been very low, but I did not feel it chilly. Whether it was that my body had become accustomed to the sur roundings, or that the cold surface winds were excluded, I don't know, but both that and the many thousands afterwards had were always delicious. "Speaking of temperature, I may say that during the ten years I lived in this place I never experienced varia tions of summer or winter such as is met with overground." "Do you mean to say you lived underground for ten years?" Mrs. Mills asked, lifting up her eyes in amazement " Yes, that is about the time I was with this strange and wonderful people I am telling you about As well as I can judge I must have gone under ground in March, 1861, and I was found by my friends here a few days before Christmas, 1870, so that I was actually nine years and bine months living below the surface of the earth." . "It was no wonder you pointed downwards when we asked you where . you came from," Stanley interjected. " I had quite forgotten my own-lan guage, though not the signs by which to convey it," came the answer. " As soon as the bath was over my ■. mute guide denoted to me by signs, which I could now readily understand, that he wished to show me more of the subterranean world in which we moved, and I followed him upwards from the fountain. "Going .back to what I may now call my habitation—that is the screen or unroofed tent—my companion mo tioned me to wait. In a few minutes he returned with a parcel, which I after wards found was food, ana then-he set off due west We passed round- the lake on the opposite shpre to the one from which I first viewed it, .and from ■ the landmarks and die distance tra velled I concluded that it could not be less than seven miles across. This I \- found subsequently was a fair measure ment for the great-basin of fresh water. After passing the lake our route lay in an upward direction, and I wondered what hew experience I was about to en counter. *'The ligtat'in places was very dim, but in others it shone out with startling \- brilliancy. The radiance from these latter places penetrated long distances, \ had 1 rightly concluded they were a ; sort of light distributing stations. The first.chance I got I examined one of ' them, but as I could not get an ex > planation from the guide I did not thoroughly grasp how they worked, or on what principle they were based. " It was plain enough that thecham ., Jberg or concaved walls, as the case might be, were composed of crystals or highly polished stones of various colors so contoured as to catch the light in gigantic concave reflections' which radiated towards curiously formed con vex walls or arches. The first glance \- -was sufficient to sbow-that-tfce work-re* quired not only enormous labor but no common amount of skill and knowledge in the science of optics. ; "I believe we must have walked at least ten miles through interminable passages, chambers and caverns before I began to have ah inkling of what was to be shown. I was coming into vege tatioa" "Vegetation underground?" Mills Interrupted. U; ,/ . "Yes,vegetationjm&rground;—and ' must luxuriant vejgigion, too. I can «s?(ire you. Graduarly the rocky-floor gave way to soft ekrth',and as we pro ceeded pale greens/almost approach ing white—stalks wtre met with. "This time we had been going up a gradual ascent for nearly a mile, when without warning we came to a level plateau stretching away for miles. In all my life neither in the old land,1 America, or in this country, have I ever seen so fertile a field. Where the rank growth was not too high I could see that numbers of people were engaged at agricultural work. I Walking on to where a rocky wall seemed to bound the northern part, was sensible that the plateau was not a dead level, but feloped towards the east [In that direction I fancied I distin guished a gleam of genuine sunshine, .for if partly blinded me. The plain was not nearly so well lighted as the great ■ lake, and consequently the vegetable growth, luxuriant as it was, was uni \- formly white, " When we. reached the western or high side'I could observe that num berless streams ran'from it and irri gated the whole urea. "I had not been long- in the field, for such I may fall it, when I became " sensible that the atmosphere w&s; mucb . (warmer than the regions' we had left. jFora long time I was unable Jo account "jfor this, but I afterwards found but the cause and it gave me perpetual uneasi ness^ 1 . ■ V What was it ?* aBked Stanley. . \ " Vou will hear directly. When ! examined the growing crops I found they "consisted of different sorts of plants and herbs. A quantity grew like asparagus, whilst other vegetables put m jajaipaofawy,.;-lSta«^lks were; quite white and they were soft and palatable. Some of the taller growths resembled blanched maize-stalks, whilst rice was also noticeable in the wetter portions. In the most lightsome portions I was greatly interested in a tree not unlike the cocoanut-palm, but the fruit though as large as a cocoannt was perfectly soft. Indeed I was quite bewildered with what I saw, for its appearance was quite peculiar. " Imagine a farm stricken with the curse of death and all its productions transformed into ghostly forms. You may laugh at the idea of a vegetable ghost,' but all the plants and shrubs 1 saw in that place gave me the idea of a spectral existence. I plucked some of the plants and eat them to see if they were material, but though I found them excellent food I could not shake off the idea which possessed me in that respect " On the south side we came to a j clearing in which a few screens were j erected, and I thought at the time they were for the use of some of the per- i manent residents. I afterwards dis covered that no one lived regularly in the field and that.the men and women only worked for two or three.hours daily in it I could well believe this < for the temperature was like an oven, and I marvelled much how it should be: " Both my guide and I felt the heat, and, after a hasty meal in one of the tents—which were used by the work men occasionally—we made our way to the exit So far as I could see there was no other way out of the field, and I was correct in thinking so. The road by which we came was the one used for carrying the produce away, and I be lieve the great field could grow food for two or three thousand vegetarians. As a matter of fact it did so. "On going out of the heated at mosphere I experienced a distinct re-: lief and was glad to follow my guide back to the little town which I began to see was the centre of the community. The bath was the first place sought, and after the ablution I was led back to my quarters and more food sent There was no lack of salt at the place, and I soon after saw where it was obtained. " For more than a week I did not again leave the town; but ray guide was constantly with me, and I saw he was desirous of teaching me his language. He would point. to an object and then repeat its name much the same as people living over ground might do, and I would speak the word after. Go ing amongst the people, too, I began to j acquire a rude knowledge of the strange language, and as gradually lost my own. "After this I spebt fully six months; going out -almost daily with the fisher-, man on the lake or walking about the 1 little town with my guide. I many times during this reriod .saw the chief, and after a time wtaabie to exchange a few words-with " Here I may m\htion the new name 'Talmud* was given, to ine by the chief, the idea evidently bong that I was to j represent the ' bookused by them toi convey to the civilized I world, of which: he seemed to know only by tradition, a fail knowledge of the inner workings of his strange people. J . ' As well as I can pompute it must have been six months' after ray advent to the subterranean town that my com panion, whom I had learned to call ' Anscra,' which was the best way I could pronounce his name, informed me by word and gesture that we were going on a rather long journey. Food sufficient for at least two days was packed "up, and tire two of us set off. Our route for a considerable distance lay along the road we had previously taken to the plantation. I recognised it at once, and it was really strange how simple it was to find one's way through winding passages and caverns after being once along them." " It did not appear very simple to us in -tlwt ^confounded labyrinth we got into on leaving that horrible valley," Stanley remarked. " The reason that I was - helpless there is that I was never through them with my eyes open," returned O'Mal ley. " But you knew a portion of the pas sage. You remember you wanted us to go down the right tunnel at first," an swered Strang way. "Yes. I knewijjat part, and later on you mil hear di&jreason; I did not have a knowledgl^if the other pas sives." frM' ."As we came^hpr tbe-part where the Steep asceHg^sfegan," continued O'Malley, resuming his narrative, " Anscra turned off sharply to the right down a narrow way 1 had not previously noticed. This led downwards and was very narrow and comparatively gloomy. I daresay had I gone down it when first I joined the underground community it would have seemed utterly dark to me, and probably that was the reason the journey was so long delayed. " I might say that in the six months my eyes must have suited themselves to the different light, for in1 that period I could see more than twice as far as when I first entered. For instance 1 could see right across the big lake—a distance of seven miles—though when I first beheld it two miles was the limit of my vision. "We proceeded downwards for four or five hundred yards, and then the pas sage beeame level but just as gloomy as ever. For a long way we now-walked iri silence, until at length we came.to a particularly rugged part ofahe passage. This was somewhat remarkable, for if was the first time I had .seen any of the walks that were vnot perfectly smooth 'and regular. We were on a road that was apparently. little used, and I could not quite understand it. . At first I thought my-ebmpanion was leading me to the burial place of the underground community; but I at once considered that a road along which dead bodies had to be carried would be kept in the best possible repair and well lighted also. jjx "As we stumbled along iti^^semr darkness I fancied I could oo^ftmlly hew gjtraoxe. noise like the wjBf a mighty giant. At last my guide halted and sat down on a terrace rock. He produced the food, and we both eat heartily for we had come many miles and the exertion was great. I tried to elicit from him where.-our destination was, but he only pointed ahead'and said nothing that could enlighten me on the point. j " Stretching himself outon the rock, he signified Tor me to do Hie same, and for two hours or more -we silently rested. As I lay, with all around quiet and the sound of our footfalls not echoing on the rocky passage, I could quite dis tinctly hear the muttered breathings or gasps which had first attracted my at tention. Though I listened carefully I could not find a clue to them, and at last gave up the labour of guessing. I j confess, for the first time since I had en-1 tered the place, I felt a little frightened. Only that I had full confidence in my j guide I would have been greatly alarmed. " At last Anscra arose and resumed the journey. I could now understand his reason for recuperating, for as we proceeded the road became much worse than it had been. " After an hour of this arduous travel the passage broadened out and we were able to make better progress. Twice we came out into large spaces, the floors of which were covered with fan tastic-shaped rocks. A passage led from the second of these chambers or caverns, and as we entered it I caught sight of a peculiar red glow at the end which startled me." " Ah I we know what you are com ing to now," ejaculated Stanley. " I scarcely think you do," responded O'Malley, with a smile. " Oh, yes we do; it is not likely we should so quickly forget the red cham ber we saw in our underground ram bles," returned Strangway. " I should think not,'' added Stanley with a self-satisfied smile. "Well, have your opinion, gentle men," went on O Malley. " As I was just saying a queer red glow caught my eyes. Thegreat exertion I had under gone made me feel uncomfortably warm, and as I hastened after Anscra I was perspiring slightly. He had reached the end of the passage before I overtook him, and when I got to his side and looked in the direction whence the glow came a thrilling sight burst upon mfe." " Yes; it is well worth seeing, I must admit," interjected Strangway. " I looked for a full minute before I could comprehend it, but I did net need the eloquence of the fierce heat which beat upon me to realise what I was looking upoh.'\ " Fierce heat ?* queried Stanley and Strangway In the same breath. Yes, fierce heat, I repeat. ■ What I saw before me was masses .of rock which ■ glowed ^ dully red, and from which! in a jgw small places- jets of. steam hissed out-and were swallowed up almost immediately by.the intense heat:. It :was really the interior of a partially extinct volcano which I saw, and the view was a tremendous one. It seemed to me that about a quarter of a mile from where I stood the rocks began to change color, until ata dis-. tance of halfa-mile they were a dull j red with the heat Above them was a cone-shaped, vault at least two hundred feet.in height, and this carried the heat upwards or it would not have been pos sible to approach the spot we stood at " We must have been seven or eight hundred feet below the summit of the hill, and the heat would almost lose it self penetrating such a distance. I could, however, now understand what caused the warm atmosphere in the underground plantation which, though a, considerable distance away, must re ceive a portion of the permeating heat In a few wprds Anscra explained to me that my supposition in that respect was correct. "The heat was so great that we could not. long endure it, but. I re mained long enough to grasp the dread beauty of the spectacle. Rocks thou sands of Ions in weight were glowing like rabies, and in places the crimson rocks were heaped together in gigantic and fantastic forms. Between them were spaces like huge 'glory holes' in a glassblower's factory, and the light flickered and scintillated like one often sees when watching an ember in a Are, though, of course,xm a colossal scale. " Anscra hhd often seen the place before and probably did not appreciate' its beauties, as he soon turned away and I followed. \- "As I turned away I felt that at any moment a catastrophe might take place that would overwhelm the underground corarauuity. If by any means a stream of water should find its way into that glowing mass a tremendous explosion would be the result If so the convul sion of nature would in all probability destroy those, strange people who had been so kind to me. Certainly the bulk ot them were several miles from the slumbering volcano, but the con vulsion which would ensue through a body of water pouring on to the hot rocks would change the face of nature most certainly aqd alter the structure for a considerable depth. Water is al-. ways at work weiring channels for it self, and who knows, I thought, how soon one of these subterranean streams might -not precipitate itself, into the volcano. ;• These were; the reflections which filled my mind,as I stumbled over the rocks after Anscra, and I sincerely, wished that I had not been enlightened on the point Fropt that time forth I was never perfectly contented in my1 new life,' though previously I accepted my lot wifh r£sigUatipn." " I have hot h$iard that there are any volcanoes in Central Australia," Mills interrupted at this point , -s', " Oh, yes, there are a number of ex tinct ones, according to nearly every explorer,"Stanley remarked. "In some few instances signs of a quite recent upheaval have been no ticed—and, indeed, smoke or steam whs observed by Wexford's party," 6uiw pigmented Strangway. (to be continued,) i 