BBJEF NOTES..; A tennisi ball inn the wind:. .. Licensing Courtoixn the22d' i st. I Sale of MI A Butler's eff~cts to-dhiv. Welcome change, in th her last Tuesday.: r Meeting. to arrange about school prizes last night. . . - ;-, ??..':-; : State-school "anuiial examination ap-. proaching.' Auction Sale at the' Royal Hotel Sale Yards to-day: : The first match of the crieket season this afterntion . E'xdcitinig meet ofthe i0aklands lounds lastSaturday. Oaklands Hunt:. Club race meeting next Tliursda'y Suilhury uadrille Aissembly's dance - last-Vednesd, . --y ight : The S.C'. jouirney t' Bullfor the n frst matchlof tlh season: Three tennis tournameint miatches to day.11l, 2, an 1 4.o clocl Sunbury Debatipg Society's conversa zione anytliing but a success. Tehders called fore a: biick Sunday school'fdr the'Church of En!landi : MrJ Johid! Ryani returned froim his pan nrual holidays looking hale and hearty. Shdaring will be commetiice at Bo linda next hunrsday, weather perinitting.... Only four more matches to complete the first tound of the tennis toui'nament. 1 Sunba:ry D.i-airistic Citiub rehearsing I two:. pieces to be stagedt a n early date. The. andience rowdy and: disord,?rly at t:fhe Debating: Societ las t Monday night. :r rJi?as Daly's tender at £5 2s id was acci-pted. for .leisingathe' It er'eationi Re- serve . .Mr A C0mpbelllhaira?nrin for next.. ond ay ni rght~s ietwig of the Debating ooiety. Or :HotIbuckle " his teirdered , his. resign-titn as: a miediber of the Melton. Council. r; NrF. Cowan, Asyliim messenger, has received 'another fortnight's sick leave-- influenza. Tennis is the prevailing sport-in Sun-. bury. The court :occuipied' from sunrise untill sunset.. ' i It is. riumored that .lessrs W. Patter son:.and A. Ti'ask are contemplating a trip to the Golden West. : -In aid of the Bisho of Melbourne's Fuand: £2 18s 9d wa~'"collected at the :Church of Englandilast Sunday.: Interesting" correspondence in another column anent the :proceedings :at. the last imeetingof the Debating Society. SA paper on Mo~net' entitled ' The Root of all Evil," by Mr Lionel Sparrow at -the next meetinugof the Debating 4 Society. Mr John Vale, secretary of the Vic torian Alliance,: will lecture under- the auspices of the local Gospel Temperance Society on the 2bth inst. : Mr R. Eadie recited a poem,." Polls?' Fortune," from'tlie 'pen; of 'Mr Aithliur Davis, well known to Sunbury audiences, i at the. last, meeting.of the -:Debating t Society.; In'teresting 'lectfrei.on. the :relatin. of I asttonomy: to. re'igion'!eat the Ch'rch. of Enhgland last Sunday?inight.by:Mr :J. 1 A.llan, who is one of the .most le aried r and' enthusiastie' amateur astrononiers in Victoria. :Notice 'of motion to havethe words,] ': dramati~ce perforimances" 'included in' the bjects of our Literary, Dramnatic;: and 'Debatirng Sncietf ~' We have Iieardl that the. words should1have been inserted, as they were passed by the sub-committee ' appointed to driaw tip the rules. E:-vi dently oinitted by mistake. It was amusing to notice last Sunday tnight, as tlhe congregation cume out of the 'Churcli of Englan1,: that a large 'majority of: tlhem gaped at the sky, looking for the Pleiades, Three Sisters, Southern Cross, etc., but the climax .was reached when one near "ilht. d old hldy took her stand under the street-lalmp outside the gate, and wished to, kndow if the " stair" above '.her: was one of the Pleiades. The Rev J~.: Allkn!s lecture on astronomy was- thie cause uf tliisstar-: Mark Twain. h:as two;;- ' ithree ichar-. acteristic poses Weieni on' the platform, but the most peculiar o.tine -is his habit of nursinog his elb.ow. anl Ianxiously pre:s ing his cheeks with his hand, as if suffer ing the agonies of an eighty hoirse-power, i stlnp-junit'ing toothache, wheun on the point of slipping out some plairt icularly exerici:itin., absurdity. From: tle time Sof his stepping out beftroe th. fotlights to his leaviiig the 1 'u"tr. is never guilty of even the ghost of a smnile--se is as r solemn all the tirad as a wart on an taundertakler's horse. , .·· 