"ALL MEN ARE LIARS." JOSEPH HOOKING, AUTHOR OF Andrew Fairfax," "Ishmael Pengelly," &c.;, &c.; Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock Jf Bowden, Ltd. [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XVI. CURRENT MORALITY. "Be not righteous overmuch: . . Be not overmuch wicked, neither be thou foolish"—SOLOMON. The Colonel looked at his eon-in-law for a few seconds, aa though he were in doubt how to proceed ; then he Baid loudly— - Ah, Stephen Temple, my boy; I came to tell you—came to settle things. This is a very bad state of affairs ; I don't like it, I have said so to Isabella dozens of times. I should like^to be alone for a few minutes with you." "Gentlemen." I said, "there is another room at our disposal, if you will be good enough to follow me." "Thank you, thank yon, young Daniel, that is Dr Roberts, and Mr—Mr Ilford ; so sorry to trouble you. I hope to see yon again in a few minutes; especially do I want to have a chat with Edgcumbe." As it happened, however, neither of us saw the Colonel any more that night; but Stephen told me what had taken place. " I—I came with my daughter s—that is —consent," began the Colonel. " Yes," Baid Stephen ; why has ahe not answered my letters ?" " Oh, young people will be young people. Why, even old fellows like I am get a bit huffy now and then, when we don't get our own way—ha, ha 1' and the Colonel laughed uneasily. Stephen did not reply, but Vaited. "Isabella is a Tempest," went on the Colonel, " and she has a temper; all the Tempests have, I'm glad of it. Well, Stephen Temple, she didn't like your— nonsense, neither did I. And although my girl is breaking her heart for you, she thinks you haven't treated her well, and her Tempest pride says you must make some— some—that is—concessions." What concessions ?" " Just like a lawyer, Stephen Temple, you nail me right-down to one point. Well, she only wants you to be reasonable, and— and—you can be now—easily." "Fes; how?" "Well, my friend Edgcumbe has weathered the storm, and has brought his ship safely into harbour. Isn't that poetical —eh ? Well, he's a rich man again, to all intents aud purposes, and no doubt will give you a good allowance. After, all, I m almost glad you acted as you did, and I've said since, ' Stephen Temple was wise after all;' it wouldn't have been safe to take an allowance then, with all those—those—pesky bankruptcy proceedings pending. But now it 8 all oyer. You can have a good allowance again ; and when that is arranged, you —you can take your wife to your heart once more, and—and be—be happy. Come now, what do you say ?" At first Stephen was staggered by the barefaced audacity of the man; he could hardly understand how he could talk so. " Am I to understand, then, that if my uncle will give me a good allowance, Isabella will consent to come back to me ?" Yes, dear boy. We want to see yon happy, both Edgcumbe and L Edgcumbe promised an allowance when—when we parted some months ago, and I know he is willing to renew his offer now everything is settled. Come now, say yes, and I'll order a bowl of punch on the strength of it." "And is this the only condition on which Isabella will come back to me?" " Why, of course. You couldn't expect Isabella, a Tempest, and the wife of a Temple,"—here the Colonel expanded his chest—" to go into lodgings and slave like the daughter of any Dick, Tom, or Harry. No, Stephen Temple; family is family, and blood is blood. TeabeUa Tempest Temple Edgcumbe must do nothing unworthy her name; she must live like a lady wherever she goes. I am a poor man; bat, thank God, I've taught her the rights of a lady." " Which is most worthy the rank of a lady?" asked Stephen; "to live in comparative luxury on money to which she has no right, or to live in comparative poverty on money honestly earned ?" " What do you mean ?" asked the Colonel. What right have I to an allowance from my uncle?" asked Stephen. "He has not pud his creditors more than a third of what he owed them.*' The whole matter has been settled at a court of law; the law has passed judgment," replied the Colonel, "and thuB Edgcumbe is free." The law has nothing to do with it. these bankruptcy proceedings; they areare—well, infra dig.; but the affair is over; and what your uncle has now, is his own. Come now, Stephen Temple, you want your wife, and your wife wants yon. Let ns settle things amicably." " I do want my wife," said Stephen ; but if she will come under no other conditions " Do than you these, mean' I to must say you remain wHl as nnt^'l™ I am." I this money ? ' 7 * | Certainly not." The Colonel - - - turned purple. "Refuse a 1 thousand a year ?" he gaspei_ iped. "Certainly, if it is not my own, and does not come to me fairly." "You—you blackguard 1" he cried. You marry my daughter, you take her away from home, you low-lived soonndreL then you discard her." 1 " I don't," replied Stephen ; " I will only 10 gladly welcome her back, if she S come as a wife should.' " A Tempest come back to lodgings such as you can give her!" shouted the Colonel ; "never! A pretty sense of honour you've got, to marry a wife and then expect her m father to keep her." b o L' Yon know la » lie," said Stephen. b Ever since Bhe left, I have sent her, as you p know, every farthing I could scrape together." f " A paltry trifle !" d " It was all I had," said Stephen; " and I certainly not too smaU a sum for you to accept. Come, >me, Colonel, uolonel, don't make me I think worse of ' you than ~ I think alre&dv; Have some sense of honour 1" You say thiB to me\" gasped the Colonel; "but you shall suffer for it. Bat 111 no longer breathe such polluted air." A little later Stephen called us back again and I knew from his pale, blanched face how keenly he had been suffering. He never said anything thatnight, however, and shortly after both his uncle and Illford took their leave. "Lookhere, Stephen," said Ilford. before they left; "don't make your life more miserable than you can help. Make the best of this dirty world, my lad. Go Into society and drink what pleasures it has Give up these foolish ideals "oTvours I facts, aud make the best of them!" ' P "Thank you," said Stephen; and then I he held out his hand to his uncle. I " 1 I snail shall give you no advice," said Luke • you know what ------ I think, and what m A I ' uke will - 1 glaaly do for youand I couldn't help seeing a look of real affection shining out of the cynic B eyes. 0 For Bome tjjpt Iftff tbil J tbooglit I a slight change for the better in my friend. That is, he looked happier. He seemed to forget his dark, gloomy forebodings, and was mere like his old self. Daring the time I had lived in Battersea, I had become acquainted with several wellto-do families living at Wandsworth Common, and I was often invited to houses at Clapham Common. I had spoken about Stephen to people I knew and had so interested them in him that on one or two occasions when they had invited me to their houses, an invitation had also come for my friend. Up to this time he had refused them; but when one day—about a fortnight after his uncle's visit—I showed him a letter, containing an invitation to a gathering at a house at Clapham Common both for myself and him, he told me Le would be very glad to accompany me. Accordingly, on the evening in question, we started for Clapham Common. On our way I called to see a patient who lived in one of the streets at the back of Queen's Road. She was an old woman nearly seventy years of age, and was troubled a great deal with bronchitis. Although the spring was now advancing, it was very cold, and I had told her that if she expected to get better, good fires were essential. When we entered the room whioh she oooupied—for Stephen went with me—we found her Bitting beside the ghost of a fire, having sold, as shi she told me, an article of furniture to buy coals. "I was 'bliged to do it," she explained, " and 'twas 'ard ; you see, 'twas bought by my 'usband afore ee died. Poor Bill, ee didn't think 'twould come to this ! But I'm a-goin' to start to-morrow, I am. Two of my old customers hev kept some things for me; so now, please God, I'll rub on all right till next winter." "What do you do for a living?" asked Stephen. " I'm a laundress," replied the woman, " Ye see, I'm not strong enough to go out a-charin' like I used to, and I takes 'ome the waBhin', and I does it as I'm able. I've got a good bit behind wi' my rent while I've bin poorly, and you know washin' is bad for the bronchitis. Ye see, what with the steam, and the heat indoors, and then a-takin' back the things in the oold, 'tis ter'ble tryin', ter'ble; bu, summer is comin' on now, so I don't mind." " And how much do you otoe for rent ?" asked Stephen. "I owe four weeks," replied the old woman, " and that at five shillin' a week do make a pound." " And how much can yon earn when yon are in full work ?" "Oh, sometimes I make as much as twelve shillin', but it do seldom get to more'n ten." "Then how will you manage to pay your back rent ?" " Oh, I'll have to do it by littles, I wilL My landlord hev bin patient with me, 'cause I've bin 'ere so long and paidBO reg'lar. I can do all right in the summer. It's the winter I dtead BO." " And how old are you ?" " I wer sixty-nine last Christmas. You see, I'm not so spry as I was, and my joints ache a goodish bit; but I'm goin' to try and keep out of the big house as long as I can." " A most respectable old woman,'' I said to Stephen when we left the house a few minutes later. " Sober and industrious." Are there many like her ?" he asked. "Oh, yes, many. Battenea is crowded with laundry people." " And are they all as badly off as she ?" " Most old people are worse. You see, she's sober and saving," "Saving?" he exclaimed. " God have mercy upon them ! It seems to me that those who drink and drown; their care are best off." Little more was said about the question juBt then, and, soon after, we reached the house of Mrs Augustus Price. This lady's house was exceeding popular, and that for many reasons. First of all, Mrs Augustus Price was very popular. Mr Augustus Pries, who had been, when in the flesh, an egg and butter merchant, had left her in possession of a considerable amount of money. She had set up an establishment at Kensington, and tried to be a leader in fashionable society; but somehow she failed, It is true that her money gained her admission to many desirable houses; bat she did not climb to the position she wanted. Sio therefore removed to Clapham Common, where, although the people were n^t »o highly oonnected as those in Kensiugt >n. she established herself as a queen of a certain order. Mrs Price, who was about thirtyfive years of age, prided herself upon having many unconventional ideas. " I'm original, or I'm nothing," she often said; and ao she sought to maintain her reputation by making her house a rendezvous for people holding all shades of opinions. And such is the power of gold, accompanied by an amount of beauty, shrewdness, and audacity, that ahe accomplished what she desired. " I'm a woman of open mind," she said. "What are opinions ? A matter of temperament, education, and associations. All sorts of opinions shall be represented at my hoase." And, trae to her word, all Borts of opinions were represented there. The High Church vicar and the Radical DiBsentins parson met there; and, although each ha lady who gave such delightful dinners, and whose cheques were so acceptable. The Scocialist also sat at her table, providing he were sufficiently respectable, as well aa tbe rigid Conservative. Theosophists, atheists, agnostics, frooked curates, and believers in all sorts of New Jerasalems received Mrs Price's invitations. " Let them be clever, well educated, well dre88®f- respectable," Mrs Price would " y V andthe more curious their opinions the better. They give life, interest; they are like a dash of absinthe in bad water." Mrs Augustus Price's gatherings, then, were of a cosmopolitan nature; and, as I expected, when Stephen and f arrived, her house was full of people holding very diverse opinions. Stephen immediately made a good impres* eion xi. on 1 our hostess. , She . saw „ in an instant —•.»- i S ^ u V ? ^ fia ?i ^«»ting to wh» fc * had said to her oonoeniing him, won her interest immediately "You've been asked in a most onoonvaibonal way, Mr Edgcumbe," she said; but then I'm an unconventional woman— fact, I hate what's supposed to be proper, o you 11 find people here holding all sorts f views, but mostly they are people of— In fact, whatever else I can disense with, I cannot dispense with- ' .rains el^6 Utt ! e i rnition oesn t trouble me, but b5ains-_I aoV,,.. - So try «nd make my gathering* t^ts of There;!! be little or no L, „ lg. and adenos/ tiurt kind uZ—ZT* of thing '; uu but * convert,., convert,,., on art, "• erata «. and—religion -all sorts 5™*now." I felt the speech to be loud, and not in best of taste ; but Mrs Pric« a finelooking woman, and she smiled very sweetly on Stephen, who seemed to appreciate her welcome. Certainly there was no restraint at Mrs fncea house. The people were chatting very freely, and the conversation was not of a nature which one too often finds in polite gatherings. Society small talk was at a discount. As our hostess had said, the people had brains, and thus music, pictures, politios, and books were discussed with a greal deal of cleverness. . 1 w *f S 1^ too. to see that my friend was ?PP reclated m the circle. For my oTO part a taiker> I wondered i-u V 106 cared to have me; but I soon P J , Ste ? heQ woald become a favourite. Before long I noticed him in earnest convernation with a young lady, whom I cannot describe better than by saying she was straw-coloured. Her hair * was strawcoloured, including her eyelashes and eye Mews, bwikfe was itrawooioijred, *ad trimmings of her dress were straw-coloured —in fact, that was the chief characteristic about her appearance. " I never go into ordinary society during Lent," she said, '* and of course we are in the middle of Lent now. I wouldn't go to a theatre or to a dance for the world during Lent, you know, although I adore theatres and dances, as a general thing. But, of course, Airs Price's evenings are different; they are so serious, so intellectual, you know, and we talk on all subjects seriously." " Are you a Catholic ¥' " A Catholic, but not a Roman Catholic. I belong to the Anglican Church, St Mary Magdalene's, you know. It's delightfully high, of course. I hate low churches." "And you don't call this going into ordinary society ?" " Oh dear. no. Of course, I wouldn't come here on a Friday ; but even our curate, the Rev. Mr Cross, is here to- night, and I believe our vicar, the Rev. Canon Tovely, is coming presently, so you see I'm quite safe." " Oh, yes, quite safe," said Stephen with a smile. " Isn't it delightful to see such trast and faith in our spiritual pastors and masters. Mr Edgcumbe ?' said some one close to him. Stephen tarred and saw a man about fifty, with blear eyeB and an iron and grey moustache, who had been introduced to him as Mr Hunter. "Debghtfal, indeed," responded Stephen. ' Not chat I am guilty of such trust and faith myself/' laughed the man, with a leer ; " but-1 appreciate it in those who do, especially in Miss Coolie ;" and he bowed to the straw-coloured young lady. " I'm a sad rake myself," he went on; "but perhaps I'll be converted at the eleventh hour—ha. ha !" Before he could reply, aloud voice arrested bis attention, and it was the voice of a woman. "The great thing needed " she said, "is that our social laws be reformed. For my own part I m a Socialist, and I'm proud of being one. Surely it cannot be right that three millions of people should be left uncertain of the absolute necessities of life, while hereditary landlords revel in wealth they have never earned." " Oh," said Mr Hunter, " our fair friend, Miss Sort, is at it again." " i have juat been reading reports on the dwellings of the poor, and the condition of things is terrjble, terrible in the extreme. Seven, eight, and sometimes a dozen people living in one small room. This must be remedied." " What would you suggest ?" asked some one. " Would it not be well if you set an example by spending a few thousands on model cottages? You might immortalize yourself at the same time." "No, indeed,'' said Miss Dart. "What is wanted, and what lies at the root of the evil, is the fact that the ground is not sufficiently taxed. Nay, I ami, after aU, dealing superficially. What is wanted is that landlordism shall be destroyed. Landlords who have a clear; right to the land to b^ compensated, of course." "Miss Dart is a stockbroker's daughter," said the Rev. Mr Coss to Stephen; " she is a Socialist and a Dissenter. Her father made money by being sharper on the Exchange than other people, and by taking advantage of other men's weakness and ignorance." Dinner was announced, and Stephen sat next to Miss Dart, who seemed pleased at having him for a companion. "Of course you are a Socialist, Mr Edgcumbe ?" she said questioningly, after soup had been served, "I hardly know," replied Stephen. "You see, Socialism is a subject with serious isEues, How do you define it ?" "Oh, the land being nationalized; railroads, coal-mines, gas-works, and ail those things made the property of the people; the House of Lords abolished, and all members of the Commons paid. I should insist on payment of members, or how can we have proper representation, Mr Edgcumbe ? Everybody happy, and just a lovely time to- " It is a beautiful picture, no doubt," said Stephen, " only ihere is the fact of human nature that comes in." t : Oh, I trust the people. I'm a friend of the people, and I perfectly dote on the working man, Mr Edgcumbe—perfectly dote on him. We had one speaking at the Advance Club last night, and he spoke splendidly. Oh, yes, I love the working man; don't you, Mr Edgcumbe ? " " I'm afraid I'm behind the times, Miss Dart; but I'm glad to see yon so enthusiastic;" and he gave her a look which was not lacking in admiration. She was certainly rather handsome. She was not tall, but well formed, and finely developed. Buxom and healthy rather than graceful, she was still fascinating. She was handsomely dressed too, and on her fingers flashed costly lings, while on her neck hung a diamond necklace. " I am glad I have met one so full of sympathy towards the poor. It so happens I am interested in a poor old woman just at present. No doubt yon mil be able to go and see her;" and he related the incident which I have described in the early part of this chapter. "No, Mr Edgcumbe, no," she said; " that is not my way of working. For my own part I don't think much of individual help. Clothing societies and soup kitchens are mere palliatives; they don't go to the root of the matter. And nothing can be done until we deBtroy the present system of things." " And meanwhile the starving must remain starving ? " « Well, you see, we must work in our own way, musn't we, Mr Edgcumbe ? Of course you are in favour of the abolition of capital punishment ? " Stephen shrugged his shoulders ; he was getting a little weary of Miss Dart. Before he oould reply, however, his attention was diverted by a conversation which was being earned on at another part of the table. CHAPTER XVII. UNCONVENTIONAL SOCIETY. *« The FT.*"! who worships in the temple of knowledge must carry his arms with him as our Puritan forefathers had to do when they gathered in their first rude meetinghouses."—OLIVER WENDELL HOLMES. "YeB," said a gentleman, who I after wards learnt was a leader-writer for one of the daily papers, and whose voice had attracted Stephen's attention, "there is no doubt about women having their rights, hope the men will be getting theirs soon, "Men have always had their rights^ but women are being emancipated at last," re' sponded Miss Dart. " Even young girls to day are taking an interest in serioui things." _ "Taking an interest, my dear yonng lady—taking an interest; they are among the most important faotois of our iimts," " And perfectly right." " Oh, doubtless The world has suffered too long for the want "f their experience and influence, far too long. But things are mending ; they are taking the p.aee of the old folks altogether. Time was when they were a little patronised. There were books specially written for yonng girls, and approved "by the older folks; now, as was suggested in a leader in the Daily the other day, tiie young girls onght to sample the libraries and pick out the books not fit for the old folks to read. And really the suggestion is worth considering Why sh'onld the old folks' morals be endangered by the bookB which our girls write and read to-day 1 You see, these old folks mostly beiieve in the sacredness of marriage, and such old-fashioned ideas. Why, then, should books — - be placed in „ their „, lianas dealing with: these questions? Of course, girls should be versed in the seamy Bide of things, and should grapple with marriag relations, improvement of marriage laws, and so on. They should study the life of those heroines who believe in making divorce easy, or, better still, do away with the marriage ceremony altogether. And of course the old folks should have such beokB kept out of their way i they would endanger their old- fashioned codes." Stephen was attracted by the halfbantering, hilf-cynical tone of the speaker, and was a little astonished that the Bpeech caused no surprise ; but then he reflected on the words of his hostess. She hated unconventiality. "For my part," said Miss Dart, "I do not eee why thoughtful women should be tied down to old oodeB of morality. We must think out own thoughts, and adapt ourselves to the times in which we live. If our codes are higher than those gone before, surely the old ones should die out." *' Hear, hear," said a man whom I had not seen before—a man who Mrs. Price assured me pretended to believe in all creedB, so far as they agreed with his own inclinations, and who prided himself upon being called a latitudinarian. " I must agree with our fair friend Miss Dart. Every age must work out its own system; every country must be guided by what it deems brat, regardless of tradition. Besides, what is the use of glossing over matters ? Questions are in the air, and they are talked abont, and I know of no better place to properly discuss them than in novels. For my part I regard the realistic school of novelists as being a great boon in our time." " Meanwhile," said Mr Holland, the leader-writer, " I think the old folks onght to be considered. And so I hope that a few writers of the Dickens and Sir Walter Scott order, who take no delight in so-called modern problems, will be allowed te write for these dear, ignorant old people. O course the mental pabulum of our young people, especially our yonng girls, must be highly, spiced, as they can't be expected to enjoy good old love stories ; but I do plead for the mothers and fathers, who in spite of the spirit of the age, enjoy old-fashioned, healthy romances." "Isn't Mr Holland old-fashioned!" said Miss Dart to Stephen; "that is, he seems to be; but no one really knows what his views are." Stephen answered her as briefly as possible and then turncyl to Mr Holland. "Don't you think," he said, "that the kind of literature issued is altogether a matter of supply and demand?" "I suppose so. The cry is for realism. The critics laugh at books not realistic ; the modern yonng lady throws aside the books not realistic. And so-called realism generally means dirt." " And the publishers V* "The publishers produce that which will selL They are business men, and they respond to the oall of the novel-reading public, which consists mostly of women—young women." "Then the call of young women is for dirt?" "Delightfully frank," said Mrs Price; " but I do like frankness." "But cruelly correct," said Mr Holland. " We move forward, you see," said Mrs Price. "This is a truth-loving age, and we will have truth at whatever cost. Certain things exist, whether we know them or not. How can they be removed unless they are bronght to light ?" •'Excuse me," said Stephen, "but do realistic writers describe certain phases of life for the purpose of reforming them ? Are they not spoken of as necessary accompaniments of our existence, and the natural outcome of our natures?" "Yes," replied Mr Holland, "the modern society novel is delightfully free from moral purpose. You Bee, moral pur- o pose is mimical to art, and the moment * d writer condescends to point a moral he is m regarded as a bore. Oh, you know we must i have art, whatever becomes of morals. Art, as interpreted by a certain clique, Is the god worshipped in literary coteries, my dear friends;" and Mr Holland's grey eyes twinkled; "if ever you write a novel that _ is to be successful, you must bow the knee to the critics' ideas of ART." " And morals?" suggested Stephen. " My dear sir, who troubles abont morals ? Did not Mr Berryman tell as just now that morals were but mere questions of taste, age, education, and nationality—mere trifles, in fact; but art—of course art as popularly understood, never changes." A sally of iaughter was the response to this speech, but I saw by Stephen's^ face that he saw no reason to laugh. His intense nature, wMch had been darkened by his experiences, was deeply moved by this talk. " And what kind of a moral condition does this prove ? what of the general condition of the people whose tastes lie in this direction?" he asked. I saw a general shrug of the shoulders, and then Mr Holland replied— "Logic is a bad thing, Mr Edgcumbe; never trouble with logic. Don't you see where it "will lead you ?" The conversation was becoming more and more painfully interesting to Stephen. To many who sat at the table the questions discussedmeant nothing. True, anything slightly novel was interesting to them, especially if it had a tendency to destroy existing codes ; but as far as the deep, vital issues were concerned, there was little but indifference. Indeed, I am inclined to think that the ordinary diner-out, to whom such questions give the necessary relish to an evening's gathering, never troubles himself deeply. 'Let us have things as highly flavored as we can," is his cry ; but he has no idea how his statements affect sensitive, earnest men and women. For my own part I knew that Stephen was going through an ordeal, and I felt almost sorry that I had been the means of bringing him to this house. However, I could do nothing but wait and see what would follow/' "However," went on Mr Holland, "things will be all right shortly. The women claim now that it is their work to reform that quintessence of Iniquity called man. She says—and by 'she' I mean the emancipated woman—that she is in the majority. In the past, men have made our social codes, but in the future they will be made by women. In the past men have governed the women ; in the future women will govern the men. Ah, those will be glorious times ! Once let women's views, as expressed in society novels, become factors in our legislation, and the milennium will come. I hope I may not live to see that day, much as I admire the fair sex; but then, yon see, I am an old-fashioned man." "For my own part," said Stephen, a flush mantling his face, " I trust, and I am trying to believe, that you are mistaken. I remember I had a mother; and if I lost faith in the purity of womanhood—life would be —different." "Mr Edgcumbe, bold faBt to your beliefs," said Mr Holland. "I tco, remember t> at I had a mother,—and I enshrine my ideal." " We are getting quite sentimental," said Mies Dart. " Quite," said Mr Hunter : " only unfortunately ideals were born in Utopia, and I suspect our mothers were like creatures to the fair sex of to-day, only—more humdrum. No doubt a pink of propriety looks nice in a picture, but she's awfully slow and uninteresting. For my own part, I'm glad there is a little wickedness in the world ; it gives zest, and something to talk about." There was a hideous leer on the man's face aB he spoke, which betokened him to be what he was—a libertine at heart; but his speech went unchallenged, save for a feeble rejoinder from the curate, to which scant respect was > paid. That gentleman left immedi&lely; afterwards, however, pleadihg an engagement^ but I saw that he had I been vezynncpmfortable through the dinner, e) ^ seemed altogether out of his element, The talk of the men over their wine seed not be related here ; at the same time I saw that it affected Stephen. The subject was the frailty of women, instanced by certain actresses and well-kn'-^i nam-* in certain phases of society. N'-^ing brnta'ly plain was said, but by pnuieoi; pnegrp* ions and innuendo these men expret>.-. d tueir ideas concerning morality. Stephen said nothing, but I saw how keenly he listened, especially as Mr Hunter sneered at these men who " believed in the sex." When we joined the ladies, several of them were chatting, while Miss Coolie, the straw- coloured young lady, sang a seng. " I suppose yon know that Miss Coolie is to be married shortly ?" said Miss Dart to Stephen, who took a seat by her side. " No; who is the happy man ?" " Mr Hunter." " Mr Hunter J" "Yes; are you surprised? He's a very good catch." " But she told me she was a communicant at some High Church near here. She gave me the impression that she was a very religious yonng lady. That wouldn't go to a theatre or a dance during Lent, and so on." «' Oh, yes, she's very religious, Orthodox, yon know. I'm religions myself, only net like her. I take a great interest in modern thought, and I belong to the broad sohoel which believes in destroying the creeds. I expect I subscribe to the broad- thinking Unitarian school, the tendency of which is towards agnosticism. That seems the drift a 11 t^oaghtfol people now-a-days. But Miss Coolie is very orthodox, and very high. Goes to early Sacrament and all that, you know, and fasts on the proper days, and is quite a Church devotee." " But Mr Hunter is—is " " No, he's not qnite a saint, is he ?" "But Miss Coolie doesn't know that— that " " Of course she knows, every bo ch knows ; but then he's a good catch, and "it is regarded as qnite the thing." And then, as Miss Coolie stopped rfnging, the conversation drifted into other channels. (To be continued.) 