'BOUT TOWN. (By m A Ghost.') ' But that I'm forbid I could a talc unfold whose lightest word would harrow up thy soul. '—Shakespeare. j The cablegrams tell us that 'The anni versary of Sedan has been kept up in Berlin t.hifl viwr with -rrr»at. nnf-hiiRinjun.' But it is not only in the Fatherland that the great feat of German arms has been celebrated for in South Hay there dwells a patriot, who, notwithstanding his distance from Berlin, ; detained to allow the occasion to pass with out fitting justice being done. So fferr Von Hoopenspile issued invitations to a large, 1 though uot influential, circle of acquain.- I tances to ' Room and be merry for a Ieedle j vile to my blaze und make it som more fun ' as a vake like.' And they went. Fast and: furious flew the Btro⋼ of foaming lager, I should say, Black Horse draught, and the linguistic abilities of the visitors could scarce keep pace with mine host until some gentlemen exceeded the ' retort courteous' and immediately scenes from the Franco German war were in danger of being rex'ived. Herr Von Hoopenspile, at the sound of car nage, rushed out and -(yumped mit bode legs one side dcr fca&e;,' tore off a gigantic paling as easily as tossing off a beer. The fiery war horse spirit of his ancestors rose up iu him, and, as he described it himself next day with a u uppercut mit der jaw ' he swept them over the plain like the French army vere Bwept to Paris. Then with a final Hoo-ray for 'Bismark und dcr Blug 'orse ' they wheeled bim home to bed. They did ' by yingo.' ♦ * * But Herr Von Hoopenspile, to be appre ciated, should be seen iu the giddy mazes of the waltz at a Licensed Victuallers' Ball. ith arms akimbo, bis coat-tails gracefully following the efforts of his near side hind leg, he rose and fell in rythmatical undula tions to the strains of the 44 Blue Danube,' but unlike that beautiful river which flows on and on, our hero twirled and eddied in circles about three feet in diameter. v The great event for which we were saving ourself, the Licensed Victuallers' Ball, iB now over. Rumor had feasted our too tco credulous ear with visions of ever flowing nectar- Some said ten' hogsheads, some twenty. The realisation dispelled those happy dreams, and barring a stray whisky ana soda whenever we could hustle in with the Orchestra wis all that could be got. As we pondered over so much decorum evening dress &c.;, we had once almost taken up u Sosition in the same set with Inspector olinson. Think of it, if presence of mind had not returned, and we had beeu ' spot* ted,' . v They actually enjoyed the dancing, and Heath's face fairly beamed with smiles, but then he was a committeeman. Georgie Sadler is perhaps about the best M.C. in the district, and with good mus e, he kept everyone happy. Secretary Champ was everywhere like a Field Marshal. They say he atone time wielded the sword, H.M. something, Lancers ; but following the ad vice of the poet, he returned to the pen as being ' mightier than the sword,' which recalls Tom Hood when he sang Ben Battle was a soldier bold And used to wars alarms, Bat a cannon ball shot off his legs And he, of course, laid down his arms, *?* There are a few impressions abroad about this Ball whicb, if not corrected, might lead to some innocent persons suffering unjustly. For instance, the Temperance Band did not supply the music. Dan Murray did not wear evening dress, and was not in charge of the refreshments ; he would have sucked 'em all in if he had. Alex Reid did not dance every number with the same lady, and Harry Cooper did uot go baldheaded for him fordoing so. Mr J. E. Pearce did not put in an appearance incog. Sorensen did not put sawdust on the floor with the in tention of tripping up Heath, whom he saw following in his wake. Black Horse Miller did not play an ' extra ' ou the Jews Harp, and Red Lion Long did not dance it on his head. * * * Having arrived home in a well preserved state on Thursday morning, it was a per fectly easy matter to 6troll down to the Academv on Fridav niffht to hear the Hav Musical Society. After a couple or three items, amongst whicb the Professor scored a success in his song ' Oh, stay with me my darling, stay,' (was he thinking of Addie ?) The piece de resistance was served up when the basso profundo sang to pretty Maud Terry 'I love only thee, giddy maid,' it was too much for the gods. (An encore was instated on. Their first concert struck me as being poor, but well patronised ; this one was good, bat poorly patronised. v A well known character who has resided for many years in Lachlan street, died sud denly at his residence on Saturday morning. Quite a gloom was cast over the street, right up as far as Tatt'p., when it became known that ' Wictor' Levy had breathed his last. The closing of the baaks two years ago gave him a great shock, but no alarm had been recently felt by his friends. The deceased has always been recognised, even by the rabbi tiers' dogs which occasionally pass up the street, as the dcscendaut of an intelli gent and aristocratic family of spaniels. His humility and devotion to those about him were recognised as probably the nearest approach to Mr Justice Williams1 new reli gion ' He liveth best who loveth best,' to be found in the district. His family solici tor, Mr Norton, informs us that the deceased ; gentleman has bequeathed 'his memory'! to those who knew him best in Hay. Good dog ' Wictor.' 7— Jf,.MrJSaitor, you will draw 4he atten tion of Boroe'of thfe^S pring-poet* -to tbe -above ~ paragraph you will confer & favor on one who has vainly invoked hirf muse these two days and nights* v Moses ! Seventy suits of new clothes landed in Hay last week at £3 5s each. Cheering news this ; £227 10s spent in rigs out, and all this money gone to a Sydney sweating house. Hay may be considered as rehabilitated, and every second nian you meet has metropolitan made duds on. Te gods? what will our local tailors say to that'' We are freetrade to a man now, and all local industries are to be knocked in a heap. Where is local patriotism t No wonder local tradespeople complain of doll times. If I were in the flesh, I would send away for my sugar, my law, add my beer, and thns help to bast up Hay. Last week in my restless wanderings I saw a tall, rather gaunt man, with a long sleeve coat, and nan-can hat delivering parcels. Had it been .Christmas time I should have con cluded be was making bis rounds . with Christmas presents, bat on inquiry I found he was delivering£ydney made suits to htB \- numerous clients. 