ATROCITIES IN ARMENIA. TERRIBLE FATE OF A PRIEST. The "Special Commissioner" of the Daily Graphic sends a two-column despatch dated " Tnflis, 12th February," which furri-bes ample confirmation of tbe story of fiendish barbarity told by the special correspondent of the Daily Telegraph :— Speaking of the period wben the small body of protesting Armenians, their ammunition given out, had determined upon dispersal, the C jmmissioner writes :—" Wherever an Armenian was found—man, woman, or child—no mercy was shown. Everybody was put to the sword. In this man- hunt the "Kurds joined, until Z?kki Pasha gave the signal for the stoppage of the butchery." Then the Armenians, it seems, somehow got the idea that the Turks were willing that they should return to their homes and s live in peace, " and some of them actually descended tbe mountain and returned to their villages, to find them burnt and destroyed." "The peasants whom I interrogated, who say they are from Galeguean," continues the correspondent, " stated that they went back to their own village and arrived there in time to witness tbe terrible death of a priest who was flayed* alive, and then forced at the point of the bayonet to dance and sing. He died thus singing psalms. " The house of the village Elder, or Res, of Galeguzan was razed to the ground, and in its place an enormouB pit was dug, and 100 peasants—men, women, and children*—were driven into it,-bayoneted, and buried while many of them were still living." At the sight of these horrors a party of four escaped. These " determined to carry off and protect from harm the person of Petros, the village priest of Galeguzui, who much revered for his piety, -and enj >yed a wide reputation. This wise and pious man they took cace of and hid in caveB. They managed to evade the vigilance of the Turks for some time, but they were without food, except wheat, which they ate raw. Ooe night they made a fire and warmed the wheat by it. This fire betrayed them to some Turkish soldiers who were hunting fugitives. The peasant whotold me this seized the one musket possessed by the party, jumped to the mouth of the cive, and was on the point of firing at a Turk who was close npon him, when the priest implored him not to do so. 'I am sorry I listened to him,' said the peasant, 'for at that moment my musket was wrenched out of my hand. I drew my dagger and plunged it into my opponent'* body, the blood spouting all over ine. He grasped me in his arms,.and we both rolled down a steep precipice. I . could bear tbe soldiers call upon me to surrender, but it was impossible for ine tlitop. In rolling over the sharp rocks of the precipice, my face and hands and body tfere torn. When I reached the bottom; my opponent wan dead; The Turks were watching me from .above, hot could not follow. I could oee them: cot off-my brother's ear. He is alive now, and has escaped. The two other men esckped also. But the priest,' the peasant a 1 dded, ' I saw them ontctar j his head was cut open with two blows of the sword,'given in the shape of a cross, so that it was^'plit into four pieces. They then.proceeds1o cut up his body in small circular bits/ " The remainder of the party then escaped, but were ultimately iaptured and drivett back to their villages, and these having been destroyed, they were finally blllettecl upon peasants almost as poor aB themselves. They had in the meantime cried, "Kiflus as you killed the others, for we are djing of starvation," and one body of soldiers to whom they had made a similar appeal had ironically replied, " You have now" a new master, the English Consul. Go to him and ask him to give you food." The correspondent supplies examples of, barbarity that, as he observes, " seem incredible. in these latter days of the nine-' teenth century." " For instance, ten girls were outraged by Turkish soldiers, who offered to marry them if they would change their religion. They refused, and wer* all cut up' ifito pieces. . J " Many women threw themselves from precipice? to escape from the Boldiers, and many killed their children to prevent them from falling into the bands of tbe Turks." " Before leaving the correspondent these simple peasants told him of the, hejoie death of Krikor, the Res, or Elder, of, tha village of Shenik. This brave fellow himelf killed 21 Turks before he fell, Lit, by a ballet, and when he gave, up the ghost there was a' flash of light In the beayfths, which was repeated several tinges, .and'.Convinced the pious peasantry that his spirit was immediately taken up to heaven and is dwelling with the saints." ,. , , The correspondent states, that, from a carefully compiled list prepared by the surviving priests, it would appear that 12,850 men, women, and children have disappeared. ' . ' ~ " : 