HIS OWN ACCUSES.! (BY HODGHTON TOWNLEY.) CHAPTER V.— (Continued.) **Becos Fm most anxious to give it bade, I am; bat arfter the gent's rude behavior I don't think I snail trouble. It wam't a keeper as I- collared, Job, was it? and that -warn't a keeper's gun we found? The* question is, who; was it as wanted to 'Bide his gutij^d' what for? .. That's . wlStt I want to know, Job.' s ' *'It's shootin',' 'said Job, in a half whisper, and with a half frightened, look. ? . '1 could ha' tole you that,' said Nfcky, testily. 'S'welp nie, Job, I do believe you're goin' dotty.' i 'If s shootin' xnen, I mean, Nicky. ' Murder!' and he dropped his voice lower still, and glanced timidly around. j 'Look 'ere, Job,' said Nicky, grasp- ' ing his pewter In a threatening man ner, .'drop it! d'ye hear? Your mind is arrunning on that tack a^ bit too jnueh to-night.'' . . ? ''' /',,,. , '. 'Ay, and it'll run. on it a good bit more.' , ? Both men started to their feet in alarm, and Nicky thrust the necktie and pin. into his pocket, for the outer door was suddenly burst open with a bang as some one hurriedly entered the bar for shelter. They could hear him breathing hard, as though he had been winning, and stamping his feet and ghairiTig .the dripping rain from Ms hat. Job slid along the bench to look through the erack of the door at the newcomer, but the man's back was turned. He could only see that he was dressed in broadcloth, with a light summer overcoat buttoned up to Ms chin, but the figure was fami liar. . ? ? : The barmaid returned to her post' to serve the new customer. 'Give me some br&ndyF; he gasped, Tm wet through.' \ 'Yes, sir.' ' ' The stolid barmaid became very en ergetic, and bustled outNinto the back room and whispered to somebody.' In a moment the fat landlady her self appeared, wiping her ? hands on her apron, intent on serving the cus tomer herself. He was evidently one of some importance, but her greeting was more civil than cordial. 'Good evening, sir, good, evening. The rain is ? ' 'Never mind the rain, give me some brandy.' 'Yes, sir, certainly. What brandy would you like?' 'Brandy, woman, brandy; any kind of brandy. I shall catch my death of cold.' ? 'Yes, sir.' 'Who is it, Job; do yer know 'im?' whispered Nicky to his friend, peer ing through the crack of the door. 'Yes, I. know 'im,' relied Job be tween his clenched tjeetji. _ 'jkefs 'aye a look.' ' -' ??-'- ?'' ??' ?.-? J'- He pulled Job aside asd took posses sion of the point of observation. : The; gemierhan' in- the^ar tvag now! facing in.the direction of the taproom floor, with the light full on his pale face, and he thought he was alone, the bar benig empty. He supported himself with one hand upon the lead en, counter, while with the other he unbuttoned his coat His face was ashen, and. his eyes dilated as with the recollection pf some recent terror. 'Looks for all the world' like as if tJie coppers was on 'is tr^ck, and not far 'behind neither,' whfepered- Nicky. 'I've seen thatlooll srorie now in tUe lookina-g '. 'slaE t,,heh- iaq i '. looking-glass.*' .*, ?,, . ? - The object of his scrutiny had by this time unbuttoned his coat from top to bottom; V Job felt himself suddenly clutched by his comrada 'Look! Look! Look, Job!' whis pered Nicky, in suppressed excite ment, making room for his friend to peep. ~ 'Well, what?' asked the dull- witted Job, after a disappointed scrutiny. 'Can't yer see? . Look again. Look at 'is neck.' 'Can't see no-thin'.' 'Can't yer see, Job— 'is necktie's gom!' Job began -to comprehend. 'It. was *is'n,' he whispered. 'It was 'js gun— the one what he ShOt-: ? ' ?-.-?.. 'Eh?' ? ,? ,-?' ? Til tell -yob' when he's gone, mate.' ♦ * ? * * CHAPTER VI. The reader has no doubt guessed mat it was Stephen Markham who murdered Eddie Wildey' arid secreted the gun in Hazel Wood. In .his guilty fear he had put the weapon there, hardly knowing why, but ? impressed with a vague terror that, i,t might, in some way, tell its own tale. .. -„_ When, however, the rash statements in; the dead man's diaiyU gave ' cre deneejto the theory .of saaleifLey and the whole affair blew over, thei- murderer'js naturally mean spirit .prompted him to recover his gun. ix .was a good one, a useful one, s-reiy- expensive one. On consideration he thought he had bedn very' foolish to leave it there at all. Could a gun speak? Could it bear testimony against him No, he would recover it,' and use it again. What if murder had been done with it— were not all guns made for killing? So he argued with himself, and went stealthily to regain it - - Btit nqjje 'the? gun had become a danger indeed. Two.Jnen had star ted put of the darkness, lad tried to seize the weapon. There 'jpras a strug gle, a shot, ?a-iSBfy from\one: of his as sailants, wholm he had probably yfosm^m^^^m killedj Who and what jvere 4hey, and what had lie done?|r feu ?? 's '.-J*-V ??.'?.;? .-/? ' . After firing-Jte had vflashed 'away blindly intoiBifc 'thicknesgiiaf ^fli^^od, grasping the ^an'3^ -jas -han^'never stopping tmtil-JJe T^i^a the '^ifi^'ena of the' wood.-*ii*3?here ??fie -waited' a «io ment, Sariting'^Sid listening 'to see if he^.wete pursued. ' ; :. Tlf^irun! ~TJi^;gunl ;.:ti;hat wasliiis one fought - - What should hfe - do Tilth. $t? ' ;: *im- -1 '^iV1- ?^?-;--;p~ : ; Th^ssfiummer; lightaing flickered' through the trees and lighted up his pallid iaee, .itnd?*-the rabi ^began to poar:fiown out^f the darkness. Thfe gun! ^pk .gun! He held the iiateful thing ihr his hand! He'^fchrust it.hur^leaiy hieneath the nearest Imsh aad^ldcked itjiniHs far. as it would go^-Then he listened again fearfully (on'-sounds of 3itB ptaiuepsl'^ 'TTlMiiOHly _???? ?? ?. ?*-_'.. ? ? .?- whispering cain. ? His legs shook un der him, and his teeth chattered with superstitious fear. _ . , .1 Tho^e' two? Were they ghosts or evil spirits sent to terrify him? They had come -out of the darkness, before him just as the other two had done on the night of the dinner at the 'Stag,' and he had shoj at them, and there was a loud cry just as there was when he had raised his gun in the darkness and shot young Edflie_ WUde... ','; 'i \- Which way shoiild he turn? It was black darkness on every side except where, in the distance, a |win klirfg light relieved the gloom. Dare he go that way? He dared ( not stay there- ia the darkness and the rain with the light ning flashing wierdly through the trees. He turned and hurried blind ly across the open fields towards the distant light, never stopping to look back. . As the storm increased, so his terror grew. . 'Hanged! Hanged! And I did it!' wailed a voice in the darkness, after a more than usually brilliant flash. : Two ghosts in the form of men again stood out - grimly in the sulphurous light. He heard their voices as they! mocked hiin. He fancied, too, they were pursuing him. ' ' Unspeakable terror— terror such as turns a man's hair grey in a single night— possessed ^im; and he fled away towards the light of the distant inn. CHAPTER VII. Ma.rfrhflin had not meant to kill young Wilde. His gun had been raised to shoot another man, none other than Phil Raynor himself. He had been at the dinner at the Stag Inn, given in honor of Phil's coming of age and the accession to the family estates, which he, Markham, had so long held as trustee. At the dinner hour he had been in sulted — yes, there was no other word for it— by some of the more daring spirits. They talked about him, and at him, and across him at the table, till he was thoroughly maddened by their barbed shafts; yet nothing was done or said that he could reasonably have repudiated. What added to the smart of his hu miliation was the fact that he knew that on the morrow he must render up to Phil, his new master, an account of the stewardship of the Chesfield estates, and that before another day passed Phil woud brand him. as a felon, and perform that unpleasant omce, too, with the greatest satisfac tion. ' ? The fun ait thedinner had waxed fast and furious, and the number of empty champagne and spirit bottles increas ed to an alarming extent The lawyer had not been pressed to drink much, and he kept a cool head; but he soon saw that the abstemious Phil Raynor was hopelessly inebriated by the mixture of liquids forced upon him in his mind as he sat there he pictured the ^new squire of Chesfield .staggering h*ome in the darkness across the fields, intoxicated, helpless. 'Like an inspiration fresh from hell there had flashed across the felon's mind the possibility of intercepting his new' master on his way home and silencing him for ever, thus gaining a short respite from the inevitable dis covery of his .embezzlements. The idea came in an instant, and he grasped it at once. There Tvas, he felt, no time to meditate. It would have to be done at once, or the op portunity would be lost, and. his last chance gone. Wh|lst the revellers were straining ;their lungs in cheering the'' toast of' :The Rose of Hehester,' he stealthily Jef£. them, taking his gun and his car tridge case. -'-' i '... As he quietly slipped out he heard an altercation between Phil and his friend JEddie Wilde. . Phil was in sisting upon going home alone, and threatening to shoot anybody who op posed his wilL Like most gentle and docile people, under the influence of drink he had become -furious and reckless. With swift footsteps Mprfrham made bis way along the footpath to the Bury Meadow, and stationed himself betiind a hedge a few yards from the footpath along which Phil must pass on his way home. Here, in the loneliness of the open fields, and under cover of the night, tie. had waited with bated breath the coming of his unsuspecting victim. All was still except a gentle rust ling wind* which swept past '.'him in little gusts, cooling the heavy sweat which stood out in beads upon his .forehead. . ? ? . . He waited awhile with chattering teeth, but no Phil made his appear ance. The long minutes crept by slowly, oh, so «lowly, and gave him time to thinli,*to repent, to turn co ward. ' -V. But he tried not to think. He clenched his teeth and grasped his double-barrelled . gun with .an iron grip, and would not 'allow himself to answer the taunts of conscience. ,^'JYou dare not do it,' whispered con science; 'it Is murder! Give It up, and fly the country before it is too late.' . - ; \- He only gripped his gun the tighter and shut his ears. ??You may foe found oxit, and then you will be in a much worse plight Give it up, it is too desperate. You may not kill him, only wound him, and that would mean only a short respite.' -His hands only clenched the gun— and, listen! . , ? - ? ; There is a sound of slow, heaip footsteps. Now is title time or never! In another moment the approach ing shadow wfll be passing «long on the other side of the hedge, right op-' posrte to where he is kneeling. He thrusts Ms. guu through the hedge, and levels it -to -his shoulder. The footsteps are quite sear now; In another moment he sees a .moving figure before him, asd fires! ? . / A muffled ehot booms -through the* clammy night mist— a stifled gasp and #^geavy fall, and the murderer knows ids- shot has taken effect s ';r ; ' But the next instant his heprtetands 'still, .for he hears the:TOice dr.ihe dying man cry feebly, . .fEnO, . I -am shot!' and he knows it is ESdie/Wilae he has slain./ . . ' ' . ?-*'_ ,?:'.?. He sees Phil's form stand swaying forjf a moment* over bisr^* trate:£r frienid, then a lurch ^and :;a:. hideous drunken Laugh, as the poor fellow, overcome by the fumes of the noxi olis 'drink, falls senseless beside his dying friend. . ' ... .;'.-'/ , '. '.?'„.'?' Terror* tof-k possession of tiie bun gler murderer. The shot hevhad fired seemed to resound like a roar^of can nonade. Inhls fear* he imagined the whole countryside' rushing to the spot W*ebnBtej3ia$L^ : -.™' ^ - ??: ? - ?''.?'. v With stealthy footsteps, at first slow, then faster and faster, he crept away, until he reached the stile at the edge of Hazel Wood. Next over the stile and down the footpath leading away through the wood to the high road. He carried in his hand the heavy ?gun, and for a moment he felt that it was the gun and not he that had committed the awful blunder, and he wanted to get rid of it He was now nearing the gate lead;. ing to the roadQ and he feared to go' out on to the highway with the wea pon. Dread p«nnpted him to hide it, so he turned out of the footpath to a big thick bush looming in the black ness, and thrust the gun underneath it . This done, back to the footpath -again, listening all the while for th$ sound of pursuing footsteps, and from thence on to the road. The road led straight away to his own house, which was soon reached, and once' inside he breathed more freely. With consummate cunning he pur sued his ordinary household routine as though nothing- unusual had happened. But when the inmates of the house retired to rest he cast aside the mast! \- He was desperate now, and when he came to reason things out he cursed himself for a fool for not discharging the other barrel of his gun at Phil Ray nor, thus accomplishing the - task he had set. himself to da He could not sleep, but as a precau tion he undressed and went to bed like an innocent, peaceful citizen, When, the morning dawned he was up watching from his window. From it he could see the country for miles round, and in the distance the Bury Meadow quite plainly. The morning mists were hanging over it, and at first he could distinguish nothing; but when the mists cleared in the early morning light he saw. dis tinctly two dark objects on the ground. Then one of them moved, and next he witnessed from afar off the scene which formed the first chapter of fhis story. He held his breath as he saw Phil stagger away from the dead body of the friend he supposed himself to have murdered. Was he going to raise an alarm? thought the murderer. But no, he did not make for the near est habitation, but hurried away to wards his house like a guilty thing. Patiently the murderer watched from his window the development of events. No help came from Chesfield Hall, whither Phil had gone, and he was puzzled. What was the meaning of it? Why did not young Raynor bring help to his friend? With a flash the truth rushed upon him, and sent a thrill of relief to his guilty, heart He realised that Phil Raynor, awaking from a drunken sleep and finding himself beside the dead body of his friend, must have-imagined himself in some way accountable for his death. When, after two hours' watching, Markham saw the dead body discov ered by a laborer going to work, and others hurrying to the scene within a few minutes, his conclusions were strengthened. Then came the inquest and telegrams flying to America, where Eddie's relations were, and by the irony of fate Mr. Stephen Mark ham, solicitor, and one of the dead man's bitterest enemies, was deputed by a distant relation to watch the case On behalf of the deceased's family. The reader knows the rest— how at the uv quest Phil's strange emotion and the falsehood he told about the time of parting with his friend, confirmed Markham's suspicions that the new squire really believed himself the mur derer. In another's error the crafty villain eaw his own escape. At any time he could put suspicion upon Phil, and he meant to do it if his own neck were in danger. CHAPTER VIIL Just as the hard truths of life are stranger than fiction, so the coinciden ces of life defy invention. At about the same time that our loquacious friend Nobson took the spent shot from bis fellow-poacher's boot telling him to keep it for luck, another person was handling and examining a spent shot, exactly similar in appearance, weight and bore, turning it over in his fingers, and looking at it thoughtfully. But there all similarity. ended, for whereas the shot in Job Cassidy's possession had spent itself harmlessly, the other had brought to a sudden termination a young and promising life. It was Dr. Chester, Pauline's 'father, who held the missile in his hand. It was lying in his open palm, and he was looking at it by the light of his consult ing-room lamp. The shot was the one that had put an end to the life of Eddie Wilde. It was in this room, with its cosy armchairs and shelves of books, that the motherless Pauline loved to sit in the evening with the father she idolised. The doctor to-night was alone, and as he held the fatal shot under the light of the lamp his. face was grave and perplexed. . He adjusted his gold rimmed spectacles two or three times, and turned the missile over and over. 'An ugly-looking shot,' he mur mured, 'an ugly shot to be in a man's gun out partridge shooting. Why, one would almost be inclined to call that a bullet I am no sportsman, but I don't think that is the usual thing for par tridges. How absurd of me not to have noticed the fact before the in quest! Poor fellow! he must have -meditated the act very deliberately to have loaded Sis gun with a. thing like ?that And yet'£- cannot think he meant to shoot M'-yfrfr. And the diaryfc : True, the wording, wds .very ?wild, and pointed to suicide, and yet— I must look at it again.' , * He took, from a side drawer the little pocket diary and read the* me morable entries. ? . : . -'??- Then he turned back back some few .months and read the entries there. The1 first one that caught his eye was, this: '':??» 'July 5th. 'T think ..I.'- most be in 4ove with Pauline; iwft:l cannot tell her. There is something so simple and stately about her that I feel a fool in. her 'company. 'She is t»o ?goofl for a ch^ap like me. I feel afraid of ,fcer.' ' : ,'Poop -MIow! ' ,Ppof feiloVpi*; 1innr-; mnre&^e^'aj^tated.-'%Lfjierf as tears filled his. eyes. He could not help feeling proud of his beautifuldaughter —proud to thkik that his Pauline pos sessed the power to sway 'men's des tinies even to the brink of the grave. : Somehow Dr. Chester did not feel iobjkihaiy' disposed rrtowards Philip BayBor. thU-OTenlag. --?WmJB}a&'-m9&. thy of her? he asked himself, and ask ed in vain. Then he turned again to the written pages.- 'Ah, here is one of the entries t can't understand. 'January 10th. * ' 'Raining— raining all day, and yes terday, and the day before. . Can't hunt, can't do anything. I think the best thing I can do is to shoot my self, or somebody else, fcy way of ex citement.' 'Strange,' muttered the doctor, as| his thoughts wandered on; 'that ex-J pression occurs over and over again, and is most palpably not the expres sion of a man- predisposed to suicide, but rather that of a thoughtless, reck less youth9 of. changeable mood.' How strange that the former entries should have been overlooked at the inquest Yet— yet it . might have been unplea sant for '. Philip. He 'was placed in a very awkward position by the action of his friend, and— Pshaw! it could never have' come to that— Pauline's affianced husband! in the dock for murder! No, it is too horrible to think of!' He. put the little diary back into the drawer, and again took the shot to the lamp. At that moment Pauline entered-tiie room, biit so quietly that her entry was unobserved. The doctor was lost in contemplation of the object in his hand. (To be continued.) 