[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] THE VENETIAN; OR, ALL FOR HONOUR BY MISS BL E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," " Aurora Floyd," The Cloven Foot," " Dead Men's Shoes," " Just as I am, " Taken at the Flood," " Dead Sea Fruit," " Phantom Fortune," " Like and Unlike," " Weavers and Welt," &c.; CHAPTER XXIX. (Continued). " 'TIS NOT THE BLUE MOON, NEVER MORE CAN BE." " I start by mail for Southampton," he wrote. " Till 7 I shall be within reach of a telegram at the Travellers, if you change your mind. Before to-morrow night I shall be outward bound ; but till to-morrow night a wire to the Post Office at Southampton would find me. I have made no plans as yet, but you may think of me as an exile and a wanderer. I will send you tidings of' my whereabouts from time to time, so that, if ever you relent, you may call me back. I will go from you to the utter- most end of the earth." He was gone. She had been obeyed. The w rench was over and now she had to face life calmly and deliberately without him. She had sacrificed all that was dearest to her on this earth to the shadow of the dead. She had made her choice between the dead and the living. Could she have chosen otherwise V That was the question she asked herself when she had locked the door of her room and was alone with her misery, walking to and fro among the familiar surroundings which had been the background of a happy union. How could she have chosen otherwise ? She refused admittance to her mind in the usual hour of dressing. She had a headache, and would not go down to dinner. Later in the evening she wandered about the house, looking at the rooms in which she had been so happy remembering the days of her courtship, when those rooms were still new to her, and seemed to realise all she had ever imagined of luxury and refinement, an elegant simplicity which seemed an emanation of her mother-in-law's mind and character. She went about bidding The rooms good-bye, looking at them for the last time, as she believed, for she meant to depart on her journey early next morning. On thinking over the" question of her future, she rejected the notion of that return to the old home of which she had spoken to Vansittart. To depart whither ? She could not go to her sister's at Fernhurst, the refuge which she would Instinctively have. chosen, content to hide herself in the humble home of her girlhood, to live the old unluxurious life, to sit by the cottage hearth, and read the tattered old volumes of Scott and Dickens and Lytton and Thncke lay, and try to think herself it girl again, he girl who' had never seen the face of' Jack Vansittart. Fernhurst would not do. It was too near Lady Hartley ; It was not remote enough from Merewood. She had to find some abiding place which should be unknown to all the world, except the servant who went with her. She did not feel herself equal to travelling without a servant. The ways of' luxury had spoiled her for the ways of' independence. She was no longer the same young woman who used to head an early exhibition from Haslemere to Waterloo, travelling third-class amongst soldiers and workmen, to be first in the scramble for bargains at a sale of drapery. Sing felt herself powerless, in her bruised and broken state, to face the confusion of a crowded railway station. The be- wilderment of foreign travel, with Its stringent demands upon the traveller's calmness and intelligence. She found her maid waiting for her in her bedroom, with a tea tray, and a meal of cold chicken, fruit, and jelly set out temptingly to beguile her into sat- in. " You have had nothing since lunch, ma'am." I can't eat anything yes." as the servant looked distressed. " some bread and butter. You "will leave that and the tea but take away all the rest, please. And then give me Bradshaw-and I want, you to pack before you go to bed. li is not very late, Is it ?" looking hopelessly at the watch on her chatelaine, but unable to see the quaint, old figures in the heaviness of her tired eyes. "Past 11. ma'am, but I can pack to-night. If you like. Are we to leave early to-morrow V" Eve turned the leaves of Bradshaw before she answered, pored over a page for a few minutes "Tins Continental train leaves Char- ing Cross at S," Mio said. '* Then I must certainly park to-night, ma'am. Shall I take many dresses evening gowns tea gowns V Shall you be going out much in the evenings I shan't he going out at all. Take my plainest milking gowns ; one black evening gown will do. Take plenty of things. I shall be abroad a long time." " It is very sudden, ma'am." faltered Benson, who was honestly fond of her miStress. Yes. It is very sudden. You must not ask me any questions." You must take it on trust that there is nothing wrong in my life." '* Oh. ma'am. I should never think that whatever happened. I know you too well. Are we going to Mr. Vansittart V" " No. Benson. We are going away from him. Mr. Vansittart and I have parted for ever. Please don't speak of it to anyone downstairs. I want to avoid all talk and scandal. I tell you because you are going wit If nie. You will share in my new life if you like to go." " I would go to the end of the world with you. ma'am. But dear, dear dear, to think that you and Mr. Vansittart can be parted-you who have been so happy together, like children almost. It can only be a passing misunderstand- ing. I am sure of that." " Benson, if you guess and speculate about my trouble I shall go alone. Can't you understand that there are griefs that won't bear to be spoken of' '.' Mine is one of them. I am going abroad ; I hardly know where as yet. To some quiet place in Brittany br Normandy most likely, where I can just exist." . , " Oh, my dear, mistress, you will kill yourself with grief." sobbed Benson, as she poured out the text for her mistress. Willie Benson wits packing, with all the dexterity and method of an accomplished packer, Eve was employed in writing the most difficult letter she had ever written in her, life She was writing to her husband's mother, the woman who had received her at first reluctantly, but afterwards with tenderness and motherly affec- tion ; the woman who had surrendered the sea she adored to the wife he had chosen for himself, and who looked to that wife for tliedinppiucss of her son's future years. Penniless, the daughter of a disreputable father, with no social surroundings or family influence to recommend her, she had been accepted by Jack Vansittart's relations ; petted and praised by his sister ; lovingly cherished by his mother and for recompense of her trust in her what was she going to give them ? She was going to spoil her husband's life in the heydey of youth and love to leave him bound in wedlock and yet .conipanlonless ; with a wife and mo- wife. He could not divorce her ; she could not divorce him His son was not of the kind which breaks marriage bonds. What could she say to her mother-in-law which could in any manner explain or justify the parting of husband and wife who, until yesterday, had been living together in seemingly happiest union V There was no explanation, no justification possible. The mystery of those two broken hearts must remain for ever a mystery to their kindred and the world. " My husband and I have agreed to part, and our parting must needs be for a lifetime," she wrote. " We can tell no one our reasons, not won you mother, who of all people have the strongest right to question as. I'm faithfulness or lessening of love has nothing to do with our separation. I never loved my husband better than I love him now ; or, at least, I never know the strength of my love for him so well as I know it now. What must be must be. It is Pate, and not our own wills, that divides us. Wherever he may go my heart goes with him. Think of me with indulgence if you can ; pity me if you can, for I have direct HPIHI of your pity." She said nothing about her destination. She had not made up her mind yet where she was to go. She sat for an hour or more turning the leaves of the Continental time-table : now think- ing she would go by Ostend. and to the Ardennes and then again deciding upon Brittany. It mattered nothing to her where she went : all places were alike, except for her desire to avoid (the people she know. Finally she decided upon crossing in St. Malo by the bon! that left Southamp- ton at five o'clock next day. and from St. Malo to Divan or Avranches. She would avoid the seaside, where English visitors would he likely to be met at this season. The Not man and Breton towns she knew by repute is places where people lived quietly and economically, forgotten by the world. The same post which brought Mrs. Yiitislilnil Five's letters fields London brought her a letter from her son, were left from Southampton. " You will be surprised at the address from which I write, and still more surprised when I tell you that Somlmnipton is only the first stage on my journey, to South Africa.' 1 sail from here to the Cape, and from thence shall make my way to whichever portion of the Du ric Continent promises best for health and enjoyment at this time of year. Do not be uneasy about me, my dear mother. I shall take, counsel with, experienced travellers before I turn my back upon the civilised world and I shall not go to meet forer, famine, or, assassination. You shall hear from me at each stage of' my wanderings. I do not go as a scientific explorer, or as a sportsman in quest of' big game. I go with a desire to escape from civilisation, monotony, and my own thoughts, which just now is of the saddest. " A cloud lins spreads itself between" Eve and me, and we two. who were no happy in each other's affection a little while ago. have agreed to part I fear, never again to live together. I cannot tell you our reasons, for they involve a secret, the revelations of which would be disastrous to mother only secret I ever kept from you live is blameless chaste and faithful as in the beginning of our wedded lives. I implore you to think of her always with affection ; to shelter and cherish her if ever she ap- peals to your love or claims your protection. She is entitled to your respect and to your pity. The only sinner-never a deliberate sinner-is your son, who in his sim tiered domestic life pays the forfeit of one unhappy act." CHAPTER XXX. A Double Exile. Of those wedded lovers, parted in the noontide of their loved-one carried his wounded henri to the wilderness, man sought for tranquillity of' spirit in a life of movement and peril ; the other, sorts weaker vessel, had no such large resources. The life of adventure, the ever-changing horizon, were not for her. She could only creep to some quiet hat on and bit alone and brood upon her grief. She went kind to Avrauclies : then late in the autumn she took a fancy to the solitude of soul St. Michel, the quaint monastic citadel, the fortress on rock and here, when the last of the tourists had gone, and the equinoctial gales were burning fiercely round the gothic towers, she. took up her abode in an Lipari ment specially prepared for her by the cheery patience of the inn at the Onto, an apartment upon the imparts, with windows looking wide over the- sea to Contance and Jersey. Benson, who had a constitution of iron, complained bitterly of this wind- swept rock, yet had to own later that her health had never been better. Eves stopped here late into the win 1er. sketching a little, reading a great deal, wandering on the sands in all weathers, and sometimes wishing that her footsteps would take her to mt Eva rest to that portion of the bay where, as in the Kelpie's How, sorrow might 11 ud a grave. An imprudent ramble In the marshy , fields between Pontoon and Hua Mount, which left her belated in the mists of a November evening, resulted in congestion of the lungs. She had contrive J to lose herself a mung those salt meadows as completely as ever her husband had lost himself in Mashotiii land, and it was eleven o'clock when she and her whimpering attendant tot- tered along the causeway leading to the gales of the fortress, foot-sore and weary, their shoes worn out In that long tramp over the coarse grass and the sandy hillocks. . Benson telegraphed to Miss Marchant at Fernhurst, and Sophy appeared on the scene as quickly as boat and rail, and a wretched fly from Avranches with harness eked out by bits of rope, could bring her. Sophy was broken-hearted at this cruel turn, which her sister's bright fortunes had taken, and agonised with remorseful retrospection, It was she, perhaps, whose Imprudent tongue had parted husband and wife, had destroyed that happy home. Sophy hated herself for the folly of that revelation. Why could she not have let well alone '.' Why could she not have left undisturbed that happy state of things by which she herself had profited so richly V Looking back upon her conduct of that fatal week, she saw that it was her own u disappointment which had soured her. and her own selfish vexation which had made her so angry with Vansittart. It was a long time before Eve was well enough for serious talk of any kind. She rallied slowly, and during His monotonous days of her convalescence she was treated as a child, who must only hear smooth and pleasant things ; but when she was well again, quite well, save for That little hacking cough, which seemed to have become an element of her being. Sophy ventured to approach the subject of her domestic sorrows. "I have been utterly miserable since that day I left Charles-street." sale Sophy, 'seated beside Eve's easy chair, and resting her forehead on the cushioned arm as she talked so that her face was invisible. " I have hated myself for speaking of your husband as I did only upon hearsay. After all. Mr. Sef- ton might have misinterpreted Jack's conduct. It might all have been a mistake." " li was a mistake, Sophy." " Oh, I am so glad, You found out at once that Mr. Sefton was wrong;." " Yes." '. Thank God ! But then," looking up at her sister in blank astonishment. " if that is so why are you parted, Jack and you V" "That is our secret. Sophy." " But why, but why V I can't understand. There could only be one reason for your leaving him when you loved him so dearly. Nothing but the knowledge of his Infidelity would justify-'' " Slop, Sophy," said Eve, peremptorily. " There is nothing gained by speculating about other people's business. My husband and I have our own reasons for taking different roads. LAW have never quarrelled, we have never ceased to care for each other. I shall love him with all my heart, and mind, and strength, till my last breath." I guess your reason," answered Sophy, nodding, sagaciously. "lie is an Atheist, and you, who have always been a good Church woman. could not go on living with an unbeliever." " Oh, Sophy, do you think I would forsake him because he was without hope or comfort from God ? Why do you tease me with foolish guesses- ? I tell you again the reason of our parting is our secret. A secret that will go down with me to the grave." ' Sophie's eager imagination can not in the world of mystery. Politics, Free masonry, Hypnotism. Theosophy, Nihilism, hereditary madness. epilepsy, hydrophobia, a family ghost, a family fatality That lively mind of hers touched each possibility, rejected each. flow oil' in Hut next. And lustily, with a sigh of' relief, she exclaimed " 1 inn more thankful than I can say that it was not my imprudent tongue Which parted you." An hour later, walking alone on the ramparts, she told herself that in all probability this desolate wife was only throwing dust in her eyes, sunk liner Van- Sittart inconstancy had been clearly demonstrated in accordance with Sef- ton's story. It would be only like a devoted wife to violate truth in order to vindicate her husband. Pride and love would alike urges her to deny her husband's infidelity. (To be continued on Saturday.) 