SONS OF FIRE. BY MIS3 BRADDON, ; Author of "Lady And ley's Seoret," "Tha Fatal Three," "The-Day .will Come, "The Doo tor's Wife," "Thou art the Man," &o.; CHAPTER. XXXII. \- AM, IN HONOUR. " It was nearly a month after Lady Emilys appearance aa Diaoombe, and there had been no letter from Geoffrey'. Every day bad in1 oreaaed Mrs. Wornook'a anxiety, and in the ' faoe of an ever-growing fear there had been a tacit avoidanoeof all mention of the absent arm, both on the part of bia mother and of Suzette. I'hey had talked of mueio, of the gardens, of the poor, and of the lateBt develop- ' menta in that soienoe of the supernatural in which Mra. Wornook'a interest had ' never abated, and in whioh her faith had never been entirely shaken. Onoe in the midat of discussing the last number of the Physical Magazine with Suzette —a sad sceptic—she said quietly— " Whatever has happened, I know he is not dead. I must have seen bim. I must have known. There would have boon Borne sign." Suzette wsb silent. Not for worlds would ehe have dashed a faith Whioh buoyed up the fainting spirit. Yet it needed but some dreadful dream, she reflected, a dead faoe seen ' amidst the clouds of sleep, to change this blind confidence into despair. It was in the evening folio wing this con versa- . tion that Suzette was sitting at her piauo alone in her own drawing-room, playing front memory, and losing herself in the web of a Hungarian nocturne, which was to her like thinking in inusia—tbo oomposer's learned eequenoes and obangea of key seeming only a vague exprossson of her own Badness. Her father was dining out—a man's dinner—a dis sipation he rarely allowed himself; and Suzette was relieved from her evening task of playing chess, reading aloud, or listening to tiger stories, whioh had lost none oi their in terest from familiarity, the fondly loved father being the hero of every adventure. Sbe was glad to be hlone to-night, for her heart was full of dread of the uewe whioh the next African letter might bring. She bad tried to make light of the leader's death; yet ehe, too, ^thought with a ehudder of the two young men alone, inexperienced, end, one of them at least, reckless and daring even to folly. That wailing Hungarian reverie, with its minormodulations,seemed toshapeitself intoa d ream of A f rioa, the endless j ungle, the vastnees of swamp and river, the beauty and the terror of gigantio waterfalls, huge walls of water, a river leaping over a preoipice into a gulf of darkness and snow-white foam. The ecenes of which she had been reading lately ' orowded into her mind, and tilled it with aohmg fears. "Suzette!" A voioe oalled to her eoftly from the open window. She looked up, tiembling and cold, with an awful fear. His voioe—Ueoffrey's—a spectral voioe—the voice- of a ghost calling to her, the unbeliever, from the other side of the world—calling, in death or after death, to the woman the living man had loved. She rose, with a faint scream, and rushed to the window, and was clasped in the living Geoffrey's arms, on the threshold, between the garden and the room. Gad ebe flung herself into his arms in her fear and great sur prise? or had he seized her as she ran to him? She oould not tell. She knew only that she was sobbing on hiB breast, olasped in two gaunt arms, whioh hold her as in a grasp of iron. "Geoffrey Geoffrey! Alive and well! What delight for your p;oor mother? Was she not wild with hatipinesB?" she asked when he released her, after a shower of kisses upon forehead and lips, wbioh she pretended to ignore. She oould nob begin quarrelling with him in these first moments of delighted Burprise. Ho followed her into tho room, and she saw his faoe in the light of the lamp on the piano —worn, wan, haggard, wasted, but with eyes that were full of fire and gladness. "Suzette, Suzette!" ho cried, olasping her hands, and trying to draw hot to hie heart again, "it was worth a journey over half the world to find you! So sweet, so fair ! All that my dreams have shown me, night after night, night after night! Ab, love, we have never been parted. Your image has never. left me." "Africa has done you no good. You are as full of wild rouBenae hb ever," she aaid, trying to take the situation lightly, yet trembling with emotion, her iiearb beating loud and fast, her eyes hardly daring to meet the eyes that dwelt upon her face so fondly. "Tell me about your mother. Was she not surprised—happy?" " I hope she will be a little glad. I haven' aeon her yet." " Nob seen—your mother?" "No, child. A man oan't have two lode stars. I name straight from Zanzibar to this house. I came home to you, Suzette." " But you will go tho Manor directly? Your poor mother has been so miserable about you. Don't lose a minute in making her happy." " Lose! these minutes are gold ; the most preoions minutes of my life. Oil, Suzette, how cruel you were ! Why did you you drive me from you?" She was in his arms again, held olosely in those wasted arms, oaught in the ooils of that passionate love, she eoarcely knew how. He was taking everything for granted, and she koew not how to resist him. She had no argument to offer against that triumphant love. " Cruel, cruel, cruel Suzette! Two years of exile—two wasted lonely yeare—years of fond longing and looking back ! Why did you send me away? No, t won't ask. It was all in honour, all in honour. My dearest is made up of honourable earuplea and delicate sympa thies which this rough natuie of mind can't understand. But you loved me, Suzette. You loved me from the flret aa I loved you. Our hearts went out to meet each other over the bridge of my violin—flew out to each other in a burst of melody. And we will go on loving each other till the last breath—the last faint glimmer of life's brief candle. Ah, love, forgive me if I rave. I am beside my self with joy." "I think you are a little out of your miud," Bhe faltered. She let him rave. She accepted the situa tion. Ah, surely, surely, it wsb this man she loved. It was this eager spirit whioh hfed passed like a breath of fire between her and Allan; this masterful nature which bad pos sessed itself of her heart, as a mere chattel that muBt necda be the prize of the strongest. She submitted to the tyranny of a love which would not accept defeat; and presently they eat down side by side in the eoft lamplight, close to the piano which she loved only a 'littie less than if it were human. They eat down aide by side, his arm still round the slim waist, plighted lovers. 'Tour Allan she sighed, with a remorse ful pang. " Mas he genu down to Suffolk?" "To Suffolk? He ia on iheOongo—past Stanley Palls, I hope, by tbistime," "On the Congo 1 You have left him? Quite alone I Oh, Geoffrey, how oould yon?" ''Why not? He ii sale enough. He knows the country as well nil left him near Kaaaongo, where he oould get as big a train and as many stores as he wanted; tnough we have done nowadays with long trains, armies of porters, and a mountainous load of provi sions." " What will Lady Emily say ? She will be dreadfully unhappy. 1 oould not have be lieved you and Allan would uart company alter Mr. Patrington'e death.'' V Why not? We were both strangers in -the laud. He knows how to take oare of him Self as well as I do." "But two men—companions and friends—" surely they wculd be Bafer than one English man travelling alone?" said Suzette, deeply distressed at the thought of what Allans mother would suffer when she knew that her eon's comrade had left him. "Do youtbink two men aresafer from fever, poisoned arrows, the bursting of e gun, the swamping of aoanoe? My deareit, Allan ia just as safe alone as he was when he was one uf three. He bad learnt a good deal about the country, and he knew how to manage the natives, and be had stores and ammunition, and the means of getting plenty more. Dou't let me see that sweet faou clouded. Ah, my love, my love, I Bhall novor forget your wel ' coming smile—Che light upon your face as you ran to the window. 1 had always believed in your love—always — even when you were cruellest; but to-night I know—1 know that I am the ohosun one." He let his head sink on her shoulder, and nestled against her, like a child at rest near his mother's heart. How could sho resist a lovo so fervent, so resolute—a spirit like Satan's—not to be ohangud by place or time. It is the lover who will not be denied—the selfish, impetuous, unscrupulous lover who has always the bettor ohauoe; and in a case like this it was a foregone conclusion that he who oame baok first would be tbe winner. The first strong appeal to the heart that had been tried by absence and anxiety, the first, return ing wave of romanbin love. It was something more tban a lover's return. It was the awakening of love from a long sleep >that had seemed dull and grey and hopeless as death. "I thought you would never come back," sighed Suzette, resigning herself to the tyranny of theoonqueror, content at last to be taken by a coup de main. " I was afraid you and Allan would be loft in that dreadful country; and I had to make believe to think you as safe as if you were in the next parish, I bad to be cheerful and full of hopefulness, for your mother's sake. Your poor mother," starting up suddenly. "Oh, Geoffrey, how cruel that we should be sitting here while ehe is left in ignorance of your return; and Bhe has Buffered an agony of fear since she heard of poor Mr. I'atrington's death. It is shame ful ! You must go to her this instant." " Must I, my queen and mistress?" "This instant. It will he a shook to her— even in the joy of your return—to see how thin and haggard you have grown. What suffering you must have gone through." "Only one kind of suffering—only one malady, Suzette. I was aiok for love of you. liovc made ma do forced marches ; love kept me awake at nights. Impatience was the fever that burnt in my blood— love and long ing for yon. Vex, yes, lam going,"as she put her hand through his arm and led him to the window. "I will he at my mother's feet in half an hour, kneeling to ask for herblessingon my betrothal. There will bo a double joy for her, Suzette, in my homecoming and my hap piness. I left her a restless, unquiet spirit. 1 go back to her tamed end happy." " Yes, yes, only go ! Remember that every minute of ber life of late has been a minute of anxiety. And she loves you so devotedly, Geoffrey. She has only you to love." "I am going, but uot till you have told me how soon, Suzette." " How soon—what?" "Our marriage." " Geoffrey, bow absurd of you to talk aboub that, when I hardly kuow that we are en gaged. " . " I know it. We are bound and plighted as never lovers were, to my knowledge, since Romeo and Juliet. How long did Romeo wait, Suzette? Twenty- four hours, I think. I shall have to wait longer — for a special licence." "Geoffrey, unless you hurry away to the Manor thi» instant I will never speak civilly to you again." " Why, what a fury my love can be 1 What an exquisite termagant 1 Yes, I will wait for the lioenoe. Gome to the gate with me, Suzette." They went through the dusky garden to the old-fashioned five-barred gate which opened on to a circular drive. The night was oool aud and grey, and the white bloom of a oatalpa tree gleamed ghostlike among the dark masseB of the shrubbery. A bat wheeled aaross the grsyness in front of the lovers, as they kissed and parted. "Until loan get tbo licence,"he repeated, with his happy laugh. " We'll wait for nothing else." "You will have to wait for me," she answered, tossing up ber head, and running away, a swift white figure, vanishing in the bend of the drive as he stood watohing ber. "Thank God !" be ejaaulated. "The reward is worth all that haB gone before." 