The Melanesian Mission. QUEENSLAND AND THE LABOUR TRADE. The following information concerning the Melanesain Mission was given to a reporter by Bishop Wilson, the head of the mission:— . The work of the mission was com menced by the first Bishop Selwyn in 1§49. It was adopted by the Bishops of Australasia as the mission work of the Australasian Church at its Synod in 1850\. In 1855 Mr. Patteson Joined it, and in 1861 was consecrated first Bishop 9f Melanesia. In 1867 the headquarters were removed from Auckland to Norfolk Island. In 1871 Bishop Patteson was killed at Nukapu, with the Rev. J. Atkin and S. Taroanlaro. In 1877 the Rev. J. R. Selwyn was consecrated second Bishop, and In 1892 resigned, after a long illness. In 1894 the Rev. Cecil Wilson, the present Bishop, was consecrated. There are now 122 schools on twenty six different islands. Many other islands are visited, but as yet have no schools. The mission numbers 8929 bap tised native Christians, and 12,000 more are under instruction. Adult baptisms number about 500 every year. There are 8000 Melaneslan labourers In Queens land and 2000 In FIJI. Before crossing* to Australia, Bishop Wilson had been In New Zealand, where he had been taking round some twenty two " boys" from the college of the mis sion at Norfolk Island, partly to educate them, partly to show the New Zealand people what Melaneslans were like, and partly to stir up interest in the work of the mission. He had brought them over In the mission steamer, the Southern Cross. The mission field of Melanesia, he explained, extends from the New Hebrides up to the Solomons. Beyond that there is practically no limit north wards to the islands given over to "Bishop Selwyn originally by his letters patent and now forming the field for the Melan esian Mission. The farthest pointy now touched is Ysabel ; beyond that are the large islands of New Georgia, Bougain ville, and Choiseul, which are being visited as oppor tun ties allow, with the hope of their being included in the sphere of regular work bo soon as they have men In sufficient numbers. There are also many other islands at present un touched—namely, vanikoro, Tupua, and the Duff Group. There is, however, a kind of unwrit ten compact between the different reli gious bodies as to the regions in which they shall work. The London Mis sionary Society, for instance, works generally in the Western Pacific, the Wesleyans In the Fljts, the Presbyte rians in the Southern New Hebrides, and the Roman Catholics in the Lcyalty Islands. The Melaneslan Mis sion therefore does not interfere in any of these fields, and its own field Is not encroached upon by the others. -Alto gether the Bishop has about thirty Is lands within his diocese, but the work of Christianisatlon Is only being car ried on in about twenty-six at the pre sent time. The population of these Is lands, varying from 86 to 40,000, is esti mated at 150,610. The total number of natives baptised is 8929, confirmed 1111, and under instruction 12,183. The schools established number 126, and there are altogether about 400 teachers. TRAINING THE YOUNG PEOPLE. "Our system," said Bishop Wilson, "is to go round the islands In the Southern Cross, and pick up boys of about 12 years of age. If they are willing to come we carry them off to Norfolk Is land and givfe them eight or ten years training at St. Barnabas's College. We teach them reading, writing, and arith metic, and of course Christian .religion, and when a boy has been there eight or ten years he knows his New Testament and Prayer Book, and he is able to go back and teach .his own people In their own dialect. We do not teach them in English. We halve taken one language to be the- lingua franca—that of the is land of Mota. This the boys learn In about three months, and when they go back to their islands they are able to teach their fellow countrymen in their own dialects. We have working amongst the islands 396 who have passed through this course of training, and there are 126 achools, with over 12,000 scholars attending them. The Southern Cross makes three voyages in the year, picking up the boys and their wives, where they have any, and give them four or Aye years training. We let the boys go home every two years for a holiday, and generally arrange to have three boys as teachers at every school. There are only twelve white men work ing the mission, and they travel round and superintend what is being done. Old Bishop Selwyn, who started the work, said tbat the work should be done "with a black net with white corks," so that it is really a native mis sion to natives, with white men super intending. Is the training you give the natives, I Inquired, purely literary and reli gious ?—Oh, no, replied the Bishop. We. have 1100 acres of land at Norfolk Island, and this is cultivated. When the morning school is over, at half-past 9 o'clock, most of the boys go for three hours' work on the farm. Some of them go to the printing office ; some to the kitchen to cook for the rest ; and some to wash the clothes. In addition to that, we are beginning now to teach them carpentering. When they return to their islands do you find that they put the practical or manual part of their training to use ?— Yes, but they have little time to <to more than teach. Of course they have to do their own gardening, and what they have learned helps them to do it. PERMANENCY OF EFFECTS. Do you find that the training given has a permanent influence on the Islan ders ?—Yes. They scarcely ever give us any trouble. When I went round last year I saw pretty well all of the 400 teachers, and there were only three who had fallen away. It Is quite* '*>. mistake to Imagine that these natives are backboneless, and cannot stand outward pressure. When they have been thoroughly Christianised—when they have been really impressed- with the Christian stamp, as they are after eight years training at Norfolk Island they stand far better than white men. The South Sea Island native Is capable of making a first-rate Christian, and not a very poor Christian, as people Beem to imagine in Queensland. We find that the Queensland Christian Kanaka when he goes back very often throws his Christianity aside. He says tho w.'i.'tc man's religion is a good thing in the white man's country, because it keeps him from prison, from drink, and bad ways, but he does not want It there. There is no drink, no prison, and no bad ways there. This shows that the impression made upon him here is a very slight one indeed. The tliect of the training at Norfolk Island Is en tirely different. When a man has been so deeply impressed with Christianity as he is there, he does not throw away his • religion. He is a far better Christian than most white people. He is really an educated man, and has come to believe In God as much in the Islands as In the white man's country. In the old days he believed profoundly In charms and ghosts, and now he believes as profoundly in God and Christ. In New Zealand everyone was very kind, and one boy in particular was very much Impressed by their goodness. He asked me, " Are there any heathens in New Zealand ?" I replied, " I daresay there are not many who call themselves heathens, but there are a great many prodigal sons," and the boy was aston ished. He thought one or two might be, but that many should quite aston ished him. These islanders are very susceptible to religious Impressions are they not ? —They are very susceptible to religious impressions, and If you impress religion deeply upon them, it will make them strong Christians, and they will be able to teach their own people and impress them with the Christian stamp too, so that an Island with a good teacher will entirely alter its character. An in stance of this is afforded by the Island of Florida, which in 1880 was one of the worst of the Solomons. Lieutenant Bower, of H.M.S. Sandfly, was killed here, and the Dancing Wave and other trading ships were cut out as well. This is a Christian island now, and it owes its Christianity largely to a native boy who went through all kinds of perse cution. Take another case—the Malata or Malayta Island. This is almost the largest of the Eastern Solomon Islands. It has the reputation of containing the fiercest cannibals in the Pacific. Bishop Patteson brought away Joe Wate from Saa to Norfolk Island. Returning home, he started a small school In 1878. Much opposed by the heathen it was cursed and closed for a time, but re opened a few miles farther on at Aulu. Another small school at Port Adam struggled on till the teachers had to flee for their lives, and the scholars were scattered. Many Malata people have gone to Queensland and Fiji as labourers, and some of these having come under Christian influences, are re turning full of zeal for the evangelisa tion of their countrymen. INFLUENCE OF TRADERS. Do you meet with great hostility in what may be termed the wild islands ?—Yes. Hostility very often arises from the traders telling the chiefs that if they have mis sionary boys there they will lose their power, and will be chiefs no • longer. In that way the traders very often keep out civilisation and Chris tianity from the islands. And then the native is only too inclined to believe that every disease and malady comes from the school, and the traders working on this the natives are hostile to the school at first, but not after a time. At the island of Ulawa they opposed us tooth and nail. Bishop Patteson, however, brought away Walter Waaro as the first scholar, and in 1879 he returned home and started a school. His friend, Clement Marau, of Merlav, Banks Islands, joined him, and married and ' settled there. After much opposition three schools were established, and are doing good work. It was, however, three years before they made a single convert.but now after eleven years half Ulawa Is Christianised, and the heathens all round try to live on the Christian side. The heathens on their side told us last year that the school had done so much good that if we would give them back a certain teacher they would all come to the school. We have got in one teacher at Guadalcanar, which is the largest and finest Island in the Melan eslan Mission, and has a population of 30,000. The teacher is the only known Christian on the island, though thou sands of the natives have been to Queens land. Cicero, it Is said, had a theory that any disease could be overcome by fasting, and often abstained from food for days at a time, drinking only water. During April a succession of religious festi vals ia to take plaoe in Venice to celebrate tha 800 th anniversary of the consecration of St. Mark's. According to tradition the church was*, first built in 828, when the body of St Mirk, was sent from Alexandria to Venice ; a large patt of this church was destroyed by fire in 936, when the present edifice was begun. It was not completed till over a hundred years later. The Berlin " Lokal Anzeiger" publishes a telegram from St. Petersburg stating that a ukase has been issued abolishing the use of the knout for the punishment of certain offences committed by the peasantry, who have hitherto been completely at the mercy of the local judges in this respect. Statistics, the telegram says, were submitted to the Czar showing that in the last ten years 3000 persons, mostly guilty of thefts of produce from farmers, had died after punishment with the knout. Despatches from Port of Spain, Trinidad, announce the business quarter to have been destroyed by fire, the damage being estimated at $4,000,000. Fifty men were landed from her Majesty's sloop Buzzard and 250 from the United States warships New York, Raleigh, and Cincinnati, to assist in fighting the fire, and it waa chiefly due to their efforts that the reat of he town was saved. Nbw Nbck Abbakobments. [See " Dress and Fashion,"] New Nick ABBAKoBAouns [See "Dieaa and Fashion."] add a little minced parsley, ohives if the flavour is liked, and capers; stir all this in some good mayonnaise sauce, then fill up the little oases with the mixture, mask them over with either mayonnaise or mayonnaise au tomatoes (this is made by mixing together a gill eaoh of mayon naise, aspic jelly, and tomato puree, or at a pinch Frenon conserve de tomatoes), stick a turned olivo filled with anchovy butter on the top, and servo the case? garnished with water cress. Banana Chablotte. —Slice some bananas lengthwise and divide the slices into strip? of half the width. Line a plain mould with a little tinted jelly, and set strips of banana in a star at the bottom and diagonally around the Hides. Mix together a pint and a-half of cream, half a pint of uncoloured jelly, and two table spoonfuls of pounded sugar, flavour as desired, whisk to a stiff froth, fill the mould, cover with banana strips, and ice as usual. I am indebted to the well-known Brisbane caterer, M. Jean de Raeve, for the recipe for banana charlotte, whioh is a sweet of his own invention, and has been served at ball suppers of the most reoherobe kind. 