THE MARCHIONESS OFTHE FOUR CORNERS, couplets in Tsia mc& A OJS.3MADIAH S®OJRY. » G. B. BURGIN, Author of "His Lordship," "A Quaker Girl," " Bread of Tears, ' ' .&o.; All Qubenslaxd Rights RstanvKD.J; CHAPTER I. "Tho Marohiouess" of tho Four Cornors was aroused from deep alumbor by a loud drumming on tho gaol door. Hor fittlo room oponed upon tho gaol kitchen. Sho found it handy, not only for tho sako of tho additional warmth of tho huire stovo. bnt as beinir further away from tho guol itsolf. of which sho had a wholcsomo terror over Binco a countryman of hers ("Tho Mnrohionoss" had firnt scon tho light ih Middlesex, England died nuddonly on usomowhut rough scaffold in tho gaol yard. Tho countrymnu in question, aftor killing: tlirco raon with nn nxo, and burning: two women to death with tho powerful aid of a kcrosino lamp, pleaded hereditary insanity when brought to trial. In a' now country liko Canada suoh pious aro looked upon with marked disfavour; conse quently tho Englishman- in question had paid tho'ponalty of liin crimes. In his lust moments, howovor, having heard that "The Marchioness" was h countrywoman of his, and that sho it was who prepared tho dolioato meuls whioh softened his captivity, tho murdorer had re quested tho plossuro of her company at his obsequios. " Tho Marohionoss" not daring to refuse this dcliouto mark of appreciation, but trembling with torror, had stood bosido tlio freshly-dug gravo in one corner of the gaol yard, holding u dog's-oured prayorbook in one hand, borrowed for tho occasion, and a blaok- hordered handkoroldof in tho otlior, thus ndo- . quately evincing her rcBpoct fur 1 ' tho diseuHod, " as she over afterwards called her countryman. Up to tho time uf that memorablo experience, "Tho Marohionoss," slab-footed, . angular, with watery gray eyes, narrow, sloping shoulders, and scanty wisps of hay-coloured liair, had uovcr known an oloonont of romanoe in tno twenty-one years of her life. Sho had been picked up by a philanthropic society and shipped to Canada in tho liopo that there would ho a pluoo for her in that generous, ample-bosomed country. When sho roaohod the Four Cornors, howovor, tho gonorul opinion was that Canada hud no room for so " witless acrittur." "Tho Murohioness" sut on. her hox nt tho end of tho whurf. "Ob, if you ploase, take mo to gaol" wus all . she answered in reply to the questioning crowd. When it was found that sbo had arrived at the Four Corners in a s mi-public capacity, as it wore, tliut is, fuototum und "hired girl," to cook fur the guol stuff and prisoners, general com miseration was folt for tho gaolers and their lambs. "It's sorter pluyin it low down on tho pris'nora. Why, tho sight of thut scrawny, tallow-faced, ongainly female oughter tuko away whut little appotito thoy'vo got loft," said Abo Millur, as he watched " Tho Mur ohioness" disappear within the frowning gates of tho giiol. " Tho Marchioness's" apparent insensibility at tho funeral of her ornng oountrymun (in reality alio hud boon almost beside herself with fright) tonded still less to wia for her the liking of Four Corner folks. Sho was not sooiabla; she kept herself to herself, nnd, crowning sin of all, novor got any fatter on all the good food whioh she ate. During her brief holiday "Tho Murohioness" always strolled away into tho hush in proferenco to mingling with die giddy crowd, although it was popularly rumoured that no mosquito would tonoh her, no horsefly cast u pasaiug glunoo in her direc tion. 5$o had no friends, no aims, no umbitionH, np desires save to do hor work and to be loft alone. Sho was always grimy. Hence hor soubriquet .of "Tho Marohioness" by a facotious fellow-countryman who onoe stayed with tho Presbyterian minister, and wont away deeply depressed by the sight of hor unp ralloloa uglincHS. Folk from the back settlements had a lurking idou that she wus an English lady of high degree who was allowed to keop hor title when hanishod to Canada by tho English Government on oacount of her "homely" appearance. "Tho Marchioness" generally kept her tompor. She lost it once, howovor, whoa a denizen of tho bush, wishing to ally himself with tho English nristooraoy, had proposod to hor to Bhare his framobouso ana gehorally desirable, if somewhat primitive, lot. After a brief oyelonio interval of impassioned roproaohes from tho lady, ho found himself fleeing for dear life, hotly pursued by " Kio Marohionoss" with a chopper. "VVhon called upon for an explanation of this Borsokor fury "The Murohioness" had no explanation to offer. A blush of virgin modesty snffiiBed her thin, sallow cheeks, and she continned chopping suot with tho weapon which bad so affrighted hor simple wooer, Tho general opinion was that Zoko Fergusson had been too prooipitato, and that "Tho Marchioness" had upheld tho honour of her ancient- lineage in a highly boooming, if somcwhut cccontrio, mannor. For tho brief spaco of a week there was a revulsion of publio opinion in her favour, and it was during that sunny interval of popular estoom that tho Four Corners "News" alludod to her as "The fuir denizen of a sunless clime who now dwelt in unobtrusive perennial use fulness within our walls." "Tho Mar chioness," indifforent to this dolioato compli ment, howovor, refused to subsoribo to tho paper, and public opinion onoe more veered round and loft her as before — "Remote, nn- friendod, niclanoholy, slow." Raising horself on. one olbow "Tho Mar ohioness" ctimo baok to mundane things with a horrid prevision that something unusual wqs about to happen. The noiso continued. And above the liammoring at the door sho recognised tho deputy sheriff's stentorian tonos. Hastily slipping on her gown .and tyingup hor soauty looks with a piooo of tape, "The Marohionoss" entered tho hall. Tho iron doors clanged open as Gaoler Grange camo into the corridor from tho gaol, whioh crossed tho houso in tho shape of the lettorT. " What is it, Marohionoss f"- ho asked, not unkindly. " You git hack to bod agin, or thoro won't he uny hreukfust to-morrow." " Tho Maruhioness" nodded inexpressively. " It's the deputy sheriff, " sho auid. " There's somebody u-gronnln' nnd a-moanin' 'nough to give you tho chills. I think there's boon a fight!" " Oh, you think tltar's - boon a fight. We'll soon see about that. Sure the sheriff's thar." "Yob," said' "Tho Marohioness," simply. " Can't you hear him swear P" ' This > was couolusivo testimony. Grange drew his rcvolvor. "Hold' tho light, Mar ohionoss. Mayho it's a plant to rcsoue Tim. Flannigan before ho goes to Kingston Peni tentiary. Are yougame to open tho door P" "Yes," said "Too Marohioness;" "they won't hurt ino." , Sho unbarred the heavy iron door as she spoke.- - " Who's thar P" demanded the gaoler. "Mo," said tho sheriff. Then, with a touch of professional- pride, "aud Slim Peto." "Tho Marchioness" uearly dropped her light as sho peered out into tko darkness of tlio spring night. "Thoy'vo got him," sho said to tho gaoler. " Yes, we've got him," answered tho sheriff from tho darkness. \- A thrill of exoltomant ran through "Tho Maraliioness's" passlvo nature. Sho peered into tho darkness again. Throo or four men Btood round a prostrato figure, wliloli thoy essayed to lift; but whioh slipped from thoir grasp and rolled limply back on the grass, whore it lay qnita still. A mook white moon struggled faintly ovor tho tops of tho trees, and oast a flickering, un certain light on tho group. "I'll lift his hoadj" said tho sheriff; "you tako his hcolB, Wright ; Jim Cuss, you run ovor to git Doc. Dlokmsou." Tho mon bore their limp burden into the ball, and lot it slip in tho samo expressionless way on tho floor. Blood ran from a wound in tho man's side. His lmndsoino faoo was sickly white, tho long black onrls wliioli hung round making it paler than it really was. And still that thin red stream welled up from tho wound nhd ran across the floor. "Tho Marohionoss" put down tho oandln. "Lift him on that sofy," eho commanded, authoritativoly. fjho loft tlio liall and speedily returned with water and eomo bnen bandagos. Ono of tho men undid Slim Pete's white shirt. " Tho Marchioness" gavo a little gasp as slio saw tlio gaping wound causfd by tho Hlioriff's kowio. " Don't touch him," sho said almost ficrcoly, ns tlmt worthy approached to survov his work with mournful, albeit pro fessional, pndo. "Leave him to mo." mini Poto oponed his oyes aud faintly raised himself on ono elbow. A aliuilo of disappoint ment swopt over hiB fueo as he saw tho limp, loan-Marohioness. "Well, nlioriff," ho said, good humuurodly : "got mo at last? It wusn'C a fair fight in tho dark." "You're so slippery," the nlioriff said, apologetically, to his prisoner. "I lind to knife you, Poto, or yoh'd have gono off again." Tho prisoner mndo a sign to ovoryono oxeopt tho sheriff and " Tlio Marohionoss" to retire. " Gomo hero," ho said faintly to the former. "Shoriff, there's no call to — to mention names in (his little sorimmngo. If I pog out it's all right ; if I don't, you can prove you caught me round tho settlement and arrested mo for shooting Timber Juko last your on sight." "But," skid tho shoriff, confusedly, "how about tho girl f Sho sent mo word you was to moot hor at Stimson'H bush, and " I 'lowod to catob you thar." Slim Poto looked at tho sheriff with a hazy sooni in liia handsome oyes. "You're dream ing, Bhoriff," ho said. "Dreaming. Thoro's no' girl in this business, so nono of your darned foolishness. A nice thing it would l)o for any girl afterwards if it was known sho given mo into your bloodthirsty hands." A dawn of comprehension shorn) in tho sheriff's faoo. Ho and Slim Poto had boon old frionds before ono bccumo shoriff mid tho othor shot Timber Juko. He nodded. "All right, Pete," ho said. "Thar wmn't no girl there." Tho other gripped liis wrist. "For suro, old man,'.' he said, anxiously. "For sure," answorod tho sheriff, following up his ouo. " 'Twas sooh a dark night it mont ha' been a ghost or a dead tree I took for Stim — " "Shnt up," said Slim Pete. "This lady here doesn't want to hoar any more of your lies," "Tlio Marohioness" nodded affirmatively, and motlonod tho sheriff to louve tlio room. An tho dootor did not come, sho rondo her pationt oomfortablo with pillows, gavo him somothing oooling to drink, shaded tho light, and told him to go to sleep. "What's your numer' asked tlio captive, with a groan. "Tho Marohioness" struggled to remember. "Ellen Waters,'.' slin auid Ht last. "Thoy call mo ' Tho Marohionoss.' " " Permit mo to thank you, Miss Waters, for your exertions on my behalf. Is. tlicro a watoh in iny waistcoat ? Bring it hore." "Tho Marchioness" brought it to him, after fumbling about among hia clothes in tho somi- darknoss. "Hore it is," sho said, wonder- ingly- " Como a littlo nearer," said Slim Fete. "Tho Marohioness" obeyed. Slim Pate throw tho long chain of tho watoh ovor her soraggy lieok. "That's for you," ho said, and sunk book unconscious. " Tho Marohioness" felt a strango thrill of pleasure at the touch of tho gold clium on her nook us sho hnStonod to rovivo hor ocuoutrio charge. TJi®" sho shadod tho light nguiu and lay down on tho floor bosido hor pationt and went to sleep. 1 CHAPTER II. Publio opinion was strongly in favourof "Tho Marohioness's" course of action as tiuio went on. Hor unwearying euro of Slim Pete grew to ho looked upon by tho inhabitants of the Font Corners as a delicato recognition of a diffidont bouso of indebtedness to Canada nnd Oanudians generally. In reply to tl<o guolor's offer to procure him a hired nurse, Slim Poto had somewhat roughly refused to allow anyone gIbo to minister to his wonts. Tho haudsomo dosporado remarked, with a touoh of irony, that no scandal oould possibly arise under the oiroumstanocs, owing to "The Marohioness's" lank of personal bhurm and beauty ; and also thut as this was probably tho Inst timo which anyone could havo a ehanco of criticising him ho preferred to give friends and foes alike as littlo opportunity as possible. The shoriff, who wus sitting in tho room at tho timo, nodded a cordial acquicsconco. In his private capacity he mourned ovor Poto's approaohiug exit from this world with a vory real sonao of griof ; as shoriff, bo folt that ha deserved well of tho State; bnt those footings wore rather conflicting at timos, und lod liim to wish that Poto had escaped nltogetbor. An ha crossed tho orook on tho way homo after his oustomary chat, with Slim Peto ono afternoon ho was aware qf a fomiuine figure slowly pre ceding him in tho direotion of Stimson'u pas ture. The Bhoriff frowned and followed the lady like flgnro in front as it daintily strolled along, a parasol shading Miss Stimson's delicate complexion from tho hoat of tlio spring sun. The ladv, with an affeetution of indifferonoo, almost allowed' him to pass her. Then sho turned her flashing durk oyes on liim,' und bowed. The Bhcriff, mindful of past encounters with thi handsome coquetto, was about to Btroll by, but Bbo Btsyod liim with a light touoh of lior gloved hand. "How is your interesting patient ?" she asked, in tones whioh sho strove to render ioily okill The sheriff turned on her ficrcoly. " You ought to know," ho said, " it's your doing his life's nearly ended. All you womon are miko. Doves one momont and catamounts tho noxt. You're ruined him. That fight with Timber Jake was all along of you ; and then bccauao you heard those lies about Pete and that wido w at the Springs you set me on his track. I wish I'd put a bullot through myself." Sho pointed to a log. " Sit down," sho said, imperiously, and tho shoriff, unable to moot her fierce eyes, meekly did so. "You've had tho impertinenoo to critioiso me," she said. "Dia you know I was ongaged to himf" The sheriff started. "You'vo been engaged to hulf-a-dozen other foolB who believed in you," he said, bitterly. " Weren't you one of tho fools yoursolf?" she asked, with an affectation of endeavouring to reaomhor whioh mado him flinch. "Likely enough," liu said, sullonly. "That's 110 reason I should lmife Poto." " I had indisputable proof ho was ongagod to a woman at tho Rack Settlements. Now. do you woud6r why I lured him down here aud tola you of our mectiug placo'i I wanted to seo him jailed— to repay, scorn for soorn — to mako him suffer as I'vo suffered." Tho shoriff surveyed her with a curious smile as she sat on tho log idly tracing u pattern in the soft moss with tho point ofhor parasol. "So thut was it," ho said, quiotly. " "Well, it's a lib. I'vo known Poto sfnoo he was ahoy; and ho novor Hod to a friend or forgave an onomy. Your name was on his UpH whon I knifed him ; and now he's dying you ought to bo tho miBorablest woman in tlio Four Cornors, for it's nil your work." Hor ohooks blanched slightly us sbo realised the evil Iter ungovoraublo temper and mischief had brought to Slim Peto. But, with feminine Inoonaistenoy, thoro wus a glad light iaher eyes also. .Ho '.liad not boon untruo to hor after. all. "Are you sure ho'll dio sho asked. ' ' \- Tho sheriff roughly shook off hor entreating touch. ' " If he don't dio at my hands, ho dies at tho hands of tho law for killing Timber Juko last' your. 1 You know whoso work that wns ! Doo. Dioklnson says ho oan't last moro'n a couple of days." Ha looked at hor savugoly again, and then glanced despairingly round on tho soft beauty of tho aceuo. "To think bo's got to loavo all tliis through you and iuo !" ho said; slowly, his stolid nuturo stirred to dopths of bitterest grief. "All through you and me. Tho cleverest littlo ouss in tho world settled by his best friend and his host girl." Sho did not notice his vehomonoc, but slowly sat down again as if thinking oat tho situation in all its hideous reality. "Will you tuko him a message from moP" sho asked. "Say I'll come to liim to-'morrow ovening. I'd como to-night, only ho must ho prepared for what I'm going to do." Sho scribbled a few lines on a slip of paper and handed it to tlio shoriff. "Give him that;" and boforo tho slioriff could protest sho had glided away into tho cool dopths of tlio hush. That evening Slim Poto lay languidly watch ing "Tlio Marohioness," -who sat at a littlo tablobyhis bedside. Something tiokled him hugoly as ho crumpled up Miss Stimson's noto, nnd took ft cooling drink from "Tho Mnr- cliiouesR." Ho was too weak to lift it to his lips, but sho quiotly supported him, watching his overy movement, her own poor expression less oyes somowhat hiflumed through want of sloop and unremitting exertion on beliulf of this handsome Boupcgruco. "GotoBlcop," slio said, bor task 'accom plished, and sponlnug m hor oustomary woodony, oxprcssionloss voice. " Go to sloop, or you'll got wapd'rin' again, and callhi' mo Semprouia." "Turn up tho lamp a littlo," imperiously said Slim Peto. "I'm not sloepy to night. Marchioness, suppose wo talk about — oh, about Sompronia; commonly known ns Miss Stimson." "Tho Marohionoss" mndo a gesture of dis sent, but Slim Poto smiled at her oloquontly, und Bhe turned up tho lump. " 'Twont mako any difference," no said. "I'vo only n fow moro hours to live. Old Doo. Dickinson told mo to-day, Marohioness." Again sho shook her head. "Oh, it's true. Bring your chair . up and listen." "Tlio Marohioness" brought her ohuir nearer to tho bod. "Whon a man's going homo," said Pete, " ho's got a lot of things to think of. I'm going homo, Marohioness — homo to tho grave yard bosido tho urcok thoro. Going to lio in tlio otornul silonco till I'm called to Judgmont and tako my chaucos with worso raon tlinn I'vo beou. I ki'lod Timbor Juko, who onoowasa friend of mine, through a row about her, and ho'd sworn to bill mo on sight. They enll it ft murdor down hero." " I'vo heard it wun a fair fight," said " The' Marohionoss," soothingly. "I novor yet wont baok on a friend nor broko my word to ft woman, ".81im -Peto do- olared, staring straight up at tho eoiiing as if tracing his past life on its whito surfaoo. "I s'pouo that's tho reason my own friends killed mo, holpqd by the woman who swore she lovod mo, I don't blame tho sheriff ; ho couldn't help himself; sho oould, or why did sho toll ma ho wus out of tho way and thou lot him'sot a trap for mo. I could navo got away if her arms hndn't clang to my neok. . What- would you do to suoh' a woman, Murohioness P" He laughed, but thoro wits a torriblo expression of hatred and rovengo in his burning eyes. "Tho Marohioness" showod littlo emotion. " I know sho wus a bad 'un," sho said briefly. " Precisely, Marchioness," returned' tne invalid, still seeing patterns on the ceiling "You havo summed up tho situation with characteristic truth. What mado you look aftor mo bu carefully P" "The Marchioness" paused a moment. " You're a bud 'un too." Slim Pnte's oyos camo down from tho eoiiing, and- ho laughed. "I've been moro sinned against than sinning : but that's whut every- ono says on a death- bod. Aro you aware, Marchioness, that whoa a man hilB boon trioked ho naturally desires to got oven with tho person who trioked him P" "Tho Murohioness" thought of the chopper opisode, and nodded affirmatively. "I'vo boen trinkod by ono woman andyot l trust you, Marohioness." His oyes blazed angrily at hor. " Will you do whatl wont?" "Yes," said "Tho Murohioness," in her misiomiiry wooden way. . " If T says it:I docs ' Onn you writo P" "A little," replied "Tho Maiohioness," doubtfully. -. "And spoil P" " I liko to spell my own way," roluotantly admitted MisH Waters. " Very well, then. Get some paper and ink. Wliore's Miss StimBon'B lottorP" "Hero," suid " The1 Marchioness," taking it from tho bed, as a faint flash of colour rose in hor sallow oheoks. "Read it," said tho Invalid, restlessly. CHAPTER IH. " Tho Marohionoss" took tho little soented note and tried to deoipher an impassioned plou for forgivonoss. Tho widow's immo was freoly used by Miss Stimson as an oxouso ' for hor premeditated treachery. " I have been mado" — read "Tho Marohionoss." "No, it isn't ' mudc,' it's 1 mod.' I havo been mad, but to prove my love for you I will marry you on your doath-hod if you send mo one wordol forgiveness and consout." Wlian "Tho Marohioness" como to this part of Miss Stimson's appeal eho looked up for a moment; tho curious little flush on lier sallow cheeks deepening still more. Slim Pete wutohed hor intontly. "Murohinno-P," ho suid, "before I seek the happy hunting grounds isn't thoro anything 1 can do for yoti ?" . ' "Tho Marchioness" made ho answer, hut approaohod Slim Poto to rearrange his pillows. Tho shade of tho lump hid her faoo, but it could not conocul hor shambling gait and awkward movoments, her largo rod hands, her wide mouth, and unevon, discoloured teeth. Slim Poto reached up his thin white hand and hold hor huge fingers for one moment in ble feeble grasp. " Marchioness," he said, with a boyish smile 'on his face, "you've boon a good ehuin ti> mo. Now you shall see the fun." "Tho Marchioness" coughod in an em barrassed way and looked for a moment at the hand wliibh lie had touohed. it seomoil rougher, rodder, cuiirser than over. Then she went baalc to the table. " What eliull I say ?" "Better not write," he suid. "Just go round to Stimson's and ask for her. ' Say 1 expect hor here at seven to-morrow night, und will make all tho necessary arrangements. As you go out i-end in Lawyer Johnson." "The Murohioness" mado hor self-willed charge oomfortable, and slowly decked herself in ber ono attempt at coherent costume— a huge red shawl, tho joy of hor uneventful life. A straw liat with green ' ribbons afforded u chaste but pleasing contrast to tho shawl. After surveying herself in the same dull un- impersonal way at tho glass she made an ex- euse to ro-outer Slim Peto's room, with a faint desire in her hesrt that he she eld asc his ambassadress to Miss Stimson so regally attired. Fortunatoly fur Slim Foto'e peace of mind (ho hud a pretty taste in dress aud orna ments, as Miss Stimson very well knew) that worthy again slept softly. "The Mar chioness" had never kissod a man in her life. As she watohed the thin, handsome, boyish face before her, mid saw ono weak white hand upon tho ooverlot, a Strango Budden feeling stirred in lier heart. Sho put her largo hana to her breast as if to still ramo unluokod-for pain, thou; bending over Slim Pate, touched his fnrehciid with hor clumsy lips. Bltm Poto stirred and muttorod that feminine name whioh "Tho Maruhioness" hud learnt to recognise ss portaim'ng to Miss Stimsun. She hesitated no longor, but shuffled off along the sidowalk upmi her errand. - Tho next oventug it was manifest to the most inexperienced eye that Slim Pete's race wnBjnoarly run. Tlio shoriff's practised bowio had penetrated too far and deep for nature to tolerate suoh au outrago. Slim I'oto was by far tho most unooneerned of the' littlo group. Now and then be raised himself oil hie elbow and lookod inquiringly at the olook, bat the effort cxhaustod him and ho sank hack again. At half-past six ho mado u sign to "Tho Maruhioness" to lift him up ia bed. Doctor Diokmsun and Lawyor Johnson talked ia whispers. at tho othor end of tho room with littlo Mr. Phipps, the Presbyterian minister. At a sign from the invalid they all oamo forward, the sheriff, half hidden behind tho curtains,' sorrowfully waiting far the and. "Gontlenion," said Slim Pete, ih weak tones, " I'm going home. As you all know, I've some littlo property still left. Thoso skunks of relatione of mine, who haven't been near me, will do their beBt to get it whon I'm dond. " Ono,, woman betrayod mo; another woman did her best to save me. The woman who betrayed mo's rioh and beautiful, courted and ' admired ; tho woman who nursed ; mo, who's never' loft mo night and day, ia poor and neglected, a stranger. She'd no call to look aftor mo. anil I don't lay unything up . against the shoriff. He did his duty. Sbo a inore'u done hers. And I want to mako her soroo amonds. Now I'm going to marry her, atid I ohorgoyou, gentlemen, to. see sho isn't robbed whon I'm gono," Tlio sheriff camo from behind the ourtains and knolt down by tho side of the dying man. "Pete, Poto, don't take on about hor,"- ho said; "I'll see justice done. Couldn't you say a word to ' mako things easier for mo P I'm main sorry, Pete.!' Tho invalid looked at him with an amiiscd smilo, in whioh boyish tenderness struggled against a sense of reaent wrong. "You alters was a soft-hearted old fool, Jim," ho sold, relapsing into dialect. ""Wo'ro about square now." At n sign from the dying man Mr. Phipps draw near, and tho ceremony proceeded whioh wns to transform "The Marohioness'' into Mrs. Peto Lonllard. Half stupefied by this turn of ovonto, hut wholly unresisting, "Tho Marohionoss," olnd in hor red shawl, nllowod herself to be placed at tho dying man's bodsido. Whon tho brief ceremony wus over Peto gavo a littlo gasp of satisfaction, and his thin fingers, guided by tho lawyor, proceeded to sign a will by whioh ho bequeathed nil his "real and personal ostute whatsoever and wheresoever tho samo might bo or oonslst of unto and to tho use of his wife." This eorcmony over, tho invalid lay huok with half-closed oyes as if waiting for some thing to huppou. Someone knocked at tho door, and tho knook seemed to recall Slim Pete's spirit from tho border-land Of death. "Let her in," he whisporod. "Lot hor in." "Tho Marchioness" opened thodoof. Miss Stimson walked in nnd flung ' herself woOping at tho side of tho bod. Sum Poto surveyod hor with a somewhat amused smile, Ah tho dootor turned tlio lump-wick higher Slim Peto's smilo hcoamo moro pronounced. "Gentloinon, you soothis lady?" ho askod. Thoy nodded ussont. " Ask lior, Jim," said Poto, weakly— very weakly — "iuk — her — if — sho's ready to— mar — ry moP" Tho sheriff gravely advanood and put tho quostlon to Miss Stimson, who driod hor team, and also relapsod into tho diulcot of hor child hood whon sno, tho shoriff, and Slim Poto had run about bare-footed littlo children through tlio village. " Quit this fooling," sho said, with imparity. Then hor oyoR softoncd, as sho turned towards tho bed. "Peto," sho said, "Pete, you know inymad, bittor tompor. I betray eu you to that bruto there (sho pointed to tho sheriff with a gesture of loathing), to that bruto who stabbod you in tlio dork ; but I shull repent it in snekolotli and ashes to my last day, . I will bo yours in death if not in jifo," and sho looked round as if oxpooting Mr. Phipps to bogin. ' Poto laughed long and low— laughter horriblo to witness. With an expiring offort he onoo more raised himself. "You aro too lato, Miss Stimson ! Too Into ! Allow mo to introduoe yon to— my wife," mid foil hook— deitd. When Miss Stimson recovered front her bewilderment bIio dashed aside a sheeted . rain of tears and moved slowly towards tho bed, as if to kiss tho dead man there. -But " Tho Marohioness". seized a knifo from tho table and sprang before hor liko a lioness at bay. " Ho's mine, ' sho said, pointlug to tho door. Thoy buried tho handaoma desperado in tho uourt-yard of the gaol, besido "Tho Mar- obionoss's" poceaub countryman. Whon tha mourners withdraw, and the littlo nairow heap of fresh earth flung Its fragrauoo upward to tlio sky, "Tbb Marohionoss" took hor pleuo besido it, lier solitary attempt at mourning, a piece of rusty orapo bound round ono arm. Tho noxt day eho went about hor work ob usual and ignored the past. But there is ono woman who, tall, proud, Imperious, and yot snd-eyed withal sometimes ureeps humbly towards tho gaol yard under tho cover of niglit towards the gravo of -tho man whom hor mad jealousy betrayed. Yot over as she nenrs tbn grave to oast upon it her burden of tears and unavailing regret thoro oomes swiftly betwaon it and her a shambling figure, with terrible eyes, a long kuifo glittering in its hand. Then ' ' Tim Marchioness" onoe moro watches by tlio side of tho man who used her to insure hU vengeahco on a faithless lovo, 