8t!!fBmiMap ltoRDEB { / IVcafic-ttreet lUrls In Italian* and ran, jkcro*aibB<&r; The highe»t number upon it is B.626, and tbeiioate with whioh this narrative jdeal* ic No. 4,313. It stands therefore, eMctly ^•klf-my between tbe. *bodes of poverty *nd nrealth. At thetime ofthe occurrence herein to • jbe related, It was kept as a Iodising and botrd jing-plmce for men, by Mrs. J&mes; Prowitt, jwbose long rxpeirince hid roadeher keen ud .waxy. Her guests were of all classes mod tde kcriptiona, men rising from the lower street . jfreqwntly meeting at tier table those wbo were jdesoending from the gentility of the Avenue. pOne Oclobrr morning* young man applied to her for a. room.: She set her little grey eyes Isharply upon him, es was her habit, but saw pothing out of the commonplace. She always .divided her patrons into three dasses—those ,coming ap froai near theB»y,tbose sinking from jthe AvenuB, and tbe stationary middle-clsss. 6he shrewdly placed this one among the secondjclaas, but (hat made little* difference to tier. (He was medium in sice, with a frank face and m manner which gave her tbe impression that h 4new what he was about, and was exceedingly |Wide-airRke iii doing it He said he was a travrlliog man, could furnish good reference* and gare bin name as Harry Mnlford. 1 " My third-floor front is vacant," Mrs. Prowitt said, " but 1 usually get fifteendollars a month for it." | "This is' entir&ly; satisfactory," Mulford replied. " The price is xuthing to me, although I shall not occupy the room more than one night a month Bat I shall want it kept teidy for me, though you are at liberty to use it any night, provided you do not receive word of my coming before six o'clock. I shall pay you in adv*noe, sending you your money by mail on the last of *ach month." He drew jrat his parse, counted 15 dollars upon his knee, and cd<3ed, " Here is the first month's rent, provided yoa ""ill let mp have the room." | Miy. 3?romtt was too keen to let such a chance dipt, and she quickly closed the transcation. Her requirement of references had always been a mere form—often a ruse to get rid of an unpromising applicant. She did not, therefore, *gt ftfelfsrd for his, considering his money sufiBcinnt endorsement. I *' It 13 probable," said Mulford, aB he delivered the money and rose, to leave, " that I; shall not reappear for several months, and if you, do not receive fifteen dollars from me near the! first of any montb, you will he at liberty to let; the room. It is likely that I may send some' sne occasionally to occupy the room, but he! will always bring a note from me." 1 This picce of lack wu too food for Mrs.* Prowitt tc keep to herself, ud it was soon aj matter for general discussion around her tables.*. A man who could^affort to pay for a room with-' out occupying it was a rarity at No. 4313, and( Mulford became a mystery. The fir»t monthj pasted, and the third- floor front was unoccupied, except when Mrs. Prowitt quartered a { transient. On tbe last day of this month a registered letter was delivered to her, from which she drew three crisp five-dollar bille and a note 1 from Mulford, staling that he would soon send a friend to take possession of the room. But when this and se>eral mom months passed^' without other sign or representative of Mulford 1 than the regular letters inclosing the bills, the rental of tbe upper chamber became a sensation, f At last, however, one 4&riy; December aftez** ooon a little old man ^ppeueo^ rrisgiag from hlolford a cote which stated toif wish that Mrs. Prowitt would place in his row the article that the bearer would deliver, ana tc have tbe apartment kept really tor occupancy. The little old: 1 man was quite odd. He was much Dent a®dj very grey. His lieft eye was blind ; but tbe: right, restless and. < winkling, together with hisj whole countenance,made Mrs. Prowitt think hej could tell * great deal, 2f S3 minded. He was | not so miuded; however, . and ber questions;. elicited Kcij amasezsent t« which his blindness] lent ihs appearance o? continue winking. I 1 The article he brought wa* a £arge, three-i fold Japanese screen, fcigbly decorated wftfc! gilt birds, reptiles, ind animals disporting thest-j lelves on a sable ground. After the little eta; man had gone, and Mrs. Piowitt had sec the; scieen in Mulford's room; she went down to the! tables to express her opinion that a Japanese' ycreen was a qu< er article for a young man 3oj lend, and the boarders agreed with her col ptrongly as to repair to the apartment to inepec&j; ft. The acrpen was ordinary, yet extraordinary^' »od cwrioeity plsyed about the bambco frame a<j Whimsically as the golden decorations wiftbin ri.l A. satchel, sr a tr&nk;, or even a chair wooSdl have aroused simple ixpectatioE.; tout Japanese s treat, though, not >mm&nK;>t> in aj bedroom; suggesteii aomnhrng s« decidedly out! W tb® commonplace that Mnifcrds advent was! »waHe£ with lively interest. A week passed,' | o t i i w ; and, though Mrs. Prowitt fep* gaaj fuming is tbw evenings. Siafi fresh water put! j^aiiy inle the jnteller, and hung ctaan toweka! • ^pon ths rack, neither Ma'Jforf nor hv friend] appeared. j r For twelvs 'd&ys; eht. haa tae« preparatioofr tnade; hntvpan tbe thirteentt Mulford®* arietta] pame. JJ was hatf-pist «uht wise; the mmidj bdmtted hhn tr. tbe pariome. At this bourafi; tbe io£gers were out pursirirg thd? various. Weutugpastime*, rxoept *obn Baylor, wbo wm] fmotlnog npot, hn clarionet s^oso*; poor zeezz, VtK Prowitt •xep.t 30 the pamurfxpcctiag tc Snfi a /oung ma» ot -ibout, ISnlforf's ag», bat sir. was surprised to! fee a geettcman of probably Oj. He' |ras. howercr, well-preservea end active asd' was drusrC v«y mach betvB^ than any one sb&; had eTTT lodged. There wae ao nirciBtakabler pir <ot Avenue about htm that net ISrs. Pro-' to chicking she had seen him Before* and< p> wondering where it bad been. He carried a; bulging olne-kag of hsavy material, s&d; hia; iwhals beating abd uppermoce were those of a! |>n*yjawjer. Mrs. PRwita made these ut>serva-< femsdistmetly, as was her habit^ bat later ooj iwnreoces indtnted them in her mind. In re. ^ating~ex>ctly how the old lawyer entered the parlour, bow he talked, and in describing him,; the always had difficulty putting one faot into; Srotds. p." Somehow," she always said, " he made me cieep.- He eat right in front ot me and he, Beamed 10 be there like any other man, but (fhero 'was sonioUiiitg or othur about him that ^nadshim stem unreal, a kind of strange shadow p( a rich eld man I bad soennpontheA.vrnuc.Hts *olec,too, Boonfled kind and unnatural; some- Ihlrgiikcan echo of a real voice speaking aw»y pd aomewbere. I thought at first that he was cwly- aiwet.t-minded, but the more I looked at him (he mere plainly I saw that there was some* thing- about him I could not explain, and can't fie girve h»T a noto in Mulford's hand, mere- Jylntrodudng him as the frit-nd who desired to £«capy his room for the night, and he would consider it a favour if If is. I*rowitt would make Jiimcomlortabic and K t him have all he might f ' r Is there anything you want me particularly to do ? n Mrs. Trowitt asked him. She has always laid great dttess upon the fact that she observed everyihing that occurred that night accurately, and has been unvaiying in her narrative. i " Is there a table in the room ?*' the lawyer fcsVcd, absently. • " Yes ; Mr. Mulford requested me to put one ju for him." i " That is well. Then all I wish is to bo entkelj ondisturlcil. 1 have many papers to ex amine to-'jiglit," he said, tapping the bine bag j" I am engaged on a mutter of vast importance to a wealthy «-t«t<\ and I shall ask you to see [that no onr is admitted to the room. I am •fearty to go to work now, if you please." ' Jlr«. Prowitt showed him to the third floor frorit, turned up the light, and before leaving, saw him tike from the bag a large bnndle of papers, tied with pink tape,and Isy them busily npon this tablo. He thrn pulled up a chair and pat down. She noticed that the Japanese screen stood atout three feet from the back of bis chair, sod aUottt two feet from the windows. The~ wtather being eold, the sashrs were down and looked, and the lower inside «hntte» dmwa Hi latched.; Then was s shrer descent from the windows to the pavement, with no outside ledge below them, eo that it was impos sible for msj-one to have entered the roum through fbea. Mis. Froiritt has been unwavin tius statement, as welLas in declaring \- that ho one was hidden behind the screcn or elsewhere in tbe room when she admitted tbe lawyer. It was only a few minutes after nine when she left the <Ad man intently engaged over his papers.' On her way downstairs die stopped in Hr. Baylor's room to tell him that Mulford's friend had come 8he did so, she has said, not because they ind all looked for him so long, but because the man had given her a queer feeling of dread that she could not throw, off. She naturally wondered what could have brought'so rich 1. lawyer to her house ; but it was not this query that made her uneasy. 8he told Baylor of this strange impression, and of the fact that, while with the old lawyer in the room, she had a creepy notion that she was entirely alone, although he had b»-en plain to e her •jyes. She noticed that he walked vigorously, r.ut his steps had been surprisingly faint,' and., the papers had not rattled when he took them from the bag. She was vety nervous. She did not believe in ghosts, sh» declared, but certainly this was the strangest lodger she had ever had in her bouse. She was afraid something dreadful might happen, and she nuked Baylor to keep his door open and to walk up tbe stairway occasionally and listen. He promised to do so, and she left him. At 11 o'clock she hurried bade and said : "Would you mind going with me. to Mr. Mulford's room and listen outside the door ? i -rut to know whether that old man is sleeping. I «e from the pavement outside that be has tumf-d the gas out." " That cannot be," Baylor answered, excitedly. " I waOred up the stairs not more that five minutes ago saw his light shining through the transom. 0 •« Saw his light ?** echoed Mrs. Prowitt, in an awed whisper. "It was just about five minutes ago that I looked from She pavement outrida and his windows were £ark. Are you sure you saw the light 7" 1 Yes ; but I could not hoax a sound inside' the room." ' Mr. Eaylor, there is something terrible in the air io-night, and u can't tell what it is. Let as go up there and fasten." ?hey ascended to Kulford's room. Bright light was shining through the transom. Mrs.' Prowite knocked three £imies, but received no answer Then sh6 eaile£,but the room remained perfectly silent. ' 2 wotdd like you to look over the transom,; Mr. Baylor,' 7 she said. " There is something mystanous hire.'" Eaylor Drought to tea do&r; %wo chairs that wea» standing 1*11 Sn haiV^ and, stepping upon one; looted through transom. Re started,' and asfcea Mrs. Prowitt to get upon the otber and look. aaw tbe old lawyer still sitting at the table with bundles «f lsgaj papers before him. He was too deeply engaged to notice that his long £rey hair had slipped down over' forehead and almost overhang his eyes. As they iooked fr-xr bis j>eacefui face to the doruauects before him, Mrs. Prowitt started violent- : caught Baylor's arm, anc> saM : Loot at his hands. He is making the motions of writirg, tot erase is no pen in his hand. He if She faltered from fright, &nd; Baylor said : " He is a madnoar, Mrs. Prowitt." " No he is woree than that. He is not a real man. Something awful is goiug to happen tonight, I did no* qciSe trust 4hM man Mulford ram the «'iart. Why should he have rentr^ thif room and act 9ocopied it, if everything had been right. This lis terrible. Look here, j "Did you see fee screen move ? " I " No, I did not, but—" Kc stopped abruptly. For tsro hands rose' from behnd the screen, and* catching eta ex-j feme eada liEtctf it from the floor, asd carried it stealthily feowardc ths otd man. They were «arg« and muscular, agly and grimy—such hands as would <JfJv6 in the slimo afti ofj iis* icwer sve«ff.. With the esceptios of mst iaodc, the penon behind tne screen was aid-; until lot had carried it noiselessly andj stealthily, vctfl it almost touched tile man 9 !'! eha.'r. There tS>2 hands stepped it, and stoodj "t Gccufely, and instantly » head rose from b?-l •ini it. The terrible f&9\. hesd th« two cut-j ri^e watchers motionless The vileness andj xidcedse» of toe slcim was ground into each: Vutchirl avid bloated feature. The terrible; sreaturo looked for some raincta? cpsn toe o£d' *wy« with a leer <tt murtJer^us triumph.Tilen s . wifcb w horrible smile of sarasf^c'iion, the man' raised his right arm yiigh ever the screen, dirty Ktbs-like hand clutahiag a larger. Mr. FivwHt shrank wiSb a scream fpxr ttao anC fe& to a sitting pasture upwc hrr shair; wKie Baylor, arcutsed v> action, pccmisi apon the ^iasp cf tbe trair^os. arid kicked apr>n tt»<> 4oor c but tK old *awye~ c«ifiinned ft2y writing at %hs table, and tic iuwgstfn was stayed Kn tSs purpose. Wbh a rfwifts, ski^i ^fi stroke tbe xnife Ml, and Bayicr *aw it rick law the lawywer^i breast, i-ira writhv upon tbe <&air; and fell tc inn £oor. He ieapeC trom 4se chair in<* himself arar^st the »l«>ar, but iu wiisztoocl bis forca " He»p 2ie here, Mrs. Prowitt " .v. cmi.. The iawyer has been murdered. door' is locked, upon the inside. Help m*> brsaic "t In." ! Their united strength at last broks tbe lock, and tbe door swung in. Baylor took one rspk\ step forward, but stopped upon the sill with a startled cry. The room was dark and silent.! No moan or sound of death-struggling ^ame from the murdered n>an under the table. « A matdi, Mrs. Prowitt," he said ; " for the love of heaven, let us have a light here !" " There is a match-safe over the wash-s'amd. in the corner," gasped tbe landlady. For a few moments Baylor groped it the. blackness for a match. At last he struck one,' and tbe gas puffed up. He shrank %ock against tbe wall by Ae 5oor. The room was! entirely deserted ; the tablo was bare of legalpapers ; the screen stood rc its place near the window ; and there was no bodj of a murdered man npoc the floor, nor any htood or other trace of him. The room was precisely as it had been before tbe lawyer came. In the midst of an animated discussion,tat Mrs. Prowitfs table next morning, of the strange crime, one of the boarders, who had. already breakfasted and gone out, rushed back with a paper, which, under display head-fines, told of the brutal murder of Abel Christians a, me of the city's noted lawyers. It detailed how he had been sitting in the study at his home sn the avenue, going over some valuable papers m the matter of a vast estate iu litigation. Tn& murderer had entered through a window, had crept upon Mr. Christiansen under cover of a Japanese screen that stood behind his chair, and had struck him to the heart with a dagger. The assassin, who had escaped with all the papers, was supposed to be one of tbe heirs to the property and one of the most dangerous criminals of the slums. About 10 o'clock on the same morning the little old man who brought the Japanese screen appeared at No. 4313, saying that Mr. Mulford had sent him for it. " I don't know that I ought to let yon have it," said Mr*. Prowitt. " Why not ? " asked the little old man, with a queer twinkle of his unblinded eye. " There was a terrible murder an the Avenue last night by » man who stabbed a lawyer from behind a Japanese screen, and I and one of my lodgers 6aw tbe vision of a man come from behind Mr. Mulford's screen and kill a strange old man who h«d come ss Mr. Mulford's friend." " It is certainly remarkable," said the little old man, winking his blind eye ; *' but you certainly won't keep Mr. Mulford's screen jast bcwwe 70U nw ft viiiar*" "" 44 Go up for ft, then, for I won't touch it,"" said Mrs. Prowitt. "1 will be glad to have t'. c terrible thing out of my house. If 1 wasu't afraid of it I would not let you have it." \- Wnen t&e; little old man reappeared, carrying tbe screen, the said :— " If I could see how there could be any Connection betwsen this screen and the one on the Avenue I would ke«p you here and send for the police." " I don't see what possible connection (hue could be," said the little old man, ducking nv head sidewise and squinting at her quizzically. " If I could 1 wouldn't ask you for the server . But 1 will ask Mr. Mulford, and if there ?s, of course I'll come around and tell you. By tbe way, he says you need not keep the room for him any longer.*' And picking np the screcn he briskly walked away. 