AROHBISHOP LAUD AND HIS.TIME& A Leoture delivered in St. James's Hail, Lon don, in 1869, by tha Right Rev: J. G, Ryle, D.D., now Lord Bishop of Liverpool. ( Continued.) 3\. The last lesson that I draw from our subjeot is this. . Laud's History shows us the immense importance of the laity in talcing a timely interest in the condition of the Church of England. Nothing, it is clear to me, pre- served the Uhurcu or JSngland from returning bodily to Popery, two hundred years ago, but the aotive interference of the laity. I do not say it would have happened in Laud's time. I do riot think he ever meant the Pope at Lambeth to be subjeot to the Pope at the Vatioari; But I do believe that another twenty years of unopposed, of systematic, persistent, un- Pr oteatan rising would haiVe " eduoated " a generation of semi-Papists, and paved the way for downright Popery. From this we were not preserved, by the bishopB and olergy, bnt by the laity taking op the matter in the House of Commons. I grant their remedies were violent, and their surgery coarse and savage. They let blood profusely, and did great harm in some directions, if they did good in others. But ohe thing I always maintain was done by Hollis; Daring, Pym; Hampden, and their compariions: They prevented the nation going back to. Babylon. They stainped out Popery for the time in the Church of England. Even the oivil war was better than the return of Popery. I hope the laity of this day will never forget this. They are the real hope of the Ohuroh of England. Our future depends greatly on their conduot and line of abtibn. If they sit still and let things take their own course, I see nothing but evil before us. If they arise in their might, like their forefathers, and demand that there shall .be no RomiBh innovations, no nn-Protestantiziug praotioss allowed in our Communion, there is yet ground for hope. It is not too late tb win k battle. Onoe let the laity raise the old cry— " Noiumus leges Atiglice mutari / We will have a Protestant Establishment on none at all;" —and I shall not despair of the Ohuroh of England. On thing, in conclusion, is very clear.; Whatever we. may think about Laud, the' Ohuroh of England is in a very critical, i position. Jiivery one wno retiaots muse oon- fees this: Her rowers have brought her irito troubled waters; Rent arid torn by conflicting parties, her very existence is in peril: Never was there at! Ghuroh which had . within, her pale suoh: opposite schools of theology. This state of things cannot laBt. The question may. well .arise in many minds, "What shall be! the' , end ? We banriot go ori as we arb. Will th'e' sick mandive; or will he die ? " As usual iii suoh cases, advioe iB plentiful;'- the dootora aire many, and the prescriptions- abound— some homeopathic and some : allo: pathio., Every one, has his " panacea '1 and his "Eirenicon." "Only nse it," he cries, "and the Ohnroh will be oared." Wider ; , te'rriisbf Communion, relaxation of creeds arid article, liturgioal revision, synodical aotipiij, ' ihoraase ot the Episbbpate,' ririiori of the Western Ohnroheb;— all thesef are' renaediek ' gravely propounded and earn'eetly thrnst otf our attention... Eaoh has its advocates, and . each itr warranted to ; pare: 1 have not the siigriteBt 1 faith, in- any of these healing irieasnres. Two or three of, theiri are down- , right tril'sohihbori'si The best of them. is not!, tbe-medibiriefbr the tioi'S.' I rbgar'd thbm "ill'', as utterly bebidb' the iriark,- and rihiable 'tb' touch the 'dibease. ' My mind is thordnghly made up. I know of only, one onre .end remedy for the ailments , of our beloved Churoh. That repaody ia a rhvival. apiong us " of . thorough Prjtestantj 1 pHhoipiek of the glorious , Reformation, the the'blbgykf'Latitnerf'riU'h Hooper, aUd Jewell. ! Whether God; will" grknt' suoh A' teVivkl' t'', cerindt tell: pbrhaps '"brifdajMi' ate'nrimbaredi'- j Without such a revival 'I httle little fabpb fbf1 the.' Jntprp, We eholl . only fall Iqwer abd lower, and at last oar candlestick will be removed, like libit ef Ephesns/ Givejw snot a revival, and I" hope everything. .Theliity w'qnfd rally rohnd as once more,— (he 8pirit offGod would be poured on our congregations. God, even the Lord God our fathers, would . give us Hie blessing. ( ,1. said, the laity would rally round ub. -I say it advisedly At .present a large number of fb'e best of tbem ride at single anohor,.and bold by the Ohnroh of England with a very ftbsti'hand. ©key are -tired, wearied, and -disgusted with ,the undisturbed growth and progress "of semi-Popery. They see no use in 'Protestant Bishops and Articleaj if Romanism w' allowed to sit in the house, of God. They may not .be deep theologians, or very conver sant! with the Oatholio principles and primitive antiquity. But they are not hard to satisfy. 'They know and feel what doeB them good. They want plain ProteBtant . worship, and plain Protestant preaching, and if they cannot have these in the Establishment they will, soon migrate and swarm oif elsewhere. The bulk of our middle, classes and eduoated /lower , orders in the Ohuroh do not want chasubles, copes, dalmatics, birettas, banners, processions, incense, . crucifixes, incessant bowings, turnings, and gehufieotions, or any such pernicious trumpery. Suoh things are mere gaudy toys, which may please children, -and .satisfy idle young men and women, and the whole herd of the ignorant, the weak- minded and the. superstitious., But they do not meet the wants of the middle-aged, the hard-headed, the hard-working men and women of the middle and lower orders. They want food,— food for the heart, and food for conscience ; and if they do not find it in the Established Oburoh of England, they will walk off and seek it elsewhere. Give tbem plain, simple, hearty Bible worship) — give them the old, old story. of Christ upon the cross, the real work of the Holy Ghost, felt and experienced in the inner man, — give ihem the noble lessons of repentance, faith, holiness, — give them these, and they will never forsake the Church of England.0 I repeat it emphatically. Areturn to downright Protestant principles and Protestant theology is the Church's want in the present day. It !b the only medioine which will heal the Ohuroh's disease. " . I now wind up my paper with a short passage from the pen of a great man, whioh deserve b special attention, partly because of his name and character, and partly beoause he wrote it with death before his eyeB. The man Tspeak; of is Lord William Russell, who was beheaded in Linooln's inn Fields on a false charge of treason, in the reign of James the Second, 1683. The Book I find it in is the life of Lord W. Russell, written by .the late Earl Russell in 1820. The paper in which the passage occurs was given by the noble sufferer to his friends only a few momentB before his execution. He says : — x" I did believe, and do still believe, that Popery is breaking in upon .this .nation, and that those who advance it will stop at nothing to carry on their designs. . . . I am heartily sorry that so many Protestants give their helping hand to it. But I hope God will preserve the ProteBtant religion and this nation, though I am afraid it will pass under very great trials and very great sufferings." Solemn , words these, and painfully pro. phetic ! Well would it be for this country, in the nineteenth .century, if English Peers, and English Prelates, English Members of Parliament, and English Clergymen saw the danger of Popery " breaking in upon this nation " as dearly sb did, in the seventeenth century, dying patriot, Lord W. Russell. The Times "ot March 29th,' 1869, eays most truly, ." Ritualistic services may attract curious or admiring crowds, but they neither bring the poor to church' nor bring religion ihto the homes of th'eJpobr." ' 