Wednesday. June 19. Wednesday was such a dull day that there seemed a chance of the Legislature being rather more in the dark than usual in con tinuing its daily task of talking against time. Therefore the officials of the As sembly thoughtfully turned on the electric light before the hour of meeting. The debate promised to be as lacking in brightness as the Hav. and so there iras onlv a small attendance in the galleries, while the benches within the chamber were only thinly patronised. Among the gentlemen present Were Mr. J. Harvey, who sat for Yatala in 1857, Mr. Justice Dashwood, and some other ex-members of the House. The questions were not important, and the chief feature of the preliminary proceedings was a futile attempt by Mr. Caldwell to deliver a second speech in the guise of a personal ex planation. He objects to Mr. Kingston's accusation that he is prone to frantically em brace a reform and within a few months to turn round and treat the same subject with indifference and scorn. He was never an enthusiastic supporter of protection, he re marked, although he did introduce a motion to encourage native industries. Surely a distinc tion without a difference. Mr. Caldwell further claims to have been thoroughly consistent in his advocacy of adult suffrage. Just here the Speaker, who had expostulated twice lxifore, definitely suppressed the poet and philosopher amid much laughter. Mr. Grainger intimates that he will move for a return showing the number of sheep and cattle in South Australia in 1884 and in 1S94, and Sir John Downer gave notice that he will ask the House to order that the report and evidence of the Hos pital Commission shall be laid on tha table and considered before the Government take any action in respect to it. Mr. Brooker is to move that the fixed list of the Civil Ser vice shall be abolished, so that all offi . cers shall be placed on the same foot ing. This suggestion was greeted with cheers. Ten minutes were spent over impromptu questions and notices, and then the formal interrogations were called on. Mr. Foster learned that the naturalisation of aliens carries with it the naturalisation of their wives, but not of their children unless the latter are born in the province. Mr. Wood, at 2.13 p.m., resumed his speech on the address in reply. He referred to the 'sickly sentimentality' sooken atthebanquetto thelateBailwayCommissioners, and said that as Mr. Smith received three weeks' notice he was better dealt with than he had treated him (Mr. Wood), for he did not get three days' notice of dismissal from the locomotive workshops. Air. Wood is sure Mr. Kingston has forgiven Mr. Smith, because he had smiled at him (Mr. Wood) that morning despite the attack he made on the Government on Tuesday. ' He wants your vote,' sardonically commented Mr. Handyside. As Sir John Downer said Mr. Smith was willing to accept £1,500 a year Mr. Wood thins s it proves that he was overpaid before, and, in any case, he thinks Mr. Penaleton is the better man. Mr. Wood claims that in many instances the Government have followed his advice to the benefit of the pro vince. He defended Mr. Archibald from the strictures of Mr. Glynn, and said the softness of the Government officers had enabled Messrs. Cave & Co. to buy scrap-iron too cheap. Some reference to the dispatch of Mr. Strickland to England as consulting-engineer drew from Mr. Jenkins the interjection, ' That is not true.' The Speaker ordered the withdrawal of the impolite contradiction, and the Commissioner of Public Works promised to produce dockets toshowthatMr. Wood'sstatementis inaccurate. Mr. Wood was very severe on the Government in respect to their treatment of the men cracking 'King's stone' for rations. 'Any married man who applies can get work else where,' said Mr. Jenkins, but Sir. Wood is sceptical and still thinks the Ministry c-rueL He quoted from an interview with Mr. Creer, of Sydney, published in Tlte Advertiser of Saturday last, to show how much better the destitute of New South Wales are treated. Mr. Wood promises to vote for any party . which is likely to do better for the workers ' than the present Government are doing. He thinks the outside pastoral country should be let for the payment of the land tax, and he pronounces federation to be impossible under present circumstances. Mr. E. W. Hawker, who -was received with very hearty cheers, stated that he did not intend to discuss the address in reply, but he wished to say a word in recognition of the kind references which liad been made to his late father. He gracefully conveyed the thanks of his mother and himself for the praise which has been universally bestowed on the late Hon. George Hawker's public career. It had been regretted, he said, that Mr. Hawker had not lived long enough to receive a knighthood, but he affirmed that his father valued the affection and the esteem of the people more than any title. Only once had a father and son .sat together in the Assembly, said Mr. Hawker, and he assured the House that never at any time had his late father attempted to influence his vote. ' Those are my viewB,' he would Bay, 'but you nu^st act according to your own conscience.' It ?was action of this kind which won for luS father the reputation he bore for absolute in tegrity. Mr. Hawker spoke with much feeling .^ztd in excellent toete, -and iie was intently listened to, loud cheersapproving his utterance. When he took his seat at 2.55 p.m., Mr, Riddoch followed with an expression of opinion that thePremier'sspeech was no answer to the charges brought against the Govern ment. He objects to the socialistic tendency of their measures, and he affirms that the pre Bent low prices of products are to a great extent due to the past and promised legislation of the Ministry. There was laughter, but Mr. Riddoch did not retract the allegation. The appointment of the Hospital Commission, he said, was another proof of the fact that the Premier 'dearly loves a row.' Mr. Riddoch sadly affirms that the railway employes practi cally rule the colony, because they dominate the Trades and Labor Council, which in its turn controls the Government. Mr. Butler followed at 3.43 p.m. He does not believe in the State socialism, of which his colleague is so much afraid, but 'God_ help the producer,' he says, if all the affairs of State are handed over to private monopolists. He blames the Government for not giving the late Railway Commissioners more notice of the appointment of their successor, but says he rather sympathises with Messrs. Hill and Neill than with Mr. Smith, who, however, he wished to see selected. He does not think that there will be any more political control in Mr. Smith's case than there would have been in Mr. Pendleton's, and he hopes an attempt will be made to reduce the expenses of railway management. ? Mr. Butler considers that the appointment of the Hos pital Commission was justified, and he is a strong advocate of the State Advances Bill. If the Government can borrow at 3J per cent, they should be able to lend at 4 per cent., besides saving the producer commission, agency, and lawyers' fees. As West Aus tralia, and England have adopted the system he cannot see how it can possibly be considered too socialistic in Soutn Australia. Political control is not likely to intrude any more than into the collection of taxes, he thinks. Mr. Butler favors an appeal in the case of the for feiture of pastoral leases to a judge of the Supreme Court without the intervention of lawyers. He hopes the Government are sincere in their advocacy of law reform, and he threatens unless the measure is intro duced early and pushed forward he_ will become a rabid opponent of the Ministry. ? ' How long has Kingston been in th e House and what has he done for law Teform ?' asked Mr. Grainger. In conclusion, Mr. Butler ex pressed his opinion that if this session results satisfactorily the present Parliament will have an excellent record to carry back to the con stituencies on the occasion of the general elec tion next April. Messrs. Brooker and Griffiths rose together at 4.40 p.m., but the latter caught the Speaker's eye. fie pressed for the statement of a Government policy in respect to the Northern Territory, and asked the Treasurer, when he speaks, to say what the report of the Com mission is likely to contain and what is in tended to be done as a result of it. He urges the development of the mining industry, the cattle trade, and the agricultural resources of the Territory, while he asks that the supply of opium by Chinese to aboriginals shall be stopped. ' The Labor Party pulled the strings and the Ministry jumped' to the appointment of Mr. Pendleton, he said, and he hinted that it was Mr. Smith's firmness aud straightfor wardness which earned the hatred of the Labor members. This assertion was loudly contra dicted, but Mr. Griffiths did not seem to be convinced. Mr. Hourigan was the sixth speaker of the day and the twenty-first; of the debate. He began by regretting that the Land Values Assessment Act is not to be restored to its original form, aud he pressed on the Govern ment the importance of amending the Brand ing Act and of liberally encouraging the tanning trade so as to use up local sheepskins aud the pelts of indigenous animals. He spoke at length on the subject of the defects of the Conciliation Act, and accused Mr. Dowie, in the recent dispute, of shrinking from the tri bunal of public opinion despite the willingness of the workers to accept arbitration. 'The laborer is better off than his master very often,' said Major Castiue, and Mr. Bartlett perti nently asked, ' Then why don't you become a ' man' again ?' ' So I will, and in your ser vice, if you like.' responded the gallant officer. At 5.43 the question was just beiug put when Sir. Laudseer secured the adjournment of the debate and the House rose. The absentees during the day were Messrs. Johnson and Lake First Scholar— 'And what did the master say about the translation your father helped you with ?' Second Ditto — 'He said it was the worst yet. aud that I was evidently becoming much more stupid. Rather a shock for dad, eh ?' The recent teachings of leaders of the tbeosophic cult or their natural superstitions seem to have aroused in the minds of 6-;me of the residents of Gienelg the old-fashioned belief in the existence of ghosts. While some nervous individuals have been sadly terrified by a mysterious light appearing through a window in an empty house not far from Jetty-road, the 'manifestation' has provided a big 'draw' from a spectacular point of view. Every evening for some time past 50 or more people have assembled in the hope or dread of seeing 'spirits.' In fact no concert or church gathering had a chance against the 'supernatural show.': There Eeem, however, to be some un believers at the Bay. A 'Resident' wrote under the date of June 15: — ' There seems to be a great deal of talk going round this seaside township about a super natural light appearing in a certain window of an unoccupied house after dark. I have seen the light and come to the conclusion that it is a reflection from one of the adjacent houses or else someone playing a joke. I think this sort of thing ought to be looked into, as it is frightening ladies who have to pass by this spot after dark.' The ghost, however, seems to have been satisfactorily laid. 'Things were gettiug rather exciting,' writes our Gienelg correspondent, ' when a gallant Civil servant, despite the entreaties of his friends to be careful, approached the window, threw it opsn, and plunged into the mysterious chamber. In a fraction of a second about 40 pairs of eyes were peering in at the window eager to witness the fate of the investi gator. But like the 'will-o'-the-wisp' the ghost had vanished. It was rather hard after this that the finale should have been most prosaic. A well-known Hindley- street clothier placed an overcoat over a gas lamp which shed its rays from a distance of about 200 yards and — exebat ghost. This gentleman has dis covered a simple but effective method of raising ghoste.' According to the G3rman papers several persons have been arrested at Hamburg for making disrespectful remarks about the Emperor's song or singing parodies of it. The exact nature of their legal otfence seems uncer tain, but it must lie somewhere between high treason and insulting behavior. 