SAILING. PRINCE ALFRED YACHT CLUB REGATTA. A GREAT MUSTER OF BOATS. Bronzewing Beats Herreshoff— Cariad Defeats the New Half-Raters— Ida and Young Henry — Flying Squadron 22ft Championship — A Matter of Inches — Mosman's Bay Race — Notes and Notions. (BY 'THE REEFER.') The carnival of the Prince Alfred Yacht Club was abont tlio biggest affair of ita- kind iivor bold ia Port Jackson. With tbe popular Commodore doing things on suob a lavish scale a big untry was expected, but no on« anticipated that buoU an enormous number of boats would turn out to do battle. Tho passengers by tbe big Orient mail-boat Oroya, which caino up the harbor ou Sutur day, must have bean somewhat usloniabod uc me sienc wnion presented ltson alter Bradley's was rounded. IUrely indend ban 'our beautiful harbor' proseuted sucb an animated spectacle, l- ??itiir fairly ulivo with every coneeivublo -: oription of rnssel, while the foreshores in the immediate viomity of Farm Cove wero simply thronged with in terested spectators. Additional interest was lent to the racing from the fact tjiuf aeveral new veaHola wero competing for the first time. The debut made by Herresboff must bavo beou rathor a disap poiutineutto tior owner. After getting; all the bust of thp start, nho was fairly beaten by Cronzewinir on the boat down to tho Island, whilo contrary to general expectation, tbe 2£ rator rather increased her ndvantayo wheu sheet!) ware eased for tho run home. Wee TVon and Gnomo, the newly imported half-raters, met the local boats, and by no means covered tbeui»olvos with glory. Jlelta linirihed first, but failed to Rivo the allowance to Guomo, bnt, as tho latter was only homo Bomo two lengths in front of Cariad, tho white bout was uu easy first. Mr. Fairfax bun, however, entered a protest against the winner. Dr. Newmarcb was hopel».s3!y aRtorn throughout. Both the noTT-comers are very nightly little ships, and nhould ronder a good account of themselven later on. Mr. llorderu bas bad printed on satin tbo programme for Saturday's regatta. It ia embroidered with gold, and forms a very handsome souvenir of a pleasant gathoriug. Atnornr those on board tbe flagship was Captain W. T. Poppy, of the (ship Ariutidos, who so gallantly rescued tba craw of tbe sinking Frenoh barrjuo, Torre Neuvo. The skipper is to bo presented with a gold modal and an address by the French consul, while a complimentary concert is to bo tendered tbe officers and crew on Friday night by the Arts Club. No ono could better bave deserved it. I do not ever remember bearing a handicap bo much abused as that of tbe All Yaohts on Saturday. The path of tbe handicuppcr is usually beset with quicksands, nnd on this occasion a very largo amount of gratuitous adviuo was showered ou the triumvirate iu question. I must plead ignorance as to the method of reasoning which put a four-yoar-old 2J-ralor on even torma with a brand iioiv up to- dttte S-rater. Possibly the haudicappera wero uuawaro tbatiierreshonT bad been out vory frequently uinco her launch, and on paper the race was h gift for bor. With a ton too muob lead on tho kool sbu was too stiff aud sluggish ultogethor, and tho handicappers had tbe laugb on their sido wheu Bronzev.-ing romped in nlie&d.; But irbut about Laliloo, VuBta, aud Xorna? Tbo big ketch might have bad a chance if a typhoon oould have been ordered up for tho occasion, but neither of tbo others bad a ghost of a nhow. Mr. Murroll should get a racing suit on when coin; for a race, aud he would then do hotter, while Norna's allowance might well havo J«en doubled. Some of tlio finishes in tbe small olassen were very close, the 10ft and 14ft races bavin* some great battles ou the run home. In tho 18ft uIubs Our Boys appoared to bave lost her rivals oomplotoly, and nothing else waa iu sight wbon she finished. Ida scored an easy win in tbo All Boats 18ft to 24ft Handicap. Lottie and Flying Fish bad a splendid set-to for third honors, tbe double boat just getting up iu timo to lrmko a dead beat of it. Young Henry, now ranking as a 25-fooror, got in 2tmin ahead of Enterprise in tbeLimited Sails Handicap, aud she was followed by Craigelee, Minerva, Volunteer, Massilia, and Mystery at the head of an immense fleet. In this race tho stnrter came iu for a narrow escape. Tbe boat waB moored in a somewhat remarkable position, being in a line with tbe lirat rounding mark iiiBtead of at right nngles to it. When tbo mass of boats was seen uoiiriug , iiuwu it wa-i only oy smartly ?slipping tbe moorings and clearing out that the Btarter was able to keep a dry skin. For a really exhilarating ding-dong battle, nothing could have been much bettor tlmu the duel between Irer and Eameralda for tho 22ft Championship of the Flying Squadron. In addition to these, Secret, Latona. und Ellio woro also competing, but tbe two latter had very little to do with tbo raco. Secret, how ovor, hung on to the others gamely, and was only 41soo astern at the finish. Nearly nil tbo interest centred in tho meoting uf the other two, and the isxue leaves it a matter of extremo doubt as to wbiuli is tbe better boat. The wind being duo cast made it a lead right round tho course, from Shark Island to the home mark being almoBt a doad run. Irox lod Esmeralda by lseo on tho first round, with Secret 14300 ustern. On rounding tlio homo mark for tbe second timo Irei bad extended her lead to 22seo, with Secret ouly 23soo furthor away. Kxoitement ran vory high as the boats were beaded for Clark iBlaud on the last round. Both were undor an immonso prosB of canvas, ovory thing possible that would draw beiug packud on. Thoy ran past the winniug post locked togother, tho judge giving tbo verdict to Esmeralda by stx inches, Goorge Holmes, Juu., sailod tbe winner, and George Ellis Irex, while Georgo Holmes, Sen., was at tho tiller of Secret. The win was really due to the superior smartness of Umne ralda's crew in getting their kites aloft for the final run. The New South WaleH contingent for the Brisbane Sailing Carnival will leave on Satur day night by tho A.U.S.N. Co.'s steainor Fitzroy, while a few intend travelling by tbe Howard Smith linor Tynan. Iu the various races Irex will, bo in, ohargo' of George KUis, Esmeralda will bo Bailed by Georgo Holmoa, Jun., Yvoune by W. 11. Golding, aud Olinda by W. Kead, ivbile Ariel's skipper has not been decided upon. I need hardly wish the voyagers a ploasant trip, as, knowing tbo boundloHB hospitality of the Brisbanites, tho thing is oSBUred, but all aquatic man will join me in wishing them plenty of good racing and a good few wins. If tho breotu is not too boistorous ou the orentftil day tbe .Sydney cracks should havo littlo difficulty in holding their own, bat if it does blow I am half afraid that Whereat in tho Bulletin will show a olean pair of Imets to tbo Cresoont and tbe Cross. Tho lS-footors are bound to render a good account of them solvos, although rumor has it tboro is souio thing protty tall in that alasi for tlio visitors to take down. Mr. F. J. Donovan, Commodore of Ilia J.B.S.C. has received n letter from Mr Woatberill, of tho Queensland Yacbt Club in whioh ho states that all arrangements havo beeu completed. Tbo northerners do not see tboir way ote-r to match two of thoir best against Irox and Eameralda, and the raco has accordingly beou left an open ono. It is pos sible that boats from tho northern ports may also be competing. Tho visiting crews will be takon over tbe course in a steam launch prior to tbo stare, and every assistance pos siblo given them. Messrs. Donovau, Fitc Bimomi, Helling* and other well-known sail ing*mon are making tho trip, aud are bound to be iu for a pleasant woek. The Balmain Regatta Committee had a very pleasant pionio at Middle Harbor un 15th iust. It being iutonded as a wind-up to the bard labors of tbe committee- and offioialn in briuging the recent fixture to such a succe&s-; fnl conolusion, Tha Government steamer Dawn was chartered for the occasion, and a run made to tbe hoad or Middle Harbor. A vory exoollent lunch followed at Pearl Bay, nud after tho good things had beou dono very nmplo justice to, various toasts were got through. Mr. Alex. Milno, Mayor of Bal main, after the usual loyal toast, proposed ' The Parliament,' Mr. Law, M.L.A.T reB poudintr. Mr. Paoey proposed ' The Com mittee,' Mr. Law again responding. Mr. Fitzsimons eulogised th« Press for tho help tffordtd tho regatta, Mr, F. W. Cooinbet reply ing. The final and most .'popular toast. ,'^Tbo Secretaries,' brought MenarJ.F. J, Donovan and J. i'iUsimoub to their' feet. After a round of ahoers to the Mayor, the patty broke up, bouio for cricket, others for a tug cif-war, in which ' married ' oarried too many guns for ' single,' while several disported themselves in thu briny. A return was made nt Go'olock, tho ontmg having bun thoroughly enjoyed by all. The ltojals hold their annual regatta next Saturday. It is intended to hold it at Farm Cove, but I hope this will bo alterod, an tbo pretty littlo Cove iB orotrded with warships, among thoao moored in the violnity being II. M. ships Orhvudo, Kingurooma, Wallaroo. Tauranuii, Mildum. Koyaliat, Kapid, Lizard, Goldfinch, Dart, Wiltorvritch and Boomerang. Tho squadron would therefore do well to shift aoroKs to Atbo), as with n probable nor'-oastei tbu water would bo smoother for the rowing events. The programme is as follows : — Im- perial service boats undor canvas ; local, Naval uud military under canvas ; raon-of. warsmen in livu-oarod whalers; Imperial servico coppering punts, fancy turnout priie j all-comers, any iiort of Bervico boats, fancy turnout prizo; yachts' hatidB in bona-fida yachts' dingies ; all yaohts, open to yaohts of B.S.Y.S. aud P.A.Y.C; all yachts. 1 rating and undor j all boats, limited crows, S.A.S.C. scale; all boatB, 20ft und upwards, tim. allowanco. Tho entry is a very good one, und some good aport uhould be shown. Iolanlbe will make her fitst appearance thi» season in the yacht race. A well attended meeting of tho Anniversary Regatta committee wnB hold at the Australia Hotel on Thursday, Dr. Burno being in tbf chair. Tho following programme was agreed upon:— Sailing: All yachts, 10-mtiu* and over; all yachts, ,pvor 1-rating nnd under 10-ratiug, handicapped ; yachts, 1-rating and under, handicapped ; 21ft boats aud ovor, handicapped ; 2:-ft boats, hnndtcopped ; 20fl boats, handicapped; nil boats, handicapped, limited crown, an par.S.A.iY.C.Rcale, anyeailsi all boats, nails limited to jib, mainsnil and top sail, to bo Bailed by those who havo never won u race at a. public regatta; 18ft boats, lmndi c&ijped; ; llitt hoiitR, handicapped ; ldftdingios. Imndicupped ; 10ft dingica, handicapped ; 8ft dingies, handicapped ; cunoca under canvas, hundicappud. Kowingr Senior fours ; junior comers' double ecuI1», hnndicupped ; manual labor KmatourB, liuslo sculls iu light Bkiffst all-couiors' ainela sculls iu liffht skiffs ; senior poir.i (amatenrsl ; service whalers, pn-lling live ash oara, open to all British und foreign men- of-war aud local defence forces ; Sobraon boys; also scrrico coppering punts', canoes, paddling handicap, tub race and sea borne race. The race forall- comerfc' fourB was dscideo upon on condition that a crew will compete1 from Grafton. The entrance foes were alto fixed nt the meeting, and a considerable re duction waa made ou the amounts charged at previous regattan. The boats hailing from MoGnmn's Eiy sailed a race on Saturday ufternoou over a courss from Moaman'B Bay, ronnd Lightship, Son and Pigs, Shark Island, Fort Denison, and back to Monmaii's Bay. Tho r:rerrs and sails wero limited. Handicaps, which were given at starting timo, wore allotted as follows:— Bltie 20min, Lone fisherman and Galatea ISiiiiu, Iam»ne and Dorothy 14min, Goblin Ijniiii, Eula 7min, Mulgoa scratch. Mulgos showed a good turn of npeed, beoting down to tho Licbtship, where the order was Mnl goa, Goblin, Fisherman, Dorothy and Eula. Tlio laat-namcd did well on tho run home, MniKbini; third, tho position-! being Mulgoa. 2min ahead of Goblin, and then came Eul. and Dorothy togsthor. Another event will be arranged for shortly. The Toronto Regatta is to bo held on Box ing Day, and Sydney boats would be assured of a hearty welcome on Luke Macquarie. Tba following programuiu has boen arraiiged viz t — Ul Licansod Calling boats' Bailing race, prizos, £3 and £1 ; (2) -linBiea' sailing raco, prizes w£5 and .£1 j 13) ploasure boats' rnce, prizea two trophies ; (4) allcomers' sailinR race for boata not exceeding 25ft, prizes .£12. £1 10s, 10s ; (5) kw-l boats' race, prizes £3 and £1. All rices aro to bo sturtod from fixed moorings, und the entrance' foes must bo fen) to tho oeoruUry on or before Friday, 20tV inst. 