A Fair Spiritualist; ©E | A WOMAN’S VICTORY. ■'/ By “ERICA," Author of “ Mora Than Coronets.’' [ALL EIGHTS RESERVED.] i: CHAPTER A:.—(Continued . y T«e girls conduct has been a great " trouble to me,” Miss Caterwall was say & \- Ing..If she had stayed with me for a years .'longer I should not have minded so much ; but to leave me in . _ .that heartless way. when I was becom " '7 drig really attached to. her! I know i at is foolish to feel any regard for workpeople; they are so disappointingly T. Ungrateful. But, then, I have such a J ’ Clinging' nature.” “Who' has been ill-treating ^:.:C^efwall?’' asked 7 Royal •, Baomcpaft, ^7 the -parlor m* F^red. ■ “Mary says /that as. ■fl&tel;'wall Will Tint sriv-p Vim- ths I Wages she-promised her that she'iiiay ;Sas well marry the'.butcher.”" } : r‘-‘ She. 'must be a courageous young !|’Sfoman to marry such a sanguinary . character.” The speaker was a' tall, very hand some young man of about twenty-two "years. He had regular Grecian features, \- an olive complexion, keen, dark eyes, yery white, even ■ teeth, which he was 'fond of showing, and glossy, wavy iYVith his shine of hair, teeth, and eyes, he looked all glitter, especially ; When ,he was speaking, for he had an animated, decisive manner,which would . have seemed a trifle overbearing but ' that he counteracted it with a smile, .Which he intended to be winning, and Which many people found captivating. Noting his' handsome face, and strong • figure 'instinct with manly grace, his mellow tones, and bright conversational ; powers, it was easy to understand that . his title—that of the “ Lady Killer ”— ; syus an appropriate one. ; . Few women could resist his fascina tions when he chose to exercise them; and the few were those who .required ■ more than mere external beauty in their Ideals. He was trying the best he knew to .Tender himself attractive to Gay Fur -Bell, for he had a strong liking for the 'fortune she was likely to inherit, as Well as a decided regard for the young lady herself, the latter a regard being the lesser, for he loved money. Gay..was Captain Furnell’s ward and . jlieiress'. She was that orphan child of ithe former friend of his who had saved .his life in the Elephanta Caves, and •lost his own in doing so. Gay was floubly dear to him; was, indeed, almost the idol of his life. ’ She. was a bluereyed, delicate-looking girl, with fair hair, which crisped, and Burled, and waved, and did everything possible to hair except lie straight. Her expression was gentle, vivacious, Bud sweet; her figure slender and girlish, and her movements unstudiedly, fjraceful, so that she looked a fitting \- Bnd.' well-matched companion to the -t»andsome Royal Boomcraft, who sat now, waty^jhig thejplay of 'toice from-tlne waying-ireener^oriSliur1 : tank' of trees above;: them, • with"more" than a. passing interest. t-,£I must get her promise to-day,” he; Baid to himself. “ This is no time to play fast and loose. Not that Went worth has the ghost of a chance, •what ever he may think about it.” • Frank 'Wentworth, the quiet-looking tnan, the third gentleman of the party, had glanced once or twice' at Royal, Whom he knew slightly, and more than once or twice at Gay, whom he would have liked to know better—well enough to call sweetheart, and wife, in fact; 8.nd then became . converted to his 1 -irival’s opinion—that when Royal was in Hiss Gay's company, Frank Wentworth Was not worth looking at. • He resigned himself to the inevitable,. Bad gave himself up to the easy and pleasant task of amusing the younger girls, some dozen of whom and himself went off presently upon an exploring expedition, while Royal and Gay mounted the grass-clothed bank near , tty for the purpose of looking at the .Slew, as Royal mentioned expressly, Rnd Miss Caterwall went into senti mental agonies over a bone that the incoming tide had carried to the feet 'Of the party. ' --‘Where lies the shipwrecked mariner Wow. of whom this sad relic once formed part .'" she asked in deep sadness of the Winds and waves. ; »■: IA.s those elements did not reply, the , BUgust lady leaned back and gazed into ..|»cancy with wrapt earnestness. Her pupils watched her with absorbed 'Interest. They knew what was occur ring— she was . going to mike some . poetry. They had witnessed her do it before. ■Meantime Captain Furnell took up tire tone, one glance at which assured him jthat';i't- was the phalange of a horse, Or perhaps of that,humbler beast of' burden, the donkey, ana poised it in his . band thoughtfully. He was thinking Of Gay, and of Royal, his grandson ; Ihinking anxiously that his grandson bsd'a plan'to rob him of his ward. .Presently Miss Caterwall finished I^riting in her n,ote-book, and closed her. .Byes with an air p£ exhausted relief, v! *:Qh, <?o read it to us, dear Miss ..that's: l 'bSonis' of young ladies!...voices. ;”Oh, mxWi please! < Tour poetry-is'sd beifiti-' Kul 1” a ■ '‘My loves! "Pray spare'me! I could not do so, really—in Captain FurnelTs bearing, at -a.ll events.” ~ ‘“Then I will read it, instead,” said ICaptain Furnell, possessing himself .of ike 'scrap.of paper gallantly, for he saw. Chat this was exactly what MiSsCater Brail wished him. to do. : ‘‘‘But do you! really think that it is part ©fa drowned sailor, Captain?” asked . life youngest lady. . ®No, my dear, I think it is part of a ! fiorse’s foot;or of a dog’s; itis ■ certainly Bo human relic.” -v- , ''' '“How terrible the bed of, the, .ocean must'appear, with the remains of 'the Browned people!” shuddered" another' Scry erudite young lady. : ^Impossible,”-- Captain Furnell, .an Bwered, with a r smile; “the great den Blty of deep sea water reduces all sub BUuices (human remains and all other) to atomic conditions, as deep sea sound' |ngs have proved.” 1 '“But do read the poetry,” the, chorus generated;’. ’’ . i Thus reminded of the sacred leaf'he (434 held in his hand, Captain Furnell'read as follows > •.,. ' “Frail, mortal relic of the dead, Calm lying on the ocean'bed' Ten thousand fathoms deep. ■ 1 What mermen’s legends could'st thou tell. Could’st thou but stand alive and well, Wakened from.thy. long sleep ?” And so on through two more stanzas; eal h deeper ’than the last. “Foetical language is allowed a little licence,'- you know. Captain,’’ Miss .Cftfonwall, simp.er.eci,. after the eulo gisins of the young-■ ladies had sub gnadam .the „yeyses .show' stiy so,” CaptahTFumeiRJnsw? iernng to the ten thousand fathoms, and privately wondering- whether turn ing fact into unfact was the rhymester's privilege and licence. He would have himself liked to take an elderly gentleman’s licence in the form of a siesta, for the air was still, calm ancl.warm, and verse-reading has a soporific tendency,hut “if you will pre sent yourself at picnics, you must be as youthful as you can, old friend,” he said to himself, acting upon which in ward prompting he escorted. Miss Caterwall on her way to join the juni ors of the party, listening the while to her inane efforts to be sprightly and in tellectual in her. talk with praiseworthy patience. .■ Meanwhile his’ grandson was upon the cliff above, looking at the view— [of Gay's blue eyes, and not finding quite what he hoped to see therein. “ Why did you not bring Dina to day?” Gay was asking. “I could not persuade her to it. She had appointed to be at a spiritualistic seance this, afternoon. All her spare enthusiasm is given to the investiga tion of spiritualism lately, much to the exclusion of mundane enjoyments. " I shall certainly ask to go, too, when I come home.” “When does that happy event take place?” “In a month from now—at midsum “It lias been simple barbarity to the Captain to keep you at school so long. Do you not think so?” “N6. I do-not. .Barbarians do not send their wai'ds to school at all. My guardian is incapable of barbarity. “Where you are concerned, I know,” said Royal, rather bitterly. Gay felt the change in his tone, and became serious. ‘.‘Dear Royal, it is not my fault,” she said, in a timidly protesting way. “If I could have my way you and Dina should be first with and everything to “I knbw, dear, and if you only will you can. be the means of causing a per fect re-union between grandfather and myself.”-. ..Here he took her hand and placed it within his arm caressingly, that would performJthe ceremony first?” “Miss Caterwall, I suppose, and quite “No ; you and' Dina. The arrange ment ‘would be so charmingly suitable; everybody says so.” ri “I suppose then that Dii.-a and I are nobodies,' for neither of us says so. Dina will always be what she always has been- to me—as a sister—nothing “And she so beautiful and so clever ! You show a wonderful absence of good taste, Royal.” , “No, dear, for it is you whom I wish to have for a wife ; you before all other women in the world.” “Gay, you know, you must know my mind and heart ; you must have known it this long time, mug have seen that ] my heart is yours elfurely.” “Do. not say me nay ! Think, too, that bur marriage would be the most ef- j 1'ectual means of reconciling grandfather and myself—not that I want his pro- I perty. I do not need it, having plenty of my own. And, then, I love you, Gay, dearest. Come, look up, and give me the answer I shall so greatly rejoice to hear. I want my old playfellow for my ■He took her other hand and looked down at her with well simulated an xiety. In' reality he could not conceive the possibility of Gay ,or any other young.lady refusing Royal Boomcraft; and his thoughts passed complacently on to rest for a few moments upon the contemplation of those additional thou sands of pounds which would be in :his keeping when Gay should be his . Gay looked, at him deprecatingly, but answered without an instant’s hesita >. “Royal, I am so very much grieved that you should have spoken in this way to:me, for I cannot give you the answer, you wish to hear., I hoped we might be friends always,'and now,'it ‘seems,T-imust make you'angry.” ‘‘‘You will hot refuse me, Gay!” , . “I: must,; indeed, Royal. I am not wishing to marry.”,-; “.Then,.it'is because you have that ■Wentworth‘fellow on your mind. I sus pected it at first.” Ls^t'have-pb more right to think of Mr”Wer^SPftrtftsii-iysa'*aYe-.tpj.menr’ : tfrin‘his --name,” .Gay amswerpd, :with a ‘ dignity, that became her very well ; “and I must beg of you to refrain' from doing .so.” ., Royal whs very angry, with the Slow;:, •cruel anger of an implacable man. His. pridp, not. his affection, was wounded; .he believed'so' thorbrighly in his own attractibns Of person and mariner that he had-hot considered a refusal’of his offer to, be.within the.limits of pos sibility; and as he was naturally-vin dictive it .was natural for-him to feel vindictively' towards this girl whom he had honored with an offer of his hand. :He made two resolves . -, ^She should accept him. • " He would retaliate upon her for her /refusal of himl ,. He threw the whole-force of his will power into his eloquent dark eyes, and exclaimed'in a voice apparently trem bling with the deepest emotion, ' “ Gay, my darling ! -Can it be that you will send me from you heart broken and hopeless ? Think again, for pity’s sake, , dear one! You cannot kno\y what your refusal will be to me. •Gay, think again.” > marly, ■whom' I '“but 'if you are - going to ma v fellow-^——b ' -iyere*lae. .clergyman licensed" t .if I were do* you'-know upon Eut souls can never be attracted to sympathy by • simulated feeling. 'Gay was distressed; but she remained firm. Not that she accused kirn. of acting ; she thought him sincere, and reproached herself that she could n«t respond as be wished. “ Say no more, Royal. I can never’ be yours; but I do hope that you will be able to forgive me very soon." - She held out her hand and looked beseechingly at him, her clear blue eyes filled with tears. " Gay, dear Gay ! be persuaded.” He took her in his arms, and would have pressed his lips to hers, but she wrenched herself away, angry now, as well as distressed. Then for one instant each made a truthful reading of the heart of the other. In her eyes - -he. saw an in domitable refusal; in his she read morti fied. pride, and a desire for revenge. Up to that time she had seen much in him to like and admire; from that time forward she thought of him only with dislike. . As for Royal, his love, or the feeling which did duty for it, tu,rned to hatred and desire for revenge. 