OTJE STORY. -O KILBUCK'S RUG; OR A CLOSE SHAVE. MY friend Kilbuck is a writer ; and though I think he -never shot so lunch as a partridge in his life, the work he does best is the writing "of stories of wild adventure in the chase. I went to see him the other evening, for the first time in several months. He welcomed ine very cordially : and as I sauk into a rocking-chair before the fireplace in his comfortable bachelor apartments, I was struck by the beauty and large size of the bearskin rng that was sfretohed before the fender.- When uiy feet rested upon it I could scarcely Bee my shoes, so thickly " did the rich fur cluster about them. Hello ! cried I. Isn't this rug some thing now ? I'm sure it wasn't here the last time I was with you. Where did you get it 5 Kilbuck laughed. Haven't you heard that story ? said he. "What ! I exclaimed. Is there a story connected with it ? Let's have it ! I prepared to be properly thrilled by a narrative of hairbreadth escapes. Taking the poker, Kilbuck settled the coal in the grate, laughing softly the while. If you were the friend you pretended to be, he said, and called as " often as yeu ought and as 1 should like to have yon call, you'd koow that last spring "I was completely run down. Overwork had brought me into so poor a condi tion of health that a long rest in the country became au absolute necessity. I expressed my tartly sympathy, and complimented him on his present evi dent robustness. Yes, said he, I'm strong enough now ; but last spring you might have knocked me down with a feather. And such being the ease, I just packed up- my dhds and started for the woods. I knew of a little farm-house in a mountainous and wooded district of northern New England, and that's where I went. There isn't auofclier house within ten miles. The nearest village is a dozen miles away, and consiets of a church, a store and three houses. It is known as Oxford Corners. Near the farm-house is a brook which in spring has water onough in it to'turn a water-wheel, and at that sea son my landlord, Farley, saws lumber iu a little sawmill ho has there. Well, when I arrived I found the mill in full blast, the saw "zing " like a big locust, as it cut through the big . logs, Farley had two or three men helping him, and Ins house consequently was crowded. I had some trouble in per suading him that there was room enough fcr me ; but I did it at length and settled down to wait for health' to come. I didn't have to wait long, either. The pure air, the quiet, the wholesome country food, together with entire men tal and bodily rest, soon put me on my feet. I became strong enough to take short walks, studying the flowers and the birds, and to go fishing occasionally for trout in the brook above the mill". As for hunting, you know I never had a gun in my hands in my lif9. I couldn't have done any of that ; besides, I shouldn't have expected to find any thing but small game about. A deer was rarely seen in the neighborhood ; catamounts wereunheard of ; and when, as occasionally happened, a hunter brought in a report of bear tracks found on the mountains, .folks generally put o'n an incredulous look. I went about daily for some weeks, armed only with a botany box. My strength rapidly returned. It wasn't long before I was able to take long tramps. Well, it happened one time that 1 wanted some things that could only be got at Oxford Corners, and I determin ed to tramp over there after them. I spoke of my intention at the house, and one of the mill-hands asked toe to get him some chewing tobacco. I willingly promised to do this favour, I started early next morning, my only weapon a stout stick that I cut iu the woods, and took a waggon-trail which led over the mountain. ' It was a glorious morning. I amused myself as I swung along trying to identify tho birds by their notes: — by no means an easy task ; and I noted some rare flowers and plants along the way. At about eleven o'clock I reached the Corners, made my purchases-— not for getting the chewing-tobacco that the sawyer wanted, — -took dinner at the j storekeeper's house, and at about half- past one started back towards Farley's. I had traversed about half the dis tance, and was passing, on the way up the mountain, a place whore the trees were for the most part scrubby and small, with here and there a tall hem- i look, rising from among them. I noticed j one tree iD particular which was tall ! and tapering, with stubs of dead 1 brances sticking out all over it. Only ! at the top it bad a tuft of live foliage, j there seemed to be a crow's or a hawk's | nest up there ; and I thought that if I j wanted to climb it, it wouldn't be hard, i I did want to climb it pretty soon ; but I haven't go to that yet. i I'd like to know, just for the fun of it, how many times I've described bear cubs in my stories. A hundred, I'll warrant ! Well, sir ! do you know, when I really saw a bear cub in the path before mo I didn't know what it was ? I hadn't any more idea that the little beast I 'saw there was a baby bear than I had that it was a dromedary or au ornithorhyncus. I But I had some excuse. The crea ture was lopiug along the track a little distance ahead of me, and I couldn't see him very plainly, especially as I had left my glasses at-home, i . But I realise! that there was some strange animal ahead of me, and I was to know what it was. So I ran after it, and when I got near enough struck it a blow across the side with my stick, which mode it cry out with pain and dash into the bushes.. I stopped, out of breadth. My first thought was that for so small an animal, it made a tremendous racket in those bushes. Then I rea lised that some bigger animal was there, too— a stray cow, probably, I thought. I looked confidently to see a cow's mild, astonished face emerge from the under growth. Instead there came forth, amid a great crashing of bashes, a huge she- hear, snarling and vengofu! ! Imagine that, will you! And you know I never did like practical jokes. Well, I knew her at once— recognisod her from her photographs so to speak, at first I was astonished. Then — I make no bones of saying it — I was frightened. I knew, she could do more damage to my health in three minutes than three months in the country could repair — to say the best of it. , I Besides, I naturally hated to be eaten j after taking such pains to get into good condition. It seemed too m ich like misplaced endeavour. To fatten myself up for a bear's dinner was not what I had come into the country for. Yet there I was, standing as stupidly as a turkey in a barn-yard the day be- | fore Thanksgiving, for the moment en tirely bereft of my wits, with a big j bear not ten feet from me. I had noth- j ing to defend myself with except my stick. A cudgel is a good weapon — ; against woodchucks ; but every feature of my enemy V expressive countenance : proclaimed that slie was no woodchuck. j What was I to do ? Instinct answered the question for me. I took to my .heels — which, luckily, are light— and made a bee-line for the tree which I've jnst told you of. Nor stayed to look bohind, as the poet says. Reaching the tree, I oliinbed it, using the stubs of branches like the rungs of a ladder. No monkey in Africa ever climbed a tree faster. But I wasn't ten feet up before the bear was at the foot, and to my horror began climbing after me. Here I was, treed by a bear. In fic tion the situation is a good one, though a trifle— just a trifle— overdone. But I confess that in real life I didn't fin d i so good. It struck me as too sensa tional. At that momeut I pitied every hero I had ever put up a tree in the whole course of my career as a writer. My heart was filled with remorse for my misdeeds towards them. Then I re membered that I always got them down again, with no bones broken, and was comforted. And I wished to goodness I was. one of them. . ! But I wasn't. There was no trusty author about to manipulate me and my bear, and . consequently I was afraid matters wouldn't end happily. Meaiiwhile, I kept on up the tree, j and the bear kept on, top. It wasn't ! very long before I was at the top ; and there I stood, clasping the tree with one s-rra, ray feet resting on two little stamps of branches. There I stood, the cold perspiration starting on my forehead, and waited for the bear. And yet I remember noticing, in spite of my fright, that the nest I had seen up there wa3 a crow's, and abandoned. ! The bear came steadily up; hut when she was within a dozen feet of me I noticed with joy that she showed signs of- wavering. She looked down at the ground and then up ot mo. ; T'beu she growled and came two or three feet nearer. Then she stopped : again. | I saw that the tree was getting too \ small about the trunk for her to climb it easily. j But this didn't comfort me much. ; I was too tantalizingly near her for her ' to give me up ; and I felt it in my i bones that she could reach me if she tried. I 1 was right. The bear again, ad van- ; ced a little ; but again she stopped, and : grasping the tree stoutly, rested, pant- i lng j Her jaws were open, her tongue j hanging out ; there was an immense ' eagerness in her eyes. Iler resemblance ! to a dog begging underneath some j meat held above suddenly tickled me. ! Some men would laugh at a funeral. | Then noting her open mouth a great j hope suiged up within me. I never ; expect honestly to forgot the exultation | of that minute. I fairly shouted, and ' would have danced had I been able. | I had a bettor idea than any hero of : a bear story that lever read of. It 1 was superb, and I know it. j I reached into my . pocknt and drew forth one of the plugs of tobacco I had ! purchased at the Corners. With my , jack-knife 1 managed to saw off of it a good geuerous bunk. The bear, still pautiug, watched proceedings with in terest. 1 I poi?ed the tobacco carefully over her open jaws. She growled and shut | her mouth. For a moment I stood upon needles ; but only for a moment. She | opened her mouth again, exposing the I full leugth of her red tongue. ! Then — carefully, for my life depended on it — I dropped the piece of tobacco. My. heart gave a great throb of joy when it landed -fairly and squarely on the back of the bear's tongue. By great good luck it stuck just where she j must swallow it, willy nilly. -And swallow it she did, though it was a big mouthful. Its sharp cerners hurt her throat, and the water came into hor eyes ; but witb a painful gulph she got the tobacco down Then she growled and eyed me with an air of mingled j wrath and astonishment. ! But the tobacco seemed to have no ; other effect than to increase her ill- ' temper. True, she backed down the tree two or three feet on receiving the J dose ; but a minute later she came up : again with renewed energy. | I felt confident that the tobacco, which was as black as a hat, and as strong as Hercules, would make her ! dreadfully sick — in time. But sup posing she mustered up courage to climb the few remaining feet that separated us first ? j This was a desperate case, and if my remedy wasu't going to have pretty prompt effect I might just as well have saved my medicine. The bear slowly and with difficulty hunched her way up towards me. I began to despair again. But j'ist as I was giving up all hope I perceived that all was not well with her ladyship. Evidently she had a bad taste in her mouth. An expression of uncertainty pussed'over her face like a cloud. She began to cling tight to tho tree as if afraid of falling. 1 made up my mind she was dizzy. She appeared to be quite willing to go home ; probably the cubs needed her a .yway: She began in a great hurry to get down the treo. Her grip wasn't at all secure. She came near falling once or twice, and when about ten feet from the ground actually did so, landing with a terrible thump. But she immediately raised herself up on her haunches, and gazed uncer tainly about her. I think the earth must haye been revolting and tipping round in a particularly rapid way about that time, for I noticed her forefeet were planted very- far apart, asifhsrbody -needed bracing. Finally she got painfully up on atf four legs and lurched off into the bushes. That was all she could do, and once there she stretched herself out at full length, completely done up. I think £ man might have killed and dressed her cnb before her eyes at that moment without causing her to wink an eye even. She was a dreadfully sick bear. She was pretty near, the tree, but I thought, iu the circumstances, I might come down. She did not stir when I landed on the earth once more; but I did not stop. I started out for Farley's about as fast as I could go. You see there might be other bears io the neighbourhood, and my stock of tobacco was limited. Besides, it wasn't mine; I had no right to be giving it away to bears. I told the people about it at Farley's. They knew I was a stpry-writer ; in fact, I hud been incautious enough to read them one or two of my best bear stories, and I guess they thought I was giving them another 'yarn.' They didn't seem much inclined to believe me, anyhow. But I showed them that a part of the tobacco was gone, called their attention to the fact that I was ex tremely unlikely to have mot any one to give it away to on that lonely road, aud asked them if they had ever known mo to use it in any form. They yielded to my reasoning at last, and the next day went to the scone of my adventure. They found no bear, bnt they did see tho place where the bushes had been crushed down, and ob served that the bark of the treo had boon scratched off as if by a bear's claws. They had to concede that I had told the truth. A hnut was organised a few days later, but to no purpose. I suspect that bear was so ashamed of herself tb it she left the country." But, said I, when Kilbuck had finished his story, if you didn't catch the bear, what has all this to do with your rug. Oh, said Kilouck, I forgot all about the rug. It isu't that bear's skin, that's a fact. But I owe it to her just the same. You see I had experienced a bear 6tory which was better than any I had ever written. So I just wrote a narrative of my actual experience, and sent it to the- editor of a magazine for boys . He sent me a cheque for it at once; and with the funds I bought this rug down town. And that's all there is about it. But, said I again, suppose editors al ways demanded a moral to stories. Now, yours haBn'fc got the ghost of a moral,- Moral ! exclaimed Kilbuck, moral I Now see here, that's too bad, really. If | that story doesn't contain the strongest I sorb of lesson on the dangers of using j tobacco, I'd like to kuow what does ! i Judge: You are acquitted, pris oner to the jury: Very sorry, gentle men, to have given you all this trouble j for nothing. j ' i 