AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. llx J. W. Hemdsusom, 1 1 was m <T anuary, and we were tn iatituuo ISdcg. 21min. south. Tbo beat was beyond description, fur wawcrulyingbooafmeduuder u tropical sun. The sea was a deep ssp- pbiro blue, transluoout to a mysterious depth, so that, leaning uvcr tho rail, uuo oouhl soo bitB of gayly tinted oca-weed flout- ing far bolow tlio surface. Occasionally a brown fish, looking purpls through tho glorifying water, would shoot oloso to tbo ship uud then, smiting tbo placid depths into shivering silver, go sourrying uway iuto tbo iuliuito unknown of tbo great deep, Thcro was not a breath of air. The sea fay fiko molten glass under tits pitiless sun, and tlio lung undulation of tho swell uecmcd fiko the deep poolings 0! a heat oppressed bosom. Tbo burizon was lost in n dim gray barx tbat quivered with the radiant" heat, and gavo everything an appoaranco of molting. The pitch in tho seams of the deck was soft and sticky. Haminy Bcurlco, tlio scotind mate, declared that on tbo forcoaello deck tko pitch was boiling. Wn vwitrn filinitril thn iihin Affcnn Fnllfl. homeward bound from tho Capo of Uood Hope. Fred Meredith and 1 ivoro taking a long sea-voyage for the benefit of our boaltb. Wo had been fortunato enough to secure berths on tlic Alton Falls forthevoyngs from Now Y'ork to the Cape und back, Tho ship was a big, abla craft of Novia Sootia build, commanded by Captaiu Harry Buwn, as fias a sailorman as ever bandied a pig-yokn. Wo had been at Durban, and had rolled ul- niOBt down to our lower yard-arms on the big swell tbat always tumbles in towards tbat uniuviting bouoli, and wo had wondarod how on earth any Banu person could ohoOHO suob a plaoc to live in. We lutd also been under the shadow of Tuble ltuok, aud had conio out of tbo bay in ono of thoso rushing winds tbat aotno down tlio mountain and blow a gato insido tbo bay, when outsida the sou iu smooth und tlio wind very light. And bore wo wcro a few hundred mites on our long trip, booulmcd nnd baking. Captain Bown, Meredith, and 1 wara sitting under an awuiug tptead uvcr ono side of tho quarter- dcek. Tho ship was undor u splendid dis play of uanvas, but tbo sails wara oimply bluaebiug in tho uud. The courses were olewod up, in the vain hope tbat a stray broatb of air might steal, along thodcak. Tho man at tlio wbcol mopped hie brow, and stared lielplasely at tbo compose card. Tlio chip hail uo steeruge-nay. The vessel was full of groans uud croaks und tho clicking ol hookad doors as sbo rolled lazily on the loqg, low swells, tiummy Bcnrleu, the uaaond rnato, had gono to the muiu topmast head, for be declared that he had got a littlo funning uvcry tiuio she rolled. Tbo insn forward ivera lying ubout iu all sorts of uttitudas ax- prusiiivo of wcarinoss and disgust. Our follow climbed out on tho jib-bunm, went to sleep nnd almost fell overboard. As wo sat staring at ono auqtti,er, tho voioo of the coloured onok aroso from tbe galley trolling 11 ditty which be ha bad picked up in tbe Uoutlisrn Status ; " Diuliyah nigguh ain't gwina tor dia Till uld Jim Crow oomu rouu' by-mo-by, Au' any' 'Hoy, niggub, yo' got tor fly high'; Uuiph-umpb I Ah, unipb-urnph I" Tho Captaiu, Fred, and I looked at ono an other, aud smiled.' Wo wondered how any ono aould muster up unargy enough to sing. For a few iniuutea nothing was hoard save tho erouliing at tlio ship's timbers and tho flopping of her idle uanvas. T'honthooook lifted up his voica again : ' I wisli I war iu Baffin's Bay, Wbar all tlio liigguliu am uiudo ob oiay, An' possoms go a skatin' obbory day, Uuop-tu-loudy I Ain't dat guy ? Slidiu' down a ioeburg in Boffin's Bay." At that tlio three of uu burnt into laugh' tor, and Captain Buwn said : " I believe tho fellow's right. The only tbiug to do on suoli a day ia to iuiugino you are in a cold place," " You are jiist right," snid Fred. " I wish I were doing a oako walk around tho north polo." ' Well.I don't beliovo I Bhould oaromuoh about tbat," said I, " Tha north pule is u hard place to got to, aud a harder pluuo to got uwuy from." "That's very true, sir," said l'otor Y'oung, tho first mate, who had just finished taking 11 sight, and was on his way bolow. "Did you over hoar of tbo whaling ship Young l'bumir," " No," exolaimcd Fred, " What about ber?" -Wen, sir, ebc'a a ggfl- ton whaler that wont out ubout two years ago. filiu wuu us Hoo a vobboI as evor carried a 000k, air, and waa said to bo a bard ono to bout on a bowlino. | Wall, sbo got caught in the iao a hundred I miles or so north of I'oint Barrow, and wus crushed in bolow tbo water-lino, bo that sbo was supposed to bo sinking, and her orow abandoned her. Tho crow osoanod, arid made Ibeirway back to civilised parts of the world, but Ibeir ablp did not sink." " Wbatbooamo of her?" I asked. I " Well, sir," Baid tbo mate, witb n mysto- rious air, " she's sailing thoso soas yot, with out a captain or without a crew," ! " How do . you know ?" demanded j Fred, " she's beon sighted, sir. Mora than tbat, I sbo's beta boarded," 1 nc " ' SVhoVi ?" " How i" wo exolaimcd. " Last- epriug n man uauiod Xioavitt, sighted n -whaler standing towards shore, surrounded by ice-berge. Tliero sbo woe, with hor fore and main topsails eet, and all bet gaar juat glittoriug with ieo in tbasun- liglii." " How-was it sbo hadn't suuk I" asked Frod. _ . "Why, bless you, sir, Bho wasn't intbo water nt all. She waa about fifty foot away from it, up uu tho ioc, lasting there just as aomlorliiklu as a baby iu a cradle, and just as safo too, liouviU boarded her, aud louiid evsrytliing 01: hor decks as neat as if all bauds had just gono asboro for a lark. You see the ieo lmd uquoozed iu uudor hor, aud lifted hor up." " Aud you thiuk sbo's there yot ?" I in quired. " Juet ne suro as over you livo, sir. Why, tbo iao up thuro doesn't molt nil away in the spring, It breaks up in soma pluses; but mostly it just lioeps growing nud growing, aud 1 oliouldu't wondor nt nil if souio of thoso largo bergs wcro hundrodB ol years old, Don't you think eo, Captain ?'" " 1 think you nto about tight, Youiig,'' said tho captaiu, " 1 bavo beard nbuut that whaler, but bIio isn't n market on an arolio yarn alio reminds uicof." "Boinotbing in your own exporiouoo, Cap?" I asked. " Yes." " TI1011 by nit ineanfl lok ua hear it," flaid Fred. H I uovor hiiow you had boou o wbulor." " Yob," said tho Captain, " whon I waB in oommnnd ol tbo HsalBkiu, I was well-known at Upornnvik,.nnd _ they do soy I hove been away up Bottiiat'e what 1 nmoouiiog to. I lind beon one Huiuiuor knocking about the oiitrance of Baffin's Bay, aud hadn't dono a great doal. I waa told by B01110 Esquimaux that a largo number of right whales hod been seen oil the oast coast el Greenland, aud I dcoidail to aruiso that way. In August wo hadu't soon u ghost of ft whale, but 1 pusbud oil, and wlicn about sixty miles east ol Gael Hawk's Bay, tbo welcome cry came from tbo crow's nest, « 1 Tlier-r-r-o alio blows I' " ' Where away V I shouted. ' ' Two points off the lea bow, Bir,' " Woll, I am not going into a whaling story. It's enough to soy wo got that brute, aud did a big trade in the ooursa ol tbo next six weeks. Two montliB later I shaped my course towards Spitzborgcn, to go iuto win- ter .quarters thcro, und start north in tlio spring. I bad tho north pole lever, wiiiob so otteu oatolios whalers, uud I wonted to steal a march on every ono clso. On October 7th, u sail was sightod far away to the norlb- ward, and 1 wondered whether scmo other follow bud my idea. However, Iliad not much time to wonder, for no eoenet bad wa sighted Unit sail than it begun to blow from tkoBoulb-soutbouBt, and in a few bcuis we found ourselves iu n most terrific Gala of wind. » Ab it was blowing my way, I ccuddod witb the wind tor farty- cigbt hours, my ioit observations us our noon positiou, giving 1st. 78dog. -ilmin. north, and long. 7dcg. 37min, wost. How tar boyoud tbat wo wont no man will over know. My reckoning wae 'entirely lost. I liad no idea wbora wo were Tbo aold was intense, aud great bergs loomed up iu all directions, tbo sea breaking aguinat thorn filled tbu air witb thunder. Iu tbomidst of this awe-inspiring scone I was astounded by hearing the cry, ' Bail bo I' " Bho was not morotbnn three miles away. Bho was 11 vcueol of very old build, with u high-poop deck, aud ebo was undor all plaiD aail going fiko a phantom, and Boon disap poured. I boat to the eoutbward for (our days, fighting against baud scub and through ioo, whan tlio auu cniuo out, and I got sight) to determine out position. YVboro do yot supposo wo were 7" " Whoro !" we both naked, eagerly. "In lal. 81dog. £7iniii, north, and long.; lOdog. -12iuin, wost. How far north of tbat : wo bad boon tbat wo ebould have taken fcur , days to beat baak, is boyoud mo to gueBB." : " What boeauio of tbo strango ebfp ?" 1 ! asked. " I am coming to that. We went into winter-quartora in Mosul Bay. In the spring we made excursions ' on sludges, and on onr ot tbeso wa found our phantom. Ab wi rounded a point 0110 ot tho inon aried : ' Bail bo I Thcro she is again I' " And there was our old acquaintance, still under all suil, but tnolionloBB. Boeing thai alio was last iu the ice, 1 boarded bcr. Uei rigging wus sbentliod iu ice, and lier entire uppourauco was weird und alarming. 1 searched high nud law ever ber decks and iu her outline, but found uo signs ot either lib or dentil. I was just oorniog sway tioni liar cabin, filled with wondor and awe at tlic strange roucontro, when I saw, pinned to the cabin tuble witb tin old-iasbiunod dagger, a piece of papur, yellow witb uge, containing Homo faint writing iu a etrongo language. Upon going over it, on reluming to my own ship, n Dutoh sailor said it was iu bis tonguo, but somo of tbo words wcro uow out otuso. It read thus: " Obristmas, 17115 z.d. " Tbis day wo must leave tbe ship, Wc have been without food, snva one pturniigaii, for two days, Tbo ship is frozen fnst in tbo ice, witb all hor sails Bet, aud wa aro not stroug ouough to furl thom. Wo mujit try to find land, whero the sayages may teed us or put us out of nur misery. Why did wa aver seek for bcultb iu thoso Irozou seas? It is—" . And thcro tbo writing baaama illegible." "And did you you leuvu tbo old chip Iboro 7" naked Fred. " No ; wo burnt her. Bbo bad beon oarcor- ing over tbo deep lung onougli, freezing fast . when winter uaiuc,aud sot luoooiu tbo spring, (or 1 03 years. " And ie Ibie tbo strongest thing that evor kappcucd iu your;. exporienoo at sou?" I asked. " Yes, by for tlio strangcBt." "Tliut beats tbo Young Phoenix hollow," said tlio first mats, going below. Wo wcro silent for 11 ' moment or two. Pbon Humiuy Beurlee came rattling down from the maiutop- maut bead, orying "Here gomes a breeze." 