ECHOES OF THE WEEK, JBy Tom Ukowun. Tho sensation of the wool: is Mr, Vawdon’s declaration that fourshantics exist, within a stono’s throw of tho shiro hall, ami respectable people residing in tho shadow of that classic pilo are disturbed in spirit and tremulous with fear lest tho Grout General Public (capital letters, please, printer) should point tho linger of scorn af thorn during the day and oall round during tho midnight hours demanding whisky. Tho man in tho street had a good deal to say about those shanties on Monday, and his verandah audiences approved tho suggestion that as Mr, Yawdon had discovered some hitherto unknown grog shops he ought, liko evangelist Varloy, who gave his audiences the number of the house and tho namo of tho street when ho attacked any house of ill-fame, to liavo livened up the pleasant Sunday afternoon by giving fuller information about those four shanties which thrive in tho very heart of the town. It was only a few months ago that tho Age mado merry at tho expenso of those English journalists who know but little of Australian geography and, knowing littlo, air it prominently in the columns of tho English pross. Now tho Ago has just made a laughing stock of itself in tho same way. Nobody on tho stall’ was wiso enough to know that Omeo is not tho capital of Croajingolong or that the Gum Forest and Sheep Station Creek do not lie to the east of tho Bemm Itivor, wherefore a great and glorious jumble appeared tho other day about tho Lucas and Sherwood crushing. Cortes, the mountains of Gippsland are a veri table terra incognita to tho people, of Melbourne, but tho metropolitan thunderer ought to know something about the topography of oven so remote a place as Croajingolong, and David Symo might have spent his time to butter advantago and enjoyed his holiday equally ■ well lmd . he travelled about tho mountainous regions of Gippsland instead of going to Japan. There has beon no opposition worthy of tho namo in tho present parliament and now Patterson has gono .it will only bo tho ghost of a ghost, and Premier Turner need fear nothing moro serious than tho unruliness of his own following. M‘Intyre will not make a very terrible opponent; he has come to tho leadership by a process of exhaustion, for Murray Smith; Shiols, Carter, M'Kenzie, were ineligible for some reason or another, and there was tin one left but the rather dull and .politically obtuse member for Muldon. Tho Tariff having beon disposed of there is ho great national question before -the House, so M‘In tyro need not marshal his party for fight during tho remainder -of the session—for which both he and they arc. devoutly thankful, or should be. Patterson will not be sorely missed until the opposition have to attack tho mini sterial benches or defend their own principles; and tlion an Elisha will be wanted. The sparkling water, bright and clear, which we used to sing about in the long ago when we were good littlo children and went to Bands of Hope, exists in fancy rather than in fact, and the boverage supplied by tho local water trust is neither sparkling, bright or clear. On the contrary, it is muddy is is foul, and it supplies more animai matter to the gallon than Big River and Sheep Station do gold to tho ton of stone. So what are tho thirsty public to do 1 If they assuage a vehe ment desire for drink with whisky, so say the never-touch-its, they burn holes in their tummies and sooreh their throats, while if they drink Omeo water there is no telling the number and variety of microbes thoy start gambolling about inside them. Verily, they are between tho devil and tho deep sea. The shire councillors have seen tho errors of their ways, at least thoy have seen the error of one way, for they go wrong in many directions, and hence forth will abstain from trampling on the sporting sanctity of Cup day and profaning the great gambling festival by transacting municipal business. There was no getting over the difficul ties raised yosterday ; in the first place there was not a quorum, for ono coun cillor was playing the role of a local Tattersall, another was at home nursing his head, others pimply didn’t turnup, and in thosecondplace thoshire solicitor declared it illegal to meet on a public holiday. Councillor M‘Coy can rest satisfied und strike an I-told you- so attitude; the point ho so valiantly strove for last year has beon attained, The shiro council will no longer meet on Cup day. The gentleman rojoicing in the aristocratic name of Howard Arundel must wish he had taker, his St. Albans’ sweep ticket under some commoner and less easily recognised cognomen. It is the hardest of hard luck to win so good a prize us Trenton and then have it impounded at tho instance of Roulless creditors, but it all might have been avoided if Mr. Arundel’s vanity had not stood in the way of abandoning his blue blooded name and taking some simple little thing like Buggins or Jones. If he had only done this the money that Trenton will realise, would have gone into his own pocket instead of liquidating his financial liabilities to defunct lund banks. Seemingly there is a good deal in a name after all, and on this Howard Aruude) cap moralise at hip leisure. 