Chapter XXIV. So bright a tear in Beauty's eye, Love half regrets to kiss it dry. As Susan appears the guilty ones upon the tennis ground move simultaneously towards her, Betty, with a shy httie rush ana Holding' out to her her racquet. "Come and haveanother game, Susan, anC you, too, Mr. Crosby." " Yes, do," says Carew. " Tea will be here in a moment." He evidently holds this out as > an inducement to Crosby to remain.. Mr. Fitzgerald nobly backs him up. "Also Aunt Jemima," lie says enthusiasti cally. " " This joke, if it is meant for one, is a dead failure! jSooneeyea smiles, Susan, who is v feeling a little sliy and is horribly conscious that in spite of Crosby's assurances her eyes are of a. very tell-tale color, is fighting with her brain for some light, airy, amusing remark that may prove to all present that she had only run away from them in mere search of physical'exercise—when suddenly the rather forced' smile dies upon her lips and her eyes become fixed on some object over there on her right. \- ■ * What is it, Susan ? A ghost ?" asks Dom, who is equal'to most occasions. • "No," says Susan in a low voice. "But— this is the third time. And—look over there—at that sycamore tree in the cottage garden. Do you see anything!" "See what? . 'Is there visions about?'" asks Dom. "Eeally, Susan, you ought to consider our nerves. Is it the 'Bogie Man' '"It is a girl," says Susan. "There, there again! Her face is between those two big branches. Mr. Crosby," eagerly, "don'tyou see her ?' "I do," cries Carew suddenly. "Oh ! what * lovely face!" It may be remembered that the rectory and the cottage are only divided by a narrow road and two high walls. At the farthest end of the cottage grounds some tall trees are stand ing—a beech, two elms, and a sycamore. All these uprear themselves well above the walls and cast their shadows in summer and their leaves in winter down on the road beneath. They can be distinctly seen from the rectory tennis court and indeed add agooddeal of charm to it, the road being so narrow and the walls so much of a height that strangers often think the trees on the cottage lawn are actually belonging to the rectory. "Yes, I see too," says Crosby, leaning for ward. •"Yes, yes," crie3 Betty. " But is it a girl ?" And now a little silence falls upon them. Over there, peeping out between the leaves of the soft sycamore tree, is a face. _ There is nothing to tell if it be a, boy's or a girl's face, as nothing-can be seen but the shapely head. Aud its soft abundant tresses of chesnut hair are so closely , drawn back into a knot behind that they are hidden by the crowding branches. The eyes aregleaming, the lips slightly parted. So might a Hamadryad look, peering through swaying leaves:. "It's the prisoner," says Jacky, in an awe-, struck tone. "The apparition you mean," corrects Mr. Fitzgerald Severely. "Prisoners as a rule have bodies, spooks have none; Jacky, you lucky creature, you have seen a ghost." " Is it a boy or a girl?" asks Betty in an anxious tone. "A mosh pertinent question," says Fitz gerald, who.is taking the situation with any thing but the seriousness that is so evidently . demanded of it. "But, as I have before re marked, there is no body to go. by and naturally no clothes. It is therefore unanswer able." - Crosby- has said nothing. He is indeed deeply occupied with the face. . So this is Wyndham's tenant! A very lovely one. Again a slight doubt arises in his mind about his mend. And yet Wyndham had seemed j throughly honest in his explanation. ."Iknow it's a girl," says Susan with de cision. "Jacky has seen her; and.what a pretty one. Oh ! there, she's gone." And, in deed, the Hamadryad, as if becoming suddenly conscious, of the fact that they are looking at her, draws back her head and disappears. "Pm afraid she saw "us," says Susan contritely. "She must have thought us very rude. I'll ask father to let me call on her, I think. She must be very-lonely there. And even if she is only Mrs. Moriarty's niece, still she must have been educated to make her look like that." ."Perhaps," says Crosby, speaking with ap parent carelessness and looking direct at Susan. " f She might not like to be called upon. I have been given, to understand' that she is not a niece of Mrs. Moriarty's, and ".No—but what then ?" asks Carew. "A tenant of Mr. "Wyndham's. He is a friend of mine, you know. And he told me lately he had grown very tired of the Cottage and was willing to take a tenant for it. This lady is, I presume, the tenant." " The more reason why we should call unon her," says .Susan. "But isn't' she" very' young," says Betty, "to be a tenant all -by herself ?" - This startling suggestion creates a slight pause. (To be continued.) 