CHAPTER LI. WHI«H BSCS OUR ETORY. With, the return of Ethel Grey, Nick was enabled to pick np the last link in the great Triple Washington Mystery. Chick found Ethel at her last hiding place by shadowing Martha Lange on her first visit to herformer mistress after Nick's return to Washington. The first intention of Chiok was to send for Nick; but by a bit of carelessness he was detected at his watch. Fearing he might agpin lose this most important per son (for he had inthemeantime ditcovered that it wae Ethel Gray) he pot her under arrest. . As soon as she fully realised her situa tion she asked Chick to take her to Washington, and agreed to go without the formality of requisition papers. As briefly as it could bs done, Nlok related all that he had learned in his work oh the case. Then he said— "It now remains for jon to furnish what I further information we nerd. Ton have 1 been shielding some one f " " Tee." ' " Who is now dead f" "Tea 1" with a great sigh: "Tour sister P" " My half-aster." " Leone Antonelli P" Ethel nodded. " Braytou Bussell's wife V Again she merely nodded. "Why did yon Shield and aid a mnr-l deressr' " She was no murderess." " She killed hsr husband." "£& she wre irresponsible. The woman was amsniao." After'much persuasion, Ethel waa in duced to tell the whole story. Bray ton Bnssell had mat Leone Awt/molli on one" of the tatter's visits to the Grays at Paris. ThereBult was a secret marriage and the birth of a child. Then the young mother became a raving maniao. and was shut up in a madhouse. Bussell's valet, the secret husband of Miss Ethel's mud, had found a woman who undertook the care of the child for a stipulated sum until its father should he ready to claim it or make other arrangements for the boy's future. "Why. was such care taken to keep the existence of this child a secret i" asked Nlok. " Need you ask, since yon know so mnch I aboat the danger which threatened the J existence of every Del Pncnte heir i" was [ the reply. "Tell me why yon ware willing to shield I this mid woman even at the sacrifice of | your own life ?" "First, because the waa my half-sister and, I loved her. Second, because I pro mised our mother on her death-bed, when she-revealed to me the relationship of Leone, that I would keep this sister's birth—her very existence—a secret as well as that of the child, until after the claims to the Del Pnente estate had all been al lowed. Everything might have gone well had not Leonuesoaped from her keepers inFrsnoe." "Ah! Shehasbeenat large for some (ame.thenPn " Tea. In her madness she had but one desire—to escape and kill Brayion Bnssell for taking her child away from her. Gradually she, grew better, ud her phy riaianB believedahe was mpuity returning to a state of permanent sanity. They ac corded her the liberty which in her mad ounningshe plotted to get, and when the opportunity-causa she escaped. "The.mad-house authorities informed Russell *>fthe esoape. He cent for me, baoause he knew I was the only person who was fully informed of til the facte in the hiatory of his unfortunate marriage. It waa I who met him at the^Coringtoa a month before his death, and was driven to the Pennsylvania depot." "Why Aid you go to New York f" " To be there when the French stetmer arrived next day. Mr Bnssell believed that she would come direct -to America, and might be apassenger onthat steamer. He hoped I would be able to identify her. even if she was in disguise, and enooeed in getting her to -return quietly with her grandmother, Mzs Antonelli .until he ootid meet her there and mtke his pease with her." « You met her there t" "No." *f She was not on the steamer t" "Tee. But eaw me first, and eluded| me." " Well, then what!" " I never heard of her tall.—fall the day of the tragedy. She then suddenly ap peared la my room, and she appeared to be perfectly cane and rational. All die de aired, ehe said, was to find h" hiding-place of her child." "Ton didn't tall her f" "No, because I didn't kaow." " Well, go on." "I was called away from the room for a few minutes. When I returned she was gone. At the same time I missed the stiletto which Br Jerome had given to ma. Then I feared she had designs on her hue baud's life. It was to warn him that I called on him early on that fatal evening. "After I left the Covington on my return, I suddenly discovered that I had dropped one cf my gloves in Mr Bussell's room, and I sent, as I supposed, my maid back for it. When I got home and saw Fanchon there, aad heard her story of the women who had threatened her with a Btilettp and compelled the surrender of the cloak. I anticipated the terrible result. "You know what happened when Leone returned to the Covington in the. guiee of my maid. Had I not sent her, ehe would undoubtedly have left me before I reached home and returned without an excuse." "Where did she go after the crime was I committed ?" "I don't know. She remained, some where in hiding in Washington, for sle visited me here in tbiv house several times afterward, coming and going like a ghost." " Ah, yes I The - day we heard ■ that pistol-shot in your room ?' "I tried to detain her, with father's help. She was armed, and fixed that shot at father. Then she kept us both under cover of the weapon and compelled father to send you all away when you csmeto the door to sens what had happened." " She war also the sewing girl who went to your room the tight of your flight ?" " Tes. She was hidden behind the bed when Marie Boutelle and I entered the room. She heard Marie reveal the fact that she had Bussell'slohild in her posses tios; find mm ber show me the type in the ivnSH *^4 *** °aor *° deliver the i i. .?e ®°r a nm of money; hf I®",ttwaten to turn the boy ovf* ®° "a deadly enemies as a last refort re was at that point that the maniacal from *** P1*00 »a hiding upon the victim and crushed the life out _ *rie .BontPiHe in lets than a minute, ijww eo hewor-rtatieken that I fainted. \ revived «he -was -gone, and the titer® on the floor. * Baftligincf ray awful dii^nuw^ i Fate so directed my steps that I over-, toolc Leone on the sixeefc. Her strength' waanearlygone. Nothing but pityfllled my heart Jor her. I called a carriage, and! we were driven to the depot in time to catch a train for New York. I toot her direct to her grandmother's, where yon 'f* dead—dead—the day after we arrived." ."^88 Gray, yon have ope of these lings r asked Nick, holding up the snake ring cn his watch-chain. " I have three of them." Hot answer was wholly unexpected. "Throef* "Yes One is Mr Oobden's,as I sup pose you biow. Another was given to me by my mother^ who told me its history, and i sw<»« me to secrecy; it was the joint pip. - pexty of Leone and myself." i •" Andthe third—" ' " is Nie oaetakenfrom Brayton Bussell's jbody-when he was killed." "Taken by Leone#" j "Yvb. She had it when she died." 1 " How do yon know she took the ring." " Leone died perfectly sane, and related to me all that ocourred -on that tragic; night when she went hack to the Goving ton. She found Kossellasleep in his chair, and he never knew whose hum it was tint deprived him of life." "Asleep'." He complained of feeling drowsy perore i left him, in spits of the startling news I took to him." "Do you_know why he had sent for Navarro that night t" . " Yee. To ask the senor plainly whether his mission to the United States was not somehow connected with the Dal Paente He strongly suspected aa much." "-There is nothing how left to clear up n all this mystery except to discover Navarro's motive in giving Russell that drugged cigar/' said Nick. "Drugged! The cigar druggedP" gasped Eunice. _ . That is why his mad wife found him telpless and at her meroy when she entered his rooms. That the cigar was drugged can easily be shown. Hiss Eunice, yon have the part of that oig&r; which wss hot oonsnmed. Will you bring it to me P" i ,, ®Ilnjc"'8 *®ca e*PT«8sed great surprise at [ the detective's knowledge of that one of iucioorfltSf bat ghe did not stop to ask any questions. A few minntes later Nick held in hie hands the stump of that piga*. for f the possession of which he had declared to Superintendent Byrnes he would rive jSIw. & . i " Chick, I want you to smoke the re in ai*der of this cigar, in the cause of jnstioe." ^ Chick complied without a word of ob- . lection, and the effect was what Nick had eipeoted. In twenty minutes Chiok was Under the influence of the drag, " 1 must arrest the only living parties to this great conspiracy, and discover Just what part they have had in the four deaths Whioh have come ont of it," add NieV. "Ton mean Ssnor Navarro and his wifeP" said Paul Cobden. "Exsetly." Bnt neither the aenor nor his wife ever fell into Ni«k's official hands. When he caHed at their reiidence on Second-street j an hour later, the house was found "Wed. The birds had flown. The Navarros escaped to South Amarjn^ 1 and news has just reaohed Superintendent I Byrnes that Inez died from an attack of I yellow fever at Bio Janeiro less one! month ago. With her death is removed any possible j benefit to Navarro whioh might come from j the death of any of the remaining Del f Poente heirs. There ere bnt three of those heirs alive ] now to claim the vast oatate in Spain next December:—Ethel Gray, whose likeness to her unfortunate half-sister once deceived the greatest detective in the United States; Paid Cobdea j and the son of Brayton Russell and Leone Antral]; Paul and- Ethel will be married jnafc before they sail next winter for Spain to take possession of their joint two-thirds of the princely wealth. Eunice Gray has assumed the guardian-1 ship of Sriyton.Russell's orphaned son, ■ud is giving him the great love of her heart which went out to the father while the latter was alive. Mr Gray has fully zeoovered his health mid his normal physical proportions. He and Eunice, accompanied by little Leon Susstll, Fanchon Bontelle and her hue-' band, who have entered Mr Graj'e service, I will sail for Europe immediately after the I marriage of Haul and Ethel, to be gone on "the grand tour "several years. Mr Gray has nevsr got over hispassion for travel; and, after the tragic events of their i™»t winter in Washington, he and Eunice feel a special need of the relief whioh thsy can only find in a constant change of place.'' : Both Nick Garter and Superintendent I Byrnes feel satisfied With the outcome of the great conspiracy. It would have been More satisfactory to them, pwbaps, could' Dr. Jerome and his female confederate I have been brought to justice and to pay the penalty of their crimes upon the -scaffold. Bnt, when they consider that a* outcome would have made publio all the trouble* and sorrows which nearly crushed onfc life and happiness for Ethel Gray, they are reconciled to that which -came to pass. Tins the Del Fuente conspiracy comes j to an end with only three living defen dants to chum the eccentric old don's bil lions, but the three promise to prove most worthy brim, who will not misuse the mighty power whioh their Monte Onato possessions give them. And .when Nick Garter, goes to Spain i be will not have to build a castle there, for one will be waiting to receive -him.as a] most weloome gwst. [the ewp.~| 