CHAPTER XXXVL FATTI- CHAIMS'S SOS. Baby.fingers -waxen touches, — asox. IL-a-Mavd -u-rnss Hd-(W8\mind that An . gustus Holloway was the name he heard mentioned on the eventful night when the captain first met Dolores. He had been f resent when she first told what she wanted in the barracks, and he thought it might be as well to get this talkative man outside. He was as sharp 9s most people, was Holmes, and he was not slow to see that a denouement of some sort would come before long to the half-told story of Mrs. Paul Challis. He guessed, iu common with tlie rest cf the household, that Dolores west in fear of her maid for fcoiuc reason or other connect ed with the past, and this man r.ith his in quiries after tbe myUiical Mr. Holloway might possibly be a feature in that hidden past also. *' I'll thank you not to say my master is drunk any more, my man,'' he said_ 'Keep a civil tongue in your head when you come here, if you please. Xhe captain's no more drunk than I am.' ' I only went by appearances mister,'* the man said, more civilly. ' Maybe you can tell me what I want to know. Where shall I -find Mr. Augustus Holloway ?'' ' I don't know. There's no such gentle man here. There never has been since I've been here, and that's pretty nearly all my life, off and on. I was born in the quarters yonder, and put into the band when 1 was so little that my bearskin looked the biggest half of me. You've made a mistake either in tbe name or the regiment. I've known every officer's name for many a year, and there has never been one like that.' ''No. I hav'n't made a mistake. Maybe he did,'saidtheman with a laugh. ' Gents sometimes do make mistakes in their names when they want to hide them. I thought you said you knew him.' ' I said I had heard the name. So I did once, but it was only someone asking for him just as you are doing now. Come out side, mate, and have a glass of ale. Busi ness is going on here, you see,- and gossiping about the barrack-yard is against the regula tions.' The stranger was nothing loth, and they adjourned to a public house just outside the gates, where they were soon seated in a room, empty of all others, with glasses of liquor before them. ' I thought Mr. Holloway woald help me with a trifle, maybe,' the stranger siid. I'm ducedly down on my lock, and I served him in many ways at one time, as my wife served his — his lady. He was a loosish fish and led a rackety sort of life.' He spoke English pretty well, but his ac cent was foreign, and he had ail the foreign er's gesticulating manner. ' Cant ycu get anything to do ?' asked Holmes, hardly able to account for his curio sity regarding this stranger, yet wonderfully curious, nevertheless. ?' What's your trade r' ' Trade ! Oh, I have none. I have been a little of everything. I have ' smelt the sawdust' in a circus, and I have rubbed tie wing3 in a the-itre. Latterly I -have been more prosaically employed. 1 '.»«? been a waiter in a restaurant.' ?? A waiter ?' 'Yes.' ' Is your uair.e Lescours ?'' ' Yes. Why do you ask ?' ' You were at White and Tibson's in the Strand ??' ' A long time ago. I don't remember ever having sceingyou.' ' I used to be in and out a good bit with jdt master,' Holmes, said, gravely. '' So you are put of a berth now ?' *? Yes and can't get one. I'm down on my luck altogether. I lost my last berth through the prying and sneaking ways of the manager. If ever I meet him again I '11 spoil his white face for him.' '- Managers have a way of prying into things,' Holmes said, quietly. ' ' About this Mr. Holloway, mate — can yon describe him? il&ybe;, it is one of our gentlemen after all.' ' I am sure it is. Is 'there ever' a one among them that the others call Beauty ?' - ' Not now— there was.' ^ '. 'A fair-haired, handsome fellow with' blue eyes, and a wheedling tongue that mede everyone do just what - he wonted — that's him.' ' That vos him.*' *' He has left the service, then ? Where is be?' ?' That's a question I can't answer. He's dead.' ' Jack Holmes, the captain's - looking for you. You had better come quick. He wants you in a hurry,' suddenly exclaimed one of the men, who had just entered the room.. . ? . * . Holmes had to start up and run off, .for the captain was very severe about any neg lected duties. He left his new acquaintance musing over the empty glasses with a puzzled look on his face. 'Dead, is he?' be said to himself. ; ' There's an end of that, then. I wonder what has become of my - wife — hang her 1 I could make her and the brat useful now.' , . . He little thought that tbe man with whom he had been talking could have told him of his wife's whereabouts, or that Marie was a member of the captain's household. As for Holmes, he went .back to his quarters, his head full of a secret he had suddenly discovered. 'The beauty! Why, that was Mr. Hastings,' he said to himself. ' A pretty kettle of fish there'd be if he was alive. Pd better tell the Captain all about it. There's some mischief or other afoot, I'm sure.' ' Man proposes,' &c.;, and this musty proverb came true in Holme*' case. Other matters put Auguste Lescours out of his. head, and for a long time drove away all Captain Ch&Uis;'s bitter thoughts. He had hardly been a quarter of an hour in Dr. Courtney's comfortable quarters be fore one of the servants -came in -hat haste to fetch him. Dolores was iii; would he come at once ? Leaving' word for Holmes to follow him in case he wanted him, be went home in all speed to find the news was trae. Dolores was very ill, indeed, and tbe day and night passed away in an agony of solici tude before his mother came to where he sat waiting, and told him that all was hap pily over. ' A bonnie boy, Paul,' she said — ' a fine, healthy little fellow.' , , She was proud of her first grandchild after the fashion of grandmothers, and did not see how pale ' and distrait her son had been looking all the time. ' A really splendid boy, PauL You stall see him soon.' ' And Dolores, mother. How is she ?*' ' Tolerably bright. She does not seem glad it is a boy as I am. When I said, 'It is a beautiful bo*f, dear,' she only said, 'Is it?7 and turned her head away. Of course she is very weak and prostrate now, but she didn't even ask to look at it.' 44 Dolores isn't demonstrative, mother, ' the captain said, with a shy. ' -*he will not be wanting in love to her child. Per haps it may make her love me a little.' 'Panl!' Hehsd spoken the last words half to VitmHrif, alnost forgetting her presence, and they went like a chill to her heart. Was there anythingwrong that be thodld make-soch a speech as that ? She thought that his marriage so far had been one long honeymoon, unshadowed by a single cloud. ' My dear boy,' she eaid. ?* have yua any reason to fancy Dolores does not love you?'' ' What reason should I have, mother ?' he said, with, a smile that was but the ghost of a one after alL ' I meant I hoped that this little fellow would bind us closer to getberl ' It is a new tie, you see.' ' You said ' nake her love you a little, Paul, as though you doubted any love on her part at all.' ' Don't take fancies, old lady,' her son .said, trying- to speak gayly, though .his face was hidden from her. ' I'm not very well. I went out hipped and nervous before all this excitement began, and think of the hours I have been on tenter hooks. Don't begin to fancy that Dolores and I are not the most loving couple that ever were. If you have got such a thing into yonr head, put it out as soon aa maybe.' '? Words, words, words,* words,' as Hamlet says. Mrs. -Challis was silenced, bat not convinced, dhewasby when her son greeted -his wife for .the first time .after her peril, and she saw how hi? eyes filled 'and his lip -jui*t-ered as he bent down to kiss her. -?-??? *? ? \- SheheardhiminnnmiTpasskjnstely.^My dariing,' as be fcro«tal her nrte -£«&-, j*ku«» she saw,' too. there was no- response. 'The' dark .eyes did not light up with gladness, nor did she turn hex lips to meet his loving caress. ' I am glad you are pleased,' «he said, quietly, *«-hen lie expressed his delight that the child was a boy, and that was all. There was none of a young mother's lap turous delight at the reception of her first born, none of the happy pride that is the first feeling when s. living child is laid in its mother's arm?. ?* Ko ; she did not want it, she said. ' She was sleepy.' Verily her husband's words were true. She was not demonstrative. Dolores did not recover quickly, and was curiously apathetic where her child was con cerned. She would never have t»ken any notice of it at all if Marie Lescours had not striven with all her might to keep her up*to this part of her duties, at any rate. The captain's whole life seemed to be bound up in his little son. He had never cared, for children, haidly ever noticing them ; but he would sit for an hour at a stretch with his own infant in his arms, '? watching for it to grow, and making a spectacle of himself,' the nurse declared, in wrath at his constant invasion of her dominions. ' He was always worriting,'' 6he complain ed, when she was downstairs for a gossip after the fashion of herclass. ' How could her lady have time to get well when he was always hanging about, looking as solemn as a death's head ? Love, indeed ! Well, she might want love when she wasn't let alone a minute. It was enough to kill her being fussed over so.:' The good lady had some reason for her complaint, for Paul Chillis, instead of going out in the morning and staying out in the othordox fashion all day, only returning in stantly popping in tnd out, and disturbing her, the nurse said, though it was the good lady herself he disconcerted, not Dolores. ' Want of tone,' the docter said it was, when she got up at length after an unusually long period of seclusion. ' Perhaps you will be able to rouse her up a little, Lucy,' Mrs. Challis said, when her daughter set out to visit her brother and his new treasure. ' I don't believe she cares for the child a bit.' *' Oh, mamma, that's impossible.' ' tShe doesn't you'U see. Shttold Paul to call it what he liked. She did not mind what its name was, the fretty dear. He* looked quite unhappy when he told me about it, poor fellow.' Be is aging dreadfully, is Paul. I can't think what's tbe matter with him./ ' Aging ' was a mild word to use. Lucy was shocked at her brother's altered appear ance. There was a pained, worn expres sion in his face that made her hetxt ache, and a weary tone in his voice when he spoke to her, though he declared he was very well. He brightened up a little when he showed her his boy, but she went away, convinced that there was something- wrong. The doctors recommended that. Dolores should £0 abroad, but she would not go. *' She would rather die in * England,' she said, ' if that was what they meant than be dragged off abroad.' Her liusb&ud; could only trust to time to restore her. He was assured by the medi cal men that this kind of apathy was by no means uncommon to ladies in her condition, and he must trust to time to remove it. ' She got about again, and tbe boy was christened ' Paul tSaston' after his father and grandfather. Lord Poorness and Lord Allardyce, with Lucy, being his sponsors. The day had a gloomy ending, an ill omen for the little child whom Lord Four ness had held in his arms at the font to be made a little Christian of. His lordship had been more ailing than usual for a few days, and complained of a sudden spasm, having seized him during the ceremony. ?? He went home early , and retired to rest much before his usual time, and when his mother went to his room he was dead. The summons had come to him in merciful patn lessness and silence ; and Lord Tempiestowe was without an heir. 