The New Governor* Aocohmng to a special telegram. wMcb. we publish, to-day, the question of the New South. Wales Governorship is on. the eve of solution. The Right Honor able Sir Ahthttb Hatter (2nd baronet) will probably be our next Governor. Sir Abthcb, who is sixty .years of age, should, from his previous record, make a arood Governor. He is an M.A. and honors man of Oxford, and has been a captain in the Guards and subsequently commander of the London Biiie Brigade (volunteers). After his military experiences Sir Abthub, whose parliamentary ex periences date from 1865, became in 1880 a Lord of the Treasury, and he has throughout his career associated himself ' .with various public and philanthropic undertakings which show the wide ness of his sympathies. The full detail of his career is given else where. It is merely referred to here to show that he is. a man who in his time has played many ' parts and who therefore should be accept able to all sections of the population. Moreover — this is a point it is well to mention in the present days of retrenchment and reduced allowances — he is a rich man. If Sir Aeteuh's appointment be con firmed New South Wales should be as well suited with him as Victoria is sure to be with Lord Bbassey. Sir Akthxth's record comprising as it does experience of political office in Great Britain resembles that of the late Sir Robest Duff, but Sir AJEtTHUB's official career includes the tenure of much more impor tant posts than were ever held by his predecessor. South Australia does not seem likely to be quite so fortunate as either New South Wales or Victoria. The Governor elect of that quiet and somewhat' hum drum colony, Sir Thomas Foweli. Buxton is a very excellent man, but apparently not one whose presence will very much tend to liven up mat ters. The same cable which brings us news of the probable appointment of Sir Abthub Hayteb tells us that Sir Thomas after his in stallation will- attend neither theatres nor races. Sir Thomas would thus seem to have been chosen more with a view to suiting Adelaide as a city of churches than in its capacity of the home of the legalised totalisator. No doubt abstention from, frivolous amusements on the part of those- in high places will be warmly approved in certain quarters. But, concerning such ab stention, there is the very practical consideration, is not it very bad for trade ? and the high moral considera tion, does it not tend to make frivolous amusements even more frivolous, or in otiher ways more objectionable, than they might otherwise be. Cer tainly a theatrical performance, under gubernatorial patronage, would hardly be likely to comprise anything obj ectionable. But after all for a man going to Adelaide to announce beforehand that he would eschew the drama is rather super fluous. The temptations in that way axe at least not great. As for the avoidance of races, the same line of argument applies to them as to theatres. It requires very little ex perience to judge which race meet ings axe the more prone to abuses, those fashionably patronised, or hole and corner gatherings. A governor's staying away from races is not likely to have any effect in. diminishing betting, and the abstainer will not be likely to increase his influence for good in other directions. Those over whom he nominally rules will not be taken by his giving himself, however conscientiously, airs of superior righteousness. Of all the legal questions which have ever bees raised, probably that suggested by the discovery of a human skull in the stomach of a. shark caught at Newcastle is one of the most curious. It is as to whether a relic of humanity brought forth, from such a tomb can form the subject of a ooronial inquiry. Grim and ghastly as are moat of the associations which this piece of newB calls up it certainly ia not without a rather strong touch of the grotesque. A very satisfactory account of work done in connection with the Women's Hospital and Dispensary, Hay-street, was given yesterday at the meeting of persons interested in that in stitution. The establishment of a daily outdoor department for the treatment of diseases pe culiar to women seems to have served a very beneficent purpose; and how much it Wa« needed is to be judged f rote the number of patients who have availed themselves of the assistance which it has afforded. The num ber for the year was set down at 1157. For aceouchementa 208 women were attended in their own homes, and thirty-eight patients who needed surgical operations were .also tzeated in their own . homes. The in stitution too has become already a training school for nnraea and midwives. The expenses attending the hospital have been kept down by the fact, so credit able to both, that the medibal BtafE arid the nurses have given their services gratuitously. -But it is-about time tbat the public lent a helping hand. There have, no doubt, been many demanoi on them of late in the charitable way. Still, tucn *h institu ition as this should have special claims. ; ' Since the ' celebrated Mellon seances, spirits— thoBe at any -rate of the supernatu ral iind— would seem to have; sot scarce: in Sydney. But a sign, several signs, In fact, of what believers in spiritualistic phe nomena majr be. presumed .to consider as of jthe authentic kind, is reported from Brisbane. . The -particulars were given yesterday in a late coition of the 'Evening News,' and are repeated to-day. Knocks have beeen heard at the door of a house in a. Brisbane suburb at ' Mght. , As 'there lias, been no appearance of any knockers in the fleshi some unquiet ghost i» suspected of revisiting the glimpses of the moon in that particular neighborhood, and announ cingits presence in so troublesome* a fashion. The rapping so far, like the 'biith' of Thackeray's Jeames, is *frapt in mistry.' Whether, as in respect of that notable prob lem already alluded to, with which so%many worthy, but' credulous folk were exercised here, a judge will finally be invited to give an opinion on it, is as yet a matter for mere conjecture. Possibly the real explanation of the knocking, when it comes, will be as simple as was that in relation with the stone throwing at Newtown some lime ago, which, as will be remembered, was so regularly kept up for several days, and discovered at last to be a series of practical jokes played by; a little girl. The mission of the Sacred Heart is evi-. dently making great 'progress among the hitherto uncultured Polynesians of Britain's latest acquired possession in the South Pa cific. By the French liner Ville de la Cio tat there arrived for mission work in the Gilbert Group no less than three priests, four brothers, seven sisters, and two nar tive teachers; and the party is to be augr mented by two more sisters of the order from Sydney. Anyone who knows what the Gilbert Islands are cannot but admire the devoted energy that prompts white missionaries to settle in such miserable localities as the Gilbert Groups— mere sand banks, yielding nothing but cocoahuts and fish. A good deal has very truthfully been said about the pleasant lives of most Polynesian missionaries, but as far as, the equatorial islands of the Pacific are con cerned, they are places eminently suitable to keep away from. Lord Selborne, whose death is announ ced by cable, was in his latter years chiefly conspicuous for his hostility to the Irish policy of Mr. Gladstone. That is, at least as far as what may be termed the outer British communities were, concerned. In England, by virtue of his previous record alone, he would have continued to the last to be a somewhat notable man. His criticism of the Home Rule scheme, in a series of articles in 'Blackwood's Maga zine,' was' very keen and searching. To Unionists, no doubt, it appeared as though Lord Selborne had not left his erstwhile political chief an argumentative leg to stand upon. To Home Rulers, of course, his contentions were rather those of a very ingenious special pleader than such an im partial and really judicial statement of the case as might have been expected from an ex-Lord Chancellor. There can be little question as to the absolute sincerity of Lord Selborne's strictures on Mr. Glad stone's championship of Home Rule; but it was rather unfortunate for him that he should have had to take sides against a man to whom he owed his elevation to the ?wool- sack as well as his earldom. To be sure, this, was but one of many similar disrup tions of old political friendships occasioned by the question- of Irish autonomy. 