CHAPTEr XXIX. ' You look estonishel at something,' said Lord Caraven's friend to him when he re* tturnel io resumIe their game at billiards. 'Yes,' replied the, Eart, I hovye ben enj ing a novel sensation.' *W hat is that?' asked the friend. IT am not quite sure,' was the l ughing reply-' 1 shoubl' not like to he to certain of it-hut I believe that I have been flirting with my own wife.' The .young Countess had hasteneul smilingly. away after presenting him with the sprays of mign)nfette. If that was the result of - few kind words, she- said to her self that she would otten say them. Sir Raoul saw her smiling anid blushing, with at glad light in her eyes. * Well,' he slid, ' what success 1' ' The best in the world,' she replied; and her pleasure wAS increased at dinner time. when she saw that Lord COuraven wore some of the migeonette'in'his hutton-hole. She tr.i'1 hlrd to keep watch and guard over herself. =Vheltl she found herself re" lapsing. into her old hutughty silence and pride, she roused herself. She who had always passed her husband with lofty unconcern, who had never deigned to make the least reply to any remark of his, now studied little speeches that ste could make t(l him ; she asked his opinion ; she smil-d at his jcuts. . People looked at each other in quiet. wonder. Had they, after all, merle a mistake in their host aid hostess I Lord Caraven was folid of music; he had a rich, ringing tenor voice which as a rule he was teo indolent to use,. He would troll out a verse of a love ditty, or thI* ahorub of a drinking-song in a fashion that imadleS ones long to hear the rest. In the evening Sir Raoul asked him to sing. 'It is too much troublh,' said the hand. sonim Earl. ' Why should I exert mnyself to sing when othl'r people can do it so much better for ate?' *That is an idle excuse,' return. d Sir Rseul. 'Lady Caraven, persuad.. your hushbnd to sing; lIe lIan a voice almost nas rich eind clear as ?Jarlo'a, but he will never use it.' She came ever. to him. He looked at his beautiful young wife in all the shimmer of. satin and gleulm of pearls; hIi gazed earnestly into the beautiful face, * Do sing, Lord Caraven,' she said. ' You owe me something for my flowers this morn ing.' Do you really wish me to sing, Hildred V' hs* asked. ' I do indeed,' sh± answered. 'Then you shall be obeyed. Will you have an old fashioned English ballad, or a Scotch one ' No French or Italian for me. I like good hearty words.' Ho sang one of the prettiest of English songs-' Gnod-t'ye, srveetheart, good-bye " sang it with such sweetness, such pathos, that his listeners were almost moved to tears. ' I could not leave thee though I said, 'Good-bye, sweetheart, good-bye.' ' As the Inst words passed his lips he caught a glimpse of his wif-'s face. What did it express ? He stopped suddenly. Sir Raoul rallied him. begging him to finish. ' Let us have the last verse,' said he; but the Earl turned quickly to him. ' Not another word, ilRoul,' he answered I T can sing no more. I have seen a ghost.' A ghost I' cried Sir Ranul. ' The ghost of what?' f r am not sure,' replied the Eirl; ' bht T think it was the ghost of what might have been.' And Sir Raoul said no more. Guests and fri- nds began to ask themselves could they be mistaken- ouirl th y have misunderstood ? The cold suller glerm was leaving the young wife's face ; the husband ceased his covert snrers and hard words; they too exchanged laughinc jests anl smiles. Yet Fildred saw, and saw plainly, that it was all her doing. If ever by chance she for one moment forgot her role, he forgot his; if by chance she relapsed into her cola] frozen manner, he changed as though by magic. She saw plainly enough now that all depended on herself. She studied how to please him. For instance, there was nothing. that pleased Lord .Ouraven moeoe than finding his ne.s pnpcr cut and airer) for him to read in the mnornir.g; he disliked having to cutt it him self or to air it. She had always been loftly Iinlilfferent. thinking to herself that his iminnlp:ne must not even be eniuuraged. in' she thought ditfeirentl; ; the newspaper was cut nnd Aired and laid 'ready for him. Happening to a me down-stairs rather earlier than usead one, morning, he found hear ottutigid upon her self-iinposed task. He looked et her with a bright pleased smile. Hildred,' he said, ' is it to you that I am indebted every mnorning for my aut news. paper ?' It is a great pleasure to get it ready for you,' she replied, with a charming smile. He was deeply touched by this simple Aict of attention. After all, there was some thing very amicableahout the money-lender's daughter. From that day Lord Caraven never opened his newspaper without a kindly thought of his wife. It was perhaps but a small hegimning, this changing of sneers into smil's, but it was something gained. Both husband and wife were alike in one respect; they had a keen sense of humour. The Earl had more of this sense than his young wife, and it was a wonderful bond of union between them. There were times when there was no need for, words, when a glance wae quite kufficient; and Lord Caravan began to look into those beautiful dark eyes for the secret sympathy thAt no one else gave hum. Ho began to do what he had never even thought of before converse with her. If tine hung heavily upon his hnods, if he tired of billierds, or tthere was no ono iat hand to play with him, it cam' to him with a sense of relief that he could go and chat with Hildred. She grew accustomed to see him looking at her from the door of her room, with an air of apology on his handsome face. 'May I come in for half an hour, Rildred 9' he would ask; and then she would put away her hooks, or her easel, or whatever she was engaged upon, and devote herself to him. If he were told some merry story, her quick laughing sympathy was tho first thing he soughtl If be heard any clever repartee or I play upon words, the first thing he thought of .was to repeat, it to Hildred. All this was so muich gained-yet it seemed to' her very little Sir Raoul asked her one morning how she was progressing. She turned her betutiful fa-* to him, and it seemed to him there was a tired look upon it.. ' I can- hardly tell you, Raoul,' she replied. ' I have don-. ma best. T have thought of him and studied him, and the utmost I can say is that he has learned to associate me with all his amusements. That is not a very high or elevated state of things, is irI' 'I term it, beginning at the very found ation, Hildred,' he answered. ' If lie iarn mnences by associating you with his amuse ments, lie will end by making you sharp in' all that interests him.' The dark eyes brightened. ' Do you think so ? Then all my trouble has not been in vain.' ' I think,' said Sir Raoul, ' that you have made wonderful pro2'ress. All the coldness and constraint, the terrible distance between you that tnle everyone uncomfortahlit, laa disappeared. Your husband'a face brightens now when you onter a room; when you leave it, he watches you regretfully. You have g.iinel much, Hildrnd. Tti,.a long struggle, this battle for a man's heart, but you will win in th-. end ' 'Still,' she remarkwl, half wearily, ' T em a long way from the grand purpose I haid in view. Thh-r"r is nothing heroic in being able to malce your hushanr laugh, in sympathisinp with a comic, I story, in helping to amuse him so that the time may pass 'mire qui.*kly.' ' Yes,' opposer! Sir Raoul, ' there is soIme thing her. ic in it.. It - is the tirst step. When you hzive thoroughly identified your. self with his amusements, you can begin to influence Ulric for better things. Try to rouse himn from his indolence, try to make hini care less fir amusements and teke gieater itetest in his duties. -Rouse his soul from its long deep, and the awakninif will soon fill.nw. T am quito certain that I his faults arn, rather those of training and I education than of nature.' . It .was nosy to counsel all this, but, how I was it to be none? Perhaps, if she begtiii what he would cull 'preaahiing ' to him, Ulric would griow angry and then hot, bitter words might fallow. Her undertaking wouli I require uihnite grace, infinite. tact-and that,, she said to herself, it ehoulrl have. The evening of that same day was a. lovely one, fine, wvrrin, and brilliant ; the sun seemed unwilling to set, the flowers un willing to sleep.- It was so warm and beautiful that the whole party of guests declared it was almost treason t") remain indoors. Hildrrd looked up with laughing eyes at her husband. ' You are going to sentimentalise among the flowers, Lord Osriven, I suppose ?. I hope you will choose a pleasant companion.' It was not in human nature-at least in man's nature-to resist the fire of those dark eyes. - ' Will you accompany me,' he replied. ' I shall be sure t.h n of a nice companion.' Is there any one whom you would like better 7' she asked coquettishly. 'Nu-on my honor there is not,' said the Earl hastily ; 'you arn the most amusing{ companion [ can tind her *.' I '1 am grateful for snuall f.iveiurs,' replied Hildred. So they walkeri together through the loing winding paiths. He did not otfer her his, arm, nor diri she seem to notice it. They laugh d,. talked, jested, hut between them there was noun of the familiarity which t should he between husband and wife. Once r her dress caught amongst the tangled brancheai of a rose-tree that had overgrown its limits, and the Eitrl stooped down to remove it. His wife drew herself quickly. away-ia quickly that the *jewels she wore seemed to quiver in the light. Her face flushed hotly. The Earl Inoked at her in comic oarprise. V What are you blushing for, Hildrerl 7 F Whitt is the matter 7 W hat have I done 7' ' Nothing,' she replied briefly. ' Those paths are so very awkward.' 'Then we will go into the broader ,ones. But, Hildred, pray do nout waste all that lovely coloui in a blush for nothing,; I know people who would give a small fortune fur such a bloom.' 'They are welcome to it, said the young Countess. . * I do not say so. Upon my word it i& a revelation. I did not think that in these degenerate days any one could blush after. that fashion.' She was half inclined to he angry the remembrance of Sir Ranul's words ;alohin checked her. She must. le inore patient, she told' herself; yet more rigi.ily she must cnntrol her own nature, with its hot r-bael. lions, its sudden risings of aner. The flush faded from hir face-shie turniad to himn with' a smile. ' T ought to he gratifi-d that you value moy blushes so highly,' she sail ; and she saw that he was pleased. More than ine strange thought camne to her as she walk.d by his side. 1_lowA strange it was, this lLw of Providence and of unture, that men should be superior, that women must watch their faces, husnourtheir tomnpera, pave the way, as it were, for themi through life, yet always be accounted as inferior I Why was it, she wond. red, that the faults of mon-even of boys -=were generally cx cuseel on account of their sex 7 ', Men will be men, boys will he huays,' sierned to be a univers I argument. Why should she walk by this man's side, studying his humours and fancies, watching his face to see that it did not cloud over, using heir hricht wit and brilliant fancy to amuse him 7 Only because she was a woman. She was his wife; there fore she had to win him. ' What are you thinking abnut so intently, Hildred 7' asked Lord Caraven. She looked up at him brightly. ' Iwill till yiu. I was thinking ibout you. Yriu have a *keen eye for all nat uri I beauties, Lord Garaveun-a mimI that.; if it wore not obscurel by iridolence, would be artistic.' ' v Re glance1 at. her' n! -in, sniinethinig of r, miusemei ot str igling with' impatience. , O cureel hy ini'lletme, fHi;. rel 7 That *Is a strong exprus'.iume.' ' It is strong, but it is true. Soe how y -ti Sadmire this susat scene,; titer,, i,+ not, (ne of its heautiful details which escnpes you- the I colour of the skies, th. hue of the flowers, the glinemering sunlight us it falls over the trees. I will tell you of a sight more beau. tiful still- that is sunrise. Why,, do you never see that?' ' gee the sun rieA I' h'. cried. 'I have never even thought' of such a thing for years.' ' Suppose you do so hoiw,' she su.gg stud. * I always think the fairest, fresbest, sweet est hours of.tho day are the early inorning hours; you who seldom rise until 'noun can hardly image what they are like.* He looked surprised. * I challenge you to do it,' she laughed. '*I ncept the challenge,' he replied; 'you shall see that I aiim capable of making an effort when I cho Ase.' o She thought that was enough for orce, and she waited with some curiosity to see the results of her endeavours. He was down the next morning when she took her seat at the breakfast table. I have made the off rt,' he said. Did it cost you much 7' I felt as thoigh night were turned into day, or something of that kind. Seriously, Hildred, I thank you finsnealling my atten tion to the fact that t waste hours every morning in perf ct idleness. I mean to cure myself of the habit.' It was another victory, but a smell one. Yet, as she said to herself, all these, small as they were, would gradually amount to one worth winning in tine. (7n he nontinued.)t ParNmo end Published by the Propriotor Hlaneav Geons SKsLTON, and TnEOPHILUS Cox, at their Steam Printing Works, Monaro~street Queanteyan, New South Wslepy 