WALLSEND. COMPLIMENTARY CONCERT. The complimentary concert tendered by the citizens of Wallsend and Plattsburg to Mr. R. F. Craig on Tuesday evening proved a great suc cess, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather. As an evidence of the popularity of Mr. Craig it may be mentioned that although a number of those who were taking part in the concert had to come from a distance there was only one absentee, and the concert from a musical point of view was one of the best that has been held in Wallsend for some time past. The Mayor of Platteburg com menced the proceedings by apologizing for the absence of the Mayor of Wallsend, whose council meeting was being held that evening. He ex pressed regret that the weather should have turned out so unfavourable, and said that they were all aware that the object for which the concert; was being held was to in some slight degree recognise the many valuable services rendered by Mr. R. F. Craig as a citizen during a long residence amongst them. It was not necessary to particularise those services, suffice it to say that Mr. Craig had proved himself a live citizen. The overture, "Danclas," by Misses Groves and Sheldon (violin and piano), was an ex cellent rendition and the young ladies well deserved the applause tendered. Mr. A. G. Walker favoured with "The Young Brigade," an excellent item and well rendered; Mr. H. Champion, from minmi, followed with " My Queen," and in the second part gave the descriptive song "Wives," and was deservedly applauded for both items. Mrs. H. Jones (EBs Rhydyfro), from Stockton, electrified the audience by her rendition of "Tho Bonnie Banks of Olyde," and was compelled torespond to an enthusiastic encore. Messrs. Champion and Cork sang the duet, "The moon hath raised her lamp," the voices blending well to gether. Miss Nellie Parkes, from Wickham, gave by special request that beautiful song "Far Away," for which on encore was demanded, when the young lady favoured with "The Gift," another excellent item, and "Jerusalem." Mr. W. Channon, from Hamilton, sang "Only Once More" and "Star of Bethlehom," both excellent items and well rendered. while Mrs. T. Firkin, our local favourite, gave '"Let me dream again" in her usual finished manner. Mr. A. E. Payne, from Newcastle, made his first appearance in Wallsend and sang "The Pilgrim Fathers" and " Rocked in the Oradle of the Deep." Mr. Payne is the possessor of a full baritone voice, and will, no doubt, be heard to advantage at an early date. Miss Lena Bell, from Lambton, so ceived a splendid reception for her rendition of "Almond Rock," and in response to an encore the little mite gave a recitation "Little Willie," aud was heard to great advantage. In the second part the little maiden rendered "'The Old Kent Road." Mr. William Cork was in excellent voice, and his Srendition of "True to the Lasut " was deservedly applauded. Mr. John Morgan favoured with "The Vikings," and, it is needless to say, the item was well received. The chairman intimated that this would probably be Mr. Morgan's last appearance in Walleenud for some time, as the young gentle man was going to West Australia. Mr. D. Watson gave a Scotch recita tion, "Watty and Meg," which was well received; and Mr. Jacob Dent, after an absence of some seven years from the stage, once more made his appearance, and proved that he had in no way lost any of his talent, as he fairly convulsed the audience with his comic- song "The Ghost," and "Parody on the Men of Harlech," and in both instances had to respond to an encore. M]asters Streatfiold and Scott's rendering of the violin duet "Silver threads amongst the gold" was deservedly applauded, and Messrs. Proudlock and Casely were successful with an "Irish Jig," in good step and time. The Mayor of Wallsend, in a few well-chosen remarks, proposed a cordial vote of thanks to all those who had so kindly come forward to take part in an entertainmont in recognition of the services. rendered by an esteemed ,itizon. Alderman O. G. Steel seconded tke vote, which was carried with acclamaeion. 