AT FAULT. I BY j EAWLEY SMART. A.UTHOB OP ' tiiKGTON,' « Bbocbk Boniw,' 11 Social Sinwebs,' 'The Great TOKTIKE,' ETO. CHAPTER XIII. (Continued)— MR HV-tTERDELL'6 EXCITEMENT. Vow there was oae singular fact about ail this easily accounted for & yon beat in mind Mr Tottcrdell's prevailing characteristics, Insatiable cariosity c:-mbincd,reuierabcr, wi*h incalculable vanity, prompting him t*j obtain notoriety iat all hazards. rbe result was that, freely as he talked -£ having met him in front of the house^ bc Vv&b; perfectly mute about having comq, Across Mr Foxborough behind the 'scenes. He could, be thought, give all the information concerning the stranger the. police could possibly require, And wan jealous that anyone else should intrude: themselves on hie platform. He proposed to pose as the main witness in tbe great Bunbury murder case— a mere matter uf notoriety 1 Quite so, but men have risked their lives for nothing else lime out of mind, notably in the year of grace 18B2 concerning crossing the Channel in balloonB. When Dr. Inglcby, having returned from Buaburv, got out to Dyke, lie found that he ^as most decidedly wanted. His old friend, Mrs Fossdyke, was perfectly stunned 1?y the news, and past anything but talking one wild wail of remoree for What she was pleased to term her late unwifcly behaviour. She reproached herself bitterly about her last quarrel with her husband, and wept piteously over tome misty idea that she bad in Home sort contributed to the catastrophe. But what «4id surprise Dr. Inglcby was the excessive prostration of Miss Hyde. The girl straggled bravely against it, but her unutterable woe was as unmistakable as it w*b difficult to account for. Granted she had lost a very dear friend, elill it was bard to understand a tolerably self-contained young lady like Miss Hyde being so com pletely upset by it. She did her best — she struggled hard to console and comfort poor Mrs Fossdyke, but Dr. Inglcby was fain to confess that she seemed more in need of comforting herself. A ease this in which there was little to bc done for cither suf ferer. Words of consloation at such times seem commonplace, and medical aid is superfluous. Bat the next day Dr. Inglcby was astoni shed by the apparition of Sergeant Silas Usher in his 6Uigcry — that he entered unan nounced it is almost unnecessary to say. Silas Usher usually turned up without any official announcement. He bad a way of appearing at people's sides in a stealth ghost- like fashion, positively appaling, aud his very name caused terror to the tip- top professors of the art of burglary. It was related how ooe of the great artists in that line had been utterly paralysed in his last exploit by having whispered into his cars as he was clearing out a countess' jewel box and greedily gloating over a diamond bracelet— ' Very pretty, Bill Simmonds ain't it ? but it won't tit you anything like these',' and before the astonished jobber could collect his faculties the handcuffs snapped round his wrists, and' bis retirement from a world he had for some time adorned was an accom plished fact. 44 1 have just run down, sir, to make a few enquiries in Baumborough, and you're the man 1 want in the first instance. 1 don't want to intrude on the family at Dyke, of coarse, bat it is essential I should get answers from them to these two questions : Did they ever know a Mr Foxborough, o~ hear of him ? and did the}* ever Bee cQjB Mr Fossdyke's possession ?' fecrgeant Usher produced the fatal Ve&pon; which had been found in John ^tMsiykc'6 breast. A slight shivcf through Dr. Ingleby's frame, not it the eight of the weapon, for his medical training had steeled hie nerves to all that sort of thing, but he did think ii wuuld be a gruesome task to show that ghastly toy to the mourners at Dyke. 44 Now don't you run away, doctor, with the idea that I'm a man of no feeling,' ex claimed the sergeant, who saw at a glance what was passing through Dr. lngleby'6 mind. 14 Nobody understands the suscepti bilities more than I do, and, bless von, no body humors them more. Now these are important question and answers to 'cm quite invaluable. But, of course, you'll introduce this,' he continued, tapping the dagger 'as a paper knife found in a half cut novel which Mr Foxborough left inadvertently behind him. It is to spare all unpleasantness I come to you. Introduce me as what seems best to yourself, but you shall make the enquiries. I only want to bc present when tbey arc made, but I think you had beeL admit at once I'm a police agent. As I told you before, I'm in charge of this murder, and It's a matter of professional pride to bring it home to some one.' 11 You seem pretty indifferent whom you hane,' rejoinedtDr. Ingleby sharply. 'Nothing of the kind, sir,' replied Sergeant Gsher, ' but it is a sort of reproach to my professional reputation not to pick up tbe perpetrator of a big crime like this. More especially because it seems so simple. Who but Mr Foxborough could have com mitted this murder. 1 told yoa, sir, I am candid myself on principle, but we most have the links in the chain complete, and that is the reason I am compelled to disturb the ladies at Dyke, almost in the first agonies o£ their grief.' ' To-morrow, I might, Sergeant Uahcr, but as the medical adviser of the family, I emphatically sav Mrs Fossdyke and Miss Hyde are too thoroughly crushed by this Wow for you to seem them to-day. 'There are probably one or two more points you would like to question them over, and on the whole you will benefit by the delay.' Silas Usher mused for a Utile, and then said, ' Well, it may bc so. 1, of course, am very anxious to know what induced Mr Fossdyke to go over to Bunbury. We know Foxborough came here on Monday night. He probably met the deceased and asked him to dine, which, from motives we have as yet no clue to, Mr Fossdyke accepted; but from the witnesses at the Hopbine, it docs not appear to have been simply a dinner between two old friends. If the invitation was given verbally it is very likely that someone heard it given. At all events there mnst be people in Baumborough who noticed this stranger. If, which may be possible, the man wrote, there's a chance that the ladies at Dyke know sometbiug about it, and that the letter is. not as yet destroyed. You sec, Doctor, if you can get hold of a man's handwriting, and this Foxborough was un doubtedly an educated man, or if you can get hold of an accurate description of him, you are pretty much upon his track.' 'All of which makes it quite clear to me that you won't altogether waste a day in Baumborough, Sergeant Usher. At* all events I'll not sanction you going out to Dyke to-day.' '? It may be your're right, sir,' rejoined the detective. ' Anyhow, it 6ecms I have got to pass the day here, and therefore I must just make the best of i(. I'll cali in to-morrow, Doctor, to sue what you can do for me. Good morning.' That Sergeant 'Tuber went a1-oul seekiug information would not at all describe that worthy's proceedings, he simply paraded the town, he had something lo say to everyone, and it was highly creditable to hi* versa tility and universal knowledge that the people with whom be conversed dilF-:red largely about the little grey man's calling. The ostler at the King's Arms, where Mr Usher was located, had no doubt whatever that he was somehow connected with horses. At the principal stationers they put him down as having something to do with theatricals, while other people differed as to whether it was corn or cattle the little gentleman at the King's Arms had come to buy. But that, in the course of three or four hours' gossiping with everybody lie came across, Sergeant Tsher had arrived at the fact that Mr Foxborough had sat next Mr TottcTdell in the stalls upon the opening night of the theatre, and that nobody in Baumborough knew so much about the whole affair as that gentleman may easily bc conceivcd. Clearly Mr Tottcrdell was the man the Sergeant wanted, and to ascertain where Mr Tottcrdell lived, was, of course, easy. Who he was, had been fully explained also— his connection with Mrs Fossdyke, his quarrel with her husband, etc. All M»;h local gossip is easily picked up In au incre dibly Bhon. titue in a country town 'by such a practised hand as b'argeant U6her ; and farther, the detective had got a very fair inkling of what manner of man Mr Tottcr dell was. The fussy town councillor dwelt in a prim looking house standing in an equally prim looking garden, situated in the oatekirts of the town, and thither towards the afternoon 1 Sergeant Usher made way. He was in exceeding £0o«J t&w;&fr; with himself, for he considetedTie il&d; done a very fur morn inq%^crd, although moat of his informants Ifkd ueen fain to admit they had not noticed Ihe stranger themselves ; while even those that professed to have remarked him were so vague and vacillating in their description that the shrewd Sergeant Usher speedily came to the conclusion that ' they thought they'd seen him,' was about what their testimony really amounted to, batlhey ^verc all clear and confident thtit Mr Tottcrdell had conVcreod with the stronger, and could describe hSs -peifedial appearance, manner, 'etc.i indeed \t Wis no who had been asked to ptfmt'bVt lix Fossdyke by this Mr Fox boJroYigh. Mr Tottcrdell was at home, and the Sergeant was at once shown into his presence. ' Mr Silas Usher,' he repeated, reading the name written on an envelope, which had been sent into him. ' May I ftsk what your business is with meT 4 1 thought nip/ybc, sir, the name might have told yott. Silas Usher is pretty well known at Scotland Yard, and you might have come across the name in biggish murder cascB be fore now.' '?Of course, of course,' exclaimed Mr Tottcrdell, wriggling in his chair, after his custom when cxcitcd about anything. 'Pray sit down, Mr Usher.' He had been turning over in his mind with whom he was to disburden himself of the mighty- secret hidden in his breast, and here was the YeVy man he wanted come to his doot. ' 1 have every reason to believe, Mr Tottcrdell, that you can give nc 6omc very important information, and as this murder is put in my charge I coine to learn all you have to tell me concerning iu' 44 And you couldn't have i:0mc to anyone in Baumborough ttho can tell you half 60 much about il. 1 was an intimate friend of the poor fellow that's gone, you know, god father to his wife and all that sort of thing, and though he behaved very badly and un gratefully to me at lAn, 1 bore him no malice.'' What poor John Fossdyke had to bc grate ful about was not quite so clear. ' Dear me,' continued the old imj-0Bt0r, ' 1 little thought when 1 slaved so to get up the Baumborough Theatre that 1 was, so to speak, digging John Fossdyke's grave, but that was his fault ; he never was open with anyone. If lie had only been candid, Mr Usher ; if he had only been candid—' 'AliJ Mr Tottcrdell, then, he ncvei mentioned Foxborough's name to you ?' 'No, nor to anyone else, or 1 must have heard of it. 1 hear everything that goes on in Baumborough.' ' And j on actuallysat next this man in ihe theatre on Monday night,' interposed the Sergeant rather hurriedly, for he already saw that the newly-elected town councillor was not one of thoBc who narrate their 6tory briefly. i ' That was just what 1 was going to tell ; you,' rejoined Mr Tottcrdell. Ustily, 'only 1 you interrupted mc. Yes, 1 sat near the miscreant at the theatre; a darkcomplex ioned man, dressed in cveuing clothes, as unlike a murderer as could be,' and the old gentleman paused, and looked at the Sergeant as much as to say, ' What do you think of that Mr Usiier vouchsafed no opinion, his professional knowledge told him that men of all classcs had taken their fellows, lives 'Well,' continued Mr Totterdell, 'the villain was very affable. Said he was in the theatrical line himself. He asked who two or three people were, amongst others John Fossdyke.' ''Give any reason,' interposed the Sergeant, in a curt rat-trap sort of way that ina^Je the old gentleman start. ' he said he thought he had met him fiomewhsre, had been at school with him, perhaps, but he didn't seem to rccoguise the name at all. He thought I said MosBdykc, and when I repeated Fossdyke, asked mc to spell it, which I did. Then he asked me if Mies Hyde wa6 his daughter, and 1 told him no, that 6hc was one of our great mysteries, that no one knew exactly who she was. We don't, you know ; it's very curious, that, Mr Usher. Baumborough cannot get at who she is exactly.' 'And, of course, sir, you had no idea of what this stranger's name was ?' ' Well, I had and I hadn't. It so happens I am in possession of a singular piece of evidence, which, though it told nothing then, is valuable now, as it tells yon where to find James Foxborough.' ' James !' exclaimed the Sergeant.' You've got at his Christian name then. Mr Totter dell ?' ' Yes,' exclaimed the old gentleman, with an asthmatic chuckle, as he got out of his chair, and went across to the writing table. ' When,' he continued, as he opened a drawer, 41 the stranger got up to leave he pulled a silk mulTler out of his pockct to put round his throat, and as he did so he dropped this.' and Mr Tottcrdell held up the music hall bill he had picked up in the theatre. Look at it,' ' Seringa Music Hall ! Yes, I know the place well ; but anyone might go there : this don't tell U6 much. Ha! Lessee, Mr James Foxborough. Yes, stupid of me not to re member it before. I know all about it now. W if o, handsome womau, 6ings rather well. I don't think 1 ever saw Foxborough. Can't have done. I never forget anyone I've once s?en. You can keep that, Mr Totterdell, it's a valuable clue, but excuse my observing It's no evidence. It is open to anyone to have a Syringa bill in his coat pocket.' The old gentleman gasped with indigna tion. He ha 1 held that bill to be a most damning piece of testimony. '\ou see,' continued the Sergeant, who saw what was passing through Mr Tottcr dell 6 mind. ?? beyond that it recalled to my mind that James Foxborough is lessee of the Syringa, & fact some of our people in town are sure to have remembered, that bill tolls U6 nothing. I've no doubt a man calling himself Foxborough sat next you in the stalls on Monday night, and when we appre hend James Foxborough you will know at a glancc whether that's the' man.' ' Undoubtedly,' returned Mr Totterdell, somewhat reviviug as ii dawned upon him that after aii he was destined to play tbe role ot & leading witness. '* Well, sir, 1 don't think I need trespass any longer on your valuable lime. I'm a candid man myself, Mr Totterdell, and I have no doubt that— thanks to the valuable cluc you liave placed in my hands— wc shall soon know all about James Foxborough, and whore to tind him when we want him. Good day, nr.' '? If his time is valuable he loses a mint of money per annum.' muttered Sergeant Usher, as he walked away, ?» Such a long winded old chump at tolling a story one don t often 6ce. thank goodness. Now, if this is James Foxborough of the Syringa, what on earth could be his quarrel with Mr Fosslykc ? That is a thing has to be got at in some sort. Secondly, it all looks too plain sailing. Men don't take rooms at hotels in the country in their own names, a6k their enemy to dinner, murder him, and return quietly to town by the iirst train in tbe morning ; and yet that's what this comcs to. No ; it looks so simple that I'd bet it turns out a complicated case. 1 suppose I'd b^st go out to Dyke to-morrow if ihe Doctor will IcL me. and ask the ladies two or three j rjULStions. though 1 don't suppose much will j come of it.' j The next morning Sergeant Usher wended | his way to Dr. Ingleby 's, to learn if it were , possible for him to ask those two or three «|ueKtioQf, of Mrs Fossdyke and Miss Hyde 1 hat hw was so anxious to put. ?? i iiavc been out to 6ee thorn already, and have arranged that, painful though it be. it 6hall be done. But I must manage this business in my own way. The inter view muBt be as brief as you can possibly make it. The questions will have to be put by me. and I have guaranteed you shall not open your lips, although you arc to bc pre sent. They understand who you are and tbey are answering my questions for 'your benefit At first Sergeant Usher looked somewhat disappointed, then, brightening up a bit, said, ' Jt won't take five minutes. Doctor. There aTc only three questions, but 1 want as distinct answers to them as possible, please. 1 had better write them down,' ' Do, while 1 order the trap. There are writing things.' A few minutes later and Dr. Ingleby and the Sergeant were driving towards Drkc. On their arrival they were at once shown into th»* drawing-room, were the two ladies were waiting lo receive them. Th-y welcomed Dr. luglebv with a faint smile, and acknow ledged Sergeant Usher's bow with a slight bcBl of the head. u My dear Mrs Fossdyke, wc shan't wor ry you for more than a few minutes, bat in the interest of justice I am' going io ask you ihree questions. First, did you ever see ibis fanciful toy before, and *he exhibited tbe weapon that had bereft John Fossdvke of his life. A' decided negative from both ladies. - , 'Secondly, did your husband to your know- ] ledge knowanythingrfa Mr Foxborough ; 41 1 never heard of such a person,*' replied Mrs Foxboroagh, briefly. u 1 never knew a Mr Foxborough,' faltered Miss Hyde, with visible emotion* 41 Lastly, are yon aware frh&t; ipdnoed vonr husband t6 gd o^cir to Bunbury on ''tleitamly,1' replied Mrs Fossdyke, 'he went in oonscquence of a letter which he received by the morning post, and by which he was evidently mnch put out. We both noticed it, Bessie, did we not ?' Miss Hyde bent her head in token of ! assent. ' So mnch so,' continued Mrs Fossdyke. 14 that I asked him if he was ill) and after wards urged btm not tti fctay the night at Bnnbfly, bttt come home to dinner. Oh, vrby, why did he not follow my advice/' and the good lady's tears flowed afresh.' 41 There, there, my dear friend,' said the Doctor soothingly, 41 we need trouble you no more. Good-bye for the present— good- bye, Miss Hyde. I shall be up again in the | evening.' Sergeant Usher had already glided noise- i lessly out of the room in accordanoe with I his covenant. ' Well,' said the Doctor, as he joined him in the hall, 44 1 trust yon have learnt all you want to know.' 'Not -quite,' rejoined Sergeant Usher. ' I want to know when Miss Hyde heard of i Mr Foxboroagh t' ' Why, 6he said she never had.' 41 ExcaBe mc, she said she had never Been him, aud I bclicVc her ; bttt ffom the way she said It I haVc a eVtong idea 8he*6 heard of him,' , . . T* That idea never would have entered my head.' ' 1 daresay not, Doctor. You're not ac customed to weigh people's words as 1 am,' replied Sergeant Usher, as they got into the trap. ' Were you satisfied with the result of your questions ? ' asked Doctor Inglcby, after a few moments, during which his companion seomed plunged in a brown st udy. ' I'd give a hundred pounds for that letter,' quoth Sergeant Usher, moodily. CHAPTEB XIV,— CLUB GOSSIP, Herbert Morant, with his things nearly packcd, including that valuable clock with an alarum, |is casting a curious eye round his room to make sore that nothing is forgotten, when there is a tap at the door followed by the entrance of Mrs Marriott with a telegram. It was from Phil Soamcs and ran as follows, 41 Sorry to put you off but Cannot reccivc you at present, particulars by post;' Mr Morant read the telegram , Attentively, and then observed in & moralising mode, *' This is in accordance with the ordering of things by a perverse providence. No sooner do 1 plant the ladder that tends to fortune and turn to collect my effects than tbe malignant fairy whose glass the butler neglected to till on the occasion of the festival . of my christening cuts up rough and kicks it down. Phil Soames,' continued the ever sanguine Morant, 14 told me the ball was at my foot ; they alwa\6 do tell yon that, but what's tnc good when you're not good at the game I and don't understand a drop kick. But old I Phil, I know him so well, he'd have kicked off the ball, and I should have had nothing j to do hot run after it. Well, there's nothing j for it but to wait tbe arrival of the post, and | in the meantime man must dine, and, in the ; case of a fellow holding my ' high resolve,' improve his mind afierwards, but whether that shall bedone by tbe pursuit of whist, billiards or dramatic representation accident must determine.' The next morning brought Mr Morant a letter from Soamcs. It was as follows : — 44 Deab Hebbebt, — I am sorry to pat you off, but the sad tragedy that has befallen Baumborough must be my excast. It has cast a temporary gloO^i over the whole town, and many of us who knew and loved John Fossdyke feel it deeply. I have known him for the last fourteen years, from a boy in short. He was a great friend of all my family, and we were inexpressibly grieved when tbe news came of his sad fate. As soon as wc have a little got over the shock you must come as arranged. For the present adieu. ' Ever yours, ' Phillip Soames,' ' P.S.— The papers will give you all the details of the Bunbory m order, and spare me the pain of relating them.' To say that Mr Morant sat up in his bed after reading this epistle would faintly characterise that young gentleman's move ments. He bounccd ont of bed and dashed into the sitting room in search of the morning paper. A great murder alwajs excrcise6 a curious fascination upon the public, and that fascination is increased when we are connected, however faintly, with the crime. Mr Morant's intimate friend on this occasion had bsen an intimate friend of the murdered man. But Herbert Morant it destined to find himself more intimately conncctod with the orime than that. ; another minute and the columns of the Standard will disclose to him that the supposed murderer is the father of the girl he wishes to many, Morant tore the paper open, glanccd his eye rapidly over its pages, and for a little failed to discover what he sought. 4-Ha!a here it Is,' he cxcl&ixned;, as ?« Mysterious Murder at Bunbury ' met his gaze, and he proceeded to peruse the acconnt with no little interest. The morder had taken place on the Tuesday night presu mably, though it was not till Wednesday afternoon that it had been discovered. It was now Friday morning, ho the papers by this bad obtained very detailed accounts of the crime, and the writer for the Standard had told his story in very dramatic fashion. But when after reading all the pre liminaries, with which we are already acquainted, Morant came to this pithy line, ♦'On the Tuesday the friend of No 11 appeared in the person of John Fossdyke, a gentleman well-known in Bunbury, and asked for Mr Foxl)orough,' he dropfwd the paper with a cry of horror ; then he took heart. Foxborough might not be a common name, but there were doubtless more Foxboronghs than one in the world. He niclrAd «n the paper and read on; ihe particular of the murder were told clearly and faithfully ; but the last paragraph bore a later date than tbe remainder of the report, and had evidently been transmitted by telegraph. 41 1 have just heard that evidence has been discovered this day in Baumborough which would appear to indicate that Mr James Foxborough, the well-known lessee of the Syringa Music Hall, is the Mr Foxborough who was slaying at the Hopbine.' Once more he dropped the paper, and remained staring into vacaocv. Was it possible that the man he knew, Kid's father, could have risen in the night and deliberately slain his guest ? It was too horrible. A more deliberate murder apparently had never been committed, and whatever the motive might have been it was as vet unfathomable. Not the slightest suggestion was made by the correspondent of the paper as to the cause of the crime, and the more htXchought of it tbe more bewildered Herbert- Morant became. | He read that account over and over again in | the intervals of dressing ; the gha6tly 6tory had a weird fascination for him. He felt already growing upon him that morbid feel ing which makes all other things seem tamo in comparison with the solution of a mystery of this kind. There arc always a'smail proportion of imaginative people who are held spell-bound by the contemplation of a great crime. For (he time being tbey think of nothing else, they read all the* papers for fear the slightest detail should escape them, they build ingenious theoticsconcem ing the affair with more or less cleverness in proportion to their reasoning capabilities, and the proportion of educated piople who understand what is actually evidence is sur prisingly small. His breakfast finished, Herbert Morant wi*m down to his club. He wanted to see what the other papers might have to say about it ; to hear what mankind were saying about this Bunbury murder. The papers varied little in their accounts, some of course were rather more meagre than others, but the leading journals were all pretty much in accordance with the story be had tirst read. With humanity it was different. Not only had men much to say and said it, but they improvised knowledge and enume rated theories which made poor Herbert stand aghast. 'God Lord, 6ir, there's not mnch to be astonished nt,' said old Sir Cranbnry Pye, u wicked old man who had been about town for half a century or thereabouts. ''Know all about that fellow Foxborough, real name Ikcy Solomon, begun life in the prize ring, in the last days of that noble institution, clever light- weight, but couldn't bc trusted, more often on the cross than tbe square. When that pillar of the constitution, the P. B., came to an end, lkey started a silver hell at the Eatt-end, got on and went round the races, Brighton; Doncaster, you know, a Ilttifi chicken XdC|'£s well Msjradpfi£&£n for supper; found 'that game «thBr)8f ying up »oswent.intp the music haU jlnel and started the Syringa. *Good littlfiv^upUtey, don't know whether he fellow, not proved yet ;jvny&ow;£}}ot dqn't ettppota £&ey; would stick at murder as a matter of business, any more than he would at crossing a fight or qnfefiring a flat.' .The whole of which farrago was listened to and accepted by some of the younger members ot 41 the Theatinfe' with much reverenofe and interest, Sir Cranbnry having.no more knowledge of James Foxborough than he had ot the Emperor of China. ' Never read a more conclusive case -In my life,' granted old Major Borrobosh; V poor fellow didn't wpnt wptch or jnbney, ok course'. Papers of some kind j .deeds very likely. What did they qaarrel about? Something of that sort, of course-^his fellow Fossdyke, yoa sec, woaldn* glve^em up. Foxborough goes at night to stcal^m, meanB having 'em somehow — ^ Ihe prober fellow wakes. Foxborough gives hlm^a dig in the ribs with his dagger, bones the papers, locks the door, and dopes next morning. Plain as a pikestaff. What say, bey? Premeditated, hey? No, no} not premeditated u Look here, yon fellows needn't go bellow ing it about, you know,'s&id; Lacquere, 'but 1 heard all about it from a fellow who has got a friend who corresponds with a chap down at Baumborough. The fellow Fox boroagh had a daughter who went as nursery governess to John Fossdyke. Fossdyke brought her to grief, and her father killed rfds&dyke; ddt df trevenge; That's the real titofcy of the affair.' Pleabant all this for poor Herbert Morant, whose chivalrous disposition led him strongly to stand up for his new friends, but he hadn't knocked about London the last half dozen years without acquiring some know ledge of the world, and that warned him the confronting of clnb gossip was like tilting at windmills in these days. Even in the old duelling days, and credited with wielding a deadly pistol, to curb the tongues of one ot our monachal caravansaries was hopeless. To attempt it in these times would bc ridioulous. Then the young man could bnt acknowledge to himself that he knew next to nothing of Foxborough. Of Mre Foxborough and Nid, yes, that was different ; but Herbert was aware that consummate scoundrels before now had been blessed with charming feminine belong ings. He felt very miserable as he walked out of tbe ThcatinG ; true, ' he believed very little of all these rumors he had heard, but there was no getting away from the fact that James Foxborough stood in eminent danger of being charged with mdrder, and, guilty or hot guilty, that mast occasion in finite agtiny to the girl he loved and her mother, and Herbert was very fond of Mrs Foxborough, as well as .Nid, although not quite in the same proportion. At last it occurred to Herbert he would walk out to Tapton Cottage and enquire after its inmates —if possible, see them. It would show, at all cvcnt«, both his sympathy and disbelief io the charge, and having come to this reso lution he stepped out manfully, and without farther vacillation, in the direction of Regent's Park. That the papers should so soon have got at the connection between James Foxborough and the Syringa waB due chiefly to Mr Tottcrdell. * That garrulous old gentleman having once parted with his hardly kept secrct thought it was as well to derive as much enjoyment as possible from it, and to that end confidentially showed the mu6ic hall bill and confided tbe storv of how he came by it to every frlendor acquaintance he came across. To Mr Totterdell Baumborough owed the knowledge that the eminent Sergeant Usher had 6pent a day in their midst, and according to Mr Tottcrdell the Sergeant had admitted that but for his assistance he would not yet have been on the track of the murderer. As he neared Tapton Cottage Herbert Morant's feet imperceptibly lagged. It was not that he faltered for one moment in his paxpose, he longed to express his utter dis 1 belief in Mr Foxboroagh being capable of 1 tbe atrocious crime ascribed to him ; but what was he to say to these stricken women. Words are so weak and come so unreadily to our lips on these occasions of bitter sorrow, especially, perhaps, to men. How ever, if his pace had slackened, Morant had still held steadily on, and consequently was now within a few yards of the cottage. Suddenly his eye fell meohanioally upon a shabbily dressed man who was lounging slowly along on the other side ot the road at a pace that implied, at all events, time was no object to him. Morant took little notice of him; the man had merely attracted his gaze, not caagbt bis attention, and all strollers, or as the French would term it flaneur*, know what that ' distinction is. With a nervons hand MoJrant knocked, and the answering damsel he noticed was not tbe parlor maid who usually officiated in that respect. She was a servant he knew though, well enough, being Mrs Foxborough's own maid, and in answer to his enquiry she re plied that her mistress was at home, but saw no one. The girl's face was grave enough, and she seemed to think there was no moro to bcs&id.; [To be Continued Next Wednesday.] 