THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. Address by Cardinal Moran, — An interesting address wa9 delivered by His Eminouco Cardinal Moran yesterday afternoon on tbe occasion of laying the memorial stone of a new echool connected with tho (yhtirnh nf Sr. EVanm nf Aasibi. PaddiDgton. Despite the unfavourable state of the weather there was a large attendance cf the public. After the atone had been laid and blessed those present retired to the church. His Eminence said ho proposed to sketch somo of the prominent foaiurcB of the Catholic Church, which through tho sncces- sor of St. Peter cow invited tho various heretical ccminunitics to raturn to tlio ono fold. He desired to present tho Church to their non-Catholic follow- citizons, not as she was travestied by tboso who assailed her, but as sbe really was, radiant with the light and comeli ness with which she had been endowed by tbeir biossed Lard. Too many of those out- Bide tho fold were the victims of prejudice. They had inherited an inseparable aversion to everything Catholic. Hatred oi the church had became a kind of socond nature to them, and it was time that theso vain prejudices were laid aside. At the closo of the 19th contury it was no less true than it bad beea in tne paer, that it was impoesioio to know the Catholic Church as sho was in reality without recognising her Divine mission and embracing tho hoavonly tenets which she proposed. The Church might be justly styled a school of Heavenly doctrine, a source and centra of socinl blessings, a sanctuary of piety, a home of worebip. But it was much more than all that. It was God's spiritual Kingdom upon earth. The ohurch was a now creation upoa earth, am- tained by Divine power, enlightened by tbe presence of tbe incarnate word and guided by the Holy Ghost, who abided in it. Thoso who were enrolled in her communion would be found to vary in tbeir opinions and in their actions us re garded everything except religion. They all professed the same Divine faith, were obedient to tho same spiritual authority, knelt at tbe same altar, embraced the same inspired Scripture, approached the eame sacraments and offered the sarao supremo worship of sacrifice to the Most High. The secret of all was that the unity of tbe church was not the work of men, but was a creation achieved by the infinite wis dom and power of God. Subsequently a subscription list was opened to defray the cost of the building, £71 10s being collected in the hall, the Cardinal subscribing 5es. 