THE DEEMING CASE HOW THE RAINHILL DISCOVERY WAS MADE. AN interesting account appears in the Argus relating how Mr. Lowe, then on the London staff of that journal, at pre- sent in Melbourne, discovered the bodies which Deeming buried at Rainhill, in 1891, before leaving for Melbourne with his new wife, Emily Mather. The dis- covery was the outcomes of a cable mes- sage from Melbourne to the London office telling it to have inquiry made about Williams, as Deeming was called previous to his arrest. This was in March 1893. Mr. Lowe was told off by Mr. Townend, the London manager, to take up the wild goose chase. So busy, indeed, were the autocrats of tbe metropolitan police and the detective department that they could not even see Mr. Lowe when he sent his name in by the German man servant. If Mr. Lowe desired any information he must be kind enough to forward his request by letter. This seemed a little discourteous on the part of Superintendent Shore and Super- intendent Anderson, but as the cab-horse skated back into the city Mr. Lowe de- voted himself to thinking. As a result of his cogitations the cab-horse was pulled on to his haunches in front of a red lamp, and he lost no time in explaining the position to an old acquaintance of his — the police official in charge. "I fancy this is what you want," said the officer, with a smile, as he spread the "information sheet" for that very day on the desk before him, and pointed to entry number 44, which contained a full description of Albert Williams, wanted for wife murder, at Melbourne, on Christ- mas Eve, 1891. The entry set forth that Williams spoke with a Lancashire accent, and stayed formerly at Rainhill. It was signed by Superintendent Shore. When Mr. Lowe returned to Scotland yard after a hurried visit to the Argus office in Fleet-Street, he had a letter from Mr. Townend to Superintendent Shore requesting information in his pocket, and he had the information himself up his sleeve. Warned by his previous experi- ence he omitted the formality of sending in his card, and running up a flight of stone steps and along a passage entered Superintendent Shore's private room and introduced himself in person. The super- intendent eyed him coldly, and read the letter asking for particulars as to the murder and for the address of "Mrs. Williams" in Liverpool. "I know nothing at all about it," said the superintendent in the measured tones of a man who had learnt by long experi- ence to be economical in administering his stock of veracity, "and moreover," he added with engaging frankness, "If I did know, I should not tell you." Mr. Lowe leaned across the table with a queer smile and looked straight into the superintendent's eyes. "As you know nothing about the matter," he said, "perhaps you will allow me to enlighten you. Albert Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on Christmas Eve. He formerly stayed at Rainhill. He speaks with a strong Lancashire accent, and there is a detailed description of him pub- lished as the 44th entry in to- day's infor- mation sheet. It is doubtless correct, for the memo. bears your own signature Superintendent Shore." The superintendent sprang to his feet. "The man who told you this shall be dismissed from the force," he hissed with an oath. After listening to some sarcasms from Superintendent Shore, Mr. Lowe went back to The Argus office, and learned that Rainhill was ten miles from Liver- pool. He started immediately by train. It has been snowing and blowing hard all night, with thunder and lightening, and hurtling squalls of hail and sleet. In the morning the storm bad almost blown itself out, but it was still piercingly cold, the air was thick and opaque, and the half-seen sky was leaden, so that the day suited well with the task in hand. It was fitting weather for following up the death-trail. The first person be inter- viewed at Rainhill was Hingham, the postman. As he walked down the street with old Higham, there appeared upon the scene young Higham, a stripling of 18, who assisted his father with the delivery of tbe mails. "Fevther," said the boy, speaking in the long, liquid Lancashire drawl, 'doant 'e molnd tbot theer Williams as coom'd to Rainbill last 'arvest toime. Mayhap 'e wur tba feller, 'Im's married Emmie Mather an' took 'er oft to Chaney?" "Ay, ay, sewerly," the old man responded. "I moiud 'im well, ma lad. 'E rented Dinham villa from Mrs Hayes, an' Ben Young cemented tha kitching floor fur 'im. Mr. Lowe gave an involuntarily ex- clamation of surprised delight. "When did you say he married her, my lad?" he said. "Last 'arvest toime," replied the lad, 'oop at tha choorch yonder. They wur married by passon 'isself, an' yo can see tha stiffkit if yo loike. But 'ere cooms Joe Pickering, 'e marrled Emmie Mather's sister, an' e' can tell you moor 'o Willums than me." Joe Pickering, a stalwart young car- penter, remembered Williams perfectly, and recollected doing the woodwork in the scullery at Dingham-villa when the cementing of the floors was being carried out by Ben Young. Moreover, he had lately seen a letter written to Mrs. Mather by Williams from Melbourne, Australia, in wbich Williams said that "dear Emily was quite happy, and in the best of health." The letter was dated some time in anuary. Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs. Pickering, were both at home when Mr. Lowe called and was shown into the neat little parlour, with its horse-hair sofa and arm-chair. Its cheap German prints on the walls, and its square table in the middle of the room, with a brass-bound family Bible lying mathematically in the centre. It was wonderful how readily Mrs. Mather talked. She had had the letting of Dlnham-villa, which belonged to Mrs. Hayes, and applicants to view the pro- perty had to come to her for the key. Mr. Williams wished to take the house, and when be came for the key he met Emily. He fell very much in love with Emily, and almost at once proposed marriage. The marriage came off in a very short time, and was celebrated by a dance in Dinham-villa in the kitchen, which had been newly cemented. Cer- tainly some of the neighbours had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but be was a free-handed, well- spoken man, and he had promised her a good home. They were very happy together, and Emily had written several letters home since they had left. Her last letter was dated from Colombo, but her hus- band had written from Melbourne. Next morning, the Argus, away on the other side of the globe, published an in- terview, three-quarters of a column long, with the mother of the hapless Lanca- shire girl whose remains had been dug up a few days before from the cemented grave in the house at Windsor. It was the first of a series of perhaps the most remarkable coups ever known in the history of Australian journalism. Backwards and forwards between Lon- don and Liverpool went the restless Mr. Lowe, collecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the tangled strands of inference, all the stray fibres of circumstantial and direct evi- dence, until he had made a rope that was strong enough to hang a man. And yet he was only at the commencement of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister or, more probably, the wife of Williams, who had visited him at Rain- hill with her four children, kept on in- truding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset his calculations. It was odd that, in spite of all his efforts, he could find no trace of her whereabouts. She and her four children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to be laid until they were avenged. A vague idea came to him, stayed with him, and finally possessed him. He hurried from London to Rainhill once more and hunted out Ben Young, the man who had cemented the floors in the kitchen and scullery in Dinham-villa under instructions from Williams. "Where did you get the cement from, Ben ?" was the first eager question. "It wur in the cooch 'ouse," said Ben. To the coach-house accordingly they went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels which had evidently contained cement. " Did you use all the cement out of the three barrels?" asked Mr. Lowe. "Naw," said Ben Young. "How much did you use then? For Heaven's sake, hurry up my good man. "Its a matter of life and death." Ben Young collected his thoughts de- liberately. " A laaid doon the stoof oot o' two o' they barls," he replied with irritating slowness. "A knaw nowt aboot this 'ere other wonn. It wur empty afoor a got tha job." Then a great light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain. "Where the missing barrel of cement is there I shall find, the missing woman also," said Mr. Lowe, half to himself, and darted off the submit his ideas to Sergeant Chipchase, the local constable, with whom he at once concluded an offensive and defensive alliance against the outside world. Sergeant Chipchase laid the facts before the district superintendent, an official named Kelly, and the digging then began in Dinham-villa under Mr. Lowe's direction, a digging the result of which most gruesomely verified the calculations which that far-sighted indi- vidual had worked out. And so it was that this Childe Roland to his Dark Tower came. Four sweating constables armed with pickaxes carried out this strange ex- humation. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they came upon the cement from the third barrel, and in the cement they came upon tbe bodies of a woman and four children. The woman and three of the children had their throats cut from ear to ear, and the fourth child had been strangled with a piece of clothes-llne. which was still around its neck. Mr Lowe had an unusually interesting cable message to send to The Argus in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which he received his first instructions he sent a complete report of the murders which he had been mainly instrumental in discovering, and withg which all England was ringing some hours later. When the story of the Rainhill mur- ders was published in The Argus alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning Albert Oliver Williams, alias Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on his way from Southern Cross in custody. If the Windsor charge broke down, the Rain- hill case would hang him safely enough. "Ah ! Mr. Lowe, glad to see you," said Superintendent Shore next day, stretch- ing out his hand cordially to his visitor. "Let me congratulate you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been done in England for many years."— Australasian. 