TIIF, DKMM IiN(J MURDKRS \ KM.I. v. HOW TIIKY WKIi!-: IMSCOVKIM'O A TIMM'l l>KTK(TI YK S'l'oi; Y. (Continued.) It. was wonderful how readily .Mrs. Mather talked. She had hud (he felting of I > i 1111:1111 \ i 11: l, whieh belonged to Mrs. Hayes, and applicants to view the property had to come to her lor the key. Mr. Williams wished t.<> take the house, and when he came for the key ho met I'huily. lie. tell very much in love, with I'miily, and almost, at oneo proposed marriage, The marriage came oil'in a very short time, anil was celebrated by a dance in Dinham-villa, in the kitchen, •which had been newly cemented. Certainly souk; of the neighbours had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but lie was a free- hand.'.d, well spoken man, and he had promised her a good home. They were very happy together, and 1'anily had written several letters home since they had left. Her last letter was dated from Colombo but her husband had written from Mel bourne, " Now, Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe, T want to ask you about your daughter.'' The old lady looked up at him sharp ly. " I want to know first.,'' she said, what you are driving at, and I will not say another word until you tell me." " .Mrs, Mather," said Mr. Lowe, " 1 have something very painful to .say to you. 1 am going to tell you now about two people, a man and a woman. The Juan I am positive is Albert ((liver Williams. The woman may bo your daughter, or it may be the woman who, I have ascertained, came to Kainhill to visit Williams as his .sister, but who, I have reason to believe, was his wife. Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on last Christmas five." Almost before he had finished speaking Mrs, Mather had fainted,and it was not without some diHicully that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. Pickering-together managed to revive her. Then he told her all that he knew, weaving the tangled .scraps of information together into as consistent a whole as possible. l»ut there were still some terrible caps to be tilled up. " Mind you, I do not believe that it is your daughter who has been murdered," said Mr. Lowe, arguing against his own convictions. 1 think it, is very probable that his real wife, who visited him here at I )inham-villa, followed him to Midbourne, and that when she made herself known to him there, and reproached him for his desertion, he took her life.'' It was a plausible hypothesis, and if was of priceless value just then, for it enabled Mrs. Mather to hope. Willi her hopes her strength revived, and unlocking an old-fashioned nini/v she took out all the letters written by Emily Mather since her marriage, and also portraits of both the bride and bridegroom. After a little persuasion, she handed the letters and portraits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to London and get them copied, receiving in return an assurance that they would be safely guarded and given back uninjured. " Now, you must tell no one. what I have told you," said Lowe, as he took his leave. ft is absolutely necessary that you-preserve the strictest secrecy.'' And the old lady, terrilieil and full of rague misgivings, pledged herself to silence. When Mr. Lowe took his seat in the up express for London he had good reason to congratulate himself upon his day's work. 1 fe had succeeded beyond his most sanguine anticipations, and he had made his position secure by closing the door completely against subsequent inquirers for information. Not only had he extracted a promise of silence from the one living individual capable of giving positive information about the murderer, but he had swept off all the letters and all the portraits as well — that is to say, all the documentary evidence and all the means of identification. After rilling the treasure- chamber he had locked the door and left with key in his pocket. the Next morning-, Tin Aiyus, away iv n the other side of the g'lobe, pub!i>Ie. a !in interview, three-quarters o l a coll.; i ii a long, with the mother of. 'In. hapless Lancashire girl whose vniaii, iia,i i HV11 dug up a. i'eyvjlLu*,- \ i r u m uu; eemositru, 'i;ravo in me h<>!>••: at Windsor. It- vuis the first of a series of perhaps the most remarkable <-<>II/I* ever known in the history of Australian Backwards and forwards between journalism. London and Liverpool went the restless Mr "Lowe, collecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the tangled strands of inference, all the stiay libres of circumstantial and direct evidence, until he had made a rope that was strong enough to hang a man. yet he was only at the commencement his task. It was strange how that other And of woman the sister or, more probably, the wife of Williams, who hail visited him at Kainhill with her four ch'hlren, kept on intruding' into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset his calculations. It was odd that, in spite of all his efforts, he could find no trace of her whereabouts. She and her four children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to be laid until they wen; avenged. As this last thought struck him Mr. Lowe lifted his hand to his forehead and found it wet. sheer excitement. He was sweating from A vague hiea came to him, stayed with him, and finally possessed iiim. lie hurried from London to Kainhill once more and hunted out lien Young, the man who had cemented the floors of the kitchen and scullery in hinliamvilia under instructions from Williams. " Where did you gel the cement from lion ?" was the first eager question. lien. " Jt will' in the cooeh 'ouse," snid To the coach-house accoi ilingly they went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels which had evidently j contained cement. ! " Did you use all the cement out of i the three barrels !" asked Mr. Lowe. j " Na\v," said lien Young. ; " How much did you use, then/ For ! Heaven's sake, hurry up my good man. It's a matter of life and death." lien Young collected his thoughts deliberately. " A laaid doon tha stoof oot o' two o' they bails," he replied, with irritating slowness. "A knaw nowt aboot this 'ere other wonn. Tt wur empty afoor a got tha job.'' '' Kmpiy before you got the job," echoed Mr. Lowe, with the rim; of a ! I j i - p s i a h p w t b h P sire!i;.;tlii t!i;ii lunvl V" 'I'llO village slowly from s Wt id soak;- Ill' roil v lei it in in his vdu'i'. " Then what 1 eenmo of ! he cement from ilasierer wagged hi* head j le to side, but never a | Mr. Lowe might, as well ; have asked him what had become o! the snows of yester war. Then a great, light ita-died in upon i he amateur detective's brain, illuminating all that was black a moment before, and silhouetting in ihi'S harpest. out.line.; objects whieh up to i hat moment had. been wrapped in darkness. When the line <>!'- battle-sbip shows In r niigiuy seaivli light every detail of the foi peuo boat stands revealed, painted in black disc of blinding white. '' WTwr •'/" a.--hiij horn upon a 1 <;/'<•» .•//. <'.•>' l!h rr I -''I,'// lilli! Ill' u: l • •ill'i ll-flKil <//•;.)," said Mr. Lowe, half to himself, and darted off to submii his ideas to Sergeant ('hipcliase. the local constable, with whom he at onec concluded an offensive and defensive alliance against the outside world. Sergeant Cliipehase laid the facts before the district superin - tciidenl, ail ollieial nam '1 'Kelly, and the digging then began in I>inham- villa under Mr. Lowe's direct ion, a digging the result of which most, griieseincly verified the calculations which that farsighted individual had worked out. And so it was that this Childe Roland to his 1 hirk Tower came. Lour sweating constables armed with pickaxes carried out this sttange exhumation. L'nder the stone lloor of the kitchen they came upon the. cement from the third barrel, ami in the cement they came upon the bodies of a woman and four children. The woman and three of the children had their throats cut from ear to ear, and the fourth child had been strangled with a piece of clothes-line, which was still round its neck. Mr. Lowe had all unusually interesting cable message to send to 7 />•• . I /•<//(* in Melbourne;thai ajternoon, and in just, a. week from the day on which he re ceived his lirst instructions lie sent a complete report of the murders which he had been mainly instrumental in discovering, and with which all England was ringing some hours later. When the story of the Kainhill murders was published in Th. Ar;/».< alone of all the, Melbourne papers next morning Albeit Oliver Williams, alias Frederick liailey Deeming, was already on his way from Southern Cross in custody. If the Windsor charge broke down, the Kainhill case would hang him safely enough. '•Alii Mr. Lowe, glad to see you," said Superintendent Shore next nay, stretching out his hand cordially to his visitor. " Let me congratulate you upon the smartest, piece- ot detective work that has been done in England for many years." •ru i: KM). 