A MODERN coiner of epigrams, just now " under a cloud," lias asserted as a general principlo.that Life imitates Art far more than Art imitates - Life. The essay in which these words occur, though conceived throughout in a vein of mocking cynical humor, and bristling with deliberately perverse and paradoxical sentiments — as indeed its title, The Decay of Lying, would lead the reader to expect — is not on that account to be laid aside as worthless. It contains the germ at least of a Truth, when, in bewailing the decay of modern fiction and modern art generally, it attributes that decay in great measure to our losing sight of the absolute independence of art. Even when in the true spirit of paradox the writer asserts that " Nature follows the landscape " painter and takes her effects from him," lie is able to support this strange view by the argument that the majority of man kind would have been blind to some of Nature's most beautiful effects but for the painter's art—not because tha effects wore not there, but because "to " look at a thing is very different from " seeing it." Art, as has been said, is " the hand that gilds the grcyness of the " world but for art and the tcachin" of art we might be as dull and indifferent to the beauty oven of a gorgeous sunset as so mauy cattle or sheep. It will not do, of course, to take this style of writing too literally, but a whimsical conceit of the nature indicated was thoroughly character istic of the man, and the meaning wrapped up in this one is that mere photographic representations of nature either by pen or pencil are not art. Tho artist must be able to look below the surface and see things to which the ordi nary eye is blind. Those things lie will transfer to his canvas, and will teach others — first to admire the mysterious loveli ness of his effects in his picture, and after wards to discover them for themselves in nature. The world of letters is at present much exercised as to the proper goal and aim of the novelist. Writing romances of the old- fashioned kind seems to be an art as extinct as the moa, though opinions may differ as to whether the supply has ceased because there is no demand, or vice versa. In its place we have our choice of treatises on heterodox theology, which since Robert Elsmere have been written and pub lished in ceaseless profusion ; tho novel that is merely vulgar, like Dodo ; the novel with a purpose, in which tho taste of jam is fondly expected to neutralise that of the concealed powder ; and the story of everyday life. Of this last Mr. W. D. Howells is tho chief living exponent, and right well does he carry out his conception ; but it is far otherwise with his host of imitators, who seemingly proceed on the assumption that because men and women perforce take an interest' in the sordid details of their own daily life they will derive keen enjoyment from tho perusal of similar details about imaginary persons. You may search books of this class from cover to cover without finding an incident that seems to need recording or that excites when recorded. Their raison d'etre is said to be to give a truthful representation of life ; and those who write them are never weary of allowing their skill at analysing tho very ordinary characters of their story, under the evident impression that tho public in turn will never weary of wading through their interminable discourses. Novels written to inculcate that intem- perance is vicious, that we all ought to turn socialists, or some other doctrine dis putable or indisputable, are rarely carried out with sufficient skill to deceive any but the most unwary. The cloven hoof is for ever peeping out; and in place of a friend writing to amuse us we have a stern mentor, who insists willy nilly on " improving " us and guiding our steps to what he happens to consider a higher life. Instead of a story we are deluded into read ing a Blue Book ; and we instinctively sigh for the breezy atmosphere in which a Dumas envelops the creations of his fancy. Into the same category fall many of tho theological and physio logical treatises which now pass current as novels of the day ; and it is hard to believe that those who inflict them upon us are actuated by any loftier motive than pandering to a transitory and unhealthy condition of the public appetite. We say transient because signs are not wanting that tho average novel reader has almost had his fill of books about men's beliefs and unbeliefs, or the new woman ; and having made the experiment, would rather not be again conducted across the border line which separates pruriency from seemliness. That such works should be published by writers of acknowledged ability is to be deplored, and it is no excuse for such men to plead that they are compelled to aim low in order to hit the public taste. They have no need to write "pot boilers" for a bare livelihood, or to sacrifice an established reputation on the sordid altar of mammon. Mr. Grant Allen, whose new book, The Woman Who Did , is now exciting no little commotion in literary circles, seems to have foreseen the very criticism that one would most naturally, and even most charitably, apply to it. Concerning the work he has hitherto done, whether in the form of books or articles, Mr. Allen is almost contemptuous. Hitherto he tells us he has written to order, and to make money ; now, having made it, he can afford to write solely to gratify his own taste. Put briefly, tho book is a sort of vision of tho good time coming when there shall be no more marrying or giving in marriage, but the doctrines of free love and absolute equality between the sexes shall be universally taught and accepted. The lesson he would teach "solely to " satisfy his own taste and his own "conscience" is that "no man is "truly civilised" who attempts to deny to "every woman of all the women " he loves or who love him " the right to leave him for some one else the moment she is tired of him or likes someone else better; tlio definition of a " truly civilised" woman being, mutatis mutandis , tho same. It will, we fancy, be difficult to convince tho world at large that The Woman Who Did has a lofty and a noble aim. Most people will accept his assertions with polite but reso lute disbelief, and will see in this latest product of his brain no more than a bare faced attempt to catch the rapidly pass ing craze of tho public for books which leave a nasty taste behind ere the whim of tho moment changes. This singularly nauseous production may possibly be looked upon as tho harvest from the seed sown in A Doll's House ; but if so it comes "ower late," as the Ibsen mania has about worn itself out ere this. Tho old novels, with their simple scheme of " a " real unmitigated villain, a heroine as "pure as snow, and a crowd of good " ordinary people," as Mr. Andrew Lang puts it, may be objected to as false to life ; though, to continue tho quotation, " they gave us more agreeable reading, " and reading not more remote from the " truth than is to be found in Dr. Ibsen's " Ghosts or his Pillars of Society." The comparative scarcity of novels of incident, such as those turned out with monotonous regularity by Mr. Ryder Haggard, may probably be accounted for by the fact that they are more difficult to write than those in which analysis of characters and motives forms the staple ; and it may be added, unless, they are really well done, they are quite as difficult to read. It is only to, be expected that even an imagination so fer tile as Mr. Haggard's should "give " out" after a time ; but in any case a continued succession of tales like King Solomon's Mines would have been sure to pall sooner or later. Mr. Walter Besant has usually something to say, and says it pleasantly, though his stories lack the keen, absorbing interest that they possessed when Mr. Rice was alive to supply tho framework. At the same time, men like Mr. Besant and Mr. Marion Crawford write as though they realise that " reading is not a duty, and has no busi- " ness to be made disagreeable," which is more than can be said for some of their compeers. A story is told of Pushkin, the Russian poet, who was fatally wounded in a duel. As ho lay dying lie was asked by Iris wife if there wero no friends or relatives he would like to see, and in reply he pointed to his bookcase, where, he said, were all the friends of his lite, it would be con trary to reason to suppose that more than an infinitesimal percentage of the mass of modern works of fiction will over win the right to be regarded with affection such as Pushkin bore to tho contents of his library. The bulk of modern readers read a book because it is tho rage, and because not to have read it is to be singular. But they do not love it or cherish it. They got it from a circulating library, and when it is returned it is speedily forgotten ; and this is too commonly 'the best tiring for all concerned. Now that tbe question of referring a plan for federation to a Referendum is well within the sphere of practical politics, any information regarding its working in Switzerland, where it lias found its fullest development, is botli useful and welcome. Recognising the importance of the subject to all English sneaking communities, among whom there is constantly growing dissatis faction with tho present overlasting squabble between the " ins" and the "outs," M. Nuina Dross, a Swiss writer, has con tributed an interesting article upon the present aspect of the institution in Switzerland to the March number of tho Contemporary Review. Ho traces its origin and growth and what is of most Importance, ho points out its strong and weak points, its possibilities and its limitations. There is ono danger against which the general student must guard, unless, indeed, ho ho an American accustomed to the distinction between State and Federal legislation. In Switzer land the Referendum maybe applied cither to cantonal onaofcmontflor to laws governing thecountry at largo. Thedintinctum inessen tial, for the comparatively small population of a single canton i> apt to bo homogene ous and its interests identical— as, for instance, agricultural or manufacturing— whereas tho federal laws must be suited to tho people ,at large, embracing a large diversity of industries and other pursuits. It is better, therefore, for us, if we desire to understand the question aright, to noglect tlio merely cantonal Rofe- rendums nnd concentrate our atten tion upon its working as a federal institution. In tho cantons thoro are two kinds of Referendum)— the compulsory and tho optional. Under the former tho people of the ennton are called together twice in the year to ratify the principal acts of Us Legislature. The optional Referendum con sists in tho right of a certain number ot citizens to demand that any particular measure shall be submitted to tho people for .adoption or rejection. The Rodaral Constitution lias adoptod tho optional sys tem alone, and one of tho moot points of Swiss poliLics at tho present lima is whother it sh«uid not also adopt tho compulsory. Closely connected with this question is another, which asks, "What are the matters which must he submitted to the Referendum ? Obvi ously there is a largo number of matters which are partly administrative and partly legislative acts, such as the budget, which is now considered in Switzer land as merely a statement of the execution of laws already voted, and as such does not como under the Referendum. In the same category international treaties are now placed, and also such matters as public works, tho construction of buildings and tlio conservancy of rivers; anything, in fact, which is purely administrative is exempted from the Referendum. But even with theso exemptions there would be a very large number of acts which would have to bo submitted. The Federal Assembly on an average disposes every year of from 150 to 180 subjects, and if only one tenth of those wero submitted, tho burdon laid upon the citizen to master so many subjects would be intolerable, and that) without taking into account the voting on cantonal and communal affairs, which already, according to M. Droz, occupy twelve polling days in the city of Berno. From what has boon said it is obvious that tho compulsory Referendum is an act of positive legislation, merely giving the direct sanction of tlio people to the measures passed by their representatives. The optional Referendum, on the other hand, is negative and is a form of veto. Tho machinery through which it works undor tho Federal Constitution is as fol lows:— Every law or reRolution of geuorsl import ance passed by tho Chambors is published in the official paper, which fixes a term of ninety days from tbe day of publication for tho exer cise of tho right of opposition. When tho signatures of tho persons demanding the Referendum hare boen collected they aro transmitted to the Federal Chancellery, which verifies tho nuinbor and authen ticity of the signatures and re ports to tho Federal Council. The Council deoldes whother or not tho demand is sufficient, and tbe voting will tako plaoe, and fixes tho day, which must bo sufficiently distant for at least four weeks to pass between the timo when the text of tho opposed measure ia in tiio hands of the citizens and tbe polling day. Tho law or resolution ia bold to bo accepted if it obtains an absolute majority of the citizens taking part in tho vote. M. Droz thinks that tho Referendum rounds off and oompletos tho representative system, while it undoubtedly prevents all Parliamentary and Ministerial crises. Tiie position is similar to that of employer and employed. "Tho craftsman carries out "the work to Iris own satisfaction; tho "employer who gave tho order is of a "different opinion, and sondsit back to "be altered. The legislator is not "discredited; he is only in the " position of a deputy whoso bill lias nob " passed. There is no question of resign- " hog." It is obvious, however, that with our present system the case would be dif ferent, for our legislators are not, liko the Swiss, elected for a definite term. The chief objection to tiie optional Referendum is . that it plays too much into the hands of the Opposition, which has to create a current of adverse opinion. But this objection scarcely seems well founded, for during the twenty years ending last December 180 bills and resolutions passed the Federal Assembly, and tho Referendum was only demanded for 18 of them. The people passed six and rejected twelve of these, and four of the twelve wero recast and subsequently passed without opposi tion. A demagogue like Buulanger might turn the Referendum into a dangerous weapon, but the good sense of the Swiss people has hitherto prevented any such catastrophe. Tho two principal drawbacks to tlio working of the institu tion in Switzerland iiave been that it tends to make legislators timid, and that it has created a "camarilla" of politicians, who exploit the credulity or passions of the populace in order to oppose measures which are perfectly legitimate. According to M. Droz the Referendum is a complete success in Switzerland, and has come to stay. Bub tho question of initia tive, which is intimately mixed up with it, is on a less satisfactory basis. Formerly the Federal Assembly alone had the right to introduce modifications to tho Constitu tion, and in this matter it possessed tho right of initiative. But recently tho advanced Democrats claimed a right to pro pose partial as well as a general revision of tho constitution, and they succeeded in carrying a proposition that tlio 50,000 citizens necessary for the applica tion for a Referendum should have tho right to draft tho article for themselves. The first use made of this nonpar was to prevent the Jews from slaughtering cattle according to the rites of their church. It was shown that there was nothing cruel in their method, but an appeal was made to the religious passions of tho people and the article was passed in August, 1893, by 191,527 votes to 127,101, and by eleven and a half cantons against ten and a half. But as tlio drafters of tlio article neglected to impose penalties, the law has remained a dead letter and the Federal Assembly has refused to pass a law insist- ing upon compliance. In two cases since then the popular initiative has been used to formulate a law, but iu botli instances it has resulted in dire failure. In one case the Socialists demanded the right to labor, but it was rejected by 308,239 votes to 75,880, and by twenty-two cantons to none ; and on a demand for tho partition of the customs duties between the Con federation 'and the cantons by 317,016 votes to 145,207, and by thirteen and a half cantons to eight and a half. It is said that there is a general opinion in Switzerland that tho popular initiative is dangerous, a3 oponing the door to outbursts of sudden excitement or passion, as in the case of tho Jowisli slaughter house regulations, but the result of tho other coses quoted seems io show that the dema gogue has but little power among the Totora. M. Droz ia very nervous lost it may lmconte a revolutionary weapon, an.l inentloiiH tlio ciiho of tlio electors of Zm jc|, who u Hiatal u monopoly of issuing bank notes for the benefit of tbo Stato in iloluinco of a clause in tlio ltaloral Consti- tuition. On that occasion tbo decision was reversed by tbo iodoral authoriliof) bub of conrso there is no authority which could reverse tlio decision of tho entire Swiss people. In the United States, where Kcforondnins nro frequent, it is cuBtomarv to require a two-thirds and not a simple majority of votes ; and possibly a similar proviso in Switzerland might bo found a preventive to hasty legislation. Ono thing is quite evident, that tlio Kcforendum would scarcely work well unless some arrangement wns lirst mndo for giving ministers a fixod toiiura of oflico. 