THE BEVEBLEY GHOST. [By Jenxt Mae Blaeeslee.] I. The old Beverley place was haunted. At least that is what everybody said, and when 'everybody' says a thing is so of course it is so, especially in a little town like Elliston. There certainly was a singular melancholy air brooding over this old mansion, although it bad been deserted only for about five years. The heir to the property, young Henry tseverley, had gone abroad on tne oeatn pt ins father, leaving the place unoccupied, and his stay had been unexpectedly prolonged. The house was a stately structure of stone, and would seem a safe place in which to store the valuables that according to rumor had been left there— old family plate, rich maho gany furniture and costly bric-a-brac. Re ports of all this had aroused the spirit of covetousness in the breasts of at least the less scrupulous of the neighboring villagers. A rumor, however, that the late Mr. Beverley's shade made nightly visitations to guard his son's possessions had probably so far kept away these would-be burglars, if such existed. Farmer B3gstoek stood one August after noon iu the doorway of Mr. Smythe's little store— one of the kind that keeps the whole range of neces sities from muslin to mowing m:ichines. His thin saw-like features wore an expectant expression, and his eyes were lightened by a look of cunning and greed as he occa sionally glanced down the road. Farmer Bag stock was not rich in this world's goods, and the nature of bis efforts to become so might, it is feared, damage his pi-ospeets iu the next. His patient waiting was at last rewarded, for a long lank figure presently appeared far down the street evidently making for Mi1. Smythe's establishment. When this individual, known as Hoke Simp kins, mounted the steps the farmer greeted him in a rather surly way. '* Ben waitin' long enough, I should think.' ' Couldn't git here no sooner, 'pon my word,' responded Hoke apologetically. ' After a word or two with the talkative store keeper Bagstock bestowed a wink u;ion his friend, and suggested ? that they 'walk down the road a piece.' Hoke complied, and pre sently they left the highway and entered a small piece of woodland. Following the course of a brook for some distance they reached an immense oak-tree and seated themselves under neath it. The surrounding underbrush and the oak's thick trunk coucealed them from the view of any one who might chance to pass along by the stream. II. A short time before this James Stokes, one of the village boys, came down to the brook to try his luck at trout-fishing. The afternoon was sultry and rather cloudy, .and it was pro bable that the fish would bite if there were any there. But these contrary trout evidently turned up their noses at his tempting flies, and at last he gave up in de spair. But Jimmy would not relinquish all hope of a 'catch' yet, so he wandered further up the stream. He walked quite noiselessly for fear of scaring the fish, and at last halted just back of 'a large oak tree. Before he had bad time to cast his fly Jimmy beard the sound of men's voices speaking in low and cautious tones. Now be was a typical small boy, and of a shrewd and enquiring turn of mind, so he dropped quietly down on the bank and listened, screening himself from possible observation by getting behind a large stump. Soon he caught a sentence which made him hold liis breath to hear more. ' Waal,' slowly said a voice which he could not at first recognise, ' the only thing is we'll haf ter break a winder. I found everythiu' fastened when I skirmished round t'other night.' 'It'ud make an awful racket breakin' the glass. 'Twould bo better to take a pane out, 1 reckon,' answered the other man. Jiuimy was quite certain that this speaker was Hoke Simpkins. 'Yaas, it might,' said the other, medita tively ; ' that big winder at the end of the halL:1 'Folks say there's piles o' silver and things worth a heap o' moiie3'. How* I'd like to get holt on it !' And Jimmy knew that Farmer Bagstock had spoken. 'Don't see why we can't cut out a pane right under the ketch. Then we c'h raise the winder iu a jiffy.' ' Waal, it might do that way,' answered Bagstock- '\Vhat d' ye say to next Monday night '! That ain't too soon, be it '{' Hoke said he thought not. 'Then,' went on the farmer, 'we want dark lanterns, and,' with a chuckle, '' 1 don't think an old mealbag or floursack :u'd be onhandy. We could git there about nine, cut the pane aout, then go off fur a spell, fur if anyone was alookin' it Vd throw 'em olf the scent. After a consid'able space ive could sneak back and git in. Thar, how's that for a scheme ?' lie finished triumphantly. 'Fine,' said Hok« admiringly. But lie added rather slowly 'Folia say old Beverley 's spook's around there, y3 know, but 1 ain't afraid, ba you ?' , 'Spooks!' laughed Bagstock scornfully. ' They ain't no sech thing. Ef there was they couldn't hurt vs.' Both were rather silent for a moment, how ever, after this brave speech, and soon the farmer suggested that they had said enough for the present, aud might as well move ou. They rose to leave their retreat, and Jimmy made himself as small as possible back of the stump. As he was on the other side of the brook from the men, they passed by without seeing him, and were presently lost to his view. Then Jimmy rose to his feet, shook himself, loojveo arouna, ana gave vent to hjs leeimgs by a long whistle and the exclamation, *' Jirniny Chrismus, if I could only—' He stopped short, seeming to remember that 'discretion is the better part of valor,' and that some one might be listening to hear what he was going to say. So he only walked away very slowly, almost forgetting to pick up his fishing tackle in his absorption. On arriving home lie laid his rod on the front porch, and without lingering a moment, dashed across the lawn, got through a hole in the fence, and then raced across lots to the village store. He en countered his bosom friend Will Smythe in front of bis father's establishment, and 'greeted him excitedly. ' Hullo, Bill ! I've got something to tell you. Quick ! Come over to the orchard ; I can't wait a, min;jte.' Full of curiosity Bill followed Jimmy's lead, and they were soon in their favorite haunt, an old apple-tree. 'Isow,' said Jimm3', 'wait till you hear what I have to tell you. Whew ! Its im mense !' Billy was breathless with interest, and .Tim unfolded the plot he had heard. Will be came as excited as his friend could wish, and I exclaimed : | 'The scoundrels ! Can't we head them off?' ' If we could only hit on something without letting anyone know. That miserly Bag- ! stock ! Father always said he wouldn't trust I him with a dime, and Hoke Simpkins would i do anything Bagstock told him to. He's a i coward, anyway. ' Billy was lost in thought. Suddenly ho claimed — ' Hurrah ! I , have it. Just the j thing. In his eagerness he nearly fell out ; of the tree. When he had managed to tell j his plan it met with tremendous applause from Jimmy. What came of Will's bold inspiration remains to be seen. ' III. Mondayevening was moonless, just the night for a reckless deed. The conspirators thought that they were especially favored. By 9 both were at the meeting-place, and repaired in silence to the old house. The night was one of the kind that ghosts usually select for a promenade, and this thought may have oc curred to the minds of the farmer and Hoke. Each assured himself that such au idea was nonsense, but just the' same this delicate sub ject was not mentioned. The window being found, Bagstock pro ceeded to pry out the pane. Then both, after glancing cautiously about, stole away to Sitnpkins's house, which was not .far distant. It was fully an honr before they returned and viewed tbe window. All was as they had left it, and Bagstock Baid in a hoarse whisper, ' Now then, vou cJimb in first/' Hoke drew back a little. The house, some how, looked uuusuallv dismal. ' What, you ain't afraid, be you?' ejaculated the farmer. Hoke said, ' Of course not,' but for some unaccountable reason his voice shook slightly. He consented to be boosted up, and inserting his hand in the opening easily undid the catch and raised the lower sash . Both of them would have been seized with consternation had they imagined that but a short time before other hands than their own had made the same use of this very window. Now, Hoke was an awkward youth, andin climbing over the eill his foot caught, which very shortly deposited him on the floor. This mishap added to his misgivings, but a he picked himself up aud helped in the im patient Bagstock. They were now inside the walls which sheltered the coveted treasure. What to do next? With the aid of their dark lanterns they groped along the hall, which ran from front to back, as in most old houses built in the colonial style. Poor Hoke found hi knees beginning to shake in a distressing manner. Any comer might suddenly reveal something to strike them with terror. If he had not discarded bis hat before entering it would have bsen at present resting on the ends of his abundant crop of hair. He was obliged to catch hold of the farmer to steady himself, which called forth a grew! from that quarter, for Bagstock was having all he could do to stifle some little misgivings of his own. 'Where the dickens,' he muttered, 'can the tilings ? ' He stopped suddenly. The hall was wide as well as long, and they had now nearly reached the front end. At one side stood a large heavy chest, suggestive of riches stored, perhaps, in its depths. Near it was a heap of furniture and rubbish. Bagstock had taken a step for ward, and almost had his hand on the chest when his lantern flashed on something. This 'something' made his knees shake more, his hair rise higher, and hi eyes bulge out further than Hoke' ever thought of doing. Seated on that very chest was an object in white, per fectly motionless, its head evidently turned toward the men. The farmer was trans fixed with horror, and what Hoke was un dergoing at that moment may be imagined but not described. He only gave vent to a kind of howl and dropped with a thud on the floor. Bagstock looked as though his shaky lenees would oblige him to follow Hoke's example, when suddenly the figure moved. It rose slowly, 6lowly, to its full height, raised one long arm, and pointing to the chest, said, in low, blood-curdling tones : ' Yonder lies the treasure. Beware ! Touch it not, or ye die/' They waited to hear no more. Somehow they reached that window by a succession of bumpings and scrapings, and finally, with a particularly heavy and emphatic thump, Hoke found himself on the ground. Before lie could struggle up the farmer was on top of him. After they had extricated themselves it did not take long for both to put a good half mile between themselves and the haunted house. A rumor that two men had attempted to burglarise the Beveriey House, but !iad be™ nearly frightened, out of their wits by the famous ghost, and taken themselves off in terror, caused much excitement in the village. The names of the two men no one seemed able to find out, but Bill Smythe and James Stokes had many a laugh in private over the sheepish look which the faces of Farmer Bagstock and Hoke Simpkins always wore when the subject of the burglary was mentioned. — Harper's Hound Talk. m ? 