IRISH SUPERSTITIONS. something au0ut fairies anij ghosts There is soinothing delightfully romantio in tho nuporstitions and be liefs of tho Irish peasantry, tho which, to a. cortain axtont, influence tho national character. That thn Cnltia nature is impulsive goes without saying but it is full of poetry and imaginations and tho tales of enchantments— -fairies and good pooplo and lepmchauns — which ainuso children in othor places aro accepted as gospel truth by tho peasantry through tho longth and breadth of tho country. Deprive them of thoir fairios and thoir superstitions, and they aro more ordinary mortals ; with those adjuncts, thoy are tho most primitive and interesting pooplo to ho found on the civilised globe. And while tho solid matter-of-fact English men may laugh at what thoy term oddities qJ national ohar&Qtes; gome of tho suporstitions aro boautiful and oxprossivo, and, whon properly undor- ntood, are duly appreciated, and hold in tho greatest respect. For instance, lovo of tho homo in which an Irishman is born, no mattor how poor or humblo it may be, is ono of tho national traits which is hard to understand, and thoir kindred and domestic tics, their vonor- ation and wild love for their dead relatives and frionds, is scarcely to bo oqnnllod in any othor country. Many pooplo wonder why tho Irish are so hospitable — aye, ovon to a fault — hut tho explanation is easily givon. Tho mother toaohos tho ohild its prayers night and morning, and hore comes tho opportunity to impress on tho mind of tho offspring tho family history. Every deceased member is fondly montiouod, after which como instructions which are novor forgiven. ThiB is the solution of the whole mys tery. The instructions aro givon by tho mothor' simultaneously with tho prnyor, and as long ns memory lasts prayors will bo reoitod, and tho instruc tions faithfully and roligioutdy obsorved and failure to oboy any of thorn is sure to be visited with diro misfortune. " Leavo a jug of wator on tho kitchen table." It ' is a matter of boliof amongst tho peasantry that their dead frionds whon all aro gone to bed at night como in and pay them a viBit, and wator and food are left on tho tablo in order that they may refresh thcmsolves if they feel so inclinaed. Tho fire is raked, and u. chair sot op posite for tbo midnight visitor. Say what you liko it is a boautiful sonti- ment. " Don't loavo tho kitchon in disorder." Hoto arc the first lessons taught to tbo housewife, and if you poapod in through tho kitchon door of a houso of a wolf-to-do farmer at night yon wonld bo surprised at tho precision with whioh ovorytliing is arranged. " Don't say anything ngainst , the fairjos." This is tho most important advjee wbioh can be given. The fairies, or good peoplo, are ubiquitous, and sco and hear ovorything. You sco a cow in a pasture at night in summor and ovory time she takes a bito alio ! blows on tbo grass. Why docs sho do ' so 1 Common sonso would toll you I that tho cow puffs to blow tho dow I from tho grass, but tho Irish peasants | will toll you quite a different story. Tho fairios aro so numorous on thoso I summor nights that thoro is ono on j ovory blade of grass, and tho oow that knows all about it would not injure tho | tiny orcaturo, and blows thorn bofore hor. Evory_ villago has its rath in ! whioh the fairios reside, and to touch a bush or branch or tree growing on these sacred spots is an unpardonable offence, and if any accident occurs to your family or stock, you must havo done something to bring tho ill-will of tho " good peoplo " on your dovatod head, If your milk is bad tho fairios aro at fault. If your churning is diffi cult or unproductive somo ono has stolen your buttor— through tho instru- mentality of the fairios, of courso. Fairios steal healthy children, and leaves weakly emaciated ones in thoir place. Lovurs "Fairy Boy" gives this beautiful superstition. I would liko to quoto it at longth, but I can only givo ono vorso ; — Why with spalls my boy carosslng? Courting him with Iniry joy? Why destroy a mother's blessing? Whonocforth still my baby boy ? _ Now comos a very important instruc tion which is also obwrvetl in Scotland. " Don't overlook anything." It iB tho same as "tho ovil eyo." No ono admiros a child, a fine horso. or anv animal without saying " God bloss it." If you omit thin you overlook tho child or animal, and if anything happens, if siokness or death should follow to the ono or tho othor your ovil oyo was tho immediate causo of tho calamity, and you aro never forgivon. But thoro is a remedy. Supposo you havo neg lected to say tho usual good word, and you aro romindod by a friond of your negligence, you como baok to tho ani mal and expectorate on it and say, "God bloss it." No man in his fivo sonsos would think of taking a journey or oven go to work if tho first porson he met in the morning wore a red- haired woman. It is a deadful sign of ill-luck to bo possessed of a orowing hon« When ono is aiscovored, no matter bow valu able tho brood, sho is taken at least a inilo away and left on tho oross-road She is invariably pickod up by Homeono elso, and whon hor crowing proolivitios aro found out sbo is troatod in tbo samo manner, and in tbo ond a " hay- thon " tramp, or madher-eenrhu (fox)> dines on tho unlucky animal. T'no vastcorpso in tho graveyard is boliovod to kcop watch ovor tbo place, and bring water to tbo ghosts until tbo noxfc arri val. Tho meaning of this is tliat tbo soul oannot go to bcavon until tho next burial. If you meet a funeral whether driving or walking no matter what is your hurry, you must turn round and travel with it somo distance. uiuuutuy Miing to aoouior- wiso, and tho observance of tbo rulo is takon as a groat compliment paid not only to tbo frionds but to tbo " dear departed." When a lady performs hV toilet sho must carefully gafchor u», tho stray hairs from tho comb, jifrl burn thorn in tho fireplace. You must not tako fire out of any houso on a May morning, and if you go into any house - where milk is being churned, no mattor what your position in life may bo, yon must take tho churndash in your hand and f>o through tho operation of ohurmng for a short time. No boy, hawovcr wayward or had ho may ho, will touch a robin ; tho hil- sidos blazo with bonfires on St. . John's day, Juno 21, and a fowl must ho killed on St. Martin's night, November 11\. This superstition is observed in town and country, and resembles verv much tho slaughtering of tho lamb, or- kia, tho night of tho passover, when- the Jews, wore leaving Egypt. Wliv wy BMiaent ot fotgetfulaets. .- would 1)0 so stupid as to put your 1 slippers or sboos ou tlio bod you may : bo certain of somo imponding dnngor. Volumos liavo boon written about tho ' Bnnshoo, tbo "fairy women," which attends ovory clan and gives tho dread ful caom, or wail, when death is ap proaching any member of tbo family. No 0110 ovur doubts tho banshoo when Blio is beard, generally at midnight, in a wild and unearthly boon, crying, ' oh, so plaintively, for tho friend who is suro to bo numbered with tbo dead ero tbo sun peeps again o'er tbo "grocn . '.hills of ould Ireland." 