Topics if ilu M The oase -reported in last week's Express of a poor uufortunate old man, upwards of 103 years old, being sent to a Melbourne prison for six months for vagrancy affords another pointed example of the slowness with which the old barbaric leaven is being eliminated from the laws of that colony. Tint such a thing is possible in Victoria, or any other place at the present day, is a sting ing repioich to all the men who, since the introduction of responsible Government, nave uau cne soaping or legislation entrusted to their handii. There is not a politician in the country who will not stick his thumbs in his waistcoat and his chin in the air, and flatter the people that poverty is no crime. At election times this senti ment, paraphrased to suit the demands of the hour usually forms the whole burden of the political song. One would even imagine that iu the eyes of the popular statesman poverty, so far from being a crime, was a cardinal virtue, and that the sole aia\ and end of government was to study the interests of a man without a penny. A more egre gious piece of huiubug no community ever allowed itself to be imposed upon with. If poveity is no crime, what was this man, in his helpless old age, drugged to prison for? From reports it is gathered his life has not been a disgraceful one, but rather a blame less aud beneficent one. He never broke any law or committed any offence to justify the slightest interference with his liberty, until, when old and helpless, he becomes unable to earn enough to keep body and soul together, and because the Grim Reaper has not gathered Li in into his fold and beciuse Nature will not permit of him woiking for a liviut, he was sent to gaol. We say it is a stinging reproach to our nineteenth century civilisation that a man who has expe rienced and endured the trials and vicissi tudes of this world for over a century, should be sent to prison because at that advanced age he is too feeble to earn his own living. The act can be termed nothing more nor less than pute and simple barbar ism. Tt is an infamous thing to brand a centenarian a criminul on account of failing Nature's inability to labour for that which is necessaiy to keep body and soul together, and the sooner the laws are altered and a distinction made between misfortune and dishonesty the better. We do not know of a single country iu the world where there is a law in existence to-day which holds poverty to be a crime; it is only here in advanced New South Wales and Vic'oria where such a law continues to be a disgrace to an enlightened and civilised people. ? Day after day during the prevailing de pression have the business people and others of Molong been called upon to assist some base of real or imagiuary charity ; aud this same sort of thing, even in the good old times, haB gone on and on until we feel satis tied that those who are called on to assist would hail with satisfaction the establish ment of a Benevolent Society such , as has been established in other places. What we would propose is something after the follow ing : — Let the business men aud other resi dents of Molong put what they consider has been their annual expenditure on charity into one common fund; let a small com mittee (of ladies, we should say) be formed with a competent secretary at its head who shall make every enquiry into the various applications for relief ; let the assistance be such as the funds will afford, and then not in the shape of money, but in food, clothing, -fcc. The Express is of opinion that such a society would be more beneficial in assisting the needy than the usual order of subscription lists, and we also think others who would give to real charitv would be more likely to subscribe to such a Society if they were satisfied the money would be spent in worthy oi jects, and worthy objects alone. We trust [some of our leading citizens ' will see the necessity of establishing a Benevolent Society j. and at once take the initiative to conveue a meeting with that object in view. It is a long while since Molong was so destitute of societies that make for improve . ment iu intellectuality as it is at the present time. Literary societies, musical societies, semi- political societies, even dramatic socie ties — in each case the return is NON kst. We read, as if in a dieam, of great improvements in other paits of the world— of reading circles, musical unions, debating clubs ; of lectures and discusaious, of papers read and masterpieces studied; aud we awake and find ourselves — in a desolate Molong. Is there a blight on the pkee ? Do the ghosts of an old officialdom over-awe us 1 Is there somethiug in our past that stifies us ? Does a dead weight of old Molong lie on us, aud prevent our rising to create a newer and worthier Molong 1 Oris it simple lack of homogeneity — is it that great hunks of in dissoluble matter clog the action of Molong's organism— that we ape all the caste differ ences and distinctions of other countries, and represent an unnatural jumble rather than a civic uuioti ? Or is it- merely that the cares of the .wor.Jd and the desires of other, things entering in choke the half-forn^ed ideas ' in that diiection and so render them unfruitful? The prayer of the petition (a copy of which appears in another column) from the Bowun Park Progress Committee to the Pustmaster Geheral id very reasonable one, aud should command the consideration of the Minister. The residents of Bowan Park are suffering — and have suffered for some time past — great inconvenience and trouble through the unsatisfactory way in which the mail service between there and Orange is run. As things are at the present time, letters posted at Bowan Park Office do not reach Sydney at the earliest two days after they are posted, and in the case of letters posted on Satur days after five p.m., these do not reach the metropolis until the following Wednesday. This sort of chiug is too bad, aud seeing that the petitioners prayer, if acceded to, would not add to the expeudi ure of the Depart ment, and, also, would not heap any hardship or injustice, upon any pei f-ons we trust Mr. Cook will be good enough to grant it. All that is apked for is an alteration in the route now taken by the mail from Boienore to fi'orbes, bo that it will deviate from the maiu road at Cheesman's Creek and go to Cudal via Bowan Park ; and in the event of this modest request not being 'sanctioned the Minister is asked to cause the Cargo mail to s'art earlier from Orange and to shorten the time taken up in the journey between those places, so as to enable the mail going via Bowan Park from Cargo to Cudal to catch the Sydney mail at the latter place. ' Women play odd tricks on qne another sometimes,' said a smart Ameiican wonuu the other day, ' but the queerest f ever heard of was perpetrated by one social leader in a western city upon another. They were rivals, and hated each other accordingly though outwardly they preserved the sem blance of pleasant relations. Every chance that either got to have a dig at the, other was eagerly seized. But the final and most effec tive stroke — after which no calls were ex changed — was delivered by Mrs. L ? . She sent out cards for a grand entertainment, and then took paius to find out what Mis., F — — , her competitor, was going to wear. The gorgeous pink brocaded satin was the. material of Mrs. F ? -'a gown, it was ascer tained. Accordingly, Mrs. L ? , whose husband is , in the dry goods business, ob tained several hundred yards of t.he same identical stuff, and draped walls of all the looms 'on the luwor floor of her house with it. You may imagine the feeling of Mrs. F ? on arriving in the superb new frock, in which she expected to make a sensation, Naturally she ordered her carriage and drove away in tears.' The prospects of the land tax becoming a reality is frightening a large number o£ people iu New South Wales to-day. Land owners are beating their friends to arms and the land monopolists are donning their nrraour in earnest ; while perhaps the most amusing thing is the spectacle of men who,' while a land tax was far off and but a question of theory, were supporters, now that it is com ing within a measurable distance, hurrying to [disclaim all belief in the proposal. At such a time it is natural that people who own valuable estates should take alarm, and put forth efforts to resent the imposition of tha tax. But apart from these there are. others, not large landowners, who also look upon the tax with dread, and a dread quite uncalled ' for. It is now several years since the same proposal— to tax land — was made in New Zealand, and the same fight showed by mo nopolists and timid men. One of the leading papers in the colony fought against: the tax with all i's might, yet after a few years ex perience of the tax, this paper asks that, whatever tax is removed, the land tax may be retained ; for, observes the paper, it has proved to be highly satisfactory, not oppres sive, and productive of great good, while the evils feared have not come to pass. The same fight that was carried on in New Zea land against the tax is being carried ou here. Exactly the same arguments are being used against it. The favourite argument againBt its imposition is that, it will fall with crush ing weight upon both the Btnall landowner' and the tenant ; but it is worthy of note that the class of people most anxious to urge out this are, as a rule, large landowners. Much error results from the neglect to carefully distinguish between land taxation and land value taxation. To tax land would certaiuly hurt many people, and be most unjust, if the taxation were upon area, for then an acre of . land in the best position in Sydney would pay no more than an acre of farm, scrub, or pastoial land. But to tax land values ia a totally different thing, for then the farm of 50 acres wonld pay . very considerably ? less than' the building site in Sydney of'50'ftf#tV A little consideration will show that although most of the area of land is in the country,, most of the value is in the cities. Hence 'ft land value tax would shift the burden . taxation to the owners of valuable city pro perty, and necessarily, relieve the country, a thing much to be wished for, but a thing which accounts for the Sydney land-kinga and boom-mongers opposing the tax. ?' * 