IfflAP THERE. IN its oUfinagrjtf' Ismail Pasha, the ' Times *' gives the following story concerning V that expoten IVL^ tate's difficulties Ujjl during the last *O| days of his rn2e: '7 tcAs credit got '-' more difficult, he sold the Canal ^-Bhaxes, an. operation of which he was al Nrays particularly proud, because he main t*ained that he had cheated the British ?Government out of .£40,000 in the ex change. The British Government, how ever, became curious, and sent out Mr. Stephen Cave to inquire into the finances. Ismail, aided by his foater brother and dearest friend, Ismail Sadik — Minister of Rnance— was ready with voluminous state ments of accounts, which he presented with admirable gravity. Mr. Goschen came later and criticised those and similar — -or rather very dissimilar — accounts ?which had been improvised for him. Ismail and Sadik began to find themselves in a very tight corner, and naturally each pondered how he could best get out of it at the expense of the other. The result was that Ismail, coming home from a drive with his foster brother, to whom he had been that day more than usually cordial, left the carriage, and Ismail Sadik, instead of being driven to his own house, was driven elsewhere and never heard of again. Ismail said he had drunk himself to death, and it was generally believed that the drink was a cup of coffee. ' On our war-flag you behold the eagle, the noblest creature of the universe. Strong in its youth, it soars high in the air beneath the rays of God's sun, knowing neither fear nor danger.' These be brave words indeed, and may well have inspired the naval recruits to whom they were ad dressed the other day at Wilhelmshavn ; by the German Emperor. The eagle to which they refer is distinctly of the 'spread' varietj, but no one has any right to complain of that. What is the good of being ' the noblest creature of the universe' if you may not assert yourself a little without provoking invid ious remark ? Germany is an overshadow ing Power, and her ruler may be excused for typifying her under the image of this commanding fowl. 'We in England, at any rate, can watch its flight with compo sure, and even sympathy— not, however, unmixed with some concern as to what might happen if it were to meet with that other famous high-flyer which can dip one wing in the Atlantic while the other is wet with Pacific spray. — London ' Daily Tele graph.' A correspondent writes to an English evening paper anent the influenza: 'It would be exceedingly interesting to know whether smokere as a body enjoy any de gree of immunity from influenza as com pared with non-smokers. In the earlier visits of the malady it was not uncommon for smokers to assert that there was safety in the constant companionship of the pipe. At that time color was certainly given to the belief by the investigations of an Italian bacteriologist regarding the in fluence of tobacco smoke on certain dis ease germs. That gentleman found that the smoke of various strengths of tobacco undoubtedly exercised a more or less de structive effect on bacilli which might take refuge in the smoker's mouth.' The Kitchen Committee of the House of Commons issued on March 6 their statement of the cost of providing creature comforts for our honorable and right honorable M.P&. last year, though, as a matter of fact, a Cabinet or ex- Cabinet Minister is rarely to be seen in the dining-room. It cost £11,669 3s 3d altogether, and although there is a yearly subsidy of .£1750 from the Imperial Exchequer there is a total deficit of £A& 12s 2d. Drinks cost £2793. Solids cost .£2607, and wages and manage ment figure at .£3265. There was a good deal of talk among members in the Lobby as to what was covered by the £788 set down for cheese, &c.; In smoke £271 was spent. The thinnest man who ever lived was probably Claude Ambroise Seurat, who was exhibited in London. When 28 years his height was 5ft 6in, and his chest ishowed the fair measurement of 33|in,but his weight was only 451b, which is about the weight of an ordinarily developed child of 6 years old. An Academician tells the following anecdote of his first meeting with Swin burne: Some years ago I wasat Tintagel. The weather was very stormy,' and with difficulty I climbed up the ruined castle, which 8tretfih.es out into the sea. Arrived ?At the top I saw a man baSiing, and it seemed inevitable that he must be drowned. Again and again he was dashed back on the shore by the force of the waves. I made my way down to the beach and said to the foolhardy bather: ' Are you not afraid to bathe in such a Btprmas this?' He answered excitedly, «? Afraid ! What is there to be afraid of ?' £ pointed out that there was the very ^Obvious danger of drowning. 'And what of it ? Is there a nobler death ?' was the fitoical reply. Mr. Cecil Ehodes is making a 'lion pre serve ' on his estate at Bondebosch, near Capetown. It will be enclosed, says the ' Pall Mall Gazette,' by a 16ft fence ; and, curiously enough, it will be stocked with ianimals from England. Perhaps the ^domesticated article will be easier to ananage than untamed cubs from the veldt. Mr. Ehodes's moods are very changeable. Be has several times pulled down his house and built it up again; and he is constantly altering the aspect of his huge estate. He employs 50 black 'boys' re gularly in planting and improving on Nature, and he is now making a five- mile ?drive through his place. One hundred and twenty thousand words £Ss the really popular length of a novel at 'the present moment according to a London Publisher. Hie disbelieves in the future of stha short story. It seems that Miss Ellen Terry isan en ||husiastic cyclist. 'On-every opportunity ,|i get,' she says, 'I ride miles and miles, /«nd find it helpful to me in my thinking' ~ xrat and studying of. the many .arduous ' parts I have to play.' Mr, Ivo Bligh, the captain of the Eng . . lish team which visited Australia ten ; years back, had & unique experience on his wedding day. He and his bride, Miss Florrie Morphy, went to a picturesque cottage on the side of Mount Macedon for their honeymoon, and, after dinner, Ivo ?^ strolled out into the bosh for a cigar. His ; ' emoke finished, he started back,. but, after half an hour or so of an endless procession of gum trees, he was £ osced into admitting that he was lost. ^He then made desperate . endeavor* to find his way back, but only got; further and further into the bush. : . He had , no matches to light a fire, and all tie holloaing for help failed to bring assistance. The upshot was that he had \- to sleep in the scrub, like a big babe in the -wood, until the morning light enabled him' to locate his residence and join his bride. — IiOndoh paper. : A professional chaperone, who has just been interviewed, avers that she has been paid sums varying from £700 to £1500 for ; introductions to the very best society. ft is not generally Inown, in connection with Eudyard Kipling's early life, that to bo haunted by a terrible apparition, which took the form of a grandmother's ghost, was almost the constant plague, of his existence as a boy. A tele of the great frost -cornea from Glasgow, where, says the 'ffewAge,' an aged clergyman with a oold church and a very small congregation, touched a chord in every heart by praying, with great frankness and spontaneity, 'O Lord, if we had studied our own comfort;, we would not have been here this morning.' 'MaomiHan' for March gives some droll instances of gallery reporters' slips. 'Great is Diana of the Ephesians !' once exclaimed Sir William Harcourt, and was reported in a provincial paper to have Baid, 'Great Dinah, what a.farce this is !' Baron Dowse, by the way, has told how he gave the line from Locksley Hall : ' Better fifty years of Europe than a cycle of Cathay,' which was turned into ' Better fifty years of true love than a circus in in Bombay.' Mr. Gladstone on a certain occasion, was represented as accusing Lord Hartington of ' Shaving his' head.' 'Shaving' ought to have read 'shak- ing.' To a 'Cassell's' interviewer Blondin confided as follows : ' During the perform ance the Prince send Major-General Bruca to me and say, not to do the stilts for him. I say, ? How can I not ?' It was in the programme, and I tell the Prince I do not do it for him, so that he need not feel alarmed, but for the spectators. He ob ject also at first to my carrying my agent across ; and at the end of the performance he say, ' Thank Heaven, it's all over !' and then sent one of his suite to my agent to ask whether I would like a present or a cheque. I chose the present for some thing1 to keep, but my agent took a cheque, which I did not know.' After her husband's death Lady Wilde came to Iiondon, and settled at Oakley street, Chelsea, with her eldest son. Here, says the ' St. James's Budget,' she still lives ; but, alas, her popular Saturday re ceptions no longer are held. They used to be quite a feature of society. Even in summer there was demi-jour; the blinds were pulled down, the curtains were drawn, red-shaded lamps were lit, and Lady Wilde glided about with sott white tulle lappets hang ing about her still' handsome face and a long train of rich silk or satin sweeping the ground. ? No one was ever moped or bored at her house. She never forgot any one. She was always tactful, prompt, and full of resource. ' Every lady in the room has written a book,' she used to observe, and she generally remembered the name of it. The American twang and the Irish brogue met together. There were French and Russians, editors and essayists j John Strange Winter, Mrs. Penwick Miller, Mr. H. D. Traill, and Lady Hardy and her daughter, Iza Duffus Hardy, were often to be seen. 'One who causes pain,' is the meaning of the name Jabez in Hebrew.' ' Good roast Cook wanted immediately ' forms an appalling advertisement in one of the London dailies. Tolstoi says he always eats a raw onion on rising. This prevents any interrup tion of his literary labors. The Berlin police are carrying their war into the camp of the quack doctors. They have just adopted a neat device to protect the public from the sale of quack reme dies. When one of these preparations contains a poisonous ingredient they insert an analysis in the paper, and give the actual value, together with the selling price. According to the ' Pall Mall Budget,' a certain marquis who sometimes seems to realise the importance of being very serious attended a certain theatre the other night with the intention of offering a certain author a bouquet — of turnips, carrots, and onions.' It seems he was persuaded not to do so. At any rate, he did not do so. Now this peer is known very well to be a man in whose vocabulary there is no such word as 'fear.' We take it he would be still one of the most awkward men in England for a chucker out to deal with. Will the writer of the 'Men, Women, and Things/' column in ' P.M.B.' throw a little further light on this interesting mystery? The matter ought to be cleared up. '? Queensberry. A correspondentof the ' Spectator' tells a remarkable dog story : ' One day,' he writes, 'a handsome black, smooth-haired, retriever puppy was given to us, whom we named 'Neptune.' The terrier ' Tan? greatly resented having this new com panion thrust upon him, and became very jealous of him. Being small, he was unable to tackle so large a dog1,, but sagacity accomplished what strength could not. 'Tan' disappeared for two days. One evening, hearing a tremendous commotion in the yard, we rushed out to find a huge dog of the St,^Bernard species inflicting a severe castigation upon poor 'Nep/ 'Tan' meanwhile lopking on, com placently wagging his tail. Both ' Tan ' and his companion then disappeared for two more days, after which * Tan 'reap- peared alone, apparently in an . equable frame of mind, and satisfied that he had had his revenge. We never discovered where the large dog came from,' Never in the history of Longford has each a painful sensation been created as that which was felt at the news of the burning of the house in which lay the dead body of Mrs. Thompson, Dereencolien, Kolloe, and the disgraceful scene that took place at her grave. Her death took place oarly in the week, and, while heir husband was marking the fun6ral arrangements, bis children put a large number of sticks in a stove in the room in which deceased lay, creating a large blaze, which flew up the chimney and caught the thatch roof. Immediately the whole building was in flames, and, notwithstanding the efforts of the neighbors, the place was burned to the ground. Before the fire . had got well under weigh, a brother of deceased carried the coffin, with remains, and' left them in the snow, while he assisted those who were trying to save the house. Seeing no chance of saving it, hs conveyed the remains to his residence, a few perches off. The remains were waked there. On the following- day a dispute arose about the grave in which deceased would be buried. She had requested to be buried with her mother. This her eldest brother, John St. John, opposed. After the funeral service hlad been performed a procession took place to Killoe grave yard. Here an extraordinary scene took place. No grave had been dug, and a younger brother of the deceased proceeded to make it, but when they turned up the clay the elder brother and his son put it back. The indignation of the people became intense, and a wordy warfare ensued between' the brothers, the elder swearing he would never allow his mother's remains to rest there. The Eev. Dr. Potterton arrived, and, failing to bring about peace, characterised the con duct of the elder brother as. unchristian and a disgrace in a civilised ^country. Eventually a grave was dog at the end of the mother's, and the burial took place in the most solemn manner. Owing to the watchfulness of the police, an ugly act was prevented taking place during the night. The people of the district are shocked, and have evinced the greatest sympathy for the homeless father and j children. 