The Man in the Corner. — A (By Observer.) We will soon be afforded the opportunity of listening to the divine inspirations of some of the far-famed orators of our town, for after a long delay the Tatura literary and debating society has again started operations. A stranger to the sublime flights of oratory and the powerful argu mentative powers of the. followers of Aris totle in this town, I live in anticipation of hearing shortly sentiments and language worthy of a Pitt or a Sheridan. This I re peat, i expect, and ye gods I grant unto us the power of comprehending the profound depths of the oratory which I believe flows from their lips. like the fragrance from the flowers on a dewy morning. To treat of such a 'theme I must call upon the gods to tune my harp while I sing : — In this dear little town Of world wide renown, The most important in the Valley ; There are orators great Of whom I'd like to ' spake ' If ye only would but heed me. Ta-ra-ra! Their eloquence is grand, And their argument is sound, As e'er was heard in Parliament, In the Valley they've the name, Of having gained the fame, For the greatest men of learning. Ta-ra-ra! There is Mr V. and Mr C. And Mr W. and, Mr P. Whose powers are not gainsaid. Besides others I can't name, But, my friends, it's all the same, For they're all wise men of learning. Ta-ra-ra! Let us rally round the standard, So that they may be heard, By every man and woman in thttown. Then will our ways- be changed, And our ideas all arranged, Then we'll all be men of learning. Ta-ra-ra ! . ' The first subject vvtuch will come before the literary and debating society this ses sion is " Should the franchise be extended to women." Orators in parliament and out of it have belched forth their eloquence upon this subject for a long time since, but without much effect, at least in Victoria, for the antagonistic element is yet too strong to ailow of anything practicable be ing done. However, all reforms have taken time in their accomplishment, and perhaps the dawn of a new era in the poli tical life of Victoria, when we will be able .to take our sisters, sweethearts and wives to the polling booth to record their votes, - is not far distant. The opponents of the movement I am told are very strong in Tatura, and, unless the ladies are present in large numbers to defend the cause which affects them most, perhaps things may go hard with the affirmative side of the sub ject. It is to be hoped that the opponents of the movement will give some reasonable arguments in support of their views, and not the old hackneyed ones' which are as ancient as the hills. I am an admirer of the fair sex, as everyone must be who has not a heart of stone, and although in her hours of ease she may be " Uncertain, coy, and hard to please," still it may be said with as much certainty that " When pain and anguish rack the brow, A ministering angel thou." Not only with the more common incidents of daily life, but also with the more serious and weighty is woman capable of exercising her gifts, as many of our men of mark will acknowledge. Therefore, if she has the gifts why not use them for the good of her kind ? It is not often that in these days we hear of the appearance of ethereal beings upon this terrestrial planet. For a long time past they have been absent from us, either performing their duties of warning people of the wrath- to come in new fields, or hovering around Jupiter or Mars, or that land with golden streets beyond the region of the stars. Be that as it may — for it con cerns we humans very little where these beings clothed in mystic whiteness take up their abode — in the Goulburn Valiey we had begun to think that we were all good, and needed not the warning voice of the mysterious messenger. But now we are rudely awakened from our long slumber, for " In the witching hour of night, When churchyards yawn and graves give up their dead," a spirit from the unknown regions is seen not far from Tatura. The people who saw it were so frightened that they sent for the police, and the latter fired at the sup posed ghost, but without any effect. It is said that the visitor shows his presence by a light which he carries about with him. The people living near the place where the spirit has been seen believe that he is a messenger from heaven, and have been re penting in sackcloth and ashes. 