THE SUBURBAN GHOST. Some uneasiness has been created among residents of Richmond by the appearanoo of tho miaohicvous idiot who has been figuring in tho northern Buburbs. The " ghost" was sosn in three different parts of Richmond 011 Friday night, its movemsnts boitig oharaotetised by a remarkable celerity of pace. The first intima tion regarding it was received from a youth who was badly frightened in a small, dark thoroughfare branching off Punt- road, opposite the Riohmond orioket ground. Ho states that he first observed in tho distance tho figure of a man ia a soft black hat and big overcoat of tho same color, moving along at about tlio pneo of a bicyclist. When within about 10 yardB of him tho figure whirled round and, throwing open the - great coat, exhibited tho words, "Praparo to meet thy doom" in luminous paint. Ths youth, aghast with fright, stood motionless, whilo the figure it sped noiselessly towards the Yarra Park. Half an hour later— a fow minutes to 12 o'olook— tho night watchman in Eimpaon's-road felt, some thing wlihik past him at great speed, and saw a dark object- disappear into a thorough fare on tho opposite sido of tho street. lie fol lowed, and was just in timo to seo it scale a fence over 6 fcot high. -La'ter" on Constable Conro'y encountered -tho . same figuro at the imterseotion of Highett and Lennox streets, North Richmond, but it darted off into Soparation-sticot at a. spoed that is estimated by ths constable at 20 miles'an hour. Conroy as soon as tho figure moved gaessed what it was, and callod out; "Stop, or I'll fire," but tho throat -was unheeded. He stato, " I wna well within shooting range, but I hail no revolver with . me. The figure seemed to move along in leaps and bounds of from 12 to 15 feot, making no sound i bovond a alight clinking from somothing attaohed to it, feat or legs. I ran my hardest, .but I was outpaced after I had gone about 100 'yards. I saw the object draw up near a gas lamp, a quarter of a mile ahead, and I got within 25 yArds of it, again calling out, ' If you -don't stand I'll fire.' In a moment tbe object had -disappeared from view." It is generally believed that tho masqucrnder's rate of speed is duo to an apparatus after the principle of roller skates, with pneumatio tires to the rollers. 