A Fair Spiritu~ ist; OR A WOMAN'S VICTORY, \--0o- By "ERICA," Author of "More Than Coronets.' [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER V.-(Contlnued). h The girl's conduct has been a great a trouble to me." Miss Caterwall was say . "If she had stayed with me for a hew years longer I should not have minded so much ; but to leave me in 5tat heartless way when I was becom- C e really attached to her ! I know is foolish to feel any regard for sorkpeople; they are so disappointingly e cgrateful. But, then, I have such a cringing nature." 11 'Who has been Ill-treating Miss C Caterwall?" asked Royal Boomeraft, g ?:to voce, of Gay Furnell. -Mary, the parlor maid !" Gay an swered. "Mary says. that as Miss Ceterwall will not give her the rise of , wages she promised her that she may a as well marry the butcher." it "She must be a courageous young r Fwman to marry such a sanguinary character." The speaker was a tall, very hand- f so me young man of about twenty-two c years. He had regular Grecian features, a an olive complexion, keen, dark eyes. s very white, even teeth, which he was a fond of showing, and glossy, wavy s hair. With his shine of hair, teeth, and eyes, he looked all glitter, especially 0 when he was speaking, for he had an arnimated, decisive manner,whlch would t have seemed a trifle overbearing but r that he counteracted it with a smile. which he Intended to be winning, and t which many people found captivating. e Noting his handsome face, and strong igure instinct with manly grace, his mellow tones, and bright conversational d powers, it was easy to understand that tb title-that of the " Lady Killer " was an appropriate one. Few women could resist his fascina tions when he chose to exercise them; t and the few were those who required more than mere external beauty in their H tals. He was trying the best he knew to render himself attractive to Gay Fur tell. for he had a strong liking for the fortune she was likely to inherit, as well as a decided regard for the young lady herself, the latter a regard being the lesser, for he loved money. Gay was Captain Furnell's ward and heiress. She was that orphan child of s the former friend of his who had saved g his life in the Elephants Caves, and lost his own in doing so. Gay was boably dear to him; was, Indeed, almost the idol of his life. She was a blue-eyed, delicate-looking girl, with fair hair, which crisped, and curled, and waved, and did everything possible to hair except lie straight. Her expression was gentle, vivacious, and sweet; her figure slender and girlish, and her movements unstudledly graceful, so that she looked a fitting l$d well-matched companion to the handsome Royal Boomcraft, who sat beside her now, watching the play of light and shadow upon her beautiful face from the waving greenery of the bank of trees above them, with more tlan a passing interest. "I must get her promise to-day," he said to himself. "This is no time to play fast and loose. Not that Went- t worth has the ghost of a chance, what ever he may think about it." Frank Wentworth, the quiet-looking man, the third gentleman of the party, had glanced once or twice 'at Royal, whom he knew slightly, and more than once or twice at Gay, whom he would I have liked to know better-well enough to call sweetheart, and wife, in fact; and then became converted to his rival's opinion-that when Royal was in 1 Miss Gay's company, Frank WTentworth was not worth looking at. lie resigned himself to the inevitable, and gave himself up to the easy and pleasant task of amusing the younger girls, some dozen of whom and himself Be.t off presently upon an exploring eypediti,n. while' Royal and Gay mtounted the grass-clothed bank near by for the purpose of looking at the vie,-. as Royal mentioned expressly, and Miss Caterwall went into senti Ine:ial agonies over a bone that the incoming tide had carried to the feet Of tho party. 'Where lies the shipwrecked mariner t?oW fi whom this sad relic once formed pact:" she asked in deep sadness of the inlts and waves. As those elements did not reply, the august lady leaned back and gazed into Vacancy with wrapt earnestness. lier pupils watched her with absorbed interest. They knew what was occur ring-she was going to make some ?etry. They had witnessed her do it before. Meantime Captain Furnell took up the bone, one glance at which assured him that it was the phalange of a horse, or Perhaps of that humbler beast of burden, the donkey, and poised it in his hand thoughtfully. He was thinking of Gay, and of Royal, his grandson thinking anuiously that his grandson bad a plan to rob him of his ward. Presently Miss Caterwall finished writing in her note-book, and closed her eyes with an air of exhausted relief. "Oh, ,ri read it to us, dear Miss Caterwall ! tNow. please do!" arose In a chorus of young ladies' voices. "Oh, now please! Your poetry is so beauti 'My loves ! Pray spare me! I could 1ot do so, really-in Captin Furnell's hearing, at all events." "Then I will read it, instead," raid Captain Furnell, possessing himself of the scrap of paper gallantly, for he saw that this was exactly what Miss Cater all wished him to do. But do you really think that it is part : a drowned sailor, Captain?" asked tl Youngest lady. '"No, my dear, I think it is part of a hoc'-s foot or of a dog'st itis certainly 1o human relic." "How terrible the bed of the ocean yt aepear with the remains of the drw;vnsed pIaple!" shuddered another e? erudite young lady. Iimpossible," Captain Furnell, an 0 r 0d with a smile; "the great den lity of dre.p sea water reduces all sub Otance. cthuman remains and all other) to oli conditions, as deep sea sound r, have prored." "llut do read the poetry." the chorus Thus reminded of the sacred leaf he (433, held in his hand, Captain Furnell read d as follows : "Frail. mortal relic of the dead. Calm lying on the ocean bed Ten thousand fathoms deep. What mermen's legends could'st thou t tell, Could'st thou but stand alive and well, Wakened from thy long sleep ?" And so on through two more stanzes, a each deeper than the last. "Poetical language is allowed a little licence. you know. Captain." Miss Caterwall simpered, after the eulo gisms of the young ladies had sub sided. "Quite so, madam ; the verses show great depth, if you will allow me to say so," Captain Furnell answered, re ferring to the ten thousand fathoms, and privately wondering whether turn ing fact into unfact was the rhymester's privilege and licence. SHe would have himself liked to take an elderly gentleman's licence in the form of a siesta, for the air was still, calm and warm, and verse-reading has a soporific tendency,but "if you will pre sent yourself at picnics, you must be as youthful as you can, old friend," he said to himself, acting upon which In ward prompting he escorted Miss Caterwall on her way to join the juni ors of the party, listening the while to her inane efforts to be sprightly and in tellectual in her talk with praiseworthy l patience. Meanwhile his grandson was upon the cliff above, looking at the view of Gay's blue eyes, and not finding quite what he hoped to see therein. " Why did you not bring Lina to day?" Gay was asking. "I could not persuade her to it. She had appointed to be at a spiritualistic seance this afternoon. All her spare enthusiasm is given to the investiga tion of spiritualism lately, much to the exclusion of mundane enjoyments. "I shall certainly ask to go, too, when I come home." "When does that happy' event take place?" - "In a month from now-at midsum mer." "It has been simple barbarity to the Captain to keep you at school so long. Do you not think so?" "No, I do not. Barbarians do not send their wards to school at all. My guardian is incapable of barbarity. I "Where you are concerned, I know," said Royal. rather bitterly. Gay felt 4 the change in his tone, and became serious. "Dear Royal. it is not my fault," she said, in a timidly protesting way. "If I could have my way you and Lina 1 should be first with and everything to him." "I know, dear, and if you only will you can be the means of causing a per fect re-union between grandfather and myself." Here he took her hand and placed it within his arm caressingly, "but if you are going to marry that Wentworth fellow "Dear me, Royal ! You talk as if I were the clergyman licensed to marry. If I were do you know upon whom I would perform the ceremony first?" "Miss Caterwall, I suppose, and quite time." "No ; you and Lina. The arrange ment would be so charmingly suitable; everybody says so." "I suppose then that Lina and I are nobodies, for neither of us says so. Lina will always be what she always has been to me- as a sister-nothing more." "And she so beautiful and so clever You show a wonderful absence of good taste, Royal." "No, dear, for it is you whom I wish to have for a wife : you before all other women in the world." "Gay, you know, you must know my mind and heart ; you must have known it this long time, must have seen that my heart is yours entirely." "Do not say me nay ! Think. too, that our marriage would be the most ef fectual meansofreconciling grandfather and myself-not that I want his pro perty. I do not need it. having plenty of my own. And, then, I love you, Gay, dearest. Come, look up, and give me the answer I shall so greatly rejoice to hear. I want my old playfellow for my wife." He took her other hand and looked down at her with well simulated an slety. In reality he could not conceive the possibility of Gay ,or any other young lady refusing Royal Boomcraft; and his thoughts passed complacently on to rest for a few moments upon the contemplation of those additional thou sands of pounds which would be in his keeping when Gay should be his wife. Gay looked at him deprecatingly, but answered without an instant's hesita tion. "Royal. I am so very much grieved that you should have spoken in this way to me. for I cannot give you the answer you wish to hear. I hoped we might be friends always, and now, It seems,. I must make you angry." "You will not refuse me, Gay!" "I must, Indeed, Royal. I am not wishing to marry." "Then, it Is because you have that Wentworth fellow on your mind. I sus ipected it at first." "I have no more right to think of Mr Wentworth than you have to men tion his name," Gay answered, with a dignity that became her very well: "and I must beg of you to refrain from 1 doing so." Royal was very angry, with the slow, cruel anger of an implacable man. His pride, not his affection, was wounded: he believed so thoroughly in his own attractions of person and manner that he had not considered a refusal of his t offer to be within the limits of pos I sibility; and as he was naturally vin dictive it was natural for him to feel I vindictively towards this girl whom he had honored with an offer of his hand. He made two resolves : She should accept him. He would retaliate upon her for her refusal of him. He threw the whole force of his will power into his eloquent dark eyes. and exclaimed in a voice apparently trem bling with the deepest emotion, " Gay, my darling! Can it be that you will send me from you heart sbroken and hopeless? Think again, for 1ity's sake, dear one! You cannot e know what your refusal will be to me. \- Gay, think again." But souls can never be attracted to c sympathy by simulated feeling. Gay a was distressed, but she remained firm. e Not that she accused him of acting : she thought him sincere and reproached i herself that she could not respond as F he wished. f " Say no more, Royal. I can never be t yours; but I do hope that you will be able to forgive me very soon." i She held out her hand and looked ° beseechingly at him. her clear blue eyes filled with tears. " Gay, dear Gay ! be persuaded." d He took her in his arms. and would I. have pressed his lips to hers, but she F wrenched herself away, angry now, as f well as distressed. n Then for one instant each made a e truthful reading of the heart of the n other. In her eyes he saw an in- t domitable refusal; in his she read morti- c flied pride, and a desire for revenge. U'p to that time she had seen much k in him to like and admire; from that p time forward she thought of him only with dislike. As for Royal. his love, or the feeling c which did duty for it. turned to hatred I and desire for revenge. CHAPTER VI.-THE SON OF HIS FATHER. TWhen they at length descended to the shore, they found that a serious accl dent had happened to Miss Caterwall. She had tumbled plumply into a pretty deep pool of water which had been left by the receding tide. This had taken the starch out of her green flounces. and the poetical vein from her mind and conversation at one and the same time, and she could only express her senti ments now in remarkably peevish prose so it was hastily decided that she must drive home at once. This she sldid. insisting that the en tire number of her pupils should ac company her, to their great grief and vexation, one of the daring ones re marking that it is almost as bad to - be cut off in the midst of your pic-nic as in the midst of your sins. Gay, however, who was in her I guardian's care, received gracious per mission to follow in less hasty fash- I ion, so she stood and Captain Furnell strolled schoolwards into Geelong at their leisure, accompanied by Royal Boomcraft and Frank Wentworth. Later the two younger gentlemen would take train into Melbourne, near which they both lived. Royal made no further attempt to monopolise Gay. but attached himself to his grandfather, while she walked on with Mr Wentworth. "How did it all happen ?" Gay ask ed, referring to Miss Caterwall's un fortunate adventure. "The little ones and myself had found a recess in the rocks about half a mile away, accessible except at high tide. Miss Caterwall made her appearance in search of the lambs of her flock at the very time the tide was at flood, and slipped into the water as she was being assisted round a projecting part of the cliff by Captain Furnell." That night two whispered legends floated upon the circumambient air that circulated above Dora Pusill's-the daring young lady's-counterpane. Mr Boomeraft had proposed to Gay Furnell and had been accepted by her. Miss Caterwall had proposed to Cap tain Furnell. and had been declined by him. The first-mentioned legend, gaining the greater amount of credence on the whole, a deputation, headed by Dora, waited upon Gay a day or two after wards with a carefully-worded speech of congratulation, which had been writ ten out upon a slate and learned by heart by the spokeswoman, who, meeting the twinkle of Gay's eyes, straightway forgot every word of it, and threw herself into Gay's arms with the ignominious words, "Gay, dear ! we are all so sorry you are going. Won't you have me for a bridesmaid ?" "I am not going to be married, you foolish child. I am going to stay with my guardian when I leave school. What made you think I should be want ing bridesmaids ?" "Oh, because Mr Boomcraft wore such lovely patent-leather boots and such a : sweet-looking maize-colored tie ; and he was looking at' you just like the lover in the picture of ' Sweet hearts' in last week's 'Graphic.' " "People are not always what they seem, Dora. For instance, you look like a -practical child instead of a very fanciful one." "I am so glad, Gay. When girls are married they forget all their old school fellows." Captain Furnell was glad also when he heard that his grandson had not suc ceeded in gaining Gay's affections, and not altogether upon selfish grounds. "A shallow-pated, money- grubbing fellow, like his father ! He would be ill-suited to my unworldly, true-hearted little Gay: He would never appreciate the child, and his hard ways would crush all the happiness out of her life. No ! That would not do at all." Whereby the fact will be inferred that Royal Boomcraft was no favorite with Captain Furnell. Years before, when Caroline Furnell, the captain's only child, was sixteen years of age, she was persuaded into a runaway marriage by James Boom craft, the money-lender, a man whom the captain refused to receive as a guest or acknowledge as an acquaintance, his character and occupation being alike obnoxious to him. The captain became reconciled to his daughter some time after the mnarriage, but never to her husband, whose ill treatment of her amply justified the captain's antipathy. Poor Caroline died, and her death was followed a few months afterwards by that of her husband. Their one child-Royal-resembled his father in features and disposition, which circumstance shut him out effec tually from Captain Furnell's afection. In the boy he saw the youthful counter part of the man who had led his daugh ter into duplicity ; who had repaid her fidelity to himself with harshness and cruelty, and who had esteemed no sys tem of trickery and fraud too mean to pursue, pirovided it brought him gain. 1 Royal Boomeraft. therefore, finessed : for his grandfather's liking and regard I with very indifferent success. He would have succeeded better if he had tried straightforwardness instead of finesse. 1 The captain was perfectly well aware that while he disclaimed his late father's occupation, he pursued it, secretly, with great zest. But he could not or would not repu diate Royal entirely, so the boy had been a frequent visitor at his grand \- father's house, and had been appre Sciated as a playfellow by Gay up to the time of her being sent to Miss Cater wall's school at Geelong. t Royal lived with an elder sister of his Sfather's, a woman who came as near being a nonenity as a living woman can. She recogntsed two daily duties S--that of eating a luncheon and dinner of generous quantity and luxurious quality ; that of making up the house accounts. These duties being perform ed, she went to sleep over a book or a pretence of fancy-workwithout concern ing herself very greatly about the ne phew and niece, who. with herself and four servants, constituted the house hold Inmates of the handsome house situated upon the Farra bank, in which house they lived, and which was part of Royal's inheritance from his father. The niece. Adeline Samson, was Miss r.oomcraft's sister's child, an orphan dependant who atoned for her aunt's lack of energy by managing Royal's house affairs in a most admirable fashion, and who aspired to the ma nagement of Royal himself. This, how ever, was denied to her, that gentleman maintaining his right most thoroughly. to manage, not only himself, but his cousin also. Miss Boomcraft, the aunt. had been known to declare in one of her rare periods of animation, that it was a. dis graceful shame of Captain Furnell to harbor a strange girl to the exclusion of his own grandson : but the good lady's sleepy wrath made no difference to the fact thath Gay queened it entirely in Captain Furnell's home as well as in his affections. He had openly adopted her, had caused her to be called by his name. and had made no secret of the fact that she was to be his heiress. Royal had politically made the best of this to himself bad matter, and had paid court to the young lady from his boy hood upwards, which was perhaps one reason why she had no love for him. and only a very moderate amount of affectionate regard. She had, however, a passionate liking for Lina Sansom. a clever, queenly girl, with splendid dark eyes, and a persua sive manner, a manner which concealed a dangerous disposition, much as the death-dealing foot of a pantheress Is covered with velvet. Lina's heart was a shrine which held one idol-Royal : she had one ambition -to matke herself pleasing and neces sary to Royal; and one object in life to win the affections of Royal ; there fore, she hated Gay, in whom she re cognised a dangerous rival, with fervid hatred ; but she could dissemble well, so Gay had no comprehension of her real sentiments. and gave her the on stinted affections of a very warm heart. Gay was just twenty years of age on the day of the picnic, and was more wisely sensible than many women of double her age, or than some women are at any age. She had her weak points, however, one of them being a disposition to un derrate her own powers. Also, she was slightly superstjtious. very dreamy and imaginative with a con science ultra-sensitive, and a nervous, highly-strung temperament. Noticing her placidity of manner and quiet, reserved speech, people generally did not suspect her depth of feeling, her capacity to reach the heights of happiness and the depths of pain ; how susceptible she was to all influences of joy and sorrow ; how receptive of good and beneficent influences of any kind: how prone to hero-worship, which was taking the form of heroine-worship in its latest development-innocent ado ration of an unworthy object. To give Lina Sansom, her old com panion, credit for being as good as she was beautiful, was an error for Gay to make, for it is common with all of us to measure the good and ill quali ties of other people by our own, espe cially those for whom we have a re gard. As "to the pure all things are pure," so to the honorable and high minded all their fellow-creatures are honorable and high-minded, until they discover them to be otherwise. Need less to say, how painful the awakening. (To be Continued.) 