(Sen era! <®1 eatiing 0 . The Pope's Letter. To the English People. (From the Times.) W e have heard with singular joy of the great attention which is being given in England to the solution of the social question, of which We have treated with much care in Our Ency clicals, and of the establishment of benefit and similar societies, whereby on a legal basis the condition of the working classes is improved. And we have heard of the vigorous and perse vering efforts made to preserve for the people at large an education based on religious teaching thm which there is no firmer foundation for the instruc tion of youth and the maintenance of domestic life and civil polity ; of the zeal and energy with which so many engage in forwarding opportune mea- suies for the repression of the degrad ing vice of intemperance ; of societies formed among the young men of the upper classes for the promotion of purity of morals and for sustaining the honour dne to womanhood. For, alas ! in regard to the Chiistian virtue of continence pernicious views are subtly creeping in, as though it were believed that a man was not so strietly bound by the precept as a woman. Moreover, reflecting men are deeply concerned at the spread of Rationalism and Ma'ir- ialism, and We Ourselves have often lifted up Our voice to denounce these evils, which weaken and paralyse not religion only, but the very springs of thought and action. the highest credit is due to those who fearlessly and unceasingly pro claim the rights of God and of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the laws and teachings given by him for the estab lishment of the Divine kingdom here upon earth ; in the which teachings alone strength, wisdom, and safety are to be found. The various and abund ant manifestations of care for the aged, for orphans, for incurables, for the destitute, the refuges, reformatories, and other forms of charity, all which the Church as a tender Mother inau gurated and from the earliest times has ever inculcated as a special duty, are evidences of the spirit which ani mates you. Nor ean We omit to men tion specially the strict public obser vances of Sunday and the general spirit of respect for the Holy Scriptures. Every one knows I he power and re sources of the British nation and the civilizing influence which with the spread op liberty accompanies its commercial prosperity even to the most remote regions. But, worthy and noble in themselves as are all these varied manifestations of activity, Our soul is rai-ed to the origin of all power and the perennial source of all good things, to God Our Heavenly Father, most beneficent. Fot the la'oou s of man, wheth' r pub lic or private, will not attain to their full eflicacy without appeal to God in prayer and without the Divine blessing. " For happy is that people whose God is the Lord" (Ps. cxliii. 15.) For the mind of the Christian, should be so turned and fixed thht he places and and rests the chief hope of his under takings in the Divine help obtaim d by prayer, whereby human effort is super- naturalized and the desire of doing good, as though quickened by a heavan- ly fire, manifests it elf in vigorous and serviceable actions. In this power of prayer God has not merely dignified man, but with infinite mercy has given him . . a protection and help in the time of need, ready at hand to all, easy and void of effect to no one who h >s resolute re course to it. " Prayer" is our powerful weapon, our great protection, our storehouse, our port of refuge, our place of safaty " (Chrys. Horn. 30 in Gen.). But if the prayer of the right eous man rightly avail so much with God even in earthly concerns, how much more will it not avail one who is destined to an external existent e for obtaing those spiritual blessings which Christ has procured for mankind by "the sacrament of His mercy." For He " Who of God is made unto us wisdom and justice and f-anctification and redemption " (I. Cor. i. 30), in addition to what He taught, instituted, »nd affected gave aiso foe this purpose the salutary precept of prayer and in Bis great goodness confirmed it by His example. These simple truths are in deed known to every Christian, but still by many they are neither remem bered or valued as they should be. It is for this reason that We insist the more strenuously on the confidence which should be placed in repair and recall the words and example of the Fatherly lore of the Bame Chirst Our L ird ; words of deepest import and highest encouragement ; words also which show forth how in the counsels of God prayer is at the same time the expression of our helplessness and the sure hope of obtaining the strength we need. " And I say to you, Ask and it shall be given you; seek and you shall find ; knock and it shall be open to you ; for every one that asketh, re- c iveth ; and he that seeketh, findeth ; and to him that kuocketh it shall be opened " (Luke 'xi. 9, 10). Aud the Son of God Himself shows us that if our prayers are to be acceptable to the Divine Majesty they must be united with His Ni«me and Merits. " Amen, amen, I say to you if you ask the Father anything in My name, He will give it you. Hitherto you have not asked anything in my name. Ask and you shall receive that your joy may be full" (John xvi. 23, 24). And He_ enforces this by reference to the tender love of parents for their own children. " If you, then, being evil," He says, " know how to give good gifts to your children how much more will your Father from Heaven gue the good Spirit to them that ask Him " (Luke xi. 13). and how abundant are nob the choice gi ts contained in that good Spirit. The greatest of them all is that hidden power of which Christ spoke when he said : "No man can come to Me except the Father who hath sent Me draw him " (John vi. 44). It is impossible that men ground ed in this teaching should not feel drawn and even impelled to the habit of faithful prayer. with what steady perseverence will they not practice it j with what fervour pursue it, having before them the very example of Christ Himself, Who, having nothing to fear for Himself and needing nothing, for He was God, yet passed the who e night in prayer (Luke vi. 12), and with a strong cry and tears offered up prayers and supplications (Heb. v. 7), and doing this " He wished to stind pleading before His Father as if re membering at that time that He was Our teacher," as Vemrable Bede, that ornament of Our nation, wisely con siders (in ev. S. Joann xvii.). But nothing proves so clearly and lorcibly both the precept and the example of Our Divine Lord in regard to prayer as His last discourse to the Apostles during those sad moments that preceded His Passion, when, rais ing His eyes to Heaven, He again and again entreated His Holy Father, praying and beseeching Him for the most intimate union of His disciples and followers in the truth, as the most convincing evidence to the world of the Divine mission on which He was about to send them. And here no thought is more welcome to Our soul than tha-i happy unity of Faith and wills for which our Redeemer and Divine Master prayed in that earnest supplication — a unity which, if useful at times even for temporal interests, both at home and abroad, is shown by the very divisions and confusions of these days, to be more than ever need ful. We on Our part, watching the signs of the times, exorting and taking thought, for the future, urged thereto by the example of Christ and the duty of Our Apostolic Office, have not ceased to pray, and still hum lily pray, for the return of Christian nations, now divided from us, to the- unity of former days. We have more than once of late years given expression to \- tbis object of Our desires, and have devoted sedulous care- to its realiza tion . THE TIME CANNOT BE FAR DISTANT when We must appear to render an account of Our Stewardship to the 7 Prince of Pastors, and how happy, how blessed should We be if ' We could 0 bring to Him some fruit — f=ome rea lization of these Our wishes which He has inspired and sustained. In these days our thoughts turn with love and hope to the English people, observing, as we do, the frequent and manifest works of Divine Grace in their midst ; how to some, it is plain, the confusion of religious dissensions which divide them is a cause of deep concern ; how others see clearly the need of some sure defence against the inroad of modern errors, which only too readily humour the wishes of fal len nature and depraved reason ; how the number of those religious and dis creet men, who sincerely labour much for reunion with the Catholic Church, is increasing. We can hardly say how strongly these and other signs quicken the charity of Christ in Us, and re doubling Our prayers from Our in most soul we call down a fuller mear sure of Divine Grace, which, poured out on minds so well disposed, may is sue in the ardently desired fruit — the fruit namely, that We may all meet in to the unity of Faith and of the Knowl edge of the Son of God, (Eph. iv. 13), careful to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace, one body and one Spirit ; an you are called in one hope of your calling — one Lord, one faith, one baptism, (lb. 3-5). With loving heart, then, WE TURN TO YOU ALL IN ENGLAND, to whatever community or institution you may belong, desiring to recall you to this holy unity. We beseech you, as you value your eternal salvation, to offer up humble and continuous prayer to God, Our Heavenly Father, the Giver of all Light, who with gentle power impels us to the good and the right ; and without ceasing to implore light to know the truth in all its ful ness and to embrace the designs of His mercy with single and entire faithful ness, calling upon the glorious name and merits- of Jesus Christ, Who is " the author and finisher of our faith " (Heb. xii. 2), Who loved the Church and delivered Himself for it that He might sanctify it and might present it to Himse f a glorious Church (Eph. v. 25-27). Difficulties there may be for us to face, but -they are not of a nature which should delay Our Apostolic zeal or stay ) our energy. Ah, no doubt the many changes that have come about, and time itself, have caused the existing divisions to take deeper root. But IS THAT A REASON TO GIVE UP ALL HOPE OF REMEDY, RECONCILIATION, AND PEACE ? By no means if God is with us. For we must not judge of such great issues from a human standpoint only, but rather must we look to the power and mercy of God. In great and arduous enterprises, provided they are under take » with an ernest and. right intent, God stands by man's side, and it is pre cisely in these difficulties that the ac tion of His Providence shines forth with greatest splendour.- The time is not far distant when thirteen centuries will have been completed since the English race welcomed the Apostolic men sent, as We have said, from this very city of Rome, and, casting aside the-pagan deities, dedicated the first- fruits of its faith to Christ our Lord and God. This encourages Our hope. It is, indeed, an event worthy to be remembered with public thanksgiving ; WOULD THAT THIS OCCASION MIGHT BRING TO ALL REFLECTING MINDS the memory of the faith then preached to yon r ancestors, the same which is now preached — Jesus Christ, yesterday, to day, and the same for ever, as the apostle says (Heb. xiii. 8). who also most opportunely exhorts you, as he does all, to remember those fir6t preach ers whQ' have spoken the word of God," to you whose faith follow, considering the end of their conversion (lb . 7). In such a cause We, first of all,- call to Our assistance aB Our Allies the Catho lics of England, whose faith and piety we know by experience. There can be no doubt that, weighing earnestly the value and effects of holy prayer, the virtue of which We have truly declared, thoy will strive by every means to succour their fellow countrymen and brethren by invoking in their behalf the Divine clemency. To pray for oneself is a need, to pray for others is a counsel of brotherly love ; and it is plain that it is not prayer dictated by necess ity so much as that inspired by fraternal charity which will find most favour iu the sight of God. The first- Christians undoubtedly adopted this practice. Especially in all that pertains to gift of faith the early ages set us a scribing example. Thus it was- the custom to pray to God with ardour that relations, friends, rulers, and. fellow-citizens, might be blessed by a mind obedient to the Christian faith (St. Aug. de donopersev. xxiii. 63.) AND IN REGARD TO THIS THERE IS ANOTHER MATTER WHICH GIVES US ANXIETY. We have heat d that in England there nre some who, being Catholics in name, <lo not show themselves so in practice ; and that in your great towns there are vast numbers of people who know not the elemonts of the Christian faith who never pray to God, and live in ignorance of His justice and of His mercy. We must pray to God, and pray yet more earnestly in this sad condition of things, since He alone can effect a remedy. May he show the measures proper to be taken, may He sustain the courage and strength of those who labour at this arduous task, may He deign to send labourers into His harvest. Whilst We so earnestly press npon Our children the duty of prayer, We desire at the same time to warn them that they should not suffer themselves to be want ing in anything that pertains to the grace and the fruit of prayer, and that tliey should have ever before their minds the precept of the Apostle Paul to the Corinthians : " Be without offence to the Jews aud to the Gentiles, and to the Church of God" (I. Cor. x. 32). For besides those interior dispositions f soul necessary for lightly offering prayer to God, it is also needful that they should be accompanied by actions and by words befitting the Christian profession — first of all, and chiefly, the exemplary .observance of uprightness and justice, of pitifulness for the poor, of penance, of peace and concord in your own houses, of respect for the. law — THESE ARE WHAT WILL GIVE FORCE AND EFFICACY to your prayers. Mercy favours the pe titions of those who in all justice study and carry out the precepts of Cbri6t, ac cording to His promise : 44 If you abide in Me, and My words abide in you, you shall ask whatever you will and it shall be done unto you " (John xi. 7). And therefore do We exhort you that, unit ing your prayer with Ours, your great desire may now be that God will grant you to welcome your fellow citizens and brethren in the bond of perfect charity. Moreover, it iB profitable to implore the help of the Saints of God, the efficacy of whose prayers, specially in such a cause as this, is showa in that pregnant remark of St. Augustine as to St. Stephen ; If holy Stephen had not prayed the Church to-day would have had.no Paul. We therefore humbly call on St. Gregory, whom the English have ever rejoiced to greet as the Ap ostle of their racp, on Augustine his disciple aud his messenger, and on those other Saints of God, through whose wonderful virtues and no less wonderful deeds England has merited the title of 44 ISLAND OF THE SAINTS on St. Peter and St. George, those special patrons, and above all on Mary the Holy Mother of God, whom Christ Himself from the Cross left to be the mother of mankind, to whom your king dom was dedicated by your forefathers under that glorious title, ,J The Dowry of Mary." All these with fall confi dence We call upon to be Our pleaders before the Throne of God that, renewing the glory of ancient days, He may " fil you with all joy and peace in believing that you may abound in hope and in the power of the Holy Ghost " (Rom . xv. 13). Care should be taken that the. prayers for unity already ESTABLISHED AMONGST YOU CATHOLICS ON CERTAIN FIXED DAYS should be made more popular and re cited with greater devotion. Especially that the pious practice of the Holy Rosary, which We Ourselves have so Btrongly recommended, should flourish, for it contains, as it were, a summary of the Gospel teaching and has always been a most salutary institution for the people at large Moreover, We are pleased of Our own will and authority to add still another to the saered Indulgences which have been granted from time to time by Our predeoessors. We grant, that is, to all those who piously recite the prayer appended to this letter, to what ever nation they may belong, an Indul gence of 300 days ; moreover, a plenary indulgences once a month on the obser vance of the usual conditions to those who have recited it daily. Finally, may the Divine prayer of Christ Himself for unity fill np the full measure of Oar deeires, a prayer which on this day, through the Mystery of His most Holy Resurrection, We repeat with the utmost c ntidence : " Uoly Father, keep them in Thy name whom Thou hast given Me : that they may be one as We also are one. . . , Sanctify them in truth. Thy word is troth. . . . And not for them only do I pray bat for them aUo who through their word shall believe in Me, that all may be one as Thou, Father, in Me, aud I in Thee, that they also may be one in Us. . . . I in them and Thou in Me ; that they may be made perfect in one; and the world mny know that Tliou hast sent Me and hast loved them as Thon hast also laved Me." (John xvii. 11, 17 20, 21, 23). Finally, WE DESIRE ALL MANNER OF BLE88INGS FROM GOD FOR THE WHOLE BR1TI8H PEOPLE, and with all Oar heart. We pray that those who seek the Kingdom of Christ and salvation in the unity of faith may enter on the full realization of their de sires. Given at St. Peter's in Rome, on the 14th day of April, 1895, in the 18th yenr of our Pontificate. TO THE BLESSED VIRGIN. Prayer for England. O Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God and Our roost gentle Queen and Mother, look down in mercy apon Eng land thy " Dowry" and upon in all who greatly hope and trust in thee. By thee it was that Jesus Oar Saviour and our hope was given unto the world ; and He has given thee to us that we might hope still more. Plead for us, thy children, whom thou didst receive and accept at the foot of the Cross. O sorrowful Mother, intercede for our 6ep- araied brethren, that with us in the one true fold they may be united to the Su preme Shepherd, the Vicar of thy Son. Pray for us all, dear Mother, that by faith fruitfql in good works w,e may all deserve to see and praise God, together with thee, in our Heavenly home. Amen. 