Farohmont has boon iu use sinco tho barliqst timos. London uses 200,000,000 gallons of water a.dav., . ' . . . Tho Inrgost- cntaraot ,in tho world is Niagara, noarly a rnilo wido. Thci highest waterfall is tho Yoso- mito in California, 2550 foot. , Tho doopost si|vor minos in Amorioa are tho Bomstook, 2700 foot. i ' Thq largest .building in tho . United Statos is tho Onpitol at Washington. The largest boll in tho world is in the Kremlin at Moscow, 430,000 pounds. The largOBt university is Oxford ; it haB twonty-ono oollogos and five halls. .'Tho largest American oity park is Fairmount nt Philadelphia, 2740 aoros. The most. extensive .minos are those of Saxony ; the gnllorias havo 123 miles of longtb. A talont is porfooted in solitudo; a ohnrnotor in'tiio streams of tho world. Miatross : " What did you do with tho mousotrap, Bridgot?' Bridget: I' I burat it up, mum. It was attract ing nil tho mioo in tho house." Littlo Georgia— " Papa, why do you say that tho pen is more powerful than tho sword?" Pnpa — "Beoauso you cannot sign cheques with a sword." "No, thank you, I've 'got some of my own," snid littlo Tommy, politoly, as tho contribution box passed in front of him on the occasion of his first visit to church. "What did you got at your last plaoe?" Now Oook— "A box of fflovos and sovornl piooos of nico jowollery ; but tho lady wont through my trunk and recovered them boforo I got away." Mr. Goff— " What sido of the stroot do you livo on ?" Witness — " On either sido. If you go ono way it is the right sido ; if you go tho other way it is on tho loft." "I don't understand you. A few minutos ago you said Meddlesome was a groat business man, and now you any ho doesn't know his own business." " Exactly ; ,other people's business is his speciality." " Hnvo you rocoivod an invitation to tho bachelors' ball ?" "Yos. I'm to bo. tho only girl -thoro." "What!" "Yos; ronlly. You know tho bncholors only had ono invitation apiece to send out, nnd I'vo rocoivod an invitation from each..". " I soe," snid Mrs. Wickwiro, " that two million boxos of oriingos woro frozen on tho tross in Florida. I don't' understand it." "Don't undorstnnd it," ochood" Mr. Wickwiro. "Tho statement is .plain onough." , "Yos; but do thoy grow iu boxos on tho troos?" ' . Thoro aro many mon who aro afraid of ghosts who have no foar of spirits. Actors, draughtsmen,' -'dentists and mustard plasters ought to draw well. " Did the doctor seam to understand Hioks' case?" "Yos, porfoctly; lio oollootod his money after each visit." Mrs. Watts — " Don't you ovor do anything at all?" Wonry Watkins— " Oh, yos, mum. Somotimos I doos time." A Now York lady has been proseou- tod for smoking a oignretto in the streets, Tho law is unwiso in this. Why interforo with a woman for doing anything that koBps her lips closed? 