The King's Talisman. X CHAPTER 111. STARTLING DEVELOPMENTS OP REG AX PLOTTING Darkness had succeeded to day, when Noureddin and his guides entered the palace, and after waiting a short time the youth was conducted into the king's presence. Modad sat upon an easy lounge of crimson and gold, raised upon a platform of ivory porphyry, with no attendants save two mutes, who stood one on each side of him. The atmosphere ,of the apartment was laden with the richest perfumes, and the monarch himself gave evident signs of the perfect abandon to which he resigned himself. At a sign from the king, the eunuchs who had conducted Noureddin to the palace withdrew, and the youth was motioned forward. For several moments the king gazed upon the noble form of the young man before him, as though ho sought to read his character from his looks, and once or twice a sort of shudder passed through Modad's frame, as ho met the keen, bold glance of the subject. Noureddin noticed his monarch's manner, and a vague idea of some sinister designs insinuated itself upon his mind ; bub fear was a stranger to his bosom, and banishing all needless surmises, he fastened his gaze steadily upon the king. 'v'Youare the son of Ali Kmah ? ' |.ft the king, at length, and after he fid sufficiently recognised the youth. / 'lam, my king,' returned Noured f din in a firm and manly tone. The monarch started from his lounge and the mutes instinctively laid their hands upon the hilts of their yataghans. Noureddin dropped his hand upon his sword-haft, but he moved not. Modad settled back into his former position, the mutes dropped their hands by their sides, and the youth awaited his monarch's pleasure, but not, however, without a feeling of astonishment and wonder at what had happened. ' Your father is not wealthy,' said the king, as he once more regained his composure. 'He is poor, sire — quite poor and honest.' ' Then methinks his son should assist him,' remarked Modad, strug gling hard to keep down the strange emotion that started up in his bosom ' My father, sire, has governed me as he thought proper. In all things I have obeyed his wishes.' ' That is well,' returned the king, who seemed to have thrown off the perturbation that had at Crst affected him; 'but I have an office for thee, which mav afford thee opportunity to repay thy father somewhat for the trouble of your education, for I have learned that your mind is well stored with early wisdom, and that vour limbs are well tuned to the use of the sword and javelin.' 'Sire,' modestly returned the youth, ' I shall deem it an honor to perform any honorable service for your majesty. You may command me.' The king may have hesitated a moment ere he answered, hut the hesitation was hardly perceptible. ' Young man,' lie said, ' the duty which I shall require of thee will be honorable, and thousands there be of my subjects who would gladly accept the office.' 'Then why not give it into the hands of some one who has moro ex perience than I have ?' 'The business I have to intrust to thv care,' replied the king, ' is one that requires tact and knowledge of a pecu liar kind, united to courage and indi vidual skill ; and from what I have learned of thee, I am confident that vou will be just the Derson. You can retire for the night, for I shall send for thea early in- the morning.' 'Then your majesty knows where my father lives ?' 'No.' ' Then how will you send for me ?' ' Ah, it is not my pleasure that you should leave the palace. Rooms are prepared for you near at hand, and you shall have a sufficient equipment.' Noureddin knew not what to make of this ; but as he often spent weeks together in the . mountains with his preceptor, ho had no fear that his father would be uneasy at his absence', aud, moreover, feeling a- kind of love of adventure creeping over him, he .readily assented to what was required of him, determined, however, that in case he found the business such as accorded not with his honor, he would drop ic. At a simple motion from the king, one of the mutes left his side, arid soon returned with three black eunuchs, who conducted the youth from the imperial presence. Noureddin was led through long corridors and sump tuous suites of apartments, displaying a scene of magnificence and grandeur such as he had never before seen or ? even conceived of, until at length he arrived at the place where he . was to take up his quarters for the night. After conducting him into the apart ment .where a richly covered bod was spread for his use, the eunuchs left him to himself. One of them, however, seemed to hang behind his companions, and betrayed an evident desire to stop, but as the eyes of the others were upon him, he hesitatingly followed them out. As soon as Noureddin was left.ulone, he began to reflect upon the strange circumstance that was now on the tapis ; but bis was a mind not given to fruitless conjecture, and after a little thought lie dismissed the subject from his tniud, save that, of course, the subject- matter formed tho principal objects of his thoughts; but lie saw onlv the past and present — the future lie loft to tho care of his God. Ten minutes might hare passed sinco tho door had closed upon the youth, when a light grating was heard, like the unbolting of a door beyond, and in a moment more the eunuch who had betrayed such evident desire to remain behind his companions, re entered the apartment. As lie closed tho door behind him, he gazed cautiously around, and then laying his finger upon his lips, he approached the bed and sat down upon it, motioning for Noureddin to do the same. ' Be quiet,' said the eunuch, in a low trembling tone, as the young man seated himself upon the edge of tho bed, ' for if I were to be found here, my head would be food for the eagles ere another sun. Be assured that I am your friend.' 'My friend!' repeated Noureddin, in surprise. ' And have I enemies ?j ' I know not that you have enemies, leturned the eunuch, with a peculiar emphasis. ' The lamb that we offer at the sacrifice has no enimies, and yet you well know its fate.' A shudder ran through tho young man's frame, but where-fore he know not. The eunuch continued : 'I know not that the- — the — You will be secret ?' ' Go on,' answered Noureddin, some what surprised at tho hesitation and strange manner of the visitor. ' If you are my friend, you need never fear that I will betray you, and if you are aught else than a friend you had better leave me.' ' You have move friends in Petra than you imagine,' returned tho eunuch, without seeming to notice the manner of his companion. ' T, among others, have promised to Abdali Nazor that I wmld watch over your interests. 'Why he asked tho duty of roe I know not, but I gave hi in my promise, aud I will fulfill it.' ' Go on, and trust me. as you would your own soul,' returned the youth, as he heard the name of his beloved tutor. 'He who comes from Abdah Nazor needs no other passport to my confidence.' ' Then,' resumed the eunuch, in a more confident manner, but stiil keeping his eyes and enrs open for the detection of approaching danger, ' I will inform you all that has come to my knowledge. I know not that the king meditates evil against you, but, still, circumstances have conspiied to make me think so.' ' But, surely,' interrupted Nc uredd'n. ' such cannot be the case, for until an hour since Modad never saw me, face to face, nor have I ever been ? ' ' Hold, a moment, young sir — I will soon explain the matter to your under standing, and then you can judge for yourself. The king of Khaibar lias threatened to march against our city, and even now he lias an army pre pared for that purpose, his only object being to possess himself of a portion of our wealth, of which he stands greatly in need. Modad dares not engage him.' ' Dares not engage him ! ' exclaimed Noureddin starting from his seat upon the bed, whilo a flush of indignation mounted to his brow. ' Do you mean to say that our Monarch dares not to engage the dastard Khaibarite king — that Modad shrinks from the defence of his city ? ' ' That-1 is the truth, my young master ; but I pray you speak not so loudlv, or we Bhall be over-heard.' ' But there must bo some cause for this,' said the young man, in a lower tone ; or is the base tyrant a still baser coward ? ' ' Modad is most assuredly a coward, ' returned the eunuch ; ' but still there is a deeper cause than that for his fear of fighting the king of Khaibar, though he thinks that none save himself and Ali-Bassa, his chief counsellor and ad viser, know of tho fact. For two thousand years there has been in the possession of our Monarchs a talisman, by the virtue of which they have ever been enabled to con quer their enemies ; and it is generally believed that no one can successfully lead our armies who does not possess it. When tho good king Merolboth died, the talisman was nowhere tp be found, though Modad gave out that he had it safely within his possession, and the people believe that he speaks the truth. The absence of this talisman has struck a dread to our king's soul, and without it he dares not fight his enemies.' ' And what is this wonderful talis man ?' ' It is a massive diamond, of such purity and brilliancy that oven at night it gleams like a star. It is set just above tlie visor of a golden helmet, and such is its power in the sunlight, that ho who would strike the king who wears it upon his brow is so completely blinded by its brilliancy as to lose tho aim of his stroke. Now neither the diamond nor the golden helmet has Modad ever possessed, and be dares not stand forth in defence of bis city, and consequently he lias made the most base and degrad ing overtures to bis enemy in purchase of peace.' 1 And does the king think to see me carry his designs into execution?' exclaimed Noureddin. ' Does he think to make mo a tool of his' baseness ?' 1 He certainly does,' replied the eunuch ; ' but ho has tempered his designs upon you with a little kindness, nevertheless.' ' Ah,' uttered . the young man, gaz ing into the dark face of hia'companion, with a good degree of curiosity. 'Yes,' calmly responded the black messenger, 'ho means not that you shall live to hear tho disgrace of the deed.' Noureddin started from the bedside', and his hand vested signifioantly upon his sword-liilt. .There was fire in his eye, and a proud flush upon his noble brow. ' Do you know tho nature of this message ?' ho at length asked. ' Yes. Modad has agreed to send to the Kliaiharite king two camels' loads of gold, and one of amethysts, pearls, rubies, and diamonds ; but the most villainous part of the compast is, that our monarch gives to the Eastern enemy one of our fairest virgins aR a t slave. S'.-lina, tho daughter of ;V1- t IWsn, t lie counsellor, is to bo the e victim, and the old man dave not oppose I: Modad's will. The king of Khaibar a has asked this latter sacrifice only to f humble the ? pride of our people s by holding one of their noblest-born g maidens at his pleasure. But to carry o out this plan, without exposing to the people the disgrace that was being cast t upon them, was no easy matter. Modad (I dared not intrust the business to any a of the officers of the city, for in c such ease his villainy would bjcomo t known ; so he has been for the' last five days seeking for a youth whose t parentage was obscure, and whose loss a would create no noise or excitement, t and who, at the' same time, was well t educated, brave, and of good address, t Such a one, you must be aware, was t hard to find ; but at lenath his emis- t saries brought him intelligence of you, '1 and he at once set' about finding you. To you, then, be intends to intrust the 1 business, and a party of some twenty 1 eunuchs, besides a number of bis £ trusty slaves, are also to accompany i you.' s ' Whose loss wonld create no noise !' thoughtfully murmured Noureddin to i himself, as his companion ceased speak- 1 ing. ' Then he does indeed med itate 1 my speedy exit from earth.' 1 ' Your fears are well-grounded my s young master.' ' ' My fears, say you ? The God of my fathers alone do I fear — not man.' i The eunuch gazed with a sort of s wondering admiration upon the noble - features of the young man, and at I length said : £ ' Perhaps tliero is no occasion for i fear, for you may easily oscapw the I danger which threatens you, Of one i thing I am certaiu ; you will be safe I with your retinue until after the mes- ; sage is delivered at Khaibar ; but there is reason to believe that on the way I home some of tho slaves are instructed - to murder you, You now know all, ' and you can govern yourself as seems i best to you. But I advise you to act cept the trust from the king withou hesitation. ' 1 ' Do you accompany the embassy ? ' ' ' Yes,' replied the ounnch. ' And what is your name ? ' * ' I am called Molech. I am an Egyptian by birth, and was brought thither by Merolboth, four years after his death! I have since served Modad.' ' How leavne.d you this of which you have toll me, and why do you betray your master ? ' asked the youth, as lie cast a glance into the face of his companion. ' There is no need that you should know how I obtained my information.' answered the Egyptian, without hesi tation ; ' but I will toll you why I be tray the king. Abdali Nazor hasottsn befriended me, and once lie saved my life. He asked of me that I would as far as lay in mv power, but why, as I have already told tliee, I know not ; neither do I know how the old dervise ever supposed that you would bo in danger from the king.' There was something in the manner of the eunuch that convinced Noureddin of the truth of what he had heard, and for several moments he remained in deep meditation. He tol.l the Egypt, ian that he might depend upon his secrecy, and also that he should accept the office, and with a noisluss, cautious tread the black left the appartment Noureddin retired to his bed, but it was a long time ere lie slept. He pondered upon what he had heard, and his heart beat quicker as he thought of the indignity that was about to be cast upon the city, but he could frame no plan of procedure— circumstances alone, as they might occur, could guide him. CHAPTER IV. THE FAIR SELINA AND HER FATHER. The sun had not yet peeped over the rooky environs of Petra, when Nour eddin was aroused from a deep reverie into which he had fallen, by the un ceremonious entrance of two eunuchs, who informed him that the king awaited his presence. The youth lmd already performed his morning ablu tions. and he immediately followed the messenger from the appartment. The king received him in the same room as before, and as tlie youth entered, there was a troubled look upon the Monarch's brow. ' Yon are up betimes,' remarked Modad, as tho young man made his obeisance. ' Littlesleep suffices me, your majesty,' replied Noureddin. Tho king drew his hand nervously across his brow, as the youth's voice fell upon his ear, and with an anxious look, ho eazed into the young man's features. Noureddin noticed his Mon arch's manner, and though he was surprised at it, yet he betrayed not his feelings, but with a firm, steady gaze he awaited his instructions. The eunuchs were dismissed, and with the exception of the two mutes, the king and his subject wore left alone. ' Do you know the intricacies of tho mountain path to tho eastward ? ' asked the king. 'Yes,' returned Noureddin. ' Then your services will be invalu able in this business I have in band.' Modad then went on and explained to the young man the duty required of him; The account was the same in its aspects as that of 'the Egyptian eunuch, but from ^ the king's lips the affair bore an entirely different coloring of detail, it being made to appear that the gold and jewels .were for the payment of a debt long standing, and that the maiden, who was to go under his protection, was the affianced bride of tho Khaibarite king. ' Yet,' said Noureddin, as the king olosed, ' I see not why some of your experienced officers might not perform this mission much better than myself.' ' I hare no officer whom I can trust, i hat is at all acquainted with the moun- i ain passes, and I dare not sond the iquipment over the desert. I have ' leard of your dexterity and address, md if you perform this mission satis- 1 nctorily, you shall receive a high i tation as your reward, for I desire to - jntlier around me all the most deserving I if my subjects.' - The king half averted his face from 1 he steady gaze of his young auditor luring the latter part of his remark, - nd Noureddin instautly- saw the j owardly disposition with which he had 1 o deal. ( He was moro than ever confirmed in he belief of the eunuch's statement, i md be knew', also, that there was no i ise in questioning Modad further, for ' lie Monarch could give no clear reason t or this extraordinary choice of an am- i lassador, and our hero had- no desire I o excite his suspicions as to his own I lesigns and feelings. 1 The king placed in Noureddin's 1 land tho letters that were to be de- I ivered to the neighboring monarch. - ind as the young man placed them i ivitliin the folds of his shirt, Modad i laid : ' I believe you have now your full nstructinns. I desire that you will teep along the western, pass of the fladjaz, and follow the foot of the i nountain as far as possible, which I - suppose may bo kept until within a iew leagues of Khaibar. The maiden whom you are to protect is of a timid nature, and she desires that she may see no oue but her attendants, fo, of lourse, you will not intrude upon her pivacy. She will be under the immediate Attendance of ten of my most trusty eu nuchs, and you will not interfere with their guardianship. Your retinue is al ready drawn up outside of the city, and two of my slaves who are to accompany you, will direct you to the spot.' A slight curl of' disdain rested upon the lips of the youth as the king leased speaking, for the whole plan was so glaringly inconsistent with the nature of the professed embassy, that Noureddin could not help seeing it. Frequently did the king have occasion bo send off a retinue of slaves on various errands, of the nature of which the people were ignorant ; but it was something unheard-of for Buch a busi ness as the present to be left in the hands of menials. A curious equip ment, thought Noureddin, for the negotiation of peace between two kingdoms! He kept his counsel to himself, however, and readily followed the two attendants who had been sum moned to conduct liim asvay, but before lie went, he failed not to notice the tiend-likc exultation that dwelt upon the king's countenance. 'While Noureddin followed his con ductors out of the citv, let us look at the dwelling of Al-Bassa, the king's counsellor. In asumptuons apartment, hung with crimson drapery, and orna mented by elaborately polished mirrors, reclined the. form of a fair and beautiful maiden, while by her side st -od an old man, down whose furrowed cheeks the traces of tears were still visible. About the countenance of Al- Bassa there was nothing that could indicate the ha-sh or unfeeling man, but there was a sort of timidity — a kind of womanish fear, that ill accorded with his reputed wisdom. People often wondered that so titnid a man should be retained as the king's counsellor, but they knew not how his very timi dity made him the more acceptable tool in the bands of Modad. Selina raised her eyes to her father's face, and cast upon him such an agon izing, imploring look, that he turned away to hide his emotions. She was beautiful, transcendently beautiful — her eyes were largo, soft, and lustrous, her features almost heavenly in their exnression. and her form like the airv gazelle in it graceful turnings ; but, alas ! her beauty had been the cause of the first sorrow that dimmed the bright sunshine of her joypus youth. Boljaz. king of Khaibar, had seen her, and in Ilis heart he had determined to possess iier. Already had he cause of offence against Modad, and as soon as he became aware of the king's character, he had threatened a war against i'etra, nnd the reader is aware how Modad had arranged to compromise. ' Oh, wonld that the sun had blighted me at my birth, ere I should have come to this ! ' murmured the fair girl, as she pressed her hands against her throbbing temples. ' Bo calm, my daughter,' urged the old man, while ho struggled hard to keep down the feelings of the parent. ' Boljaz will surely love you, and treat you with all kindness. ' ? And .1 to be his slave ! ' bitterly cried Selina, gazing up into her father's face — ' his boughten slave — his mere bauble, to pander to his appetite for a time, and then he cast off like a beast ! Ob, God ! what misery has fate kept in store for me ! ' Al-Bassa laid his trembling hand upon his daughter's head, and brushing away the tears that started forth from his aged eyes, he said : ' Remember, my child, you save your father's life.' ' But why, why — tell mo why this is required ? ' exclaimed Selina, forgetting for the moment her deep anguish, 4in the eagerness to learn the cause of ' such stiange procedure. ' I freely give myself to save my father, but how can the king have your life in his hands? ' . ' Ah, my child, you know little of Ivlodad's power and disposition. At the present moment he feels that his very kingdom is at stake, and you alone can save it. To me he looks for the gift of propitiation, and he holds my fife as the forfeit. ' For a moment, the crimson tide rushed up into the face of the fair girl, and, rising from her seat, she said, while a look of utter contempt flashed from her eyes-: ' . ' 'Would that God made me king of Petra-— wo dastard neighboring mon arch should have dared to oast such I contempt upon me and my people.' Al- Bassa gazed upon his daughter with a sort of wondering admiration. His soul was in agony at tho sacrifice bo was about to make, and lie would readily have given the last mite of his earthly possessions to have averted the blow, but he dared not give his life, nor lid he dare to rebel against tho coward ly wickedness of his king. ' Come, my child,' at length said the aid man, while ho trembled at every joint, ' time flies swiftly away, and the hour is already at hand when you must lepart. ' Again Selina sank upon the couch and buried her face in her hands ; but it waB now in vain that she tried to weep. The deep, burning grief that scorched and seared her soul burned at the fountain of her tears, and from her almost broken heart nothing came forth but rending sobs. The remorse less gates of a worse than Tartin prison had been thrown open before her, and to its soul-searing flames had she been consigned. She could have looked up on the cold and flinty prison-house as a paradise when compared with tho fato that now awaited her ; but she knew that her father's life was at stake and with all her power she tried to command her native fortitude to her support. But, alas ! her woman's heart shrank from the sacrifice, as the timid child would quail before the gloomy, ghost-peopled forest, and with her brow, her face, her neck, and her bosom all changed to marble, she arose from her couch and bade her father lead the way. The old man trembled fearfully, and stnitod back in agony as he beheld the change that bad come over his daughter's features His father's heart bade him be a man, but fear made him turn away his head ; and bowing beneath the blow he dared not resent, he led forth the gentle being who had been the joy and blessing of his home, the brigl\f sunlight of his joys and-sorrows, like an unresisting lamb to the sacrifice 1 (to re continued.) 