INTERCOLONIAL ? ♦ ? - Mr. Hugh 'Watt, ex-member of the House of Commons for the Camlachie divi sion of Glasgow in the Liberal interest, is at present on a visit to Adelaide. He is largely interested in properties in the Northern Territory and has been,spending some time in that part of Australia. He is a member of .the firm of Messrs. Hugh Watt and Company, shipbrokers and merchants, and is the chairman of the Maxim- Weston Electric Lighting Company. He was born in 1846 and was educated at the Geneva University. He holds the Grand Cross of the order of Simon Bolivar 'for dis tinguished - commercial services in con nection with the United States of Vene zuela.' Mr. Watt was defeated for Glas gow at the general election of 1889. On Thursday night Captain Inglis re turned from Port Pirie. where he made, an inspection of the old .lightship formerly used at Port Germein (says the Adelaide ' Register.' The hulk was lying on the bank, and as complete an inspection was made as possible, the harbor master don ning a pair of indiarubber boots to walk round the craft at low tide. In many respects the hulk was found to be in ex cellent condition, though it will be neces sary to sheet it before placing it on Middle Bank. The frame was found to be sound, an.i after over forty years' service ?as a lightship this bears testimony to the dnrableness of the timber of which she was constructed. It is particularly interesting at present to know that the bluegum tim bers for the framework of the vessel were obtained from the site of what will shortly be the completed Happy Valley water works. In his annual report for 189 1 Mr. V. J. M'Creery, Victorian inspector of lunatic asylumB, states that there were on Decem ber 31 last 4116 registered insane persons under official cognisance in Victoria, being 74 in excess of the number on the cor responding date of 1893. This is the lowest annual increase for some years. ' The daily average number of patients resident in the asylums was 3912, as compared with 3860 for the preceding year, being an increase of 52. During the year 221 patients recovered, 64 were relieved, and 325 had died. The ex penditure amounted to £ 101,518, or .£9244 less than for the previous year, and the cost of maintenance was at the weekly rate of 9s 6Jd. per patient, as against 10s 6id in 1893. According to the last report to hand of the Commissioners in Lunacy, the average weekly cost of maintaining patients in England was as follows : In county asylums, 8s 3d; in borough asylums,1 9s 6|d; in both taken together, 8s 6£d — the lowest rate ever shown. Mr. John Henry M'Gee, son of Mr. John M'Gee, merchant, of Melbourne, has taken at Cambridge the degree of Diplo mate of Public Health and State Medicine. Mr. M'Gee has won six degrees in Dublin, obtaining in one the gold medal for clini cal surgery. After getting the degrees of Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Sur gery, and Bachelor of Obstetrics in the Royal University of Ireland, and being Gold Medallist in Clinical Surgery, 1892, Licentiate in Midwifery of the Rotunda Hospital, Dublin, and Associate of the Royal Academy of Medicine of Ireland, he went to Cambridge. For the examination which he has passed thirty doctors went up, some of whom had been from thirty to forty years in practice, yet only fifteen passed, and Mr. M'Gee was the youngest of all. During his last year in Dublin he prepared the anatomical instructions for a medical work recently published in America, in which his name appears in very flattering terms. Mr. M'Gee, who is returning to Melbourne, is a distant rela tive of Mr. C. A. Murphy, the United States Consul in Adelaide. A sensational accident happened early on Tuesday m»rning, at the Ko. 12 shaft, on the Bridport-street section of the Albert Park sewer channel, Melbourne. The victim was a man named James Theeran, 50 years of age, who resided at 117 Raglan-street, South Melbourne. He was employed as braceman at the shaft, his duty being to superintend the raising and lowering of the trucks of earth and materials. About half -past 7 o'clock, shortly after he had commenced his day's work, he found that the wheels of one of the trucks were running stiffly and needed greasing. Lifting one end of the truck, he was busily engaged greasing the wheels on the other end, when the track suddenly started to run on the rails towards the shaft a yard or two away. Fearing that someone below might be injured if the truck fell into the shaft, and knowing that in any case there would be some damage to the timber and to the truck itself, Theeran tried his utmost to stop it. He was un successful, and unfortunately misjudged the distance to the shaft, with the result that he pitched headlong into the shaft after the truck and fell to the bottom, a depth of 52ft. Assistance was immediately rendered by the other em ployees, and Theeran was brought to the surface. It was then found that he had been seriously injured, and he was removed to the Melbourne Hospital. Upon admis sion there it was learned that his left arm was so badly hurt that it would have to be amputated, and that the other arm was also severely cut^.nd bruised. The ampu tation was successfully performed by Mr. Fitzgerald, but the condition of the patient is regarded with anxiety, the shock to his system having been so severe. The recent teachings of leaders of the theosophic cult or their natural supersti tions seen* to have aroused in the minds of some of the residents of Glenelg the old-fashioned 'belief in the existence of ghosts (wrftesthe ' Adelaide Advertiser.') While some nervous individuals have been sadly terrified by a mysterious light ap pearing through a window in an empty house not far from Jetty-road, the ' manifestation ' has provided a big 'draw' from a spectacular point of view. Every evening for the past fortnight fifty or more people have assembled in the hope or dread, of seeing 'spirits.' In fact no concert or church gathering had a chance against the 'supernatural show.' There seem, however, to be some unbelievers at the Bay. A 'Resi- dent' wrote under the date of June 15 : ?'There seems to be a great deal of talk going round this seaside township about a supernatural light appearing in a certain window of an unoccupied house after, dark. I have seen the light and come to. the conclusion, that it is a reflection from one of 'the adjacent houses or else someone playing a joke. I think this sort of thing ought to be looked into, as it it frightening ladies who have to pass by this spot after dark.' The ghdatj how ever, seems to have been satisfactorily laid. ' Things were getting rather excit ing,' -writes our Glenelg correspondent, ' when a gallant Civif servant, despite the entreaties of his friends to be careful, approached th% window, threw it open, and plunged into the mysterious chamber. In a fraction of a second about forty pairs of eyes were peering in at the window eager ,to 'witness the fate of the investigator. But like the 'will ?.»''. the wisp/ the ghost had vanished. It was. rather hard after this that the finale should have been, most prosaic. A well known Hindley-street clotnier placed an, overcoat over a gas lamp, which shed tits rays from a distance of about '200 yards, sCnd— exebat ghost. This gentleman has discovered a simple but effective method of raising ghosts.' 