017 MELBOURNE LETTER. j [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,] Downward the course of progress holds its way. This may sound paradoxical, but it is nevertheless a fact. Having started by reducing the duty on woollens from 40 percent, to a present 30 per cent, and a prospective 25 per cent, the tariff re- formers in the Assembly have gone on from strength to strength. On almost every division the Government has been beaten, and its revised standard lowered, but it has to be recorded that the Premier has loyally kept his promise to give members a free hand, and throughout the debate Ministers have maintained their policy of golden silence. This is a Cabinet concession, as much to its' own composition as to the sense of the House, since it is an open secret that several of its own members are tariff reformers, which fully accounts for the equanimity generally preserved on the front Treasury bench in tho face of fast following technical reverses, and for the sunburst of satisfaction that radiates certain Ministerial faces as the numbers go upon what they are supposed to consider as the wrong side. The labour members and their high tariff colleagues are the rest much perturbed and dis- concerted. " Why doesn't the Government strike in and help us ? " querulously asked the resuscitated political Lazarus who sits for Dandenong. The Minister for Education (Mr. Peacock) heard him, and, metaphorically, after the fashion of the Sacristan immortalised by Thomas Ingoldsby, Esq. That Minister said not a word To stop the utter rent ; But put his thumb unto his nose and spread his fingers out. The reductions have been substantial on all the items so far dealt with, and there is a certainty of more to follow. One of the humours of the interval since the writing of my last has been the interview of Dr. Bevan, the well-known Congregational minister, - by a deputation of owners and trainers I) solicit his influence and support in favour of the totalisator bill now before the House. The contention of the members of the deputation was that open cash belting, by means of the late, was calculated to minimise the gambling evil as it now existed under the regime of the registered bookie, and that in attacking a pernicious system it was better to succeed in part than to fail and told. The learned Churchman entered upon the discussion by expressing a desire to be filled up with all the information his turf friends could pour into him, and by declaring that he was open to be convinced one way or other," Which way did not long remain in doubt, for it soon became evident that his mind was in the same receptive state as was the mind of the Irish politician touching the respective merits of Tim Healy and Justin McCarthy. "Open to conviction in it?' exclaimed His eminent casuist. " Av course I'm open to conviction, but" (spitting on his hands and flourishing a most persuasive bit of blackthorn", by the powers as Molkclly and the piper that played before Moses, I'd like to see the man that's going to convince mc. Hurroo 1 " The eye-opener of the interview was that parson's intimate acquaintance with the slang of the turf.. He knew it all from Alpha to Omega. From " a dead bird " to " a skin lamb " he was right on the dot, He was as thoroughly at home in all the mysteries of hedging on a double pulling a winner, riding creek, and nursing staff as Alf. Josephs himself, but he was absolutely oblivious to the moral beauties of the vote, and he preferred to stand as a supporter of the bookies. He is a good old Welsh Conservative, and decides that if a man wants to go to the devil it is better he should have an opportunity to start on a down grade with the rails - well - greased after the orthodox [fashion which has so long prevailed, than that he should have obstacles thrown in his way and perhaps never reach his destination after all. " But," said Mr. Bell, one of the members of the deputation, " the ministers of Tasmania look upon this question in a different way." " You," admitted the preternaturally sagacious Churchman, with a shake of his leonine mann, and a merry twinkle in his Cymriio eye, " they are a bit sleepy down there." Apropos of what a large section consider this mistake of good men in resolutely refusing to recognise and make the best of the hard facts in a set case, the Tote Bill suggests another now before the House. This is one to so amend the licensing law as to, permit the issue of licenses to sell liquor to the Coffee Palaces now in extremis, provided the proprietors can purchase the license of an adjacent li ouse and transfer it to their own, and so avoid increasing the number of licensed houses. In no Australian city has there been a bolder and better backed attempt on the part of the temperance section to estab- lish the Coffee Palace as the supervisor of the hotel, and to popularise the doctrine of tea, toast, and butter, according to the gospel as held by the Victorian Alliance, It has often been advanced as a reproach to the WAter drinkers that they are prepared in substitute nothing for that, which they desire to take away Here they did do so, not as an organisation, but as individuals. Such men cb Munro and Mirams went into the movement con amore, and if they sank money belonging to other people's it always remembered that they also sank all their own in the venturer. They built veritable palaces, the Grand, the Federal, the Queen, etc. Then the former I know of no finer or better conducted place of public entertainment in the colonies. The Federal is a good second, elie Queen was never put into commission, and the minor ones scattered over greater Melbourne and its suburbs are as much superior to the average pub as the latter is superior to the bush shanty. But after years of experiment the fact has been con- clusively proved that people will not be coaxed or ever so mildly coerced into teetotalism. They will not patronise places where they must forego their modest quantum of beer, their glass of wine, or toss of brandy, or take it clandestinely. -Those who do go get their refreshments at the nearest hotel ; but many there are who object to this, and put up at the hotels in preference. The consequence is that the balance-sheets of the coffee palaces have been showing a dismal succession of deficits or a margin of profit so meagre as to be unpayable. Therefore the demand has arisen for licenses, and oblivious of the facts that otherwise they must close, that the hotels now benefit at their expense, that with licenses they would become the euc cossfulrivalsof the worse-kept In tells, and that this partial success would be exchanged for utter failure, the temperance party go dead against the proposal. " Perish the palaces on a coffee basis If needs be, but preserve them in first-class licensed houses even with an equal number of those now licensed closed up. Never ! " While on this subject of bills before the House, I may mention another having to do with a certain class of ladies and gentlemen who have ever so cleverly scuttled their own ship. When the boom collapsed, there set in a black frost, which was felt in every direction, but is none more than the theatrical and show quarter. The poor player, the giddy gaieties, and the other members of that great motley throng who crowd the stage of the variety houses, are never strong in resources, and when the frost had killed " the ghost" there was only the thickness of a gauze ballet dress between them and starvation. At this point Mr, Snazelle initiated his rational Sunday evening entertainment, which he-ran upon lines appropriate to the day, his programme consisting of sacred songs of the " Calvary," *' Holy City," " Rock of Ages," and " New Jerusalem ' type, with lantern view accessories. The idea caught on with the " pro fresh" like an epidemic of influence so, and so many followed suit that the clergy waited in deputation on the Premier and asked him to stop the whole affair. He did not see his way to do this, but promised to stop the practice of charge for admission, and make the performers depend upon a collection. Then, when urged to co further, he put it to the assembled clergymen whether from their own experience of the voluntary collection system they did not think this would cure the evil, and some of them remembering the number who from jewelled hands drop threepenny- bit to God, admitted with a sad smile that there was force in the argument. Sj the shows went on, but while means were taken to make the calico tion a compulsory charge, even to the extent of chucking out those who would not voluntarily contribute " the fixed sum, the programme was by steadily secularised till it mainly consisted of such sweetly sacred morceaux as "Tommy make room for your uncle," " E dunno where 'e are," and " Ballyhooly." In fact the rational Sunday programme differed in nothing from the irrational Saturday night variety show, and the bill before the House follows as the Nemesis that will publish this offence against propriety by stopping the entertainments altogether. The Trades-hall Council his got two brand new feeds on its bands. Cue is with the Royal Agricultural Society, which refused to approve a list of invitations to the seashore presented by the president because it included the President of the Trades'-hall Council. It seemed a simple thing, but its effect was as the introduction of a fire- brand into a powerful magazine ; there was an instant blow up. The Trades'-hall was roundly denounced as a curse to the farmers from beginning to end," and " a curse to the whole country." The list was eventually withdrawn, and Lytton street is waiting for the time when that affront shall be avenged, with the sweet serenity of Othello as he exclaims, "O, blood, lago, blond." The second quarrel is with Mr. E. Fitzgibbon, Chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works, for sending out a circular to members of Parliament showing the desirability of a re- mission of duty on house connections and other articles used in the city sewage scheme which cannot be made in the colony. For this he has been denounced as an enemy to the working man, and after his fashion the fight ible Fitz is sending in Rolauds for Olivers as fast as the rate of press exchange permits. There is to be a searching inquiry into the burning of the Hilaria, which immediately followed the reference to her in my last, since it is felt that these four fires on kerosene ships within so short a space cannot come flacently be accepted as accidental, it is considered in the last degree improbable that the deluging of the cargo on the first occasion could have failed to extinguish the fire, or that had it done so the fact could have escaped the close inspection to which the cases were subjected. Then the outbreak of all the fires at about the same hour comes in as another suspicious circumstance, and the lamented death of Superintendent Gee, with which is associated the heroic action of Deputy-chief Officer O'Brien, has riveted public attention so closely to the catastrophe as to ensure that the investiga- tion will be searching and exhaustive, A graceful tribute has been paid by the Legislative Council to the memory of the late Mr. Frank Stanley Dobson, LL.D., Q.C. Following his demise a resolution hob passed placing on record the deep sense of its own loss entertained by the House in the death of so valuable and highly esteemed a colleague. Last week, in accordance with the wishes of the House, the President, Sir William Zeal, and the Clerk waited on Mrs. Dobson, and presented her with a copy of the record containing this resolution, engrossed and illuminated and suitably framed. Resolutions of condolence and sympathy have also been forwarded to Mrs. Dobson from every Shire Council in the I'roviaco which Dr. Dobson represented. The Abrahams' case, which I mentioned in my last, still remains in statu quo, because of the remarkable developments which followed the conviu ion. As I stated, the prisoners were all terribly upset, but it was expected they would soon be suffi ¿iontly recovered to receive sentence. Instead, two of them, Louis and Emanuel, refused all nourishment, and became so rapidly worse, that they are pronounced by medical experts to be temporarily insane. So far their condition does not improve, and the passing of the sentence stands deferred. Our Defence Force is getting smaller by degrees and beautifully less, and when it reaches the vanishing point its epitaph will be-" Economised out of existence." The Naval Brigade was the first to be extinguished, the men having resigned en masse when required to receive £8 5s. instead of £10 per annum. The Premier didn't care, but said Let them go," and the Defence Minister " wasn't going to be dictated to. Next the Williamstown Artillery, the oldest corps in the colony, has dis- banded, the men sending in their kits rather than receive £0 5s. instead of £7 10s. per annum, Fast following came the resignation of the Army Service Corps, which had beforehand been reduced to the commission, d and non-commissioned officers, and, the corps now consists of the Major, Captain and two Lieutenants. Still the Premier keeps on gaily never minding, while the Commandant issues touching ap- peals to the patriotism of his remaining men, assuring them of his sympathy, and almost beseeching them to accept retrench- ment without "striking" back. It is said of Augustus Caesar That he found Rome brisk and left it miserable ; the prospect is that it will be said of Tiberias Turner that he found Melbourne defended and left it force less. The weather has been very cold lately, and over Saturday and Sunday a heavy gale was blowing from Ilia Eoutbward. 