Shrouded in Mystery OR. Which Girl Did He Marry ? By Skipp Borlase, Author of 'Fob True Loye'6 Sakt. 'THHEB LOVKLV WOM.K.' ' DABKKP Than Death.' ' An Ocean becuet'' ' Recalled to Life,' ' Riches to 1-uin.' 'Who Rilled John Camkuox 1 ' ' 'I II K I'lM.lCK | XJlVtSTVH ' I .IV I CHAPTER LX. (Continued). LANCELOT LEIGH EAT6 HUMBLE PIE AND 6EEMS TO ltELl£!l IT. 'Bat she suriily cannnt set forth alone Only think what dangers mav liofall her on the way.' said Stranraer nervously. ' No danger whatever threat one a woman 00 English Toad bv broad daylight,' an swered Leigh. ' Phe can walk on until she teaches Hoghton. which is nnl? three and a half miles distant, a nd passing right through the village she had best await our overtaking : ner at a little distance on mo otner BKe ot it. Mv reasons for this course arc, f rs ly. that if any dragoons should arrive here from Preston in search of von, the most con* Spicuous and conBequentIv most easily re membered of the pair would be von est : a tin, secondly, that in such a case Lady S'mn taer may escape the consequences whirh would only too probably result to yourself.' But the last part of liis speech completely defeated the purpose of the whole, for Hose ft t once exclaimed : ' Oh, if you think there is any real danger, tny right placi is by my husband's side, and there it shall furthermore find me.' ' The danger can only occur through your being found at his side,1' answered Lancelot Leigh, somewhat tartly. 'Brawers' travel* 1-irs don't take their wives with them on Iheir business rounds, though they may accept of even the company of a clodpolc Along a lonely country lane, especially when both of them arc mounted, as. after all, I v think we shall be. Now dear Ro — L&iy; Btranraer, I mean — I earnestlv beseech von to take my advice aud start off at once. You can put some food in your pocket and cat it on the way. At Hoghton we will get a third nag for yonr especial use when we overtake yon ; bo now go,foT the quicker that you are gone the quicker we also shall be able to get » way from here.' Rose could now see the sound sense of her ex-lover's advice, for she plainly perceived that two such remarkable figures as sha and her husband had cut while riding through ftnd cut ot burning Preston would very probably be recognised by some one or other among the sconting parties despatched from thence, whereas one of the disguises, especially when shifted on to another per son, might call np no dangerous remem brances at all. She therefore declared that she would Start at once, and what's more she did so, with her market basket slung over ber arm, and singing as she went. ' Now,' said Leigh, ' we had better make our change of dress as quickly as possible, and then be off after her. I know the land lady will spare me a horse, and, truth to tell, I couldn't get along without one, for 1 bad forgotten for awhile that I was still Jams in one leg. Ton, however, must have jnlne, for Mrs Bailey's is hardly a steed that A brewer's traveller would bestride I reckon, though It will suit ft loat well.' CHAPTER LSI. A STTKUTE TOO LATE— -SPBBOUNDED AKD SUSPECTED— IN AX AVTKWARD DILEMMA. Well, no time was lost, the transformation «as affected, and Cameron of Btranraer jrede a much better English gentleman than clown, for be could speak the language grammatically and fluently, but knew no thing of country dialects or provincialisms, or, in other words, of the veritable vulgar tongue, while Leigh, on the otber hand, being Lancashire born and bred, and an apt mimic «.s well, could talk just as the individual lie represented would have talked had be been a Simon Pure instead of a make-believe. Meanwhile Mn Bailey bad spread a hasty meal and ordered the stable boy to saddle Jier own horse as well as the ' commercial event's.' the animal more especially referred to being a raw-boned rosicante of a steed ? that' had seen better days, and could still put on a spurt ftt a pinch* though not able to keep it up for long, being spavined and broken-winded, and the possessor of a lot of Other aUmcnis as well, with a rough, ragged coat, a nose, a rat tail, and a pair of broken knees, which possessions were per haps in parts the reason why she had so readily accepted the drover's lamed pony in exchange, for its injuries seemed to be only temporary, while ber own animal's would most certainly be life-long. It was, however, a quite good - looking enough steed for a olod pole to bestride, and In the present instance ft better would have been worse, because presenting an incon gruity between the rider and the ridden. ' We'd better bolt our food and then bolt ourselves, ' said Lancelot Leigh in a low tone to his companion as they sat down, for the ! sake of appearances, at different tables. But Cameron of Stranraer couldn't see the joke, possibly because he couldn't understand the slang, so he responded with a grave nod, while he unconsciously did exactly as he had been advised. Five minutes saw the breakfast com menced and finished, for people had not to wait for their tea or coffee to cool in those days, since, men at all events, invariably drank ale or wine with their matutinal meaL Speedy as they had been, however, over their repast, it would have been all the better had tbey been quicker still, or else gone without it altogether ; for, as they were rising from their chairs, they saw the ominous flash of steel and scarlet through the lozenged-paned inn window, and the next instant there strode into the very room which they occupied an officer, a sergeant, and half-a-dor^n infantry soldiers, the officer shouting out the while at the top of bis voice : ' Landlord 1 bread, cheese, and ale for my men, and a bottle of wine and the very best food that yonr house affords for myself. But tell me firat if yon suspect any rebels of being concealed in the village or of passing through it.' Thereat Mi's Bailey promptly presented herself, declaring that she'd neither seen nor heard of any rebels in that locality, and that she should think they'd had enough of Old England by now, and would all of 'em be travelling north instead of Bouth, ending up by promising that his honor's orders should at once be executed. Then, ere she quitted the room, she cast a somewhat uneasy and half-warning look at Lancelot Leigh and bis companion. It would have been far better had she taken no notice of them whatever, for the officer was hb keen-eyed as a weasel, and, noticing the look, it at once aroused his sus picions. ' Ha. whom have we here 7' be exclaimed, Striding up to Stranraer, and regarding him keenly. ' D — n it, sir, your dress is certainly English, and you may be a loyal subject of King George, but you have a ftcoount 1'Jl trouble you to tell me who you ?re and what you're doing in this special neighborhood.' *' I'm from Rochdale, my narno is Lancelot Leigh, and I'm a traveller for the well known brewers, Smith, Ferguson, and Co. Pray acccpt one of our cards,' responded 6teanracr, handing hie interJocntor one of the firm's cards from out the inside breast pocket of his coat. u Umpb, a brewer's traveller j and yet, though your came seems to be Englsh, your accent is as 8cotch as your face,' retorted the officer In puzzled tones. 'And I've Scottish blood in my veins as well, on the mother's side. Our junior partner, Mr Fcrgassoo, is a Scotchman, as his name almost proclaims, and I'm a con nection of his— 1 may almost say a kinsman in fact.' ' Ah, that accounts for everything, for whenever a beggarly Scot s ttles down in our better victualled country, and gets fat on its produce, he invariably senus for all his kinsmen in order that tbey may help to despoil us also. I fully credit your tale now, young man, it in go very natural and according to fixed rule/ and with an insult ing loogb the officer turned towards the real Lancelot Leigh, and almost instantly observed that the condition of 14s tonus ftcooxded ill with bis style of drees. ' Hullo, Chawb&oon;/' he exclaimed, ' I'll fre banged Si you took -quite the genuine article either. How long is it since you 'ant. drove the plough or handled the plough, eh 1' 'Whoy, not since th' owd maester'e bin gone. d« ad, and I've married his widdy, if \ er honor must know,' replied Leigh, wit h a rustic boras-laugh, and a Iter which set every body laughing. '? I've engaged this honest, follow to fhow me a short, cross-country cut towards Black burn, where my business next. ha Is me, aud it's time mrthinks that we wore on the way : but, if - ou'll nl'nw \ our bravo follows to empty a three-gallon cask of our ale at my copLj thev will find that it at all events is thoroughly English, despite that th^re are Scotchmen in the firm, and 1 truBt, sir, that yon will regard it as proof of ray own loyalty to King George and the House of Hauovcr,' said Stranraer to the officer. ' What, a Scotchman positively willing to stand treat 7 Why, in Hint ca-e I'm re:idy to believe all that's good of him and nothing that's evil. Egad, sir. I'll help to drink the ale myself, and so c^vc my pocket the '?xpense of a bottle of wine,' replied the individual grniallv, and lie raised no objec tions whatever to Leigh and SfcrADracrs departure, nor watched tbcm any further ; than to mnkf1 sure thot the ale was actually j paid for before they quitted the inn. Five minutes later the two young men were mounted and riding down the village street. and the cask of ale had been brought into the kitchen, there tapped, and set freely circulating. But one of the soldier* happened to be very quickly affected by strong drink, and he moreover was a fool until he reached his third pint., reverting to exactly the same condition on arriving at his sixth, His lucid intervals, therefore, were as brief as it mu6t be owned they were f r- quent, and, most unfortunately lioth for Stranraer and for Lancelot Leigh, one of tho3® lucid inter vals was all too quieklv brought about on the present occasion, for no sooner had the orthorlox three pints untbawed his frozen faculties and unloosed his -at other times lied tongue, than he said with an expression of low cunning to the sergeant— ' I knew who that bloke who has treated us was at first look— aye. that 1 did— thonph folks do call I a fool, Whr, be was the man in petticoats who kept ub from getting across that prccious barricade so long. 1 mean to say he was the captain or the kurncl of all the other pefcticoatcd chaps -ou do know, and who killed such a lat of our fellows with his big sword. Why, I could swar to him by his e^e and his nose, for you see 1 was lving dead, I mean to say wounded, and watching him all the while I was— aye, till his chaps were all killed and our cha|m had all got across, and 1 shan't forr?et him, 1 shan't, as long as I live, he slaughtered such a lot of our chaps -o his own cheek he did, while I was looking at him.' ' You stupid fool, and why didn't you out with all this while he was here ? My word, if through your stupidity yon have let a thousand pounds slip through our captain's fingers I should not u bit wondT if he ordered you half as manv strokes from the cat -o' - nine -tails,' rejoined the sergeant roughly. it, if yon Jove me,' exclaimed Private Stubbs beseechingly, and open-mouthed with horror. I 'But J don't love yon, you great sawney ; \ and if I said nothing about it I might get a taste of the cat myself, ' and the sergeant at once rose to h;B feet and reported to Captain Ball the im|-ortant communication that Private Smiths had made hfti. Lik* one of the v.ntable wild bulls of Bsshan did the gallant captain rave and rampage up arid down, and Private Stubbs experienced an exceedingly exciting aud unpleasant five minutes while all his know ledge was being dragged out of him as though it had been his back teeth, for terror had frozen up his intellect again as hard and fast as ever, and so a born idiot could have answered the Captain's questions just as lucidly. Nevertheless, hy dint of oaths, threats, and shakings, the officer gathered just enough of the facts of the case to feel tolerably assured that the fellow had spoken the truth, and not been merely gassing, to the Berg- ant, and as Cameron of Stranraer had neither been taken prisoner nor returned as dead, he at once made up his mind, the wish being in some degree father to the thought, that the seeming brewer's traveller must be be, and the apparent clodpole, as likely as not, another Jacobite of note, and he conse quently determined npon an immediate and hot pursuit. How he wished that he commanded cavalry instead of infantry soldiers, but he was bound to do the best he could with the materials that he had to bis hand. So at once he started his men off through the village, with a hasty pencilled authority to enter all stables, and requisition every horse that they could find, in the King's name, bringing them to the inn door as fast as ever they could be seized and saddled, in order that the first to be supplied should at once start off in pursuit of the suspects. Armed wjtb sncb authority there was not much difficulty in procuring nags of some kind or other, and, unfortunately for Stran raer and for Lancelot Leigh, many that were procured were far snifter aud more enduring animals than either of those which they themselves were mounted on, wherefore it was that midway between Walton-le-Dale and Hoghton their pursuers were in full cry after them. CHAPTER LXII. IK WHICH LANCELOT LEIGH BBIKGS HIM 6ELF WITHIN Mt£A£T7HAUL£ DJbl'ANCE Of THE GALLOWS. Only by three of the soldiers, however, and two of these were almost too tipsy to keep their saddles, but the third was Bober enough, for he chanced to be the sergeant. Leigh was the first to observe the Saab of scarlet and steel through ihe dust clou.i raised by the galoping horses in their rear, and be at once guessed what was up. ' We must ride hard ; (or the red coats are after us,' he exclaimed excitedly, at. the same time putting spurs to his nsg. ' Nay,' said 6tranraer, as be loliowed his example, ' 1 must die hard, but why should you plant your foet in a hole not of ; our owl digging 7 I beseech you to be satisfied with the good service which you have already rendered me, and which I shall remember with gratitude all my life through, but not to hazard long years of imprisonment by allying yourself witti me any longer. Bee, there ia a bridle path branching off to the left— follow it quickly, and depend on it that oar pursuers will beBtow all their attentions upon me.' ' If I were to deacrt you in bo brazen a fashion aud at so dire a pinch— ou a Stranger in a strange land— Uanging, draw ing, and quartering would be too goad for me. Besides all that-, I've promise a Lad. Stranraer to see you safely through the present difficulty, and 1 deeui any promis : given to her a sacred one, notwithstanding that she is lost to me ior. ever,' an6»vreu Lancelot Leigh with an air of sullen deter mination. This brief colloquy took place while the two joung men were dashing onwards at full speed, aud titrunraer, clearly pere ivin^ that his companion's resoluiiou was j.ot to beshaken, brictiv thanked liitn, uud then forbore from further speech. Indeed, it was no time for indulgi-nce in conversation, because they had to try every trick they knew of in order to get away from their foes, though after all they proved as unavailing as lleynard's in the fable, for their pursuers neared them rapidly, notwith standing that the rat-tailed horc: provt-d that he had speed in 1 1m although he ' roareu ' fearfully while Uaring aloag at full gallop. But the three soldiers had shot ahead of tbiir companion, because the horses which they bi strode were well-bred hunters, who had even run in county raccs. Tbey bad requisitioned tbcm from a gentle man's stable, and to them owed ihe lact that as far as they were concerned the present 'stern ch&6e' was not destined to prove also a ' long chase,' according lo pruvtrbinl rule. Indeed, Hoghton Chu'ch tower was still half a mile distaot iu tocir front when the fugitives were overtaken and thruatene I with instant ueatb if they did not at once surrender themselves prisoners. 'My compfiMoa has dou^ no'liiog to reuder him liable to arrest,' said titraoraer. 'Let him go his way in peec , atiJ 1 will give you oij aworJ,' h': ad-:e-i. but drawiug ttie weapon ub be spuke, uec&Uoe; ibe serg. ant was edging his hojse towards biui in a menaciug kind of way. Bat as the dipgaiaed chief did this, one of tin: otbersddii-re plucked forth a pistol and pri«entttu it at. his head with the exciama '? You are worth as much dial as you are living, m\ game cock, so here goes to aveugc those you bent to kingdom come last night, one of whom was my brother.' Then it was that Lancelot Leigh, noticing Ahat the fellow was shutting one eye, as ifeoqgb to tike better aim with the other, while his fioger was in the act of curling around the trigger of his levelled wcapou, whipped a pistol out , cf his own pocket, and quick as thought shot him through thehead, the snMior instantly falHug dead under his hone's feet. At the same moment, the sergeant aiurupod to cut Stranraer down, who, avoiding the head stroke by a quick swerve in the snriule, retorted, before his assailant c uld recover his guard, by running him through the body. Thereupon be also f nil dead, when, per ceiving that be was left unsup]-orted, the third soldirr wheeled shavp round and dashed back to join the next, hatch of bis advancing comrades as fast as ever bis horse could carry him. ' Come nlong.' said Stranraer then to his companion, 'we ar««, alas, in the samo boat now. I wish to heaven though that 1 had surrendered m\ self prisoner u trifle quicker, for then 1 should have eaved vour lif* instead of mine, which was already forfeited to the laws, and so of little comparative value. However, what's done can't be undone.' ' True enough, and I presume ithat I did reeve a noose for my own neck by shooting that fellow ; nevertheless I'll dodge it from dropping over my head as long as ever I can, and as for troubling my consciencc about the matter, why it. was a fair shot, and I at all events preserved a noble life at the cost of a las - one.' He did trouble bis conscience about the matter notwithstanding, for it was the fiist time that he had ehed the blood of a fellow creature. and it would therefore have been little to his credit had it not caused him an acute pang. Little rcckod be of his own danger, for he thought, far more of the dead mau, vaguely wondering as to who and how many near and dear ones lie had left to mourn him, ^ es, even to thn exclusion of all considera ilon as to whether he would himself succeed in escaping the consequences of what he knew to be a hangable off- nee. Five minutes later Hoghton was reached and dashed into at breakneck speed. Before the door of the principal inn (indeed the only one that was in any way deserving of the name) a couple of horses ! wi-re being led up and down by a stable : boy. One was equipped with a man's and the ' other with a laiy'e saddle. 1 ' We will appropriate those horses, for they arc just what we want. Yonr nag 1 wouldn't carrv ^ou a mile further, for bis i foam is flecked with blood already. A threat, backed np by a levelled pistol, will frighten that lout into surrendering thorn up without even daring to rise an outcry about the matter. Can yon manage to con trol the pair? If so, one will do for Rose when we overtake her.' ' IU manage them all right enough,' answered Leigh. ' Then be it my task to overawe the lad. for yonr appearance happens to be more comic than tragic,' said Stranraer. The scheme was carried into execution almost as quickly as U had been conceived. The stable boy opened bis mouth almost wide enough to have swallowod the pistol that was presented at bis head in addition to the bullet which it contained. But the yawning orifice emitted no sound, or when be bad delivered np both Bteeds, and Leigh bad dashed away on the back of one end | leading the other, leaving MreBaile-'s rat tailed Roman-nosed *'roaTer' bv way of excoange, did be do anything but stare after them until both Leigh an-l Stranraer were ou- nf vighr an i out into th^ open country again at one and the same time. Five minutes later thev overtook Rose, seated on a mile stone, which, however, she ha I only just rcachcd. A glance showed her that something terribly exciting, if not positively dreadful, had happened to both men eince she bad ' left them iu the garden of the little inn at Walton-le-Dalo ; t-ut she forebore from ask ing them any questions, and looked as cheer ful as she was able to do while Buffering from such torturing apprehensions and poignant curiosity. Stranraer at once sprang lo the ground and lifted her on to the back of the spare horse. At the same moment he took note of what seemed to be an extensive wo'd, l.vioga little to their left, and reachable by crossing a couple of fields. ' If we eould onlv get within that thick cover before our pursuers sight us,' he whispered to Lrigh, 'we might, be snug all day there, and trav.-d agaiu through the enouing night. You see neither .^ou nor mv wife's anpearance are in character with these horses and their equipments, and every one would therefore take special note of you two as we passed along, which woald give the red coats, and - ou mav depend on it tb ar» * 'o^. rnore of themlkfter us. an easy trail to follow ns by, and eo, no matter how far wo succi-ede.i in instancing ihem. they would be sure to run us to etrth at lasr.' 'Most true,' asseuted Lancelot, 'and voor s'lt'geo'^n if therefore a capital one. Come, we will act npon it at onco.' i The field gate was open, so that there was i no occasion to leap it, and, better still, the | grasB within it was literally ploughed up by ' horses' ho.*-f ocnts. pointing in all directions already, so that thos°! of their own steeds would not be distinguished among so many. Closing the gate behind them, and pru dently galloping along under the screen of the high edge, they got through a gap in the ' cross-hedge into the next field, and then I sped on to the wood, which they succt-Bsfully I enured through another hedge gap. Scarcely were they well in among the trees when, on glancing back to the road which tbey had just quitted, thev beheld a couple of batches of tbeir pursuers dash along it at a gallop in quick succession, with out even looking towards either fields or woods, and then there presently hurried on in the same direction a noisy rabble from out the village of Hogbtou, doabth-BS in order to be the first to behold the horse stealers, as they only knew them as yet to be, brought back prisoners by (he military. ' 1 know this wood now,' said Lancelot Leigh presently, ' it is of vast extent, and by making our way through it in the Bouth easterlyidirection we shall in the course of an hour get out npon a range of high and barren moors, on which we may not en counter a single individual for a clean spin of fifteen miles, until, in short, we reach Shuttleworth hill and look down on Roch dale, onr jooroey's end. As I can steer by the stars, and it promises to be a clear night, we bad better lie snug until oigbt comes, for it would not be prudent to attempt to reach our destination before both Rochdale and Castleton were locked in slumber, because, although the old house in Ghost Lane stands solitary enough, the crossing of the river will oblige us to skirt the town very closely before we can reach it. How ever, thanks be, our position is not nearly so desperate as five minutes ago 1 was inclined to believe.' ' I am verr glad to hear vou say so, and as to the mere hardships of the situation, why the nights are now almost as warm as the day, so that save from the matter of hunger we shall be able to manage very well,' re* spouded Stranraer. ' And 1 don't think that we shall suffer even from that 'Rose added quickly aud cheerfullv, 'for just Bee what kind, thought- 1 fill Mrs Bailey stocked my basket with ere she suffered me to quit the inn.' Then, lifting up its snowy covering, she revealed a small loaf of bread, halt a cbc' se, a piece of tailed bacon, a pot of butter, and a bottle of wine. So the fugitives tethered their horses to th-? tress and prepared to spend the dav as b'St they could; and there we will leave them lo order to revert to the fortunes, or rather the misfortunes, of our otber charac ters ; nor shall we again return to those of Rose and h r companions nntil they also have reached Rochdale, when the interest of ouretor*. will culminate in the mysteries aud exciting iucid enie that take place in the old house in Ghost Lane and elsewhere. [To be Continued Next Wednesday.] Visitor — ' And so your mistress is very ill ? 1 am exceedingly sorry. Do they thick she will die to day f ' Man servant— ''She is v-*r-' bad, mam ; bat she can't die to-day. This is cook's day off. A scientific writer tells how water can he boiled in a sheet of writing paper. We have known a man to write a few linea on a shee t of writir.g paper that keep him in hot water fur three -cars, H« — ' M.v love, wp have been married two .'cars.' Sh« — ' Y- s, -'erlirg.' 'Upon our wedding day -ou were twenty-four. To-day -ou tell the census man -ou are thirty-one ' 'Dear me, how time flics when one is happy !' ' Why do you call Charlie 'Garden Wall' 7' ' 'Cob we nrc alwa-.s geltingoverhim.' I Filing his Rccord.— The man who chcaped I from prison by working through the iron but believed is progreee by tingle file, 