ALL Rl«15'ffS RESERVE®. CHAPTER' VII --(Continued.) ' lo him she would tnlk and prattle, | with her little hands buried in his massive coat,. ..' And truly the two seemed to understand each other com pletely and. entirely. Holding' down his head a little, Tyro would sit listening to Ella's talk for half an'hour at a time, out on the giecn rose lawn, his eurs half pricked, and, his brown unfathomable eyes bent on hers, as if to make sure that not a single observation escaped him. "Everything must be so now and strange to her," said Mr. Breve to Miss Robins; "and what with the recent death of hei' mother, and her father, who is a naiior, going to sea, it is no. wonder ' tho poor child is un- v ' " She is indeed a strange child," Miss Robins replied ; " but I already notice signs of her coming round. She is very fond of "the dbg, sir. She asked Ine if she .might take hiin up to our bedroom." " Oh, yes,- certainly. But did she really and truly1 ask permission to take the dog up 1" flWeIl, no, sir; not quite. She brought him up, and I saidT thought you might not like it — that you might be angry." Mr. Brewer laughed. " It seems to me," he said, " she means to bo little mistress of the Grunge." "A lady to see you, sir," said' a ser vant, entering, and presenting a card. His master glanced at the super scription, and Miss Robins thought he changed color'., : Miss Robins was Very observant for a girl of 1G. .He looked towards her now, and with a slight bow she left the room. ." Show tho lady up, if you please." Solicitor Bre.wer was quietly seated by the window with a book in his hand, when the visitor entered. His attitude was undoubtedly studiod. \- He advanced to meet her with an easy grace of motion, and with his most pleasant smile. No one could have helped being Struck . with the young visitor's ex treme beauty and manners. Every; iook, ' every movement, indicated good, breeding. She might have been a duchess, a princess, a queen. So thought Brewer. Cool and collected though his .man ner, one who now observed hint more narrowly might have observed some slight degree of agitation therein. " Pray be seated, Miss Sheila Moore. To what am i indebted for tho honor of this- interview 1" " I — I heard of your fame as a soli citor, and came to consult you on a matter of some moment to mo," was the ruply. But," she1 added, " have wo not met before, somewhere — at some time a " Yps, Hi s Moore. No one who has-once see ; your face is ever likely to torgei. it.'' Ho was paying her no obtrusive compliment. The remark .wus made in a quiet and ordinary tonR of voice, in the same tone,' indeed, in whiah he might have ventured an observation concerning the weather. Ncvi rule less it appeared to slightly heighten the color in the young girl's face. " It was a most trifling service I did you. You will scarcely rotnember it. You were returning in the evening from church. 'Your carriage was n 't far off, but you wore somewhat rudi lv 1 jostled on the pavement by two — n ale persons. I interviewed both on tne spur of the moment-, and with some degree of vehemenco. InfaotI thought at the time I had given one his 'quietus. " " Oh, yes, and I fled in alarm with out breathing one word of thanks. 1 am so pleased that I can thank you now, Mr. Brewer." I It was the tiniest little gloved hand | in the world that lay in his for' just one brief second. "And now," snid he, after a short pau.", "what can I havo the pleasure of doing for you ?" " I am staying," she said,' " near'; to Chichester, where I was living wheih last I. met you — with a distant rela-- tivc.1"' ' She suddenly ceased speaking, . and put her handkerchief to her face. "Mr. Brewer, pardon my emotion. But my grief is so recent ; and I could not go back to Upton Hull. I may never return again." The solicitor started, and half rose from his " chair, placing his hand for a moment on the back thereof. .. It was prettily . done, but , probably all for eflect, all for business sake. Brewer was nothing if not an actor. But the tones of his .voice changed from this moment, and his looks as well. Doth seemed filled with sympathy for the sufleririg ladv before him. , A most inestimable man; youijuncle, from all I hear," he said. "You must have loved him very much." . " Ob, yes, and more, now that he.is gone, than ever, but " You must not hesitate, Miss Sheila, to tell me everything. Believe me, your confidence shall not be mis placed. Quite apart from all pro fessional considerations,' you have my most sincere sympathy in your great trouble. I shall willingly serve you to the best of my ability." f "My uncle, then, you should know, was subject to uncontrollable fits of excitement. He suffered with ill- health at times; and to this I attributed the gloom and depression, and, I may add, bursts of anger which he affected at times. You know, Mr. Brewer, he was extremely fond of me. He was strangely jealous of me, too. He seemed to begrudge even the affection I bestowed upon my pets, and often would accuse me of neglecting him for them, or even of caring nothing for him.'' " This was, of course, all morbid," Brewer pub in. '!lt must have been morbid, sir, but it occasioned me much pain. And now; Mr. Brewer, I am coming to the point; on which I wrote to consult you, About three weeks before his sod death ho had one of his sudden fits of passion. It appeared to come on all at once, but had complete hold of him for the time being. I was bend ing down over my pot canary talking to him, and had not heard some re mark he addressed tc me. And O, Mr. Brewer " Hero the handkerchief went, once more to her eyes. " Ho said such dreadful, things and cruel, but the will he had already made in my favor he threatened to cancel. He would do that at least, he said, and if he did not marry, ho would leave all his money to a distant relative. This vexed me more than anything else. Not, you may understand, that I'cared much -about tho .will, but because it meant, to imply that I loved xuy dear undo only for what he could" do'for me." " " ' 7. "Nor, Mr. Brewer, did he make any secret'of his intentions. ' He told everyone by v word of inouth or -by letter. Then lie left for town next day, and was absent the greater port of a week. "I stayed at home after this until the awful end. I stayed, at homo be cause I had heard myself talked of at church as 'poor Miss Sheila Moore!' And O, Mx\ . Brewer, I know of one strangely foolish thing he did in town. He visited a matrimonial office ! He told .mo as much, and talked in a curious. way which made me imagine he was slightly distrait, , "Now, sir, I will not detain you much longer. Tho will was road shortly after my uncle's funeral ; it was that' which had been - made in my favor. He told me himself he had made another, since, but had not signed it. He told many others so too, and it had been his pur-; pose to go to town,- either to sign that will, or do something at that awful office even more foolish, on:.. the. tenth of June, But you know, sir, he was killed on the ninth !" . - ' " Was it the ninth ?" " It was the ninth. 0, it was a sad night for me." Hardly knowing, perhaps, what he did, Mi'. Brewer gently patted or tapped. Miss Moore's hand that rested on the table, as one soothes a littlo child. She did not remove it. Per haps she could have done so had she wished. Mesmeric influence forbade, j "So the will, the new will, w_as- not ; signed ?" " Unless, sir,, his ghost signed it, it could not have been." " But now," she added, " comes the strange part of my story. I haye'had notice from tho solicitors of Roger Youngmau, the distant relative, in whose favor the unsigned will was njade, to quit Upton' Hall, and in forming me that the document is signed and isj witnessed l" " Whew whistled Brewer. " Par don me, dear young lady, butmethinks I can see interest within .interest- in this case, wheel within wheel I" '! And- you will assist me with your advice? - You will take up my case?" ' " I will do so with pleasure,, and will proceed at once, with my investi gations. You have signatures of .your late uncle ?" "I have many." "Then I shall want all you can pro cure me," Miss Moore rose smiling now, and held out her hand. About the last words he said to her wero these : — " We will not rush this matter, Miss Moore. Be assured it will all come right in 'time. Mean while refer, everyone who. .writes to you to me, as your , solicitor; ,Au re voir." "Au revoir. You have taken a .load off my mind." "A load bo assured-! shall be most pleased to bear on your behalf." Next minute she was gone, and Brewer had thrown himself into his rocking-chair — to think, to plan, and build his castles in the.air. i (to tit continued.) . . n.oor Sheila icns a fad niiiiwr (it tlio tahlesof tho icolMo-do, die was wicl-cd Kith a mcheanaa that u linin'nlioiiaWi' at the bar of tho public-house round tho comer. More than one slatlrrnhj virayo, wJnlo dis- cussiuu her red- rniu rum. ruth an equally slatternly nevjhbort u:as heard to arclana that hanymg was Jay too yood/or tholihoso' she."— Vitle Cu.M'i'Klt XI. . . 