Told l)j a Lighthouse Assistant. My man, do you want a berth P' .aid be. " ' Auyyy\?PP-.'*« I. ' I wat>t frown ^ talf-Starr6d half He made no answer, but jnst a sign ! to follow him, and he .talked aw&r; .nd I pegged after him. He kept ! close along the shots as we walked, I and for a while he said nothing. At i . last, however, he turned and pointed seaward. ' You see that P said he. . H,® indicat6d a lighthouse on a lonely rock. JSm tteLkeej}er'',ftid he- 'I want Tou to cook my mea|, and keep my bachelor-, hall for me. Now and then J want you to row in and bur PT"8'00"; Tb» work wont be hard. ; , the P»y will suit yon. Do you know why I chose you ?' , 'No. cappen,' said I. 'Beoause I saw that hope was at « end with yon' fae MV"t? only a man who had come to that who^d^withmein.,^ I'd been in a lighthouse before; it :rre* thi?g to mei bnt T been there a few hours I wondered what my master hired me for. It was like being pensioned off; there was nothing to tdo. But, mart ye, when it came.wgT,t, and the wind began to moan about the lighthouse, and the lamp, were lit and all 0uMde was blank as pitch, and aU the sound we heard was.the .wash, swath, awash of . ""BBl J*? »aslor mixed some grog and called me to eit along with Jlum. That looked sociable, but I fc 'T Vid' He «Wering at his glass for a while, and opening I b.s mouth as ,f to speak, and shutting it again. Then said he; ' What's your name f i , ' Ben Dare,' Baid I. I '.SSfiSisi&ssd; I. ' k°olc here/ -mid -he, ' I am* [ gentleman boKi ^nd triad. r ^ew. came'to eaming my.br^adbefore. I'm .8k for W,1Uan> ce, why, you cn r»-1rthBLmin' Xou-Iaim^ be lighthouse^eeper. ItV easy. I I iut *otto '£ Oh,*said I. ' | ToB^eWdiei fcottlusplMe through a-nch ,mtt who had . fa flaence. Those who gave it to me "fwrjsaw ma B!,I die aome day, I why, here you ai^intheplaoe. If f unffl tW^ iZT' bM8 Btm yon know your duties.' . - Wellj it's shamming,' said X, * but afterall, whatdoei anyone care what my name is, and whut shall I call your * Call me nothing,' Mid he. 'Call me Captain, as you ? did when I met yon, but never speak of me to any one.'' Gentleman or no, be wasn't lazy. He didn't care how he worked. . The lamps wereas bright as jewels. There wasn't a speck of dirt in the whole tower. Bntlet any boat come nigh us, away he went andhid himself, and came outwithawhite, saored face and a shaking land. At night he was afraid to go up to the lamps alone, and he'd look over his shoulder and turn white as wis stood together. At last he took a new tarn. He stood staring for awhile. Then he spoke to me in a low voice: ' Brace, do you believe in ghosts f 'I hadn't considered the question,' I answered. 'Well,' said he, Boftlier than I before,' look into that corner,' and he pointed. I look. I 'Don't yon see,, anything?' be asked. ' No,'«idl;'no, Oappen.' 'Ah,' he muttered, /very wellj rery well. I'm glad yon don't.' j But that wasn't nothing, to phat , happened the-very next night. We slept in two bunks nigh each other, 1 and naturally when he woke up with a yell I woke too. He was shrieking and shaking and wringing his hands. 'The woman] the woman!' he said. 'She stood here just now, all I red with blood. It dripped down the j white ruffles. It dripped on her hands. Stop her! stop ber 1 She has gone to call them> - Stop her ! stop herl' . " . Where did she-go P" I asked. Hp stared at me with his wide open eyes, all the whites showing, below acd i above. " I ' She couldn't have been here,' said ' he. ' It was a dream.' I ' Lord love you-a nightmare,' said I. So we went to sleep again. Bat I j beard o£ the woman so often after that that I grew used to her. The i Oappen, as I called bin, got to be : worse and worsn every day. I wanted to go ashore and fetch the doctor, but he would not hear to it. He raved if I tried to leave him. At last there came a hot, hot. night, in June. It was burning bot all day, and a dead calm at night. Aboatd&rk; the Oappen went to sleep, and I went and sat where I could see the water and the lightB ashore. It was 60 clear that 1 could hear the sailors in a Spanish ship moored not far away singing in their foreign lingo. And I was sort of quiet and dreamy like, when something happened that waked me mighty wide and sudden., Some thing was standing on the steps below me, something white. Something came toward me. It was a little slender figure, with long hair all about it? shoulders, I couldn't see,its face. I don't think I reB)]y saw it plainly at all, Bat it went past me softly while I looked, and I knew it was a women in a white raffled gown, and tbat she had gone to the room where my master lay. I shook too hard for a moment to move' bnt as soon as I oonld I started lip to go to him. . Just then a voice cried; 'Lighthouse, ahoy !'? I answered, * Aye, aye,' and Btopped a bit. Duty first of all things with a sailor. ? A boat lay at the -foot oftbe steps, and four men jumped out of it. ' We want William Brace, keeper of. this lighthouse,'said one, a big man in a linen ovensoat. .I'mone that answers to the name, says 1. He swung a lantern over my bead. 'Search the place,,mymen,' said be. There was BO use: siyingany thing; but I did try to stopthem. - ' I've got* -sick friend" aloft,' saysl. ' Don't disturb him. I'm afraid, .the woman will steer him, anyhow, he'B so low.' ' What woman f'aaidbe. .The one that came aboard with you, sir,'said I. ; : 'No woman came with as,' be snarled. .. ' Stand .aside. Men, do yon duty.' Tbey wentnpstairs. ; 1 followed. I saw them walk into tbeCappen'sroom. I heard tbem cry out and stand still, j When I got to the door they stood "in >a row looking down on tha bed,, I looked, too. Man or woman couldn't' frighten the oappen mors., He was dead. 'What had he done P' I asked the officer. ' Killed bis wife,' said lie, * that's all. No doabtihe deserved it; but it's not' allowed by law when tbby do.' I 'God help bin),"9 'said I. -Boston I ? VUde. ? -....?.. I A collision occurredinthe harbbr. 'on-Itoegdar-forenoon between -the Manly steamer Cygnet and the etruittig Swansea, the! tlijbfly' 