for anyone who, is insarne,", she said,; ' deliberately. ' / " Of course it isforany orieinsane fk ; and he laughed nervously. vl . . "To be ,sure;Sq her no injury, :why- should it distress- you to see her spirit ? ' "No, why ' should it ? But then it. isn't pleasant to be haunted by a spi rit." "I don't think that I should mind, so long as I had done it no injury whilem the body. But tell me, Mr. Hughes — you see, I know your name — what your cousin was like ? Then David described Gwen so faith fully that any doubt Hesther had was for ever dispelled. She knew for cer tain that her companion had., indeed been the poor girl who had escaped from the asylum, and Hesther felt con vinced that she had been unjustly con fined there. She rejoiced that circum stances had so far favored Gwen. When they reached Poplar House, Hesther bade her companion adieu, and on entering she at once proceeded to the parlor, where Miss Willoughby was seated. The latter looked up "quickly as the girl entered. "Have you been walking with that man who is staying with the doctor?" The question was abruptly -asked, and Hesther saw that the old lady was displeased. "I have walked home with him. I met him near to Sommerton Park, and he spoke to me," she replied, in a straightforward manner. "Like his impudence! Girl, that man has the face of a villain, and I am surprised at Dr. Lloyd associating with him." "They were schoolfellows," said Hes ther quickly. She liked the doctor too well to have him traduced in any way. "I know that; but if on? boy grows up an honest, good man, and the other a villain, they ought to part company; and you should have ignored him when he spoke to you. You know I dislike the man, and you had no right to speak to him. Do you hear ?"' said the arbi trary old lady. Hesther drew herself up a trifle proudly. "The circumstances were peculiar ; " and she repeated what David Hughes had said, without telling that she her self had seen the face above the wall. "He thought he saw a ghost, did he ? Was he sober?" asked Miss Willough by. "I believe he was." "Very well, then, my opinion is that if this Mr Hughes is so afraid of his cousin's ghost, he has done her some wrong. Very likely put her into an asylum to get her money. There are \ such things done even nowadays. I y told you the man was a villain, and you'll find he will be proved one. Poor girl, I wish she had come to me," said the old lady, in a gentler tone than usual. For a minute Hesther was tempted to tell her what a strange complication had arisen through that unfortunate railway accident. Then she resolved to hold her peace, as her short ex perience of Miss Willoughby had taught her that if there was one thing she disliked more than another, it was to be deceived. "Yes, I would have befriended her," she said, emphatically, when Hesther did not reply ; "but as for this ghost, It's all humbug. It is the man's own conscience; and mark me, Miss Blair, you hold no further communication with him. I won't have it. Do yop hear ? " Hesther meekly replied that she did, hnd left the parlor, and proceeded to her own chamber in order to remove her outdoor things. But instead of do ing so she sat down, and began ponder ing the enigma. Here was she, Hesther Baynes, bear ing a false name, probably one invent ed by the poor girl who was trying to escape from her sad fate. Then some unknown girl had been buried as Gwendoline Ap Rhees ; probably the friends of this unfortunate being were sorrowing that not even her remains had been discovered — as had happened in several cases, only a heap of charred hones being found—while the real Gwen was passing as Hesther Baynes, and filling the post she was \u nave held. . It would be a difficult matter to set right, but Hesther decided it must be done. Dr. Lloyd had: told her that Da- Hughes had succeeded to his cous- feftB fortune, and she had little doubt that money was at the bottom of the | poor girl's detention in an asylum. How that she had escaped, it was only right that her sanity should be established, cpd on that point Hesther had no doubt. The girl who had "trayelled with her had been perfectly sane. Once that was proved, she. could claim her for- tune, and then Hesther -could resume he pwn name, which she was glad to think' m chapter of accidents "had 'made "so Bpeful. i (To be Continued,' \- ' wmmm -/-'f P". %' 