jj Wpiiderfu! ,,,Woiiiaii. ... chapter xxx. Between the old life and the new. Kitherine was the least embarrassed of the fchfee. As Lady Cecil- strove to speak and broke down, she took her <n her arm£ and kissed her. 'You will let me, I know,' she said, un worthy as I have been. Forgive me if you can, and let me be your sister. I ask no more.' 'Forgive you !' Cecil echoed. ' I for give you ! I, who for twenty years have usurped your name, your rank, your birthright ! Forgive you, who by my mother have been wronged beyond all reparation ! When I think of all, of all you have suffered, of— ' Don't think of it,' pKatherine inter posed, gently ; 'I never shall again, if I can help it. Of you my thoughts are all sweet and tender. You were kind to me when' — ' Others who had a better t ight were not,' the earL said. 'Katherine, what shall I say to you ? What can I say ?' ' Say nothing,' she interrupted, hastily ; ' neither were you to blame in the least. The fault, the blame, is all with the dead. Letthe-oead rest. The day may come when I can forgive even her. It has not come ye\ You thought me what I was — an adventuress, and you treated me accordingly. You did your duty. Have no fear for me. The secret shall be a secret through all time. The world shall never know. Lady Cecil is still your daughter. For me my life shall be peaceful and harmless — at least, here with my friends. I think I know what you have come to say — it will be useless to say it. Nothing can shake 'my resolu tion. I remain here; Lady Cec'l returns with you. When you come to visit me, I will gladly welcome you ; when you are away, Twill hear from you, I hope, and rejoice in your welfare. Make the story known, take her place, claim you as my i father— 1 never will. And the laws of the Medes and Persians,' with her old, rare, bright smile, ' were as reeds to be broken compared to my will.' They remonstrated, they argued, they entreated, in vain. Nothing could move her. p.? All should remain as though Kath erine Dangerfield indeed had never risen from among the dead. She would remain with Mrs. Otis, they return to their own world. 'And what will you do ?' his lordship asked, in a broken voice. Something in her grand renunciation touchecJ him, as nothiug perhaps in his whole life had ever touched him before. It won for her what else she might never have' won — his honour, his love. ' I. will teach music — not a very hard life, after all — and I will live with my mother and brother — here. Ah, never were mothet and brother in this world more loving, more faithful than they 1 And, as I said, you will come to see me sometimes, and you will try to believe this — that I shall not be unhappy. The knowledge that I am doing right— that I am atoning for the wrongs of the past- will be happiness in itself.' The tears of Lady Cecil, the earnest urging of the earl, were alike in vain. Katherine remained. There was a smile on her face as she watched them drive awayrr-fa smile'thit made her the Kather ine of old, Her dark, earnest eyes lin gered last on the sweet ' flo»ver face ' of La Reine Blanche. 'She will be happy as Sir Arthur Tre- genna's wife,' she thought. ' It will be an easy task to learn to love him. Lord Ruysland and Cecil went back to their stately rooms at Fenton's, St. James's-street, to find Sir Arthur Tre- genna, in a fever of impatience, awaiting them. On the receipt of Lady Cecil's letter, with an extraordinary intelligence he had hurried up from Cornwall, follow ed them to London, and stood before them now, still wondering, incredulous, almost indignant. . The earl left them alone — he knew what was to, come. ! 'It .is all .perfectly, true,' Lady Cecil told him, calmly. Miss Herncastle, or Katherine Dangerfield, as she chose henceforth to , call herself, was Lord Ruys- land's Idaughter. , She herself But what need to repeat that story ? And he was free — nothing could alter that. He pleaded as though he had really loved her. Thestory made no difference to him— she was worthy a ducal coronet. Let all the world know it, it would be the great happiness of his life to make hers.1:' : - ' '| A 11! liuhl' 'she answered, wearily. ' You know; it>can never be. You are all goodness, but you cannot deceive your self nor me. You do not love me — you never have. , Nc— do not speak — it is no fault, of yours ; only, why try to make yourself believe you do? And I do not Iovetyou. My pride, my ambition, would not let me tell you before. To gratify them I would have married you. You deserve better than that, Sir Arthur. If my heart were free, I might, in spite of all, yield to the temptation, and accept your generous offer. But it is not. It is due to you to tell you I love one from whom I have parted for ever — one whom I never expect to see again. I have loved him with my whole heart for six years.' He was not surprised. He would not acknowledge it to himself, but a great, a sudden sense of relief filled his heart at his freedom. '1 think I must have dimly suspected all along,' he said. 'It is' A pause. Slie1 finished the sentence quietly. It is Captain Redmond O'Donnelh' CHAPTER XXXI. HOW IT ENDED. 1 It was a brilliant April day. r That never to be forgotten August, and all the bright summer, the yellow autumn, the chill grey winter months had worn away. March had howled and blustered through the leafless trees of Scarswood Park, and now April, soft and sunny, .smiling and showering, was here, clothing all the land in living green. The bright afternoon was at its bright est as Lady Cecil Clive took her seat in a rustic chair, under the King's Oak, her skdtch book in her lap, the flickering lines of yellow light slanting on her uncovered head. Pearl and Pansy played at hide and seek along the terraces and through trees. Lady Dangerfield, in the drawing room, plaved waltzes on the piano ; and Lady Cecil let books and pencils fall list lessly, and sat, 'lost in memory's mazes.' Rightlmonths had passed and gone since August day when Sir Arthur Tre- genna had stood by h?r side at yonder sunny boudoir window. Eight months since, in the hotel parlour, he had pleaded with her to marry him — pleaded while all his heart was another's —pleaded and in, vain. They had met but once since then, and then how differently ! He had gone abroad, and resumed » wandering lite. . Before going, however he had called upon Katherine — a most unsatisfactory and embarrassing meeting for both. Why he had gone he could hardly have told ; some 'spirit in his feet, ' — some spirit in his heart. He went be cause he could not leave Englend for years without seeing her. There was very little bo say on either side — a mut ual restraint held them — the interview had been silent and short — He looked into the pale, grave, thoughtful face, into the sad, large ey"es, and Knew more strong ly than he hed ever known it before that this woman, of all the women on earth, was the only one he ever had or ever would love. And knowing it he had left her. Was it not wisest ? Earl of Ruysland's daugh ter she might be, injured beyond all re paration she might be, but also she had been an adventuress none the less. He was very proud-proud ofhis old lineage, his spotless name, his untainted descent. No whisper had ever been breathed against the women of his race ; should he be the first to blot their escutcheon? She had suffered greatly, but also she had sinned. She had plotted and worked for revenge. She had been an actress. She had been at the very altar, the bride of a worthless wretch. She had stooped to pla/ upor that superstitious Sir Peter's fears — to play the ghost. She had acted a lie, acted a doubly deceitful part. And he turned his back resolutely upon England and her, and went wander ing over the world, striving to forget. But fergetfulness would not come. ' How is it under our control to love or not to love ?' He could not banish her memory, or the love with which she had inspired him, from his heart. The pale, wistful lace, the dark, sad eyes followed him, haunted him, wherever he went. And just three months after his departure there came to Miss Dangeifielsi a letter post marked Constantinople pouring forth all his doubts, all his scruples, all hislove —a full confession. He could not be happy without her — would she be his wife ? Her answer was a refusal. ' I would indeed be unworthy the great compliment you pay me,' she wrote, ' if I accepted your generous offer. My life has gone wrong from first to last ; all the years that are to come willjbe too few for atonement: Sir Arthur Tiegenna's wife must be above reproach. No one in the future shall lift the finger of scorn, and say the last of a noble line disgraced it by marrying me. It is utterly impossible, Sir Arthur, that I can be your wife But the knowledge that I once won a heart so true, so noble, will brighten all my life.' He had written to her again, and she had answered, gently, but with unflinch ing resolution. Again he wrote, again she replied, and the correspondence went on between them. During that winter long letters from every city in Europe came to the residence of Henry Otis. And so — they hardly knew how— they grew to understand one another as they might never have done else. She learned as the months went by, to look for the coming ol those pleasant, white winged messengers as gleams of sunshine in her sober, drab coloured life, As for him — how eagerly Sir Arthur Tregenna had welcomed the replies, only Sir Arthur Tregenna knew. Lord Ruysland had gone aboard. There was al ways a little amusement and gamb ling at Baden Baden and Homburg. To Baden and Hurrburg the noble Earl went. For Cecil, her home was still at Scars- wood — occasionally doing duty as govern ess, vice Miss Herncastle, resigned, In London Katherine's was a busy life. She had as many music pupils as she could attend, and she worked indefatig- ably. Her home in the Otis residence « was a- peaceful, a pleasant one. No. mot her could have loved her more tenderly than Mrs. Otis ; no brother half so well as Henry Otis, She had her foreign letters, too, growing strangely precious, and as winter warmed into spring there was a sudden and most unlooked for visit from their writer. . .'In the spring a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts ot love.' Well! not quite, that, perhaps— Sir Aithur's thoughts turned lightly upon Jfew things least of all that; A great longing to see her, to her face, had come upon him far off in Africa, -All one white Eastern night he lay- awake, watching the yellow stars through the opening of his tent, and thinking of . her. . Next morning he started for England. All the rest— ihis: journeyings by sea' and land — -was but a feverish dream, until the reality came, and he was standing in the little, drawing room at Mr, Otis's holding her hand, and looking into the sweet, gravely thoughtful eyes. Was' she growing beautiful, ,:he wondered ;was it' only the blindness and glamour of love, or— and this 'was most likely— was T't the serene sweetness of - an altered life shining through the deep grey eyes? Again he pleaded — -again she refused. ' It cannot be — it cannot 1 Oh, believe and forgive me! It is impossible that I after all that is past, can ever marry 1' ' Always the ast l'he cried, bitterly. Does all your suffering, all your wrongs, all your atonement go for nothing? If I can forget the past, Katherine, ' surely you may.' 'You forget it now. In the years to come you may be forced to remember it, and, as your wife, I don't think I could bear that. ? . ' Am i a scoundrel in your ejes 1' he cried out, a passion in his voice very new there, that, having won you for my wile, I should evefgive you cause to repent it ?' ' I did riot mean that. T think, nothing of you but what is generous .and noble. If you repented, I know well I . should never see it, if you could helpi it, but I think I should see it for all that. She who was once Helen Herncastle can never be Lady Tregenna.' He turned away from her — such keen disappaintment, such bitter pain, written in his face, that hr heart relented, She liked him so much — so much that she be gan to wonder if the liking were not lov ing. It was hardly possible such noble, disinterested, enduring love as his should not beget love. ' Oh forgive me.' she penitently cried,' if I have wounded you ! Indeed, I did not mean it! I do like you, but it is for your good, your happiness, 1 speak, cannot you see that ?' ' I can see nothing but that without you my life will go wrong — will be utterly miserable. Katherine, I love, you, What more can I say ? Love me in return, and be my "wife.' He held out his arms. For a moment she stood irresolute— longing, yet dread ing to go. for his sake. 'Come to me,' he pleaded, 'my bride: — my wifel Forget the past has ever been — it shall never come between us 1 Come and make the happiness of my life !' And then, as he enfolded her, and her head fell on his shoulder, Katherine knew that peace had found her out at last. She told him all her story — every, de tail of her life, painting what was dark in its darkest colours. He should never many her not knowing the worst, among the rest, of a strange fancy for Redmond O'Donnell, ' I don't pretend to understand it,' she said. 'It may have been part of the fatal ity that has been at work from the first to care for the two, men, of all men,' who could never care for me — Gaston Dantree and Redmond O'Dormell. The first was but a foolish girl's foolish admiration, for a handsome face ; the last — ah, well, it might have ripened into love, but it is gone now — gone for ever. I would never give you or any man on earth my hand if my heart might not go with it. You do me great honour, Sir Arthur Tregenna, in asking me'to be your wife ; and as you trust me, so you will find me — your lov ing and faithful wife to the end.' Three weeks later, in the lo/ely April weather- Sir Arthur Tregenna, Bart., and Miss Katherine Dangerfield were quietly married in London — married from Henry Otis's house in a quiet church in the neigh bourhood. There was but one bridesmaid, — Lady Cecil Clive ; and in her white robes, her gossamer veil, her bridal blos- some, the sweet, tender, tremulous happi ness of her face, Katherine was lovely. Lord Ruysland gave away the bride — he had come express from Baden-Baden for the purpose — and the great Cornish baro net was his son- in-law at last. There was a breakfast at the houj-e. and Mrs. Otis cried a great deal. If Henry Otis felt in his heart of hearts like keep ing her company, no one there discovered it. He bore it with philosophy, but then he had vowed to get the better of that ill- starred passion, and he was a man, whether to himself or others, to keep his word. Immediately after the ceremony, the ' happy pair ' (words of bitter satire often — words true in the highest sense here) started for a prolonged continental tour.' Lord Ruysland went back to Germany. Lady Cecil returned to Scax-swood, to my lady's dreary wailings, to Sir Peter's prosy companionship. It Redmond OLDoniiell's bronzed, sombre face and stern blue eyes came back to her from over the sea a hundred times a day, his name never once passed her lips, ) She sits, this April afternoon, under the hoary oak,, her hands playing listlessly.with her pencils, the tender green" of earth, the' tender b lue of sky, the sunlit loveliness , of both un seen. She sits thinking, she is far away in the past— so far that she wakes at last with a start. „ L Thinking is profitless work, , and presently, with a long, tired' sighj' she' takes up her pen cils and Bristol board and begins to work but thought follows her even here— the landscape she would, sk'etchygrows blurred before her eyes, and if isV face she draws — a face, every expression, every outline of which is graven on her heart. ) .. She hears a footstep approaching up the avenue, but no one in whom she is the least interested ever comes to Scarswood, so she does not look up.. She' goeson with her work, so absorbed that she forgets all about the. intruder. Ac sees her afar off, and pauses a moment to look at her. The afternoon sun shine gilds the sweet, fair, drooping face, and kindles into a halo the bronze hair. Slowly he draws nearer, stepping on the grass that he may not disturb her. He comes close— so close that he can look-over her shoulder 'and see That it is that, holds "her so absorbed. Then he speaks, close beside her, and very coolly.: - -> - . (To be continued) 