A QUESTION FOR THE DOCTOR. Would it not be desirable to consult the doctor as to which soap commends itself to our uses, as so many skins are ruined past redemption by Inferior soaps I Peaks'Soap is rcemiimonrled by the highest skin so that a lies in the world. Dr. Redwood, PhD.. FCS., F.I.C.. whose opinion is unimpeachable, says, "I have never come scraps another toilet soap which so closely OOJSM up to my ideal of iwrfwlJon." A Ghost on Wiiekls.-The Age states that some uneasiness has been created among residents of Richmond by the appearance of the mischievous idiot who has been figuring in the northern suburbs. The " ghost " was seen in three different parts of Richmond on the night of the 10th inst., its movements being characterised by a remarkable celerity of pace. The first intimation regarding it was received from a youth who was badly frightened in a small, dark thoroughfare branding off Punt road, opposite the Richmond Cricket Ground. He states that he first observed in the distance the figure of a man in a soft black hat and big overcoat of the same colour, moving along at about the pace of a bicyclist. When within about 10 yards of him the figure whirled round and, throwing open the great coat, exhibited the words, "Prepare to meet thy doom in luminous paint. The youth, aghast with fright, stood motionless, while the figure it sped noiselessly towards the Yarra-park, Half an hour later a few minutes to 12 o'clock - the sight ' watchman in Simpson's-road felt something whizz past him at great speed, and saw a dark object disappear into a thoroughfare on the opposite side of the street. He followed and was just in time to see it scale a fence over 6ft. high. Later on Constable Conroy encountered the same figure at the intersection of Highett and Lennox-street, North Richmond, but it darted off into Separation-street at a speed that is estimated by the constable at 20 miles an hour. Conroy as soon as the figure moved guessed what it was and called out, " Stop, or I'll fire, but the threat was unheeded. He states, I was well within shooting range, but I had no revolver with me. The figure seemed to move along in leaps and bounds of from 12ft. to 15ft., making no sound beyond a slight slinking from something attached to its feet or legs. I ran my harriett, but I was outpaced alter I had gone about 100yds, I saw the object draw up near a gas lamp, a quarter of a mile ahead, and I got within 25yds. of it, again calling out, 'If you don't stand I'll fire.' In a moment the object has disappeared from view." It is generally believed that the masqueraders rate of speed is due to an apparatus after the principle of roller skates, with pneumatic tires to the roller. A Strangs Colony It may not be generally known that there is a Bellamy colony near Mount Lebanon, Pennsylvania. It has been in existence now nearly three years, and is said to have in successful operation a co-operative grocery, a meat market, and a cigar factory. It has also in course of erection several houses that are being built by the members, who receive pay for the materials, and work on the buildings in exchange for certificates of the Association, and which in turn are exchanged for any article produced by the colony or its members. Three years is not a very (long time, but so far the colony seems to have you ceeded. A Mother's Testimony Extract from a private letter : " I do not think I should be doing my duty if I did not speak up for Benger's Food, it had simply been the means of bringing my baby boy back to UZ." Benger's Food most clasfeiouL nutritive and Eastertide. It is 