A Queer Religion. ANGEL DANCERS OF NEW JERSEY^ A DENOMINATION OF HALE.A DOZEN A MAN CLAIMS DIVINITY. HIS FIRST CONVERTS. HERE is a history about an old farm house that stands out on a yellow country road, some three miles from the little village of Park Ridge, N.J. All about it the bees drone among the hollyhocks, and out in the ancient' orchard the shrill cicadas are singing their autumn death songs. Back of the big rambling house stands a little pine shanty, and in the shanty sits an old man peggigg shoes, 'Tap, tapP' goes his patient hammer, keeping time to the song of the cicadas and the drone of the bees. The old man used to own the big house and the orchard and the land about it, but he is penniless now. They belong -to the ' Church of the Living God.' Out in the orchard two withered and strange old women are gathering peaches. One of them sits astride a limb, while the other gathers the fallen fruit and loads it into a little handcart. The Farm House. ' Where is the master of the house ? ' you ask. ' Glory to God !' replies one. 'Praise the Lord!' exclaims the-;other. The old man pegging shoes is Hermann Storms, and the two old women are dis ciples of that strange fanatic, Huntsman Mnason, who claims that he is 'God,' and who is engaged in a constant athletic fight with the deviL In this fight, some how or. other, poor old Hermann Storms has been included with the devil, and has lost his farm and all his possessions to Mnason and his disciples. This self-made god and two or three of his followers have just finished a year's imprisonment injthe Trenton Gaol for an attempt to defraud old man Storms out of his house and farm. While the precious worthies were,, in gaol the 'spirit of re pentance,' according to fanatic Mnason, worked in the breast of Mr. Storms, and he deeded all his worldly property to his daughter Mary, one of the most rabid of the long haired preacher's followers. While Mnason and his ' angel dancers ' were in gaol the life of old man Storms was calm and peaceful. Unfortunately, however, the crime of which they were convicted could not be punished by eternal banishment from the old farm. They were released from the Trenton Gaol a few days ago, and they again descended upon Happy Valley in a bunch. Since then the 'angel dances' have been re sumed, with more secrecy than formerly, perhaps, but' with all their old-time vigor. So much for the history of Happy Valley unto date. I paid a visit to the old farmhouse last week, says an American journalist. There were no visible signs of life about the place, and nothing could be heard but the constant tap of the shoemaker's hammer in the back yard. A knock at the door brought out a volley of echoes. Fpr all the bright sunshine about the place, it had a.haauted look that was depressing. Mrs. Storms and Mary. There -was a sound of quick, nervous footsteps, and one of the ghosts came to the wire screened door. It was Mary Storms, the youngest disciple of the lot. She was as pale as a spirit. Her eyes were blue and filmy and looked aB though they were without pupils. They were ringed by heavy dark circles and con tained the fanatical gleam peculiar to a diseased mind. She evidently looked upon me as an emissary of the deviL She stepped back, put her hand on her heart, and her lips parted in a quick gasp. ' Does Mr. Mnason live here ?' I in quired. 'I don't know— that is, Til— Til eee. Why do you ask ?' she replied. At that instant an old woman stepped rapidly, to the door and surveyed me from head to foot. . Under her annahe carried a big platter of sliced peaches, -which she clenched in her hand so tensely that her finger nails were white. It was Mrs. Storms, the -wife of the ancient shoemaker, and the mother of Mary. Her eyes had the same opalescent, jellyfish gleam that was marked in. the orbs of the younger woman, and the circles under them -were, if possible, more ^dark and suggestive 'of unquiet thoughts. 'DoesMr.Manson live here P' I asked again. . **T do not know whether he does prnot,' Bhe replied cautiously. 'What do you ?want with him? Are yon a reporter? If so, yon camnot wee him. Reporters are in struments of 'the deviL ~ We have been pestered to death with them. Glory to Oodl' 'I am a reporter, and I want to chronicle Mr. Mnasoh's-acts faithfully and without bias; For that reason I want to have a talk with him, Who knowathset I may. not become a convert ?' 'Converts do not come disguised as re porters. They come of their own free ||1L Yon,cannot- seehim.-' :? ' . ^/v ,* 'Praise the Lord,** came in a hoarse' trumpet bla&t; from somewhere np stairs. Then ,the two pale and ghostly women jumped twice into the air and cracked their heels together and vanished into the kitchen. In the meantime the tap! tap! of the sepulchral hammer had kept time in a sort ol Runic rhyme to the conversation. I found the aged patriarch Storms, who 'had j?iven up his house, to the 'Church of the Living God,' wrestling earnestly with* i pair of brogans. He is old and grey headed and, grey bearded and bent with years and Borrows. Never- a word would he say of the queer doings in, his house hold. He looked at me with his deep aet eyes, and said that he did not care to talk upon the subject. : I left him at his monotonous. occupation and started for the front gate. As I turned the corner of the house I came face to face with Mnason, the self-constituted Saviour. - He bore an appearance of prison pallor. His once long and flowing grey locks were cut short, and his whiskers were as stubbly as a bath brush. He looked at me as though he had seen a ghost. 'Are you God?' I asked. 'Alae! Alas! Glory to God,' he re plied, 'people call me God; you may call me God. I shall not say nay. Praise the Lord!' ^ 'I should imagine that you have had a pretty hard time of it since last year. Tell me how it happened.' ' The Dutch Reformed Church is respon sible for it. But God u my strength. He never deserts the weak. Glory !'* ' If you are weak, how is it that you are God ? Should you not defend your self against the snares of the devil ? * God prevails.' 'Yes; God prevails. I am everybody. I am like many other biblical characters. I am like Jacob, I am like Samuel and others honored by God. I have come out of the wilderness of temptation.'* ' What do you propose to do ?' 'Praise God I will preach the truth. When you look at me you look at an angeL I will bear my cross and preach the truth. Hallelujah!' ' What is the truth ?' ' I am against all forms. Marriage is a mistake. The laws of men are a mistake. The Lord is my shepherd and his laws shall prevaiL' ' Shall you continue the angel dances ?' 'I shall continue to fight the devil in my own way with the help of God.' Then Huntsman Mnason strolled slowly away with bent head in the direction of the apple orchard, where the two old women were gathering- fruit. At this moment a tall, cadaverous looking indi vidual, with hair that hung down to his shoulders, and whiskers a foot or so longer, sailed by on a bicycle. He looked like a human cormorant on a ' bender.' It was 'John the Baptist.' He gave me one look as he passed, and then bent to his wheel and scooted away with a speed worthy of Zimmerman. 'Silas the Pure' was not to be found. He, together with 'John the Baptist,' figured as 'John Doe' and 'Eichard Eoe' in the- complaint of the indignant Jerseyites against the colony. With the arrival of Huntsman Mnason from Jthe Trenton Gaol, the extraordinary scenes around the old Storms homestead are being enacted over again. Hermann Storms, who, while the 'faithful' were in gaol, indulged in an occasional refreshing beef steak, is again being fed on pounded rice boiled into a jelly, turnips, potatoes, and 'buttermilk pap.' Storms the Cobbler. Not only this, but he is no longer allowed to sit at a table by himself, but is compelled to sit bolt upright between 'John the Bap tiste ' and ' Silas the Pure,' while Saviour Mnason sits at the head of the table and dispenses 'buttermilk pap' and vege tables. The little colony looks upon meat as the food of the devil, and it is the con stant diet of pap and porridge that causes the intense whiteness of their complexions. It is generally at meal times that the 'angel dances' are inaugurated, and 'the stock of dishes at ' Happy Valley ' has to be constantly replenished by reason of the enormous breakage during these butterfly evolutions. During my visit to the Storms house I met a man who was present at one of the dances. 'Mnason had tried to .get me into his way of thinking for a long time,' said he, 'but I could never do it. I looked upon him as a harmless. lunatic I knew the Storms family before his arrival and I always looked upon them as quiet . and hard-working people, with a decided bent for ? religions subjects. On one occasion I was over at the Storms house one evening on business and was asked to remain to supper. . It may have been that they wanted to show me the advantages of ' angel dancing,' so that I would join. At any rate they had one of the liveliest dances I ever saw right there. After Mnason had. said grace everybody began to eat. it was like the mourners' bench at a revivaL There was no meat on the table, although the folks looked as though they were suffering for it. Now and then one of them would stop long enough to shout ' Praise the Lord! ' and ?Glory to God!' 'Finally, when Mnason had eaten enough he seemed to make up his mind that something was wrong. ' Ihe devil is Mnason the Prophet. among us/ he shouted. ? Chase him away! Chase him away!' At this old Jane Howells got up and began to prance around the table as fast as she could. ' 'Jump over it,* shouted Mnason. She put her hand on 'John the Baptist's' shoulder, and sailed over the table almost without touching a dish. Then she com menced to cavort around . us again until she had covered fourteen laps. 'During all this time the others were clapping their hands,7/ 'praising the Lord,' and spurring, the \\)!d {woman to renewed efforts. She got wilder and wilder, and finally jumped np on tte table and aloBhed around among the vegetable dishes. She sttpped on. a ttig cate and i *-?? ? --i ?»? mashed it fiat. This was regarded as a great f6at. t ; ' In the meantime old man Storms, who had not yet finished eating, grabbed some ? buttermilk pap ' and fled. The old woman kept on dftftorng among the vegetables until she had' overturned nearly all of them. Then she sat down by 'John the Baptist,' panting with exertion, amid the rapturous exclamations of her dis ciples. 'This ircLB ^she ordinary angel dance, but it did not: end here. Things would have quieted down if 'John the Baptist' had not leaned over and made an affectionate remark to the panting Mrs. Howells. Mnason heard it, and waxed wroth. He jumped up and kicked the table over. - 'Away went the turnips, potatoes, 'buttermilk pap* and dishes with a great clatter. In an instant Mnason and ' John the Baptist' were clinched like a pair of cats, and rolling over the floor among the debris, fighting for dear life. 'John the Baptist.' ''Silas the Pure,' in trying to part them, received a quantity of mashed pota toes in the left eye. Then the women took a hand, and the dishes began to fly. You could have heard the noise of combat a mile away. When they got through there was mashed turnips and buttermilk pap on the windows and walls,: and mashed potatoes on the ceiling. The floor was covered with broken dishes, and the place looked as though it had been up* turned by an earthquake. 'In their struggles the disciples had rolled over and over on the floor until their clothes were covered with provender. When quiet had been restored Mnason said, 'Praise the Lord,' and the others said ' Amen - * That settled it. I did not join the church of the living God.' Mrs. Howells and Mrs. Berry, who gather the fruit from the orchard, wore strange white dresses and straw hats that make them look like old time Jacobites. They will not talk of their belief, whatever it may be, but will answer any question you may put, with rapturous exclamations. They use a little hand cart for the work, and are so industrious that they have done more to ward the management and maintenance of Happy Valley than even 'John the Baptist ' and ' Silas the Pure.' Since Mnason's release from gaol he has been more quiet and circumspect in his acts, and more subdued in his teachings. It is not likely that the New Jersey authorities will permit any of the disturbances that marked his former reign at the Storms mansion. The neigh bors claim that his influence over the female portion of the household is hyp notic in its character. Their appearance would certainly indicate such a thing. Now that Hermann Storms had made over the farm to his daughter, the hands of New Jersey justice will be tied to. a cer tain extent. From the talk among the neighbors, however, it seems likely that if there is a renewal of the old time disturb ances the modern Samuel and his discipies will receive a visitation of tar and fea thers. That strange things still take place in and around the old house was made evi dent as I took my departure. It was nightfall, and as I passed down the road I saw the light of a lantern flitting around the house at a great rate. I went back, and, as I stepped through the gate, I saw 'John the Baptist' in a long, white robe, tearing around, grunting like a prize porker. When I hailed him he disap peared as if by magic. He was probably exercising the devil that Huntsman Mnason avers haunts the place. Where a promiscuous crowd of people, soldiers, or a clump of shrubbery are de sired — and it is not necessary to indi vidualise^ — they can be designated by their names and the location given, thus: Crowd beyond Cdl2, buildings Ab4, Cdl2, &c.; When it is necessary to locate a point in the chart between any of the lines in very exact work the words quarter, half, &c.;, can be u&ed; after the figures and letters, viz., 70half denotes a point half way between 70 and 71. Abhalf indicates a point half way between Ab and Ac This is only necessary in photographs and .exact work. Character of shading and descriptions to assist the receivers are given by a simple system of ciphers. The system is not nearly so complicated as it looks, but the important ' detail of time spent in drawing the original and in translating the message must be worked out in practice. The inventor himself does not pretend to be an artist at all, and yet he produces by his system outlines* of marvellous accuracy. Already pictures have been sent back and forth between Ogden and San Francisco, and in a few days it is intended to make a thorough test between Chicago and San Francisco over the leased wire of the Associated Press. The death of Dr. Windrum took place in Adelong on Saturday last. Deceased, who was highly respected, and has done a deal since his sojourn there towards developing the Thinin^ industry, by distributing capital in working different mines, went to ASelong over twenty years ago, after having 'spent a- short term' in Tumut. Although his practice of late years was not extensive, he was -careful in his treatment of patients who placed themselves under Ms care, and commanded their full con fidence. Although without relatives in the colony, in his last days deceased, who was 76 years of age, received careful attention from neighbors and others. The funeral, which took place on Sunday, was largely attended. 