Nb. I. PICTURES ON THE WALL. It is a common thing to hear persons speak of pictures in the fire, and De Quincy tells us how not a small number should be able to see pictures in clouds and very beautiful is the manner of the telling; but who, so far, has made chronicle of the pictures on the wall ? — the stained and delapiduted wall? — walls such as might have been occupied by Hood's seamstress, who, had she been an artist, which she was not, would have found in the blankness so much complained of an eloquence of presence, a great and sympa thetic company, an audience for a far more cheerful song than that of the shirt, an assemblage of shadow faces always in. terested, and yet never too obtrusive ? Personally speaking, I have toconfess that the faces alleged to exist in the glowing embers of one's fire are confined, if there be any recognisable at all, to the smug countenance of a dunning coal-merchant, or the sweat furrowed brow of his con fidental carter ; whilst with regard to the clouds, though I believe that they are all there, as the sporting scribe would say, I much prefer to accept the j word of De Quincy without going into i rpptures on the subject, and to own, also, to a lurking admiration for Hamlet's late friend Polonious, who, and far more quickly than he was able to express him self, was capable of seeing in one cloud alone, » camel, a weasel and a whale — and very possibly the first sea- serpent, too. To me both avenues of Idle employment are contemptible when compared with the shadows on the four dirty walls of which I am the nappy occupant, by tenancy of 3s Gd per week. There, the Turner gallery, the Dore gallery, could not be reckoned in the sai'e line — forests and mountains, hills, valleys and rivers, con tinents and seas 1 — My soul, my Bohemian soul, as full of enthusiasm as my purse is not of cash, goes rambl ing forth o'er trackless wastes, or reposes in solemn contemplation of the latest masterpiece in portraiture at its own sweet will. A collection of land and sea-scapes which, as transformation scenes at pantomime time will change effects with each fresh effort of the machinest, vary their forms with every additional smear. A zoological gardens which presents a fresh cage every other day 1 a portrait gallery of chance bat wonderfully accurate likenesses — these, . with battle scenes and weird resembl ances of seme of Dores illustra tions to tho Divine Comedy reduce your fire pictures to ashes, and scatter your cloud dreams into thinnest air. I love ray dirty walls, and they, I think, love me ; and just as gome men who delight in patched-up windows hate glaziersi and other men who, like Diogenes, respect their own looped and windowed raggednessh ate the sight of tailors — and by the way the sight of ' a tailor is hateful to quite a large number of persons who are not ragged at all — 1 so I loathe the appearance of a paper hanger who, to me, is just as foul an offence as the ? harmless, necessary, domestic cat was to Shylock. And yet of such a business is my landlord— on a very small scale, true — and were it not that he is pecunious, even beyond the nature of his kind, there is little doubt that he would, on some fine morning, take advantage of my absence to paper my favorite walls out of all artistic re cognition. For that niggardliness I am, I hope, thankful, as have my timc- slained comrades of poverty oblite rated with a reeking paste brush and vilely designed hundred yards of chalk, I would not for the world. Verily, I believe tlioy are the dirtiest four walls in back slum Christendom ; lovely varie gated walls which present as many features of design, and changes, too, as a poor artist has humors. Then above my mantelpiece I have, I venture to say, tho finest composite portrait extant, and yet it is only a collection of weather stains and other evidences of wear and. tear which overhang each other as six chance coats might a tramp's back in winter. A year ago, and it was as per fect a rough touch Mr. W. E. Gladstone as ever you would wish to bohold, collar and all. A week of solemn presence, each day developing a more pronounced feature, as the original is said to have done with Bills, and then a rainstorm caused a soaking which removed the bridge of tho nose and turned the collar into a beard, leaving me an equally good portrait of Sir Henry Parkes, nostril and everything else complete. The successors which those two eminent personages have had would perhaps exceed a scoro — changes in the weather, assisted by a few sly splashes from a tumbler, in which I am not ashamed to say I wash out my watercolor brushes, have returned conser vatives and liberals alternately, till now, as I glance up from this paper, I behold George Washington, and I think of the cherry tree which grow out of the back of Munchausen's war-horse— and the other?, being of white-heart variety, I detest. On other parts of the same wall, my great composite portrait in the chair as 'twere, I see faces as many and different as tho intensity and formation of the stains, and there are far more of these than I could easily count ; whilst, to tho riuht and left of me — the wall which separates me from a fellow-lodger equally beggarly but not half so merry, and the wall which has an eye in it, through which I some times look down into a corner of the city?s mean and sordid soul below — I may behold a complete menagerie, an alligator the . latest addition, a very fair battle of Trafalgur, and a study in beach waves so perfectly spray-like that. I can almostfaney I smell the ozone — A stretch of imagination in no way restrained by piy landlord's life's remark yesterday, that my room smells stiffy, and my land lord's wife's unmarried sister's expression of opinion the same morning that of all f,be idlo fellows in tho town your humble servant is the most so, and perhaps ttjie least worshipful to boot. Of my ceiling I shall say but little, although it has as mauy attractions for me when I am lying abed smoking the pipe of peace as the heavens are said to possess for tho astronomer ; whilst, as disturbances np in thesky havecharmsfortheweatherprophefc so has the . noise of a spilling jug or what -' not on the floor above delights for me, who, gazing up from my pillow, never knows but what an inspiration may. be gained through watching the rapid deve lopments of a design caused by a good soak-through. Why, only tho other day there appeared the most perfect head of Lear I ever saw, a beauty which set me wondering what the mad old King would have been had he not been born so many inches a monarch. Perhaps, had he been a simple gentleman of many centuries later he would have illustrated the truth that Colonel Newcombe was not original at all, or, being born a peasant, he might well have appeared at Yarmouth as Peg gotty the elder. . There i3 a wonderful resemblance in those three portraits, me thinks — what Lear wns as a king, New combe and Peggoty were as gentleman and^ peasant respectively, and either one,' - having been born in the position of the other, would very likely have acted in the same blundering benevolent way and have como to the same end. Verily three great men — by three great men ! No, the faces in the fire are all moonshine, woodeny things, as a critic used to say of my first portraits, merely so much smoke in which they happily all end. My wall stains I would not barter for all the fires in kingdom-come — and there will be plenty there, believe me — nor yet for as many clouds as the war corre spondents of London would like to see above the European horizon to-morrow. They are the illustrations of the most whimsical turns of an uncontrolled fancy. Nor are they confined to such base imageB as arise from a remembrance of the ordinary, everyday things which' are common to all of us. I\o, they also embrace illustrations of my unwritten, my never to be' written, ghost stories ; and just as phantom visitors. . used to come and lean over Longfellow in his arm-chair at that weird hour , which pre cedes the death of another day, bo, when the humor is en me do I have, staring down from those grimy walls, ' their soft and patient eyes the stars of my soul's firmament, many faces that were unwrinkled ere death took them from me — among them all, at least one flower like image of myself and her mother, unseared as I am not. fresh in the youth whose buttercup paths I passed throngh so' many years ago 1 — a curl-framed picture .' — the golden connecting link between an artist's temporal garret and a palace in Heaven. FALCON. 