ALL ALONG THE RIVER. CHAPTER XV (Continued) By MISS M. E BRADDON, Author of ‘Lady Audley’s Secret,’ ‘The Venetians, or All in Honor,’ ‘Aurora Floyd,' ‘The Cloven Foot,’ ‘Dand Men s shoes,’ ‘Just as I Am,’ ‘Taken at the Flood,’ ‘ Phantom Fortune,’ ‘ Like and Uuhk,’ ‘ Weavers and Weft,’ &c; , &c; ‘Allegrs, this means yes, does it not ? Our lives have flowed on together so pe[?]ce fully, so happily, since last October They are to mingle and flow on together to the great sea, are they not, love—tho aea of di-a'h and eternity ’ ' Do you re il y care for me ’ ’ 1 D 1 1 real y >dme you’ Yes, dear love. \\\ itli all uiy pi 11 ec ot adoration.’ ‘But you must have cared for other girl' before now I can’t believe that I am the first ’ • Believe, at least, that you will be the last, as you are the only woman I ever asked to he my wife ’ • Is til It really, really true ’’ 1 It is true as the needle tn the north ’ ‘Yet they say that eailore—' ‘Are generally tolerable dancers and popular in a ball room, especially when they are the gnera of the ball— hat they can talk ti pretty women without fueling ahasl od— and that they con'riv- to g t through a good deal of flirting without singing the-r wings. I have waltzed «ith a good many nice girls m my hme, Allegro, and I have sat out a giod many waltz" Yet I am here at your side, honestly and devotedly your own; and I have never loved any other woman with the love I feel No olnervvomm has ever held my whole heart; i o, not for a single hour ’ ‘ You make nice distinctions,’said Allegia, gentling disengaging herself from his arm, and looking at him with a fi int shy omile, very doubtful, yet very anxious to brheve ‘I in dreadfully afraid th t all this fine tall means not! mg more than you would say to my of your partner?, if you happened to be sitting out a waltz ’ ‘ Should I sk any of my partners to be my vTife, do you think ?’ ‘ Oh, you can withdraw that to morrow— forget and ignore it We may both consider it only a kind of under the- mistleton declaration, meaning no more tha i a mistletoe kiss I believe when English people were domestic and kept Christmas, the head of the family would have kissed his cook if he had met her under the mistletoe ’ ‘Allepra, is it not cruel of you to be jocose when I am ro ,remendou«ly serious ’’ ‘ What if I don’t believe in your eenous ness i ‘ Is this only a polite way of refusing me ’’ he asked, beginning to be offended, not understanding that this nonsense talk was a hasty defence igamst o erpowenng emotion, ti it she was not euro of him, and was des pcrateiy afraid of betraying herself ‘ Am I to uinierstand th it you don’t careastriw for roe '’ ‘No, no, no,’ she cried, eagerly, ‘as a friend I like you better than anyone else in the world, only I don’t want to give you more than friendship till I can dare to believe in your love ‘Prove it, Allegra,’he cried, clasping Imr waist again before she was aware ‘ Put me to any test or any trial —1 npnsoany duty upon me—only tell me that if I come through the ordeal you will be my wife ’ ‘Vou are nob m a great hurry to fetter yourself, I hope,’ she said ‘ I am io a hurry—l long for those sweet fetters by which your love will hold me. I want to be anchored by my happiness.’ Give me a year of freedom, a year for ait and earnest work in Italy, a year for Mutin and Isola, who both wart me, and if this night year you are still of the same mind, I will be your wife I will not en gage yon. Yon mav be as free as air to ch vnge your mied and love somebody el'e; hut 1 will promise tn be true to you and to this talk of ours till the year’s end—one year from to night. ‘I accept your sentence, though it is B»verr; but I don’t accept my freidom I am your slave for a year I shall bo your slave v.hen tho year la out. I am yours, and yours alone for life And now give me that cup of tea, Allegra, which you h »ve not poured out yet, and let us fancy ourselves Dirby »nd Joan ’ ‘ Dirby and Joan,’ echoed Allegra, as she filled Ins cup • Must we be like that, old and nrosy, sitting by the fire, while life goes by us out'ide It seems sad there should be no alternative between old age and untimely death ’ ‘lt is sad, but the world is made so. And then Providence steeps elderly people in a happy hallucination. They generally forget that they are old; or at least they forget that they ever were youog, and they find young people so ineffably silly that youth 111 itself seems despicable But we hive a long life to the good, dear love, before the o lining of grey hairs and elderly prejudices ’ And then he began to talk ot ways and means, as if thoy were going to be married next week • We shall have enough for bread and cheese, love,’ he said *1 am better off than a good many younger sons; for a certain old grandmother in our family married with a settlement which provided for the younger branches It is quite possible that Lost witiuel may never marry—indeed, he seems tn me very decided against matrimony, and in that ease those who come after us must inherit title and estate in days to como ’ ‘Pray don’t talk so,’ cried Allegra, horrified ‘lt sounds as if you were specu lating upon your brother’s death.’ ‘On Lostwithiel’s death Not for worlds God bless him, wherever he may be. You don’t know how fond wo two follows are of each other. Ooly when a man is going to he married it behoves him to think seriously. I shall have to talk to the Colonel, remem ber, and he will expect me to be explicit aud businesslike. ‘I hope you don’t think Martin is mercen ary,’ aaid Allegra ‘There never was a man who set less value on money. It wouldn’t make any difference to him if you had not a pa my. And as for me, I have a little in come from my mother —more than enough to bay frocks and things—and beyond that I cm earn my own living. So you really needn’t trouble yourself about me.’ There was a touching simplicity in her speech, mingitd with r slight flivor of audacity, as of an emancipated j oung womaVi, which amused her lover, reminding him of a heroine of Merger's, orde Mu«setV, a brave little gnsette, who was willing to work hard for tne menage a deux, and who wanted nothing from her lover but love. He looked into the bright, frank face, radiaitin the fire-glow, and he told himself that this was just the one woman for whom his heart had kept itself empty, like a temple waiting for its God, in all the years of his manhood. And now tne temple doors had opened wide, the gates had been lifted up, and the goddess had marched to her place, triumphant and all conquering. The clock on the mantelpiece struck six, and the old eight day clock in the halt followed like a solemn echo Captain Hulbert started up 'Si late I Why, wo have been talking for nearly two hours 3’ he exclaimed, ‘and I have a budget of letters to write for the night mail. Good bye, darling—or I’ll say Au revoir, for I’ll think I'll walk down again after dinner, and get half-an hour’s chat with Disney, if you don’t think it will be too late for me to see him.’ 'Ym know he is always pleased to see you—we are not very early people—and this is Christmas Eve We wero to sit round the fire and tell ghost stones, don’t you remember !' ‘ Of course vre were 1 shall bo here soon after 9, and I shall think over all the grizzly legends I ever heard, as I come down the hill.’ Ho went reluctantly, leaving her standing by the fire, a contemplative figure with downcast eyes. At a little later stage in their engagement no doubt she would have gone with him to the door, or even out to the garden gate, for a lingering parting under the stars—but there was a shyness about them both in this sweet dim beginning of their union, when it was so strange to each to have any claim upon the other ‘How lightly she took the whole business,' Captain Hulbert said to himself ns he went up the hill. ‘Yet her voice trembled now and then—and her hand was deadly cold when first I clasped it. I thnk ehe loves me A year,’—snapping his fingers gaily at the stare—‘ what is a yeai’’ A year < f bliss if it be mostly spent with her B“ndts, year long engagements are apt to dwindle I have known such engagements —entered on solemnly like ours to-night—shrink to six months, or less. Whv shruld one linger on the threshold of anew life if one knows it is going to be completely happy’’ The happy lover had not been gone five minutes when Isola came creeping i ito the room, and pother arm round Allegra’a neck and kissed her flashed cheek. ‘ Why, Isa, where have you been hiding all this evening’ 1 ‘ I had fallen asleep in my room, just half an hour before tea, and when I awoke it was 5 o’clock, and Lo.token told me you and Captain Hulbert were in the drawing room And as I know you two have always so much to talk about, I tho ight I wouldn’t disturb you So I let Lu lohen make tea for me in the nursery, and I stayed there to pUy with biby And hero you are all alone in the dark. ‘Oh, we had the firelight—Parker forgot to bring the lamp.’ ‘And you forgot to ring for it,’ said Isola, going over to tho bn v window, and drawing back a curtain ‘ What a lovely sky Who would think it w is Christmas tnre ’ Hie moon was m her second quarter, shining brilliantly, lu the deep purple of a sky almost without a cloud ‘Will you put oi, y >ur hat and j.cket ond c nne foi a stroll in the garden, Isa ’’ asked Allegra ‘l' is a mild, dry night, and I don’t thnk the air can hurt you ’ ‘ Hurt me ' It will do me all the good in Che world. Yes, I shall be ready in a moment ’ They went nut into the hall, where Allegra packed her sister-in lar carefo'ly in a warm, fur bordered jickot, and flung a ‘artan shawl round her own shoulders. Then they went out into the garden, and to the 1 iwr=Sj the rnor The mo m was shin ing on the running water, brightly, coldly clear, while the meadows on the opposite baik were wrapps 1 in faint, white mists, which made all the landscape seem unreal ‘ Are you not ton 'irod for walking hern after your long day, Allegra,’ Isola asked, when they had gone up aud dawn the path two or three times ‘ Tired, no; I could walk to Tywardreatb, I could walk to the Mausoleum Shall we go there’ The sea must be lovely under that moon ’ ‘ My ds ircst, it is nearly 7 o’clock, and you have been tramping i bout all nay. If you are not very tired, you must be ve-y muon excited, Allegra I am longing to he.r whit it all neans ’ ‘ Are you really, now ’ Di you care about it, Isola’ C n you, who are firmly ano’ ored in the haven of pi image, fuel any send mental interest in other people, toeing abiut on the sea of courtship’ Martin is to bs told everything to uight—so you may as well know all ab mt it umv You like Cap tain Hulbert, don’r ynu, Isola’ 'ldo, indeed I like him aud believe in him ’ ‘ lliank heiven I should hive bean miserable if you had doubted or disliked him He is to be my husband some day, Isa, if Mar.in ipprove —but not for a year, at least Tell me, deir, are you glad ’ ‘ Yes, I un very glad Gad bk-s ynu, Allegra, and nuke your life happy—and free—from —care. ‘ She broke don n with those Inst faltered words, and Allegra discovered that ehe was crymg. * My dearest Isa, don’t cry. I ohall think you are sorry—that ynu tlnuk him uu worthy.’ ‘No, no, no. It is not that He is wo .by He is all that I could desire m the m in who is to he your husband. No, I was only ihinking lion completely happy you and lie must be—how cloudless your life promises t" ha God keep you, and guard you, dear 1 And miy you never know the pi n of parting with the husband you love— with your protector and friend—as I have known it ’ ‘Yes, love, but that is all past and done w.th. There ire to be m more farewells for you and Mvrt'ii.’ ‘No, it is past, thank G id Yet one can ot forget. I am very gl»d Ciptain Hal bert has left the navy—chat his profession cannot call him away fiom yoo 1 ‘No, lie is nu idle man I daresay the time will come when I shall be plagued with him, and be almost obliged to tiug-at that he should keep racehorses, or go on the Stock Exchange, to occupy his time I have hoard women say that it is terrible to have a stay at home husband Yet Martin is never,c£e trap— but then Martin can bury himself in a book. He has no fidgetty ways.’ * How lightly you talk, Allegra * ‘Peihapo that is because my heart is heavy—heavy uot with grief and care, but with the burden of perplexity and surprise, vvi'h the fear that comes of a great j y ’ ‘You do love him then’’ said Isola, ear neatly. ‘ You are glad.’ ‘ I am very glad. I am glad wi h all my heart ’ ‘ God bless yon, dearest I rejoice io your happiness.’ They had kissed again, this time with tea's on both sides; for Allegra was now quite overcome, and sobbed out her emotion npna her sister’s neck, they two standing clasped iu each other’s arms brside the river. ‘ When I am dead, Allegra, remember always that I loved you, ond that I rejoiced in jirar happiness i s if It were my own.’ ‘When you are dean! Hiw dare you talk like th.it, when we are taking you away to get well and strong, and to live ever so many years beyond your golden wedding ’ Was there ever such ingratitude?’ Tne odor of tobacco atole on the evening air, and they heard M irtm’s firm tread approaching along the gravel path. Isoli put her arm through his, while Allegri ra i into the house, and husband a i* 3 wife walked up and town two or throe times in the darkness, she telling him all about the wonderful thing that had hap peneti ‘ Yon are glad, are you not, Martin ? As glad as I am ’ * Are yon so very glad ?’ ‘ Yes, tor I know that Allegra loves him las loved linn for a long time ’ ‘ .leaning six weeks or so allowing a fort, ight for the process of falling in love. Is that what you o ill a long time, Isola’’ ‘Weeks arc long sometimes,’ she answered, (■lowly, ns if her thoughts usd wancWad m another channel ‘ Well, if Allegra ia pleased I suppose I ought to he content,’ said Disney. ‘ Hulbert seems a fine frank fellow, and I have never heard anything to his discredit Ha was popular in the navy, and was considered a man of marked ability. I daresay people will call bun a good match for Allegra, so long as Lostwithiel remains a bachelor.’ I No one can be too good for Allegra, and only the best of men can be good enough. If I had my own way I should have liked her to remain always unmarried, and to care for nothing but her nephew and yon I should have liked to think of her as always with you.’ The triangular dinner party was gayer that evening than it had been for a long time. Isola was in very high spirits, and her husband was delighted at the change from that growing apathy which had frightened him. The ladies had scarcely left the table when Captain Hulbert arrived, and was ushered into the dining room, where Martin Disney was smoking his after dinner pipe xu the chimney corner—the old chimney corner of that original Angler’s Nest, which had been a humble homestead 200 years ago. The two men shook hands, and then John Hulbert seated himself on the opposite aide of the hearth, and they began to talk ear nestly of the future, Martin Disney speaking with fond affection of the sistor who had been to him almost as a daughter. 'Her mother was the sweetest and truest of women,’ he said, ‘and her father had one of the most refined and delicate natures I ever met with in a man. I do not know that he was altogether fitted for the Church. He was wanting in energy and decision, or force of character; but he was a firm believer, pure minded and disinterested, and he was an artist to the tips of his fingers. It is from him Allegra inherits her love of art, only while he was contei t to tr fls with art she has worked with all the power of her strong, resolute temperament. She inherits that from her mother’s line, which wis a race of workers, men with whom achievement was a necessity of existence—men who fought, and men who thought—sword and gown ’ Disney smiled at the stern condition of a year’s probation which Allegro had imposed upon her lover ‘ Such sentences are very often remitt»d,’ ho said ‘I own to having some hope of mercy,’ replied Captain Hulbert. ‘People have an idoa that May marriages are unlucky; but it seems to mo that Juno is a capital month for a yachtsman’s honeymoon; and if I can persuade my dearest to remit half my period of probation aud fix the l»t of June for our wedding, I should be just half a year happier ih in I am now ’ ‘Have you any notion yet what kind of life you are to lead after your marriage! I hope it will not be a roving life I«ola and I would like to have our sister near us.’ ‘And Allegra end I would like to stndy your liking,’ laugh-d Hulb»rt ‘We may wander a little no summer seas, but we will have nui fixed abode, and it shall be near you. So long as Lastwithiel is a bachelor wo can make our home at the Mount; but fond as I am of that dear old place, I should like to see my brother married There is something arm*s in his present mode of life; and I have bat too strong mason to fear that he is not a happy man ’ ‘Have you any idea of the cmio of his un happiness “> • Only speculative ideas—mere theories Ihat may he without foundation in fact. I fancy that he has burnt the lamp nf life a little ton fun msly, and that the light has grown dim ii the socket. The ifter taste of a fiery youth is the taste of dust and ashes There m>y be memories, ton—memories of some past folly—e Inch are vivid enough to poison the present I know that ho is un happy I have tried to find out the cause, and it all ends in this—no obstinate ra serve on his part, and mere theorising on mine ’ ‘1 Dive heard that he livid lu a bad set after ho 'efv the University ‘A had set—yes, that is it A m n who begins life 11 a certain circle ia like a work man who gets Ins arm or leg cvugiit un nwares in a machine worked hy steam power. J n an instuit ha is entangled past rescue He is gine He lu.a taken the wrong road Tan years afterwards, per haps, when he is bild and wrinkled, he may pull himself up ou Ihe downward trick and try to get rid of a bad reputation and in ike a fmsh star.; but those fresh starts rarely end in a wlining race I am very sorry for mv brot|i°r. He is a warm hearted fellow, with a good deil of talent; and he ough‘ not to have made a bad thing of his life ’ ‘ Irt ns hope that he miy have pulled up in time, ind that he may get a ynnng wife before he is many years older. I have no desire that my sistet’s (-on should be a peer I only want to see her happy with a hus band vho ehall bn worthy of her.’ (To be continued next Salm day ] 