LUMINOUS FUNGI. To the Editor of the ' Evening News' Sir, — The luminous fungus mentioned by Mr. Downing in last Friday's 'Even- ings News' has been known from the earliest days of Australian colonisation. At one time it was frequently met with in and around Sydney, and is found growing at the present time on the outskirts of the suburbs. There are several varieties of luminous fungi in New South WaleB, but unfortunately I'm not a fungologist, therefore I cannot give. the botanical names of them. One variety grows plentifully in the coast districts south of Sydney. In Ulawarra it is found rivalling the horse- mushroom (A. arven sis) in size. It grows near to logs, stumps, and roots of trees, having a seg mented arched head, with gills of a Dale yellowish-white color, emitting a peculiar odor. The stalk is thick and stunted, the gills and stalk giving forth a soft beauti ful whitish blue phosphorescent light, dis cernible over 100 feet. Another variety grows on the underside of rotten logs, of the shape of a liver, giving forth a yellowish-white light. It resembles . very much several of the edible fungi of what is known a*s the beef -steak mush room, which latter, by the way, is ex cellent eating when fried in fat. Another variety grows in the form of toadstools, of diminutive size and feeble light. Another, but beautiful, variety, is of coni cal shape, somewhat resembling a half closed parasol, the outer covering of the hood being beautifully specked with dark and light brown spots, the gills of a delicate white, having a glutinous feel to the touch, and a long, slender stem. It gives forth a beautiful, soft, feeble light, and is very pretty when hundreds of them are found growing together. They grow generally on cleared ground, especially on grass lawns. At this time last year they grew by thousands on the lawn in front of the Sydney Cyclorama, and no prettier sight could be seen when hundreds grew scattered over the lawn, raising their phosphorescent lights three inches above the grass. I have seen the Tahitian specimen that is now being introduced into Europe for cul tivation, but can back our own little known uncultivated variety against it, especially the first mentioned, for size and light. I wish someone who is learned in fungology would enlighten your readers in re lumi nous fungi of Australia.— Yours, &c.; A. J. J. PHTSTiPS^ 393 Bourke-street. Tlie plan for the opening concert of the Esty- Marsh Company, to be givea at the Town Hall on Saturday next, is now open at Paling and Company's* The quartette— Miss Alice Esty (so* prano) Mme, Enriquez (contralto), Mr. Alec Marsh (baritone), and Mr. R. F. Cunningham (tenor)— were to leave Adelaide for* Sydney to-day. Herr, Gerard Vollmar has been specially en gaged as 'cello soloist, and Herr ,Van Vleet will be the accompanist 