A LIFE SENTENCE, By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Jaoobi's Wife," "Under False Pretences, 11 " Roy '^Repentance,"'' Deveril's Diamond,"&c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXIII. "I don't know how it ia, :l grumbled the Genera], " but Enid looks soarcely any better than she did before this precious engagement of hers. You made me think that she would be perfectly happy if she had her own way ; but I muBt say, Connie, that I see no improvement." Connie, lying on a sjfa, and holding a fan over her eyes, as though to shut out the eight of her husband's bowed shoulders and venerable white head, answered languidly— " You forget that you did only half of what you were expected to do. You would not oonsent to a definite engagement until ahe should be eighteen years old ; she is eighteen now, and yet you are holding back. Suspense of suoh a sort is very trying to a girl." The General, who had been standing beside her, sat down in a large armohair, and looked very vexed. "I don't oare," he said, obstinately, "I'm not going to have my little girl disposed of in such a hurry ! She shall not be engaged to anybody just yet, and until she is twenty or twenty-one she shan't be married. Why, she's had no girlhood at all. She's only just out of the schoolroom now. Eighteen is nothing!" " Waiting and uncertainty are bad for a girl's spirits," said Mrs. Vane. " You can do as you please, of oourse, about her engagement ; but you must not expect her to look delighted over tbe delay." The General put his bands on his knees and leaned forward mysteriously. " Connie," he Baid, " I don't wish to make you auxious, dear; but do you think Hubert really cures for her :" Conuie lowered her fan; there was a touch of angry colour in her face. " w hat are you going to say next. General ? Why should Hubert have asked Enid to marry him if he were not in love with her? He had, no doubt, plenty of opportunities of asking other people." "Yea—yes; but Enid is very sweet and very lovely, my dear. You don't oiten see a more beautiful girl. I should not like her to marry a man who was not attached to her." Connie controlled her anger, and spoke in a careless tone. " What makes you take suoh fanoies in your head,dear 1" "Well—more than one thing. To begin with, I found Enid wandering up and down tbe conservatory just uow, looking as pale as a ghost, with tears ia her eyes. I rallied her a little, and asked her to tell me what was the matter : but she would not say. And thon I asked if it had anything to do with Hubert, and whether she had heard from him lately ; and do you know, Connie, she has had no letter from him for a fortnightNow, in my day, although postage was dealer than ill is now, we wouldn't have waited for a fortnight before writing to the woman that we loved." " Hubert is a very busy man—he has not the time for the writing of lore-letters," said Connie slightly. " He ouzht not to be too busy to make her happy." " You forget, too," said Mrs. Vane, "that Hubert has no private fortune. He is working harder than ever just now—toiling with all his might and main to gain a competency, not for his own but for Enid's sake. Poor boy, he is often harrassed on all sides !" She drew a little sigh as if she were sorrowing for him. " I'm sure Enid does not harrass him," said the General, getting up and pacing about the room in a hurry—"she is sweetness itself; and as ta money, why did he propose to her if he hadn't enough to keep her on ? Of course Enid will have a nice little fortune — be needn't doubt that; but I shall tie it up pretty tightly when she marries, and settle it sll upon herself. You may tell him that from iue if you like, with my compliments !" The General was exuited— be was bot and breathing hard. " He muRt have an income to put against it—thab's all; he's not going to liv« on his wife's fortune." " Poor Hubert—I don'b suppose he ever thought of auoh a thinjr," said Connie, affecting to laugh at her husband's vehemence, but weighing every word she uttered with scrupulous oare. "Indeed, if he had known that Bhe would have money, I don't suppose he would ever have asked her to marry him. He believed her to be all but penniless." " And what right had be to believe that?" shouted the General, looking more apopleotio than ever. At which Connie softly sighed, and said, " My nerves, dear !" closed her eyes, and held a vinaigrette to her nose. The General was quieted at once. "I beg your pardon, my dear—I forgot that I must not taik so loudly in your room," he said, apologetically. "But my feelings get the better of me when I think of my poor little Enid looking so white and mournful. And so Hubert's working hard for her, is be ? Poor tad'. Of oourse [ shall not forget him either in my will—you oan tell him so if you like—and Enid's future is assured; but he must not negleot her—mustn't let her ehed tears and make those pretty blue eyes of hers dim—you must tell him that." "The General grows more and more foolish everyday," said Connie to herself, with disgust—"a garrulous old dotard !" But she spoke very sweetly. . " I will talk to him if you like, dear ; but I do not think he means to hurt or negleot poor Enid. He is coming down to-morrow to spend Easter with us; that will please her, will it not? I have been keeping it a secret from her; I wanted to give her a surprise. It will bring the colour back to her pale cheeks—will it not, you kind, sympathetic old dear?" Connie's white haud was laid caressingly on the General's arm. The old aoldier rose to the bait. He raised it at onoe to his month, and kissed it as devoutly as ever he had saluted the hand of hiB Queen. "My dear," he said, "yon are always right; you are a wonderful woman—-so olever, EO beautiful, so good <" Did she not shiver as she heard the words? "I will leave it in your hand—you know how to manage eveiy one !" "Dear Richard," said Connie, with a faint smile, "all that I do IB for your sake." And with these words she dismissed him radiantly happy. Left to her own meditations, the expression of her faee changed at once ; *it grew stern, hard, and cold ; there was an unyielding look about the lines of her features which reminded one of the fixity of a mask or a marble statue. She lay perfectly motionless for a time, her eyes fixed on the wall before her; then she put up her hand and touohed a bell at her side. Almost immediately the door opened to admit her maid—a thin upright woman with dark eyes and curly dark bair disposed so as to hide the tell-tale wrinkleB on her brow and the crow's feet »t the corners of her eyes. She wore pink bows and a smart little eap and apron of youthful style; but it would have bten evident to the eye ot a keen observer that she was no longer young. She closed the door behind her, and oame to her mistress's side. Constanoe paused for a minute or two, then spoke in a voice of so harsh and metallio a quality that her hnsband would soareely bave recognised it as hers. " You have been neglecting yonr duty. You have not made any report to me for nearly a week." "You have not asked me for one, ma'am." " I do not expect to have to ask yon. You are to come to me whenever there is anything to say." The woman stood silent; bu% there was a protest in her very bearing, in the pose of her hands, the expression of her month and eyebrows. Connie looked at her once, then turned her head away and said :— "Go on." "There is nothing of importance to tell you, ma'am." "Bow do you know what is important and what is not? For instance, Miss Enid was found by the General crying in the conservatory this morning. I want to know why ahe cried." Tbe maid—whose name was Parker—miffed significantly as she replied— " It's not easy to tell why young ladies cry, ma'am. The wind's in the east—perhaps that has something to do with it." " Oh, very well!" said Mrs. Vane, ooldly. " If the wind is in tha east, and that is all, Parker, you had better find some position in the world in which your talents will be of more use to you than they are to me. I will give you a month's pay instead of the usual notice, and you can leave Beeohneld tonight. \- ' The maid's face turned a little pale. "l'msurelbeg pardon, ma'am," she said rather hurriedly; " I didn't mean that I had nochiug to say. I—I{fe served you as well as I could, ma'am, ever sinoe I came." There was something not unlike a tear ia her beady blaok eyes. "Have you?" said her mistreu, indifferently. " Then let me hear what you have been doing during the last few days. If your notes are not worth hearing,"—she made a long pause, whioh Parker felt to be ominous, aud then continued oalmiy—"there is a train to London to-night, and no doubt your mother will be glad to see you, oharaoter or no oharacter." "Oh, ma'am, you wouldn't go for to be so cruel, would you?" cried Parker the unwise, evidently on the verge of a flood of tears. " Without a character, ma'am, I'm sure I couldn't get a good place, and you know my mother has only what I earn to live upon. You wouldn't turn me off at a moment's notice for" "You are wastins a good deal of time,"said Counio coldly. " Say what you have to say c and I will be the judge whether you have o> have not obeyed my orders. Where are you notes V (lobe continued.) 