An Interesting St.o_ry. I ITA'S MYSTERY. By EllaCheever Thayer CHAPTER II. — (Continued.) 'That must be it!' added Harry. 44 1 can't explain it any other way,' said Miss FaleB. ' I wasn't aware, though, that the picture had made so great an im pression on me.' She glanced at him archly as she spoke, and laughed — the tinkling laugh Frank remembered bo well. ' I am greatly flattered, at all events,' he said. ' I hope I have also made a sufficient impression for you to give me ? . lew walt7.es.' — A. row r ion are zvo motieac, jut. j Ciorraiue. One, perhaps.' j She handed him her card, and he wrote bis name in the ouly vacant place. Then , Harry claimed her, and they danced away. t| j ' Be sure and come back to me, Ita, ' j Miss Meade called after them. j Ita! Then it was her name ! Ita Fales ! ; He had the whole name now, at least. But ; who was Arthur St. Clair ? The last was a question which began to take an unpleasant prominence in his mind. Could it be she was privately married to the man, whom, for some reason, he had been so strangely called upon to personate ? Frank did not like tlie idea. He fancied it still less when, having led j her out for the promised waltz, the fair ? hair almost touchtd his breast, and the j coquettish face was very near his own. j The dance was the last before inter- j mission, and as the music ceased Frank | whirled his partner out into the con- j servatory. ! 'The supper room will be crowded j now — let us rest here awhile,' he said, 1 leading her toward a secluded seat under ' an orange plant. 'You have such a dreadfully authorita tive way with you that I must needs obey,' Ita responded, in a lightly sarcastic tone. ' You are mistaken. I assure you I am very meek, and capable of being domineered over in the most shameful manner. I could prove that to you by an , experience I once had.' ' Frank seated himself by her side as he spoke. 'Tell me what it was, then I will decide,' she said, slyly studying his hand- j some features. 'That I cannot do. It is a secret , which I hav.j revealed to no one.' ' How pivvoking of you to mention it, and arouse my curiosity all for nothing ! It was very roV.iantic, of course ?' ' Think of Ac most romantic adventure you ever ln.1, and I can match it with mine,' returned Fiank, watching her in tently to see if the words brought the recollection he thought to awaken. Apparently they did not at first, but ; presently she broke into a little laugb, ' while a peculiar expression came into her eyes. 'I doubt it. I had one once tliat no- ; thing could match.' j ' Let us compare notes,' he said, lean- ; ing ewer her eagerly. j She shook her head. \ ' Oh, no! Mine is far too serious.' i 4* Serious !' lie echoed. 'Mine was: quite the contrary. Can't we make a bargain to exchange confidences some ti.no?' i '? Impossible ! But you might tell me j yours, that I could be sure it was really, I actually romantic. There was a lady in j it, of course ?' ' Certainly, and a very beautiful one.' | Tta trifled with her fan as though not ! entirely pleased with this answer. She : made some gay comment, however, and a conversation in the same strain followed, on different tonics, which Frank wns very Btirry to have interrupted by Miss Meade j and several friends in search of Ita. The latter went away with manifest reluctance, 1 and looked back to smile brightly at Frank. He hovered about her vicinity the re mainder of tbe evening, although finding few opportunities to say anything farther! But he had the pleasure of taking her to the carriage, and received a good -night ?mile from under a blue hood, which made her look more bewitching than evsr. It waa not unnatural, under the cir cumstances, that after this unexpected meeting Frank's thoughts were filled with the charming, puzzling Ita ; and surmises of the mystery which now, moi e than be fore, interested him, and reawakened his curiosity. He went everywhere that there was a possibility of meeting her, and loon so progressed in the 'Acquaintance that he became a frequent caller at her home. It l«gan to be remarked before long that the society of other ycung ladies had lost all charm for Frank Lorraine, and that Ita's colour changed at his approach. ' It's no use,' Harry Meade said to hiiii one day. ' I was goin^ to fall in love with Ita Fales myself, but it is evident we all must yield to you, so I might as J veil do it with a good f;race.' j 'What do you mean V Frank questioned itartiiig. ' What do I mean ?' laughed Harry. ?* IV ell, that is cool 3 There's no sense in ! lenying it, old boy ; any one can see vou ire dead in love with her, and, sad dough it be, 'tis true that she slight? irery one foryou.' ' Nonsense!' exclaimed Frank, hastily. „tid getting very red. ' 1 am actuated by intirely different motives, Harry.' Some ii-ie, perhaps, 1 can tell you. ' * In Trading cards and cake!' retorted tfarry, shaking h^ head knowipgljj ^5 he Ifrtedaway up the street. rr»uk gazpei aftfsr him a moment, then ?rent on his way thoughtfully. Harry's aalf jesting, half serious words had iroused some hitherto dormant con sciousness within himself, and from this dme his manner changed. He was pre occupied, and, singular enough m the gay, light-hearted young man, often melancholy. In fact, he could no longer eonceal from his own self-scrutiny the fascination Ita Fales had for him, and that, had he met her without the previous knowledge of some strange secret surrounding her, be should have loved her with all his hea|:t. But as it iyas, he must conquer all such emotions. The mystery might be a shapiefql one. Certainly, froq) what lie kuew of it, something it* must be which precluded the possibility of her becoming his. Then Frank's brow, would grow dark as he thought of Arthur St. Clair. Who, what, and where was he ? Was it really1 his rightful place that he himself had. assumed? If so, why had it b§eu necessary ? . These were questions to which Frank could find no answer, but yet, In the very midst of the pain sucit thoughts brought, : his pulses thrilled with a sweet sense pf haying for two hours called her his wife. Sometimes he was fceni ptedto tell her fyefy$iing, and demand an explanation! tiflW inidy a fW lafeej^lia; pass bfiforji the lime #ould come when she had appointed to meet him again at the old church, and he was anxious to see if she would keep her word. What would then happen he did not dare think. He could hold no bright anticipations of tlie future, however. Meanwhile, he did not cease his visits to her who had become the source of so much trouble. There was a dangerous j fascination in being near her which he could not resist. j CHAPTER HL One day he found Hairy Meade and his sister with her. Frank could not be j blind to the blush that greeted him on | Ita'sfairface, and it set his heart throbbing wildly. j As if to atone for the involuntarily be- ! trayal, Ita immediately resumed her j conversation with Miss Meade, taking little apparent notice of Frank. They ; were talking of school days. j ' One is always longing for them to be j over, yet, wher, they are, one looks back | to them with regret,' said Miss Meede. j *' I was terribly sorry to leave the ; seminary and the girls,' said Ita. 'Some ' of them I shall never see again.' ! ' It must have been a pokey place way off there,' said Miss Meade. , ' May I ask where you wers3t school?' asked Frank quickly. As he had suspected she would, Ita mentioned the town and State where their first peculiar interview had occurred. Had she been at school all the time, he wondered jealously. Was it there Arthur j St. Clair lived ? ' It wasn't pokey at all,*' Ita resumed, j to Miss Meade. ' We used to have Bplendid times. Tlie only thing I didn't like was Alice Weld's airs. She was my ' chief rival and dearest foe.' j 'Aud is this your only unpleasant memory?'' asked Frank, looking at her intently. ' I can't say even this is that,' Ita answered, glancing up at him. and then down again quickly. ''When one has been victor in b battle, it is not a dis agreeable remembrance, is it ?' She laughed gayly as she asked the question. ' Not a bit of it,' said Harry Meade. ' It goes without saying, though, that you distanced Miss Weld. But I hope, Miss Fales that there was no young man in the 2ase.' Ita's cheeks dimpled mischievously, and her eyes twinkled. ' You must not ask too many ques tions, Mr. Me;»de,' she said with a roguish glaucn. -Doubtless yourself, this Miss Weld, and the young man about whom no questions must be asked, are the chief ingredients in that romantic experience which you thought would match mine !' Frank burst out, in a spasm of uncontroll able anger aud jealousy. Ita gave, a quick look at his disturbed countenance, and it seemed to afford her som-j ground for satisfaction. Her dimples deepened as she replied demurely, — ' ' What a good guesser you are, Mr. Lorraiue !' Frank bit his lip, and while Harry and his sister were besieging her for an account of this romance, and she was laughingly refusing to say another word, he withdrew to a window in no enviable stace of mind. There could no longer be any doubt about it. She was entirely unworthy ! Not only did she have a history that would not bear investigation, but she was a heartless coquette as well. Why had he allowed himself to become so in fatuated, knowing what he did of her hidden past r Would she have the grace to be ashamed when she found what he knew, or would she smile still, as if free from guile ? Something Harry Meade was saying interrupted these bitter reflections by catching his attention. Harry was just beginning to practice law, and was no thing if not legal. 'One has to be very careful in that State,' was his remark, jestingly made. 'They have sort of jumpingoverthe broomstick laws there.' ' What do you mean ?' Ita inquired unsuspiciously. ' Oh, only one is liable to find himself married before he knows it !' laughed Harry. F rank listened eagerly. A slight shade of anxiety crept over Ita's bright face as she asked tremulously, — ' How can that be ? What is the law ?' ' Don't be alarmed, Miss Fales. You are all right, unless you have been ac knowledging somebody as your husband before witnesses.' Frank uttered an exclamation. j Ita had grown pale, and trembled ; but with an effort to conceal these traces of emotion she asked carelessly, — ' Why. what would happeu if I — if any body had done that ' Simply, if such a claim was made by either party, it would be a legal mar riage.' Ita tried to force her white lips to 1 smile. j ' How singular !' she managed tp say. Then her eyes met those of Frank, which were fixed upon her eagerly, and tottering backward she fell in a swoon. ' j Miss Meade sprang and lifted her, while ' Frank poured out a glass of water, and ! sprinkled her forehead. In a moment she revive^, and, aft^r the first bewilderment, expressed herself as wholly un^hle to RC* count for her indisposition, »he ^voided glancing jii diftc- tion, and though attempting to appear as usual, the effort was perceptible. The two young men soon took their leave, Miss Meade remaining. 'Curious she should have fainted at that particular moment wasn't it ?' said Harry, when they were out of hearing. ' It would almost make one suspect that she had been up to something of the kind.' I ' It was a mere coincidenec, af course,' said Frank, briefly. ' 1 suppose it must have been, for I have heard her say they worjs very strict at the school, and she had no gentleman acquaintance except her cousin, whom her father was very anxious to hajy§ Ijep quarry.' ' What is his name V' asked Frank. ' Fales, as hers. But do not be jealous, old bo3\ He is angular and chemical and grave, and she detests him.' -As soon as possible Frank parted from his companion, and went home with ^i| head iu s. whirl. ' Was it possible (h&t; those two hours in which she had oalled him her husband had given him the right to claim her ? The idea made all his pulses beat wildly. Her agitation would «eem to prove that there had been no marriage previously with that bugbear, St. Clair. Perhaps he had been a 'pillaiu, who had deceive^ de§eff|$ Ml ! Tkeniy^iefy seemfwl Wgpow flot i^r the fliujsh long**, fortunately, were finly a fgw days «ujre before the year would be up. But would she keep her word, he wondered. - CHAPTEB IY. Miss Meade settled the latter doubt for him. From her he learned that Ita was about to pay a visit to an old schoolmate who lived in the same town where the seminary was. Triumphant over this information, and y*t profoundly miserable, Frank went to bid her good-bye before her departure. He had not seen her since the day she so euddenly fainted, and when she entered the parlor where he waited he was sur prised and touched by the change in her appearance. The bright, joyous expres sion at which he had so often secretly cavilled, because of its seeming incon sistency after what had happened, now had given place to one anxious and sad, such as he had felt ought to be upon her face. Yet he was sorry to see it, now it really was there, and his doubts, some way, melted before it, lea', ing a flood of tenderness in his heart. She did not look at him as she entered, but downward, aud was nervous and un like her bright, vivacious stlf. ' You are going away, I hear ?' said Frank, after a few commonplace remarks had passed between them. ' Yes,' was her low response. ' I have to make a promised visit to a dear - school friend, Bertie Snow.' j Frank well remembered the name, and ; thought of wizened little Miss Snow with ? her tears and emotion. What a muddle j it all was ! j 'I hope that you will enjoy i£ very much,' he said, after a moment, finding j nothing better to express. , She pulled the lace on her dress uneasily, | while s-he responded, — J 'Thank you. One never can tell what j may occur, you know,' i He moved a little nearer on the sofa where both were sitting. j ' I trust you have no real reason for any ! serious apprehension !' | ' Ah ! I do not know that I have,' she j answered. j Then he saw her lip quiver and a tear steal down her cheek. At this he forgot j everything except that he loved her, and suddenly grasping the trembling white hand in his, exclaimed impetuously, — ' You are in some trouble. Tell me — let me help you ! You need fear nothing, for 1 — ' ' 'No, no!' she interrupted, starting away from him. ' 1 can tell you least of all ! Do not ask me what it is. Let us j say good-bye, and — and do not blame me for anything.' She looked up at him for the first time since his coming, and as her eyes met the entreaty and tenderness in his brown ones some responsive expression flashed into her own. Then, flushing crimson, she turned and fled from the room. Frank went away in a state of mind that he could not analyze. He did not know whether he was happy or wretched. He passsd the remaining time, before starting on his own journey, in alternate bliss aud despair ; bliss at remembering that last look which had seemed to reveal that Ita loved him — despair at the thought that what he was so soon to learn might separate them forever. When at last he approached the old church at the appointed hour, his head burned with feverish excitement. It was a bright moonlight evening, and he went up close to the church, in its deepest shadow. He was early, as he had intended, and no one was in sight. Pre sently, however, he descried a female figure approaching rapidly, and soon re cognized the long, dark cloak and large hat of a year ago. She came nearer. Frank's heart beat bo loud that he thought she must hear it, but she stopped without perceiving him in the shade where he stood. As she glanced around the moonlight fell upon her face, and he could see that it wore an anxious but determined look. Calming himself by an effort, Frank moved, and in a low, partially disguised voice said, — ' I am here, Mrs. St. Clair.' Ita gate a start of affright, but, quickly recovering herself, said, looking toward the form hardly distinguishable from the iurrounding dusk. — j ' I did not see you at first, sir.' i F rank mumbled something indistinctly j in response. ] ' I have kept my word, sir, though not j quite in the spirit in which it was made,' Ita continued, with a seriousness that seemed very strange in her. 'I have learned since how very wrong I was ia doing what I did, and I want first of ail to beg your pardon. From what I saw of you, I believe you to be a gentleman, and I am going to trust you as such.' She waited for some reply, \ ut Frank gave none. He was hesitating whether to reveal himself now or later. His silence surprised her, and she caat a doubtful glance at the little that she could see of him. This decided him, and he stepped forward slowly. Ita watched his tall figure as it emerged from the shadow, but when his features grew distinct her eyes dilated, as if it|had been a ghost from the cemetery behind^ and she stood staring, stunned and less. 'It is I,' he said, hreaking the silence. At this she found speech. ' You she gasped. ' You ! Yon here .' Must I believe that it was you who — ah, how cruel to deceive ' me ma long 1' ** Bite fcyoke into sobs, and went and leaned hor face againat a granite post at the chyrch-yard gate. Frank followed quickly, and bsnt over her. ' Don't feel so badly over it,' he pleaded, ' I did not know what to do, the circumstances were so peculiar, and I thought it best to let events shape their own course until th-a time you yourself had appointed. If I was wrong, forgive me.' 0 'To think you have known it all thia time ! sobbed Ita. ' Hope you must have laughed to yovwsetf whenever you saw me! ' . — . misjudge me. It was far too Serious a matter for that, I assure you,' he replied earnestly. ' Can you not rely upon me more than on the stranger you thought to meet ? Do you not know ( will do anything to help you, even at the sacrifice of my own hopes ?'* ^ not aoubt that,' she mw. SCI : j £n she 8tole a ghmce at him, ftnd cried vehemently, ' Ah, how you wiU despise me when you know all ! Oh I wish I bad confessed everything a year^ ago, as I was tempted to dq 1' * 'Can J'00 not Wore confidence in W^gnan^moygij gave her back Wly, *' WM- ' But I want to tell you,' she remarked She gazed admiringly at ~tT — ~' countenance for an instant tW 1 hysterically. ' lllea | 'That is the worst of it,' R},n „ : there only was a terrible secret ? not care so much.' ' w°Ulj F rank stared. ' I don't understand vou ' ho c -j- * 41 1 mean,' she exnlained,' twist?' untwisting her handkerchief her head guiltily, ' I meanthS ft very commonplace and— and , a11 ' Ridiculous !' echoed Frank Ulou» I '* Absolutely ridiculous, Yoti ? came about through the rival™ Alice Weld and myself at scL.jl of11 was queen of one section, audi e of another. Of course all th-- oir]qUeen very romantic, and here she had 11 Te an advantage over me ; she h?d lover who used to tiiruw noro3 5 r,ei1 window tied on stones, a- d y){ 8IL ? restingthings. Then, to be even of!Jnte' I had to have a lover, too.' ' Urs® Ita glanced up at his attentive plexed face, and her contrite look cl/a£ into a roguish one as she continued — '? I had a most devoted lover u-L r dearly loved. Hi, ,,-uo Ar£ B J Clair. (Here Prank frowned ) -. ! papa was at that time anxious IsW) marry my cousin, you see it made a ? nice romance. ' . j ' Very,' said Frank, dryly. : This confession was tort jre to him 1 she had called it ridiculous. ' j ' Arthur St. Clair and I ussd to hav« | very romantic Ime^gs and adventures ' ! fosw more I i deter mmecTti] at I should marry my j All the girls were in a dreadful state of « ' ! citement over it, and Alice Weld wasn * | where. Then, just before I graduate! , we all thought it w.iuld be so romantic if i I should secretly marry Arthur, so paDa , couldn't force me to a union with j cousin. So Arthur and I arraneed it all ! and Bertie Snow told her aunt.Vho hav* j iug lost a lover in her youth, was' Terr j sympathetic, and the\ . unknown to me got up the supper to which Arthur and I were to come after die ceremony. Arthnt not making his appearance, Tasked vou to come in his place.' Frank stood biting his lip jealously and frowning. ' 1 don't quite understand.' he said gloomly. ' Where was this Arthur's:. Clair that he didn't marry you V: | Ita tried to look very serious as if fee!, j ing she ought, but there was a mischiev ous twinkle in her eyes, as she re. plied, — 'Don't you see? There wasn't any such person. It was all an invention from beginning to end.' Frank started, stared incredulously then his countenance changed ir.ajicalir' and he burst into a laugh in which lia joined. ! '1 understand now,' he exclaimed. a« soon as he could speak. 'When Mis* Snow invited you to the supper, voa didn't know what to do, and came 'aid asked me to go.' ' She didn't tell me until the last momeut,' said Ita, extenuatindy. ' and 1 had seen you pass often and— in iact. 1 pointed you out to the girls as Arthur. Before 1 left school 1 confessed the whole, greatly to their edification. Poor Miss Snow, alone, 1 did not undeceive. Bertie said it would make her fee! so bad. My conscience reproached me for that part, but the other 1 thought a good joke until — until — ' She stopped, confused and Vushin^, Frank comprehended her meaning, however. Relieved of his terrible fears, he was his audacious self once more. 'You were frightened by Harry Meade'» words,' he said. ' Did 1 make such ft bad husband those two hours She averted her head. 'Oh, no she murmured. 'Then suppose 1 should assert the right Harry says the law eives in thia State ?' ' 1 should have to submit to the law, of course,' she returned very meekly. Frank was close to her side now. and, with his lips almost touching her cheek, whispered, — ' Don't you think it will be better not to undeceive poor Miss Snow, Ita ; 'Perhaps so — as long as Arthur is you,'' she replied, witli arch tender ness. And then he drew tho sweet face up to his, and Ita's mystery was solved. 