ANNUAL CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. SECOND DAY. _ . The sittings of the fifth annual Christian Confer- ence were continued yesterday afternoon in the Petersham Town Hall in the presence of a large congregation. Tho Rev W. G. Taylor, founder of tho Central Methodist Mission, again presided and was supported by tho Revs William Allen (Chairman of the Congregational Union of New South Wales) and W. W. Rutledge, the honorary secretaries, J E Carruthers (President of tho Wesleyan Methodist Conference), W Collor (Chairman of the Baptist Union of New South Wales), Dr Porter, John Gar- diner, George Lane, R Bavin, Henry Martin, J. W Leadley, G. Jamos, S Wilkinson, T Paton, W Clarke, T. Davis, W. Brown, S Jones, J Green, J Straughan, S Blla, and G Dunkley. The Chairman, in opening the meeting, said they had met that day under a very dark cloud. They had all read the sad news in that morning's papers of the massacre of Christians and Christian mission- aries in China, who had met their death in the ser- vice of their Lord. Some were known to many pre- sent in that meeting. The Church Missionary Society had received a message that morning stating that the victims included two young ladies, sisters, who had resided within a short distance of that building. He felt that they should in that large meeting specially and earnestly pour out their hearts in earnest prayer that God would bless and comfort the families who had been afflicted, and that He would raise up successors to carry on the work. After devotional exercise and the reading of portion of Scripture, The Rev George Lane delivered nn address on " The Knowledge of Christ ministered by the Holy Ghost " Basing his remarks upon the passages, among others, " I will pray tho Father and He shall give jon another Comforter, that Ho may nbido with you for ovor, evan tho Spirit of Truth , " and "When the Comforter is corni, whom I will send unto j ou from tlio 1 iither, oven tho bpirit of Truth which procecdeth from tho rather, He shall bear I witness of Ile " He thought it was ono of the hope- ful »lgu« of tho timts that in their behoving and | thinking and living thoy were giviug greater pro- minence to the Holy fapint ot God That Spirit wa« the great teacher of the Church of God, bring- ing clearer light, and, nbo\c all, inspiring them uith grander, nobler aims fho Rev Henry Martin give an address on " Tho Kuouledgo Obtained, Retained, and Perfected hy faith " In the course of his address he pointed out that the power which saved was the samo power and charm which led « anderere hack when, un- happily, they might huvo grown weary of following God In the evening interval moeting tho Rev Ruins ford Bavin gave au address on " Dealing with the Anxious " The difficult} of the time wia to get Íieoplo to be anxious Many j oung people would isten to the most solemn truths yvitli indifference, and he fcired this indicated a failure in duty on the pur of Christians It iv as for thom to rcaliso that U103 stood to the anxious soul in the rotation of a spiritual physician, and with loving anxiety thoy should lend tho anxious ones to the Great Physician ot souls for spiritual healing The large hall was again crowded at the evening conference Tho Rev Thomas Hill M A , spoke on the subject of " This Knowlcdgo Resulting in Likeness to the I ord " He pointed out that the Gospol was not merely a historv of the life and words of Christ it brought other thoughts-the thought of Jesus Christ ns revealed in His promise, " Lo, I am with you alwa>s, evon unto the end of the world " The Rev J W Leadley took for his subject, " This Knowledge Results in Work for tho Lora ' He pointed out that the first work the} had to do was to see to the «ah ation of their own souls , the next thing to interest thom «ros the salvation of the indty iduais round thom Tho proceedings wera interspersed with singing and prayer The conference will bo continued at 3 o'clock this afternoon _ 