A GHOST NEAR BENALLA. Viofot Town does not seem to be fli e only place visited, by ghosts. Thoso spirits aro apparently making a tour of the colonieB and paying each place of importance a visit. Niit many weeks ago we wc heard of one in Sydney, and since that time "spooks" havo appeared in Melbourne, Ballurat aDd Bendigo. Benalla has now been visited. The Standard, speaking of tho affair says:—"The ghost seen here by Messrs Stolz and M'Bean is no commonplace one, as it takes the form of a Newfoundland dog larger than a cow, and gnllnps foster than an express train, al though for a distance of 20 yarifa only 1 Tho spot chosen by this extraordinary phantom nt which to mnnifeat itself to human eyes is also more in accordance with the traditions, concerning ghosts. This spook has an eye for the pfcturosq.no, and has selected tho neigbborlKKri of the weir ns tlie place which lie rfesireR to Ixmnl. Unfortunately nothing can - he discovered in the past history of the place to account for his making his appearance ihere. 11 is true that the caretaker's house was burnt down recently, hut that is altogether too small an occurrence to be attended with such a result. .Messrs. Stolx mid* M'Beun on Sunday last went out fishing below Emu Plains, using a hakero curt as a conveyance. They enjoyed a fitir days, sport and all went well until noaring the summit of the hill in the neighborhood of the weir on tho return joitroey. The niglit was a splendid one for spooks. The moon had just risen, while the sky was slightly overcast. As tliey approched the fence of the caretaker's residence they were much surprised at the horsa shying, but tlie very next moment was destined to account in the most satisfactory manner for this action. Mr, Stolz looked up at the fence, und beholding a luminous spectre of the size already described, with n largo Mack spot on the hind <jnarter and another on the body, he caHed the attention of his mate to it The Phantom, although going at such a tremenduous rate, was apparently oonbls tobend its knees, and therefore its action had a rather cramped appearance. As already stated after going n distance of about 200 yards it distipp&ired; as mysteriously as it came. Although it may be a supernatural cross between a cow and a dog, this spook does' not show- himself to every jftsser by, which is a matter for very deep regret, as^there are many lo.r^rs of the supernatural in. this district.,. 