THE NOVELIST. Sworn to Avenge, By a New Author. CHAPTER XIV. THE CERBERUS. The balm of one of those ineffable days in winter that come like a dream of the early antumn to cheat the scenes into forgetfulness of the frosts and the 'blights that have seard tha earth dun ' and the foreats brown, and that come nowhere in all the spherical latitudes with suchjjwitching loveliness as on the nazy coast or JLJevon. One of those days Bhed its broad, be nignant emilo over the gloomy, silent castle of Ashboume, and seat beams of 'warm glory through the curtained case ments that scattered the ghosts and cheered the loneliness of its lofty cham bers. Katherine was in her sitting room. The sashes of a bay window to the eonth were open, and the sunshine min ed, in as a, mist of gold over the pots of blooming heliotrope — it3 own deer flower— that filled up the broad embra sure. The fire within the grate seemed out of place in so much sunlight, but it took the light chill from the room, and brought out the delicate odours of the flowers that filled vases hero and there. Katherine sat near the open vrindov.', half buried in a deep chair of pale lavender satin. All the furniture of the room was of that soft pearly shade, set out on a rich crimson carpet of velvet pile, with, bunches of lilac heatherbell ?wrought in its gram. She was still in a breakfast wrapper of white cashmere bordered with stransdown, and the snow ,of the down made the dark lusterof her eye3 and brows and the glossy black sheen of her amoothly-braided hair more intense in their contrast with her stainless slriu. She was reading from a Email volume of the Old* Scripture the story of Judith, vrhen Manton, the foot man, came in, and handed her Mr. Ken rick's card, on which was written on pencil, just under the name — ' By no means decline to recieve me. Uy visit is of the last importance to you and one of youv friends.' Neither then nor after could Kathe xine ever account for the certainty she felt that the last underscored word signified Philip Le3ter : but ao strong ?was this conviction, that it so Btartled her anxieties |coming from auch a source, that she bade the servant invite Mr. Eenrick instantly to her presence. At another time, and with less agita . ted feelings, Katherine wonld have used greater formality, and would most certainly remembered to exchange the dainty and becoming mgligce toilet for thtpropriety garments of sombreweeds. but in this moment her soul was filled ?with one idea which excluded every other. Some interest of Philip Lester, who waa absent, and unsuspecting, and consequently helpless, was, she felt sure, in the power of this black-hearted fiend, whose machination would find out and include every dear object of her life in his diabolical schemes. Formless, yet painfully certain, were tb.3 apprehensions that tortured Katherine when the odious visitor was ashered into her presence. Scarcely had Kenrick crossed the threshold when he was met by the huge, terrific aspect of the gaunt hound, Gelert, who, was a deadly warn ing in hi3 lurid eyes, and a deep, hoarse growl of defiance in his throat, sprang forward from the bear-skin rug at Katherine's feet towards the entering guest. There could bo not question about the' effect of this assault upon the visitor, who uttered a yell of suffering fear, and turned livid with horror at sight of the snarling fangs and ponderous jaws just read to spring at his throat. 'Gelert,' called Kathorine, in a aweet, clear tone. It waa enough to prevent any further show of attack on the dog's part, but by no means quelled the fierce aversion -of his look, that still ?was fixed on Kenrick, and though the savage beast came slowly back to his mistress's aide, the frightful teeth still grinned their menace, and the growl was all the deeper for being suppressed. ' Good heaven, madam, how can you have that horrible brute about you P' exclaimed Kenrick, half breathless with his late scare, and wiping the cold sweat from his clammy face 83 he made an effort to recover himself from the tin dignified confusion into which the shock had thrown him. Catherine was smiling with disgust ful contempt at the exhibition of coTOirdic8 he had jnst given. Kenriek .did not fail to note and understand the smile, but there waa no room for ex planation. She answered hia excited query very coolly. ' I must ask you to be more respect ful to Gelert. He is in every sense a man of honour and courage — true to his trusts, and bold in executing them. I had no idea, however, that he would exhibit such violent animosity towards you, or I should certainly have prevent ed the dreadfnl fright he gavo you. He has jiever before been eo ungracious to anyone. But Gelert has powerful in stincts, Mr. Kenrick.' The sneer was polite, but it picked sharply. ' I can. readily divine the nature of the trust confided to Doctor Lesters dog by his master' retorted Kenrick, with coarse induendo. ' I do not for a moment suppose that jou, or anyone who has seen Doctor Lester, could raiotake the nature of any trnst confided by him, which nrast of necessity be like himielf— noble.' Thero was a hot flush in Katherine's cheeks as she epoko, and the words were hardly uttered ere she felt with regret that she had said too much ; but it 'was not in her to falter in peril or pain ?where her womanhood was concerned, and Bhe added, with assumed indifferl ence — 'However, your danger is over for ' the present, and Gelert need give you no further anxiety. He is utterly obedient to me, as you see.' She leaned down and stroked the ieavy front of the Cerberus, and bade him be quite and lie down again ut-on his rug. To t)G continued. 