POINTED PARS. Will: Windoyor resign, or Donn dio in jail. . Ispeak with the weight of eighty win- tors on my hoad— Parkes. How far are wo off Federation ? Are wo oh 1< adoration at all p , Parkos saye Lovion is no humorist. This is unkind. n. s. w. is suffering from fiscal fever ogam. .Mr, b. b. tviso is receiving an extraor dinary amount of attention. Tho Premier was as fluent as a spout when replying to Parkes. _ If Parkes succeeds will Bibbs bo Agont- Gonoral p Not unlikely. Tho Solidarities number 12— seven pro tectionists and fivo. freetraders. Merchants havo less goods in stock now than thoy had thirty years ago. Eoason— Tariff turmoil. n.s.w. is suffering from a plethora of political opinious. Tho s. m. Herald pays two guineas for an acceptod louder. It has tho largest loador-staff of any Australian, daily. Warrants are oxpoctod to issuo immedi ately tho Doan Inquiry is concluded. a Sydnoy sooioty girl has shockod swoll- dom by a matrimonial alliance with a policeman. Tho Doan caso is uglior than over. Tho revolutions of " Yorky Bill" and others are vory degrading to humanity. SirHonry's speech was only nn; ooho of his earlier efforts. It lacked firo, dash and brilliancy. Political journalism in Sydnoy is won derfully amusing to those in the know. But it succeeds in gulling tho public. Sir Honry Parkos rarely roplios to a letter ho recoivos. "i tear up my- corrospon- donco, lot it answer itself," ho explains. Mr. Eddy may never return to n.s.w. Railways. ho has just a olianco of an appointment on thoL. & n. w. Railway. a marriago was solemnised under a tree on tho shoros of a pioturosquo portion of Sydney Harbour tho other day. Madame Molba onco gavo a concort in Sydnoy. Her share was 30 shillings. a ( vast difference to hor presont feo of £200. Dalloy- usod to write the, speeches of Lord Carrington. Arthur Galton was tho vocal | ghost of Governor Duff. Henco tho differ ence. Mr. Schey usod tho, aspirate in suoh words as honorablo and humble. Other wise his socialistic sentimonts are gramma tical. a political socioty paper as a counterblast of tho Bulletin is to bo established in Sydney. Tho capital comes from Adoloido. a brothor of tho bravest of bushrangors. Bon Hall, is a prominent inombor of tho Solvation Army at. Parkos. Tho dobato on the motion of oonsure proves n.s.w. to be a (hot bed of politics. Tho Victorinn Assombly, long in tho load, has drifted into tbo background. Tho sooioty lady of Vionnn with a pen chant for poisoning pooplo has boon ro- priovod. By tho way, Mrs. Maybrick was reported to bo dying throo yoars ago, but prison diot must agroo- witb hor aristocratic constitution. Sir Honry Parkos' incomo is about £16 a-wook. £300 a year as a member- of Pnrliamout, and', '£500, and ,anmiityfrom tho ostalo of tho Into Edward Flood. Tho incroaso of lunatics in Now South Wales inst year was 162 or 62 abovo tho nvorago incroaso- for tho post 20 yoars. Tho abnormal increase is traced to tho financial : crisis. Put not you sanity in monoy. Sir -Honry is not smart at repartee.. Ho oxcols though in doliciously sarcastio des cription of tho disposition of any member who. arrests his attention by interrupting him. Tho politicnl and legal firebrand Crick was fairly maddonod by Promior Beid on Thursday. Ho was accused of hanging on to tho lips of Sir Honry. Crick does not liko to bo called' a "hangor-on." An) umiable maid of 62 woll-known in Sydnoy social circlos, is to bo married shortly to the man sho loved whon sbo wab m hor teens. Ho hos-a largo family nearly ovory ono of whom are married. An awful rumour was current lost year that Sydnoy was built on a not-work of doodly microbo channels (tho sowors) and that tho microbo gorms might plaguo tbo oirnnd produce a pcstilonco at nny moment. Tho Sowngo Board has investigated and proved tho fooling fictitious. While Veteran Parkos was delivering his attaok upon tho Govornmont, Minister Garrard covorod his eyes, and forehead with his hand. ' Soo," said tho old politioian, pointing to Garrard, "ho hidos his head in shamo." Eocontly quite a contingont of Viotorians have boon arrested for criminal assaults. Tho prosecutions broko down in every coso- Tot tho authorities havo not yet proceed od against tho women for perjury.' - Mr.Roid has promised support to tho iron industry. An English syndicate has half- a-million awaiting investment in this direc tion. : Tho Bchoine will give immodiato em ployment to 9900 mon and hoys. It is oxpoctod to ultimately provido employment for 60, 000_ hands. This is something lik a projoot. Ex- Mombors of Parliament may bo soon in tbo streets of tho motropolis oagerly discussing tho joyful possibilities of au. early dissolution. Thoir orodit is appreci ating rapidly and monoy-loudors ondorso thoir hills with loss procrastination. It is timo patriotic Australians woro silont on the subject of Chinamon who thoy have rightly or wrongly anathematised. It ro- mainod for Quong Tart tho Asiatio to in augurate a fund for tho oreotionof a monu- mont ovor tho too-long noglected remains of old Sir John Bobortson. What a parody on our vaunted patriotism. Lady Duff and family loft Sydnoy on Friday by tram for Melbourno, whore thoy will join the b.m.s. Victoria by which they will proceed to England. a young woman namod Harriot Ken nedy, twenty- throo yoars of ago, out opon her wrist with a knife at Gundugni on Saturday, aud also took a large quantity of vormin-destroyor, dying an hour after wards. 