CAGED; OB, fink Blarchraont's Marriage by i,. i. h. CHAPTER IV. , (Continued). ' : R w« quite dark when we arrived there, and 1 wondered nervously wrlmt 'they would think of my nbsonce at home. 'However, it wat too Into for rnrrrst.. The same stolid faced German, who iind opened the door on my last visit, (admitted us now, and somehow the sight Jo'.him put old Kitty in my head. What flias becomu of that kind, simple, affcot- donate old creature, who had been half 'water and half sorvant to my godmother, for all the yoara that I could romembor, «nd many more? " Where is old Kitty ?" I asked, sud denly, as we were ascending the stairs. ' Katharine MacArdle, I mean. Surely Aunt Dora cannot be called lonely or w.thout a friend while she is there V" Doctor von 8teigel's dark eyes rested fully on mine as He answored with pen sive gontlensss,— " Katherine MacArdle died in an alms- house, or was it the workhouse ? At any rate, in some safe retreat for aged and useless persons, more than a month go." . All the blood in my body seemed sud denly to surge up to my head. Indigna- . tion gave baok my lost strength and courage, as I cried,— " Not in the workhouse, suroly ? Aunt Dora was always generous; nhe would never suffer her faithful fripnd and ' foster-sister to sink to suoh a low place as that." He looked at mo with comioally lifted brows, shrugged his shoulders, and said in his softest tone, — " You have yet, I see, to learn how completely Dora's will is mine; how . docile a well-drilled wife can bo. , For Ibo rest, I am not sentimental — or rather, I am sentimental in my own fnsliion, Miss Broreton. No doubt ,the old MacArdle had her uses in her day, but that day is long since past. Moreover " —lie paused, and the deep, dark eyes shot forth a sudden gleam that gavo a (ferocious emphasis to the last words "she opposed hewelf to me. She tried ito poison her mistress's mind. And so ; she died in the workhouse of a complaint which no doctor would catalogue or recognise, which she called a broken (heart." He spoke with a cool, cynical brutalitv; |rt was as though at the door of the room \- |in wluoh his sick wife lay, in which wo Crere both to stand in the solemn presouce f impending death, he deliberntoly laid Aside the mask he had worn with assidu ous care until now, and stood rovealed of ibis own free will, in his true chsraotor at Hast. I could not dislike or distrust him more thoroughly than I had done from the firat, but I shrank from him with more conscious liathing now. He saw it, and smilod again a cold, bright, cruel srnilo, (in which there was no trace of displeasure, ; (but rather, 1 thought, a sort of diabolical (pride. 'I ou are shooked arid' startled.' . - You " ' ' ' .shrink from me as from a fiend in human form. Ah, you are very young, Miss Bri-reton, and having many things to leain, may it be my pleasant duty to teach you by and by. But meantime, my poor Dora waits." Ho opened the door as he 6poko, and (in another minute I was by iny poor jgodmother'e aide. She was not in bed, inor did she look so alurmingily ill as I had oxpected to find her ; in faot, since . my last visit, thero had been but little change in her appearance She may have been a little grayer, a little thiner, but thnt wos all. As she had- done then, she day back among hot pillows in a high- backed arm-chair, staring straight before her, quite undisturbed by our entrance, nor could all my passionate appeals, my tears or kisses, rouee her attention, or bring one gleam of recognition into the lack-lustre eyes. At last I grow weary of my pitiful fail ures, and turned indignantly to Dootor von Stcigel, who stood a little apart watolung us with a sort of curious, imper sonal interest, a etrango Mephistophilonn figure xn the full brightness of the fire glow. " Is she always like this V" I asked, pas sionately, "knowing no one, not evou those she loved best ? If so, you knew it was useless, and worse than cruel to bring me here." Dootor von- Steigel lifted his floxiblo brows and waved his slender hands do- . .preoatingly. "Cruel to you, perhaps, but not use- loss. Oh, no, dear young lady, not useless 1 for the sight of thi helpless woman — helpless by very will, under- eland—may show you the extent of my power." " I do not understand you," 1 faintly esid ; but I did ; the horrible truth was . dawning on me even then; "No? Yousron'will listen: lam married to your godmother, ss you know. I needed money, and it suited my plans te have a rioh wife ; so f took ono ; but you do not know tliat it was quito against her will, She disliked me from the first ; yet by certain means not neces sary to mention, 1 gained complete mastery over her, and she became irrevoc- ably mm. ' _ A self- evident fact, unhappily," was By cold 'PSDonse, "May I oik why you lay bare you villlany to me? Why re- . . move the mask you have worn so success fui'vp" | Ho smiled. " Because, charming Nina, the day' is eoming whim you, too, will be my wife 1 : and slave," " You ara madl" I oriod, springing to my feet. "Let me leave this dreadful house at once— 1 cannot breathe in it 1 How dare you insult me so— you, the hus band of my dearest friend 1 Let me pass, ; I say 1" , V To my surprise, he quietly made way for me, and .1 fairly flew- from the room ; but . he was beside me in s moment. ':( :( " You are right ; yonder senseless lump . of olay hears nothing, but it is- as well that my otory should be contiuuod free 7.'< V ; from the influence of her presence. Be ' a. good enough to step in here v i He opened the door of the little /.-'rt. library, and gently pushed me toward it. < " How dare yon touch me ?" I oried, i turning fivroelj ; but with a firm grasp he thrust me into the room, and panting > wuh indignation and terror, 1 sunk iuto a chair ' Your struggles are nseloss, sweet ono. You cannot loavo the house until you Aave heard whut 1 have to eay," the soft v. '-vw.-1 : , ji.iMilce continued, "Ah.it is a relief to "Vil. : tJjrre vent to this consuming tiro," stroking ..v Jus breast |n a inolo-dramatio mauner ;:x' ' - which even at that moment made me ."tor, V- '.I 'axnile. "Hovo "on Niss.— lovo jo s— lo?a youl , ' ' V-',, ;L . : V'-;" '>: :';i I I am tied to an old wifo ; you linked to a young lover whom you vainly fanoy tlmb you love. But what of that? In a few w< eke Dora will be m her grave. Conway fowar will have consolod himself, and you and I will be in the fullnesB of our honeymoon bliss." I shuddered, but I would not waste timo in any Vain or impotent appeal.. My aullen silence seemed to.encourngo him. He went eagerly on ' "And it will bo no unhappy fate for you, Nina. I have not even been unkind to her, but to you I will be more than kind. For I adore you, . Nina. I have dreamed of you from the firat time I saw your beautiful face, and hoard your sweet voico in the hall. Do you remember that day ? I do so. well. I had deter mined that nono of my wife's needy hangers-onshould come about her and rob me of the all I had a right to expect. I was most particularly on my guard against you, whom she talked of always no her 1 child ' whom she mennt, 1 knew, to share her fortune at leaBt, and when I came out of the library I fully intended tu drive you away, but with my first sight of you that purpose died a sudden death, and another sprang up in its placo. You were so beautiful, that the sight of you almost took my breath away, and I have worshipped beauty all my life. I did not misread your feelings, or deceive myself for one second. There was no kindness in tho glance you gave me. But 1 said that later love would come, and then, thon how hatxpy wo should .be. How happy we shall be, Nina, when all that parts us now has pnssed a nay." He boat towards mo with outstretched hands and a hideous smile. As the blonde hoad boat lower and lower, as the £ull lips all but touched my cheek, I began to fear he was really mad. Impelled by sudden indignation at his unparalleled audacity, and hardly knowing what I d-d, I struck out with all my force at the inso lent, wicked face so neat my own. He drew baok with something between nn oath and a yell of savage p»in. And then I saw, with what lam ashamed to any was almost exultation, that a thin stream of blood was trickling down his clioek ; the sharp edge of the diamond in my betrothal ring had caught and out him sharply, just at. thecoruerof theeyebrow, "Yuu handsome fury, you shall pay for this,' hu cried with a diabolical glitter in his eyes m he pressed a handkerchief to the wound, and wiped the trickling stream away with an unsteady hand. " If you were not so handsome I would kill you, and no ono should ever know the mystery of your fate. "As it is — " " As it is, you will see the wisdom of releusing me at once," I said, speaking with cool assurance that tho quick throb bing of my heart belied. My poor god mother may be a helpless captive in your hands, but I am not. "Not in one sense," he answered, with a savage scowl, "though I shall sub- duo that proud apirit of yours, and bring you to my feet ,os meekly as I have brought her, in time. But" — the dark oyes lit up. the cruel, Bcarlet lips curled in that wicked smile once - more as he added slowly — ' but you should not be too defiant, my dear young lady. You forget that in another and more literr.1 sense you are my captivo still." Every drop of blood in my body seemed ' to rush up to my hoad as .1 flashed out in dignantly,— "You cannot I yon will not dare detain me!" v , ' ' " Will I not? There aro no limits to ny daring, Miss Breroton. 1 have. set che law at defiance all tny life, and the aw hns done me but Utile harm. I am ; not going to regard it as a bogy scarecrow aow. A few days of seclusion will do yon ill ths good in tho world. And in spite .if this, " touching the still bleeding wound as he spoke. " you will find nu tho iindost of jailors, 1 assure you, dear young lady." At last he stood before me as he was— a ruffian of the worst type ; and I felt my courage quickly giving way. "This— this i3 monstrous. You are umd You must be!" I cried passion ately. "Do you think it possible that yuu can keop me horo ngainat my will, Doctor von Stoigel? That I have no friends who will search for me when I am missed ?" "You have friends, bat thoy will not find you until it is my pleasure. If they oome here, which they will not do until tlioy havo searched all London over, thoir inquiries will bo most politely answered by me. I shall not have soon or heard from you. You will never havo oro .sod the threshold of this honse." The room seemed to reel round as I listened to the catm, clearly spoken words. A horrible conviction ot my utter helplessness crushed me. 1 oried out in . desperation, — "Ah I you forget the people who saw me enter— the man who let me in — " " Will see ns 1 see— will speak only as I bid him. He is my slave, as you. my lovely rebel, will soon be. Reflect on that cortaintjr for an hour or so, and let mo find you in a more amiable aud con ciliatory mood when I return." Ho went then, leaving ie half stunned in the centre of the room. I beard the harp cliok of the. key ns it turned in the look, and the sound seemed to make me real ze with cruel clearness the insult and c ii race I won called on to enru-o, I flew to the door, and tried with all my strength to shake it, but, of course, without result. 1 soreamed with all the lorco of my lungs —screamed till my voids cracked, my throat grew sore And dry ; but that wild cry was eohoed by a faint laugh far down the -corridor— a laugh that was full of mooking triumph and de light I tried to look through the key- holo to discovor if any ono was near, but found the key still in the lock. I ran to the window then ; it loookod only on the trim, closely, walled-in garden, that sloped down to the slug gish little oanal, and was hermetically closed— nailed up in a curious fashion, that for the first time made me think Aunt Dora the prisoner of something more than her husband's strange arts. While I was still trying with bruised and shaking fingers to move the heavy nails, I heard the chime of a church cloek striking first the quarters and then the full hour. With a beating heart I counted the strokes, eohoing tho last with a sharp cry of dismay. ' Nine 1 Is it nino ?" 1 cried, hardly able to believe my ears. It did not /seem possible that five hours had passed since 1 stood at the door of the Charing Cross Station, hastening happily home— and yot what a life-time of agony I had lived through since then. What an agony of suspense those who loved me must be enduring now. Nine! And I havo told mpthnr that I wonld bn homo by five j mid she wno ao nervous, so easily alarmed. Sho lmd retained through all her metropolitan experiences her countrywoman's horror of tlio Londou streets. She would torturo nnd half madden neraslf by imagining the worst that could befall me. And yot, what imagining of here could be worse than hie helpless imprisonment, of which in her wildost fanoy she would never dream. " They will tntnn there has been some acp>den$,, and search tho hospitals," J 'cried, pacing tlio room with hurried, ferver.'d «tsps,|Working myself into a very fronay of terror and pain. " Oh, he was right 1 Thoy will think anything but this, search any where but horo. And whilo they nro. blindly hunting on the . wrong track I shall go mad or die, . -Oh, Heavon holp mo 1 Heaven send thomto my help soon I" The tears ran down my cheeks, and fell thick and fast on the clasped hands I had lifted in an involuntarily prayerful ges ture. I could find no help, ns sdtjgoation in my own distracted mind.' I could only pray os a child prays, with nn intense, unreasoning fervor of faith that some one might bo sent to my .aid. „ 1 think t iat childish invocation, and per haps tho shedding of those passionate, hysterical tears, helped to calm and. strengthen me. I began to think more clearly, to censo that trapped, bird-like beating against the liars of my cago ; to tell myself that in patienoennd self-con trol now lay my only hope. ' i " He will not keep me long : he dare' not,"' I said again mid. again, though without muoh relief in iny own comfort ing words. "He will not dare detain mo by sheer force. With the tporuing, I for his own sake, he . wilf roloaso me— but, oh 1 the agony they- will endure at home." "Nina!" I started as the weak voice foil on my ' ears Absorbed in my owh agony, con- vinued Of her leaden unconsciousness, I had forgctton .my fellow oaptive until I now. It appeared that, after Mux left I me and desoended to hiu own room, Aunt Dora recovored consoiouaiieas, and hear ing iny cries, had rushed to my resono, and, turning the key of my prison, hurried in. < | " Aunt Dorq," I cried, with a thrill of joy, a I rau 'ti> her side and-onught her thin hands in mino. "You know nie I" | "Yes, yes, child. There are breaks in the long, horrible dream my life ib now. But never mind me now. How came you hero ? Heaven knows I am glad to see you, but (ihiii . is no place for you. Go home at oiico. Go." She enforced the appeal with a pas- r.ionate gesture of entreaty, half rising in her chair, and pointing eagerly to the olusod door. She was exciting herself dangerously. Her thin cheeks blazed with lieotio spots, her h illcw eyes shone with unnatural fire. 1 lmd no ohoico but to toll her something of the truth. "Dear Aunt. Dora," I said, ns gently and soothingly as I could, "1 cannot go. Did you iiothear the key again turned in tho lock?" . As I said this we heard the doctor's snoozing laugh, and the eoho of his retreating'steps. A look" of horror over spread the countenance of the poor woman, who begun to have vague ap prehensions of, wo knew not what atrocity. 1 crept closer to her side, burying my face in her lap, feeling tho soft, southing touch of her weak hand about my hnnd, involuntarily comforted by that human contact, that pitying, helpless tenderness of the fellow-captive, who was much more to bo pitied than I. How long wo clung togetlior like this I do not know ; in my numbed misery I lost nil count of time, and fell into h sort of doze, in whioh I seemed to myselt to have been dajrs, woolen, and months aw.ny from '-home— so -long that iny . very memory had half faded from the minds of those who loved me bost. 1 thought that, ' myself unseen, I saw my father going about Ilia daily duties in calm, matter-of- lact fashion, a little older, more gray and, careworn, perhaps, but evidently sub missive and resigned. 1 saw Nannie nnd my mothor Bitting in the old way, at work in the familiar room, and heard them talk of me, tenderly and -regretfully' indeed, . but absolutely ns men and wumen talk of the unreturnmg dead. Worst of all, I saw Conway Power join them. Conway; my ever hop-ful, ev>T sanguine lover — saw tho deep .marks of. grief on his worn, iiiiuueoine fnoe, and : heard him say 'in the full, sweot-toned : voioe that had so often made glad musio, in my ears, that ho, too, had resigned all hope. I sprang to my feet with a shrill, piercing ory thnt rang 'through and' through tho room and out into the cor ridor. " Conway. I am not doed I Oh, Oon- . way, save mol'' The nry was answered— not in my dream, but in glad and blessed reality. I heard the tramping of many feet in the corridor, the sound of iinvry voices, and a sharp, fierce struggle. Then there war a heavy crash, the door burst upon, and I was in Conway Power's arriiB, Bobbing my very heart out in the arras of my true lore. I remember but little mora of what naesed then, or for tho next few days. Nannie says that I fainted and gave . them no more trouble after my lirst out burst of hysterical d«lii!lit ; and, though I am not given muoh to fainting, I sup pose it was so, for I can recull nothing olenrlv after that first sight of Conway Power's face. " And it is not wonderful,- poor darl- ' iag," Nannie said, affeotiou'ately, when', ; !he first sharp illness that had troubled' my healthy life eubdued, I was allowed to ask the questions that had haunted me nil through that' spoil of feverod pain, : . " for if our sufferings were terrible that night, what must yours have been 1" I ' "Did you think I was— dead?" I asked, recalling, with a shiver, the in cidents of that horrible dream. And Nannie winoad at the ugly word, though she answorod promptly— " We thought everything that was horrible. W o thought wo should go mad, especially when Conway came. Poor Con-, way ; it was dreadful to see his despair. We wont to hospital aftor hospital, sta tion after station, and at' last— bloss me ' for the thought, Nina ; it came upon me '' like an inspiration in a sudden, certain : flash— to North Bank," "Bless you, indeed, Nan I" Ported, I with quivering lips. " But you . must tell me all, dear; how you got' in, aud how—" I "Oh, tliero is plenty to tell, if you only leave tho talking to me 1 VVe went together, Conway -and 1, and the man who opened the door denied nil know ledge of you. 4 She is riot here !' Con way oried, harshly, with that fierce, dreadful ring of deepairjn his tone, that mudo my heart ache, '.Coiuo, Nannie ; we must find some other place.' He was turning away when the door ot tho end of tho passage opened, and a mun whom I I knew at once came slowly toward us, I The light of tho hall lamp fell fully on ! his upturned fnco and fair, silken locks you had so often doaoribed. Thero wait something about him that seemed weird and uncanny ovon to mo ; but Conway otared us though lie stood in tho prusonco of an actual ghost. Marcus Ntereteinorf ho ouid, slowly, almost an though ho wore trying to recollect. 'Conway, it is Doctor vou Stoigol — Aunt Dora's husband 1' 1 oriod. 'It is Maious Nioroteiner, tho con v lot, the aesauin, whom 1 6aw triod and Buntonocd to tho galloys six yoara | ago !' he cried. Thou '«Jouway soized liira ! in hm "trong grsop, r; at tiiut iuunioui, lyoon frantjo ccpaip.,rsnp through the house, and I heard a heavy ornali, an Doctor ..Voft Stoigol's body was flung aoioss tho hall.- .1 rushed quiokly up tho stairs, guided by your cry ; but, quickly- ,as I went, Conway pushed by mo, and set his shoulder to the door. It broko opon, and my dear, you know how we found you. You know tho root; . " Yes, I know," I cried, wiping away my happy tears; "all my troublos'arB over. ' But poor Aunt Dora— oh, Nanuio, what of hiir?" ' ' ' , Nannie shook her curly head, nnd said Conway would tell me all I wished to know; " Oh, if Conway fenowo!" I began, but Nannio atlswored : ..... " 1 will not discuss anything more ex citing than bcef-teu aud barley-water to day.' Of course I had to submit, and, ss 1 roally was weak, nervous and excitable 'still, 1 was not allowed to re-open the subject, either that day or tho rn xt ; but un the third, the cvo of the new year, 1 receiv'id formal permiosion to go down stairs, -and had not: been in the drawing- room mure than five or six minutes be fore Conway came. in. "At lust I" I cried, with a sigh of intonce satisfaction, as ho sat on the sofa \- beside me, and took both my eagerly- extended. ..hands in his. " Oil, Conway, you will toll me everything— will you not, dear, now ? Abuut Aunt Dora, and all?" "Yes ; it is a wretched story I" " Safo from all ! that is what they say when— when — Cbnway . la Aunt Dora dead ?" ,l " No, .no, ; not likely to die. . Sho is im proving rapidly under your mother's care. Niersteiner was not lier husband; the ruffian ud'lod to his other crimes, and I am fortunately able to prove the fact." "And you recognised him at once — could prove his indentity and release her?" - 1 oried,. looking curiously in his face. "Conway, how lucky— how wonderful— that was!" . ' Lucky enough, my darling ; but not so wonderful after all. The Niorateincr trial niad<\- a great sensation at the tiuio. 1 was in Brussels, doing ' Our Correspon dent' business for one of the illustrated papers then, and, of course, made several aketches <<f the prisoner's fnoe, a notable face at any time, and one not easy to for- . get." "I shall see it always, oven though its owner never- crosses my path again," i oried, recalling with a-sln. uler the great dark eyes that had seemed to blaze into mine — tho cruel, seal lot lips that had curled in mockery of uiy misery. "He will never do that," Conway an- swerod, with confidont calm. ." He . escaped ' from the houso, but tlio police, noting on the ' information 1 gave them, were promptly on hia track; he was caught, and handed over to the Belgian authorities yesterday, and they do not let thoir prisoners e'scape more than once.", 44 And what was his crimo ?" 44 Murder 1 a brutal, sordid murder, that here wuuld'inevitably have been punished with 'death. Ho played in Brussels pi> cisuly tlie.samo game he had commence! here — wopjued himself into the confidence of a rioh bid' woman — a banker's widow- persuaded her to marry liira,. tp tho die-, guat of alDher friends, kopt'her shut up in a sort of prjnou for about nix months, at the end ' or' whioh time she died, and ho married her maid, a haudsome 'girl from thesouth of Franoe." , "Ho murdered hia first wife; .he was murdering Auni Dira t"I cried. "Tho girl betrayed him, and, in send ing her accomplice very safely to the galleys, saved hoi self, which was all sho oared for, I suppose. I shall ..never for get the look he turned oh his. glib and- unabashed accuser as he left the dock' after sentence had been passed. I nmdti a rough sketch of it' then, and a picture! afterward; . I will show you both some day,4 "lio net!" 1 broke, in, pftoously. ." I want to forgot his isoa— to for get him and all this dreadful trouble, Conway.1' Aunt Dora fulfilled Conway's predic tion nnd did' not die. Bnt she was ill i'oi a long time. Siio and Conway soon be. came friends, and my impetuous proprie tor hinted to her that ho did not muu to wait oror long for me. And though, of course, I liked him all the better foa his'irnputienco, I felt .it would bo very 1 cruel to desert tho lonoly, spirit-broken wonmn now. ' "That moans that you want to tako Nina from mo soon, Mr. Power ?" Conway gavo a nervous look _ across at mo, but I would not give him any help. .- " Well, not so very soon," lie auswered, with an apologotio laugh. "But I want to take her,- 1 admit 1 ' " Do note-do riot' toko her from me late or nqori," Aunt Dora said with a passionate .quiver in her voice. " Mr. rower, yptf'oan write your ploys and paint yoiir:. pictures' here, and make an old woman's last days very happy. Marry Nina -at onco and make this your home." " Why; Nina,, it, is a lovely plan. The vary thing to make every cne com- fo; table ; of course you will say yes?" oried Nuriiite; ' ' . "Say yes?" Aunt Dora's palo lips echoed fepbly. And we said it in.a breath ; and though Ootiway did not greatly like the prospeut at the time, wo have had no reason to re- .gret our decision aince. ' (thb end.) 