DR. HOLLIS BEFORE HIS CON STITUENTS. Dn. HoLras, the Ministerial candidate for Goulburn, addressed a largo and enthusiastic moeoting in the Acadenmy of lousio on Wednesday evening. The llayor occupied the chair, and there was a large number of supporters on the platform. The gallery was crowded with nladies, and the body of the ball was also well filled. Several ladies hadto be given eats on the platform. Thie Mayor introduced the speaker to the audience, and in doing so he characterised the omembers of the Upper House as a lot of old fossils who had thrown out all the useful legislation passed by thel As sotobly. Dr. Hollis, who was received with onthnsiasm, said that he hardly expected on that occasion when they did him the honoour to so emphatically endorse their previoes verdict on him as a candidatefor their stifrages he would, on this anniversary of that occasion, be again coming before them asking for their approval of those principles whitch hte had put before tlhem and unable to say that the Parliament elected with souchl mnnificent enthusiasm and re preosentative of the best and the truest interests of this country had carried into effect one of those measures which he put most prominently -before them. This barr.n loegislation was more remarkable still because it was neot due to any neglect of their duties by those whom the electors Ihad senet to Par liament. With thle exception of two sboet nionths, since that lday 12 months they Icd been in almost continuous sessioc dealing with those great measucres which thley then had tile honour as candidates to placo before them, and hardly onue week had elapsed eu that long time in which membeors of the Assembly had not been called upon to sit up night through the night in order to give effect to the people's wishes. MIoreover, on many occasions they had had sittings which had lasted for more than 30 hours without intermission, and all this great work, this. energy, this continuous aesiduity, had been wasted. Why ? Because it had been discovered tlhat the constitution of this country-whichl he knew they all revered, beeacso they oughlt to, becausoe it was a constitution which the best men of their time gave to us when we got self-government, and it was mouldedon a constituticn which had beenproved throdigh cmay tests to be the best and most in genious nmachinery ever devised to conserve the liberties of a free people-it had still been found, that this constitution had yet insuftlicient means to give effect to the wiohces of a free people under cer tain conditious. (Applause.) There wao a collec tion of men who were called by the terms of our Constitution Act a Legislative Council, and during the last 12 months they had been so unmindful of their duties and their responsibilities as to wantonly, cepriciously, and unwarrantably oppose themselves to the expressed wilshes of nearly two hundred thousand people because the direct interests of their own elass, with whom they were most iutimatebly associated, were attnoked, or simply because, ns wasa suggested last night by a gentleman who addressed a meeting in that hall, the Premier, who voiced TIIHE WIr OF Tun PIEO'LEt, did not choose to address them in sufficiently re peetful totems. Conld they imagine that parsons trusted with tIhe Queen's commission to review legislation, educated, trained to the-responsibility of the position whichl they held, could from mere motives of persoalt affront have dared to expose our Constitution, whlich it shouhl be thleir special care to proest, to the unwarrantable danlger which must acorue to it if the people of this country are to be taughlt that as a machinoery for giving effect to their will it is an ulabsolute failure. (Applause.) Who were theseo Legi.lative Councillors ? Forty-one men who at various times had been nominated by Governments long since defunct and discredited to review the legislation of the Assembly. They had at the time of their appointment some warrant for the position they held, brosnse theoretically it was assumed that the Governments whlo appointed them were at the time representative of the people, and it was unlikely that any such Governments would make appointmeocts of persons not to some degree representative men. But since that time the Governments upon whoso reprdsentativouess the reproesnoutativeness of these men was based lhad ceased to commend the respeot of the. people, and now at this late date, when the very Govcrnments from whom they derived their authority had been torn down by the electors from their high posi tion, how could tleso men, their meore creatures, claim to have thle right to override the Chmmber whlich was rlpresentative of the will of the people as exprssed as late as one short year ago F (Applause.) Tie position was intolerable to men who inherited the instinets of those who fought for British freedom. He told them that if they submitted to tlhis-- no matter -what their views might be oc freetrade or protec tion or upon any othler cquestion which now agitated or Iled agitated the minds of the electors for the past 50 years-if they were prepared to submit their representative Clhamber to the dominance of a nominee House, they were no better than slaves (applause)-sloves it might be under what appeared to be a form of free government, but slaves noneo the less, because free as might be their right to choose those whom tlhey wished to legislate for them, their representatives were yet subordi nete to thle will of 41 men whot represented nobody but themselves, and a slave colid be no worse. But they would not tolerate it. (Voices: No.) And those wrho souglt by any intrigne or any device to ob scure the greact issue now before the country and thus slhild the Legislative Council from the fate which should await them deserved not to be tolerated by the elctors whose franchiseo they cought. Ise had alhays professed and he did hold a love for freetrade, but were he a protection ist as he was a freetrader, he would prefer a thousand times to see this country governed by a frootrede policy, if that were the wish of the peopo, than that his protectionist belief should be elailod upon an unwilling electorate by a nominee House. (Cheers.) (A voice: The will of the people wasn't always good for the country.) It was thle misfortune of the protectionits of this country at the present time tlhat those who, said they represented tlfem in Parliamdnt had not the p:triotism, when this constitutional oriosise began, to rise to the level of the great occasion, with the ex coption of one protectionist, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, a gentleman whose know lodge of the relative power of the two Houose was such that he was compelled~ in spite of his pro tectionist belief, to admit that the oaction of the Legislative Council was mostunwarrantable. There was a grand opportunity when the Legis lative Council took the power and the authority out of tile hands of the Legislative Assembly a short time beck for any patriotic protectionist member, if such existed cpart from tlhe Speaker, to riose up Iu hles pieco and say that he for one put hi love for representctive govern mont above any question of the day such as protestion. (Applause.) Protection and freetrado were great questions, and he for one would never undertake to underrate their importance, when considered at the proper time; but they were matters of yesterday and to- day compared with TOE TEnTAL I'PINCIPLE which lies at the very foundation of free institutions and free government-the right of the-repro sentative Chamber to decide in the long run whlat shall be and what olhall not be the law of the country. (Applause.) No, there were no protec tionists-not even the young democrat of Argyle (laughter), not even the young doemocrat who re prosonted Braidwood, nor.thct old democrat who for so long had louthed demnooratio plltitudes that the very air vomited book, thle member for Quean heyaau (laughter), not even he stood up in his place and said thlat, though a proteotionist by conviction and yet believing the people would adopt it, he considered there woo a matter of greater importance even than protection, and that wts the right of the House to govern the country. (Cheers.) THad ono of themo said that the party might have stood before the electors to-day in a very different light fi-om what it did stand; but now having intrigued with tlhe Legislative Council as they did to secure thle defeat of the measure which had osecured the approval of the Aseombly, they were now dragged unwilling eulprits beftire the electors of the country and hadto aneswer the lcharge of treasou to the obpresentativo Assembly. (Cheers.) Would the mnoember for Argyle answeor that ? Ito called himself a democrat, a be liever in the poeeple's right to govern themselves, but where was he when the Logislative Council time after time destroyed the elaborate work shich the oAssembly, the people's servants, had sat up night fter night laeboriously to initiate? (Cheers). This conception of what was their duty to protection had led maney proteptionists altogether away from what should be their pOnecepltioU of theirduty tI their country. They hald plt party and protection first, their country after. Take tho'speechdelivered last night by a gentlemcn who was seeking their sufcrages, ageainst whomn he could not say one word cnoer ?er -onld as a gentleman, but welo showed last night by oceo short renoark that he wos altogethler ineopablo of forming a iaew of what yas the duty of the represeotaetivesof the people. (Applao!seo). He said this-and he (Dr. iHolli) woeld be untrteio to them acd to himself if he did not dnrw their at tention to it-that Mr. IReLid deserved to be treated by the Council as hohad been, and he likened his position hand the position of the people to that of a en who was travellilng along a dusty road on a hot day gqd mot a man in a gig. (A voice: Ho would want a wplisky. Laughter). The road which led toloegislativeo refrmn was a dusty, weary oco, and they had been traefolling it for years; but thereo was some one in the gig, tnd the candidato speaking last night asked if any person hleo expected to be taken up into tie gig ought to begin by ltrowing stones. That was his idea of the position of the Legsiastive Council. (A voices: It is not true. A chorus of voices i It is true.) If hIe was not correct he would withdraw every word he hod said. (Voices: You'roright.) The Legislotive Council was the man in the gig, and they were the wearied pedestritn, and they mast ask tlhe favour of the man in tho gig to lift them up-two or three lhundred thoosand eleotors--and carry them along the road to reform. (Applauseo.) He guessed the people of this country would want to know WI0o 0W TD TnHAT 050 (langhtor and cheers), whetbor that gig had been given to those people for tleir own counvnience or for tlo purpose of serving the contry. Was itnot lamentableo f Was that the temper in which those who fought for and won the liberties which the people possessed approached their constitutional conflicts with kings-kings, and an aristocracy compared'to which our colonial aristocracy was as a more thing of yestelrday ? Was that the spirit in which those men dared to fight for years, and even tually to bring evon the king's majesty to the scaffoldin defence of their rights niider the Consti tution ? No, and it would not he by mcu of such spirit that this great fight would be fought against the Legislative Council, for the fight was impend ing. (A voico : Will you fight.) He would take his lshare (cheers) with their bind assistance that day week. (A voice : Like you did on the Eight Hours Bill.) Yes. That geotleman might have waited to ask him a question later on, but as hehad spoken he would turn aside. He had referred to a Bill introduced by those who must have knorwn better, which proposed to send men0 to gaol who worked mnore tlhan eight hours. He would ask that gentleman if he was prepared to go to gaol for working more than eight hours. (The interjector : Yes.) Then he would send himself to gaol for working one hour. (Laughter and applause. A voice: You don't work at all.) These matters wero , too serious to be trifled with in this wiy. There was to be a colnfliet with the Legislative Comicil the end of which no man could foresee. (A voice: You can't do anything with it.) He hoped that geontle lman would remember that he was not ontertaining the audience. (Voices: We'll chuck him out, if you like.) He would leave him to his own good sense unless he compelled them to do as Mr. Reid recommended them to do with the other fossils. (Laughter.) Be the end of the approaclhilg conflict what it might, hlie could not suppose it was oxpected for one moment that the two or three lihundred thousand electors should give way to the 41 repre sentatives of the Legislative Council. There must be some means in the constitution of aliering the stots of affairs which had lead to the deadlock. Should there be no way, then he could only foresoee a large amount of confusion and disorlder in the government of the country whiehl no man would be glad to see, and the responsibility would rest upon iose sowho by their position, by their education, and by their experience ought to know better than to put so great a strain on the constitution. IHe did not know whether they expected him to refer again to those matters whieh he dealt with when he ap peared before them at the last election. In all respects nHIs OPrneOesS nEmaiED teOHANoGD. (Applause.) If theirs remained the same then he asked their votes:once more. It was for the purpose of finding out whether their opinions were the same that he had been sent to appear before them. He had no desire to detain them there that :evening with a review agatin in detail, as it appeared to him the time would be wasted. His motto would be one of sholrt speeches and, he hoped, a large majority. (Applause.) He did not think it was necessary for hlim tb take up their time to show them the fallacy of .protection. (A voice: No.) There might be some who requited to be corivicueed on that point, but he thought they were beyond convincing. He quite understood that protection had been absolutely killed at the time pf. the last election-(applmose) but they all know that in old houses which hlad fallen into a state of disrepair they occusionally heard of ghosts appearing, and so the ghost of pro teotion had re-appeared in the Legislative Council. It was now propoosed to put that Houseo in a proper state of repair and to clear the ghost of protection out of it. (Applause.) If there were any voters left in Glulbbru who wished to Iheor him on the question he would speak on it, but lie must confess that having relia the speech delivered in that hall the previous eveoninheo. did not see that anything more was rtuired from him in order., to S"-WELL pROTEcmONTI ENtRELY. He would ask those who wished him to go into the question to hold up their hands. (No hands were held up in response.) He now wanted to ask those who did not wish him to do so and who were in favour of killing protection to hold up their hands. (A forest of hauds shot up in response to lthis request.) He would then have nothing to say on the matter of protection. IHe would refer to the oeverol measures whiclh the Legislative Council had refused to pass. 'In the first instance the Assembly sent uip a bill tdiregulate our navigation laws to. rendler .more safe the position of those whoo were compelled to go to sea- That was followed .by a bill to regulate and improve the condition of those who were compelled to work in the coal mines, but the Legislative Council did not allow those mehares to pass. The same fate met a bill providiiig for the settlement of industrial struggles by arbitration and conciliation. Besides these was a bill to reform tlhe tariff oand income ind lind taxation bills. With regard to the taxatiou bills he had to say that, as they all were aware, he NOT eOet L TOVE with an income tax. He had ineover advocated it and never would, but when the Government bracketed the two things together he was compelled out of allegiance to the principle that he most de sired to vote for the two. He thought it' was the wisest course to take when the bill came before him. It was on the same principle that he had voted for the proposed exoinptions in the land tax, exemptions which he could.not find any justificlation for, either on principle or expediency. He lad dono his best; andhe, with others, had kept the Govbrnment out of bed nearly all night on one. ocoasion to try and haov thle exemptions omitted front the bill. He thought they were a great mistaoke, becauso he be lieved the small landowner had no desire to shirk the paymont of a:lnd tax when lairgo .laIndoooneors were made to pay their share. (Applauhso). But the majority of tihe House decided against them, and, loyal to the principle of a majority rule, lihe voted for the bill at tihe third reading, fooling that the measure had not been absolutely destroyed by the amendment. After the present great struggle with the non-ropreseointative Chamber had been fought, and he had no doubt of the result, he hoped to file in side by side as far as he could with those who had fought that great battle, 'and when the bill came before them again he would be compelled to vote again for the exemptions and an income tax; but, at the same time, he would do whatever he thought was best in order to secure the people's right to be the coutrolling power in the country. (Applause). Mir. Reid had proposed a reform which should meet with the approval of all seea*ions of the democracy of the country. It was a great reform anod one that deserved to be supported. Mr. Heid's proposed nominee house was as eoOD A SAMPLE OF A NOaItnEE HOUSE as we 'could get. Ho proposed that should the Legisiotive Council twice refuse to give effect to the will of the Assembly in matters of taxation the Assembly should be able by resolution to consider that Irmeasure as if it had li6econ passed by the Council (applause), and in other matters he pro posed thar wchen the two Chambers wsere unablo to Igreoo the matter should be referred to the peoplefor final settlemont. (Applauso.) There were some ditferonces of opinion as to the necessity of an Upper Chamober at all, but his experience led him to the beliof that the second Hoosoe of legislattro could hbe made to serve a very good purpose in order to give a clear and decisive effect to thie people's will, provided it was kept oonstantly in touch with the people's symtpathies and provided it was made subordinate to the Legislative Assembly. (Hear, lear.) Its proper sphere was to supervise the wording of Acts and alter any defects in that direction, and in a few cases, but only in, a few, to rofuoos for at time to sandtion a laws which they thought lhad becu hastily passed in theo people's Chanlber. He had knowvo of stich instanices oond it wase toherqforo wise to alwvays have a Chamnbor with toe power, for a time, bear in mind, to check hasly legislation ; but they coa!d not give any number of irreseonsible men the power to stand in the way of the ipeople's will and say to them " Stand back, you cannot come any further." For one reason he was glad that the conflict had arisen with the Legishi tivo Council and that tho 'peoplo had been called upon TO TIOROUGEo Y v S Xia E TIIEIB OONSTITUTION, beoaaose as they were aware a seoheme had been pro poserd to establish a larger Countitution and a larger tParliuament-the Parliament of United Austrolita. In the considerotion of that great question he had ,io doubt that most men would be hl'gely infitloeced in the near future by the result of the contlior, that was now being fought out in Now South Wales. (Aplauso.) They hotd discovered a flaw in their own Constituion in time which they wouolo see was not perpetuated in the larger Constitution of a Unitedo Australia. The pople ad men sent to lraftthe constitution would profit by the present d?odlooe and oaro would he tokeni that nothing would be insortcd that in rfter yesrs would olnthlrall tiheir children and their children's children. (Hear, hacr). He did not'desiro to address them at length. There were others to speak after him, and he need hardly say they were all anxlios to hear Mr. Townsend. (Laughter). He would simply esay this: that he would go back from themn, he hid no doubt abont tlhat, with the following moessage to the Logislalivo Asscnmlly of Now South Viales t' Gertlemnc, the electors of Goulburn out of respoct for their rights as men and as free oand indepelcont voters, out of a duty they owe themselves iu ilnheri tors o010 froe system of govetoroment, call upon you ond npon you aolso, goeitlemuren of the Legislative Council, to make thi, 0onstitsstion oj ours so workable that it shall give offect to the free wishes and opinions of thb people of this country. (Applause). We call upon you to do this in time while yet this question can bo, calmly cousidered, before any violent rsipture has destroyed the charm, thle sacred charm, which hedges round the Constitution of tlle peoplo ; we call upon you, who should be the do fenders of the Constitution, to givo us our rightoand make tihe Constitution workable and thus'proveut a rovolintion." Dr. Hollie resumed his seat amidst laoud and prolonged applause. A numberof questions were asked and answered, and the audience elicited a good deal of fun out of this part of the proceedings. A native of the Fader land caused some amusement by ascending the platorm haranguing the crowd eon th?6 evorils of borrowing and other subjeots. Hc eventually re tired amidst howls of derision. A questioner asked whether it was not afact that Dr. Hollis believed in freatmrdo because protection placed s burden on thie working classes? D r. Hollis replied in the affirmative. SN ow you haIve sdmritted," continued the ques tioner, "that the customs duties should be removed on account of their oppressiveness on the working classes, wly did you in the House tnot vote consis tently and pat down the high salaries of the Civil servanFtsL which create a greater burden on the work ing classes than any custom duties could possibly doi"? (Hear, hear). Dr. Hollis said that was a very nice question and was very well put. It reminded himof another question. (A voice: "No funny busilness." Another: "Givoit tous straight.") They would get it very straight, but hre must be al lowed to aunswer it in his own way. It reminded himr of another qurestion. There was oneo a certain philosophical society in which the question arose, "LWhy does s dead fishl weigh more than a live one P" The thing was discussed for asome time without any solution being found for tise query till atlasta Scotchman (ohe did not know whether his qurestioner wats a Scotelaaan) rose and asked the simple question, "Does a dead fish weigh more thas a live one ?" On examination it was found that it did not. Now he asked the question, "Are you sure that I did vote to keep rp the high salaries of Civil Servants e" Unfortunately for the questioner his query was not true. He had voted against thd high salaries of civil servants times out of number. In 1894 it was again proposed to retrench, and it was then proposed to retrench overyone who had a salary on the prin ciple of the Irishman rwho believed in hitting a head wherever it showed itself (laughter). He had recollections of having vted inr 1892 and 1893, of having voted earnestly and hard, but he found that when they came to the umau who had sutlicient in fiuence in the Legislative Assemrbly he seeoted to slip through their fingers, andi he also found that the members who proposed the retrenchment knew very little about the matter. In last September when spealing to a proposal of retrenchment he got up and said he would like to know whether the hIon. member who proposed the retrenchment know any thing about the gentleman he intended to retrench or anything about hIis duties, because one man might be worth £2 per week and another might not be wroth los. Another might be worth £4 and another £3, and so on. It was all very well to talk about retrenchment in the Housea and then go round to the big men of the departmrents and solicit votes for their electorates. Those who Ihon.rstly wantted to rretrenoh and to see that thle capable men of the service were properly treated should know somre thing about tile men they proposed to retrench. When the member for Morontro proposed to retrench a gentleman in the Legislative Council he asked him did hIe know what the man had to do, and all he could say in answer was that he was a clerk, es if thats were suflicient. WVhy, the same term could be applied to the men holding the highest positions in thle Government, the Secretary for Lands, the See retary for Works, and even the Colonial Secretary; but did they compare those persons with an indi vidual who simply addressed envelopes for a private £firm ? HIo thlerefore said he could ndt be a party to make any retrenchment in the salary until he had some better ruason for doing so. He was quite prepared to retrelch, because he was in sposition to retrench. He had never asked a favour of anry Civil Servant, and never would. (Applause.) He did not make it his boust that he had had a large sum of money spent in his electorate, and he claimed that noons who didso was in a position to retrench. There mnast be retrenchment, and the late Civil Ser vice Commission would be of great ssistance to members in finding out where retrenchment could be madewith justice. (Applause). In reply to another question the canrdidate said the Reid Government had offered Mr. Eddy an in creased salary of £4000 subject ts tie approval of PFarlirament. As to £1800 being promised for ex penses he did not know--he did not believe tlthat. R.tther than return to the old system of corruption and patro,,sgo whichl existed in the railways, ire would sede Mr. Eddy again in power with a salary sotfllcirent to keep him hera. (Applauso.) At the same time Mr. Eddy's absence from the country at this time showed that there wsm really no great necossity for the increased salary. He would re. quire some strong argument to prove to him after the way in which our railways weore now conducted by the men in charge, that it was absolutely necessary to give this increase to keep Mr. Eddy hero. Ho had not had an opportunity of voting for £500 for Mr;. Eddy's expenses-it had not been on the estimates. He was not in favour of increasing Mr. Eddy's salary by another thousand. (Ap plause.) His experience of pensions was that those who ought to get them did not, and he would be pro pared, except in the one instance of judges, to vote for the abolition of pensions. Judges should be placed in snuch a position that they would not be tempted to depart'from the path of duty. When before the electors in 1891 he said he was in favour of legislating for the eight hours principle in those cases in which it could be applied. If his questioner were not desirous of fin(ing something which he might call a flaw in his representation, if he were prepared to come with an unbhiassed mind he would know that he had voted for eight hours of labour in coal mines. He could never bring himself to vote for Mr. Sehoy's crude bill, which makes every man in the country liabl to imprison mont if hIe worked more tlhan eight hours a day, md he never would. (Applause.) The same qrestionor, who had prt a long string of queries, bemoe confused in putting another question, evidently notbeing ably to read it clearly., He thanked the candidate for his kind patienea considering that he (the interrogator) had no voto in the electorate. (Laughter). Question : Are you in favour of the exclusion of " aleens P" '(Laughters) e did not know how his friend would have got here if he was. (Laugis er. I. Bushell put a series of questions about the supbrannuation fund, and referred to some thing done by the Stuart-Dibbs Government, which induced Mr. T. Wilkie, seon., to protest against the candidate's being held responsible for eomething that happened before he entidred the House. The candidate said the two last Parlia ments had not voted mouey tolwards the suporan nsatiyn fund. Many Civil servants were in favour of th repeal of the Act. He could not take any steps becuse no private moember could introduoos a Bill which referred to the expenditure of publio money. As to mining on private property he believed in an Act which would allow those who were prepared to find a guarantee that they would restore the surface to the condition in which they found it to go on the land with tihe least formality possible; but they would never get tlhat while the people who owned the land governed in the Legislative Council. ( Arlt'oa . n favour of taxing land becauseo it in tihe course of time acquired a valto not given to itby the individural but lwhich accrued by Ihe industry of tirhe people in the neigbourhood andl throughlout tihe country and by the expenditure of State mroney in the colonyand more particularlyn?artholand; andthero fore tohe value belornged to the communnity. It was not so in the o~ sao of anything else that a man might oawn, because it tended ralthertodeteriorato in valuo. (Applause.) The sarme questiner was understood to say the landed men had no incomes ; and the cnandidato suggested he should go round the country and adyocate their causo-they needed somebody. (Laughter.) He6 was in favour of memrbers being represontative of the majority. In reply to Ir. Locko, Dr. Hollis said he would not take in taxation the whola value of land, but the whole of the community value. (Applause.) Mr. A. Townsend moved a vote of confidence in Dr. Hollis and brought down the house by a refer ence to Dr. MoLarwin's widow. Alderminu Howard seconded the motion in a few appropriate remarks, and on bcingput to the meeting it wts carried unanimously. Dr. Hollis, In reply, said it was time the people of Gosilburn refused to be contoent with simply wining their own election by a largo majority. Heotloght it was tirse tlhat thsey madeincursionsinto the neigsbouring electorates ansd awoke tihe people to thedangers that were besotting them. He ihad had only a verylbrief acquaintance witththegoutleman who was contesting the Argyloeelectorato inr the interests of liberal reform, but frum tihe manuerh he had butered thoceontest, and the vigour Ihe' wast patting into it, slthough he did not agree witlh all his priariples, notably tList oppositio to paymqnt of srmbers, Ire thought thsaC eonllomran deserved to be Font to Parliament at the Iossd of the pollto assist Sir. Iloid. HIo hoped that tIhe majority of the votes in Argyle would be cast in fasvour of Reid and reform. Ho moved a vote of thanks to thre Mayor. This wast seconed by Mr. A. Mitchell and carried y acclimantion. The meeting broke up with cheers or Dr. I-ollis and for thie Premier and free representation. 