AOTA POPULI By The Flaxeuk. Sammy Lees is doing splendidly ! Splendidly for the; people and splendidly for himself ; for he has opened his Mayoral career in. such a blundering bungling style that it is safe to say he will never fill the ofR.ce again, even though he lives to be aa old as Methusalera'a maiden aunt. Those who made him Mayor have a doal to answer for, and, if the ratepayers don't, a just heaven will certainly demand a full explanation from them. As I before remarked, you can't make a whi&tle; out of a pig's tail without spoiling a very respectable tail and getting a derned poor whistle for your trouble, and that is precisely the jacknsa job which Sammy's alleged friends perpetrated when they stuffed him into the Mayoral Chair, with all his imperfections on. his head and a gorgeous cloak on Ms back that causes him to appear about as dignified as a bob tailed magpie would look in the ' New Woman's ' divided skirt. ' , , .. / i '?'It' has; been truly .said that, tirrie and; circumstance very of ton' maker li'man famous.' 'If 'Julius \ Cicsar were living here to-day wo would probably find him fiaw£mgrteabnc'6mrtii5'siQn,Pahtii'ntimieworkmghirn self up' until he secured a little grocer's shop of his own; and:was' eventually honoured with aJ.P.-ship. Buthad Sammy Lees been a citizen of AricientRome he! /would never have been anything', more' than a poor'; jobbing printer, chasing round ' after orders with a paper cap on his head and a slit in his trousers as long as the ''just two minutes ' which a man's wife keeps him waiting while ' she'is haul ing on her gloves. . . ?'?'Personally I believe Mr. Lees is a very worthy man— a man from whom even, a prof essiorial .politi cian' could 'borrow half-a-BOvereign. until' the 1st ' ?without compromising1 his dignity : in the least. But he is no more qualified to be .Mayor of Sydney than the Hon. John . Lucas is to hold the bicycle' championship of Australia. ' Men who' have but one thin'1; to recommend them soon get flayed put. The art'ist who fiddles on one string may interest us for ii ye minutes or so, but if he goes beyond that time vve'fcel inclined to rise in our wrath and bang him over the head with his; cursed: fiddle. .. Mir. Laos is essentially a one-string performer, and he seems to tiave realized this distressing fact already, ' for apparently he is anxious to crawl from under tHie load of greatness thrust, upon him arid 'resign his claims to the Mayoralty, in favour of, Harry Poranl When applied to for the use of .the Town Hall bytva certain section of the unemployed Mr. Loes cheer fully;, granted the request, thinking, no doubt, t-- ?-.secure' ; the sympathy : of,' tfh'e horny-handed arid' ??strength' en the silken bonds, which bouudlum to'the ' Mayoral chairj but the moment lie heard tli'e howl raised by;' the Press against, his action -he climbed do wnr and sought to shuffle out . of .the, dilemma by. sjiunting the, responsibility on: to the City , Council!. The, result was that the Councillors . promptly ; sat ?upon.liira with their full weight, 'and .after; rubbing, hiss nose in the dirt they told, him to. rise;aud~.buy a nay/ backbone and.have a little more dignity, -for the future. This was decidedly a bad start for.thel^ew Year, but we- tutor ultra, crojudain—thoj jobbing printer shouldn't gp^beyond.his jobbing''^ paso.'1 ; ?? ^ , I .hrtye j ust ;heard of .a Philadelphian lawyer who, hayiag.travelled extensively in .BurmalV, .Avu^filliiig up .the head of. a . Sydney girl .with tales touching %\ie remarkable trunk, work and the like performed T^y, elephants) in that country, and in; order t to..:create i'J:-'1::- .'U- i.:j ^'^ . - ? '?:? l- }? 0 :7 ?-/? '? -^: '.':,- ll ..'? V a good impression ho -handled the truth a trifle care lessly during the course of his remarks. He told the straight truth about the way in which. the ele phants toil all -day, piling up teak wood at the saw mills, and even laying tho logs on the plane, ' and,' ho continued, ' there was one old elephant, much wiser than tho others, who after he had laid down a log went down on one knee and squinted along the timber to see if it had been placed straight.'. And just at that point in the conversation the girl smiled sweetly and said — ' Ah, I had my. doubts at first, but now I am quite sure that you arc an American after all.' ' In like manner Avhcnever I hear an awful cram mer now I involuntarily exclaim, 'Ah, here's: another spook medium and thespirit of Ananias' is at its old. game still.' A3 we have riot hoard what Mr. O'Sullivan.M.P., backed for the two Cups, I; presume the sporting spirits which he calls from the ' vasty deep' laid him on to something 'stiff,' but anyway, some friends of mine who ~ -practise and have great faith in the table-thumping game sum moned no less than seven spooks just before the late Randwick races, arid in every instanco they, were told to back Sundial and Loyalty for the double — Carrington and Cup. This is a positive fact, and as neither of the horses named over saw the roadr the real winners were travelling I am more than ever convinced that all the spirits know and all they don't know would, if bound together, make a very large-sized book indeed. One of the sitters at thia seance was a young mar ied man, who not only backed the ' table's' tip,; but was idiotic, enough to tell his wife what he had done, and to promise to buy her a whole vanload of milliner's trash with his anticipated winnings as; well. He walked homo from llandwick by the dirt; road, of course, and about midnight the woman; next door heard him passionately exclaim : ' Yes, ; Matilda Ann, I can recall one blissful moment, not' so long ago, when we stood beneath the silent stars,; and yau said that no stroke of adverse fortune could: ever draw from your lips one complaining word ! Now, you upbraid me for losing money at the races — you — you !' ' Well., why shouldn't I ?' was the: sharp reply, 'when you go fooling about backing tho tips of things that couldn't tell a horse from a ? hen — unless they tasted both. The next time I catch you sitting at a spirit-rapping table I'll mash it into sawdust with ah axe ; and as- for the swind ling medium, I'll bust him in pieces with the right; arm of the law !' Last Monday night my friends were at the table; jigging foolishness again, and by way of solving a mighty mystery I asked them to ring up the spirit of Sir Roger Tichborne. In a few moments they declared the correct spook had been yarded, and. so I asked, 'Are you the spirit of the ' real Sir Roger?' ' I are,' was tho reply of him who in life was a cultured English scholar. ' Ask if it's hot; enough for him where he is at present,' was my; next femark ; but this was evidently taken as an. insult, for the table dashed round the room at. the! rate o! a mile a minute and then bucked off both j its hind legs in a corner. ? - ' ? ? :; Talking of Tichborne, it is evident now that in ; the: way of being killed 'fatally dead' and being; carefully buried, and then popping up to life again as fresh as paint, the missing baronet c^uld give long odds even to the irrepressible Osman Digna. who was wiped out every second day during the Soudan scrimmage, or to John Farrell's famous 'Veteran,' who fought with Nelson at the Nile, arid Wellington at Waterloo, and Ryan at Narra iriacca, where ' again he died,' but who ' couldn't rest in Heaven if he tried.' /From information received, I find that Tichborne bsgan his bewildering career by getting himself drowned in. the wreck of the Bella, after which ho arrived at Melbourne simultaneously in three different barques, and died at Geelong. He was buried there, too, but, like the aforesaid' Veteran,' he wasn't buried deep enough, and so he came out of his grave for change of air, and went mooning about the back blocks until ho was captured and killed and eaten by a mob of ' Myall' blacks, who had never tasted boiled . baronet before, and who nearly split themselves in halves trying to surround more than their 'possum depots were licensed, to carry'. ... , .. ' / . ._ /.,' 'And, then he died again.' This time on a Queensland rush, , but not for long ; he had too much push, and so : we find him varying the monotony of hU dying life by marrying a widow. Tins time the wife* died, and of course Tichborne, to whom the shuffling off of this mortal coil Avas no more than the kicking off of, a pair, of old boots, died again to keep her company. Later on he appoared in the Wagga district, and probably made himself more obnoxious, to his .fellow- men, in the character of a bopk-hawkeiy or a; traA-elling herbalist, who pro f jssed to cure all ills that ilesh is heir to by means of tansy tea and broth made out of Bathurst burrs. Anyway, he was murdered, and his head was cut ofr and stuffed iu a hollow log, and hid body thrown i-ito the, Murrurnbidgee,' after Avhich ho swam out, recovered his head, and then lost it again to such an extent that he was arrested and sent. to;a lunacy asylum. How often he has died and' jumped up ?vyj}ite pfeller' since then is Best known to himself, but if he keeps on doing it much longer he will attain an eminence in Australian history second, only to that of tho giddy old « ' Kiama Ghost. ?'? - I Personally, I am convinced that the real Sir^ Roger is dead, but I wouldn't like to say so 'out loud' for fear he might call round and convince me Avith a sapling that he Avas not. Furthermore, I belieA'e Tom Castro is merely the natural son of the late Sir Thomas Tichborne, and a member of the; Orton family.. This Avould account for. Castro's strong resemblance to both families, and quite a number of other things besides ; b,ut anyway, ' it's none of our funeral,' and so we will let the dead rest, if they are inclined to rest, Avhlch seems rather doubtful just, at present.. ..,.???...-...,,', Touchfng the marks found on.. Cresweli, evidence; of that kind' requires to be very carefully handled ; indeed. I remember the case of a man named Parker, Avho Avas triod in London for bigamy, he! being taken for another man named Hoag. Mrs. Hoag's lawful husband had mysteriously disap peared, and she Avas going about singing ' No one to lovo' one day, when she suddenly caught sight of Parker (who certainly looked Arery like tho miss ing man), and had him ' arrested, first for desertion and then for bigamy. This remarkablo case re A'ealed the fact that Parker's resemblance to Hoag Avas not confined to any mere general likeness. Mrs. Hoag sworo positiA'ely that the accused Avas the man sho had married ton years before, and as she: had lived with him for eight years straight away, 1 she asked the Judge if it Avas at all likely that she, could bo mistaken in the man. His Honor, who was a bald-headed party of 20 years' standing himself, said, ' No, certainly not ;; what a wife didn't knoAv about her husband in ten years' time wasn't worth learning,' ''after 'which' he ordered Parker to be examined by two medieal men. The result Avas the discovery that Parker had a scar on his forehead just the same as Iloag^ had. Hoag spoke Avith a lisp— so did Parker. Hoag: had a wen on his neck— so had Parker. But Hoag; had only four toes on his left foot and Parker had five, and this led to the case being postponed for a-; week, during which time the real husband, Hoag,; turned up and explained that he had been ' shang haied' on board a boat bound for Melbourne, and; ae he rather liked the country there, he^'didn't hurry: back. That Avas a narrow squeak for an innocent man like Parker, -and as Mrs. 'Hoag left the Court with Hoag she feelingly remarked, ' God be Avith the good old times, for now-a-days it's a Avise wife, that knows her own husband by candle-light or by daylight either.' ? If a person is assuming a beauty; ho (or -she) has' not, by wearing a set of fatee treeth, Avhiclv? has ilOt'' been paid for, can the. dentist put the brokers, in, so' to speak, and recoA'er his A\'ares ? That is the tick lish' question Avhich has just been, decided iii an; American Court;: and as the' dentist seems; to she ' .doing :a. rather rextensive business .here it is quite; -possible that we :may hear of similar trouble . .nearer \ home.. , .. ., ? ,,; ,..,,,;,.,;,:.,,;.;! A confiding manufacturer of molers,: finding* 'one? of his patrons very backAvard in coming for ward; Avith a settlement of his little bill, summoned him for ; the amount, and subsequently a learned doctor of ? the law argued for the defence that the teeth having; become part and parcel of the person of the defen*; dant, the sheriff's officer had no more right to en force possession of the iArories than the' miker of aj Avoodenleg had to tear the limb off one of ; his eus-i; tomers. Eventually the Bench, decided that this! view, of the case was correct, and the defendant Avalked out of the Court Avith a smile that revealed; a set of pottery teeth as, Avhite as the fleece of \ Mary's ' 'little ' jumbuck.' This is a serious1 mat- ! ter ; for if the ruling stands good in- all eases, how; will the fat butcher fare Avheira customer refuses to| ante up for a year's supply, and _.. pleads that, as -the i meat supplied has '.become part and parcel .of tho^ person,' the law cannot enforce a settlement of the bill r ! ? ??'' ' ' ;?? ? ' : -: ' ' :::.'''' ' :;;:; i 