??' '? ? ' T; THE ? r ? - BOUPW OF RIMION. A Stiv^ of the 'Black Country' of I South Staffordshire. j JEANIE G WYNNE BETTANY, Author, of f- 'Aunt Saracen's Two Legacies.' &c; ? CHAPTER XLVIL— (Continued.) 'Oh.' he cried, shaking till the very floor shook, . 'the .cloth's fn-11 of them too. See how they spread their legs aiid come out. Oh, let rue get out of here.' he screamed frantically. 'The walls are covered with them. Are you a devil that you won't help me?'' And with one more effort to escape from the room, he fell face downwards upon the ground. We will spare our reader* the horrors of the scene which followed. Joshua and David Rimnion both came.- at Riuipler's request; and. by the doctor's suggestion, Mr. Salrrmg was telegraph ed for. He arrived about 11 o'clock in the morning, and' witli him Dr. Towers, j He had brought this doctor on his own i responsibilty. hating such great faith | in him; and h© took him upstairs with- j out any ceremony, Mr. Riuimon was seated in a chair. looking the picture of misery; Hackbit was sleeping now, and breathing very heavily. ' Dr. Towers -advanced to the bfidside and lifted his eyelid, and turn ed and looked about the r|om, but said nothing. 'He'll get better now,' said air. Rim mon hoarsely: 'he's gone to sleep. Oh, what- a night we've had.' 'He'll never wake again,' replied Dr. Towers quietly. 'I have seen cases like this before. It is a possible end lug to delirium treruens. They sleep j to dea tli. I can do nothing for him; so ; I had better get back.' I 'Wait a bit,' said Mr. Saitring. 'I I want you to witness something.' He I was ashy white. He walked towards I the bed. He laid one hand upon the I man who was sleeping his last sleep, I and raised the other above his head, I and looked upwards. I 'I call God to witness,' he said. I 'that I will never sell one drop of in I toxieating- liquor- again. And I will I rid myself of any property I now pos- \ I sess that is the result of the sale of I driuk.' I His raised hand fell by his side, and I he faced round and looked at the aston I ished Joshua and Towers. I 'There is no evil so great in the wide I world as drink. Can it matter whether I the poor wretch drinks it at your coun I ter or carries his bottle home? The I end is the same.' I He looked upward again. I 'I pray the God of pity to forgive me ? for the great wrong I have done the I human race, for ever having sold or I even given away a drop of this poison I of souls. Reparation there can be I none. The evil is done.' And Mr. I Saitring covered his face with his I iitmds. ' - I Dr. Towers placed his arm round M Mr. Saltring's neck, and said soothing ? It. 'My good friend, God judges us by I fte motives. Could 'you, who hive I *e best heart in the world, have ever ? meant to ruin any one?' I ' 'Remember the proverb, doctor,' re ? turned Mr. Saitring, without taking his Aands from his face. ' 'Jivu is I wrought by want of thought as well as I want of heart' ? This has brought it I home to me. Within the last twelve ! I months.' lie said; raisonghis white face I and looking at Hie doctor, 'cases of I spirits have left my shop enough to I bring this''-^aad he indicated with his I hand without looking towards the bed I —'to I fear to say -now many homes. I Come, doctor, let us go away. I should I like to have. seen. Keziah, but I can't I face her. If no one had sold the I brandy, he couldn't have bought it, I and he couldn't have drunk it' I 'He didn't buy the brandy of you, at I any rate,' said Joshua Rimmon, rous I ing himself to speak. I 'That makes no difference,' replied I Mr. Saitring. 'Come, doctor, let us I go' I But while he spoke, all three noticed I that the sound from the. bed had. ceas I ed. Towers looked a moment, and an I swered Mr. Rimmon's look, 'He's gone, I poor fellow,' he said. I CHAPTER XLVHI. I It was about the middle of January. I Thomas Hackbit lay in Jumley Ceme I tery; and in the windows of his house I was a notice, 'To Let' No one uad I made any search for Keziah. She was I missing, and Elworthy was missing. I The facts seemed to explain themselves. I The house of Rimmon was disgraced. I Mr. Rhnpler had been engaged by I Mr. Rimmon, and was now residing in I his house. The baby Was there, too; I and Wilson had come to nurse Mm, at I Mr. Rimmon's request '' The other ser I rants had been dismissed. Mr. Hack I bit had left no will, as is often the case I with those whose business it is to make wills. I During the last few weeks Mrs. Rim I mon had aged visibly, and seemed so I near breaking up that her infirm state I formed a principal reason for Mr. Rim I mon's engaging Wilson. Mr. Rimmon's I hair had grown very grey, and he I walked with a slower step, with his I head bent forward, and his shoulders I stooping. ' I But where was Keziah? I It was growing dark one evening I when a ghost of her former self— yes, a I ghost even of her changed self — enter- I ed the gate of The Hollies at Bowdon. I Maud had been watching at the win I dow and saw her approach, and flew to I open the door. Keziah fell into her I arms, crying hysterically, 'I have^ I come, Maud, like a beggar, to beg shel I ter. I have no pride left now, Maud.' I Maud half carried, half led her into I her favorite sitting-room, cooing over I her and calling her her lost darling, I her own darling, and her own Kizzy. I In an incredibly short time refreshment I was brought, and the poor wanderer I was fed and warmed. Maud, flitting I Mther and thither, swift as in. the old I dayjs, carried most of tbe things with, I her own hands, and only. tended, and I forbore to question herald friend. I When Kes&ak; Jiad- eaten, and* was I Trarm,1 ''be* iie&d; drooped upon 'her I breast, and she fell asleep. Maud I looked at the Jiead. Where were all. I the short curls gone? The hair was I shorn quite;, close .to ^h0 Jiead, And I her eneeJisf Hdw?/sunlc;fen tiiey were! I Xlarfd 3iaa':plabeaJ herself ~so that the I head might rest 'against her, and ca I ressed it tenderly wittf Tier white fin I gers. and dropped scalding tears t upon it, and remained cramped in one1 posi I ti»n for nearly two hours, rather than I Tvake her darling: Then Kezian open ed her large startledAteyes, and said pleadingly and quickly— -'Look, I will tell you something. Don'tsend me out just yet. I have nowhere to go to.' l^en she riecolleeted herself,; and said, 'Oh, I was areaming. '.' I thought I was back in the hospital again. -Oh, Maud,' «he cried, flanging her arms about her friend's neck, 'how glad I am it is true I am here.' Maud answered only by her' caresses. Then Keziah drew her head back, and looked into her friend's eyes in quiringly. 'Do you know?' she asked. 'Have you heard?' 'Dearest Kizzy,' replied Maud, 'if I ?have heard, and if I know, I do not reproach you?' 'Ueproach me?' said Keziah, looking pnzzlvd^ 'Well, yes, I did provoke him; but I am repentant now, Maud: I will go back to him and beg his for giveness.' Was it possible that Keziah did not know that her husband was dead? It .seemed so. . She had been in a hos pital, it appeared from her conversa tion. She might know nothing. 'Kizzy.' she said, taking the wan face between her hands — the face that had nothing to recommend it now but its pathos— 'Kizzy, you will never go back to your husband.' Keziah started, not at the words she had heard, but at the tone. She look ed for more, and did not speak. 'Kizzy. my own love, you are free; your husband is dead.' Keziah flung herself upon the couch, and sobbed hysterically. 'Oh, that I had been a better wife to him,', she cried. .'Oh, that I- had been a better wife to him. It anight never have end ed so.' And she sobbed aloud: Maud knelt by Keziah, and laid her head beside -hers, and wept with her. She was weeping because she believed her friend had fallen. 'Kizzy,' she said in her ear, 'at least if you did go away with him, you have left Mm now.' Keziah started up at the words, and looked her friend in the face. 'I— go away with him, Maud! Who dares to say 'it?' Maud only cried, 'Thank God! it is not true.' 'True, Maud!' said Keziah. 'No; 1 have sunk low, but not so low as that.' 'Oh. Kizzy, forgive me for having be lieved it.' said Maud, humbly. 'But you see it looked so much like it. that you and he should both disappear.' 'He disappear!' exclaimed Keziah, affrightedly. 'Is he not in Leaming ton, then?' 'No, he has never been heard of since that night Your brother Jubal came in here, and told me all about it' Keziah Ioofied very quietly into the lire. And then, as if suddenly recol lecting, said, 'Where is your husband, Maud?' 'He is in London. Kizzy, being ex amined. W« will not talk of him, if you don't mind. And now, Kizzy, had iiot you better go to bed? I don't think you should talk any more to night.' 'But I must know- one thing more. Of course, my baby has gone to father's?' 'Yes, and Wilson is there with it.'- A beautiful smile broke over Ke ziah's face as she heard this, and she safd contentedly. 'Then I think I will go to bed, Maud.' It must have been about 3 o'clock in the morning, when both Maud. and Ke ziah awoke with a start. They heard a fall and a terrible crash. 'Whatever eaji it beV' said Maud; and she flung on her dressing-gown and went out. But though she search ed the house all through, she found nothing wrong, nothing broken, no thing displaced, nothing of any kind to account for the noise. Still the sound had been so loud and of so startling a character, that neither of them could sleep again, so they kept their light burning and talked. Keziah related to her friend how she had wandered along the road to Wolverhampton in the night time, and men now a Dreat. came, and she could remember nothing until she awoke in one of the wards of the. Wolverhampton Hospital; and she was told she had had a fever. When she was well enough to go out they had given her the money they had found in her clothes, and she had come straight to Manchester. Then about dawn, Keziah fell asleep again; and Maud remained awake. The sound she had heard had been exactly like the smashing of the hall lamp 'by something falling upon it. When daylight came, she was glad in deed' to end a night of wondering and silence. She was dressing herself when a post man's knock came to the door. 'How early the post is this morn ing,' she thought. It was not a letter; it was a telegram. She swayed and fell, crying, in a suf focating voice, 'My darling's dead; he's dead.' Keziah. weak though she was, gain ed her side, picked up and read the telegram. Yes, he was dead. Maud lost her consciousness entirely. And when at last she came to herself, it was only to cry, 'He is dead! and now he will never learn to love me again.' She became so ill that a ser vant was despatched for a doctor. He ordered what is always ordered in such cases, and can never be obtained— rest. And the day wore on, and Keziaih and TWo-n/i Trmt ?in mimwnv. Thev were both widows now. The next morning a letter of parti culars came. Tom Towers had passed his examination, and had gone to his hotel, and right up to his room, which was at the top. And by accident, it was believed, he had fallen over the banisters from the top to the bottom of that great building, smashing the hall lamp by Ms fall. Inside was a letter, addressed, !n his handwriting to his wife. 'Read if Kizzy,' she said, 'for I cannot' Kiz zy opened it and read, with dilated eyes and horror in her face: — 'I have pased my examination, Maud, my own much loved, wife;, and shall end it all to-night Shall I tell you why? I can bear life no longer. It was I who committed the murder poor Elworthy was accused of. I did not mean to do it I swear I did not. I ought perhaps, to have died and never told you. But you might hear of it some way. You would bear it better coming from me. The money I have had from you at different times has been to purchase the silence of a man who .saw me commit the deed. 'And now, with my last words, 14-eg you to forgive me, and to believe how well I hay© loved yoC The man will trouble you ntrmore when I am gone. You will, I know, believe I did not mean to do it And now I enter on another world, where we may yet meet if Go* flardons me,' as lam sure, you wiii.; -r. .'??:?' '.;'. '.:???.-. . . ? .--., 'Your Heartbroken Husband.' .. Keziaii did not snow this letter to Maud for a day or two'; not till a ver dict toad been given, at. the inquest of 'Accidental death, due to over- excite, men-t from exaimination.' Maud never saw his -body, and never even saw the coffin. She felt it would have killed iu*. He wta burled in Manchester, In the cemetery where she had so often walked. CHAPTER XiiEX.- ???V- In. the afternoon of a. very dull Satar-r day-: in ; January, . two '.. years afteryKe ziah Hackbit 'and Maud ITowers 'were made widows, preparations were being made at the Chestnuts at Bowdon, for a party wihieb Mr. David Rimmon was to give to some of his nephew's friends. Jnbal, who now boasts of something more than down on his upper lip, and has grown broader and handsomer, scands with iiis back towards the draw- : ing- room fire, his hands thrust into his ? trouser pockets, and his head poised i superciliously. David, anxious and j nervous, watches his nephew's face as j if to learn his content or discontent i In it. | i'WeU, Jubal,' he remarked, passing j one hand through his hair, which was growing very scanty now, 'does the room look like other people's now? Do you like it?' 'Well, really, uncle.' replied Jubal, breaking into a light laugh, and show ing a shining row of teeth, 'as I chose all the things, it would be praising my self if I said I liked them.' David hooked both his thumbs into ' the arm-holes of his waistcoat, and j looked quizzically at his nephew. 'Yes, j i-f course, Jubal,' he said; 'but is the I furniture properly put in the room? You see. I've no' other room to compare it with.' 'Oh, yes,' Jubal allowed, 'it looks well enough.' He had got into the way of not expressing much pleasure at anything. 'And, uncle, if you j don't mind my mentioning it, perhaps j it may be as well that you should not put your thumbs in your waistcoat arm-holes before the fellows that are coming here. Fellows are apt to take these things for indications, you know. And,' he added, without noticing the manner in which poor David removed the thumbs in question, 'don't you think really now you could manage to use h's just a little? I shouldn't like to j hear the fellows describe you as 'young Rimmon's uncle, innocent of h's.' I'm sure Med win laughed when you asked him to come to your 'ouse; and, after all, it's a simple enough matter to say 'house,' and so much hangs on it.' Poor David was completely in a flut ter; and all the more likely to show badly before the 'fellows' on that ac count. 'You see, Jubal,' he said, not ! at all crossly, 'I never had mucn schooling; I went to work when I was ? ' 'And there's another thing,' said Ju bal, flushing. 'Pray, don't refer to the time when you went to woi'k.' | There was almost impatience in the tone in which David replied to this. 'It ruav be an easy matter to you, Ju bal. But at my time of life it's no easy matter. I have managed to get on, and make a little money without h's; though I am sure, I didn't know that I talked any different to other people, before.' 'That's what I thought,' said Jubal, 'and for that reason I draw your at tention to it. Don't imagine that I wish to hurt your feelings.' But Jubal had hurt Ms uncle's feel ings, and very deeply too; and he, with his native gentlemanliness, which existed despite his lack of h's, did not turn upon his nephew with a rude re joinder, as that young gentleman would certainly have done, could they have exchanged places. Neither did he wound Jubal's feelings by telling him of the wound he had inflicted, thereby proving himself the true gen .tleman; for are not all the rules of society founded upon this basis, the avoidance of open wounding of the feelings of others? 'I don't mind altering anything,' said David, 'if I am able to do it, and it's for your welfai'e.' 'I thought you'd take it like that' returned Jubal. 'You're an awfully good fellow.' If Jubal imagined that this salve would heal the wound he had inflicted, he was mistaken. He had robbed his uncle of confidence, and given him mistrust of himself in place of it He had called his uncle a bear, and thought that patting him on the head, and saying, 'Good fellow,' as he might have done to a dog, would quite make up for it. He might have re niembered that even a dog who has been well thrashed rather resents than is grateful for the pats upon the sore places given him in token of re conciliation. But on the strength of David's saying nothing more than we have recorded, Jubal thought he would continue the lesson which had been so well received, having no penetration into the i'eal state of his uncle's feel ings; as those who do not love scarce- ] ly ever have. j 'And you know, uncle,' he went on, \ 'gentlemen don't say 'Sir' to one ano- ] ther. In fact, there's little necessity | for calling anyone anything. If you i have occasion to use a name at all, you from your position might use the I surname alone, as soon as you know j them a little; otherwise you can say 'Mr. So-and-So,* but never 'Sir.' ' 'Well, that is strange,' said David. 'I was brought up to think 'Sir* the right thing.' 'Never mind what your bringing up was,' returned Jubal. 'I'll tell you the way to treat these fellows. . You must pretend to look down on them instead of up to them.' 'Is there any necessity at all for that?' 'said David. 'Why should there be looking down or looking up?' 'That's' just what it is,' Jubal re plied. 'There's always looking down and looking up. And so you must look down on these fellows, or they'll soon reckon you up. You mustn't re rnember anything except that you're a manufacturer and a rich man; and these fellows may be swells and all tba-;, but I can tell you, between our selves,, they often don't know which way to turn for money; so you've no need to let them look down on you. And now, uncle, if you don't object I'll put you into your suit so that you may have time to get used to it a bit' This suit was of -a pattern such as David had never liad on before. But, as Jubal had told his uncle, he dressed 'Yes, I'll put the suit on if you like, Jubal. I'm afraid it won't look very well on me. And you didn't tell me what these .round tables are for, Ju bal.' 'Oh, never mind about that,' re plied his nephew. 'Come and have your clothes on.' As they passed out at the door, Da vid looked back ruefully at his meta morphosed drawing-room. It was very pretty, wifch its rose-colored cur tains and furniture, pale, carpet and strange caibinebs. But David's draw ing-room was gone. He could never take a Sunday afternoon nap on that couch. It made him tremble even to think of it. In fact, he couldn't use the room .for sunything : any more. Everything was gone that lie wanted, and everything, there was useless to him; and there was a great deal of disappointment; In his mind when he looked at the spot formerly occupied by an old-fashioned bureau which would open out, and on which he wrote his letters, and in the drawer of which he 'kept his camomile flowers, from which he made herb tea, as he ?called, It. i-It was hard to eee this spot occu Ijpied%y a perfeeHyiUseJI^ thing -with glass in front, tnrough Which conM be seen a number of very ugly curiosities. However, it had been inevitable, as the new suit proved to be. (To be continued.) 