TEE EMPIRE MINSTREL COMPANY. The above company commenced a short season of three entertainments in the Exhi bition building- "last evening-, before a crowded and enthusiastic audience, and for about three hours kept the people in a simmer of langhter^ and merriment. That the company is a talented one there is no doubt, and the numerous conundrums and funniosities were of a thoroughly refined character, and fairly tccaught on." Encores were the rule of the eveoiug, and the per formance from beginning to end was one of a most meritorious description, and full of mirth, the gags and jokes being especially funny. Messrs Whitburn and Horace Cope land (tambourines), Will Akarman and Jack Evans (hones), and Mr Harry Townley (host), were responsible tor a great deal of the hilarity characterising the entertain ment. A strong orchestra (with Mrs W. Whitburn as pianist) was in attend ance, and after the overture was played ballads were contributed by Mr Harry Townley, Miss Dora Buseh, and Mr John Matlock, all of whom were much apprecl ' ated. 'i he appearance of Miss Elsie Gould ing in her serio-comic song 44 Like a lady," was greeted with loud applause, and the vocalist had to respond to an encore number; in the second part of the programme this popular young lady furnished a descriptive song ''East and West," and after repeating the last couple of verses had to return for the third time and bow her acknowledgments. A song and dance, 44 Lily bells," by Miss Pearl Arkarman was an excessively pleasing item, and tbis performer, of whom it is stated is : the only iadv contortionist iu Australia, also gave a very clever contortionist exhibition. A number of popular airs on the mandoline by MissEunice Fernandez were loudly applauded, and her efforts were not the least agreeable items on the programme. Mr Will Akaraian, in his rendering of the song 44 Sandy floor," was a great success, and quickly established hiuiseLf a favorite. Mr Torn Bergiu and Miss Katie Towers contributed vocal selec tions, and Mr Horace Copeland gave a jubilee song which added to the agreeableness of the entertainment, while Mr James Lee, a boy with a soprano voice, gave a faultless inter pretation of 44 Sweet Mario." The great character specialities 44 At the registry office I met my doom" and a parody ou the song 441 was dreaming," by Mr Will Whitburn, fairly captivated the audience, who were not satisfied till double encores had been re sponded to and one of his funny skits on football had been recited. The theatre fairly rang with laughter at his droll and witty sa\ ings daring the performance of the farce, 44 Turning a rascal of a boy." Mr Jack Evans, the champion trick and clog dancer, who is one of the stars ef the oom pany, gave an exhibition of his skill in the use of his feet, and Mr Fred. Garnett, in his 41 Dummy Clown " act, was the means of creating roars of laughter, whilst the Messrs Lelfioti (2) and Busch iu their refined and novol entertainment on the hell? and several musical instruments added greatly to the enjoyment of tho evening, and deserved the hearty applause bestowed upon them. The programme terminated with a highly amus ing skit, entitled, 44 Melbourne's Suburban Ghost,*' the performance of which was responsible for dismissing the audience with thorough satisfaction m regard to ihe even iug's entertainment. The company will give another performance this eveuing, when a complete change of programme will be presented. 