liOCAIj MEWS. Why not bay tho lieist for your Children ? As!: for Aksoit's Mij.it Abkowkooi Bis- The second winter evening entertain ment in connection with tho Mechanics* Institute is annouuceil for Wednesday next. The Singleton alilorineu mot as Commons Trustees on Thursday night. The Secre tary reported receipt of £2 Is 3d sineo last re-rort, and this eoinpi*sed tho business of tiie meeting,' For Salo New and Second-hand Buggies, Sp.-iug Carts aud Sulkies. Old Buggies taken in erehange. All repairs guaranteed at D. Uccutman**, Coachbuilder.* Our readers will learn witb regret that Mi- J. B. Jtubie, so long ami favourably l:u-)*.vn in many capacities as a resident of ?singleton and district, is confined to his bed by a serious attack of asthma. Dr. Ke.id is in attendance upon Mr Eubie. 'fin-re will bo a whole, day parade to-day of the Singleton Half-Squadron bailee's, who will inarch to the rifle butts after pr.radi- at 11 a-in., for riflo practice- The Half-Squadron,it maybe remembered, h:is pride- of place in the colony for shootiujj. The ghost has been a inoro prominent topic of conversation than of sight during tiu- week. Several parties have gone out t, hi for it. Sonio profess ti> have seen str ingo lights ; some assort that they saw nothing. Tii-o young gentlemoa assert tint what was taken one night {? >r a strango light was only a whito cow wandering in Faxcctt's paddock. .'?lr Prucr H. Cohes, Bentist, of West Maitlaud. will visit Singleton on" tho second Saturday in each month,-when all work pertaining to dentistry will bo cai ried out in the most approved principles, and may be consulted at ilr Kculh-u's, Ch-tnist, John-street, Singleton, from <J a.in. till 5 p.m. Appointments can be made with Mr Reuben. Next visit. Saturday June Sth." A little five-year-ohl son of 3lr S. llolz, of .".ritcheU's Flat, was playing oa a gate on Wednesday afternoon when ho slippoil. and with the result that a splinter of old ?wood ]>enetr.ite>l the tieshy portion of his r-.ght leg below the knee for threo inches* lit; was brought iv to Singletoxa to Dr" I'cr.d, who estrncte.l tho splinter, and ho is now doing well. Jle' J. M. Witsos, 31.D.A.. K.l>.S. surgeon dentibt, of Hiijh-street, AVcst ?Jlaitiand, will visit Singleton every TnesdTiy aud may bo consulted at the Caledonia Hotel fri,m 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Artificial teeth fitted on gold, p.atinutn, etc. Painless Extraction, Sealing Cisiliirtjn's teeth regulated, anil ;dl openitiocs ou the most improved pri-.icii>!e.* Oaring dull times all classes of a corn inmiiry want to get the best value for their aiocey, and ail firms have si agio articles in tiieir stocks that it pays them to sell at a los-s. \ bargain couuter is now on view ; overy article is !"J. and yon can take your clio.ee. Goods at tho value of 2s Od will be i'ound for the lucky 9d at LjjiDEa-r's Go and look at this.counter. You will not be : sked to buy at LASUKiiT's. as yon are wet. aware.* . The" children all"love thorn and take no oth. r—Aesott's jlilk Accowkoot Bis cuits.* **'ae annual picnic aad festival for the sc-h. iars in connectiou with tho Roughit Public School took placo on Thursday, and was. as has been always the case ia connec tion with these affairs, a most pro nounced" success. The young ones, and inr.nv growm people, parents and'vLsitors from Singleton, were all well entertained in the way of good things to eat accom panied by tea, and tho master, Mr Cragg. did his utmost to make everyone afc home. There were lots of games and sports for the young ones, and among tho visitors from Singleton -irero the "Slayor and Mayoress. Tii? building of a shop and dwelling for Mr T. llalls is now completed, tho appear ance of which greatly adds to John-street. The shop is of good size, well |lighted and ventilated. The front of tlio building is cemented, boing well designed, and having a very taking appearance. The building is aiip:-./ached by a largo and neatly finished hill, which leads to three bedrooms, p-.trlor? diuing-rooni and kitch ju, all being finished in a first- class manner, and well ventilated, etc. Tho building was designed and super vised by our local architect, 3lr T. J -31'. -*osker. The contractor was "ilr Georgo La-ie. Tiio best Food fcr Children is Acsotx's Till -X Arteowboot Bisctrrrs. Ask for A.'-, ott's, and d<jn*t bo yezsnafltA to tako ssatetitatO* 