Back From - the Grave;1 l was quite certain that I had heard of oldj Uncle Josiah Bodfish's death and burial, nndj when I met him coming out of a lawyer'* office and looking rather more belligerent than usual it give me a bit of a start and a 'creepy' feeling up and down my spine; But it wn9 Josiah, sure ns could be, and there was nothing ghostly in his appeararfie. 1 asked him how he came to be extant in such an irregular way, and he told mo all about it. ' So you thought I was snuffed out, did you 1 That's a good one on you ; but, then, I don't know's 1 can blame you, seeing my own folks 'lowed I was a cadaver. I've got a law suit with 'em about it. They had me taken up oy a-constable for disturbing the peace, and that's what I'm lawin' about, I'm out on bail now. It's a peculiar case, and if I bad a mind to take it to the Soo-; preme Court I could knock 'em out on the question whether a man who has been buried! can be legally prosecuted, You know them spells I have. When I get one I'm liable to: be plumb out o' my senses for hours, and I'm! a little nervous about 'em sometimes. If any-j body tells you it isn't nothing but whisky, I you call him a liar, and I'll back you up.' You know I'm not intemperate, and you| never saw me take anything between drinks in your life. ; ' Mebbe you've noticed that me and tho old woman don't hitch very well. Yes, I thought so. Some folks has a babit o' no ticing other folks' doin's. Well, it's all ow?,n' to Deacon Sliderback's taking too goldarnld much interest in the spiritual Welfare of nay family'. My old woman's been so pious, I've been a little fearsome that she might get too anxious to have me join the heavenly choir and plant me if I happened to have a real bad spell and not come to as spry as common.' I suggested to Uncle Josiah that he couldn't be buried without a physician's certificate that he was dead. ' That's another point,' he replied, 'Dr. Pilbolus don't like me enough to hurt since' I put a little job on him, and I kinder sus-: pected he'd play a practical joke on me if he got a chance in a professional-way. I don't believe the authorities would want a certifi cate anyway if they knew Pilbolus had any-' thing to do with the case. They'd consider, that reasonable ground to suppose that the patient was ripe for the cold and silent tomb. If you don't want '» to be slammed into a coffin and sent kiting to glory before your time, don't you have . Pilbolus. He's a' quack, sure. I'd been 'thinking over what might happen, andl-had a-talk with the un dertaker who does all iny . burying, and WO' fixed the thing up between -us. Had a tele phone put iu the family vault and all that' sort of thing, you know. Going to have tho' whole racket patented next week. ' Well, it seems I got full or had a spell last Saturday night, and the next thing I knew I woke up in the dark feeling mighty, queer. Felt like a funeral — tuber-roses and! dead leaves and carbolic acid, you know. I thought I'd get up and see who was dead, but the first break I made I bumped my head' against something bard. Then I felt around and found I was boxed in, and I concluded it was my own funeral I felt. ' So I just' kicked the lid off, sat up in the coffin, fished' a match out of my vest pocket and took a look around. I recognised the place by the inscriptions to the memoriesof my first three wives and a maiden aunt, and it made me feel sort of blue to think how near I had come to being reunited with the whole gang at ono tick. a ' You can imagine bow a man would feel to find himself stowed away on the top shelf of a tomb in such company and read his own epitatn on tile plate Dy rne ngnr or a orim stone match. I felt in my coat- tail pocke' and found a flask of brandy, which showed' that the undertaker was a man of his word and partially restored my confidence in' human nature. I was powerfully relieved to find that I was not yet in Heaven with; my sainted late female relatives, and with devout gratitude I emptied the flask and re turned thanks to a merciful Providence, vowing that I would make a total wreck of Pilbolus as soon as ever I should get out I felt sorry, though, that I hadn't told th( undertaker to fill in the chinkB between my remains and the coffin with sandwiches Then I climbed down, after ripping the cofflu plate off and putting it in my poeket as evi dence. I noticed that 1 was in my stocking feet, and that the old woman had put on the remains a pair of hose all worn out at the heels. I s'posc she thought because the heels of the late lamented were down when his toes were turned up that the holes wouldn't be noticed. That's the kind of x woman she is. ^ ' I found the telephone, rang up the of fice. and told 'em to send the sexton to let me out. Then I says, ' Hello, Central.' 'Hello,* says Central. 'Connect the late Josiah Iludfiish, tomb SO, with his widow, No. 1001,' says I. Uncle Josiah did not mean that he had gone Solomon one better ; the number of hi* telephone was 1001. ' The line was switched on, and I was just going to send a doleful sound from the tomb to comfort ray sorrowing family and save 'em the trouble of going to a medium to find out how I was enjoying the climate of the sweet by-and-by when I thought I heard afnmiliar voice. Brushing a spray of withered smilax from my left ear I listened and heard Deacon Sliderbaek say as plain as could be : ' The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away, Sister Bodfish, and everything for the best.' She allowed it was, and I couldn't detect any thing but theeheerfullest kind of resignation iu her voice. Then the Deacon said : ?' P.rother Josiah had his faults, Sister Bod fish.' Then I heard her say that she should smile, and I thought the hilarity was a little previous. 'I suppose it was drink that killed him,' said the Deacon, and she allowed it was, and went on with a whole lot of stuff, winding up with : ' Thank goodness there won't be any more pink snakes with blue tails in those shoes over there by the corner.' ' 1 stopped to finish what there was in the bottom of the flask, and then I heard the Deacon say : 1 Now that the snakes have ; ocen driven from those shoes, Sister Bodfish, may I hope to stop into them some day 1 Nice way of proposing, that was. Well, that settled it. I just groaned through the tele phone like an insulted ghost. The sexton came along then and let me out, and I lit out for home on the jump. When I walked into the parlor where the gas was burning) low, dressed up in my best black coat, split up the back by the man who laid me out, and1 tossed that coffin plate into the old woman's lap, right where the deacon could read it, yon bet there was a circus. Some folks might call it a disturbance of the peace. I put on ? those shoes and introduced the deacon to 'em,, snakes and all. That's what the lawsuit is about. I'm going to lick blazes out of Pil bolus when 1 see him, and I s'poBO .thatlll1 make more lawiug for me. liut I'll get a divorce and a patent on my premature burial outfit, and then 1 guess I'll be square.' Grocer : ' I find your son bright and energetic enough, but I'm afraid that he's hardly adapted to the grocery business.' ? FATHF.1t OF THE Boy : ' What seems to bo the trouble ?' Gkoceh : ' Why, the first thing he did was to begin picking the dead flies out of the ? dried currants,' ' ? Policeman (in citizen's dress to brother' '- officer in bar Sunday morning) : ' It's whisky,' Denis, and we've got the waiter dead in ? rights. Shall I arrest him now ?' . - ' Dkxis : ' No j let's haw a few more'drink* Irst.' ? ? ? — - Tho baron invites the doctor to gq: driv ing. The horse runs away. an.l'tlii;'ddctotAs: ' ? badly hurt. ?; Why ihdn't y-..Tt'el)rme vonr horse iva-, Skittish ? Had 1 kin'm-n tliere'wu* ? danger, I would 'not have conic.' Till; iiakox— ' T never thok out that bomn without some accident- happening; that is the reason why I always ? take it doctor' ' yon e- | 