Under the Shadow of Crime os THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUNRAVEN. Now Fibst fraiiiskeb.3 By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, luthor of a "Girl 111 a Thousand," "Senled by a Kiss," "By Fair Means," "Touoh and Go," &o.; . Ail Queensland Riqbts Reserved." CHAPTER XXX.— (Continued.) When he reached the hotel, before he trent into the room where Lady Gertrude was, he began tho inquiries which would nqw be hie daily task, by examining the book that lay on the tablo in the hail. jno such name as bmgioton. lie paesea on tg his wife's sofa with the letters he had brought for her. "While she reud them he stood looking at himself in the glass that hung ovor the mantelshelf. Engrossed in her correspondence, she did not heed what he was doing until he said : 'Do you know, Gertie, I have a mind to let my beard grow. It will be won derfully less trouble than shaving, and rather becoming, too, I suspect.' She laughed as she said : 'You conceited boy, yes, let it grow. I should like to sea you with a hoard. No ono will recognise you when you get back to England.' She little guessed that this was what he was aiming at, and that, as for conceit, every particle of it had died ont of him months ago. The subject of the beard was not pur sued, Sir Clement had got his wife's con sent to its being grown, and that was all he wanted. Still she was too much taken up with her letters to think of anything but thom for the moment. ' They will be here to-day, Clem,' ehe cried. ' By " they " I suppose you mean Elvira and Lady Moroia ? ' 'Exactly." I am so glad.' And tho exoitement she showed about the matter quite verified bis hope that with the arrival of her two intimato friends new life would bo infused into Lady Gertrude's prostrate frame. This to an extent made him forget his trouble about tbo spectre Singleton that he knew might start up at any moment like Banquo's ghost and trouble tho seemingly even current of his days. Thus the little excursion to tho Greek Chapel was much more lively thau might- have beon expected, and by the time they returned to the hotol the drive through the sweet balmy air and the fragrance from the woods had certainly done Lady Gertrude good. The travellors had just arrived when they returned, ' and the greetings wero most affectionate, though naturally tem pered with sadness, as Lady Gertrude's trouble had fallen upon hor since her friends had left home. Elvira Delano had quite recovered her spirits, and Lady Mnrcia, notwithstanding her supposed ailmentB, had never lost hers, so the dinner which Sir Clement had ordered with muoh care was done amplo justice to, and though Lady Gertrude said she was very weary, and would be glad to go to bed, Bhe was not allowed to brood. The cheering regimen wliioh Sir Clement had for some time paRt been prescribing for her in his mind had begun with a vengeance. "Would it prove of lasting offlcacy, or following the fate of many aaother regimen that has gone beforo it, would the test bo too severe for her slender stock of strength ? It seemed almost like it, for by the time they allowed her to go off to bed hor vitality was so completely spont that she nearly fainted when she tried to walk across the room, and Sir Clement had to carry her to her own apurtments. Lady Marcia shook hor head anxiously as she saw them depart. 'Alas, alas,' sho said, 'where is our buuuis blithe Gertrude of lung sync. Oh for tho days that are gone.' ' They will return, at all events let us hope so,' said Elvira. ' Clement seems devoted, why should they not be happy ? "When I thought he loved another woman I doubted that they could ever be so, but I think we maligned him— I believe Gertie is his only love.' Lady Marcia shrugged her shoulders, ' I don't know what it all means,' she said. ' It is beyond you and me to fathom, but there is something very queer about Clement, and in consequence about Gertie. "Whether she knowB what it is or not I cannot make out, but whatever the trouble is, it is killing her.' ' Oh, Lady Marcia, do you not think that it is sorrow over the baby's death tb&t; is making her ill, and with time she will get over it, as others have done before her?' 'She was quite as queer before tbo baby diod, and as for him, can anything be stranger than hie ways. Ho gives you the idea of a man who is always oxpeot- ing a bailiff or somo police official to tap him on the shoulder. 'Between you and me, Elvira, and with closed doors, I ehould have half suepeoted hehad had some thing to do with poor Pieroo Vaughnn's death if he had not been almost as queor before it happened.' ' Oh, don't,' cried Elvira, 'pray don't go on ; I shall not sleep a wink if you put euoh ideas in my bead, and I'am dreadfully tired.' Thon, woman-like, slid asked, ' What do you think ho had done ? ' ' Goodness knows ! Got into some trouble before he was married, I darosay, and which ho is always suspecting will come out and make a scandal. But here he comes ; ' and, with a sudden change of voioe and manner, Lady Moroia con tinued — ' I am sure you will like Wies baden, dear, it is euoh a pretty place, and' the right sort of people are always to be found hore. - Soen anyone yon know, Cloment?' 'Mo. We have been about so little, it has been so difficult to rouse Gertie, but I hopoBhe will be better now you have come.' 'I hope so", indded. We will do our best to amuse her. We have had a very pleasant time— have met a lot of desir able people.' . ' And some very undesirnblo ones,' put in Elvira. ' Ob, that goes without saying. Well, even tho undosirablo ones have thoir ad vantages. They often amuse you und circulate your blood by making you laugh. That oddity who proponed to you on the platform of the railway etutioa for example.' 'The wretch.' 'Hullo, Elvira, have you had a jwo- posal f' ftflked Sir Cloment, forcing him- self to take an interest in thoir conversation, though his thoughts wore elsewhere. 'You did not accept bim, I hope. What will Berkeley say ?' Elvira did not anBwor, but shq ooloured up ond looked keenly at Sir Clement ns though seeking to find out how muoh he knew about her relations with Sir Miles Berkeley. ' And thon thero wero those queer people who arrived at Basle the night before we left. A burly north-oountrv parson and nn invalid wife.' 'Neither could speak a word of any language but their own, and yot tbey were most fussy and loquacious. If Elvira and I bad not come to the resouo, madame would have gone supperless to bod, for no one in the hotel could have understood that " the de boouf" could posBibly mean " consomme." ' Sir Clement laughed, still he looked and folt vory uncomfortable. 'I thought thoy Bpoko English now at all the big hotols,' lie said. ' So thoy do, but the big hotels wore full, and we wore all in an nnnexo with raw servants uuacoustomed to English people. And the discomfort that parti cular couple would have oxperienced- without our assistance would, 1 think, have mado thom return homo without delay. Oh, it was funny, I hope I shall see him again." He gave me his card. I wonder what I did with it? ' She felt in hor pooket and prodnoed a small case, from whioli she drew the object for whioh sho was looking — ltov. Abel Singleton. 'There it is; look at it, Clement. Such a name — Abel . He lives up to it too, for he looks like an antediluvian animal.' Sir Clemont took the card, whioh trembled in his fiiigors. So they were at Basle. He was glad to know their where abouts ; still it was a shook to learn that Lady Maroia and Elvira had been in direct communication with these dreaded people. 'Wo tried to persuade them to como here,' went on Lady Maroia, ' by tolling thom wo were sure it was jiiBt the place for an invalid, but they were so bont on Switzerland that we couldnot move them.' How thankful Sir Clement was that they wore immovable, who shall say, still it was no pleasing matter for contem plation that these intimato friends of his wife's might any day receive a com munication from the only man who oould shed that light on his past life whioh must inevitably rain bim in tbe eyes of everyono for whose opinion he oared. Above all with Lady Gertrude. Thus thinking of her he tlireir Mr. Singleton's card back to Lady Maroia and asked : ' How do you think my Gortio is looking — better or worse than you oxpected ? ' Lady Marcia, with her usual bluntaess, answered straightforwardly — 'Worse. If you don't take oare, Clement, she will slip through your fingers. I can't think what on earth it is that has worried her into this condition — but I suppose you know ?' 'Is slio worried?' 'Come, come man, don't pretend — of course sho is worried. Do you and sbo have disagreements in private ? You will say thatis not my business, but if anyone gives me tbe idea of an unhajipy wife, it is poor, dear Gertie.' ' On my honour, Lady Maroia, wo have never had a word of disagreement in our lives. "We are always most affectionate. If Gertrude is worried the cause is un known to me, exoept, of course, tho poor baby's dcatb, and that is a sorrow, not a worry.' ' She was worried beforo tho baby died. I was saying so to Elvie only just now. Naturally, 1 thought you knew all about it.' ' I assure you I know nothing. Evar since I married hor I have made strenuous endoavours to do the beBt I can for licr, and to keep her us muoh as possible from everything that might annoy or vex her. Nor do I think she is worried, but I fear she is very delicate.' And so saying, he laid his hoad on tho table on his folded hundB, and his wliolo frnmo shook convulsively. Elvira got up and went to him. ' Good old Cloment,' she Baid, ' don't take on ; we must cheer up Gertie, nnd she will bo all right. Sho oan't go on fretting if there is nothing to fret about.' Ho did not look up, but he took one ot his hands from under his head and held it out to Elvira. 'If ever anything ehoull happen to mo' you will be good to my Gertie, you and Miles Berkeley; eh. Elvira?' Sho did not anBiver for a moment. The coupling of hor nemo with that of Sir Miles Borkeloy startled hor, but she pressed Sir Clement's extended hand. Then she tried to toss the subject from her. ' "Why do you talk like that to frighten one. Nothing is the matter with you. It is Gertrude who is in danger, not you.' ' We never know where danger lies,' he answered. 'Only promise me you will look after Gertrude.' ' Of course I will, but for goodness sake don't let us have any more dismal conversation to-night. "We talk about horrors until we imagino thoy really exist.' ' Yes,' said Lady Maroia, rising. ' Let us go to bed, and got up in the morning prepared to enjoy this delightful plaoe.' And so _ they left him, both thinking they had dUoovored where the misohief lay. Sir Cloment had some mortal malady, and Ludy Gertrude knew or guessod it. Ay, bo he hod, but not of the sort thoy suspooted. If Singleton followed him up and ohatterod out tho whole ghastly past there would be nothing for it but suioido. Was that to be the end, he wondered. And how selfish an ond 1 "Was he to die for his own solfish ploasuro as he had lived, leaving Lady Gertrude all alone to hear the brunt of the revolutions that would be mado. Danger for Gertrude, what did Elvira mean by danger for Gertrude. Did sho think she was going to dio ? His Gertrude to bo taken from him, as (he child had beon, as everything ho loved in life would he taken in punishment for his sin. "With Gortrudo's clonth the avonging angel must stav his hand, as, eotno weal or woe, it would be ull the same to him then— Singleton might say his say, the law might do its worst. "When morning dawned Clement Dun- raven was still sitting there thinking out tho problem of tbo future, nor was he aroused from tho miserable contemplation of what might one day happen, until Lady Gortrude hureolf, in along, white, trailing gown, stood on the threshold of tho door, so startling him by her Bpootre-like appearance that the stroDg man cried aloud in foar. to ib continued iq-mobbow-i 