NOCTURNAL BOMBARDMENTS. ' . v . a miaidwood mystery. !, olon throwing extraordinary. ' For somo fow weeks past considor- . . , able oxcitomont has provailod amongst rosidonts of Six-miio Flat, Warri- Bombay, and Colombo (writes tbo \- Braidnood Dispatch) by a sorios of . extraordinary occurrences, the origin of which is still as deep and impene trable as e\er, notwithstanding tho most careful and rigid inquiry, al- ' ' - though there aro peoplo who rofuso to J. ' bolievo anything olse than that they ' . are tho result of supernatural agency. It appears that a minor named Cun ningham and a mate lived in a hut belonging to Mr. Toronco H' Grath, of Colombo, which is situated close to tho Shonlhavon Hivor. They had occupied tho placo for somo timo, when all of a sudden ono night the building was bombarded with clods from an ant bed which had boon picked up by Cunningham and which is situated nbont 100 yards from tho hut. Tho pieces of hard mud penetrated tho cracks botweon tho slabs, , although how somo of thorn could got through it puzzled them, sinco they .wore largor than tho opening. They natu rally looked about to find tho author of tho throwing, hut without success. "When they wont outside, they avor — and their testimony is sinco corrobo rated by a number of othor witnesses — tho clods hit tho insido of tho build ing. On tho following night a repetition of tho business occurred, and tho men bocaino somewhat alarmed. Thoy told somo others of it, at tho sumo time ox- ' pressing thoir belief that tho throwing was tho work of a ghost. Theso por- \- ' sons visited the scone, and found tho facts exactly as stated by Cunningham and his mate. Tho story spread, and others, viewing tho matter as a joko, likowiso visiting tho placo with the assurance that thoy at least would dis cover tho origin of theso peculiar occurrences. They left in tho samo happy condition of mystification as those who had preceded thorn, although thoy wont with guns, which thoy fired in tho direction from whoro tho throw- lllgj jj luhuuruut ouu 11ulu |>l limy remark that tho clods thrown strike tho hnt in almost oxnetly tho samo placo every timo between two slabs' near tho window. ' On soveral occasions no less than oighteen peoplo have boon on tho lookout at the samo timo, forming a sort of a semi-circle round tho sido of the hut whoro tho throwing occurs. Thoy fired thoir guns, loadod with shot into tho hushes of the treos surround- ing tho placo, with such good effect that there is not a tree or log within a couple of hundred yards of tho hut that is not riddled with shot. To mako sure that tho olods came from the ant bod, a number of them were marked with charcoal, and theso have heon subsequently found insido tho hut, perfectly unbroken. Although the spot is plainly within viow of tho watchers, and any ono visiting it could easily bo dotcoted, and to make assurance doubly suro tho watchors havo actually placed ootton thread on small stakes right round tho bod, but this lino was not brokon or touched, showing that tliore is no possibility of any ono sneaking up to tho bed, and throwing tho clods and running away. Although tho pro ceedings are most mysterious, and rival tho recent stone-throwing case near Sydnoy, which created such ox- oitemont some short timo ago that tho metropolitan papers oven devoted con siderable space to tho extraordinary proceedings enacted thoro. Tho most peculiar thing about the matter is that the olod-throwing started simultaneous with the disturbing of tho ant bed by Cunningham. And what is still more peculiar, tho presence of this man in tho hut is absolutely necessary to produce the " manifestations." Without him thoro is no clod-throwing. Many sensible, level-headed men havo visited tho spot, and although loth to bolievo that tho throwing is dono by any supernatural agency, thoy aro abso lutely unublo to account for tho pro ceedings. Tho throwing usually com mences at about half-past 10 o'clock at night, and continues sometimes till daybreak, although' as a rule it only lasts for a couple or throe hours. 