HE SPANISH ARMADA. HE CONCLUDING SCENES. ?e Armada had been ootentatioously a re' ous crusade. The preparations had be attended withpecaliar solemnities. In the yes of the faithful it was to be the execu. tio f Divine justice on a wicked princess and a ked people. In the eyes of millions whose cra ictions were-leEs decided it wasan ap pea to God's jodgment todecide etweenthe Rf romation and the Pole. The Spaniards we experieneed sailors ; a voyage round the Orieys and round Ireland to Spain might be tedious, but at that season of the year need not have seemed either dangerous or difficult. On inquiry, how. acer, it was found that the condition of the flee was serionely alarming. The provisions placsd onboard at Lisbon bad been found unfit for food, and almost eli had been thrown into the sea. The fr so stores taken in at Corunna had been.. consumed. and it was found that at the present rate there would be nothing left in a fortnight. Worse thoa all, the water-casks re-filled there had been carelessly stowed. They had been SHOT THROUGH IN THE FIGHTING and were empty; while of clothing or.ether conforts for the cold regions which they were entering no thought had been taken. Ths mutes and norses were flung overboard, and Scotch smacks which had followed the retreating fleet reported that they hadsailedfor miles through floating carcases. The rations were reduced for each man to a daily half poandof biscuit, apint of water and a pint of wine. Thus, sick and hungry, the wounded left to the care of a medical officer, who went from ship to ship, :he subjects of so many prayers were left to encounter the climate of the North Atlantic. They passed the Orkneys in a single body. They then parted,it was said in a fog, but each com mander had to look out for himself and his men. In many ships water must be had somewhere, or they would die. The San Martin, with sixty consorts, went north to the sixtieth parallel. From that height the pilots promised to take them down clear of the coast. The wind still clung to the west, each day blowing harder than the last. When they braced round to it their wounded -spars gave way. Their rigging parted. With the greatest difficulty they made at least sufficient offing. and rolled down somehow out of sight of land, DIPPING THEIR YARDS IN THE ENORMOUS SEAS. Of the rest, one or two went down among the Western Isles and became wrecks there, their crews, or part of them, making their way through Scotland to Flanders. Others went north to Shetland or the Faroe Islands, Between thirty and forty were tempted in upon the Irish coasts. There were Irishmen in the fleet, who must have told them that they would find the water there for which they were perishing, safe harbors, anl a friendly Catholic people; and they found either harbors which they could not reach or sea-washed sands and reefs. They were all wrecked at various places between Donegal and the Blaskels. .Something like eight thousand half-drowned wretches STRUGGLED ON SHORE ALIVE. Many were ge.tlemen, richly dressed, with velvet coats, gold chains and rings. The common sailors and soldiers had been paid their wages Lefore they started; each had a bag of ducats lashed to his waist I when he landed through the surf. The wild Irish of the coast, tempted by the booty, knocked unknown numbers of them on the head with their battleaxes, or stripped them naked and left them to die of the cold. Op one long sand strip in Sligo an English officer counted - ELEVEN HUNDRED BODIES. and he heard that there were as many more a few miles distant. The better. educated of the Ulster chiefs, the O'Rourke and O'Donnell, hurried down to stop the butchery and spare Ireland the shameof murdering helpless Catholic friends. Many--how many cannot be said-found protection in their castles. But even so it seemedas if some inexorable late pursued all who had sailed in that doomed expedition. Alonzo de Leyva, with half a hundred young Spanish nobles of high rank who were under his special charge, made his way in a galleaas into Killibeg. He was himself disabled in landing. O'Donnell received and took care of him and his companmons. After ls maining in O'Donnell's castle for a month he recovered. The weather appeared to mend. The galleass was patched up, and Do Leyva ventured an attempt to make his way in her to Scotland. He had passed the worst danger, and Scotland was almost in eight ; but Fate would have its victims. The galleass struck a rock off Danluce and went to pieces, and Don Alonzo and the princely youths who had sailed with him were WASHED ASHORE, ALL DEAD, to find an unmarked grave in Antrim. Most pitiful of all was the fate of those who fell into the hands of the English garrisons in Galway and Mayo. Galleons had found their way into Galway Bay; one of them had reached Galway itself, the crews half dead wish famine, and ofefr ing a cask of wine for a cask of -atr. The Galway townsmen were human and tried to feed and care for them. Most were too far gone to be revived, and died of exhaustion. Some might have re covered, but recovered they would be a danger to the State. The English in thle West ot Ireland were but a handful in the midst of a sulalen, half-conouered popn lation. The ashes of the Deemond rebel lion were still smoking, and Dr Sanders andhis Legatine Commission were fresh in immediate memory. The defeat of the Armada in the Channel could only have been vaguely heard of. All that English officers coulad have acourately known must have been that an enormons expedition had been sent to England by Philip to restore the Pope; and Spaniards. they ftund, were landing Sin thousands in the midst of them with arms and money;distressed for the moment, but sure, if allowed time to get their strength again, to set Connaught in a blaze. They had no fortresses to hold so many prisoners, no means of feeding them, no men to spare. to escortthem to Dublin. They were respon sible to the Queen's Government for the safety of the country. The Spaniards had not come on any errand of mercy to her or hers. .The stern order went out to KILL IMHEI ALL whereverthey might be found, and two thouis and ormore wero shot, hanged, or put to the savword. The sixty ships whichhad followed the San Martin succeeded at last in getting round Cape Clear, but in a condition scarcely less miserable that that of their companions who had perished in Ireland. Half their companies died-died of untended wounds, hunger, thirst and famine fever. The sur. vivors were moving skeletons, more shadows and ghosts than living men, with scarce strencth left them to draw a rope or handle a tiller. In some ships there was no water for fourteen days. The weather in the lower latitudes lost part of its violence, or not one of them would have seen Spain again Asit was, they drifted on outelde Suilly and into the Bay of Biscay, and in the second week in September they dropped in one by one. The power of herculite, a new ex plosive,is almost beyond belief. A half pound of it will moove thirty tons of stone. - 