Short Trip from Rome to the Holy Land* in 1893. (BY BEV. J. SHEBIDAN, P.P.) (Continued.) Valley of Joaaphat-Stoning-place of St. Stephen - Brook Kedron - Pool of Siloam-The Tomb of the B.V.M. Grotto of the Agony -. Q-arden of Gefchaemane. From this I took my departure for the Valley of Josaphat outside the city walls, passing through the Flack Gate. This magnificent arohway was erected by Eliazib (the High Priest) and his brother priests some two thousand three hundred and forty-nine years ago. This we gather from the second book of iEsdras, third chapter and first verse. It is now called St. Stephen's gate. Outside the walla the spot is pointed out where he was stoned to death. In the seventh chapter of the Acts of the Apostles we read that 5i. The Jews, on hearing these things, were cut to the heart, and they enashed with their teeth at him. 55\. But he, being full of the Holy Ghost, looking up steadfastly to heaven saw . . the glory of God, and Jescs standing at the right hand of God. And he ' said ' Behold I see the heavens opened and the Son of man standing at the right hand of God. 66\. And they, crying with a loud voice, stopped their ears and with one acoord rushed in violently upon him. 57\. And, having cast him out of the city, they stoned him, and the witnesses laid down their garments at the feet of a young man whose name Was Saul. 58\. And they stoned Stephen, invoking and saying ' Lord Jesus, save my soul.' And, falling on his knees, he cried with a loud voice, saying, ' Lord, lay not this to their charge.' And when he had said this he fell asleep in the Lord, and Saul was consenting to his death. The whole Bpace all around this particular locality is covered with stones, large and email. If I could find out which of them assisted in the martyrdom I would have taken it with me, but, as there was no one just then within reach who had actually Been the stoning take place, I went on, quite satisfied that I was on the very spot where the martyrdom did ocour. The Empress Eudocia built an immense Basilica on this spot in the 5th Oentury, and placed the relics of the Saint within the Orypt. So spacious was this glorious temple that St. Sabas in the 6th Oentury presided over a Council of ten thousand eccleBiastices, besides many laymen, witbin its saored walls. It was destroyed by the Persians about 100 years atterwards, and never re-built. At present there iB not a trace of it. Perhaps the foundations beneath the surface still remain, but I have left the matter in tbe hands of the Arcbwologists, who may probably have more time to devote to this Bubject than I have had. I find myself now face to face with the "Valley of Josaphat, where, according to the prophet Joel, third chapter, twelfth verse, the general judgment will take place. It Btretohes between the city walls and the mount of olives, and contains many of the most interesting objects'to whioh allusion is made in the saored writings. It is the same as the Vale of Save, or King's Vale, mentioned in the fourteenth chapter of Genesis. To this vale Melchesedech, King and High priest of Jerusalem, or Salem, as it was then Galled, brought forth bread and wine, and, giving tithes of all he possessed, implored upon Abraham the blessings of the Most High God. Here I have seen Absalom's pillar, whioh, according to the Second Book of Kings, eighteenth ohapter and eighteenth verse, " He reared up for himself in his lifetime, for he said, ' I have no son, and this shall be the monu ment of my name.' And he called the pillar by his own name, and it is called the hand of Absalom to this day." It is a square mass ol rook, hewn down into form and isolated from the quarry out of whioh it is cut by a passage of twelve or fifteen feet. The front opens towards Brook Kedron and Mount Moriah, which lies only a few yards distant aoross the stream. This huge stone is eight paces in length on each side and about twenty feet high. Through this valley David walked bare footed, flying from his son, as we read in the fifteenth ohapter of the same book: " And they all wept with a loud voice, and all the people passed over. The Eing also himself went over the brook Eedron and by the ascent of Mount Olivet, and all the people that were with him went up with their heads covered, weeping." Although this flight of King David and his army across this valley took place only two thousand nine hundred and twenty-four years ago, still I could not see a traoe of any of them, nor could I obtain any infor mation from the present mixed population beyond what little I have gleaned from the sources I have mentioned above. Here it was, somewhere close by, that the good Eing Asa broke into pieces the filthy idol of his mother Maacha, and burnt it by the torrent of Kedron, as we read in the fifteenth ohapter of the Third Book of Kings. The whole length of this valley is only miles, and its average breadth less than a quarter. It is full of Mahommedan and Jewish tombs. It is certain that when the last trumpet shall call the human race to judgment this people won't have far to travel, however matters may fare with them afterwards. On beholding many Jews walking about the place and reposing along the brink of Kedron in a pensive mood, the pathetic language of the Psalmist occurred to me as expressing the subject of their contemplations, " By the rivers we sat down and wept when we remembered Zion." The whole valley is the very picture of desola tion, although lying close by the city walls. The slopes of Mount Olivet on the one side are craggy and barren. A Russian Ohuroh, about half- ways up, is the principal building faoing the oity. I paid a visit* and, among other things, was shown a fall set of ponti fical vestments prosepted by the Tsar. There are lovely paintings of the Madonna, equal, I imagine, to anything in Europe, The officials were exceedingly courteous. At the bottom of the valley iB a bridge of one arch thrown aoross the_ channel of Kedron; and some short dist^noe down may be seen the village of Siloe, whose houses can be hardly recognised from the surrounding sepulchres. I visited the Pool of Siloam. or Siloe, remarkable for the cure of the man born blind, as we learn from the ninth Chapter of St. John 6; Jesus spat upon the ground ana made clay of the spittle, and spread the clay upon his eyes. 7\. And he said to him, . Go, wash in the Pool of Siloe,' which is interpreted «sent.' He went, therefore, and washed, and came seeing. _ 10\. They said, therefore, to him ' How were thy eyes opened ? ' 11\. He answered, '-That man thai is called Jesus made clay and anointed my eyes, and'saidto me, Go to, the Pool of Siloe andr wash, and I'Went -I washed apd I .see.' Now, aocording to. the custom of all pilgrim" to the Holy Oity, T drank of the. waters, washed my eyes with it, and took-with'me a small bottle fall'.1 It is about fifty feet long and twelve wide,-and is surrounded with ruins and the foundations of ai Church built over it in the early ageB. I really wonder whether Milton* with all his poetio genius, ever saw Siloe, as we might believe from bis apostrophe in the first book of Paradise Lost "Sing Heavenly muse, that on the sacred top Of Oreb or of Sinai didst inspire, That shepherd who first taught the chosen seed In the beginning how the Heavens and earth Rose ont of chaos ; or, if Zion hill Delight thee more, and Siloa's brook that, flowed Fast by the oracle of God ; I thence Invoke thy aid to my adventurous song." I now walked up along a rough bridle track to the door of the Church of the Assumption. It is flanked by two Roman esque buttresses, and finely carved in pointed style. The Church was erected by St. Helena and Constantino over the tomb of the Blessed Virgin. On entering I im mediately descended a handsome flight of fifty steps of polished Btone. About half way down on my left are arohed recesses cut out of the Bolid'*Qck containing the tombs of St. Joseph and Holy Simeon. On the right there are,, two corresponding recesses with altars dedicated to St, Jo&obim; and St. Anne. The whole ohuroh is cot out of the rock to a great depth underground, and is very gloomy. All openings are closed through wash from the hill above, and various other causes;' It is about one hun dred feet long and twenty-five in width, with a low roof. Having reached the floor I was conducted to a little' chapel hewn out of the rook in one of the'aisles. Here before me was the Blessed Virgin's tomb in which her sacred body WAa,--laid in death. It resembles a trough exoavated out of the rock about three feet above the floor. A number of perpetual lights are suspended all around, lighting up the darkness of that gloomy solitude. It is the traditionary be lief of the East that her saered body was raised by God Boon after depth and as sumed to glory by- a speoiaKfprivilege. This iB mentioned in. the writingSrof the learned Andrew of Crete, in the seventh Century, and by St. Gregory of Tours in Western Europe in the sixth. The feast of the Assumption was celebrated; both in the Greek and Latin Churches^ previous to the sixth Century, aB appears from the pontifioal and ancientk saoramentaries. This preservation from- corruption and speedy assumption to glory was a privilege which appears juatly,vdqa<.tox.that; sacred body which was neyifr-.otiOfr.deflled b£ sin or placed under the common curse of man kind, from whioh the Eternal Word received. His own adorable flesh and which He obeyed and honored as his mother. Thoagh thjs has been the common belief from the dajpa) of the Apostles to the present, still we are not called upon to believe it as onV qrticle' of faith. I remained, for sonje time at a High Mass of the Greet. Sqhifjtnatios, and was very much edified??by. the- deportment and devotion of the., congregation. All. used beads. Men andvWomePQtQod. during the greater part of the mass and assumed the most humiliating -attitudes, of prayer by occasionally striking the breaBt, kissing the ground, crossing themselves, and pray? ing aloud. I must confess that I never witnessed as much devotion, or a devotion so demonstrative, in any congregation belonging to the Latin Church. This Church is the exolusive property of the Greeks. We. are only-allowed- celebrate Mass there on the Feast of the Assumption. Having left before the Mass was over I looked back -from the_ open doorway^ aud it was really , a strange and singular sight1 to behold that large orowd . thronged, to gether amidst the dim light of that sub terranean ohamber, worshipping Godinall sincerity, according to theit:, particular rite. I now once mpre breathe fresh air, but only for a moment, for I am - conducted a few steps to my left and' enter, through' a low iron doorway, into the grotto of the agony. Hfere it was that Our Lord commenced JSifli passion on that memorable night when- He waB-betrayed by the kiss of Judas. About four steps cut out of the rook lead into- theoave, which is about fifty-five feet long by twenty-eight wide, and very low. Thie roof is the same bed of rock, Without any change from what it was 2000 years ago. The Franciscan Fathers have charge of it since the year 1398\. The light of day has no entrance except through a hole in the roof. < Sus pended lamps are kept constantly burning before the high altar, which is erected at the extreme end. At this altar, on the 22nd April, 1893, I had the pleasure and privilege of celebrating mass. In the flodr immediately under the table in front of me, whilst offering the holy sacrifice, there wa9 a circular silver plate marking the spot where the agqny of Jesug commenoed. and' the blood trickled down in drops, upon the ground. St. Matthew and Luke say that he withdrew away from the ' Apostles; a .tone's oaBti and.kueeltagjdQVp, be pwypd ? "saying, " Father, if thou wilt," remove this chalice from me; but yet not my will bat thine will be done." And there appeared to him an angel from heaven strengthening him. And his sweat became as drops of blood trickling down upon the ground. And he cometh to his diaoiples, and finding them asleep, He saith to Peter, " What! Gould you not watch one hoar with me ?" Returning to this same spot He again prayed, saying, " My Father, if this chalice may not pass away, but I must drink of it, thy will be done." Here, standing on the same ground and reading the votive mass of the p&Bsion;, and the Gospel of St. Luke giving full details of His agony on this very spot, I could not but realize the awful anguish He endured when forced to beg His Father to remove that chalice of suffering if it were possible. I could imagine I heard His cries of distress, and saw the angel come down to give Him Rome share of relief or consolation. Again, I could fancy him all covered with blood, riBing up and passing over the rocks where the disciples were lying, and saying to Peter, " What! Could you not watch one hour with me ?" But all hi3 admonitions being useless, He how tells them all to sleep on and take rest, for thq hour of His betrayal into the hands- of-sinners was oomo. Yes He rises dazed, and woe that it should be ; Those he had left to pray-the favored three He flndeth sleeping.'neath the Olive tree. Hear Him remonstrant, thus to Simon speak, '. Art thina eye3 hear;,, that theysliimber seek 1 The spirit, ay, is prompt; the flesh is weak." Again he prayed, " O Father, hear Thy son, Let this cup pass-its griefs the brim o'er run If possible ; if not, Thy will be done." To Him descending through the moon-gleam weird, An angel in a track of light appeared To comfort Him, whom all in Heaven revered. And He receives new strength to bear him through The onslaught made by. Satan's desperate crew, Whilst fiercer and more fierce the conflict grew. At last His frame surcharged, resists.no more, A bloody sweat that bursts from every pore, Moistens the ground with drops of trickling gore. He rises, and the third time seeks the three, Left by Him resting neath the Olive tree ; | He finds them sleeping, and He let them be. Leaving the grotto, I went- towards the Garden of Gethsemane, which; has been in the possession of the Franoisoans as far baok as you wish-I do not know. Here I was shown the spot where Jaclas gave our Lord the traitor's kiss. The whole garden is enolosed since A.D. 1848, by a high and massive wall. There is only one iron gate, very low and harrow, so that to enter I should shorten myself to the height of the Lilliputians, two feet six. I sucoeeded in getting a branch of the old Olive tree, which tradition declares to be the same aB stood there on the night Our Lord was arrested, There are four, evidently very ancient ones. One of them is twenty-six ifeet in circum ference. The others must be nearly as large. It was among these tre.es Our Lord retired to spend whole nights in prayer. Here he ate and drank and conversed with His disciples. Here he oommenoed His sacred passion. Here it was that He said to His Apostles, " Sit you here till I go yonder to pray." Here it was that Judas, at the head of a multitude of armed men, oame in searoh of his divine master. Here it w'as that as soon as Jesus acknowledged his identity they all immediately fainted away, falling to the ground in a state of unconsciousdess. Here it was . that Peter struck off the ear of the Malchus, the high priest's servaot, with a slash of his sword. Here it was that Our Lord gave himself into their hands to be pinioned and led off as a malefaotor to the house of Annas, on Mt. Sion. What a truly interesting locality 1 The only regret I felt was that I could not give more time to the contemplation of v all these various incidents. The fact is I should wish to live and die here could I only sever the bonds between myself and the magnani ,'moua people of the Penrith district. (To be Continued.) v ? ? 1 ? n>" . a 