; HOBART, Tuesday; The Congregational. Union commenced its annual session' this afternoon in the. Memorial Church school-room, 'Brisbarie street, when there was' a large attendance of clergy and laiety from districts as' far north as the Forth and south to Geeves ton. : ': ! The session having been properly consti tuted the Rev. W; J. WebBter.vthe, retiring president, took the chair. ..'''?'' j The roll of , membership having been called the meeting was declared opened, j The president-elect; (the Rev. ,Geo. Clarke) then took the. chair. v : i :: MINISTERIAIi QUALIFICATIONS. ,;' The report of the ministerial qualifies^ tions committee waspresented, and .Perry Hart, of New Town, was!receiyed Jas a ministerial member of the TJnioh. A. , A. Nunns, of West Devonpbrtj was' also' re- ceived provisionally on the usual certifi cate reaching the Union from Victoria, i CONSTITUTION AMENDMENT. \ It waB agreed that to-morrow Mr Henry Button be granted permission to propose Tito ivtnl-iAn ? €t rrtl.n4* 4-'U ^ A^vm'4*!fn4.i/\¥t svP fVia Union be amended with a view to the management of it beine; veBted in one committee, with one set of officers.' ' SOCIAL PURITY. ; ? A memorial from the Ladies' Tempe rance Union on social purity was read, and will be discussed at a later Btage. : ! -r. .The r ;meeting v. then' -adjoiurned — Itill 10 o'clock next morning,; when :ithe' proceed- ings wilLbe op.en to. the ;public. ? .: : ; . PReSIDENTIAL,.ADDRB8S; : ' In the evening the president '(Rev. George, Clarke) delivered .\an-t eloquent address in the ; Da vey-street: church to a large congregation.:: He saidr-r ,-..., '?'. Dear Brethren, — The past year has been one of great strain on all the churches. ''We could expect nothing else than that they as 'well aa other. institutions should suffer from the com mercial depression of the time.- The 'wonder is that they have not suffered more. Many of our .people have, within,, our- own knowledge rieen '; nobly .'to -the' difficulties i! of the hour, determined that though a greater sacrifice they will not if they can help it give less than before to the support of the Christian ordinanoe, and others are not to be blamed if they put less than they would into the treasury, of ' the Lord. We hope thatthe cloud If slowly is yet surely lifting, to Ppassa'way before long, and to carry with it our pretent anxiety about' the effiolent working of our i Institutions. I have' to make sorrowful .mention of the death of one who gave this union many years .of f aithf ul servioe, our late treasurer, Mr James E. Sailer. :.He was a man .of devout- but simple pie iy, w.ho had our interests much at heart, apd thoiigh loyal to the' OoDgreftatioiJal principles in which he was born and bred cherished the ''broadest sympathy, with men1 from e vet j' quarter who set themselves to the service of the Lord Jesus Christ.. -.We miss t hiB familiar faoe from onr meeting torday, but hope' and believe, that he 1b promoted,, to 'higher service above: He has left us as a token of '_ hia substantial concern' in our, affairs a liberal bequest. We must find some one to take his vacant plaoe, arid! trust that anyone who may be solicited by the voice of the brethrenttofillit will let hismodesty' give way bo sne requirements ot the situation and acoept the burden of care for Ohrist?a cause and for ours. With all our present difficulties we ar« happily not troubled with oppressive building debtsi and if we are a sdmewhatislqw. people we do not regret .that it has 'been.' part of our slowness to -pay bur way'1' and-fe'jrlto'/B'ave our children from the financial Iniquities 'of the fathers.: We have just received1 -by telegram no we. that, the foremost man of bur body, the Rev. Dr.; R. W, Dale, of Birmingham, has fallen on Bleep. ' You all remember him as the messenger of the Congregational ;Union:of the Morld to; the ohuroh of our order ln\theBfl colonies eight years ago. : Asfriendiphrjstlan, preacher, theologian, stateeman, 'hiei^ was at least in the front rank of 'the men'df our time, and-, only two months' ago -a ; bishop of the Anglioan Church publicly testified; arid many of all denominations oan also Bay, that'he owed more tu-thu,w'ri'iiirjgs of ;Dr. Dale; than: tb'thoae of any living divine. '. He ,vwas indeed distin golshed tor all ' the ' masouline elements of a noble thinker, for the derith a?!d earnest ness of his piety, and for the wisdom; of his eduMels to ; his : brethren, and !: in him the person of. righteousness and the 'pasBibn of charity were combined in singular measures. The .: hearts;, of, ? God'sv ..people'- ogo1 down under the' sense ,of Irreparable . loss when He takes Buoh an able guide and, .teacher. 'to Hia rest, and' yet in 'His 'goodness riHei- raisoa suoaessors to the most Tilghly gifted,, but for the moment we can only difie the ; 61a 'lament — ' Tour ;? fathers, where are the'y? 'And the prophets, do they live for ever?' 7 1 wish to address you this evening, firBi on oW1^ general mission as Christians, and ? then on our speoial mission aB a oqmmiBslori of ? Congregational ChriBtiansin these colonies. , It ib quite time that 'we shoTjld look forward and (determine our position in. both respects ? that, we Vmay shape oar measures to' the distinct performance of what we conceive to ' be ' our duty. ' We have just had great and;-;' imrireaBivei' mfiBHTii»n ? of;- Ghriatlan 0 brethren ? inr; Hobart.' The -grimitlve. Methodist Conference : r arid the Wesleyan iMethodlst Conference . have ? been pleased to make the city the roentre of their deliberations on, the business of the- ygar. Our sympathy with them has no reserve..' We wish them »vell in what is common to,UB all, -but we also wish them well' in what' is speoiarto them selveai in oarrylng out their 'q'nn piety, and ia perfecting the methods of their oWil 'organisa- tion, 'What noble work they have done, and are doing, for Christ we know. , We have' always been on termia of kindness and confidence with their, representatives in this colony, and it haa always been a real pleasute to put our pulpits at their disposal. Differences of polity are of small account in the face of the splendid piety, the' .vigorous zeal,' the world- wide ;aotivity, and the' sagacious' ordering' of their, com munion. We are quite at home with them, and, if all were as they are the muoh-tilked- of union of the churches might be, through a large range ,'of interests, something more than a pious dream. I believe that a closer union of the denominations is quite feasible but for one impediment that we cannot overcome. That impediment is the sacerdotal and ' saoramental theory of the'Ohristiari ministry wlttilts accor dant practice. . It creates a dividing gap in bur relations that no bridge oan span, and that with all our desire for oloser unity we do not know how to orosa. I make no complaint, and mean no offence when ,1 state the, simple faot. We can in no wise accept the, position that our orders and sacraments are invalid, for then pur preaohing wonld be vain, and our faith' also would be vain,- and we should be yet in our ecclesiastical Bias. Very kindly, and even saintly, men sincerely think that we are not authorised to exercise the funotions ' of the sacred ministry, and the men who. thus judge us are often examples in piety and zeal, learn ing, and labour, while, they are careful' to cherish all that is winning and , gentle ?,? '? ,????:. , . ., . ',''? '?';;: :,r,\,\ t In their personal relations with the members of other churohes, bat by the loglo of their posi tion they oannot, and do not, and will not hold ecolesiaatioal relations with .any but episcopal communlono. That their own orders and saoramenta are pronounced by the elder '?' ohuroheB to be just as Invalid as oura seems to disturb our friendB wonderfully little i yet Btlll, whether they give or withhold offioial recognition of our standing through a very wide range of their ministry, we heartily wbh them God-Bpeed, while we honour them personally for their love to OHrist and their efforts, to help on Sia Kingdom of righteousness, purity, and peape. I oannot anBwer for every man or minister who calls himself a Gongregafcionalist, but I am bold to'aayofusaa a body that we are not vague In doctrine, loose in discipline, and. narrow minded in sympathy, an some good people who oonsfcrue us out of their own consciousness and know next to nothing about, our aotual ways fancy we must be. It la true that we do not make assent to the propositions of an elaborate ' '?' oreed the condition of fellowship in our churches ; we do something that in reality ia very 'much more reaohing. We require from everyone who would join us a oredltable con fession' of faith in Jeans Christ as the Son of God and the Lord and Saviour of men, and , of the purpose to follow and ohey Him. Such 'meetings as we have lately seen remind us that 'we need to give large' consideration to what is common to the faith of all earnest Christians In 1 order that what Is special to some may fall Into due place and proportion. In the supreme thought of the day we cannot afford to en cumber ourselves over muoh with peculiar details that at best are only of aeoondary ', importance. We are bound, as far as wo can, to show, a united' front V-In the face, of the enemy. Bear In' mind that the speculative unbelief of our time goes down to the very roots, ndtr;only of Christianity, but of commercial 'morality and religion. The serious debate of to ? fiay.ls not about the things on whloh the churches ..differ and over which they ^contended among , themselves: even half a century ago, but It' is about tie things on whloh they- are agreed. Can v? anything be moire auldldal . f6rvus Christians; v than to waste in internecine strife or petty v 'haggling the ?'energy which is all required 'to 1 ^meet'the common foe? Dr. Llyingfttorie tells us that when he oame back to (the old country ihom strongholds of heathenism he was simply: dumbfounded at the contentions of the . churches, and; be suggested that a flying visit -to rthe Dark Continent might bring them ito '' ' '? their .lenses. I feel sure that if we were fully alive to the danger from without^ by whibh all our ch'urchels are menaced we ehould make 'inuoh'leBS voioe over things on whloh we oan. well agree to differ. Bate these as high as you ?. u ? please.ahd I do not say they have all their worth, -; ??; yet they do not in the least discharge us from ,t the obligations «of our oommon mission or the \- duty of trying our utmost to keep the unity [of. L ,the spirit In the bond of peace. What our common mission Is I oannot set forth In better words ^han those with which Dr. Dale has prefaced hiB manual of Congregational prin ciples. 'We all,' he says, 'have to assert: the authority and grace of our Lord Jesus Christ against the assault of speculative \- unbelief. We have to. preach the Gospel to thoBe who never hearjit. There are, hundreds of millions of heathen men to whom the redemption of the worlcUby Jesus Christ ls 'altogether unknown. There are vast numbers ' trof ;onr own countrymen who have drifted ; beyond stheVeaoh 6f~all'the ordinary institu ? -tlons of Christian instruction and worship, \- and I may add there aze many of our oountry men in theBe oolonieB far away In the bush, and who. are erying.to us all to give them and their children the Sunday servioes that have '' fallen out of their lives. There are the hungry \- to be fed and the naked to be olothed. There are miserable homes to be made decent and f healthy, and hurt, though by no means' least, *? ?-, there are low conceptions of morality in 'dptneBtio, commercial, and public life whloh i 'the church ought to elevate; selfishness in \- the ohurch itself, which ought to be inspired 1 with the charity of Christ ; Indolence which '''?- ought to be set on fire by the aeal of Christ f»r ' the honour of God and the righteousness and .happiness of mankind.' That Is a fair though not exhaustive account of the jo?nt and general mission of which we have to take our ; '-.?? share, understanding that no body of Christians can cover the whole of the enterprise, though all are . bound to contribute as much as they , can to its accomplishment. Such duties are not distinctive of any denomination. They ? are the paramount duties of all the churches, and they embraoe at least three- fourths of our . proper solicitudes under whatever banner we ? may severally prefer to march. It lathe remaining fourth whioh, haB more that ? ' ' constitutes our speolal mission. What Is it,. ''?- and what is It worth ? To the question, what is bur special mission in these colonies ? I should answer first that It is to preserve and perfect and perform all that belongs to our xi own polity. We oannofc efface ourselves by 1 going over to even so grand , and venerable an' organisation as that of our Weeleyan : - brethren without betraying what for us Is ;^ eurely'a mbBt aaorefl trust; The: comparat:|vp. emallness of our' numbers Is nqt sufficient (\ ,«;'tfeason why: we Bhould surrender any church '} '|ip?iupiple8 and thWlghtB whloh we deem I \ ij... tltese principles conserve. We nave certainly 1 done ourselves less than justice In our returns I ?, to the-censuB. -We know, that-; the.. statistics, ;i-'. as takim,' axe gravely fallacious. Tub conditions /; pf emolument are different in different bodies, ft! ^largely iibmlnal in some, very real In others. P v-That our position for Instance ;1b understated if, » Uiere oan. be no doubt whatever. We have m returned ourselves at the small figure of 4501, rf but .there iff\another ir.etuHH\Gf i.4d86ti persons A who object to state their religion, and the great majority of these abstainers we may be pretty sure are of the stoutest sect of our religion — Independents. It is of course very deoeptlve, and the taunt of fewnesB should not trouble us much. For myself I hold that I am bound to declare my faith to any one who seriously demands it, be he publlo or pri vate man, believer or unbeliever, heathen, magistrate, or Christian statesman, or offioial statistician. The roll of martyrs would be much reduced If the early saints had refused to answer the Boman's challenge, 'Art thou a Christian f ' I confess that I fall to see the force of the scruples that In these oolooies prevent so many of our brethren from giving the information whioh the state desires, However, ab It isV'wI'th the result that by our own act we are placed far lower in the com parative bo ale than aooorda with our true position. However, aa I say, the question of numbers, and of the weakness which the num bers seem to indicate, is no reason why we should be oareless about the polity or fancy that as Oongregatlonalists our business is done. Our fathers have suffered much for their polity through many generations. It la true, as every candid student of the New Testament admits, the saored reoord that eo joins In the way of command no special constitution of the Christian Church, we may Infer what was the polity of the apostolic times. Nevertheless It declares our. preference for the simplicity of the New Testament churches, and it is admitted on all sides that in our day the Congregational order is the u ear eat approach to the earliest societies of believers. It Is not nooessary that I should describe our polity to-night, and still less that I should praise it. It looks infinitely le3B imposing than the elaborate regulations of many and other { systems of discipline and government.. It la hot favourable to large all ruling combinations. It cannot be greatly abused by disloyal men. It can be efficiently worked by none but genuine Christians'. At worst the harm that is done in any case of misadmlnistration is mischief of a local church, and not of a great and Imperial organisation, and we taluk that our smaller fellowships secure many things that are generally lost in larger societies. Certain we are . that It would be no gain to Christendom If our church were extinguished by absorption In a rule of general systems that allow the narrow scope to local and individual action. The first thing in our special mission Is that we Bet ourselves to do the very best we can In the working out of our Congregational .polity. The seoond thing in our speolal mission is that we have to work our polity in these colonies under peaceful conditions. It Is not so at all in the old.oountry. There for three centuries Congregationalism has, from Bad necessity, been protesting and militant, and it has had no ohance of showing what It can do vben it is released from the passion and strain of political oonfilct. Our fathers have had to fight against despotism of all kinds In ohurcb, state, and society. They never had the oppor tunity of showing what peaceful Congregation alism oan do. That marks the difference between their position and ours that We should recognise and understand. i It is not in the main to our English brethren, but to our brethren in Canada and the United States of America that -we must look for precedents under conditions that are verj different from those of the old oountiy. We, like our Amerloan brethren, are delivered from most of the occasions of strife which press so hardly on our communion in England. - There Is no levy here on all denominations for the aggrandisement of one, no complication of vested Interest that it will take little less than a revolution . to -unravel ; there are no heart burnings between the privileged and the op pressed to be In the least compared with the bitterness of opposing parties at home. We are free and eoual in the eyes of the law. Our Parliaments' are not tempted to legislate In the interests of any denomination ; the support of religion is left to the free will of those who 'care for It, and we are not com pelled to exhaust ourselves In a conflict that,' however justified by circumstances, la alto gether Incompatible to the temper of our faith. No, I have known people Bay that with the cessation of that confliot, especially on the relations of church and state, our mission aa Congregationalists 1b ended. We have fought bard and well for certain objeots, and we have gained them, but now we are told our real occupation is gone ; and I have known born and bred Congrega+lonallsfcs who more than half believe them. The truth is that we are only now set free, and what we shall mature is the real problem that we in these colonies are set to solve. It is a very anxious problem, and it will best us as no conflict like that of the past could do. Doubtless we have done with oppression of a certain kind, but depend upon it we shall still ' have* occasion to remember our principles and our history, and to stand as tbe steadfast and Immovable, foes of new forms of despotism whether they come from above or below, whether they come from the arrogance of the few or the intolerance pf the many, whether, they be the imposters of rulers or the tyranny of the multitude, who would rldj rqughahod over all rights In the interests of a class, and make the vote of the majority bear down what ia opposed to . their circle. The gospel of mere majorities oan never be made the gospel of. Oongregatlonalists if wo have a spark of manhood left in us, and we shall soon reduoe ourselves to sounding brasB and tinkling cymbals if we let anyone believe that we take environment for life and the spirit of the age as necessarily synonymous with tbe spirit of Christ. Our glorious independent forefathers made many mistakes ; they allowed in some things the Hebrew spirit of the Old Testament to. dominate the Christian spirit of the New j they pushed their principles to an authority of manner that has made them the butt of the frivolous and malignant to the present hour ; the hypocrisies and fanatiole3 of a few have been made the characteristics, of the many. TLeir true character ie slowly emerging from the fl jod of abuse, and we can see . clearly in the main that they were stalwart, intelligent, Godfearing men, who by universal acknow ledgment kept the liberties of England from utter wreok and ruin, and were moved by a passion for religiousness In church, state, society, and through the whole round of com merce between man and man. We are their true ecclesiastical descendants, and we have need to be filled with the same passion for righteousness in all that lies before us. The ethloa of the GoBpel have in their latter days been greatly depresned, aud pethaps It is in this direction that all our churches and church members are in tbe sorest need of a revival. We Bhall have opportunity enough, to make a long fight in the cause of righteous men, yet we must not shame ; the characteristic herl tage ,of . our fathers. -? As compared with the conflict of, our,. brethren.,, we, ,have .here to do our work under the existing conditions, yet riot to lay aside our arms as useless. We are bound by our traditions and principles to stand forth before all the ormrohes as the bhampions of justice and liberty, and to fight to the death for free and honest dealing ia all the honest relations of man with man. The third thing pertaining to our special mission is that we have to enlist the sympathy and service of every Individual member iu the interests of tbe particular church to whioh he belongB, No matter what outside movement m%y soliolt his attention his first duty Is to seek, to the edifi cation, comfort, order, and efficiency of the local society with whioh he is identified, to make the best that you oan of your own church. It lies at the root of our polioy that every member of ;a given ohurch has a voica In the. ohurob, and that he Is responsible in his degree for the welfare and good order of the ohurbh. Of course his solicitudes are not to be confined to tbe local Interests of his special 'communion. He may give time, thought, labour, money to ihiB or that enterprise he Is to work, but he has no right to do it at the expense of the particu lar brotherhood is is his first object to serve. If you do not know which is best for the denomi nation you will make no mistake if you set yourself to perfect to the utmost the fellowship with whioh you are identified. The perfection of the aasoolated brotherhoods depends upon the perfection of eaoa of them, and you must be loyal to your own church if you would minister effectually to the churches at large of the Bame order as yourself. Fourthly, we want an effective confederation of all our ohurohea that Bhall yet leave them free to manage their own looal affaira. Iu all confederations each must give up something, and It need be nothing vital ; it Is idle to suppose that we may at the same time do anything that everyone likes, and get the advantage of large cohesion. How and on what conditions we can bring it about is a very nice and difficult problem, but all our churches might agree within certain limits to sustain themselves by the judgment and authority of confederate churches of their own order. I thick we may learn much by study ing the proceedings of our American1 brethren in this direction. It is too large and difficult & subject to attempt to discuss In this address. I only take note of it as a matter of great im portance. To bring it about under wise and wellTOonsldered conditions is certainly part of our special mission in these colonies. Fifthly, and now a point on whioh I wish to lay great stress is this : It should be 6haraci-9ristlo of our body that we do our best to aeoure the most. Intelligent men that we can gather to dlsoharge the functions of our ministry, and the most intelligent congregation that we cm gather to appreciate our teaching;. An in competent ministry is trouble enough to any ohurbh. It can only be excused among us by the difficulty of meeting the elementary wants of onr country districts, but It is simply ruinous to us to make ifc character istic of our ministry as a whole. I do not mean that we want learning of the mere scholastic wit. A man may have that and yet be a great fool, though mere scholastic learning is a great aoqulal tlon if only it la backed by common sense and a . knowledge of human nature, There is much ia which the Salvation Army beats us all, but there ia also work that the Salvation Army is quite powerless to do. Somebody must do it. The difficulties - of country work for our ministers are in some respects greater than in the towns, and all honour is due to them . for the patience, toil, and self- saori'ice with which they try to make the best of the situation. 1 could say move, brethren, but I have e.ald enough to try your patience to-night. I am sure tbe time has come when our best and wisest men should take thought of our special a3 of our general mission in the colonies. The conditions on whioh wo have to, work out our distinctive polioy are plainly different from those of our .brethren in the old land. Our problem Is to' try what we can do with peaceful Congrega tionalism, though the battle for righteousness in ohurch, state, and society has still ia larger measure to be fought, and we sh^ll be false to our traditions if we blench when the atorm blows highest. Our churches as a whole oan best be served by every minister and member doing what he can, to elevate tbe piety, foBter the zeal, and perfect the working of his own particular brotherhood. Something, I am per suaded, may yet be done to secure the advan tage of a mc-e compact' federation than we have yet attained to without injuring what is vital to the independence of obr churohes. Above all, I think . it ia vital to our permanent Existence, aB well aa to our YitaJL success, that we work with intelligence upon Intelligence, and exhibit a piety and zeal that never loses hold of the rational as well as the right. And so we should be deeply ooncerned in all that contributes to raise the Intelligence of the whole community. With all that is speoial to ourselves lay to heart the things in which we are to make common cause with the whole body of Christ's holy ohurch, and let us - give no grudging recognition to all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and set them selves to do His work. Finally, brothers In the ministry,' Take heed unto yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers to feed the Church of God which He bath purchased with His own blood;' ' Adorn the doctrines of God our Saviour in all things,' 'For the grace of God hath appeared, bringing salvation to all men, in structing us to the extent that denying ungod liness and worldly lusts we should live Boberly and religiously and godly in that present world, looking for the blessed home and appearing of our great God and Saviour Jesua Christ, who gave Himself for ub tna't He might redeem us from all iniqalty and purify unto Himself a people tor His own possession, zealous of good works.' 