THEGHOST OF THEBLUE CHAMBER Uncle John told us a story. Uncle John said : Perhaps we were not aware of it, but there was a haunted room in that very house. He said that for years nobody had been able to sleep in the " blue chamber " (they called e the room next to the nursery the "blue •chamber,—nearly the whole of the toilet_set. being of that shade) on Christmas Eve, owing to its being regularly visited daring that particular night by the spirit of a man who had killed a Christmas wait with a lump of coal. But this was only one of the crimeB solo cornet player had wandered into the town one day, had played a selection of popular airs (with variations) just outside this man's gate, had been seen afterwards going into the house,and bad never been seen coming out of it. A German band had visited the place one summer, intending, so they announced, to stay for a month. On the second day from their arrival the whole company, as fine and healthy a body of men as one could wish to see; were invited to dinner by this man, and, after spending the whole of the next 2i hours in bed, had left the town a broken and dyspeptic crew; the parish doctor, who had attended them, giving it as his opinion that it was doubtful if they would ever be fit to play a tune again. I forget the rest of his villainies. I remember Uncle John's hinting, however, that they had not been altogether unconnected with the lonely grave of an unknown stranger, an Italian peasant lad, a performer npon the barrel organ. I. rose np and said that I would sleep in the •" blue chamber." " Do not thwart me in my resolve," I continued. " I am young, and have had s clear conscience now for over a month. The spirits -will not harm me. I may even do them some little good, and induce them to bequiet and go away. Besides, I should like to see the Bhow." They tried to dissuade me from what they termed my foolhardy enterprise, bnt I remained firm, and claimed my privilege. I was "the guest" "The guest" always sleeps in the haunted chamber on Christmas eve; it is his perqoMte. They said that if-I put it onthatfootingthey had, of course, no answer ; ana they lighted a candle for me, and accompanied me upstairs in a body. I did not go to sleep—I did not feel sleepy at all—I lay on my back, looking up at the ceiling and.thinking of things. ~ wish I coold remember some of the ideas that came to me as I lay there, because they were so amusing. I laughed at them.myself till the bed shook. I had been like this for half an honr or so, and had forgotten all abont the ghost, when, on casually casting my eyes round the room, I noticed for the first time a singularly contented-looking phantom sitting in the easy chair by the fire, smoking the ghost of a long clay pipe. I fancied for the moment, as most people would under similar circumstances, that lmust be dreaming. I sat np, and robbed my eyes. No 1 It was a ghost, clear enough. X could see the back of the chair through his body. He looked over towards me, took the shadowy pipe from his lips, and nodded. The most surprising part of the whole thing to me was that I did not feel in the least alarmed. If anything, I was rather pleased to see him. It was company. I «aid, "Good evening. It's been a cold day I" He said he had not noticed it trims 'If. bnt dared say I was right. We remained silent for a few seconds, and then, wishing to put it pleasantly, I said," I believe I have the honor of addressing the ghost of the gentleman who had theaccident with the wait ?" He smiled, and said it was very good of me to remember it. One wait was not much to boast of, but still every little helped. I was somewhat staggered at his answer. I had expected a groan of remorse. The ghost appeared, on the contrary, to be rather conceited over the business, I thought that, as he had taken my reference to the wait so quietly, perhaps he would not be offended if I questioned him abont the organ-grinder. I felt carious about that poor boy. * " Is it true," I asked,"" that; you bad a band in the death of that Italian peasant lad who i&me; te the town with a barrel organ that played only two tunes— " Annie Laurie.' and' Home, sweet home*?" He quite fired up. Had a hand in it (" he exclaimed indignantly. " Who has dared to preteDd that he assisted me ! I mnrdered the youth myself. Nobody helped me. Alone I did it Show me the man .who says I didn't." We grew quite chummy after that, and he told me all his crimes.' He said he. had lived next door to a young lady who waB learning to play the guitar, while a gentleman who practised on the bass viol ived opposite. And he, with fiendish cunning, bad introduced these two unsuspecting 3'onng people to one another, and had persuaded them to elope with each other against their parents' wishes, and take their musical instruments with them; and they had done so, and, before the honeymoon was over, she had broken his head with the bass viol, and he had tried to cram the guitar down her throat, and h&d; injured her for life. My friend s%\d he used to -lure muffin men into the passage land then stuff them with their own wares till they burst and died. He said he had quieted 18 that way. Young men and women whq recited long and dreary poems at evening' parties, and callow -youths tyhQ walked abont the streets late at night, playing concertinas, he used to get together ana poison in batches of lQ BO. as to save expense; and park orators and temperance lecturers he used to shut np six in a small room with 6 glasB of water and a collection box apiece, and let them talk eaoh other to death. It did one good to listen to him. I asked him when he expected the other ghosts—the ghoste of the wait and the cornet player, attt^ the-Gcrman band that Uncle John tad mentioned. He smiled, ^nd «aid they would never come ^igain, any Of than. I said, "Why, isn't it I ine, then, that they meet you here every Christmas Eve for a row J" ' He replied that it was true. Every Christmas Eve, for 25 years," had he and they fought in that room; but they would never trouble him nor anybody else again. One by one had he laid them out, spoilt, and utterly useless for all haunting purposes. He had finished off the last German band ghost that -very evening, ; just before I came upstairs, and tod thrown what was left of it «ut through the slit between the window sashes. He said it would never be worth calling a ghost again. "I snpposa von will still come yourself as usual ?" I said. " They would be sorry to miss you, I know." "Ohj I don't know," he replied; "there's nothing much to come for now. Unless," he added kindly," you are going to be here. I'll come if you will eleep here next Christmas Eve. I have taken a liking to you," he continued; "you don't fly qg screeching when you see a party, and yt.nr'hair do.sn't stand on end. Vftn've no idea," he said, <f LOW fiinV T nm nf smaiTionannla'ctiqirehiiifl. liow sick I am of seeing people's hair standing an end." He said it irritated him. JuBt then a slight noise reached us from the yard below, and he started and turned deathly black. " Ton are ill," I cried, springing towaids him; «tell me the best thing to do for you. Shall I drink some brandy, and give you the ghost of it1" He remained silent, listening intently for a - moment, Bad then he gave a sigh of relief, and the shade came back to his cheek. " It's all right," be murmured; " I was afraid it was the cock." " Oh, its too early for that," I said. " Why, it's only the middle of the night." "Oh, that doesn't'make any difference :to those chickens," he replied bitterly,-'*'They would just as soon crow in the middle of the night as at any other time—sooner if they thought it would spoil a chap's evening ont. I believe they do it on purpose." " How do you manage when there isn't any cock bandy I* I enquired. He was on the point of replying, when again be started and listened. This time I distinctly beard Mr Bowlts' cock, next door, crow twice. . . . . He was gone! He bad left me without a word —without even saying good-bye I— JEKOHI E. JEBOHE, in " Tinsley's Magazine." 