POLICE COURT. Saturday, October 5th, 1895. (Before Geo. L. Lakin, Esq., P.M.) CATTLE STEALING AND KILLING. Phillip Hall Palmer, Phillip William Palmer, and Cobbo (half-caste) were charged with wilfully and feloniously killing one red and white cow branded EA6, tbe property of one Charles Grafton Ross, with intent then feloniously to steal, take, and carry away the hide and carcass of the said beast. Senior- Sergeant Gallagher conducted the prosecution. Mr. McGrath defended the three ac- cused. Evidence for the prosecution was adduced as follows : — Senior- Constable Murphy deposed : Know the three accused now before the court ; according to instructions pro- ceeded to Doongal Station belonging to Mr. Ross on Saturday, 28th September ; went over to Warrah in the evening with George Robinson, one of Mr. Ross' stockmen ; went to watch the accused ; Warrah is the place of P. H. Palmer; camped within view of the place ; there is a stockyard and billing pen about 300 yards from the house ; camped there every night from the 28th September untll the 4th October ; on the morning of the 4th, Robinson and I were camped at our usual plaoe ; we had a good view of the stockyard ; about 5 a.m. saw some men come into the yard ; they cut out the cattle into two mobs ; about 15 minutes afterwards heard them cutting down a beast In the killing yard ; went up wlth Robinson ; saw the accused P. H. Palmer outaide the yard close to the killing pen; a beast had been killed; be was putting tbe hide into a wheelbarrow ; said to him, 'I want to ex amine the hide you have got in the barrow ?' he replied, ' It is an EA5 hide ; I killed it in mistake; it belongs to Mr. Ross; I intended to send him word about it'; Robinson gave him in charge for killing; the beast; arrested him; he re- plied 'All rlght'; the other two accused were given in charge for the same offence : they made no reply ; when we got up to tbe yard tbe carcass of the beast was banging on the gallows; it was in the killing yard ; looked as if it was freshly killed ; examined the bide (produced); saw it contained the brand EA5 ; produce tbe Brands' Directory ; EA5 Is Mr, Ross's registered brand ; Robinson examined the hie in the presence of the accused ; he said, 'It belougs to a cow of Mr. Ross's. I know the beast very well' ; saw the head close to the killing pen wlth the hide ; one ear was cut off the head ; it was freshly done; produce an axe; the accused P. H. Palmer told.me that be killed the beast with it ; there was a heavy fog when the cattle were cut out of the yard ; it was daylight. Cross-examined by Mr. M'Grath : Pulled the hide out of the barrow and spread It on the ground ; Robinson and I felt for the brand ; the hair was pretty long ; had to run the clipping machine over the spot to see the brand ; it is very distinct now; it was after I clipped the hair that Robinson said he knew the beast; looked for and expected to find an EA5 brand on the hide ; could not make It out EA5 until I clipped It, but Robin- son knew it; came upon the accused very suddenly; his dogs barked at us about a minute before we got up to him; know the accused's registered brand was W5L ; look at tbe Brands Directory for 1894 and see that W5L Is now tbe registered brand of John Copson, Gympie; don't know either the accused's or Mr. Ross' ear marks. George Robinson deposed : Am a stock- man In the employ of Mr. Ross at Doongal ; know the three accused ; on the 3rd October went with Constable Murphy and camped in view of Warrah stockyard ; between 5 and 6 on the morning of the 4th saw two lots of cattle in the yard ; saw the accused cutting the cattle out ; shortly afterwards we went over to the killing-yard ; the three accused were there; Willie Palmer and the half-caste boy were pulling the paunch out of a a beast that was freshly killed; the accused P. H. Palmer had the hide, head, and feet In a barrow; the carcass was hanging on the gallows in the killing-yard ; when we came up Mr. Palmer bid us "Good morning' ; the constable asked to see the hide ; P. H. Palmer said, ' It is an EA5, I shot her in mistake, and intended to send word to Mr. Ross' ; examined the bead ; noticed the Doongal ear marks ; it is a fish hook in the off ear ; the spayed cows are ear marked with a 'spilt' in the near ear ; this one had the spilt ear mark ; the ear witb the fish hook mark was out off the head ; it was In the wheelbarrow ; am a little better than tbree years in Mr. Ross's employ ; don't know all bis stock, but have a fair knowledge of tbem ; b red and white Bpayed cow used to run near Warrab ; the head of the beast I saw tn the barrow was tbe bead of tbat particular cow ; a number of Mr. Ross's spayed oowa run about Botheram camp, which is about three miles from Warrah ; have missed tbree bead tbat I buew individu ally within tbe last tbree months; on examining tbe bide in tbe barrow found the EAS brand on it ; tbe bide (produoed) is the one that was in the barrow ; it is tbe bide of the red and white spayed oow ; gave Palmer in cbarge for killing tbe oow ; saw the cov about a fortnight before she was killed ; the brand was then legible to me ; tbe oow was in falrlsb condition for killing, and was on Palmer's run. By Mr. M.cGratb : The head was split in two ; the horns were lying on the ground, the ears in the barrow ; Palmer's ear mark is a split ear, but whether on tbe near or off side I cannot say ; we crept up npon Palmer ; got within 35 or 40 yards before be saw us ; the oonstable was dressed in plain clothes ; wa walked ap steadily to the barrow; we did not walk up smartly ; Palmer did not Bpy, ' Anyone would think you were walking for a wager tbe oonstable said be wanted to see tbe bide ; Palmer Bald 'It Is an EAS ; I shot it In a mistake ;' ran my band over the bide to feel for the brand ; you oould see the S distinctly bsfore tbe constable clipped tbe hair; the E and A were indistinct ; tbe ear (pro duoed) is the off ear ; oould Dot say wbetber it was cut off wltb aa axe or a knife; tbe out is a jagged one : itoould be done witb a knife; tbe oonstable brought the olippers; Palmer owned up straigbt away ; bis brand is WSL ; coald aot say wbat rump ft is on ; hardly think raimer oouia nave made a mistake in tbe brand; tbe beast was not shot; bad It been so we woald bave beard the report of the gun ; we were only about 100 yards away; Palmer afterwards told as tbat be knocked tbecowdown witb an axe ; yoa can tell a brand better qu a live beast than on a bide. By tbe Bench ; It wbb just breaking day wben tbey aommenaed killing; from the position of tbe beast on the gallows tbey must have been at worb haifan hour when we oame ap. Charles Grafton Ross deposed : Am owner and manager of Doongal Station ; bnow tbe aoonBed, Phillip Hall Palmer, bis Bon Phillip William Palmer, and tbe half-caste boy Cobbo, who is in the employ of Mr. Palmer; the accused P. H. Palmer resides at Warrah, about five or six miles from Dooogal ; my regis- tered brand is EA5 on the off rump with a fishhook earmark on the off ear; spayed cows have near ears split; have spayed cows running down near accused's place; they, are good conditioned cows ? never authorised accused to kill any of my cattle; never sold him any with my brand on ; the hide (produced) bears my registered brand. This closed the case for the prosecution and the following evidence was given in defence : — Phillip Hall Palmer deposed'- Am a grazier and one of the accused ; reside at Warrah ; brand my cattle W5L on the near rump, but some of the elder cattle are branded on the off ramp ; ear mark my cattle with a split in the near ear; know Mr. Ross; his spayed cows are ear marked tbe same as my cattle ; my son and Cobbo ran about 15 head of cattle into the stockyard on Thursday last - wanted to get a beast to kill ; my inten- tion was to kill at 5 o'clock on Thursday afternoon, but did not do so on account of a thunderstorm, as I thought tbe beef would go bad ; the cattle were left in the yard over night ; got up about 5.30 on Friday morning ; called the boys ; lit the fire and made a cup of tea while waiting for the fog, which was heavy, to clear ; about 6 a.m. we went to the yard to kill a beast ; ran about eight of the cattle from the big yard into the killing pen ; thought three of them were my own ; the boys worked the cattle round the yard, and I knocked down tbe cow with the axe ; thought at tbe time it was one of my own ; considered it had my ear mark and brand on; killed it under that belief; after I knocked the beast down the other cattle were let out of the yard ; com- menced to skin the cow, and had it half done when I went to take out the tongue ; then noticed that it had Mr. Ross' off ear mark ; said to tbe boys, ' We have killed one of Ross' instead of our own they had a look at it ; we went on skinning; said to them, ' We will have to send word to Ross about it '; looked for the brand when we bad the beast ob tbe gallows ; found it but oould not make It oat ; said to tbe boys, ' I think It Is an E&5 Cobbo cat tbe horns off to get the brains out ; wben be bad finished notloed that be bad out off the off ear; It was lying beside tbe bead ; the oonstable and Robineon came, up pretty maob in the manner they described ; when the con stable clipped over the brand be said, ' Here is tbe 5,' and Robinson aald, ' Yes, and bere is part of tbe A.' Cross-examined by Senior-Sergeant Gallagher: Pave between 200 and 800 oattle ; never eent any to Obilders ; sent some to Tlaro about twelve months ago ; never sent any oattle to Glenbar or sold any to eeieotors around tbere; billed a cow belonging to George Thareobt ; bad his permission to do it ; sold a bullock of Parraabs' ; did not get biB permission flret; paid him for it afterwards; be asbea me and I told bim I bad ; decline to say wbetber Thureoht threatened to tabe proceedings against me or that I gave bim £5 to square it ; don't bnow tbat a search warrant was issued by tbe Howard Bench to search my plaoe for stolsh Iron ; beard tbat BargesB and a oonstable searched my plaoe ; heard tbey got five sheets of iron ; Burgess did not see ma about the iron ; deoifue to say whether I gave £5 to sqaare tt ; decline to say whether I squared Burgess not to prose oute me or my son ; tbis Is the first mietabe I bave made in billing wrong cattle; am not In tbe habit of shooting oattle in tbe middle of the night. At this stage the oonrt adjourned, and resumed at 2*30 p.m., wben— .Pbillip William Palmer deposed : Am a son of tbe last witness and one of the accused ; acting under Instructions from my father Cobbo and I raa some cattle Into the etoebvard on Thursday ; father killed one on Friday moroing by bitting It oa tbe bead witb an axe ; when .skin Ding it fatber said we bad killed one of Ross' in mistake; when we bad done skinning bad a look for tbe brand ; oould onl v see tbe A and the H nf tho hranrl ? tho bide was put into a barrow; Cobbo out the horns off ; before I saw the fish book ear mark thought the beast billed was our own ; father bad two fat oows in the pen similar to this one fit, for killing. By Senior Sergeant Gallagher : Was present when my fatber gave his evi dence; , beard ail be said; wben going for tbe oattle fatber did not tell ub to bring in any particular beast ; told my fatber that there were three bailies amongst the oattle we brougbt lin ; bave been livlDg at Warrah for five years ; have not mastered tbe cattle since then ; don't know bow many there are ; have a registered brand of;my own) it Is B2P ; bave branded a few calves recently witb it ; don't always briug in tbe cattle for killing; sometimes fatber does it ; killed a oow belonging to Thurecht ; decline to say wbat I remember of Parraok's bul lock ; deollae' to say whether I took iron off Burgess's bouse, or tbat my fatber gave £4 to square it ; don't bnow bow Cobbo .is paid, |or what wages he gets; kill once a montb, generally 5 In the afternoon ; don't sell any of tbe meat Ob a rule; at times bave sold meat to travel lere and selectors ; It is tbree or four months alncs we sold any to Beleotors. Cobbo, an aboriginal half- oaste, wha said tbat he was neitber a Christian nor knew anything about the Bible, but knew that he woald go to bell it he told a lie, stated : Work for Mr. Palmer ; know his brand and ear marb ; bave been witb him about a year; be haB about 300 oattle ; belped Willie to bring In some oattle ; brought about IS bead ; the beast killed was amongst them; I cut off tbe borna and split open the head to get tbe brains ; no one told me to cat off tbe ear ; mast have taken It off accidentally when ohopplng off the horns; before tbe hide was ollpped yoa oould make out tbe A and 5 bnt not tbe E, The witness, who a poke Eoglish very well, gave a lot of oorroboratire evidence. Cross-examined by Senior-Sergeant Gallagher: Heard the last witnesses give their evidenoe ; knoob about the house ; am gardener ; get ISs. a week ; was with Mr. Ross from the time I was a iittle boy antil I weat to Mr. Palmer; used to go out wltb Mr. Ross or the atoobman and help to muster ; assisted to brand ; never assisted to ear mark ; have seen tbem do it ; we ran in a few of Ross's oattle with oar own ; tbere was one epayed oow ; it was tbe one tbat was billed ; Palmer bas got no spayed cows. Tbis dosed tbe oase for the defence. Mr. M'Grath addressed tbe Bench, submitting that tbere was no evidenoe against any of the aoensed to support tbe charge that bad been alleged against tbem- There was no proof that they in tentionally killed tbe beast. It was an aooident; an unfortunate one to all parlies concerned. He traversed tbe evidenoe, and held tbat the oondoct ot tbe accused (Palmer) was that of an innooent inan and not that of a guilty one. He submitted that in oases of this description Hie WorBblp would never eend a man to trial unless he con sidered tbe evidence was suoh tbat a bill would be filed, and be (Mr. M'Gratb) considered that tbere wbb not tbe ghost of a chance of a bill being filed in this case. He asked that tbe accused be die* charged, as tbere was not safflolent evi denoe to commit. After some contention between tbe Police Magistrate and Mr. M'Grath apon the point the Police Magistrate aald tbat with tbe direct evidence there was In tbis oase tbat even if be thought tbe acoased were innooent he should bave to commit them. Tbe oass was adjourned antil this morn log. His Worship notifying that he in* tended to oommit. Mr. M'Gratb applied for bail, and It was granted as follows : — Phillip Hall' Palmer, two sureties In £40 each ; P. Wr I palmer abd Cobbo, two sureties In £10 eaob. Tbe Coart rose at 4*80 p.m. 