lepmojn ftiir: Sunday. Highway .of ' Life. By tho Rev. John Robertson. Every way of a man fs liirht In hie own oy ns, but tho Lord iiondereth tho' heart, -Proverbs xxi, 2. . ; ' ' . Ouo of tho. most striking tilings, among tho many striking things in your first visit to 'America is tho ahsonco of roads. Hardly linvo, you loft Now York, with nil itit hustle and busy rush, than a l'ow miloS out 111 tlio country, you uro ninnzed to find tlio evidences of but partial settlement, or you rbo buggies waiting till tho express passes, jolting up mid down 011 bnlf-formod paths. It will require a century of road-ntnking to overtake what floods to be- overtalron for tlio accommodation of thnt vnst country 'with moans of traverse But yot Amerloaus are magnificent roadamkers in commcrco and. in ingenuity, although no turnpikes, or vory fow, nro yet laid down on tho brond bosom of tlie Unitoil States. Are not nil our. "tips" 11; trade from tho Atnoricuiis ? Have they not gained tho fnmo among tho nations for invon- tivoiiesn mid tliouglitfulnces, for striking out original paths? Man is horn a roadniukor. Tlio littlo bubo hardly lenvei tho cradlo before' it makes its path, totters its sclf-ohosen way, nnd you have all mudo a road boforo you sit hero in this sorv'oe. Roads have been made more difficult than that across tlio Alps, which Napoleon laid down for tho cannon and troops. Roads, boforo wliioh tho Appian Way, that Roino laid straight to tlio heart of its capital, is us nothing. Macadam is not in it compared with miui naturally. Rondmnking . belongs- instinotively and iuhorontiy to our boing. Wo- make a road in tho might of tho personality thnt Godjrqvous. Wo make a road first and. oliiofly in this lifo, and thero is nothing wrong in thut. Inventiveness is from God. Indi-; viduality is a gift of tho Almighty. The son — it is a credit to him if ho find his father's boots too narrow for his unibitious stop.. It is u grand thing wlion the son takes tho position of- his fatlior as a stopping- stono to higher things. Invontive.ness, amhi- tion, and a holy desire to oxocl, to make a road for your own feet, are from God. But what tho Spirit condemns bora is that wlion wo do mako tho road; whatever it ho, it is always light in our own eyes. Alongside inveutivo- - ness wo have got a littlo touoh of what was at tho heart of tlio devil wlion God hurled him from tho pinnacles of lieuven to tlie pit of liell. Conpoit ! Pride ! When you make your road you httvo a tendency to survey it, and dare to say, as God alone oan say about a handiwork : "It is good;" and tlio diifionlty with man kind is getting them to admit that thoy blunder many' u timo from tho start, that tlie roud litis the wrong dip, that linstond of mounting tlio liill it is seeking tlio bottom. In Persia thoy liavo wliat is culled ".Iliisheosh." They smoke it in tlieir hubble- bubbles. If you havo soon an Eastern with his liubblo- ' bubble you will understand how tho " Hus- heesh " is iusortod into his pipo and whut is tho result. Tho peculiarity of that: drug is that' by its iiso tho senses are oxpanded, the oyos see what thoy would liover naturally see, the nerves got braced, tho belt is pulled another and 'another hole, so that the boing feels braced, with senses magnified somotimos unreasonably. A littlo stream in front of a smokor of "Hashoosli" becomes a rolling Mississippi, a bird tho size of a wron looks like a golden eagle. What is the boncfit of " Hasheesh " apart from its deleterious effects, apart from tho ruin it works on tho nature — moral, physical, nnd mental — of tho smokor? Tlio vision is unreal, tho broad Mississippi is but a tiny streamlet, tlio goldon eaglo that seems to wheel in mid-sky, in the power of wing and beak, is hut a littlo tomtit. Tlioro are mon that naturally havo been smoking "Hasheesh." They got it with their moilior's milk. Yon know the kind of man. Mon whoso duoks nro all swans, who have got a kind of exaggerated idea of their own 'im portance; moil who ore peculiarly given to. exaggeration. Tlioy seo everything out of' proportion. Tho whole thing is visionary and unreal ; and wo all have . a little bit of '' Hasheesh." Wo uro conceited naturally ; and tho road that wo malco socms just the very thing — right in our own oyes : and when tho Holy Spirit says it is wrong, wo don't like it. .God's first notion with a man whom He is going to save is to bring him down from his liigh-hendodness. "Paul, got off thathorso; you will never be saved on horseback. Corno down from your mightiness. Tlie road that you mado is wrong and not right." Tho haughty look and tho high thought are an abomination to God.< "Unto this man will I look, unto him that is humble." And thero is no humility apart from tho Spirit of God. Ttiko a man naturally, und ho is swelling with pride. It hus . been infused . into him by tho devil at tho start. It is tho mark of our fall. It is I ho tiling infernal that is at tlio coro of our boing— priao, inok of humility. Wo mako tho road nnd wo admire it. Do' you know why you put your hand — or ought to put your linnd — to your mouth when you yawn P Tlioro is dcop philosophy in it. You havo tlioro a niarvoliouB instance of tho lingering of super stition. It is not an instinctive action. Hie savages don't do it. Dr. Livingstono says, in his hooks on Africa and atbor travels, that it is a mark of civilisation. And antiquarians havo gono into it, and it is this: It aroBe in tlio Middle Agos, wlion tho fives of mon wero full of suporstitioua ideas. Tlio (lovii, thoy say, goes into a man by his mouth. Ah! if thoy would only have listened to Josus ! Tlioy hud tho same idoa in His day, and Ho said, " It is not wlint goes in, hut what comes out !" Bat tho old idoa of tlio devil's indwelling in a man by physioal admittance, apart from tlio oonsont of tlio will, Baid: "If you keep your mouth shut, ho will novor got iu. But wlion tlio dovil thinks lio lius waited too. long ho begins to mako you yawn, und tlion wlion you do it you liavo to mako tho sign of the oress to keep him out." Thut is tho origin of it, tho making of tho sign of tho oross to koop tho dovil out. I wish wo could in all honesty fulfil that idea nnd keep tho mouth closed from tho , devil -®F pride. It is fur more diffioult not to suy any-, thing at ull about yourself or your . road, than it is to sponk deprooiativoly of your efforts. Often tlio folded hands und tho downcast ojres und tho depreciatory words nro but a disguiso for a swelling heart of infernal prido. The spirit does not like it, doos not liko boasting, does not liko tho idea that our own attainments are from ourselves. God will liavo tho glory. Happy tlio nuin thut says, "Tho road I mako is ull wrong, tho read that I mako is all un trustworthy. By nature I was lost, by nnturo every, action, overy foot of tho.pnthwny that I laid down was sin." "Tlio ploughing of tho wiokod," sdjrs tlio Holy Ghost,' "is sin," Terrible doctrine that ! Tlioro is nothing good by nnturo, that nil good is derived from God;, but it is ijruo. Tho hoart of mini naturally is 11 ncstof unclean birds, Says Professor Drummdnd, " Develop tho augol in you." What if I havo no angel to develop P What if-I am conscious of this, that ull I havo to develop is of tlio dovil P Dovelop tho angel in the depraved and lost? Tho nngel iB gone ,' tho dovil' lias eomo. Man's' do- pravity is a doctrine of Soripturo. Tlioroisnofnll upward. It ib' descent, not ascent;1 ns this Wordistruo. Havo yon been convicted of Bin P ' Havoyou Had enough of your own road- making? Havo you had enough of it? Your bleeding fingers, your weary, aching hones, man, , would Buroly tell you that your own road-making is a failure. Bat you will novor, novo!, never takb that narrow path thut leads to Calvary till you realise this ; that your own way is death— that your own way loads to hell and not to heavou. Tho right_ test of n roud is where it ends; not what it is liko for a 'number of yards, hut where it cuds— whether it. goes amid its inoan'doriugs up hill und down dale, across parishes ;' it goes direot to tho capital. Tho best .tiirnpiko road to Glasgow from ""Stirling would just bo tho turnpiko thnt loads to Glasgow Gross. You might make tho host road' that over Maaadam inado," . that over General Wado made. . in . tho.. Highlands, - where ho won his fame at road-making, but if it does not came to the. Cross tlioro it. is not a' good Glasgow rend— it is no Glasgow, rend at all, "But," you say, . " loolc ut tlio niuoacla- ' raising. It is perfect; -.Look lit tho'iimdoth-, floss." ' Yes, hut it is no Glnsgow rgad if it- docs not lend to Glasgow. So, brother, point mo to the road that you havo made by nature. You have dotted it hore and there with achieve ment. You' havo bein to college, and tho prizes you took there nuiy.be, lining tho bookshelves. The road you havo mado may be beautiful in arrangement, oulturod, oduoutod, moral and respeotablo ; hut, unless it loads to God, unloss it louds to tlio pearly gates, to tlie Oity of Light, it is no road for lifo. It is tho doatb road," not the - lifo road. Tho redd is judged -by. its end. .Tho .old hoathen moralists wore drawn sharply up by death. - Sonooa and JPlato pat . down their miles for -their studious youths, ' and they . mddo „a -beau-, tifnl road iof philosophy, hut thoy oiimo to a ohnsm .that tlioy -could not bridge. '; ( Dohtli wns always tho indxpliciiblo. Oli, Death ! "Dark ' (ihyss, there is uohridgo edit ho1 filing pver.tlioo tliut man ovoi' mndo. :' From Queons- forry yonder you dan 'Rwhig tho girders bf 'tha' Forth ' bridgo - from shore to shore, und tho wnvos (lofeutcd in their course way hiss, in- effea t a ally. ;nrodit d tho pillars, lmt who- is tho oriirlneer that will cast a bridgo ovor dciith P Who will uudci'tako tho contraot to fill up tho gront pit that is before mo lmt a fow yards ? Will any earthly . philosophy ? Will any soibntist lindortako to' lav down a footway for this immortal soul? Thoy tried it, those heiitheii.philosoplioi'B. When tlioy saw a dead body, what did tlioy do ? Tlioy oamo to tho side of tlio corpse, that' lay still in tlio royal digility of death, 'olid' thoy took a Roman coin (this' was thoir solution" of tho problem of aonth) ; tlioy took a Roman 00111, and, strotoli- ing tho fingors that woro rapidly stiffening, tlioy put tlio coin in, and olosod tho fingers again. That was tho bribo to Clinron to forry tliom ovor tlio durk river of doatli ; it was tho hontmnn's fee. That is all thoy can do. . And in tho Caacombs, in tho cemotorios of _Grooco and - Rome, you will get tliom yot, with tho' coin 'yot unolnimcd, Tho ferryman novor took it out of their fingers. Dear soul, though these philosophers fuilod in thoir ideas, don't you uelievo that tho modem philosophers liavo any better settlement. Don't you, as you vnlno your immortal soul, tuko any of their briclgo buildings across tho rivor of death . Their theories would do very woll, if you had not to dio, to dio ! to dio ! But when I havo to dio, when I seo yawning boforo mo a chasm thnt on angol's wing will hardly manage to traverse, I say, " Hoathon philosophies, nil your speculations nnd theories nro no good." 'H10 Word of God says that ovory way of a mail is right in his own pyes, but wo neodaway that is right in tho eyes, of God. What doos God say? Not wliat docs your bookwritcr say. Ho will swonr for'hfs own gospol ; but what docs God say ? And God condomns all the theories that cannot biridgo death. Thero is only ono Gospol that litis bridged death, only ono glad tidings ovor praelaimcd on this earth that turned death into a sleep, that wus ablo to oliango those inscrip tions. of despair in Rome into blessed hopo. The first Chnstiun inscription is thut of a young lady who loft' hor lifo of pleasure for Jesus1; and sho diod; What will thoy write on hof tomb ? Will it bo tho old heathen inscrip tion P : Will it bo tho old dull oolio from tlio tombof despair? No; put it Valeria dormiC— "Vnloria sleops." Ob, what a oliango Chris tianity makes ! Blessed oliango that Ohrist lias mado in this eortli whoii wo ciui wolcomo tho shadow as tho gathering brightness of honven. I want to put tho crown on tlio brow of Jesus Ohrist, ns the only rondmakor that will bridgo tho tomb. Boliovo Him ! Ho ulono can lay down what will fill up tho dark shadow. Ono morning, after a sevoro storm, wlion tho giunts of tlio forest had crushed to tlioir full, tlio bridgo had boon swept away during tho iiielit ; and yet foot traffic was not susponded tho next day. What had happened ? Across tho Highland torrent thero laid been hurlod nil oak troo. Yondor from tho bank his arms ho hud spread across tho ohasm, and us good a bridge in tho full of that oak was there us in tho bridgo of yesterday. What is the philo sophy of this lifo ? what is tlio claim of Josus Christ? it is this: By His doutli Ho has aholislioil dentil und brought lifo and immortality to light. Oh terrible storm of tho wrath of God, wlion ungols foil from high heaven, when sin entered tho world, when on Calvary wo soo tlio Son of God bow honoath tho loud of wrath ! But Ho is dead ! Ho has bridged tlio ohnsm ! By His death wo liavo lifo ! Tho Lord pondorotli tho heart, and tho 1111111 thut trusts in Jcbus Christ is tho. man that Iiiis bridged dentil. Blessed death of Josus ! Glorious atoncmont, I want to honour Thoo — I waut to claim for Thoo, my blessed Lord, tho uniqueness of Thy work. All roads stop sharp, nil philosophies of man fall utterly short;, hut tho blood of tlio Soil of God, tho forgiveness of Josus, is tho bridgo thnt bridges tho grnvo. Josus has abolished death. Tlio funeral procession of till into French Pre3idont took hours to pass. A very touching thing 011 tho President's bier that carried him to tho tomb was a roso from every town in Franco. A wonderful testimony, wlion all tlio towns from tho north to tlio south, from tlio' oast to tlio west, placed 11 roso on tho president's tomb ! Blessod Josus, on Thy gnt'vb, as thoy carry Thoo to it, thero from Calvary's cross, will tlioro ho no roso from any heart ? Will wo not pilo tho blor of tlio Son of God with roses of gratitude, with tho. roses of tho licnrt's dovotion ? Whoso to pluco a roso 011 the grnvo of Josus? Has Ho solved tho 'problem to you? Has Ho mado tho road that you liuvo to trend on down through tho dark vnlloy to tlio stops of light ? Blessed Jesus Ohrist, Thou wilt got tho roso of my heart. Thou dead Ohrist! Thou oruaiilcd Saviour ! That is tho tuiiqiienoss of Christianity. It is tho doath Of Josus that, though mon scout it us a stumbling block to their natural prido, is my glory. Tlie death of Jesus? I liavo 110 Josus if Ho did not dio ; if Ho woro not a sacrifice for' mo a siunor, it is ull blank, aud chill, and dark and dismal, this grave. But hocauso Josus Christ died for me I know it is straight for heaven. "When tho old ohurgor of Alexander wus purchased and tried before Philip, tho; could not mount him. That stood rofusod to bo mounted, and ho had - cost almost tlio whole Treasury of Philip of Macedon. What is to ho dono? Lot him go? "No," said the youthful Alexander, " I will mount him." "My son," said Philip, " you don't know whut you are saying, Theso experienced warriors and renowned horsomou have failed. 'How do you oxpcot to succeed, thou young stripling of mine?", " Lot ino try, father," ho said. And noticing that tho horso hud always reared at his.own shadow, tho youtli turnoil him round, with tho wido nostrils of liim right to tho sun, and tho liorso, when he faced the sun, onBt 110 shadow savo a shadow behind him, and tlio Macedonian hoy that was to becomo tho con queror of tho world mounted him, und I10 redo him straight towards tho sun, und Buooplmlus was tho steed of u hundred victories for him. Thut ib tho seorofc of lifo, my young brother. Don't lot those philosophies und opinions of men that are about -you casting shadows doludo you'. Turn your lifo to tho Son of God. Turn your lifo to Josus Ohrist, and you can succeed, and yon will succeed, nnd you will Btop it as a warrior, on nnd on und 011," 011 thq good, bread, solid foundation of tho road that stretohos from Oiilvary to liighcst hoavon. " Blessed assurance, Josus is mine ; . vOh, what a foretaste of glory divine !" Hoir of Biilvntion, are you on tlio firm road that leads to lioaven this day, in tho death of Jesus Christ? .? . . 