TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10th, 1895. Lor a defunct body to submit a Eve question to the Government of the day is surely au anomaly, yet this is what the dead and buried Imperial federation. Xieague ba8 done in sub mitting to the Salisbury Ministry a proposal that the colonies should con tribute to the cost" of the navy on condition of their having a voice in the naval administration. Who raised the ghost of the departed league in order to formulate the pro posal, we are not told, and the pre sumption is that some noted medium connected with it has brought forth, the defunct in such shape that the Salisbury Government is not aware that it is dealing with a spook, and will not really be seized of the fact unless it appeals to the colonies on the proposal made to it, when it will discover that it has been dealing with the baseless fabric of a vision. It appears that before the Imperial federation League gave up the ghost, some three years ago, it left a legacy to certain of its members which it dubbed a " special com mittee," with the understanding that this question of colonial contribution to naval defence was to be hammered away at until some practical outcome was arrived at. The return to power of a Conservative Government on an inadequate defence" vote, seemed to offer an admirable opportunity, hence the Ministry has been ap proached on the subject, and a pro mise has been made that the matter shall be carefully considered. We need he under no apprehension on this account, for wo know by colonial experience how Ettle, as a rule, is to he expected from 'governments when they simply undertake to " consider " matters submitted to them. Never theless, the question is one, no doubt, of a national character, and as such it is hound to claim some attention from the Imperial authorities. On the face of the proposal a difficulty presents itself, for even if the colonies were wilting to contribute directly to naval defence on condition of having a voice in naval administration, is " it likely that the people of the mother country would for a moment submit to such dual control? It may of course be admitted that such control as would be conceded to the colonies would be overridden at the Admiralty, and that colonial authority in the matter would he purely uominaL If, however, in this respect the control was fairly adjusted the scheme would he fraught with difficulties, and would be full of dangeT. Lord Salisbury, with his practical mind, realises this already, for he is of opinion that a dual control over naval matters would he an evil. The Tdlbs, which evidently under stands-the colonial position in this matter, "declares that'the fact-that the colonies have undertaken the naval defence of their own shores free of cost to the home Government constitutes the strongest hond of Imperial union. It is of opinion that the cost of the British navy would he virtually the same as it is now, even if the navy were altogether relieved from the duty of defending the colonies. It adds that though a voluntary con 'trihution by the colonies to the defence of the empire would be welcome as an earnest of their sympathy with Imperial unity, it would be unwise to demand a naval defence tax from the colonies, or invite them to share in the control of the British navy." In a recent article in these columns we showed in detail the enormous expenditure incurred by this colony for colonial de fence, exclusive of our contribu tion to the maintenance of the Australian auxiliary squadron, and we have no doubt that the other colonies of this group, together with Canada, and the Cape of Good Hope, can equally demonstrate that, by means of local taxation, and without any Imperial assistance, they have expended largely to protect themselves against foreign attack, and, therefore, to relieve the mother country from the necessity she would otherwise have been under of providing defences for them. "It would be unwise," the Tmes .says, "to demand a naval defence' tax. from the colonies." It would not merely be unwise, * but it would certainly be dangerous if the demand were pressed to the point of compulsion. But no sensible man in these colonies can believe for a moment that such a demand will ever be made, therefore we need not concern ourselves with the'. conse quences. We are becoming in these southern latitudes accustomed to such feather-headed proposals as emanate from time to time from the Imperial Federation League (throueh its exe cutors) and the Cobden Club (through its most distinguished faddists), and although the better informed of our people only laugh at them, there is a considerable minority who take them seriously, and. become rebels at heart at the audacity of such proposals. 