BARCOO CARRIERS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, In your issue of tho 29th of June, under the above heading, Michael Ballinger repudiates a statement in the Worker re carriers having to sign a requisition for a squatter's nominee before they can get loading and odds, " As one of the oldest carriers in the Barcoo electorate, I give the above a most positive denial, and defy the Worker to produce the slightest evidence that such a foolish attempt at coercion has ever been made in this (Blackall) district. We feel, moreover, that since Mr. F. K. Murphy's death Blackall has been virtually disfran- chised. I do not know what foundation the Worker had for its statement, but as to the ways of the party (thc late Mr. F. R. Murphy's) which Mr. Ballinger so much deplores the loss of, I may be able to enlighten those not already familiar with them. Black- water was the Railway terminus in 1878 when I went to Blackall, and was engaged by Mr., now the Honourable Felix Clewett ; about 1880 was appointed his manager, and as such could well realise the importance of the carrying industry, and the desirableness of having the carriers settled around the town. But the carriers especially complained that whenever land was resumed ostensibly for settlement, the eyes or permanent water holes &c;, were first picked out by the squatters gross abuse of the pre-emptive clause, thus leaving only the most unfit areas for them. Hence when about 1883 a public meeting was held in Blackall to petition for some vast area being resumed, and thrown open for selection in 20,000 acre blocks, the Western Champion correctly reported in effect that Mr. Ord said, "That as a good deal of ill feeling had been engendered hitherto by the abuse of the right to pre-empt would it not be desirable before resuming this further area to take steps to prevent such abuses in the future. Now for Mr. F. R. Murphy's assistance in thc matter. Shortly after the appearance of the local paper a responsible empioyee of Mr. Murphy called on me in my office adjoining Mr. Clewett's and I certainly believe, intentionally, within that gentleman (my employer's) bearing, vehemently threatened that "he would let me see it was not to my interest to make such remarks." So much for Mr. Ballingcr's ideal. That my remarks were warranted enough the next election showed. Even the Queenslander only last month in its letterpress to pictures of Blackall deplores that the municipal boundary should be so hemmed in by vast sheep-walks to the exclusion of bona fide homesteads. Let Michael Ballinger consider the case of the widow of that other Michael, a carrier, and her last ride from her selection to Blackall. She started for medical uid, but the blocks of Mr. Ballingcr's types ot " education, ability, and energy, had to be first passed, so that on arrival in town a certificate was all that was needed from the doctor. Meantime the shepherd that is gentle had been mustering. As the pioneers' hope " that they had opened a truck for a nation's tread," Ernest Favenc sums it all up in his " Ghosts of the Desert " (Sydney Bulletin, 15th December) ; though when he says " that dead souls prayed for the living," many will put their own interpetration on it. Finally, in view of any charge of squatter phobia, let it be remembered that if Blackall objected to pre-emptive wrongs, it is, I believe, also responsible (through the leader- ship, if not the actual inception, by a town councillor) for the first artesian bore in Queensland, which, by example, has since so enhanced the value of pastoral properties. I, for one, hope that that district will never again revert to the abuses and tyranny of the past, even if it is not to be to my interest to make such remarks as Mr. Ballinger's ideal tried to impress on me. I am, &c.;, 9th July, 1895. 