LEGENDARY LORE. LEGEnDARY lore is so acceptable to the people of Germany that the old and young alike are familiar with the rich stores of wisdom or romance that have come to them from a picturesque past. It never occurs to the sincere German mind that anyone can make light of such stories as thoseo that are told at the fireside on cslnter nigh.s when the storm king is abroad in his might. They have legends of love, and legends of hate, le gends to make laughter, and le gends that are dark, stern and tragic, like those of the Black Forest. No trace of conscious Christianity can be found in them, but there is often a lesson of heathen philosophy, com bined with weird, wild tales of tragic origin. One of the legends still popular among the credulous is that of "The Wild Hunt," and old folks tell it to the children when a sudden storm is heard in the night, as the wind rushes by. "It is the wild huntsmen, take thou care," and the children are glad to be safe between their feather beds. The legend runs thus: The Lowenberg, one of the seven mountains, was the hunting ground of a wicked squire who hunted every day, not excepting Sunday, when man and beast were supposed to rest. But this was not the worst. He had no respect for the church, and on one occasion hunted a wild boar and drove it into a church, where he slew it at the foot of the altar. For' this act of sacrilege he was torn to pieces by a pack of hounds, sent from the infernal regions for that purpose. Ever since then the Sabbath-breaker's ghost is doomed to ride in a spectral train with a band of huntsmen, who, like him self, are expiating their sins, and with a pack of demon hounds at their heels, he being doomed to lead the wild hunt for ever. A legend of the Australian Alps is very touching, bordering, as it does, on one of the mysteries of religion. The wife of Pilate is believed to wander in this district in order to' receive a punishment which is not eternal but limited to the Day of Judgment. Her doom is to gather the souls of unbaptised infants. She is their keeper, and on summer nights she leads them through the earth and flax fields, where with their shadowy' hands they tear off all the blighted ears, and the harmful insects, and bear them away in their little pitchers. One mother of an unbaptised child wept inconsolably for her lost offspring. Suddenly their appeared before her a strange child, a little, bright-eyed thing of four or five years who carried a heavy pitcher and addressed the frightened woman. " Mother, you must stop crying. Your tears fill my pitcher and cause it to overflow. They make it so heavy I can not keep up with my companions. And they make me ,unhappy for no fault of mine own." The mother ceased crying, and soon after she saw a radiant figure surrounded by a number of little ones, and the happiest face among them was that of her own little child, whose pitcher was now light and easily borne. Indian History abounds with legends. 'Here. is one of the two water jars. One of the water jars was gorgeously painted on the outside and looked very beautiful to the eye, but contained nothing but worthless trash, while the other was of plain brown earthenware, and had no paint to 'make it attractive, but was filled with things of great value, such as flocks and herds, all the riches that the heart could desire.' When the two water jars were finished, the wise men called up the people, the tribes of the Pueblos and the Navajos, and com manded them to make their choice of the two. The Navajos were permitted to choose first and they seized upon the handsomelyipainted jar which was worthless, so the other became the only choice' of the fortunate Pueblos. The wise men then said: Here is the eternal fate of the two nations. You, Pueblos, will enjoy an abundance of the good things of life; you will live in houses of your own, and have plenty of flocks and herds; but you, Navajos, will be a poor and wander ing race, destitute of comfort, and greedy for show rather than for things of real value. These traits are dis tinguishing traits of the two tribes to this day. The Indian legend of the origin of war is this: One hundred and eigh teen years after the creation of the world, Kitchi MIanitou, a great spirit, looked down on the earth for the first time, and saw old men and women coming out of their lodges, grey-haired and stooping, and when they tried to walk they fell to pieces through ex treme old age. The Great Spirit then thought that he had made the Indians to live too long, and that they ii creased too rapidly. So he changed his first plan and sent out four Spirits of Thunder to tell the Indians that they must fight. 'They obeyed, after which they decreased rapidly.. The Indians who died in battle were for tunate, as the Great Spirit kept their souls near him. 