(Now First Published.) A PREVISION OF EVIL. BY G. A. HENTY. Author Of " In the Days of the Mutiny," &c.;, &c.; (Copyright.) " Why, my. dear child, what Is the matter with you ? You look like a ghost this morning." " I feel like a ghost, Guardy ; at least, I feel much worse than any well behaved ghost ought to do. I have had a dreadful dream, and I dreamt it three times,,and you know dreams that are dreamt three times always come true." . " Pooh ! pooh ! I should have thought you had more sense, Laura. If you dream a dream once, and wake up thoroughly impressed with it, nothing is more natural than that the brain should go over the same ground again as soon as you are asleep ; but that an ordinarily sensible young woman should, in the year 1810, believe in dreams, is sur- prising." '. " I don't believe in dreams generally, Guardy ; of course they are nonsense, but sometimes dreams do come true. Nurse dreamt that her lover, who was a sailor, was drowned at sea, and it turned out true, for lils ship never came back again ; and I have heard lots of stories like that. But if I had never heard one at all, I should still believe In what I dreamt. It was all so terribly real and quite different from any dream I ever had before. It was about Ralph." " I thought so," Mr. Duncan said, with a slight smile, " I would itave bet ti now hat that Ralph caine into it somehow." \- " It is no laughing matter, Gunrdy, but very terrible. I dreamt I was in a country that I had never seen before. It was a field of battle and there were dead bodies lying about ; some of them were in our uniforms, *ome seemed to me to be French. Presently I saw two evil-looking men ; I should think by their dress that they were Spanish peasants-tiley went from body to body, feeling in the pockets and robbing thom of watches, or money, or anything there was. Presently they went towards a tall tree. There was an officer lying nt Its foot, and I knew that It was Ralph, He was not dead, for I saw him move. The two men saw it too. They spoke to each other and then drew out long knives and went towards him, and then I woke," " It was a very unpleasant dream, no doubt, Laura," (>her guardian said gravely, " but there was nothing extra- ordinary In it. When a young lady is engaged to an officer taking part in a campaign, and she knows Hint there is fighting going on. and reads of the atrocities committed by the Spanish peasants upon prisoners and wounded and so on, it is not surpilsing that in sleep her brain should go over the same ground and should frame Just sueli a dream as you had." The giri shook her head decidedly. 4* I am convinced that it was no common drenm, Gunrdy. lu ordinary dreams there Is always something confused and unnatural, and when one wakes up one does not remember it all, and even if oue is frightened at first one soon se*s that it is but a dream. It wasn't so this time ; it was just as real to me when 1 woke up, as when I dreamt it ; and. as I told yon. twice I went off te Bleep, and twice I dreamt It again. Then I got np nm! dressed, for I was afraid to go to sleep again. What is to be done, Gunrdy ?" " What is to be done ?" Mr. Duncan repented. " I should say the only thing to be done is to eat a good breakfast and think no moro of it" " Ah," siie exclaimed, " I wish you had dreamt the same dream too ; you would think us I d-i that it was a sort of warning, and that if I could but be there I could stop It. If I had seen him killed by those wretches I should know that it was of no good, and that there was nothing to do but to sit hero and wait until the UPWR caine that Ralph was dead. But each time I woke before they got quite close to him, and that gives mo hope that something or other stopped them. Perhaps it was some of his friends arriving In time. If the news comes that he is dead, that he was killed before I dreamt that Hrenin, I shall know very well that notlilng I could do would have saved him, and that I only dreamt it perhaps» because he was thinking so much of me at that dreadful moment that it made me think of him nnd see everything just as he' was seeing it But if he dies, say a month after this, I shall know that I might have saved him if I lind gone to him, and I shall lie never happy again." " Gone to him," Mr. Duncan ex- claimed angrily. " What ridiculous nonsense have you got into your head ? ' Do you think for a moment that be- cause you have had an unpleasant dream that you are to go out trapesing over tile country to Spain-to a place distracted by war ? It is sheer mad- ness ; tlie idea is monstrous, and 1 may say indelicate in the extreme." " I did not think of going alone," she said quietly. " I thought, perhaps, that you would go with me. You have always been so kind and good to me that I thought you would see ns I do, and would help mo to save Ralph." " I would do anythlug in reason, Laura, as I think you know, but this is not lu reason. You are excited now, my dear, and your brain is overwrought. I am sure that, in cooler moments, you will see the matter as I do, and perceive that to undertake such an expedition merely on the strength of a dream would be an act that would qualify us both for a lunatic asylum." Laura Hinton set her Ups firmly to- gether. She had been accustomed all her life to have matters very much her own way, having been left, when a child of ten, to the guardianship of an old friend of her father, an easy-going country gentleman, who had grumbled a little at first nt the disturbance to the quiet course of his life by the introdm: tlon to his house of a young girl, but who, In n short time, succumbed alto- gether and indulged her in every whim, and. as the ladles of his acquaintance declared, spoilt her altogether. The young lady was an heiress of con- siderable fortune, and when she grow to a marriageable age, her guardian's great hope was that she would marry the sou of some neighbouring gentleman and settle down close to him. With the perversity of her sex she hnd, however, given her heart to Ralph Blackmoor, a captain in a regiment at that time stationed in tho county town ten miles away. Her guardian hnd, however, no valid reason for opposing their engagement. Ralph was of a good county family, and was by no means dependent on his pay, and save that he should prefer to see her settled near him, her gnnrdlan had no serious objection to offer. When, however, the regiment was ordered to the Peninsula to join Lord Wellington's army, lip consoled himself by the thought that he should at any rate keep his ward with him for some years. As soon as breakfast was over Laura went to her own room, sat there thinking for hnlf-an-hour. and then opened her writing desk, net' letter was to the wife of an officer stationed in the town. '' Dear Mrs. Wynchureh -When I saw yon last week you told me that you were going lo accompany your husband to Portugnl. as it would be probable that his appointment would detain him for some months at Lisbon. You said that you were not going lu a transport, lint that you should sall In a merchantman, and flint you were only walting for news when the next convov would sall. Have von that news vet ? If so, will you kindly tell me what is the name of the ship you are crolng in. and whnt port she will sail from. I have a particular reason for. asking yon. T have a packet I wisli to send to Captain Rlnckmnor, and shall send it on board to your care : and perhaps when yon arrive at Lisbon von will be kind onouirh to send It np the country to wherever his regiment mnv be. t would not trouble you in the matter, but in fhi« Wav time might lie saved, and it is Important that it ^should reaeli him as quickly as pos- sible " TTavinir directed the letter." she went downstairs and rang the boll, told the maid to elvo it to her croom, and order him to ride over with It at once to Win- chester, and to wait for an .answer. Throe boin s later he returned with a note. " Pear Miss Hinton.- An hour later and your letter wi.uld have missed me. I am nn to my evps in packing, for we received news tilt« morning that we ought to be on board the Bristol to-night or to-morrow morning ni the very latest as tho convov will cot under wav about 0 o'clock. The Bristol will fro out from Portsmouth Harbo.ir to Poll hoad this ovpninr. T am afraid It will be too late for me to take your naeket. for our post chaise \,ill be at tho door in nn hour. Jf the packet is verv Important von might send n messenger with it to catch tlie nie-lit coach as it passes through your villace. and had better direct it to ne on board the Bristol to the care of Messrs .Tnhnson and Ron. shipping agent«. High-street Portsmouth : they aro Hie agents for the Bristol, and will, no doubt, send off a boat in the ship to- morrow morning witli anv letters and parcels that mav come down by the nlffht mall for It" When the coach «topped at 2 o'clock in tlie morning to exchange horses at the village, a light cart was standing at the door of the inn, and a groom went up to the guard as he got down " Have you anv room ? A lady wishes to go on to Portsmouth." " I am full inside, but there are two or three places outside." " That will do," said the groom. " Any luggage ?" " Two portmanteaus ; there they are." " There is room in tlie boot for them," the guard said ; " help nie bundle them in. Where is tlie lady ? The coach will be off in a minute." . ** Laura Hinton rame forward. " I am ready," she said. "Now mind my instructions. William." she went on in a low voice to the groom. " Yon are to keep absolutely silent as to this until the day after to-morrow : then you are to give tho letter to Mr. Duncan. If he is very angry, as I dare say he will be, and turns you off, you have money to keep you comfortably until I return, and you will then continue in my service its before." " I understand, miss. They won't find anything out from nie until I give Mr. Duncan your letter." " Now then," tlie guard said im- patiently, " the horses are in." Laura climbed up the ladder to the roof, took lier place between two meh, who wea» both, as she saw. fast asleep, and a minute later the coaeli started. (To he continued, on Saturday.) 