GENERAL BOOTH; SOCIAL MISERIES AND THEIR REMEDY General Booth completed his course of public addresses In Brisbane last night, when he spoke on the subject of " Social Miseries and their Remedy" at a public meeting held In the Opera House, the building being crowded. The Hon. H. Toner, Colonial Secretary, presided, and there were also present on the platform the Revs. W. Whale, E, Youngman, H. Youngman, J. Bowes, and J. Williams, and Mr. and Mrs, Pinnock, Alderman J. A. Clark, and a large num- ber of staff officers of the Salvation Army. The Chief Justice (Sir S. W. Griffith), Mr. T. Finney, and a large number -of other prominent citizens were present. Mr. Tozer, vvno on rising was greeted with loud applause, said that four years ago he had had the opportunity of per- forming a similar function to the present1. Ile congratulated General Booth on his return to Queensland, and as a mem'ber of the Government he heartily welcomed him to this colony. It was, he felt sure, a source of satisfaction to atl of them to seo him back among them well and strong* The General had a message to give them that evening, and he (Mr. Tozer) had a message to deltvoi1 to the General, which was that during the time that he had been away his people had done good work, and disting- uished them selves as good colonists. They had proved a material help to the department of the .Government administered by him- self, especially towards those who were sick and in prison. The Prison Brigade, which had been established for some years, was doing splendid work, and year by year Parliament voted them a subsidy without a single word Of remon- strance. He could tell him (hat his Army were loyal and law abiding citi- zens, and fiom nil sources, ond njore especially from the police, he knew that the Government had their hearty co- operation. Tho subject on which the General wns about to address them was one of the deepest concern to all of them, and he hoped that the General would give them some infoimntlon as to the condi- tion of other places. Ho wished General Booth every success, and hoped that on lils return to England he would find all those thal ho had left well and prosper- ous. (Applause.) General Booth, who was greeted with a perfect ovation and frantic cheering and waving of handkerchiefs, said that ho was very glad of this opportunity of speaking on these matters, which he had very much at heart himself, and which were Intimately associated with the wel- fare of the whnlo colony. Hev thanked Mr. Tozer for his report of the conduct of his people ; and he was glad to have it from Mr. Toner's Ups. Helioped that Mr. Tozer would always find them loyal citizens, and speaking on (he matter of the subsidy to the Prison Gale Brigade, he trusted that the Government would double the amount of the subsidy in the future. The subject of social miseries and their remedies was a very large one, and his audience a very diverse one, whilst the topic was associated verv closely with the Salvation Army itself. Ile had nf.ten wished that he could come before his nudlences when talking ,of Army matters simply as a stranger, and dissociate himself from It. Yet he was a Salvationist from top to toe, and every hair 'of his head and every drop of the blood In his vpIus belongpd to the Salvation Armv. Ile believed In his own people and in his own concerns, and was proud 'of them ; and although he know thali'they fell far short In many things, h«r thought that they were the very best sort that God Almighty hod on this earth. The social miseries of which he was going to speak belonged to what was looked on as the lower sfrata of humanity. This class might be distinguished by their 'utter helpless- ness and hopelessness. A great many ppople who had given attention the matter of social miseries objected tn his remedios on the grounds thal thoy served only to postpone the inevitable great social revolution. He was proud to claim that b13 principles were not only ameliorative, but socially revolutionary. Four or five years ago he had 'gon'r? Outside Salvation Army work to look for sorrow, destitution, and misery, and he had found them In abunda ance. He looked at these evils and gave them a threefold classification : The wild, dashing sea of destitution, the miry morass of vice, and the outlaws of society-criminals. If he wished to do more than cause a momentary ripple of their minds and displace the business cares of life he must lead them with him, and show them these things. He must take them to look over the edge of tw pit and soo. the misery that existed. In addition toj those who were In the "pit there was a.t crowd all around the edge of the nnysi* whom a little shaking, a pro- longed strikte or drought, a failure of an employer, or sickness would destroy. He said to himself. Was there no way to help and avert this ? When he came to South Africa he said to his officers, " Go and make personal investigations, and see if here there are any of these vices." -His officers came back saylnç they were all there. Af Melbourne he told them to go and see if there were anV slums, and they carne back and told him that they had seen sights that almost beggared the scenes that Uley had just left. In America the slums of New York, Philadelphia, and many other cities were reeking with vice, and there was in that country a regular army of, no fewer than 100,000 tramps. Unless effectual methods were taken they would have a mighty harvest to reap in the future. Stories had been told him of drunkenness'among: shearers and people in the back blocks, and incidents in the. Uves of drunkards even within this cityi had been related to him that would make even angpls weep. He would pass on to a class whoso name was seldom men- tioned from the pulpit and platform wltji any degree qf pity-poor lost women and girls who had fallen. Poo'ple now said that ho must not smooth the pathway down to shame by ministering to the comfort of these poor creatures. God forbid ; he would that the pathway were rougher, bul what he desired was to make the pathway leading away from it smoother. All 1)*' asked for pooV men and women who had fallen in life was that they should bo helped on to their feet, a thing which a crowd would do even to a fallen cab-liorse. It was pretty we'l known that they had the largest refuge home In the world, and that something like 21,000 girls had been taken off the streets, and nearly S0OO were being * rescued iln England every year. It must not be supposed that all their work In this direction was confined to Great Britain, for they had a larger number of such institutions out- side, that dominion. He was now going to mention a class in which he was told he would find some of-hls own people shaky. If he found it so, he would shake them He proceeded to narrate the career of a man who, once having been Imprisoned, endeavoured to fight his way up in the world unsuccessfully, and being driven to further crime, had be- come a professional burglar. This man, after serving a sentence of twenty years' penal servitude, had been reclaimed by the Army, and had made the very pair of boots worn by himTelf that night. He could give them many instances, but he had not come to ask for their sym- pathy for the submerged classes in Great Britain, but rather for their own sub- merged classes, There was a good deal of talk nowadays of brotherhood, which was mostly hollow cant and hardly skin deep. If a flock of sheep fell down a pit in the neighbourhood of Brisbane, would not the people come lo assist them out, with their broken and maimed limbs, since they could not get out themselves V Why should It not be so for their fellow creaturos ? Sometimes Ive was puzzled by the Christianity he saw" on his travels. There wore times coming on this world that unless God or man interfered were terrible to contemplate. Not that these poor wretches of the submerged class were able to pull down the pillars of society : but there were other interests at work, and when the pillais did fall, then would come the terrible tide of these poor creatures. The ever-Increasing crowds of the submerged classes must be dealt with, and society must grapple with the question. No class of Bociety wau more Intimately associated with* the others than the bottom class ; for every, moyemont given to them would be felt'I by the others. Were these poor wretches ' to go on living and Jiatinting our con sciences with skeleton forms and all the ¡ ndjunpts of poverty and miseiy for ever? Now was the time for the nation to rise up and do something. If they wanted lo help these poor people they must relieve their immediate wants. That very day the Army had fed 30,000 hungry people UP and down the woild, and they did not demoralise by IndlRciiminn-te charity, as all receiving relief had to work. There was a shelter in Blaekfrlars-road whioh could contain 1000 men a night. He then proceeded to Illustrate and de- j scribe the accommodation in the Salva- tion Anny shelters. They must inspire these poor creatures with hope. These j people wore divided into two classes those who had gone down through mis- fortune, and those who had gohe down through 'misconduct. The latter were not the only wrong-doers in the world, they should remember ; for there wore | some vices by which men climb to fame, and such men wore more execrable In the sight of God than those of the lowest of the submerged classes. If a man or womnn were to plead for another chance, no matter how criminal, or how deba&ed; they were, it was their duty to help thom, and w«3 a plain Indication that God desired them to be helped, and he would ever do it. (Applause), With re- gard to the criminal class, the work de- pended more upon the workers than on the machinery employed, and the Salva- tion Al my had found that over 00 per cent of those who had come under their j caro were reformed, and were now earn- ing honest livings. They found that 75 per cent of the fallen women who critio under their caic wen1 induced to follow the paths of virtue. It was their inten- tion in the futuie to ask for legislative assistance in the direction of preventing men fiom falling into crime. It was neoossnry to lind a comfoi table and honourable class of work for these people | to do. The cry that there were too many men was fallacious. When he was in ?Africa ho found thom crying out for people. Ills scheme was to take those people and put them on the land. Ho had an estai e at the mouth of the Thames or which he was vcrv proud. Pour years ago he found a quantity of waste land lhere. He then went to Lou don, where ho found a lorgo number of waste men as well an large quantities of waste monev and waste manure. (Laughter."! He then mixed all these up together-(laughter)-and the result was a very prosperous farm. This farm or Industrial settlement he wished to make the nursing-place for the oversea colon- els. He had no doubt that in Ihecourseof three years they would bo able, to make their farm support'over 1000 mon, and pay 8% per cent on the capital expended. With regard to oversea colonists, ho must reply that at present he did not know what country he would select, Ile had looked all over the world, and he thought that he would go bnclc to his old love Africa, though he had not finally deoided. He believed that wherever that colony wns planted that a State would be crentod out of a people that as yet were not, and out of the love of God and by tho help of the Holy Ghost. They had Riven him £112,000. and he had gone to work and pushed the scheme along ; but tho pabilo had forgotten him, and had gone after something else. People said, " Where is the oversea colony ?" Well, he vvent on with lils scheme until he had spent £60,000 moro thnn he had rocolved. Ile concluded by earnestly emphasising the necessity of attending to the social work in those colonies, and resumed lils seat amidst loud cheers. Mr. P. Pinnock, P.M., proposed, and Alderman J. A. Clark seconded, a vote of thanks tn General Booth for his ad- dress, which was carried bv acclamation. A vote of thanks tn Mr. Tozer for pre- siding terminated the meeting. VISIT TO TUE MINISTERS' UNION A meeting of the Ministers' tinton was hipld, in the City Tabernacle yes- terday at which General Booth, with several members of this istaff, was "pre- sent by Invitation. The chair was oc- cupied by the president of the union (the Rev. G. D. Buchanan), and there was a large attendance of ministers. . The meeting was opened with devo- tional exercises, affer which the Rev. H. Youngman introduced General Booth, who wns received with loud applause, and said that the General had kindly accepted their invitation to be present and have a little talk with them, and he was quite sure that they were all very pleased to see him. The president said he had great plea *sure in extending to the General a most hearty welcome. They were very g}ad to have him amongst them, and they knew that be wouId stimulate them to further efforts. They had a Ministers' Union, composed of all the Protestant churches except the 'Church of England, and some of those did not call themselves Protestant churohes. They had seen the Salvation Army and Its work, and all desired to see and hear the General, and It gave them the greatest pleasure to welcome him, General Booth said he thanked them very much for their welcome and the desire that they had expressed to see and hear him. All the way through he had found the same thing. In these colonies, in Africa, and in America similar invitations had been received and accepted by him, and he had had some really good times, which cheered him forward again and again. The Salvation Army had been able to carry light, truth, and salvation to the multitudes of people who were under her flag, and he re- joiced when he thought of the fact. The Army had been as useful outside her borders as inside, and had given impulse and energy to other churches. As an agency only thirty years old it had taken hold of the masses and classes who had been to a large extent the despair of those who had been concerned with them. It was able to command to a large extent the respect of Governments and other agencies very often unfriendly towards religious bodies. Unity prevailed amongst them, and should prevail in all Churches. They say sometimes that in one town all the churches are united, whilst in another village there are four or five all hammering away separately, whereas if they were united one-half or one-quarter of the agents at work would be sufficient. But if all the churches were united look what an increase of the unemployed there would be. (Laughter.) Thirty years ago the Salvation Army was embodied in one individual, and out of that individual it has sprouted so that it is working amidst forty-five different nationalities, and is preaching the cause of Christ in thirty-two languages. In the matter of literature the Army had set an example to other churches, and stimulated them in this direction, since she now had a paper with a circula- tion of a million copies weekly. The literature of the Army was as purely a medium of gospel preaching and soul saving as the pulpit was itself. They would allow nothing in their news- papers that they would not have in the midst of their services. He proceeded to speak of the relation of the Army to other religious organisations, saying that he did not know any distinct instance in which the Army had been injurious or a hindrance to the progress of any other religious organisation. The Army, while they had received persons from other churches, had not to his knowledge ever taken a man away who was already employed in religious work. On the other hand, the Army had helped in thousands of cases, and had blessed and stimulated tens of thousands of members of churches. It had been the practice of the Army rather to direct their attacks on those outside of churches altogether. To what did they attribute the success of the Army movement ? The organisation had helped. The very government of the Army helped. That government, that autocracy and new Papacy as some called it, which went in the teeth of the times. An officer ordered something. There was no questioning. Right or wrong, the captain said so, and it was done. What could be done without dis- cipline ? So much was discipline re- spected by the officers that it had been found necessary to urge them not to be- come obedient merely in a mechanical sense, but to look at the work they were doing and consider whether there was not some plan by which it could be done in a more effective manner. No doubt the government of the Army was a great help, as was the discipline, and also the devolving of responsibilities on the officers. Again, the Army brought the women to the front, declared what every- body with sense knew - that a woman was as good as a man. Oh ! what work woman had done for them, and oh ! what work she was going to do. Their men and women rose in rank according to the aptitude for their work ; if they did not succeed they went down again. There were four or five general principles appli- cable to the success of the Army, and he was not sure whether they were not equally applicable to the churches round about. The General proceeded to refer to the necessity for religious effort owing to the vast num- bers absorbed in money-making, pleasure of gambling, and a thousand other things. There was the tide of vice to compete with outside, the tide of infidelity in the Church, The question arose, who was responsible ? People cried to the legislators for laws, to legis- lators, the great bulk of whom were atheists. Would they help ? Who were responsible for the salvation of the world ? The children of God. What did the ministers do ; go down on their knees to politicians. A great cry arose about prohibition : money was spent, and it was proved over and over again that three-fourths of the people were against the public-house, but then a power at the poll asserted itself, and successfully. The General summed up what he thought was wanted to further the cause of religion. A realisation that there was a God, a heaven, and a Judg- ment day, that there was salvation for all men. Possessed of that, a man would preach, would become a power. Consecration was also wanted, not mere- ly on the part of ministers, but on the part of the people ! Who, he asked, had set up two standards of living, one for a minister and one for his flock ? Men and women were to glorify God, and a real consecration of all their work on earth for that purpose was necessary. Let them all testify not only that their belief was attained from the Bible, but that their hearts were possessed of that belief from God. People argued about the truth of the Bible, instead of assum- ing that it was true. Their listeners know it to be so, if they did not argue with them. They should not approach the sinner with apologetic airs, and be con- tent with making a proposition for his salvation. That was not the way they would approach a drowning man; that was not the way they should attempt a rescue from the river of sin. They should insist on pulling the people out. The General's remarks were en- forced throughout with many telling anecdotes and other illustrations of his views, delivered with a demonstrativeness that carried his hearers with him. He was frequently applauded. The Rev. W. Whale moved a vote of thanks for the address, saying he doubted if any of them were wide awake to the desperate need of something being done to save the people from absolutely perishing, socially and morally. The people never had more need of salvation from sin than they had now. The vote of thanks was carried by ac- clamation. The General, in replying, urged an abolition of any feeling of rivalry or belief that some one was going to poach on the religious preserves of some one else. His feeling was that they were all one. 