CLARKE v, CLARKE. The Kogarah Divorce Case. To-Day's Proceedings, An Absent Wltness-Rcsoondent Ad-, dresses the Court. The divorce suit brought by Annio Clarke against her husband, the Rev. James Clarke, was resumed before Sir William Windeyer this morning. Mr. Ralston appeared for tho petitioner, and respondent appeared in person. On tho case being resumed, respondent asked that a witness, Dr. Buckland, who was called yesterday, should bo called. His Honor said the case was closed. Mr. Clurko reminded his Honor that he promised yesterday that the witness should bo heard if he came to-day. The witness was thon cailad, but did not appear, whereupon Mr. Clarke asked that a bench warrant might bo issued to compel him to coinc. His Honor said ho could not da that unless he had evidence on oath that tho wit ness had been properly served. Mr. Clarke tlieu went into the box and swore that ho had eerved the doctor with a subpama, and had given him hie guinea, which was his legal fare. His Honor then decided that tho esse should go on, and that a message should be sent to Dr. liucklaud in the meantime. Mr. Clarke asked whether some otber small matter— Chamber matter or otherwise- might not be taken m the meantime. His Honor said that would be incon venient. Mr. Clarke then proceeded to address his Honor. He said the issue in this eato was cruelty, which his wife said consisted of star vation for three days, also beating her from time to time j and also that alio was locked up from Ootobcr 17 until February 21\. To those issues lie had made definite replies. With regard to the statement of cruelty it all came to this, that the only 'thing which had been said to bo cruel at all, after a very strict examination, was some thing alleged to have taken place on October 17 and one or two following days, Thuro was only tho unsupported statoment of his wife, which varied in cross-examination. She never complained to anyone until he tried to get her back. Sho was forcibly removed from the vicarage. Thero was nothing to; corroborate her statement that ho had been cruol to her. There was nothing in. it except that they thought he was insane, and that it would be an oasy way to get rid of a husband. His Honor had to leave the beneh at this stage for a moment, and us soon as ho bad left Clarke made some remark lo his-wife, Mr. Ralston : You have no right to speak to llr.s Clarke, Mr. Clarke: She is thy wife still, till. we are divorced, . Mr, Raiston : You have no right to speak to Mrs. Clarke. . I will, mention it to his Honor. Mr. Clarke: Well, if I have no right tc do" it I won't do it. A considerable amount of, amusement' was caused by Clarke .yrnlking up and down the, courtroom whilstthe judge was out, and look ing at his wife. She thon drew a dark brown veil over her face. His Honor having resumed his sent on the. bunch, . , i Mr. Clarke continued his address. Ho said his wife starved herself through her eulks. Ho never touched her with a carving knife. She admitted ho gave hur "a' warm bath on tho Saturday night, and ho used the cold water to allay the hysteria. He understood something of medicine and medical treatment, and never required to get a doctor for himself at any time. He had not objected to some of the evidence given, ulthough he might have done so. He understood something of' law, but ho was there as a plain mnn, seeking justice. There were, how- aver, two or three points in the ease which he should probably ask his Honor to reserve for the Full Court. The statement that his wife was ill for eight days could nob -bo true, as it <had: been shown that she was during that time visiting certain houses in the neighborhood. Since she had left he had not had a servant in tho house, so as to' prevent anything being said, but he had done all the house work, also the work of his parish, and had acted as his owu lawyer, which could not certainly be taken as a proof of insanity. If he had not conducted his owu case he ahould have asked Mr. Ralston to do it for him, for he had certainly made, the most of everything, although . in sumo instances he (Mr. Clarke), could have' objected to some' of the evidence. : He then went on to contend that his wife was for- oibly taken away, and . that the flesh was torn from the wrist and tho bruise. was done on the arm when they were taking her down to the gate against her, will. The whole thing was as clear and palpable as any- tiling .in this world. .Everything bad -been raked up. They said that he was actually intoxicated one day. " Olio day—good gracious,' dear me," said Mr. Clarke, dramatically, " what struits they have been put to for evidence. Then, he continued, my wife wished to writo somethiug on a a piece of paper as though some thing dreadful had happened, and what did it amount to ? Nothing be yond tho usual marital rights." Then her sister wrote something on a piece of puper, and what did that amount to? " I want that made known." What was it? Why, simply that she was sitting on my knee iu the drawing-room." His Honor: You address yourself to me, sir, not to the audience in court. I am listening to yon. Mr. Clarke, continuing, pointed out that his wife was alwaya seeing ghosts and spirits, and ho was sure sho would have done away with herself, "I could tell tales," said respondent, looking intently across the court. His Honor: You will look at me, sir, and not address insulting remarks to your wife. Mr. Clarke; I was not looking at my wife, - your Honor. I ias looking at mother-in- law. (Laughter.)' Continuing, he said he had received vory unjust treatment all through. They tried to madden him, and ultimately took him to Callan Pork Asylum, where ho was put unjustly. Callan Park was really a gaol, and a very cruol gaol, a placo that men pointed at with horror and scorn. He thon went on to point out that tho law had dcciarod him to bo insane, and he was sent to Callao Park as ono insane, and ou that point alono this suit should be dismissed. What ground was that for separating hus band and wife ? Did tho law, having pro nounced him insane, now hold him morally responsible ? The suit should be dismissed, and ho should ho compensated for the cruelty and wrong he had suffered. Then again it was admitted that his wiio had not been out alone since Bho had left him. Did that show that she had her personal liberty, and could go and come at her own free will ? She had eworn a falsehood in order that her friends ahould not bo punished. Ho complained of being searohed as though ho carried firoarms to shoot— who? (ho askoa) "your Honor"— God forbid. Was it to take his own life? He was not such a fool ; and then, raising his left arm above his head, ha imprcsued his Honor with tho existence of One who wub a Judge of Judges, and painted out that at tho last day, when the shadows of this earth had passod away — then the truth, the wholo truth, and nothing but the truth of this case would bo made manifest to all men. His Honor then adjourned the case till 2 o'clock, so that Mr. Buckland might be in attendance. 