A Boy's Prank and Its Results. rancis was the boy's name, and Ada s his Friecisewas a bright, mischievous bo He was the head of his class in schol, but through his tricks he was always gettiao into trouble. Ada, his sister, was quite different,' being rather delicate-a very quiet, gentle girl. No brother and sister were eter more unlike, her almnost black hair, dark eyes and eillow complexion forming a striking contrast to his fair hair, grey eyes, and that mischievous look whichnever left his face. Francis liked to frighten his sister, and bring fond of reading ghost stories (the more fright ing the better), he was able to nick out one to tell his sister that would have made the hair of\ most people stand on end. - This night the wind was howling around the house, and Francis was telling, his sister a most terrifying ghoststtory. Whenhe 'had come to "Now, you silly thino f e uoreia ue seeing a ghost," her brother said. Bot Ada remembered the ghost all the next day. iEven in the afternoon it haunted her. The school was nearly a mile off, but that day they were lot out a little earlier than usual, in order to be home before it rained. A heavy thunderstorm was coming up. Ada had to go to the store for some groceries, and by the time she was half way home, she had tostop at a neigh bor's house for shelter from the storm. Francis had gone straight home. Down the rain came in torrents, lightning flashing everywhere. It was neasly dark when the storm was over. The water lay in pools on the ground. Ada had yet half a mile to go through a thick dense scrub. This was not all. A waterhole that she had to go past was said to be haunted. A few months before a tramp had beun found drownedinit. Since then, after dark, a tramp was said to roam about there. As shewalked along, the branches threw down showers of raindrops. The moon came up bright and clear, shining down between the branches. - The ghost story kept running through Ada's head. She quits expected to see the tramp's ghost. Trembling with fear, sh6e crept up nearer and nearer the waterhele. . " Oh ! If she only knew some other track than that past the waterhole." She dare not leave the narrow track, wihding A. ROUGH REMINDER. He said he wanted to milk the colwonce, just to remind him of the time when he was a boy n the farm himself. "Judge." in and out among the bashes. She knew no other way. . . Hark ! what was that noise ? Was not that something? Itmoied." It was not a stump, was it? She stood atill. No,it was onlya shadow. But-something further on, quite -white and motionless. The branches moved, aud the light fell on it. Only a bough of withered leaves. She started on again, when something sprang out from behind a bush. It stood against the dark background of leaves white and shrouded. The ghost! Slowly it raised its hand as if in warning. There it stood, white and motionless as a statue. For one moment did Ada stand trans fixed; then, with a terrified cry, she dashed madly away. But was not the ghost rather small ? Itlaughed. - To her the laugh was terrible, but in reality it was one she should have known very well. Spla shee was in the waterhole ! She hadru right into it in her frigh. The ghost's band fell, and he ran toward the waterhole. There was Ada, right in the middle, struggling. Down she disappeared. A few bubbles arose. That was all. The ghost saw this, and flung off the shroud. Now it was tho ghost no longer-only Francis, Ada's brother. Francis jumped in after his sister. But the waterhole was a arge one, and ho could not find her. He was frightened. What could he do ? If she was not found at once she would be drowned. He had only meant to frighten her. Had he killed hr ? It was regret as much as fear that haunted him. Troublesome ghosts both. As soon as he scrambled out he gave one look around. ,-If. shae weremonot. eved, and it weraknown he had played ghonTse swould Lgi-nto trouble ; hung, perhaps, ha thought. He thought he neddnot say anything about it. He snatched up the sheet which was now quite wet with the shrubs that at every breeze sent down a shower of rain with a pelter. Rolling it up under his arm, he ran home. He had never run so fast before. A number of shrubs grew beneath the gum trees, and everywhere the stag-fern and fallen logs covered the place. As soon as Francis reached home he threw the shroud in through the window. He had already made up the story he would tell bis.mother. She was preparing a supper for Ada. "Ada's fallen in the waterhole; she was running hard and fell in. I couldn't get her out." His father and a man off the farm ran off at once, but the waterhole was deep, and dark night had come, for the moon was again clouded. Years ago-for the waterhole was very old a large tree had crashed right into it, and some of its limbs still remained there. At last they got her dead body, and carried it home. Francis, when bed-time cne, was sent to bed. He had wrung the sheet a dry as possible, and put it in his bed. I Not a very comfortable bednor a very good rest. A damp sheet and a guilty Onscience. Horrible dreams of ghost and watorholes haunted him all night long. In the morning he was t that Ada was dead. c The thought of how bad brother he had 1 been kept running through himind. How he had always tried tbrighten her. If she had not fallen into t4 waterhole, they would most likely have quartled and made at up, and he would have thougl no more about t it. I That day the inqnest we held, and the Coroner asked Francs all sortof questions. This gentleman's sharp eji seemed to read his very thoughts, yet Frams was afraid to tell the truth. " _ \- Ada was buried, and Frandnlret bitterly. a He wanted to tell, and yet is afraid. The next morning he did t get up, He ?as too sick to leave his bed, and had a fever ioh appearance. In the afmernoon a began to ramble. A doctor was sent for. " Clearly a case of brain fever," he said.' He must be watched very closely, as there is no sayin~g what he m-y do." Francai kept on calling to Ada during the night. He bhelived she was there, heaping him with raproacheo. The next morning the doctor came again, and ,ave Francis a sleeping draught. SSoon after he sank into a quiet sleep, and his mother, who had been watching all night, took a short ret. Presently Frsnco wonke up. No one, he thought, in his delirium, was there but Ada. "o away, Ada; go away. I did not know you would fali in. I only meant to frighten you.' SHis mother, who awoke at the first sound, now started up, wondering. All of a spddr the truth flashed on her omind. He had often tried to frighten his sister. She harrier into his room, but he was not there. She looked out of the window. He was running ieto the scrub as hard as possible, with a sheet thrown over his head. She ran out, and acter him, calling to his father, who was working a little way off. Both gave chase. They did not overtake him until he had reached the fatal water-hol. As he now stood still they slackened their pane. ip out of the water-hole, it seemed to Francis there arose a figure. Francis folded the shee quite close atouat him, and bent over the water hole as if lo?ing for something. To his fevered fancy, it seemed that the figure threw back long, dark hair from its face. It was Ada o : Francis stobd sill--looking fixedly at the im aginary figure. Then, he thoa?ht, Ada called him. He made a start, and fell in head first, and immediately sank, bcing unable to steuggis on account of the sheet. His mother nod father rushed to the spot. His father jumprd in to save Francis. He could not find him at once, for to dive under the limb was decidedly dangerous, and when he' did at }fat find him anol threw him on the-b?nk,.ho "'Oh, how I swih I could seFailrylatid,"ssid a little girl, as she sat bhfore a window of a little ivy-covered cottage that stood in a valley. Presently she saw a small cloud descending. Atlastit dropped down to the ground and chasged into a-fairy. d "Lght," as she was culled, rame to Dolly and ssaid, " heard you wishing you could see Fairyland ' - "Yes," replied the girl. "For three moneths you must not lose your temper or got cros or angry. When your baby sister is troublesome kep her quiet. After that time, if you obey me, I will take you to ' Fairyland."' "I will try and do as you have said," answered Dally. SJust then she heard hermother call her. "I must go and see whatmather wants." "Bo quilr," said Light. And she disap. peered. "What do you want, mother'" asked Dolly. " Goand feed all the pet animals, then be quick heck aond learn your lessmons for to morrow. Dolly ran off to feed her pets, but though she called the pigeons for some time they would not: comab " Bother them, I can't stop waiting for them all night," said Dolly, angrily; and she was just turning away when she remembered what the fairy had said. "So she called again, and a large flock of pigeons came flyin" down to the ground to pick up the food which Dolly threw to them. Dolly became more gentle and kind, willing to help everybody. If she did getangry she was sorry for it im mediately afterwards and tried to be betternext time, so that the three months passed quicker than she expected. One evemng as Dolly was sitting by the same window she saw a cloud descending, and in a moment Light stood before her. "As you have done what I told you, you shall now see the wonders of Fairyland." "Light gave a soft call, and a large white bird few to the window. "Get on this bird's back," said Light. Dolly mounted, and the bird lhew to a tall, hollow tree, where the girl got off. Light took her by the hand, and they went down a long flight of steps, and into a large room, lighted up with all kinds of bright things, which dazzled Dolly's eyes to look at them. "Listen to the mudic," said she, "where does it come from." "We have two more rooms to go through before we come to that one." They went through the other rooms, which had beautiful books, and other nice things for the children who were good and patient, and for those who were kind to dumb animals. The two went up to another door, which was opened by a little man. He was Light's brother, Twilight. Light's sister, Dawn, was playmg on a large organ. Thin was the "Fairies' Mirror," and was placed in the centre of the room, so that all snllky and ill-tempered persons might see how ugly they were. Light and Dolly went out into a garden with a fountain inthe middle, whose waters made sweet music. A fairystood on a silver stand in the centre. She had long silver robes flowing around her. She was the most beautiful fairy Dolly had sooeen. The air was heavy with scent from the lovely flowers which grew and bloomed in the greatest "Tahee are some of the prizes which the good childrenreceive," said Light. 'Now are you satisfied with the wonders of Fairyland 2" "Yes," said Dolly. Lightgave another call. and the same white bird came and took the girl home. Just as she was off, she fell in the window, and woke up to find she had fallen off the bed. Dolly told her dream, and was ever after wards gentle and kind. 