'BOUT TOWN. (By ' A Gimst ') ' Hut that I'm forbid I could a tale unfold whose lightest word would h.irrow up thy soul.'— Shakespeare. Oh, what a week J W»« it really a u-eck? Seemed but an hour. An election, a show, a land meeting. Show again, banquet-, hall and the ^alF And one must no*v be dragged by a relentless liMiU-r once more to the ihe tread mill of every day life, without pi'V, wiUiuut remorse. -As we renew the cold loweib that enshroud our once in-issive, hut now slmUeivd intellect, our trembling hands feebly grasps the old familiar quilL and our disordered vision at once l-econi-56 a chaotic sort of p&naromu; of fierce political argument, four-iu-huuds, of monster woolly rums, chase Blanche over gigantic fences, hurrahs mingle with afler dinner eloquence, i ho villian sla'js all and sundry. Pass the ejda water please, and then as the dying cadence of the gentle strains of a waltz waft our spirit easily, the sweet halin of hurt minds ' is all but ours ; when lo ! that wretched insatiable cry for 'copy,' 'copy.' Oh 1 copy be ? Certainly, in half au hour at least. * * There you are. 1 told yon so. A majority of 205, and every one of them was got by Mr James M'Dowell. Alone he did it (the letter know ) I recognised his band writing ut once. Hashed it o(f in fifteen minutes. So full of da&liing; eloquence that it carried its stinoins iin-act of irrefutable 1 -g c far down into the very souls of people, until eveu Newton was heard to exclaim as his soul wrestled wit li it (the letter) iu fevered agony — 'Oh, M'Uottvll, M'Dow.ell, almost thou-pcrsuu-5e-l me to vole for Ashton.' We trembled when we aaW it, and after the election rose up iu wrath, tore it to shreds and patches, aud then danced on the pieces on the grave of M(L-o\vcll's ancestors. *- * You can talk about the fiscal question, the land question, or any other, hut tike it from me the strongest argument, in the minds of that majority was voiced like this : ' Well, anyhow, I've known Jimmy Ashton along time, and he gets my vote.' It's convincing you know. No matter, the fiat has gone forth, and the u Ghost' accepts the verdict, bowiug his head, raising his shroud and metaphorically lilting his hat to Mr James Ashton, honorable member for Hay, * * $ Aud uow, Mr Newton if defeated, yon are musl certainly uot disgraced t and we congratulate you upon the manly manner in which you conducted your side of the duel, iu spite of the alluring temptations to entice you off the track. Keep your eye on the political horizon, lay low, ''put money iu thy purse Cassio,' and wait, Well done ftlanche. Your indefatigable efforts on behalf of the Show did more than command their success— they deserved it. But why man could you not get something better than that poor devil of au organ grinder, with his- eternal waltz, which even uow rings iu my curs. Really, one could have almost stood the Temperance Baud in preference. Personally, I took great iuterest in all the exhibits— especially the one pre sided over by Mrs llalhish. The more one examiued it, the more it seemed to attract. ** Commend me to those athletic young men in the Rowing Club. Once removed from the baneful influence of that wretched ' Eagle Eye,' surrounded by the ladies, we' have them off the water, at their best. Cuuld any other fellows, upon a given night, gather around themselves such a galaxy of graceful and ethereal beauty, such bewitch ing torms and figures ; in fact uot only that, but the health, the wealth, the bone and iiiunJe of the community mingled and inter mingled into one grand klaidescopical picture of, of, picture of ? Well, anyway, it was the tip topest ball up to now. 'On with the dance, let joy be unconfined and if they did waut to have about forty iu a set and have a romp through the Lancers, surely Mr M.C. their merry laughter twas only adding zest to other feet. Never damp harmless fuu ; perhaps you thought it was a picked affair. Not at all, all were welcome that could squeeze in. The floor got a little heavy, but the music was good, and who could resist it. * * Eh, moti ! da ye no ken itB a prood thing in a mickle commuuity like this to ha mon nmnno- ..I.U ^nnirKG^rl »- aa triin the youug idea in the ways o' education that they can go straight doon to th' Sydney 'Varsity and pass the examination like young Smith ha* just dun. Its a gay thing for Grant to accomplish sa muckle io sa short a time. Do 1 mean Doual' Grant? Na, na, altho' I'll allow there be folk as say he's uo so had at rearin' sheep and lambs audia' that ; but na, na, its Maishtcr Grant, the school maister, ye kcu I'm speaking' of. Do yc no rcr-l the papers and see that young Smith passed the 'Varsity Exam., aod the same as no been done here befair by auy ither tptor. *** The preseuce in our midst of some clever horse tamers believed to be 'due to a malicious aud deep laid scheme of our medical fraternity. The old time worn out dodge of an innocent looking piece of orange peel drooped promiscuously on the pave ment just outside the surgery won't work here, simply waste of time. It would ho lost in the recesses of the mud. But the captivating manner in which the professor and others sbakebands, as it were, with the hind legs of most viscous looking colts, induced us to experiment on our own. Hav ing arranged privately with Mr John Finnigan, for a consideration, he undertook tp. instal his fiery untamed cab horse unos tcntaciously to our hack yard, and we started, t-o apply our newly acquired knowledge in t-he taming line. The brute firmly but gently repulsed our best aimed approaches, and it was not nntil armed with a carrot we triumphantly reached his head. Then seizing a favotahle moment, we slid to his business end. and In a real artistic manner, as we thought, grasped him by the near side hind leg. He raised that steam hammer, and the doctors are now confident that under theirakilful treatment we shall be about agaiuby the time the fever season -sets 