LADIES' COLUMN. HOW TO SELECT A HUSBAND. For a man’s birth look to his linen and finger nails, and observe the inflections of his voice. For his tastes study the color as his ties, patterns and hang of his trouaers, hia.friondat andhia rings, if; any,; Forhia propensities walk round andi look' carefully’,df' the back of Uis head, nndrc morqbor, never marry a man whoie .neck so,Ifttle his collar. If yoii want a successful, see that' he has a neat foot, pdje will,-move quicker, ■ gets oyer; obstac’ 63; faster than. a man who fal's oyer ,his osyn toes and (rips up. other fol)ts with ’ytb too. ;‘.;.Fpr his breeding notice Jits conduct, to his mother and sisters, and His- : usual IbehaVior. to the' female sox. All this* being satisfactory, the marriage tio ; - may be considered,' . . ; , THE CHAMPION BRIDEGROOM. , America produces many champions, but her latest -perhaps is the beat effort the spited States haS /been-credited with for a very long-time. TheJNew York correspon dent of a,'Melbourne -paper relates that James Clark,,who is , sixty yeara.of age, and, possesses only one arm, has married 69,wives, most of whom are still alive (o tell of the perfidy of the ancient gay de ceiver. Clark’s modus operand! was to marry, any woman who .would have him, young or old, prepossessing or otherwise ; so long as*the bride of the hour possessed some means the marriage bells rang out, and the happy; couple were joined. A brief honeymoon of from 24 to 48 hours ensued in most oases,, and then the much married man ruthlessly fractured the silken strands by (he simple process' of levanting with the lady’s jewels and other property. Ho was not, at, all particular in the matter of nationality, and ot last he secured a smart newlyrlaoded French woman, who was speedily, made Mrs Clark the sixty-eighth. They went to. Niagara, and (be bridegroom loft the rost. a few hours after their arrival;,taking everything he could.lay his hands. on. The French lady at once issued a warrant, which was smartly executed, but not before the one armed Adonis-had taken unto himself another wife. As-sopn as; the story got abroad grass widowed wives of all shapes, sizes, and ages ; pretty wives, ugly wives, tall wives, short wives, all manner of womankind In fact, turned up to confront the bridegroom like the ghosts of an un» buried peso, .The consequence is that a cleans shaven,, one-armed old gentleman- with a strong cast in one eye languishes in durance vile, and his victims are enjoying a great revenge ia the knowledge that lie cannot marry any more horrid women, America would appear to be a very easy country to get married in. According to the experience of the amorously acquisitive Clark, what the matrimonial advertise ments term "marriageable ladies with moderate means ’ appear to hang cherry ripe by the wayside ready to fall into the conjugal state at a nod from a one-armed swain with an eccentric oy«. Perhaps it was the eye that 1 fetched’ the ladies, or mayhap the beautifully simple manner of dissolving the bonds through the Divorce Court may have something to do with tho readiness of the sex to plunge into wed» lock. RENOVATING CLOTHES. If n suit begins to look shabby, with the trousers * baggy * at the knees, it needs the following tieatraent :—First lake the vest. After brushing it lay it oni the ironing board ; remove all grease spots with benzine; sponge in clear water, smooth nicely, cover with a piece of thin clean cloth, and press thoroughly with a hot iron. If the-wrinkles are ‘ well set ’ wet the cloth and press until dry. Sponge and press the coat ia the same way. Avoid miking folds in the sleeves of the coat, and do nob let the hob iron touch the clothes. Now for tho trousers. Fold them smoothly on the board so that the leg seams come together, and there will be a fold in the middle of the front of (he log*. That fold .is one of fashion’s fads. After, folding the trousers smoothly, turn back-one- leg, sponge ’the inside of the remaining one, and prSss according to directions for coat and veib. To leraoye the ‘baggy ’ look from the knee, it is well to hold the bottom of the trousers firmly in the hand while pressing. Now turn down tho other leg, turn the trousers over and treat the inside of the other log the same as the first. Press in turn the out« sides in the same way, after which lay the waist of tho garment back downward and sponge and press the fronts until all wrinkles are removed., This Ireatment, if properly administered, will make a pair of well worn trousers look quite as good as new. TABLE ETIQUETTE. Gloves are not to be worn at tho table under any circumstances. No argumentative or in any way un pleasant topic should be broached at tho table. There should bo no difference between ‘ company manners ’ and those in daily use. The napkin,, is not folded, but is simply crasbcd and laid besido tho plato on rising. Coffee may be served at.any time daring breakfast, but should come at the end of dinner. Do not overload the plate of a guest, or press upon anyone that which he has onoo declined. Remember tho maxim of Confucius— 1 Eat at your own tabic as you would at the table of the King.’ Never say or do or countenance in others the saying or doing of anything rude or im polite at the table. Never notice or comment upon any ac cident, but render unobtrusively any as sistanco which may be necessary and possible. The side of the spoon is to be placed in the mouth except in the case of a man wearing a moustache, when tho point of tho spoon should lead the way. Whore wine ip served at dinner it may be declined without breach of courtesy, and should no more than any other artiohir be pressed upon tho guest. Teach tho children to oat at the table with tlu-ir elders, and td do it in a digni fied manner. It is Impossible to foretell what moment may require them to exem plify their homo training. - ’ USEFUL INFORMATION. • Clean piano keys with a soft rag dipped in alcohol.” Butter put . into- clean pots and well surrounded with charcoal will keep good for 12 mouths. Hang Urass candle, sticks before a mirror eo that .they oan reflect the light. All traces of mud can easily be removed from black clothes by rubbing the spots with n.raw potato out in half, \- Make the under part of a sleeve double, so that it oah be, darned, as this part wears out sooner (bah the upper. : : Expose pieces of iclotU io tiro sun, before making, into patches,'.so that they may.be the same color as the partly-worn garment, '-v Btoel knives .used for cutting ; bread, meat, or anything for which a sharp knife is needed, should never be used |qr stir ring or cooking anything in hot grease; as it takes off;the cdg(v ’ - ti . It; improves su iron holder to place betweo tithe folds a piece of-thick brown; paper,:; the beat does not-penetrate to the. bonds sp quickly, For the outside.of the; j holder use.good;, strong liuon ticking; p. Pillow slips should be ironed, instead of cross wise, if one wisheo to iron; wrinkles-pat insteod.of im . ■ ■ V ;• ■’ Before beginning to fold .ojpthwiVor oven: to bang> thoraoatont/liolino t put on ,a clean, apron ifyou -wish to bdvo- the clothes, entirely clean.: there is always a ■ chance of olotheS' Vripitljg Boaje thing? Iroinp any thing soiled) with* tohiobi lithey may /"rr * v. To preserve : the strength of tile'coffee' while'll iipmaking,replug -the nose .of- the coffee/pot with _a : -Wttd o£ , brown paper. Egg shells willdean - vinegar bobllos as well as shot, and they, possess the advan tage of - being always at hand in every kitchen. . ' . Shirt'fronts,never blister if starched on the right pid'', but it tier are the wrong aide out when s’arched they are apt to do •so. "Pour mixed starch Into boiling water, instead of ‘pouring bpihng water oh th •starch, in -tint way never using more starch than is necessary, as Oio simple • starch and v/ater can be saved. * V , - USEFUL. 'RECIPES. ' ' Gropes, may be; chrystallised as follows;:—Ptoco a-saucepan partly filled ! wi J h water on the stove,, and in it dissolve eooueh'alutn to' make-it of sufficient .density to bear am egg; let (his boil, "Take off the saucepan, , and lay your rgtasses (dried, and tied in bunches to suit the fancy) in the water. When the water is perfectly cold - lift out the bouquets, and you will find them a mass of beautiful crystal. To Cleanse.. Paint Brushes from Dried in Paint, —Suspend tho brush in a tumbler ,oontaintngvabsolution of one part of crystallised sodium carbonate in three of water, in such a manner that it hangs several inches from the bottom of the tumbler/\Lfil it stand from 12 to 24 hoars, in-a moderately warm place. The dried paint will be softened so much that it can easily lie. washed' out with soap and water. Brushes which have b come as hard as stone can be restored by this pro* .cess. , . VTo Glean a White Felt •—•Remove all grease spots first, either by washing in a hot solution of soda or sesquicarbo nate of ammonia, Then cover the hat with a>paste made ofpipo-olayand water, tempered with while, precipitated chalk. When dry 1 , rub aad brush it off, Parchment Paper. —Immerse blotting paper for a second or .two in dilute sulphuric acid, then rinse repeatedly in several changes of water, and hang it up to dry. When dry it has a crumpled or wrinkled appearance ; this can be re moved by-wetting it upon a glass .plot*, edges being made to wrap over the plate. 