? OHAPFUR V.-Tim WEHIIINOV IT WHS n lovely morning in .Tune ono of those Mays that resemble : Spring rntlmr than Autumn, so full aro they of buoyancy and promise. Tho sun shone brightly down on hill and vale, /ind on tho winding Derwent, whoso broad, glassy bosom rof l neted its rays. Tho air, heavy with tho perfume of flowors, was also musical with tho .Bong of wild birds, the low, drowsy buzz of winged insects, and now there floated on it also the cheering melody of the old church bells, which were ringing for an approaching wedding. ~ Yes ! it was Charles Bradney's wedding day. The carriages were already waiting at the door to convey the party to church ; and yet, silent and thought- ful, the bridegroom stood within the niche of ono of the library windows, palo as a ghost, and replying vaguely to such remarks as were vouchsafed to him by passing friends. At length, attended by her brides- maids, Edith Moore entered the room. She was attired in simple muslin, white as snow, and wore a long lace veil, which nearly draped her person. Tho fair smooth brow, and the glossy tresses of her raven hair, were encircled by a wreath of violets and orange blossoms, and as Bradney gazed upon her he thought ho had never seen her look so pretty and interesting before. Meanwhile in the suburban, we might almost call it village church- yard, crowds of people had assembled to be present at the ceremony, j Tho winding pathway that led from tho outer gate to the old, ivy I wreathed porch was carpeted and strewn with flowers ; flags hung from the summit of the battlemented .tower, rustling to tho vibration of the crashing bells, and two or three gracefully constructed arches of ever- greens spanned the narrow street up which the carri« ces would havo to drive. At last a buzz amongst the crowd intimated thntsomcthing was coming. Tho head of the bridal cortege was in view, and a minute later a carri- age whirled up to tho gateway, and Charles Bradney, with three other gentlemen, got out and entered the church. And now the other carriages drove rapidly np, a ringing cheer greeted the bride as she passed into tho church leaning on her father's arm ; and then tho spectators poured in after them, to secure good seats from which to behold tho ceremony. Amid that multitude there was one sad and lonely spirit, one pale though lovely countenance, that seemed out of character, at such a time and place. Though her heart felt bren king, an irresistible power seemed to force lier to enter the church, and behold tho marriage of him whom she still loved ns fondly as ever. So, gliding unnoticed into an ob- scure back seat, as far away from the rest of the observers as possible, she watched tho chief actors in tho scene, while sho deemed that herself was effectually hidden from view hy ono of tho pillars of tho aisle. She fancied that she had schooled her feeling to no emotion, but the deep, impressive tones of the old clergyman, and the sight^ of him whom she had so long considered as her own, now plighting his vows to another, re-awakened tho agony of her soul, and sho wept bitterly. At last her feelings became so in- tense, that she felt that she must leave the church in order to avoid giving them expression, and she rose for that purpose. At this moment there foll upon her car the clear manly accents of Bradney's voice, as ho repeated the solemn, words, " With this ring I thee wed, etc.," and placed tho ring on Edith's linger. Those words told her that he was torn from her for ever-thnt an im- passable barrier was raised between them. With trembling fingers she essayed to unfasten the pow door and escape; but oro she could do so a giddiness enmo over her, and with a low moan she fell backwards insensible. The noise of her fall caused many people to look around, and a few of them going to her relief, they carried her out of the church, her long golden hair trailing in all its sunny glory along tho cold pavement as they boro her a way. It was at this moment that tho bridegroom, looking around, uncon- scious of what was the matter, recog- niser! her. All his old affection returned on the instant, and springing to his feet, ho grasped the altar rails for support, and exclaimed'wildly " Stay tho ceremony ; read not another word. She is dyiug, and 1 am her murderer !" Murmurs now arose on all sides. Bradney's friends endeavoured to calm him, in order that the service might be concluded. Edith, astonished and horrfiicd at his conduct, knelt pale and trembling on the altar steps, and thu venerable rector said iii a grave, impressive voice "You aro already a married man, Mr. Bradney ; kneel down that 1 may give tho benediction, and the service will bo concluded." The young man, without another word, obej'ed. Ile saw that his repentance had como too late. Tiie golden chain was ri vetted around his heart ; there was no escapo now. As if in a dream ho again sank on his knees, and buried his faco in his i hands. ¡ From this attitude ho «ever moved j unt il thu service was over. Then, lucchniiiciiliy, ho rose to his feet, i.tnd, offering Edith his arm, led her from the church, and, in silence, banded her into the carriage. When the wedding party returned | to Ness House, a "complete damp seemed to have fallen on their spirits. Tile breakfast partook moro of tho , nature of a funeral ropast, for the' bridegroom's countenance still bore im expression of tho dcopest dejec- tion and melancholy, while tho ; blanched cheeks and tear-dimmed ;cyes of tho brido sufficiently indica ¡ ted her mortification at the past, and fi-ar lor tho futuro. But the worst was yet to come. Bradney, in order to drown the agony that was consuming him, par- took freely of wino. At last it began to mount to his head, his silence changed into_ bois- terous merriment arid coarse wit. The gentlemen present burned with indignation, the ladies rose to leave tho table. Then Edith's father also sprang to his feet, and, maddened by his son-in laws conduct, knocked him down. Edith could endure no more; with a piercing scream she fainted, and in that condition was borne from the room. _ Charles rose from the floor, his countenance livid, and his eyes glar- ing with passion. Uttering a yell, he sprang at Mr. Moore, and in turn threw, him heavily to the ground. He would have strangled him, had he not been pulled away by his friends, who at last induced him to leave the apartment. Meanwhile a medical man was summoned to the bedside of the young bride, whom no efforts of her friends could restore her to conscious- ness, and when at last his endeavours were successful, she recovered only to an utter and apparently hopeless misery, which she vainly sought to alleviate by tears. And the wedding guests took their departure, sorrow for the fate of the bride.and indignation for the conduct of tho husband, filling tho breasts of all. 