void! OF THE COUNTRY. Views of the Press. t A " Mongrel " Manifesto. "Nonsense and Bombast "—Burking the Issues— Trenchant Condemna- tion of the Government— The Country Speaks Out. I "The present Ministry is not animated by the least atom of patriotic feeling. It exists in the interests of a thoroughly selfish cliquo, who caro not one jot for the country, whose whole and oniy aim is to grind all tho money they possibly can out of the people." — Jnnee Democrat. That tho venerable candidate (Sir Henry Parkes) on the side of sale and reputable government will poll well no ono can dis pute. An increased activity on the part of tho friende of his opponent will, no doubt, show that in the estimation of Ids enemies he may poli too well altogether."— Bathurst Advocate. " The Ministerial manifesto is chiefly re markable ior itB mis- statements, 'high- iaiutin ' nonsense and bombast.— Muswell- \- brook Rsuistkr. "The manner in which tho Coal MinsB Bi bis "teen "dealt with, and -tho refusal, fo years together, to accept the moat trifling compromise in disputed points, show that the Government are not sincere on the matter, and that thoy aro well content to let the subject remain, year after year, on open one, in order to obtain political capital in the coal-raining centres." — Newcastle Herald. : ' " Had Mr Reid appealed direct to the poople on his policy oi free-trade and land and inoomo taxation it . would have been met with a straight-out protectionist opposition, and the electors, given an oppor tunity of Voting to Settle the voxed question, and so confer upon tho country tho com mercial peace it is longing for. This evidently would not suit. Mr, Heia'e book." — Armidale Express. " If Sir Henry Parkes or Sir George Dibba had gone about during an clootion campaign promising thut work shonld be undertaken locally in every constituency visited we Bhould certainly havo heard many spirited criticisms by Mr. Reid of a policy oi bam boozling llio eleotors, and confusing the issues of the election by promises of plenty of roads and bridges."— Newcastle Heiuld. " Most of the unemployed are working onn day a week at the Centennial Park for pro visions, and of course they do not liko it. Most of them feel that it is degrading. What is the remedy .proposed by the Go vernment! Employment on railways aud other works, to he constructed with bor rowed money. Really, tho remedy is as bad as the disease,, it is like - putting a soothing plaster on a cancer. Clarence and Richmond Examiner, "Tho term 'd cold-blooded Scotch doctor ' is probably not. a libel from a strictly legal point of view, but in tne dis cussion of matters of State business tho temperaturo of a man's blood or his nationality might with advantage have been allowed to stand out. Dr. MacLnurin will probably 'say that a cold-blooded bar rister ' ihinks little of the poverty aud misery which will be caused to thousands of workers when the Ministerial policy comes into - full operation".— Newcastle Herald. " We are told by those .who stand in the Ministerial interest that the real issue be fore the electors is not froe-trado or pro tection, .but reform of the Legislative Council. This issue has been made by Mr. Reid, because he thinks it is more likely to arntiBA the conntrv. and train for hiln a majority at the polls. The cry iB as in sincere as it is unnecessary, and no better \- evidence could be obtained than the mon grel scheme of reform ha has put before the country. Tho Legislative Council is ar raigned for having thwarted tbo will of the people. Let us grant that it has done so, bat let us not at the tamo time forget that it has been incited to do so, not by the Opposition or by tho Torios, not by tho foes of the people, but by the very Government which now goes round the country denounc ing it."— Dubbo Despatch. "If Mr. Uarruthers had had tho grace or good sense to have been born into the light of protection he would have been one of the most useful legislators New South Wales ever possessed. With one hand this fine young legislator holds out the most tempting inducements to our rising generation to be come husbandmen, and with the other, in common with bis colleagues, he bids the nations of tho world send in their cheapest stock to fill and over-fill our marltotB, so that there might be no ghost of a bIidw for tillers of the sail in Now South Wales."— (Cootnmundra Liberal, "If the prosperity of the people is to depend solely upon the introduction of 'a vigorous policy of publio works,' it ought to be remembered that ibis- is a very old system indeed, and ono vrhiuh ie capable of being greatly abused. Tbo mere face of Newcastle being a beneficiary cannot blind the eyes of its peoplo to the fact that they will have to make up for auy unsound financing or blunders iu publio works which may be perpetrated at a long distance from their city."— Newcastle Herald. "Metropolitan journnis which havo, times out of number, discreetly defended the Legislative Council on the sole gronnd that that body waB mainly composed of free-traders are now howling for itu recon struction because it has shown that it doeB nppreoiate its responsibilities to the coun try, and has so muoh the courage of its opinions that it has set its face Bternly against the clamor and the . claptrap of ccr- ' tain sections iu the Assembly."— Lismore Chronicle. ' ' ; " Up to the prosont no Ministry, has dated tc say to tho electors that if tb'ey do not choose to come dawn to the level of tbo wage- earners ot Europe they must take the cousequeuoes.' But that is ' the practical moaning of the action proposed lo be taken by the Ministry with regard to the tariff. It is for the eleotors to . say, in tho most effective fashion, what they think of that proposal, -Newcastle Herald. 