IW TUE SOUND OF THE MILL WHEEL i A SKETCH. By tUe RET. S. BlRlNG-GOULD. Author of " Míhalíh," " John earring,** " Cou-t Royal," *' Cheap Jack Zi a," &o.; [COPTRIGHT.] Every-manor had its mill, and coner*., qnently there is hardly a villtage without one. The lord of the manor had certain rights over the mill and over his tenante, who were required to go to his mill and nb other. ß... . The mill is usually a very picturesque I adjunct; to the scenery. It is frequently an old..building; it has ancient tree« standing around it j there is the mill pool, the sluice, the wheel, and the foaming waters discharged over it. The miller himself is a genial figure, dusted with flour, his face lighted up with the consciousness that though all.the rest qf the parish may «tarve, that will not hr. And the miller's cottage is almost al ways scrupulously clean and well-kept, I have' known many mills, bnt I never knew a slattern among miller's wives, never saw a huga-mug condition qJL affairs in the miller's home. Tbs miller anciently did not stand over well with the best of the villagers. Ho ground the corn of the farmer and the gleanings of the poor, and took his toll from each sack, his fist full and moro than his due, so it was said. The miller's thumb was a big thumb, and his fist bad a large grip. There is a song sung throagh the length and breadth of England that pretty well expresse? the feeling with which' the miller was regarded There TOB a miller, aa you shall hear, Iiong time he lived in -shire, i He was took eiok and deadly ill, And had-no time to write his will. Sobs balled up bi* eldest son ; \- Said&e; " My glass is well nigh run, If I to tbee my mill shall make, TeU mo what toll, to Ure thou'lt take." The eldest son replies that from avery bushel he grinds he will take a peck. V. «« Thou art a fool," the old man said, 41 Thou has not half learnt out thy ¿ade. /. My mill to thee I will not give, h por by snob toil no man san live." .Then he calls up his second son* and inf orme 4tim¿ that his glass being almost rita, he desires to kan» of him On what priuclplrbe will wondnot hnrinssalnW i'-A*'-. I - i< 'Vi ' ,--*!.,?» -iJ'A-1,'1" o' i-r"'^?, . , 'i-.-, ? ; ? ; . ; , ,? -- *-m,,' :>v^ .-' - ? . \ . ;?,tí» -yiW-.^.r... ... . . . v ?'Ly . ;-i-Äv:Ä« «vent of his bequeathing his mill to him. The second son replies V " Father, yoe know my rame ia Ralph, From every bushel IM take a half ; . :, From every bushel that I do «rind, That I may thus a living find." To which the dying man replies as he did j to the first son : *' Thoo, art a fool," t ie old man* said, ' "'Thou has not half learnt out t^y trade, Bty mill to thee I willnot give, For by snob toll no mau can live." Then he calls np his yonngest son and puts to him the same question lie had pitt to tho two elder brothers. The youngest is qnite prepared for the occasion. :l\ *. Father, I am your youngest bp.*-, Tn laking to'l is all my joy, Before I would good living lick. Td take»'the wb<l*-f jrewe<t tbs «aok>" ..Thou art the boy," the old roan said ;v *For thoa ha^t full karn di out the trade. trt> The mill ia thin«," th« old mah cried.v He laughed, gave up the ghost; and died. But it was not only that^ the miller was supposed to 'take mere than his due of grain, he was sbspecte^l ?of taking what was not hfs froni the lips of the girls and wives, who came with their sacks of coartó the mill to have it ground. The elment of jealousy of (he miller breaks out in a great many «onntry songs. The good nature, tito .joviality, the cleanness of the inkier, |0> doubt made him apersona grdid to.this fair sex in the village, sud those ? wj|o could not rival him revenged themselves in lame poems and artificial song. . Bnt for all that he was regardbd .with suspicion, there was a sense of something iictureaque, romantic, about thev mUlat, le was a type of the genial, self-reliant Englishman; and the writer of tbe well known song of the Miller of Dee: hil buk, to a nicety:- - -''K -'--et'' "There was a jolly miller once lived- by the River Dee; He worked and sang from morn tilj nigh>; no lark more blyth than be, - >* And this the burden of his song for ever need tobe, I earefor nobody, no, not I, if nobody oates forme." This favourite song was snug in * Tiove in ' a Village ' in lïfiji,-but one . verse only; the entire song d$es not appear in priut till twenty years'later iii the ' Convival Songster.' That the miller is a shrewd man appears from snob songs and plays ss the ' Miller of Mansfield.' So also the miller's daughter forms a topic for many a story, play and ^song, never with a sneer, always spoken of witb admiration, not only because^ she goodly, but a type of neatness, and * clean* linens comes next fpo godliness.' The neïv Machinery and steam are fast displacing ' ihB old mills that were turned, bywateft and the old dusty miller is giving placé to the trim gentleman who does most cit the -work in tho office, without ^whitening bis coat. I know an aged miller and his wife who had been ;for years occupying a.1 quaint old fashioned mill of the simplest con- struction, -and which answered all pur poses required io the village. But a few years ago a new venture was started--a gnat mill worked by stearn; and with electric lighting thrungli it, and now hardly any corn is sent to the ancient mill thet is crumbling and rotting away, and the old people ere decay! og within it. ' Themas,' said I one evening over tho fire to this miller, * how long have yod been married P' 'Fifty years nest Michaelmas.* < 'Aaa when did you court your wife? 1 When did you find the right onef - . ' Lor bless'y, sir. I can't mind tue time when we weren't courting each other. I believe we began as babbies: We koo wed esch other as long as we koowed noy thing at all. We went to school together-we lamed our, letters together, and we growed np together.' 'And when did you first think of muling her yours P' 'Bless'y, sir; I never first thought ott lt at all, 1 never thought other from the time I began to think but that it must be .»it wor ordained so.* * Have you children P' * Tes ; they bs all out in the world and doing well. We haven't to blush for any of them-men aud maids all alike respectable.' .V .Then you ought to be very happy.' ?.. 'I reckon we ought, and we would be but for that new mill.' ' It is spoiling your custom P' - ' It is killin' of as old £olks¿óut. :'|t isn't so much that we gets no g|bidhi&ï mind, but it leaves me and my Same ijvjrç no means in our old age, and we don't hke to go on to the childer, and we don't.ii kjs to go into the work'us. There it is. ^Kö did reckon on being able honestly ta ijge| our bread for ourselves and ax nobody tp% nothing. But now this "ere new mill, w& the steam ingens and the electric; light-% someone mast pay for all that, and who ii that but the customers P I've no electric light here, water costs nothing-, Coal* lotta twenty-one ebUlinga a ion::- aud it ' takes a^gm deal'd! eoWto iagén march, payador xh>:iiqkw ? ? ' *'4i *-,i#v-«.->:'o.-7>/«'-!i '? v...*-..'.- .. .?'?th--: %,i±'\\.r ??.??.-'Mi Who pays for the electric light P The cuBtomers get the flour at the esme price as I send it ont with none of them jan gangies. How do they manage it P I reckon the com in tampered with-there's white china clay or something put wi' the floor. It can't be dono otherwise. But I reckon folk like to say, " Our flour corned from that there mill worked wi' steam and sifeed hy electric light," and if they hare thoBo things, then. I say they can't haye pare flour. So it must be I think, but folks think I am an old stoopid and don't understand nothing. All I can say is that I can turn out wholesome flour, and uiver put nothing in but corn-grains, and turned ont nothing1 but corn nour, wheat and oat and barley/ The day of the golden wedding of the old couple I visited them. I made a point of this, and brought them some little comfort. I found them very happy. A son and a daughter had taken a hcliday to see their parents and congratulate them. The parson's wife had sent in a plum pudding, the squire a bottle of old port. Several friends had remembered them-even the' miller in the new style, who had electric light and steam power, bad contributed a cake. There were nuts and orauges-»bnt ¡ perhaps the present which gave mont "gratification was a doll, sent by a grand- child with a rough scrawl. I supply the stops to make it intelligible. Dear Q-randada and Granny,-At skool, teacher said old pipple go into a sekond childood. So has you be so tremehjous old yon must be orful babies. 11 Itiuk you will want a doll, so i scuds you wuu, with mutch love, and i drest the doll myself. Hover yors, dear grandads and granny. fiOBIK. Though tbo village mill usually almost always-presents a pleasant pic- ture in one's memory, a picture uf cheer, fulness and content, of good nature and neatness, it is not always so. I remember one mill which always carries with it a sadness whenever I recall it. Not that the mill was gloomy in itself, but that the story connected with it was such as to make one sad. The miller, whom we will call Pike, was unhappily somewhat inclined to drink. He was not an intemperate mau at home, far from it ; and in bis mill, at bis work he was always sober. But when ¡ie went to market, when he got among boon com- panions, he was unable to resist the temptation of taking more than was good for his head. He did a very respectable business, and .turned over a good deal of money, and was altogether a ' warm ' man. One day he went to market and gathered in there several debts that were owing him, and' put all his money, amounting to tweoty--five pounds seven- teen and sixpence, in a poach nf leather, tied a bit of string round the neck, put it in his pocket-that of his overcoat as it happened, and not in bis trousers or his breast pocket- anc/monnting his tax cart, drove home. The evening bad closed in, and part of his way was through a wood, where the .shadows lay thick and inky. Whether it were that lie had drunk too much or that the road was too dark to see his way well, I cannot say, but it is certain that the miller was upset and flung into the hedge. Just then np came a workmen, a man named Richard Crooke, who caught the horse, righted the cart, and helped Pike the miller, into his seat nguiu. Pike was shaken but not hurt. He was confnsed in his mind, however, so mnch so an to fail to know who had assisted him, aud to thank him for it. On reaching home he at once put up his horse, and entering his house, and going: upstairs, took off his overcoat, found it was torn and in a shocking condition of dirt, wherefore he threw it aside and went to bed. {Concluded in our next.) 