A Post Too Late. THE shadows deepened into twilight. The sun had been red and fiery in the vest, and now only the palest glow lingered, like the ghost of the vanished glory. A white sickle of a moon scarcely lit the eastern sky, and the great con- gregation of the stars were not yet risen. A man from far-off New South Wales sat moodily upon a log and looked towards the east. He had been three years in Coolgardie, struggling in one way and another to cajole fortune, succeeding sometimes, failing sometimes—oftener, indeed, failing—and so busy that he had not had much time for home-sickness. But to-night a strange mood came over him. It was as if all far-off things became near. He bent his head upon his two hands, and across the distance—because at twilight far things are near—he saw a picture ! An old brown farm-house, sheltered among the silent hills which rose in the west ; the green yard that sloped down to the east, and met the old-fashioned garden where the bright little red monthly roses grew, and the grass pinks, and the quaint blue bachelor's-buttons. At the eastern door of the old brown house a low rocking-chair stood on the wide stone doorstep. In the rocking-chair sat an old lady, rocking gently too and fro—such a placid old lady, with the bands of soft white hair folded around the dear, old face, which rose from the snowy kerchief crossed on her bosom, like a winter blossom from a calyx of snow. Placid she looked, and yet after a while it seemed that a look somewhat anxious, and wistful also, crept into the clear mild eyes. "She is thinking of me," said the man, who was leaning his face on his hands, and yet seeing the picture. " How long is it since I have written to her ? " It is June, now—June. I wrote to her in December, and the letter reached her at Christmas. It's almost six months—too long—but no news is good news. I hope she thinks so, poor, dear mammy. Let me see to-morrow is mail-day—and if I write to-morrow and get it to the mail by noon-time, she'll have it in a week. Dear old mother !" And then he got up and shook his shaggy head, and brushed his hand across his eyes, as if to clear from them the picture which had been holding them. Next day he was busy ; there were a dozen things to do, and the hour when he should have started for the post with his letter came and went before he knew it. When twelve o'clock came he saw that it was too late ; and he sighed as we all sigh when we have carelessly left things undone. This was on Wednesday, and the next post would be on Saturday. On Thursday, Richard Osgood—that was the man's name—wrote his letter. It was a well-filled letter, and told the dear old mother all she would long to know about his plans and his welfare. There was a warm, happy glow at his heart, as he fancied the dear old face lighting up when the mother read his words. This time there should be no mistake. He took it over to the post office on Friday, so that it should be ready for the Saturday's mail eastward. Then there was the waiting time. The next Saturday week he began to fancy how fondly his mother would read some of it to the neighbors—not the dearest words, though ; those she would keep for herself. Still another week ; and he began to look for his letter. The earliest day on which it could possibly come was Monday, two weeks and two days from the time his own letter was posted. He rode over to the post office, his heart beating last. Hope and fear rode with him. After all six months was a long time ; and for the last few weeks he had been in a new place, and no news could have reached him, whatever his mother's need. He got to the office just as they were distributing the mail. He grew feverish, as he waited. At last the mail was sorted, and his turn to be attended to came. "Richard Osgood !" the clerk repeated, and handed him a letter. It was not directed in the dear, tremulous, old hand he knew so well. His hands trembled as he tore it open and took out his own sealed letter, and a half sheet of paper on which the postmaster had written : " Mrs. Jane Osgood died two days before your letter reached A—. I return yours, J. GREEN, Postmaster. Dead ! Two days before his letter got there ! Dead ! If he had only written to her three days earlier, she could have read his words and known how he loved her—died with them, maybe, in her hand or on her heart. And now—she was gone into the infinite silence. There is nothing to say. Richard Osgood said nothing. He will be a sadder man all the rest of his life. Oh, let us love our beloved while we may—and may our words of love for them never reach their goal when the eyes that should have read are closed forever. 