TOPICS OF THE WEEK. (By our Spacul Repuesestative.) . -v u. ; - — Meleouike, Nov. 18. The new Factories Bill has engrossed the atteotion of Hie popular chamber dnriog the greiter portion of Hie week, and Hie dii- enssion of the clauses in committee has ex- cited a good deal of interest among the public. The galleries hare been crowded by all classes of people, the Chinese es pecially being largely represented. The measure generally met witb approval, though as:. I mentioned some time ago, several -aiter&Uone; and amendments were found necessary. Tbe one blot on the bill is the clause makiDg such an invidious dis tinction as regards Chinese and their half- cast offspring. Admittedly the children of the Flowery Land do not compete oo equ .1 terms with Europeans, and by reason of the hoars which they work and the extremely cheap character ot their food, they are enabled to beat all opponents in the cabinet-making trade. It has not been demonstrated, however, that the Celesti&U; are any worse io tfaiB_ respect than a number of so-called Christian employers, whose sweating pro clivities were exposed by a couple of recent prosecutions. The same law can be made to apply all round, without making invidious distinctions, and surely naturalised subjects of Her Majesty who have thought fit to make thrir home io this colony ehould not be subjected to special disabilities. To a certain extent the cam is parallel with that of the Indian hawker.-, whom we caooot ex clude from Victoria, bnt it ie within our power to insist that they shall observe the laws regolaring their particular avocation. Many Europeans there are who are infinitely more dangerous to the community than any number of Chinese or Hindoos, bot Mr. Higgles, sp'-aking on Tuesday evening, coolly suggested that it wonld be worth while considering whether Chinamen Bhoald be allowed to work in the cabinet-making trade at all. The chief difficulty is in regard to the half-ca-tes, for while people may with leason hold different opinions as to the desirability of legislating for Cbioese immigrants whose mode of life is opposed to all onr ideas, it does seem hard tbat the half- caste offspring of them; men, irrespective of whether thely have' brim brought up and educated as Europeans, should, be brought under Hie operation of a special law. A member of the latter class, writing to a Melbourne paper, puts the case very forcibly from his point of view. "Why," he say a, ' a half - caste Chinese is assumed to be more de graded than a half-caste Englishman (which ! am), a half-caste German, or a half-caste Frenchman, I fail to understand." The writer in question points oot that be, aa wall as many othen of the same class, has been educated as a European, belongs to Ihe Victorian defence force, and is a loyal and devoted subject of the Qoeen. There Is a lot of force in all this, and legislators" wonld do well to consider very seriously ere they commit themselves finally to the passage of a law which will probably be foned to operate unjnaUy on a large and respectable class of citizens. Tbe Age was hard np fora sensation when it had recourse to auch a flimsy, miserable artifice . on. Thoraday. Political intrignr, foraootb 1 To be core there are certain dis affected members who are always intriguing, whose sole bnsiness in Parliament is to foment - disturbances and create powerless "parties" under the mistaken impression, that they hold io tbeir bands tbe fate of Ministries. Tbe paltry tissue of fabrica tions, disingenuous as they were, was torn asunder in the coarse of a few hoars, and the coup d'etat so cnmbronsly prepared in the printing office in Collins-street fell to tbe ground with the.dnll sickening thud which we often hear about. Mr. Sbiels as nsnal was reticent. The member for Nor- manby, as is well-known to most of yoor readers, has the faculty of self-esteem very largely developed, aod it flatters his vanity to Hunk tbat of alt Hie available talent to lead an assault on the Ministry he shonld be selected aa the most suitable. Tbe thing stops there, for however mncb Mr. Shiels may wish to return to tbe Treasury benches, the members constituting the present Honse are not at all likely to lend their aid. What has been appropriately described as the "straight" Opposition will countenance nothing of the sort, and Sir John M'Intyre'a declaration at Maldon on Thursday, that the "Opposition was not bnngeriDg after the flesh-pots of offic may be accepted as perfectly honest. Members of the Left are wise enough to understand that they are infinitely bet ter off where they are, and a change is not at all probable be fore the next session, when exciting times are promised. (Die religions and temperance bodus, and lover of the esthetic, have risen in horror and amazement to condemn the Postmaster- General and his highly ornate postcards. It has been quite an agreeable sensation, this e term about the advertisements of beer aod tobacco, and has served to provide a topic of coo vernation among people aurfrited-with the past delights of the race week. Of course Hie occasion has not been allowed to pass, without opportunity being takea by hundreds of alleged humourists to crack their feeble jokes at the expense of the people who regard this desecration of -private correspondence as a serious matter. - Merry wighte have written and are etill writing to the papers making ell sorts of humonrons suggestions, most of which have a Very cbestnntty flavour. "(Die fact ie Hut the in novation is not regarded at all favourably by the bnlk of the community. It is bad enough to hare to submit to tile eyesores which afflict us on all sides/and most people prefer that the deficit may continue to exist in the Postal Department rather that that rmnriiesebbuldi he kdded to. From the manner in which Me. Duffy . replied to the deputation which waited upon him on Wed nesday, it wonld'eeem that'he thinks the nse of post- cards for advertising purposes will lira the colony ont of its depression straight away. Just about as reasonable to enppese that a con pie of exenreionsfrom Hamilton to the Wannon dnring the'enm- mer will wipe off the railway deficit. \- The second -evening newspaper in Hie metropolis has beeo making a gallant though somewhat ineffectual straggle against its older and better-equipped rival. The Nino is by no means a p --or publication, and it was gtining -a certain amount of popularity, especially dnriog the racing ' carnival, % reison-of the bright and valnable'character of its sporting matter. Tbe Herald, does not profess any -particular kind of politics ; itsteara n independent coarse, bat when Ihe old journal was alone in tbe field, (here were to befonnd large nnmbcraof people wbo declared persons do even in Hamilton) that's eecond paper was an absolute necessity. Well, tbe aching Void was filled, and not ihe least satisfactory feature of the bnsinees was the fact that a number of men obtained employ ment. Aa evidencing the army of worklew printers walking abont Melboume.the other day, When theNincs compositors took it into their. hesdsjto go ront on strike. Mr. Nat. Levi to- able to jget inbre than sufficient hands to bring t>nt:the'paper at the nsnsl time. "Nst." ia'geneial boss of the show, ud her Is to be, seen dodging abont here, there ' aiid evei sWli'rie in the office. The fate' nof tiije Jfiwt was pearly ; sealed the «theriday, howerer', !l Abe energetic " chief t ridden energy. He "was in Hie machine rpom,. flying areand -in faiascnstom- airbrick faahiop, when witbont: a word of rarningW fange "turtle " fell from a bright pf aboBtjfifteen>feet, and whizzed past "the startled ;m ail's nose, -A " tortle," I might explain, Is a large, heavy steel contrivance jised for placing the typeinfor|rtiallng,nd a tonch from it "wonld probably have finished : np - the proprietyr : of the News. The.|atter .reeriOd-a shock from whieb fae did. -not hrver -.-jmr -some time, bnt .the "ifJUieetbepromisto >at4»ce;'', weteirabse- taaraitij-coqeteraimnded, and "" Nat." avoids fall E£iS!R®S5sa. Mkti"h«?tiW1tfspect andkreHd'tm tar, and if the fearful truth Were known, probably chewing tobacco. Then Lady Mand Warrender sang three songs, accom panied on tbe piano by a lord of high degree in the person of Lord Richard NevilL A1I this sweetness wasted on the desert air of a dingy Port Melbourne ball, when hundreds of aristocratic people would h«ve gladly paid fire bob — I mean fire shillings, for the privilege of listeniog to such a performance. This sort of thing cannot be permitted to continue, and unless the Garment 'Oase people change their ways, a protest will lie forwarded to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, pointing ont that unconventional people are " impossible" in oar democratic country, end praying that a real lord and Udy be sent ti rule over ub. "H.M.S. Pinafore" has been revived at the Princess after a lapse of eight years, during which period numerous amateur companies have worried and wrestled with the earliest and one of the brightest of Gil bert and Sullivan's pieces. Notwithstand ing this treatment, and despite the fact that the opera was so recently and eo brilliantly played in Hamilton, there have been ez- I collect attendances, and the revival was a pronounced success. Tbe usual fate has befallen the Alexandra Theatre, where the ghost having persistently refused to walk, Mr. Chas. Holloway packed np his " Broad Arrow" and fait ont for new worlds to con quer. "Youth" at the Royal commands large audiences, and albiet handsome George Rignold has grown a hit fat and flabby for the hero's character." the production on the whole is very good. The halls and cyclo- rama are doing well, and Professor Kennedy mystifies and amuses people with his mes meric tricks at St. George's Hall. 