' lilt 8isrusih;r, j i; ^ h\ * ' Cl *? lie Peer ani the Ionian. , ' BOOK I. , Chapter I. - Lord Clan avon's Travelling f Companion. : His 'companion was a man of an alto- j i ether idiffcrent stamp. His hair and loastiiche, once jet-black, were plenti ' illy besprinkled with gray, and his ' mall 6val face was deeply lined. His ''features, though not striking, were re \ ned and delicate, and his prominent i ?' orehcad and deep clear eyes gave him omowhat the air of a student, which, , owever, his rest!es3, almost flippant, l| lanner in a measure contradicted. His j' lanneVs, indeed, were the least pleasing , art abont him — alternately nervous and '' ^jiuisitive; iabouredand careless. He ill, almost shabbily, dressed, and £p£$)'ittle details about his person and fr^&ychsernble; were obnoxious to his more jC^tinguished fellow-passenger. Still, I' .e told some fanny stories and had made limself very amusing without attempt I. og to be familiar, and Lord Clanavon, vhom two things — railway travelling and ? lis own company— always bored exceed ngly, felt faintly grateful to this stranger ? )f doubtful appearance for relieving the xionotony of his journey, aud decided to .olerate^him^'ifdr : the brief remainder of it. f.'. ' Yon didn't come up from Paris, did . you ?' he inquired carelessly. „ 'Yes.' .;v'„ : .. . ' And yoii were ; on the boat, too ? ;'i Seems queer I didn't Bee you somewhere '?'about.' : * I was below most of the time on the ! boat,' the other reminded him. ' ' Ah, yea. I suppose that was it. I I thought I'd watched every one on board at Calais, too. Therp was a bit of ii crush,, though, and I must have missed ? you. Hallo ! isn't that your ticket on the floor ?' he added, pointing to it with ' his foot. The other stooped forward quickly and picked it np. But Lord Cian&von;'s eyes were keen, and the ticket had fallen upon its back. ? Why didn't you book through from .' Paris ?' he asked curionsly. ' That ! ticket's only from Dover, isn't it ?' 4 That's all. The fact is, I lost my j ticket somewhere, and had to re-book ?i, from Dover. A nuisancc, but it couldn't ' be helped.' There was a brief silence, during which ' Lord Clanavon yawned several times, and as hia companion bad ceased to be amusing, he picked up a sporting paper and studied it for a few minutes. Then the train ran inte Waterloo, and he rose j: and stretched himself with an air of i relnf. His fellow-passenger was the first to L alight. Lord Clanavon returned his ^parting salute with a slightly condescend 1 ing nod, then stepped out of the carriage ?: i himself, and, lighting a cigar, looked around;for his servant. In a momtnt l or two; he; caime hurrying up. 'Bring out my traps and take them ii round; t6; Grosvenor Square in a cab, [. Burdett,' ;he . ordered.. ' I will walk. , What the mischief's the matter with ; you ?' he added, in an altered tone, look ff ing hard .into the man's face ; 'you look 1 as though youfd seen a ghost.' i ' It's — nothing particular, my lord,' ? Burdett answered, plunging into the car ?i( riage and busying himself folding up ; papers and collecting his master's be longings. ' It was rather a rough pas sage, my lord, and I think have upset nie a little.' Lord Clanavon, one of the most truth : fal young men in the world, accepted his ; servant's explanation at once, though he glanced again again with some curios ity into his pale, averted face. ' I should have thought that you would have been used to it by_now,'he remarked. ' Thero's some brandy in the flask on the seat. Help yourself, if i you feel bad.' * Thank you, jjmy lord,' Burdett ans ; wered in a low tone; but instead of ; doing so he ceased for a moment in his task and watched his young master's retreating figure with tears in his eye3. i 'I ought to have told him,' he groaned but I daren't. Oh ! poor Mr. Bernard ! ' Whatever will ho do when he knows !' CHAPTER II. A Bitter Welcome. Lord Bernard Clanavon was a young ' man who had earned for himself the i reputation of extreme eccentricity. Even ' his father and mother, whose only and very much spoiled son he was, found : themselves often forced to admit that he was odd. He had none of the vices, and : very few of the habits, of other young men of his class, which was all very well . as far as it went ; but it had its disad \- vantages, London life bored him, and the country, except during certain ? months of the year, was still less to his ; taste; consequently he spent a good dear of his time abroad ; and, being difficult to suit in the matter of chani ? pionship, he spent most of it alone. Another of his peculiarities was that he detosted having letters, aud never, un less compelled, wrote them. To escape from a correspondence .which, bad his whereabouts been known, would have been inevitable, ho made : a point of never giving an address . even to his own people, simply telling thorn the date of his return, to which he was always faithful. A month ago he had left London for Rome,' with the remark that he would return on June 15th, and at four o'clock in the afternoon of that day he was strol ling over Waterloo Bridge on his way westward. A little distance behind on the opposito side of the road, followed his lato travelling companion. It was a fine afternoon, and the Strand was thronged with foot passen gers, and tho streets with [a ceaseless stream of vohicles. Lord Clanavon was evidently enjoying his walk. Head and ehonldors taller than most of the crowd, ha 'wailci'd ''le'isnriiiy along, still smoking, and every now iud then pausing to look iu at, ti shop window or read the placards outside n theatre. The uewsbovs, who lined the giuters in the street, were making the air vibrate with their hideous news, but, partly on account of the great roar of traffic and partly owing to habi tual inattention, he walked on serenely indifferent to their voluble cries. Cloee behind him was his travel ling companion, who watched him eagerly each time he passed one of tbe little knots of newspaper sellers, and whose face was gradually becoming sav agely overcast. At last the blow fell. Close to Charing Cross Loid Clanavon paused with the evident intention of crossing the road, and as he stood on the carbstone waiting for an omnibus to pass, his eyes tell upon a placard wlucn was thrnst almost into his face by an eager newsboy, and his eais were saluted at the same time by the cry which was echoing down the Strand : ' Hawftil tragedy in the West End J 'Orrible murder of the Earl of Alceston ! Full particulars 1' For ths space of fully thirty seconds Lord Clanavon stood perfectly still on the edge of the pathway as though turned into a figure of stone. Then a ghastly paleness crept into bis cheeks, banishing all his ruddy manly colour, and he swayed backwards as though about to fall. The roar of the passing vehicles and tlie babel of talk and street shouts around seemed to come to him from a far-off distance, and the ground appeared to slide away from under his feet. Then came a darkness before his eyes, a sudden tightening of the brain, and at last unconsciousness. It was the first swoon of a man of iron nerves and constitution, and it was not to be for gotten. * n « When Lord Clanavon opened his eye3 and looked around him his first impres sions were rather mixed ones. To' begin with, he was lying upon a strange sofa in a strange ioom ; and, more wonderful still, its only other occupant was a woman. He raised himself noiselessly upon his elbow and scruntinised his surroundings a little more carefully. The room was of moderate size, and wa3 well and tastefully furnished, though not luxuriously. This much a hasty glance showed him ; then his eyes fell upon his companion and remained there. He was an artist by temperament, keenly appreciative of beauty in any form, and he felt a subtle sense of pleasure letting his gaze rest upon her perfect oval facc, with its dark blue, almost violet, eyes, brilliant complexion, and her dainty petite figure. For a moment or two be lay theie watching her ; then she looked up from the flowers which she was busy arranging and blushed slightly as her eyes met his. {To be Continued .) 