HOW STANDS LABOR? Tha Pad Family. " A Band of Lions Led by Asses." Wooonolty fop a Ppotootlon-Latjop Party— A Scathing- but Truo De nunciation. Tho views of Mr. E, W. O'Sullivan, M.L. A., on tho political situation Bhould be of interest at tho present juncture. For one thing Mr. O'Sullivan hss had many years' experience as a trades unionist, and has held iho highest positions the workers could give him in the days when labor leaders wero not paid for thoir services, a fact which tho foreign-trade prosB airily ignores when it sneers at tho baa. motnbor for Queanbeyan. In thoso days, when unionism gained everything ia roeson whioh it struuglod for, Mr. O'Sullivan loarnt how much was to be gainod by patient endeavor. He hss voted for every labor proposal that has been bofors Parliament during tho last 10 years. Upon boing interviewed with regard to the political situation on Tuesday morning he said "A general election should be the outcome of the rmbrngiio, bus that election would not turn upon tho cry of 1 Reform the Upper House,' as the free-traders and labor mem- hers- hoped. Ail the protectionists are iu favor of a roform of the Legislative Council, and are wiiiing to support land nnd income taxes providoj tha latter aro not brought forward witn tho object of destroying pro- -tection, as Mr. Rent's proposals avowedly were, ' and arc combined with Customs duties, successive duties and absonteo tax, so that ail classes may pay thoir fair share to the. revenue, , The real issue would there fore be federation, protection and progressive LEGISLATION. All the protectionists are in favor of federa tion, but till that is achieved they intend to keep the present tariff on, bocause it is the safeguard of agriculture, sugur-planting, skilled trades and general - labor. Lot Sydney be made a free port and in would come the produce of the othor colonies and the cheap-labor goods of tho old world, America, India, China aud Japan. Do the people of New South Wales realise what that would menu ? During tha debate on tho Customs' Duties Bill I gave a detailed list (compiled by Mr. Copoland) of the trades and callings which would be injuriously affected by the removal of the tariff. The figures, when totalled, showed clearly that 117,000 persons would be thrown out of work or otherwise Boriou.Iy injured. Wo have already ' an army oi unemployed in our midst, for whom the Roid Government will apparently do nothing unless forced at the point of the bayonet, though lately, when scarod by the demonstrations of the unem ployed, and seeing a genoral election at hand, they arc going on with a little make- believe policy by proposing a number oi railways which should hare been carriodout long ago. But even if theso railways woro set going— and under tho most favorable cir cumstances that could not take place for at leastsixmonths— they would not findcmploy- inent for one-sixth of tho persons who will he thrown out of work if tho tariff is repealed. Under these circumstances the workers of New South WaleB will not be led away by the red herring of Upper House reform. How will the reform of the Council giro them employment? They want work at their own trades in order to keep their wives aud families from starvation, and they will vote now for thoso who will give thenf this boon. How will a land tax only benefit them just now ? It can not do so in uny way, and as both the land tax »nd reform of the Upper House are certain to coma in due course after a pro tective tariff is assured, the retention of the present tariff aud its revision arc most pressing questions with then;. The conduct of the so-called labor parties which have been elected since 1891 should show the necessity for the workers at once with drawing their support from these faddists and blunderers, and organising themselves into a compact protection-labor party, Protection io the policy of labor all over tha world save in New South Wales. In tho United States nearly all the labor organisa tions voted for that policy, and only a fotv months ago tho working mou of tho States —scared by the disastrous results of 12 months' paitial free-trade — returned the Re-' publicans (or protectionists) to Congress by overwhelming majorities all over the Union. Io South Australia, Victoria, Qiieouslaud and Now Zealand tho labor members iu Par liament were ocaviy all protectionists. So they would havo beon here, too, if real workers had been electod to Parliament. Unfortunately, however, during the excitement ot the election of 1S91 any person who called himself a labor candidate and got a league to adopt him as such was cnosou. Men who were never heard of in labor ranks were then chosen to represent the workcrB. The serious resuit of this want of care upon tho part of the wcrkero was soon made manifest. The now Parliament bad scarcely met before it became evidonc that the majority of tha labor mem bers were really single-taxers and free-traders in disguise. After a minority bad determined to support protectiou as the true policy oi labor the majority of tha then laoor party voted systematically and continuously with tho free-trade party, and when the next general election camu around they threw off tho mask and stood as free-trade candidates, some of thutn boing adopted by tha Free- trade League as such. Rao, Cotton, Hindis, Danahoy and others were rejoctod by the workers for this extraordinary inconsis tency. Tbey woro opposed by tho present solidarity party on the ground that they had broken away from the understanding with which they started, but the solidarity members have proved them selves no hitter, At first they appeared inclined to take an iudopsadonc course, but it soon became apparent train the manner in which thoy used to caress the members of the Roid Ministry in the House, and from their frc- quont appearances in tho Ministerial rooms, tbat lliey had alHo ullowcd thcmselvos to become, liko their pradeccesors, merely tho tail ond of the free-irado party. Under the flimsy pretext tha: they dosired to obtain a laud tax — though how that is going to belter tho cooditiun of tho Fiiiror- ing masses at ouco tbey havo never shown— they deliberately supported tho proposal for the repeal of the tariff, though it was pointed out to them over and over again that the bill would crush out the sugar planters, destroy agriculture, aud throw 117,000 persons out of work, orothcr- wiso injure them. Some of their members even resorted to the mean and paltry device of attempting to keep cn a few duties which affected their own constituents iu the hopo of averting tho results of the indignation which thoy knew would be aroused by their blundering and inconsistency, la the meantime they also deliberately ignored tbo cry of tha unemployed for four that their friends, the free-traders, would UK INCONVENIENCED, Whatever chance tho unemployed havo of obtaining work ia duo to the action of thomselvcs und others, and not to the labor party. Sinco their advent to Parliament the labor members have not passed one law nor carried any proposal which would . benefit the workers. Ia fact they have passud nothing, and . done nothing except heip in tbo passage of the One Man Ope Veto Bill of the Dibbs Govorntntnt, and assist in retrenchment, also started by the protectionists. This is ths sum total of their work since thoy entcrod tho House, and it is work tbat would have been per formed by any other members who had occu pied their seats. So far as their political existence is concerned, the labor members in Parliament have utterly failed in their mis sion, hut tbey have dono an immensity of I barm by aiding tho causo of free- trade and I by blocking many measures that would have ; found employment for tho workless workers,' of whom thoy are bo fond of prating." ! " Bat how about thoir actions ontsido of Parliament ? Surely all their many organi sations have dona some good," said our representative. "Well, lot us test them on that line," said tho motnbor fur Quoanbaysn, with a smile that betokened iucrodudty. "The present ana past labor members belong to that nchool of labor advocates who came to tho front about 18SD under the name of 'New Unionists,' bus who in reality were slngle-tuxcrs, communists and anarchists. Sinco they have had tho control of affairs labor has suffered a series of disastrous defeats. Kverythinp they havo done has boen a blunder. Whon they took possession of the trades unions and labor organisations all these bodies wero rich, powerful and respected. For example, the wharf laborers had about 1790 men enrollod in their union, with ubout £4999 in banks. The Soamon's Union was evou 'stronger in numbers and in funds, and inostof the other labor societies were in a good position as regards membership and finance. Thoy woro tho prido of New South Wales, and they led the labor movcmeniB of the world. What is thuir condition to-day, after live years' mani pulation of the so-caliod New Unionists? Tnc funds of the societies have boen squan dered, tile membership has enormously decreased, end nothing but the won derful loyalty of the men to the principles of trades unioniim keops the organisations afloat. Thero is not a member of the trades unions referred to who doot not recognise these facts and dcepiy regrets the day whon ho allowed tho New Unionists, and that curso of trado organisations, the paid dologale, to take the control of the labor movement. Tho protectionist mem bers of thoso organisations in particular deplore the day when these men came to the front and led them to massacre and dofcat, and do not disguise their desire to relegate them to obscurity. Many of these Now Unionists are now chums and Johnnieo-como-latciy, who know littlo about the wants of the workerB of this country, and caro less, so long as they get into Parliament or obtain the position of paid delegate) to some society foolish enough to employ him." " But have thoy not boon very active in promoting schemes for tbo amelioration of the it. asses? ' "Yes; but just see what has brcome of those schemes. Toko the new australia fiasco for a start. Lane aud his fellow cranks were going to show the world what communism and mateship were going to do for the suffering masses. It wua a noblo object, but how did it eventuate ? Tho promoters wero supplied with plenty of money, aud they bought a ship and started on a pil- grimago under the tnoBt favorable circum stances. How has that pilgrimage re sulted ? What has becomo of the ship, and w hero are the books of silo society now? Let the New Unionists and other dreamers tarn away - their heads in shaiua aud confusion ; let their sympathisers blush for their folly and credulity in trusting such imbeciles. Tho New Australia expedition was one of the most disgraceful failures that ever befel the workers in any 'part of the world, and it ought to bo a warning to the workers nevor again to trUBt those Utopian dreamers and selfish schemers, 1 think a Parliamentary inquiry ought to he n.ade into this sad and uieastrous failure. Tha more -mention- of- tho name Now Aus tralia is now enough to silence these would- bo regenerators of mankind, and cause them tu make desperate efforts to change tho subject of conversation, and eo it should be: Before that expe dition had terminated so disastrously other credulous workers had been cajoled into starting the workers' co-oi'erative store, by which tho subscribers wero to be enor mously benefited nnd the obnoxious ' mid dleman ' dispensed with. Needless to say, in the hands of these political faddists ami incompetents that enterprise was soon stranded, and afterwards culiapsed. Deter mined to show that they could manage all sorts of coucorns other members of the Fad Family established two newspapers, which began to fight each other like tigers. Tiioj woro called- "the australian workman" and "the new order." The first-named got into trouble as far as tha original promoters were conce-nod, aud has since passed . into private hands, while the second collapsed in a few weeks — a fate wh>ch also befel a third organ, called Justice, started by tbo Ac tive Service Brigade, another brauch of tha fad family. Nothing daunted by all these failures, and aidod by the marvellous courage (and contributions) of the workers, tho faddists mudo a supremo effort to establish an organ ia the daily press. The mouey rolled in, machinery was purchased, premises leased, type bought, editor anil staff engaged, and then out camii the "daily tost " with as enthusiastic and as loyal a list of subscribers us ever bailed the advent of a party newspaper. Tho same sad experience of bungling end incompetency was repeated, and the same disastrous and disgraceful record of failure followed, the " daily post " soon became the daily ghost. There iiee its machinery and its plant, sad mementoes of the incapacity sod the bungling faculty oi the Fad Fnrnilv, and unotner tombstuuo to tbo wonderful loyally of tho workers of New South. Wales to the principles of labor and trades unionism. What do you think of the organising faculty of tiio faddists now ?" exclaimed the Keystone, "What can I think except that tho men who could not succesfuliy work ino New Australia expedition, the co-operative store and the dead newspapers can scarcely be accepted as fit persons to represent labor in 1'ariiaincnt, much less to rcurgnniso eociety upon the linos of ' Looking Backward.'" "Yes, you are right," responded E. W. O'S. " Though I dn not ogree with all that H, H. Champion has said and done, still I think he hit tha right nail on the head when he described the workers of Australia as 'a band of lions led by asses.' The sturdy toilers who havo so liborally subscribed their moneys and so loyally voted for thooo faddists aud iacompctonts, deserved better treatment at their hands than to be thrown out of employment on ing to the opposition of the labor party to the cause of protection, and ;|ioy will havo thoir, selves to blame if thoy again glvo thcBo blunderers another opportunity of injuring them. It is imposriblo to hnvo a labor party without protection, as tho expcrienco of the workers in the Unitod States, Canada, i South Australia, Victoria, Queensland, and Now Zealand has shown. Protection I and trades unionism run hand in hand. . Men iorm thcmsolrus into trades ; unions for tho purpose of protecting them- I selves from tiio aggression of employers and from the unfair competition of the blackleg. Protection is nothing lo«stban tbo powers of \- tho State organised, by means of a tariff, to i protect the workers against tho unfair com petition of cheap and colored labor countries. Protection nnd trades unionism are, there fnro, one and the oamo thing in principle, and no true trades unionist can bo logically anything else than a protectionist , if he uudcrstanos the doctrine upon which ho orcnniocs his society." " You spoke of a new labor parly," observed our representative. .'i-What would: : ; yon suggest as its policy ?" "I would suggest tbo following as tho U basis of the policy of a protection- lai' or party, . and you will see from the items adduced that the policy is one thai would do jnstice to all classes ns well as speedily bettor tho condition of the worker f— "Federation on democratla lines, by which black labor would bo exclud id, " Protection for all articles which we can profitably grow and manufacture, and tho abolition oi such Customs taxation as doea not protect, savo that on lux'-trie?. " Reform of the Upper House nnd th« Referendum. ' ' ' " Tno readjustment of taxation, " Labor and social reforms. \- " Raliof 'to the selectors by reduction r,f paymont to 6d per acre. " Relief to the unompioyed by means of reproductive works, enrriod out by national notes, redeemable out of profits. "Stato export department for pioneering new markets and assisting ths nataral industries. " A national bank of issue and ths Credit: Foncier system. " Abolition of tho 4 per cent, deduction on civil servants, aud tbo substit-utiou of i> system of Stalo insurance, as in Germany. "National smelting works, a school of mines, and tho increase of the proapectiug vote to £100,900, to encourage acd tievolo|> mining. "Free scopo for private enterprise, tut the municipailsetion of monopolies likciy io be oppressive to the people, " Opposition to kanaka and colored labcr. "Irrigation, artesian boring, and wafer conservation. " Light railways to back districts, " National scholarships and bursaries." " Your programme seems a larco one. Mr. O'Sullivan." "It may appear to be so at a first glanct," was the reply, "but there is nothing i'J! that programmo that could not be .obtained, by an earnest Pariiamont of protectionists and real labor members— not one thuit pursues the ring-tailed 'rossum i' of hanging on for the sake of £6 , week.. It lias ibis , great aavautage in i-.t iavor— - the programme considers all c. - aub, and. would, theroiore, be likely ic rnceiro a general and geDorons support fro u ail iiidct- of the House, instead of being opposed nui ridiculed, as is tho programme ot the one- ideod and oross-eyed politioiau-i «lto cow masquerade as labor membors, f.'-tt who irt reality are sinvle.taxcra or other incutbcru of tho great Fad Family." " I gather from yoar remarks, Mr. O'Sul livan, that you are not opponed t:> iaboe representation in Parliament ?" "Certainly not. I wob one -f the CrsA who fought for payment of me.AbArc. So that labor could bo representor I would, however, prefer to sco tho lub.ir ntcir.'oere advocating protection, bocause tjat in the basis of evory labor polioy, and. -). 1 n?,v» shown, it is tho policy of tho 1- pt.nisa evcrywherosare in New South \Va i. i-itj.iiti even bo slad to see the presen- party re-elected if they would r - - vhoi)- free-trade folly, and go straight ... that would prevent the throe . . ,-.f work or otherwise injuring 117,1- ..rtfr., eneonrage the industries of tho -. i- v w -d provide avenues for the employ -. -.u-. >i :!,» thousands of young persons is .io n -.v looking in vain for the chanc- c: having some honorable trade or cailingy' 