THE CHURCH OF THE APOSTLES. | AN INTERESTING CEREMONY, A RECEPTION INTO THE PRESENTA TION CONVENT. j On Saturday morning at the early hour of half -past seven a reception took place at tbe Church of the ApoBtles, when Mies Molly O'Connell received the religious habit and was formally admitted a member of tbe | Presentation Content in this city. The | cercmony fras conducted on that scale of 1 magnificence so generally adopted by the | Roman Catholic Church, and wbich cannot I fail to impress even the most casual ob- j server. To the members of the inner circle 1 the display naturally assumes a deeper meaning than to those who look npon it merely from a spectacular point of viewi It Is full of a sublimity of religious fervor, which in some way casts its influence over their feelings and actions, and tbe solemnity of their bearing appears to dominate those who witness it merely as one of the formal but necessary functions of the Church. To renounce the world with all its temptations, its pomps, and its vanities may seem a simple thing to some, but when tbe renunciation is made for the purpose of entering wholly into commune with spiritual things who but those having fuliy realised the taking of such a step can thoroughly ap preciate the abandonment of self interests to accept tbe blesBingB of a holy life 1 Miss O'Connell is a native of Bacchus Marsh, Victoria, where her father was a squatter. Two of her sisters are aJrea Jy reliffievicst one being a member of the community of tbe Bridgetine Convent, Rochester, Victoria, and the other in Les Petites Sceurs dee Pauvres, Rue Belair, Pasage Russeil (Loire Inf.), Nantes, France. A third took part in the ceremony on Saturday, and will be referred to when describing tbe event. Miss Molly O'Connell entered the Presentation Convent here about six or seven months ago as a postulant, and since then she has been occupied at the junior part high school of the establishmect. She is a young lady of considerable attainments, and will thus prove to be an undoubted acquisition to the Convent, which is essentially an educational Institution. As a musician she possesses high qualifications, and her talents will be directed to the training of students. It was expected that His Grace the Archbishop would be present to perform the ceremony ; but, owing to the indisposition from which be is suffering since his return from the Plenary Synod at Sydney, he waB unable to undertake tbc duty. The Very Rev. Dean Beechinor was, therefore, deputed to act as Celebrant. The choir sang Farmer's mass. The function commenced with the cele bration of mass at the appointed hour. The scene in the interior of the church wbb one well calculated to rivet the attention of the large number of persons who had congre gated to witness the cercmony. The beautiful stained window in tbe background, through which the morning sun shone, glinting the wondrously fine auar, and shooting its rays across the rare polished marble and granite | pillars which flank either side of the ' chancel, produced a very striking effect, bat it was considerably enhanced by handsome - bouquets of florists' flowers disposed with artistic taste in various places on and near tbe altar. The rich bridal cossumc of tbe poBtulant, and the still more gorgeous vest ments worn by the Celebrant all lent a charm to the scene for the spectator who bad any sense of the beautiful and what was fitting for such an occasion. Shortly after the celebration of the mass, the organ, presided over by Mrs Erekine Parker, pealed forth the opening notes of the hymn ' O Gloriosa Virginum and a proces sion emerged from the Convent grounds, through the little cemetery, and entered tbe western doorway of the church, beaded by a crosa-bearer, Miss Queenie O'Connell, Bister of the novice cbet, whose veil was composed of real Limerick lact ; followed by acolytes and four little children, exquisitely attired as ' bridal angels,' tbc junior mem bers of the community, two (poBtnlants) professed sisters, tho Lady Assistant and Lady Superior, all carrying lighted tapers with the young lady to be received, whose costume, designed by Miss Darcey, was the cynosure of all eyes, it being composed of ivory Eat In, the bodice and skirt being trimmed with chiffon and wreaths of orange blossoms, while the veil of silk net completed a charming toilette. Having arrived under the great spring arch of the church, tho pro cession halted on the carpet in front of the altar rails, where the robe, belt, veil, and . white luautlc of the postulant were placed 1 in silver baskets ou the communion rails at tbe grate. The young poatniaut took her place on a yrieditti in a kneeling posture, I with tbo ' bridal angels' and members of 1 tbe community ranged in close proximity. . All genuflected and took tbc places allotted I to them. Immediately after the celebration I of Tr''u- the Dean took off the chasubel and assumed the white cape. Having blessed the candle, and presenting it lighted to the postulant, the Celebrant said, ' Receive, dearly beloved daughter, this corporal light to dispel alt the darkness of ignorance or error, that, being illuminated with tho light of Divine wisdom, with the fervor of the Holy Ghost, thou dewrve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the Spouse of the Church, who livcth and rcignoth with God, the Father, in the unity of God, tbe Holy Ghost, world without end.' The postulant having been raised from the priedieu by the Lady Superior and the Lady Assistant was conducted to the Cele brant, who interrogated her as follows ' My child, what do you demand ?' To wbich she replied : ' The mercy of God, the holy habit of religion, the charity of tbe Order, and the society of the Mothers and 6isters.' u Is it with your own free will and con sent yon tleai&nd; the habit of religion 7' 44 Yes, Very Rev. Father.' ? The Celebrant, addressing the Lady Superior, said; ?' Reverend Mother, have ypu Inquired into the other points seoessary to be known . for those who enter tbe re ligion, and are you fully satisfied thereon f' The Lady Superior : ' Yes, Very Rev. Father.' Oele*brant : 11 My child have you a Ann intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life, and do you think yon have sufficient strength to bear constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ for tbe love and fear of God alone ?' Novioo elect : ' Relying on tho mercy of God, and on tbe prayers of the members of the oommnnlty, I hope to be able «o do The novice clect, Lady Buperior, La^' Assistant, and attendants then reti' ' ,-3 convent, where the brid*' -cutothQ trappings of the w'-' ndftltUflQ fthd returning' were letflbVedi Upon tb' ' flfcolf saag « (JuSJ e&t; iiW' and In the act bi siting the pMtftUnt the Veil-, Bpoke ttit?, Mlldwliig #otd6, ' RetelVe the ^hlte Velii tlie etttblem of inw&td; ptirityi tbdt thod iffayeit fdlldw thtt Lfekhu without Stain, and zfiAyeflt wAlk With Him in whltejl in the nanle of .the Father, and of, the Sob) and ot the Holy Ghost. Athen.'. Here the dplentant gave a nbw name, say* ing t ?' Td him that overcometh, says Our Blessed Lord, I will ftflve a new same. Tbe name He gives yon, my dear child, should animate you to resist with perseverance, Batan, the world and yourself. Henceforth, you, MIbs Molly O'Connell, shall be called Sister Mary Alphonsus LiguorL Be the humble handmaid and worthy child of the august Saint whose name yAtl havfe the honor to beari' The Kotice rtpiled s ' The empire of the wdrla and all the grandeur of this earth I have despised for love of Our Lord Jesus Christ, whom I have seen, Whom I have loved, in Whom 1 have believed, and towards Whom my heart inclinctb.' The Celebrant then intoned tbe hymn 'Venl Creator' i *nnmr-. TTnlv Ghnsb. Creator come'), and tbe novice, whs had remained prostrate, was raised by tbe Lady Superior and Lady Assistant, when all the members of tbe community embraced the new sister, the choir singing, ' Eece quam bonum' f ' Babold how good and bow pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity'), The proccsslon then left the cburdh, and returned to the CdnVent in the saule order, following the crbss-bearet in couplcs accord ing to rank, the newly-rccelved walking between the Lady Superior and the Lady Assistant, whilst the choir sang ' bcus Miscratur' (' May God have mercy on us1'). The ceremony was of a semi-private nature, it being Advent, and for that reason it W8S performed at the hour named. After the reception, the friends and relatives of the young lady and choir were invited to refreshments. Mr A. Roper, of Evandale conducted the choir. The Dean was attended throughout the entire ceremony by the Rev. Father Nelan, one of the clergymen attached to tbe Ohurcb of the Apostles. 