LAND SALIi AT ULAM. TO T1IK KDITOK. Sir,-From a report of thc last meeting of ' the Gogango Divisional Hoard which appeared in your issue of the ¿¡th inelant, I notice that thc Lands Department hus in contemplation the sale of a small strip of land on thc left hank of the Eightmilc Creek, in the Parish of Ultimo, locally known as thc Eightmilc lane. lt cannot be otherwise than gratifying to thc local busybody to whom this action on the 1 part of the department is attributable, to find that his long-cherished plot to deprive bis unfortunate neighbours, who are depen- dent on thc head of a precarious creek for 1 their water supply, of the only permanent water within miles of their homes, promises 1 to be at length successful. About three years ago this great little mau got up a petition to the then Land Commissioner at Rockhampton, recommending thc sale of this miserable little corner on account of its suitableness for agricultural purposes, although he knew that it is submerged during flood time. Being unable to obtain one solitary surnature to the document his vanity was hurt, and he uttered the dreadful threat that he would have thc land put upfor salc in spite of the whole neighbourhood, insinuating at thc same time that his influence was not a little, and mentioning different quarters where he reckoned he could Îmll the wires. A few months ago he turned tis attention lo another department, which he approached with a petition that smelt of libel, and he drained thc cup of humiliation to thc very dregs. I beg to inform you for thc benefit of your readers that this bit of land is in a bend of thc Eight-mile Creek, and is neither suitable for agriculture nor as a residence sile on uccount of its being flooded in wet weather. How any person knowing this could have thc audacity to assert that it is fit for a residence site is one of those mysteries which can only bc solved on thc supposition thut those whom thc gods wish to destroy they first drive mad. It is to be regretted that the moping melan- choly and moon-struck madness of this indi- vidual should set the Lauds Department in motion on account of this paltry little corner, while thc uuwcildy reserves in other localities which might bc sold with advantage to the colony mid be a benefit to settlement, arc allowed to remain untouched, A few years ago this worthy haunted a certain Government office in Rockhampton like a ghost, at which time his modesty did not prevent bim from making thc ostentatious boast that his in- fluence there wus very considerable, and rightly or wrongly he got the credit af being thc evil genius of muny a selector. After a certain alteration in the personnel of the office, he, however, made himself scarce there for a time. In politics he is a veritable Vicar of Bray. He is democratic and conservative by turns according lo tile exigency of tho moment. Ile is now on thc look out for a labour candi- date to contest the Fitzroy electorate at the I next general election. In a word he means I to reconstruct society. But his pet scheme j of getting thc Eight-mile lane sold to spite his neighbours is not yet accomplished. A petition is being got up against it, which il ia to bc hoped will be I he means of getting this strip of land, with the water in the creek fronting it. reserved for oublie usc. I am, Sc., ZAMIA, j 13th June, 18!)r>. 