THOU ART THE MAN! By SPSS BRADDQN, Author 01P " Lady Audloy's Seorefc,'.' " Aurora Floyd," " Dead Men's ; Shoest. '6.;Piiaiitoin' , Fortune,"1' Wyllari's Weird;" "Like ; and .tjnitUe;?' 'MAR' Along the River," &o.; '- All queninilaira Rmkts Rmrbtbr-.'; : CHAPTER ttVli—(Coniim>M . . A two hours' drive in tho'olonr morning air . brought Lndv Dunluco and lior oompanlorito'u solitary farmhouse hidden omong tho hilis, a spot mora louoly than ovon St; Judo's Vicarage; ; but this rustic Jhomeatoacl, witli its group , of barns and stableyard in tho background, and its little garden, whore autumn flowers, still lingered, had a more cheerful nspeot than the struggling stone houso of St. Jude's with its wnllod garden and gloomy firs. Brandon Mountford. Yos,' this was Brandon Mountford ; this tall w>isted figure; this hollow-eyed oountennnoo; with the downward mclanoholy linos about tho mouth, and the nervous contraction of the brow, nndtho wasted hands that lay in holpless inaction on tho aims of tho ohair. Sibyl Dunluco stood gazing at him in awo-strioken silonoe, almost as she might have looked upon u ghost. She could find no words to say to him— no words of pity or uifootion. Spccoli seemed frozen. Vuinly had Mr. Covordulo sought to prepare hor for tho shook. The anguish, of tho spoo- tacle was not lessened by unytluhg that he had told her. Tho silence lasted for minutes. John Cover- dule heard the old clook in the passago tioking solemnly on, as if it woro dealing out a long day or a long life of timo, so hopelesB seemod the duration of that agony ; the woman standing statuo-liko, white as marble ; the man sitting with eyes that gazed idly out boyond tho opon window, norosB the little gardon, where tho asters and marigolds inade u hank of gaudy colour, to tho gray dlmneBS of great rugged lulls. Tho November morning wab still and bright, and tho air, in tho shelter of the hills had a summer-litio softness. At lust over tho blank melancholy of that aged and ultorod fuco thoro crept a slow vague smile, and Brandon Mountford lifted his eyes townrdB Sibyl. "I knew that you would como," he said slowly. " I know that you would understand my messago — though I have almost lost the trick of writing." "Brandon, you know mo, you know mo," she cried, sinking on her knees by his ohair, olusping one of thoso long wasted hands, deadly cold to her touoh. "Know you— yes, of oourso." "You have been oruolly treated, hut that is all ovor now. All that this world oan give of happiness shall bo yours. It shall ho my oaro — tho objcot of my life to atono." "No, no, thoro has boon no cruelty. It was my doom — tho curse laid upon mo. What could thoy do but hide mo — hido mo from my follow mon — a wrotoh — a murderer ? I havo suffered, hut I havo hud my dreams— dreams of thnt wild country whoro I was so happy — cen turies ago — conturios of weariness and pain. Tho black faces came back to me in droums— tho river— tho forest. And I have droamt that you und I woro wandering thoro — you and T sitting together by tho cainp firo. X havo seen your fuco in tlio red light, and then the fire hus changed to tlio firo of hell, and I have suffered liko a soul in ovorlnsting ugony. I havo BUft'crod for my orime." In broken sentenoes, with piteous entreaty, slio protested ngainsthissolf-donunaiation. "It is a dream," sho said; "a horriblo dream. You have nothing to do with poor Marie's death— except tho misfortune to be tho first to find hor. You have beon the viotim of a oruol conspiracy— a plot to hido away on innooont man in order to provent suspioion falling on, tho real murderer." Ho looked at her curiously, as if lapsing into aroverioin whioh hor words hardly reached him— looked at her wonderingly, as if her face were strango to him. And then his eyes wandered away from that earnest, eager faco to tho gaudy autumn fiowcrs und tho great grave hills veiled in thin white mist. Alas, it was hut too evident that the shadows which clouded his reason only olearod away now and again for a brief space, as tho autumn haze purted and patohos of tho hillside showed dear und bright through a rift in the veil. "It is not wise to talk to him of thnt dread ful ovont," said Mr. Goverdule. " What wo havo to considor is what is best to ho dono with him. The dootor will he here at 12 o'olook. You may ho glad, to hear his opinion from his own lips." " Yos, I should liko to hoar what he thinks. But ought wo not to hnvo a spoolalist ? Wo might telogruph to Edinburgh." "There will bo timo for .that by-and-hy. Will you como into tho garden with me — — ' ' "What, leavo Mm nlono?" " He has been ucoustoraed to sitting alone. Tho woman of tho house is within call. I should liko to havo a quiot talk with you out yonder." Sibyl did not answer him, scarcely Heard him porbnps. Sho wus looking at Brandon Mount ford in agonised contemplation. Whatevor thoro had been of intellect or of power in his face a few minutes ago liftd vanished from it like a light extinguished behind a transparent piotnra. — leaving tho pioture dull and meaningloss, Woaknoss, physical , and mental, hopeless de- spoudenoy, woro all thatcoiild .be read in that faco now, a countenanco of sickly pallor, every faoinl musolo roluxodj . dull, misery expressed in ovory languid lino. 1 This was what solitudo and silenoe, the slow decay of monotonous years, had' . done for Brandon 'Mountford. If Sibyl Dunluco could .have looked baok along that dark lino of years— if somomagio mirror could havo shown hor pioturos of the past, what would sho havo seon? First a strong mnn caught in a trap, fighting with -his captors for roloaso into tho free air of lionvon, 'then suddenly subjugated and rendered pbivorless, not by, their violonoe or thoir persua sion, but by the foil disease whioh tho horrors and agitations of his lifo bad intensified, whioh set ita'doraqniao grip upon body and brain with , a foroo never felt till then. She would havo . soon . one attaok following upon another, with brief intervals of langour und oxhaustion, till strength was sapped and intellect weakened— woakenod hut hot aii- nihliatod. Sho would have seen a brave man submissive as a ohild to a bond he could 'have broken had .lie so willed- — submissive hooause hopeless andjdospnlring. He was told, that ho was a murderer, tha t a warrant was out agaiust him," tlmt to osoapo from that dull prison houso, that life of hideous, Uopoless monotony, would be to .run. into thenooso of ..'the law,.' to doom himself it might be to the gallows, 'or at best td the imprisonment of a State madhouse, . , afelonamong other felons, p;; lunatlo. among' . other luaatios. Slio. would have seaahim, as . ' LlSt.p :V .' .v . J. . ' ... ! . » ' Ills brain weakonod, and tho powor of logionl argumont and ovon of eonseoutivo thought gradually diminished— sho would havo Been him fooled by the hope of release. Ho would be got away lator, whon the cqast was . olear— should be got on board a 'steamer and drafted away to that dark continent of whioh ho droamt so often, where liberty and life were waiting for him, among' the dark faceB, undor tho tropical sun. Fooledon from day 'to'day, and month to month, and year '.to year, with tliat reitorated "by-and-hy," sho would havo seon him gradually losing count of days, and months, and years,, till time was one long blank, - and his life know.no ohange, save tho- ohango frpmhout to .oold, and hnbk to 'heat ' again— from sunshine pouring in .'at Iub open windows to tho early darkness of endless winter nights — from' tho dark;, iron blank whore the firelight had leapt and sparkled so morrily, to the wel come firoglow coming hack again to fill tho dull blank void. No ohongos save therain whipping the window panes— the wind howling over tho distant sea, or whistling, oloso nt ' hand in the ohimney. There was thunder . sometimes— thunder penis that shook the house, and mado him wish that the roof would brack and tho walls crumble, and bury him among' dust and ruin, and bo make an end of this ,'dull blank spnoe and timo whioh seemed to bo endless— inflnitejepaco — infinite timo. He repeated tho words sometimes if they had been a formula— "Who disputes that either is infinite P Y hnvo proved them both," he said ; for hot only did timo socin endless, immeasurable,1 hut in his frequent periods of halluoiuutiosi space - also Boomed without limit, , and his weary spirit wandered aghast in worlds that know 'neither ohange nor boundary, neither uiglit nor . day— dim graynoss, peopled by silent ghosts— an endless labyrinth, or a wide stretch of 'barren hand leading to a horizon thnt was always.1 tho same, and yet aver receding. Tho commonest dreamor in a dream of a minute oan invent and people a place unknown to ' his' waking intelli gence — hut in tho diseased brain that droaming power, increased a hundred- fold, becomes a source of unspeakuhlo sufforing, a well-spring of horror. And what of his more rational hours ; thoso longer intervals between one attaok andanother whon thoro was timo for the brain to regain somothing of its lost equilibrium ? Alas, thoso hours of roRson and reipembranco were the worst of all, for in thoso he believed himsolf Marie Arnold's murderer, recalled the imago of the corpse in the wood, brooijcd ovor tho cruelty of suoh an ond to. that bright young life, and the shamo and disgraco of the orimo — disgrace reflecting upon all who were of his blood, a blot upon a stainless pedigree. " Bettor that I should rot in this seclusion," he told himsolf in those waking hours, "than that I should go out into the world to. set moil talking of my orime. Yet, if it were possible — if I could got baok to tho Zambosi and my faithful Kaffir hoys, thoy would hurdly think worse of mo for that story of bloodshed. They would only pity me as the viotim of witohcraft." And in suoh an interval, when his janitor onmo to him with tho meal which only Mr. Carpew or his wifo over servod to the mysterious "boarder," Brandon Mountford would urge the fulfilment of that roiterated promise. Surely tho time had come when ho might go away. Whatever watoli had boon kept upon tho houso must havo ceased loilg ago. Ho had lost all connt of timo, but ho know that it must bo long— and ho looked down at his olothos whioh had boon replaced by rendy-mado garments moro than oneo sinoo he came there, und whioh yot wore threadbare and wijpt at tho edgos. Ho looked nt his wasted, almost transparent hands, where tho muscles hadbcen so firm and tho flesh so hard und brown, in those old days by tlio salmon river. Yos, it was long, very long. Suspioion, watchfulness, must havo been worn out long ago. Why could he sot got away. Tho Vioar had various oxorisos. Tho danger was not over. His lodger was u marked man. Any movements in that lonely spot would ox- oito curiosity. And then thero was tho question of money. It would cost a good deul of monoy to got him out of England— to pay his passuge to the Capo. "And you wouldn't like to lund there ponnilesB," said tho Viour. Penniless, yes— penniless undor tho stars. Ho would not tear. Besides, ho had friends in Louuuu — Xriuuds who would gladly help him — men to whom money was of no account— if ho could remember their names, or where to find them. Ah, there was tho agony ! Ho oould not re member. Names, localities, ovon tho fao.es of tho past woro lost in vaguoness and shadow. Faces haunted him— fnoos appeared to him— rooms in -which ho seemed to havo lived — gardons whoso .over y treo and shrub soemed familiar— hut ho could ' mot distinguish memories from dreams — tho things whioh ihad boon, and woro real ovon to-day, from the tilings that his fdnoy invented. If Sibyl could have known how, through the clouds that darkened ovor mind and memory, ono imago had shone out oloarly, unchanged und unforgolteu, and that imago hers ; if she could have heard his appeal to his gaolor, repented day after day, "Lot mo soo her. Has she had my lottor ? Havo you sent a messenger to Ellerslie, as you said you would?" and how, day by day, ho was put off with oxousos and postponements. Sho wus ahrond— in tho south of France — an assertion that had boon justiflod by her actual ahsonao in several winters — but tho samo story had boon told him when she wus at .Dunluco Cnstlo. To- morrow and to morrow. ' Thero bad always been 'tho same promiso that his desire shouldho roalised'hy-and- by— and as the brain weakoned he hod'grown to beliove in that by-and-hy, and to wait and watoli fOr her ooraing. ; < Ho had written many , suoh sorawls as the one whioh rouohod her hands — hut ou tho last occasion he had beon fortunate in his mos- senger, a vri'otohod Jhok-of- nll-trhdos who lived in a hovel at St. Judo's, and did odd jobs of work for tho farmers, ' The key had been loft' in tho look of the garden door for onoe in a way, and Brandon, who was allowed to walk aionointhisjoyloBSonolosuro,hadoponedthodoor unobserved and gone out into the lane. Ho had no idon of os'oape now, having boon told that escape wasliopelosB — ho wus too woak and helploss ovon to contemplate) any aot requiring prompt deoision or sustained exertion. ' He only wanted to see Sibyl— to find some mes senger who would osrry his appeal. Tho " gardon door opened on the heath, but ho could heat tho sound of a plok on tho road a little way off, and - oould see a bont .figure breaking stones. , It was tho Jook-oit-all- trades doing u spoil of parish work— and to him Brandon Mountford Intrusted his messago— n scrap of jjapor hastily written upon ,0s hie; stood on tho wind- blown road; ' . tore oontinubd to-morrow.) "' Ylaud: "No;'T will not marry you." Griffin,.; bitterly': "Thank, you. I ve done everything I can to ploase you. (Moro bitterly.) Is there anything else I oan do for. you before wo part?" Maud: .'(Oh, if you. really fool yourself undor uny obligation, you oan mention to your friends that I'vo rofusod you. . .It will save me heaps of troublo." 