A MAN AND HIS DESTINY. By Oliver H. Growden. PART III. CHAPTER XXV. Continued. WHAT YOU GET BY GOING OUT INTO THE WORLD. " A penny for your thoughts, Mr. Godby - no, no, go on smoking," she said, anticipating him. Mr. "Godby" was sitting by himself under the porch in the cool of the evening. Bertha had approached by one of the garden paths, watering-can in hand. The sun was on the point of disappearing behind the hills, and one or two early stars were visible. " How long was Paul - I mean the apostle - in the wilderness realising himself, Miss Matthews ?" " I am not sure, Mr. Godby ; but I don't think it was as long as six months." Armitage had not been quite sure when he spoke, whether he was in jest or earnest. He was in the same doubt as to the tone of the reply. Bertha stood leaning against the balustrade a yard or two away, and associating the new tone with the new change in him ; and he, taking advantage of her permission, looked at her through a wreath of smoke before answering. " I am of an enquiring turn of mind tonight, Miss Matthews ; and I want to put a conundrum. Do you believe the world is any better for all the sermons that have been preached in it ?" " And I am a young person of enthusiasms, Mr. Godby--uncle says it's because I haven't travelled so much and seen so much of the world as he has - but I do believe the world is better, because I find the sermons have done me good. Don't you think so yourself ?" " One is at a disadvantage, you see. You can't speak from one condition only. Until we can crystallise the ' might have been' into fact, how are we to speak with certainty ?" " You mean we want some fairy to give us the power to see things as they would be without sermons, as well as they are with sermons ?" " Yes--yourself, for instance ; you would have been just as good as you are if never a sermon had been preached, Miss Matthews." " We can't say," she answered with a laugh, " because on your own showing we don't know anything about the 'might have been.' That's a palpable hit, isn't it ?" " Quite ; but I think I can speak with a fair measure of certainty." " No, you can't, because there is something left out of your calculations besides the ' might have been.' " " What is that ?" " You want another fairy to give you the power of seeing people (me included) as they are, and not as they seem." " No doubt ; with some of us, I expect, the result would surprise ourselves as much as anyone else." " Now you are trying to think of something cynical - you men of the world are so proud of your cynicism, Mr. Godby." " Not at all. I'll give you a chance of being cynieal if you like ; tell me candidly what you think of the sermons, the church and all the rest of it ?" " I don't think it is my place to criticise," she said seriously. " I look on an earnest poem or an earnest sermon as a new force to enter into one's life and make it better. But now I am preaching, am I not ?" " If you are, you are doing it very nicely, and I won't criticise, and shall wait for your sermon to sink into my life and make it better." " Now you are sneering." " No, I am not. If you will allow me to say so, Miss Matthews, I - I believe in you -- you are doing me good now." " Why do you say you believe in me as if you didn't believe in other people generally ? Don't you ? Is that part of the training you get by going out and seeing the world ?" " Very often it is." " Suppose we go inside. Mr. Godby ?" " No, please don't go ; I am a man of moods, I have one now - and it is to sit here in the shade and talk. Have you ever read the life of Cromwell ? You know the story of the dark figure that came to his bedside one night ?" " And told him of the greatness to come -- yes." " What do you think that figure was ?" "I don't know. Possibly one of the three witches who did something the same for Macbeth. Possibly, I suppose, the ghost of a heavy supper." " Do you know, I think we are all Cromwells. I believe there is a point in every man's life when a figure comes to his bedside - like that which came to Cromwell's --and touches him, and he is never quite the same man afterwards." " Has that - have you been a Cromwell in your time ?" " Yes, it came during the time I was away - while I was in the wilderness, and its name is the Past." " And what did it say about future greatness ?" " It didn't say anything. It made me understand that a man is never so much like suicide as when he realises he stands ¡ face to face with his past." " And never so little like it as when he realises that he stands face to face with his future." " The future to bring us fear ; the past to bring us remorse," said Armitage, looking down, with his elbows on his knees. " Miss Matthews, what are your views of life ? Is it a good thing or a bad thing ?" " I have found it a good thing, and I believe it is a good thing." " But are we not more sensible to pain than to pleasure ? Is not the undertone of all the thought of the world sad ? The philosophy of the east says the ocean is only a drop to the tears man has shed ; that of the west says count no man happy till he is evaporated." " I do not think that experience does teach that a life rightly lived has more pain than pleasure. There are more loves than hatreds--and love lasts after death, when hatred is dead and forgotten." " But do not our very loves bring with them new channels of pain--exquisite pain ? The mere facts of parting and death alone--do they not bring pain ?" " They do, but the discipline seems beneficial in the long run. And will I be preaching again--" " But I did not accuse you of preaching in the first place." " Well, then, does not philosophy and religion often deprive both parting and death of their sting ?" " Some say they have found it so." " I think no one who has truly loved anyone, and who has felt both the pain and the pleasure, would refuse to have it otherwise." He paused for a while. " I suppose that is another place where the ' might have been ' crops up. I am afraid we tell ourselves these things pretty often, because we are like children in the dark and are too terrified to own up to the truth. . . . Years ago I foreswore all that such discipline might give. It is one of my penalties that I don't sleep eight hours out of the twenty four, and when I don't sleep I think, and I have thought--of late--that I would give much to have the pain and pleasure of someone to love--wife or daughter. Love ! It would be worship." " You have Paul." " Ah, yes--I have. But that is enough on that subject--let us talk of something else. For instance, what do you think of all I have been saying ?" " Candidly ?" " Candidly." " Then, first of all--that sitting under a porch in the cool air does not agree with you." " Yes--next ?" " That it would be wise not to see any more figures at midnight. And now we must go in." They went in, and Bertha played and sang her merriest, and Paul stood beside her and turned the leaves for her, and thought how much better this was than conquering London, and how much better it was to have common sense than to be a hero. Armitage sat by and watched them quietly, but said nothing. Possibly he realised, too, that there are worse figures than that of the Past to be confronted, for Mr. Chittering was beside him--with several months of accumulated talk to be liquidated. As father and son, and to escape remark, it was necessary for Paul and Armitage to occupy neighbouring suites of rooms. On returning from the Matthews that evening, Armitage threw himself into a chair so that the light of the lamp fell full upon his face. He seemed discouraged. " Paul," he said, " look at me." Paul had disposed himself on a sofa and lit a cigar--he had acquired the habit now--and with his arms twisted under his head, was smoking lazily. It was a natural enough consequence of his situation hat ever since accepting the other's terms, a feeling, strengthening into dislike, had crept into his mind --and it was growing daily. He turned his head slowly and said -- " Well ?" " You remember me when you first knew me--do you notice anything like softening of the brain about me ?" Paul turned away again. " Why ?" " I don't know what is the matter with me--I've been talking sentiment with that girl for half an hour tonight." " By ' that girl ' probably meaning Miss Matthews," said Paul, with a suggestion of a right to be offended. " Yes." " Aren't you starting rather late in the day ? Am I to be in the novel position--of having a rival in my--" ("Father," he was going to say, but stopped.) " Paul, I daresay the time will come when you and I will be sick of the sight of one another and will come to hate one another." " I dare say." "Possibly sooner than we have expected." " I dare say," admitted Paul, callously again. " I must confess you have some mighty queer twists and traits in your composition even now - talking sentiment to a young girl under the stars, for instance." Armitage sat for a while, and looked at him as he lay. " What I was going to say was this-- do you want to marry this girl ?" " Miss Matthews -- yes, certainly." " Are you in love with her ?" " If you don't mind," said Paul with something of the feeling of a good Mohammedan towards an infidel, " we will talk of something else." "Paul," said Armitage, rapidly, " let me do for you what you could never do for yourself - let me tell you you are not capable of falling in love." There is a good deal of expression possible in a puff of tobacco smoke properly directed ; and the puff that Paul emitted in answer to that remark was speech made visible. It curled and twisted on its way upward in actual agonies of contempt. " You are not a man who is capable of strong feeling." " Am I not ?" asked Paul, with a dark frown ; then suddenly twisting himself on his elbow, he said in a low tone : " How dare you say that !" Armitage saw what thought his words had called up in Paul's mind. He had not intended it, and to apologise would have been coarse indelicacy. " I spoke in a general sense," he said, maintaining his expression of countenance. " I mean--" " I don't care what you mean," cried Paul, savagely, lying down again. " Talk of something else, can't you." " I want to talk of yourself." " Well, what about me ?" " You are drinking." " Well ?" " You are gambling." " Well ?" " Don't suppose that I am trying to give you good advice, Paul." Paul turned towards Armitage again, and looked at him with very wide open eyes, and said with unspeakable significance -- " No, don't !" " But if you ask me, you are showing every sign of a young man who bids fair to go to the dogs." " But, you see, I don't ask you anything about it." " Fact, Paul, nevertheless." " Good heavens ! what else would you look for ? What have I been doing for the last six months ? It's a case of being driven to the devil in rags, or going there at my own pace in broad cloth. I prefer broad cloth and my own pace. There's " nothing of the hero about me." " A very sensible resolve, Paul. But there's another point - and again don't suppose I am persuming to give you good advice : Why go at all ?" " Why does anyone go ? Why --" " Why did I go, you would say ?" " Yes." Armitage drew in a long breath. The pupils of his eves seemed to grow larger and darker. One would have thought he was about to commit himself unreservedly to good advice. But he checked himself. " Our bargain," he said, " was that I should pay for a name of five letters - I am content to let it stay at that." " By that same token I bought a name of four letters - I'm content to let it stay at that, too. What's the use? Nothing matters. Vive la what's its name." " I've heard all that before. It's a very good motto for the blase young man with a rent iroll of £5,000 a year. You may be all that can be wished in the way of a candidate for blase young manhood," said Armitage with fatherly satire ; "but don't forget that the rent roll in this case, though good and sufficient of its kind, so far as it goes, is not the Bank of England." " I'll take the risk. I'm - I'm not St. George any more now, you know. I'll have my fun first ; as for the future there is no future." " Please yourself. It's a matter of value received with both of us - you're as free as I am. Only remember it is always the unexpected that happens." " Then I'll forestall fate by expecting the worst." " It is hard to be original, Paul. Has it never struck you that a profession is an excellent thing to fall back on - why not acquire a profession ?" " A profession ? A distinction without a difference," he answered with a laugh. " I'll live by a pretension instead." " If that is your final decision, of course I can say no more." Paul nodded. " There's nothing in life worth bothering about. If you live one way, it's a tragedy. If you live it another way, it's a farce. I prefer it as a farce. I have had enough of the tragedy part." " There's always the chance of the one becoming the other." " It has become the other with me already. It has changed from tragedy to farce -- so there is one chance less of its turning back again." " Allah il allah ! Good night, Paul." " Goodnight." ("The young sycophant !") ("The old fox !") When Armitage reached his room, he did not immediately retire, but sat and thought. He was becoming seriously dissatisfied with himself. He did not understand it. He had not only been talking sentiment with a young girl under the stars ; but now, looking back, he could not disguise the fact that he had meant the sentiment while he spoke it, and that he felt it was true now. More than that, in spite of his best intentions and of his express disclaimer that he intended anything in the way of good advice in what he had said to Paul, he had to admit that he had so intended it, nevertheless. He had to confess that he had been false to himself ; and, what was more serious, he felt possibilities of more falseness to himself in the future. He could not trust himself. He felt that if the temptation came upon him, he would fall again and give more good advice ; and then insidiously it would get from words into actions, and he would find himself doing good as well as saying it. This was not what he had proposed to himself in the beginning - and he felt the disappointment of a man who has not come up to his ideal. It seemed to him that he could trace the first faint beginning of it to a circumstance that was absurdly trivial -- a mere inscription on a tombstone which had read " Armitage " and not " Hawthorn." And with something like a sigh at how little one knows oneself Armitage put out his light and went to bed. CHAPTER XXVI. PAUL'S ILLUSION AGAIN, AND THE CONSUMMATE TACT OF A MUCH TRAVELLED MAN. From the moment Mark became aware that he had seen the man called Nicholas Godby, all the resentment He had ever felt for his father's cowardly enemy sprang up into ominous vitality. But now - after what Gertrude had revealed to him, he was at a white heat of Corsican hatred. All the possibilities of an impressionable nature were realised in the intensity of his desire to meet this man. All that Richard Armitage had felt - more than he had found words to put in his letter to his wife - had descended to his son. Mark proposed no plan of action to himself - perhaps his confusion of mind was too great for that as yet. There was, in fact, a certain amount of insanity about it - he was consumed by the one desire to look into this man's eyes -- to see them blench before the wrath in his own -- to have his face before him, to do all those things that lurk half suggested in the mind when teeth and hands clench involuntarily with a fierce life of their own. Possibly, too, he shrank from looking his purpose in the face because he feared to think what it really was. The wider our vision and the more varied our experience, the less the strength of special emotion. Obversely, a man with one idea will concentrate till he culminates in monomania. That may be a platitude, but it is as well to bear its significance in mind. Mark remembered the face he had seen on board the Arimathea perfectly, and he looked for it every day in the street. What he would do if he saw it suddenly in the throng, be did not know. He waited with a kind of fatalism for the inspiration of the moment and of his passion. The occasion was soon to come. Walking along one day with his one thought uppermost in his mind, he saw a cab approaching through a thick drizzle that had set in. It was early evening, and the streets were lighted. He stood near one of the lamps and waited. He did not know why ; but this cab for some reason fixed his attention and roused a feeling of expectancy in his mind. Presently it entered the ring of light, and Mark beat forward intently. It was the face. Acting on the impulse that took possession of him Mark sprang into the roadway, seized the reins and called out -- " Hold on, cab ! Stop ! Mr. Godby, I must speak to you for a moment !" Armitage, if not always on the alert, always with a grim preparedness in the background of his consciousness, had his suspicions aroused at once. He looked out and caught sight of Mark's face. He had no idea who it could he, but it was impossible not to read the deadly menace in the eyes that met his in the lamplight. " Drive on !" " Stop, I tell you !" cried Mark keeping his hold on the reins. " Drive on ! D-- you ! drive on, and I'll treble your fare !" The horses had obeyed the sudden check, and the cabman had involuntarily obeyed the order. " Stop ! I'll pay your fare twenty times over." " And I'll give you five pounds to cut the scoundrel over the face with your whip !" roared Armitage, his face white with passion as he glared down at the man in the road. The restive horses reared and plunged. The half druuken driver raised his whip. It whistled through the air and descended in a stinging slash across the face of the man below him. Mark was dragged forward, still recklessly retaining his grip. The driver's blood was up. Down came the whip again. Mark staggered back, bruised, covered with dust, bleeding, and saved from a cruel death by a hair's breadth. The cab dashed on with Mark in full chase. He stopped after a few yards. Luckily the place and the moment had favoured him. He had escaped attention. To traverse another ten paces might end in an arrest as a drunkard or a lunatic. Just then a cab drove up. He hailed it, pointed to the lights of the one in front, and the driver set off in hot pursuit. * * * * * * * * * * * * * ** * * * * * * * * * * * * * * " As I was remarking just before you came in Mr. Godby," Mr. Chittering was saying, with a feeling that he had said something worth repeating, " one may wish to make no pretensions to superior wisdom or anything of the sort, but when a man's experience has shown him the vile material of which the world is composed, he is driven, as I have been driven, to -- Great heaven ! What is that ?" It was the sound of a door banged violently, followed by voices and scuffling in the passage. Then the door of the room was burst open, and a man without his hat, with a blood stained handkerchief held to his face, and his eyes glaring more like those of a wild animal than of a man, stood in the opening and glanced rapidly round the room. " Heavens and earth !" cried Mr. Chittering, with all the dignity possible to five feet two. " Who are you, sir ? What do you mean ? Are you mad ? Get out of my house !" Besides Mr. Chittering and Armitage, Paul and a strange gentleman were present. Mark's gaze, partly from tbe confusion of the blow, partly through the sudden glare of the light, went uncertainly but intently from point to point in the room, and at last fixed on Armitage. He did not speak, there was a faintness coming over him, clouds kept spinning in front of his eyes, and he breathed as hard and felt as exhausted as if he had been running for miles. His one clear impulse was to grapple with his enemy. He took a pace towards him, trying in a mechanical way to avoid Mr. Chittering, as if he was a mere accidental obstacle. " Is the man mad ? Do you hear me, sir ?" cried Mr. Chittering inflating himself and stepping in front of Mark again. " Where is my man ? John," as his man appeared at the door. " What do you mean by allowing this person in ? Remove him this instant." " Cert'nly, sir," said John, who had already encountered Mark, not offering to move from the doorway. " You, sir ! will you step this way ?" " Oh, it's no use saying step this way !" exclaimed Mr. Chittering in wrath and contempt, still manoeuvering to keep himself in front of Mark, who, with his eyes fixed on Armitage, was steadily driving Mr. Chittering back. " Come and remove him. Go back, sir ! Godby, who is this lunatic ? Go back ! John ! ! Must I speak again ?" John had at one time been a policeman, and was not naturally a brave man ; but he saw the alternative of a week's notice in his master's eye, and came forward with a sickly pretence of resolution. " This won't do, sir, you know," he said mildly, taking Mark by the sleeve, " This isn't the place for you. You come along with me." Mr. Chittering looked at his man for one breathless instant. " Leave the room !" he said. " Coward ! Poltroon ! Out with you Í* And John, seeing there was not even an alternative in that terrible eye now, went accordingly. Only a few moments had passed. Mark had been partly stunned by the blows he had received and by the concussion as the horses had plunged forward. He was fighting with a mist and the floor heaved and swelled beaeath him like a deck. " No, no, gentlemen," said Mr. Chittering, as Paul and the strange gentleman rose, " I can manage this myself. To a man of my --. Confound you, sir, I'll make you speak at any rate," and he put his hands on Mark's shoulders and shook him. A change passed over Mark's face. The shaking aroused him. He seemed to realise for the first time what Mr. Chittering was doing, and he took hold of him with the grip that he had been keeping in reserve for Armitage. All three rose at once, but Mr. Chittering put out one hand appealingly. " No, gentlemen, pray do not - I entreat ! There will be a struggle - and things will be broken !" He went through what in one of his build seemed an impossible feat of gymnastics, and twisted himself free with such force that he spun completely round in the middle of the floor with his coat over his head like a hood. When he recovered himself his face was toward the window, and coming along the garden path, Bertha and Gertrude strolled into view, Bertha talking very earnestly. Paul and the strange gentleman had risen resolutely to their feet for the last time and were on the point of setting upon Mark and putting a summary end to the disturbance, when Mr. Chittering, in greater distress than ever, said imploringly - " Do not, gentlemen, pray do not ! Here are the ladies. Ah ! would you !' and he was in front of Mark again ; but his interference was not needed. The faintness which had been gradually winning upon Mark, and which only the violence of his feelings had held at bay, overcame him and he sank down, without, however, losing consciousness. " Mr. Chittering," said Armitage, " I don't know who this fellow can be, but if you do not insist upon his leaving or being put out, the only course is for me to go myself." " But, my dear sir - you see," said Mr. Chittering, with a helpless gesture, " he won't go. Do not, I pray, do not let us have a scene - here are the ladies. Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear !" " Pardon me," said Mark as he sat leaning back with his eyes still straining in the old direction. " But what do you mean, sir," interrupted the old gentleman, excitedly ; " what do you mean by this insane behaviour ?" " This man has attempted to assault me in the street," said Armitage, firmly. " Mr. Chittering, I - I cannot consent to stay a moment, in that man's presence. It is infamous ! Some vile footpad who would rob and murder in open daylight." " But, Mr. Godby, you are my friend -- do not drive me distracted. This is probably," he whispered, " some unfortunate man who is not right in his head. Come now, my good fellow, take a drink of this and let me know what I can do to help you." " I beg your pardon," said Mark again, with a ludicrous sense of the inefficiency of any apology. " There, that's better. Come now, come now," said the old gentleman soothingly. Armitage resumed his seat, with two feeling uppermost in his mind - a curiosity to know what this youngster had to say, and as to who he could be, and a reckless admission of the fact that he might as well grapple with his star and see what its measure of evil was, then, as at any other time. " There's Gertrnde in this somewhere," he said to himself. " Sir," said Mark to Mr. Chittering, " Do you know who this man is ?" Paul glanced at Armitage, whose eyes seemed to protrude ; the whites showed all around them. Mr. Chittering smiled a soothing aquiescence, which became still more soothing as Mark took a stride nearer to him excitedly. " Do you know who he is ?" " Yes : he is my very good friend, Mr. Nicholas Godby." " Do you know what he is ?" " Well, really -" " You don't, and you don't know why I followed him here today. Let him reveal what took place on that raft, if he dare ! Let him," pointing to Paul," if he dare !" " Quiet, Paul," said Armitage placing a hand upon Paul's arm and feeling the quiver that ran through his frame. " Sir," said Mark with a violence of tone and manner that went far to strengthen Mr. Chittering's conviction that he was dealing with a man who was not in his right mind, " that man is guilty of my father's death !" Armitage had not removed his hand, and Paul felt the quiver which had agitated himself reflected with ten-fold force. Mr. Chittering had read somewhere that the wisest way with a lunatic is to treat him as if he were sane. " Yes, my man, yes ! What is your name ? Don't come in now, my dear," he broke off as footsteps halted at the door -- " we - we are engaged." Mark had no thought of the absurdity and uselessness of what he was doing. He was only conscious of the boyish mad impulse, since absolute violence was impossible, to give voice to the rage of resentment that was surging within him. " My name," he cried, " is Mark Armitage, and that man is the man at whose door lies my father's death !" Armitage had for so long trained his face to one immovable expression that it remained a mask even in the terrible moments of numbness that now swept over his brain - when his heart slowed down to thick spasmodic throbs and something dry and hot and hard arose in his throat and choked his breath. Paul, looking towards him, saw a lead grey tint spread from chin to brow, but that was all. It was only for a few moments. Then his mind righted itself again. There could hardly be said - to be any mental process. He simply put the thought from him for the time and listened to what was to follow. " No, no," he told himself, with a resort to that childish self-deception which comes upon us in supreme crisis, " this man was going through a piece of foolish make believe"- schooled himself as to regard himself as the real Nicholas Godby - anything to stave off the full paralysing significance of what he had heard from sinking into his mind. Time for reflection would come, by and by when he would be in his own room. " Let him tell you who was the man on the raft," the voice was saying "- the pariah - the outcast - the convict - the man who was never heard of again - of whose death no one knows anything. I tell you," cried Mark passsionately, struggling against the feeling of faintness which was coming on him again, bringing a tendency to incoherence with it. " I tell you it was a foul devilish conspiracy on the part of this man to save that pitable atomy of humanity beside him." Paul was on his feet in an instant in spite of the vice-like grip that closed about his wrist. " Silence !" he burst out. " How dare you !" " Paul," thundered Armitage in a voice that made both Paul and Mark inaudible, and even startled the latter into a moment's silence. To Be Continued Next Saturday. 