General News. Helping "The Southern Cross."— Mr. W. Upton, of Balaclava, writes:— " With regard to improving the paper and increasing its circulation, a good deal could be done perhaps by subscribers and supporters w.ho can write contributing articles on subjects they think would be interesting to the readers of The Cross. If the paper cannot be enlarged for this purpose the type could be reduced in size. The priests could also do a great deal in its favor. They could, for instance, find out in their respective districts who could afford to take the paper and prevail on them to take it. A good deal can be done in these two directions, especially if times improve, as there are a good many who would take the paper if they could afford it." Juvenile Communion at the Port.— On Thursday, August 15, St. Mary's Star of the Sea, Port Adelaide, was the scene of a ceremony dear to the heart of every parent, and indeed to all good Christians, namely, that of First Com munion. There was also the investment of the children in the scapular of Our Lady of Mount Carmel, and a reception of the Children of Mary. After months of careful and assiduous training on the parts of both priests and Sisters 66 chil dren suitably attired—the girls in white dresses with white veils, and the boys in dark suits — approached the Sacred Banquet for the first time. This is the third contingent within a year, in all amounting to 150 children, who have made their first communion here. The demeanor of the little ones showed the thoroughness of their preparation ; nor is this to be wondered at when we learn that no child is permitted to receive First Communion whom Father Williams does not hear from the first to the last ques tion of the catechism, keeping a record of the answering. Few clergymen have devoted more time and attention to the interests of' the rising generation than Father Williams, and as he so eloquently expressed it in his touching addreBsto the children, " If they should ever stray from the path of duty, it would not be for want of knowing better." He also im pressed upon them, no matter what influence might be brought to bear, never to neglect Mass. . The com municants afterwards adjourned to the schoolroom, which was tastefully decorated with bunting, evergreens, &e.;, and par took of a substantial breakfast, kindly provided by Mrs. Whailin and one or two other ladies of the congregation. Daring the day a children's bazaar in aid of the Holy Childhood was held, under the man agement of Miss Whailin. This is not the first time in which this young lady has interested herself on behalf of this noble and deserving work, her undertaking on Thursday was as usual a success, having realized something °«er would credit that the efforts of little children banded together could do so much in God's church. Already J;he little Australians have sent °Lei^. ■'to the Central Director of the Society. Father Cornes presided at the piano, adding considerably to the amusement of the juveniles, and doing much to make the day a happy and a memorable one for them. £he State Advances Bill.—The tables are being completely turned on the opponents of this measure. The meetings held. have all been in favor of the Bill although some of them, notably one at urlenelg, were called to condemn it. But the people who came to curse remained to Pfy. Numerous petitions from all parts of the colony have also been presented in its favour from depositors in the Savings Bank, "he Chamber of Commerce inten ded arranging for a meeting of depositors in Adelaide to oppose the measure, but finding that the feeling was the other way, they have quietly dropped it, and now the Treasurer has carried the war into the enemies' country by addressing a meeting in the Town Hall, in which he clearly explained the scope of the Bill, and had the audience entirely with him.' All the farmers in both Houses are sup porting the Credit Foucier. Mr. Butler made an admirable speech on the question last week. Mr. Daly's Seat for Limerick.—By a majority of 182 the House of Commons have affirmed that Mr. John Daly, who was returned unopposed for Limerick, his native city, at the late elections, is not eligible to take his seat. This was a fore gone conclusion, as Mr. Daly is still in prison, and his election was a protest with a view to facilitate his release. Michael Davitt and O'Donovan Rossa, who were elected some years ago under similar circumstances, were debarred from sitting. John Mitchell, the unrepentant rebel of '48, was also treated in a similar manner. Mr. Daly's connection with the alleged dynamite plot for which he was condemned is very doubtful. He is erroneously reckoned a Redmondite. As a matter of fact, he has had no opportunity of ex pressing an opinion on present party politics. A supporter of Mr. McCarthy will, in all probability, secure the seat. A Catholic Young Ladies' Literary Society. — After the officers of St. Patrick's Literary Society had concluded their interview with His Grace the Arch bishop, they took advantage of the oppor tunity to place before His Grace a proposal originating among the Catholic young ladies of the city, to form a literary society for themselves. Mr. P. F. O'Dea said that there had been a suggestion made that the idea might be practically effected by admitting the ladies as associates of St. Patrick's Society. Whether they should meet on the same night and other preliminary details had yet to be decided. The advantages to be derived from having some connection with St. Patrick's Society would be that the members would have the opportunity to compete at the Literary Societies' Union competitions in the musical and other items, and they would also have the use of St. Patrick's library. His Grace concurred with the idea, and thought it would be well if the new society would become the ladies' branch of St. Patrick's Society, and that they should be allowed to manage their own affairs and meet on a night for themselves. Occasional interchangesof visits between the branches would be conducive to advancement. Having obtained the approval of the Archbishop steps will be taken to form the new branch. New South Wales Legislative Coun lic.—Of the new members appointed by Mr. Reid to the Upper House two are Catholics. The Hon. Daniel O'Connor was born in Tipperary in 1844, and with his parents arrived in the colony in 1854. In 1877 he steod for West Sydney in the freetrade interest, and was returned. He was re-elected eight times in succession, and can point to a good record of legisla tive work. He twice occupied the position of Postmaster-General. . In 1855, at a public banquet in the Masonic Hall, he was presented with an address from the representatives of labor in all parts of Australia. Mr. O'Connor was at one time a member of the Legislative Council, but resigned. The Hon. John Hughes is a native of the colony, and was born in the year 1857. the late John Hughes, K.C.S.G., was his father. He was edu cated at the Jesuit College, Stoneyhurst, England, and on his return to the colony was articled to Mr. H. M. Makinson, of the Firm of Ellis and Makinson. Mr. Hughes is now a member of the firm of Hughes, Hughes, and Digby, solicitors, of Sydney. He has taken considerable interest in the municipal life of the city, and represented Fitzroy Ward in the City Council for three years. Soon after his father's death he received the Papal decoration of Commendatore of St» Gregory.—Sydney Freeman. Complimentary Social.—-Mr. J. W. Ryan, the popular District Secretary of the Hibernian ^society in Victoria, who was on a brief visit to the colony last week, was entertained at the Criterion Hotel by the local District Executive and several branch officers on Wednesdays 14th inst. The D.P. (Bro. E. Phair) pre sided, and Bro. J. J. Sullivan, J.P., occu pied the vibe-chair. The chairman in welcoming the guest explained that the gathering had been arranged at a few hours' notice; otherwise a larger assem blage might have been looked for. Bro. F. B. Keogh, in proposing the health of the visitor, referred at length to the valuable services rendered by Bro. Ryan whilst occupying the position of O.S. Biro. Ryan in reply spoke of the progress of the society throughout Australia and Hew Zealaud, and testified to the energy of the South Australian district in open ing female' and juvenile contingents wherever practicable, a practice which had been neglected by all the other colonies. The other toasts honored were —" The society," " Ireland," " Past dis trict officers," " Chief superintendent," "Other Catholic institutions," and "Our host" ; the respective speakers being Brothers Phair, Crocker, Smith, J. Bradley, Sullivan, G. R. Bradley, Clark, Fitzpatrick, Mannion, Morrissey, P. J. Broderick, and D. Young. Songs and recitations were contributed by Brothers Smith, McHugh, McCabe, Morrissey, Hill, Phair, Healy, Siebert, Bradley, Broderick, and Mannion. Adelaide Racing Clob.— On the Old Course on Saturday the grand national meeting was brought to a close, and a capital day's sport was provided. The excellent arrangements of the committee and their secretary (Mr. Heseltine) con tributed greatly to the success of the meeting. The weather kept fine and had the effect of bringing a very large atten dance to witness the sport. The totaliza tor was well patronised, £10,256 10s. passing through the machine, and very acceptable dividends were paid. The hurdles was a chapter of accidents, no less than seven of the thirteen starters coming to grief, the riders escaping with slight injuries. The results were as follows : — Selling Race, Rosedale ; Second Hurdle Race, Jack Sprat; Mayor's Mile, Birksgate ; Grand National Steeplechase, Actress 1, Doric 2, Sneaker 3, dividend £8 2s. ; Dequetteville Stakes, Thunder Queen; Corporation Stakes, Wrangler. St. Patrick's Literary Society and the Archbishop.—Following an old cus tom the newly elected officers of St. Patrick's Literary Society called upon His Grace the Archbishop on Sunday afternoon, August 18, by appointment. The vice- president (Mr. P. F. O'Dea), secretary (Mr. R P. Denny), financial secretary (Mr. R. J. Cavanagh), and the members of the committee (Messrs. W. J. Denny, F. B. Keogh, and J. J. Mulla ney) attended. Dr. O'Reily expressed his pleasure at meeting the officers of the society for the first time, and his gratifica tion at the work the society was doing. He thought that the Catholic societies (not only literary societies) ought to establish external bond of union, to give practical effect to the unity which exists among members of the church. He re gretted that his work and the state of his health would debar him from attending the annual commemoration of the society, especially as lie looked upon such gather ings as very desirable ; for they 6erve a dpuble purpose—to bring the Catholics into contact with one another socially, and to give them an idea of their strength. If they knew their strength and united themselves they could then have Borne practical influence eh the trend of politics ill directions where they feltitwas required. His Grace signified his willingness to become, patron of St. Patrick's Society, and said that in the time to come, when the hard work he had before him was lessened, he would occasionally visit the society and take a more practical interest in it. After an hour's interview the officers, thanking the Archbishop for his valuable counsel and assurances of his interest in the society, withdrew. Hibernian Social.—The annual social in connection with the H-A.C.B. Society takes place in the Co-Operative Hall next Friday evening. In addition to the usual dancing a good programme of musical selections will be contributed by well known amateurs. Tickets are obtainable only from committee, or Healy's, Hindley Street. Bank Notes.—The recent conference of bankers proposed a new departure in the matter of banknotes. The suggestion is that a Banking Commission be appointed partly by the banks and partly by the State. The Commission is to be the sole source of the note issue, and will supply notes to the banks. Each bank will depbBit with the Commission gold to the full amount of the notes issued to it, and the Commission will invest 76 or 80 per -cent, of this in Australasian Government securities, and retain the rest as a reserve. Notes to be legal tender everywhere save at the' bank's head office. _ The income froih the .Government securities deposited to be'collected by the Commission, which will pay oiit of it the expenses of main taining the tiotSe issue. After these are paid, naif the balance is to go to the Government m lieu of tke prCsbnt note tax, and the other half to be divided among the ba«ka. Any bank requiring an extra supply Qf notes in case of emer gency to, get them on depositing 20 per cent, of the amount in gold and 80 per cent, in Government securities. St. Francis Xavier's Literary Society.—Usual weekly meeting of the above society held in St. Francis Xavier's Hall on Thursday evening, August 15. The president (Mr. A. MacDonald) pre sided. Mr. F. White was elected a member of the society. The programme was "Juniors' Night," in charge of Messrs. -W. Pritchard and F. J. Gamper. Readings were given by Messrs. J. Culle ney on " Catholic emancipation," F. Dickin on " Edmund Burke," and C. Donoghue on "The fate of Burns." Recitations—Messrs. S. Creegan, " A face on the floorW. Pritchard, "Norah's Vows;" and .7. Murphy. The junior magazine, The Young Austral, edited by Messrs. Pritchard and Gamper, consisted of an editorial on " Our parliament," and contributions on "Socialism," "A walk in the hills,"Some familiar changes," and "Snap shots." Messrs. C. W. James, H. Cronin, A. J. Korff, and H. Richardson criticised, and congratu lated the managers of the evening's pro gramme. Mr. C. W. James welcomed Mr. W. J. Denny, of St. Patrick's Literary Society, who was present during the evening. Theological Student.—All old friends and college acquaintances of Mr. J. P. McManamny will be pleased to hear that he has completed his ecclesiastical studies at Manley, New South Wales, and is at present en route for the Capranaca College, Rome, where he will still further pursue his studies in theology (being at present too young to be raised to the dignity of the priesthood). He arrived by the Orizaba on Monday, and during his short visit to Adelaide was the guest of Mr. P. McNamara, Carrington Street. He was educated at St. Aloysuis' College, Seven hills, and the Christian Brothers' College, Adelaide. Before going to Manley, how ever, he spent some time at the college conducted by the Holy Ghost Fathers, Ballarat. Whilst in Adelaide he was the recipient of numerous congratulations from his admirers, and on Wednesday was accompanied on board the mail boat by a number of past pupils of the C. B. College. The Hon. Edward Blake.—The Hon. Edward Blake, Q.C., member for South Longford, will sail for Australia via San Francisco on November 9, as he has been appointed umpire in the dispute between theNewZealand Government and the Mid land Railway Company, Sir Bruce Burnside acting as arbitrator for the company and Sir Charles Lilley, late Chief Justice of Queensland, for the Government. Mr. Blake contemplates spending three weeks in Sydney and Melbourne. St. Ignatius' Guild.—The usual fort nightly meeting of the above society was held in the Schoolroom, Bridge Street, on Monday evening last. There was a large attendance, including the Rev. Father O'Brien, S.J. The president (Mr. Cant well) presided. Mrs. Morris kindly acted as pianiste for the evening. The follow ing are the names of those who contributed to the evening's programme : Mrs. Morris, Mr. Bengtell, Mr. Daly, Miss Dibble, Master W. Melville, Rev. Father O'Brien, Mr. T. Ryan, Miss Scanlan, Mr. O'Toole, Miss E. Lynch, and Mr. Bridgewood. Queen of Angels' Literary Society. —The usual weekly meeting was held on Wednesday, the president (Mr. F. J. Eeough) presiding over a large attendance. Mr. W. Hoban read the spiritual chapter, after which a novelty was introduced in the form of a quintette by Messrs. C. Supple, L. McMahon, J. McCormack, F. Moore, and J. McMahon. The evening's programme was a "Question Box," in charge of Mr. D. Hogan, who supplied' the questions on the previous Wednesday for each member to answer in the form of an essay, the following taking part :—Mr. F. Keough, " What is your opinion of the State Advances Bill ?" Mr. D. F. Brazel, " Are you in faver of private ownership of land being abolished ?" C. Supple, " Are you in favor of admitting Asiatics into Australia 1 " J. McCormack, " What is your opinion of Mr. Holden's action in the late reformatory case ?" whilst Mr. D. Hogan wrote a paper on the " Power of speech." Mr. F. Hogan was elected a member of the society. Brough-Boucicault Company.—This talented combination opens at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday next. The company has been reconstructed since its last ap Searance in Adelaide, and Miss Olifle, [iss Faber, . and Messrs. Talbot and M. Elwood are new to Adelaide audiences, and are highly spoken of. The Brough Boucicault Company have always been a favorite in Adelaide, and wo predict a successful season. Cumberland Hotel.—Mr. P. J. Healy, late of the Hampshire Hotel, Grote Street, is now proprietor of the above hotel.. The C umberlandafforde every accommodation for the comfort and convenience of its patrons, and the landlord is always glad to welcome them. Boafeders can tye accommodated at moderate rates. 