ADDRESS BY D. L JUOODF. 5- at AROUSEs Part III. Some men talk as if it were a crest mia for tune that they do not believe. They seem to look at it as a kind of infirmity, and think they ought to be pitied and sympathised with But, bear in mind that it is the most damning on in the world " When He, the Holy Ghost is come, He will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness and of judgment; of sin because they believe not on Me " That is the son of the world, became they believe not on Me" That it the very root of sin and the fruit is bad he cause the tree is bad May God open our eyes to see that He is true, and may we all be led to put our fullest trust in Christ But you say "I do not know what it is to believe ' that in another excuse Well, let me put it differently Suppose I say "Than Him' Just take Him at His word Believe that He really invites you-that He wants you to come If you do not know what it is to believe, will you not trust God '' But here is another one who says " I should like to come a very much, but I am afraid I Should not hold out ' Now, I have had a rule for a number of years that has been a great help to me never to cross a mountain until you come to it You trust Christ to save you to night The devil throws a little straw across your path, and then tries to magnify it, and makes you think it is a great mountain Never mind the mountains, trust Him to night to save you If He can save you to night, he can keep you to-morrow when you have sat down at the banquet, and had one good feast When you have had one interview with Christ you will not want to leave Him I accepted this invitation 20 years ago, and I have never wanted to go back. I have not had to keep myself all these years I would have been back in 24 hours if I had But, thank God, we do not have to keep ourselves The Lord is my keeper, my shepherd I shall not want He keeps us It takes the same grace to keep us as it does to save us And God has told us that " My grace is sufficient for you " But some people are not at all afraid of falling away. They are sure that God is quite able to save them, and quite strong enough to keep them." But when you ask them if they are Christians, they say. "Well, you know, I would like to be, bull hath no time." If I were to go to the door to-night, and take you by the band and say, " My friend, why not accept of the invitation to night ?" Some of you would say, " Please just excuse me to- night. I have really no time. I have got some very pressing business to attend to to-morrow morning, and I have to go home as fast as possible to get my night's rest You must really excuse me." And the mothers would say, " We have to run home and put the children to bed ; you must excuse us for this time." So thousands and thousands say they have no time to be religious. But, my friends, what have you done with. the time that God has given you? What have you been doing all these months and years since He gave you birth ? Is it true you have no time? What did you do with the 365 days of last year ? Had you no time during all these 12 months to seek the Kingdom of God ? You spend 20 years in getting an education to enable you to earn a living for that poor frail body, so soon to be eaten up of worms. You spend seven or eight years in learning a trade, that you may earn your daily bread, and yet you have not five minutes to accept of this invitation of Christ's ! My friend bear in mind you have got to find time to die, to stand in the presence of the Judge. And when He calls you to stand before that bar will you dare to tell him that you have no time to prepare for the marriage supper of His Son! You have) no time I Take time! Let everything else be laid aside until you have accepted of this invitation. Do you not know that it is a lie? "Seek first the Kingdom of God." Let the children sit up a little late to-night. Let your business be suspended to-morrow. Suppose you do not get so much money to-morrow. What matter if you get Christ ? Better for a man to be sure of salvation than to " gain the whole world and lose his own soul." But you say "I would like to become a Christian, but I have a prejudice against these special meetings, and against Americans, and against laymen too. If it was a regular ministry, and it was our regular minister, I would accept the invitation." If that is your difficulty, I can help you out of it. You can just get right up and go out of this hall, and walk straight over to your minister, and have a talk with him. And if you do not want to be converted in a special meeting there are regular meetings in all the churches throughout the town, and your minister would be heartily glad to talk with you about your soul. But if you say. "There is a great awakening here, and I do not like to be converted in a time of revival," you can step into a train, and go to some town where there is no revival. We can find you some place where there is no revival, without much difficulty. If you really want to go, pray don't give that for an excuse. How wise the devil is ! When the Church is cold and everything is dead, man say. " Oh, well, if there was only some life in the Church, I might become a Christian ; if we could only, havana wave of blessing from heaven, it would be, so easy then." Then when the wave of blessing does come they say, " Oh, no, we are afraid of excitement, and afraid of special meetings. We are afraid something will be done that won't be just in accordance with our ideas of bro priety." Oh, my friends, do not listen to these subtle lies. Come just as you are to Christ, and accept the offer which He makes you now. I wish I had time to go on with these excuses, but they are as numerous as the , hairs of my head. And if I could go on, and tried to exhaust them all, the devil would just help you to make more. The best thing you can do is to tie them all into one bundle and stamp them as a pack of lies, (Zangwill " sweep " them all away if you do not do it now. It is a very solemn thought that God will excuse you if you want to be excused. He does not wish to do it, but he will do it. "As I live, faith the Lord, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked, but that the wicked turn from his way and live. Turn ye. turn ye from your I evil ways ! for why will ye die. Oh, House of Israel *" Look at the Jewish nation They wanted to be excused from the feast. They despised the Grace of God and trampled it under foot, and look at them to day " Yes, it is easy enough to say, I pray thee have me excused, but by and by, God may take you at your word, and say, " Yes, I will excuse yon " And in that lost world, while others who have accepted the invitation sit down to the marriage supper of the Lamb, amid shouts and halle lambs in Heaven you will be crying in the company of the lost "The harvest is past, the summer is ended, and we are not saved !" And, remember, it is the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords who invites you to this feast Come just as you are, and accept the invitation Let the plough stand in the furrow until you have accepted it Let the shop be closed till then; let business be suspended until you have accepted it Let the land rest, yes, let the ox stand in the stall until you have accepted that invitation Make sure, whatever you do that you will not be missing from the marriage supper of the lamb That sainted mother of yours will be there The little child who died a few months ago will be there Young lady ' Do you want to be excused? He will excuse you Do you want to be excused young man He will excuse you You may make light of it to night if you choose "Oh no you say "Ineieido that, whatever I have been guilty of. I have never done that I Hay of you not Suppose I got an invitation to dinner to morrow, I take it, I tear it up I do not answer it is not that making light of it' How many of you will go away to night paying no attention to this invitation Ex serv one who goes home in a careless spirit, won't he be making light of it Are you going to span 1 this evening in acceptingorinmaking light of this invitation God does not want you to die He wants you to accept this imitation and live If you have a good excuse, one that will stand the light of eternity, hold on to it. Do not give it up for anything Take it down with you into the grave Hold it farm, take it to the bar of God, and tell it out to Him But if you have got one that won't stand the test of eternity, one that will not stand the piercing eye of God, I beg of you, as a friend, give it up to night Let it go to the four winds of heaven, and accept the invitation to be at the marriage supper of the Lamb Do not let the laughing, scoffing, mocking world laugh your head into eternal death Do as I did the pilgrim whom John Bunyan describes as starting out from the City of Destruction, crying " Life life ! eternal life to set your face like a flint towards that blessed land and say, "By the grace of God, I will be at the marriage supper of the Lamb." Supposing we should write out here to-night this excuse. How would it sound ? "To the King of Heaven While sitting in a this hall this - day of e, I received a very pressing invitation from one of your servants to be present at the marriage supper of your only begotten Son. I pray thee have me ex- caused." Would you sign that young man ? Would you, mother ? Would you come up to the reporter's table, take up a pen, and put your name down to such an excuse ? You would' say-" Let my right hand forget its cunning, and my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth if I sign that." I doubt if there is one here who would sign it. Will you, then pay no attention to God's invitation ? I beg of you not to make light of it. It is a loving God inviting you to a feast, and God is not to be mocked. Go play with forked lightning I go trifle with pestilence and disease, but trifle not with God. Just let me write out another area er-" To the King of Heaven While sitting in this hall this - day of e, I received a pressing invitation from one of your messengers to be present at the marriage supper of your only begotten Son. I hasten to reply. By the grace of God I will he present." Who will sign that Is there one who will put his name to it Is there no one who will say " By the grace of God I will accept the invitation now 6 May God bring you to a decision just now? How would ever see the kingdom of God, you must decide this question one way or the other. What will you do with it? [Little Sermons are inserted by Ihn" Ladies' Christian Association." 'Aid will be gratefully received by Mrs. Geo Fagg. Mrs, Nicholas. New Town?; frosty sting Nutt, Si, Fitwoy-iAaet.\ 