VANITY PAIR. Br J. M. D. LONDON, Sept. 20. Mr. Labouchere got a return of the gout almost as soon as he came back to London irom Marienbad. Accordingly he went off at once to his old haunt, beautiful Caterabbia, on Lake Como, nowadays a very fashionable place. At Caterabbia the once famous W. H. Hurlbert bad-been living for some months past, in semi-concealment, noc molested by our Public Prosecutor, who had an extra ditable charge of perjury to bring against him, and there Hurlbert is said to have died abont three weeks ago, of cancer, a disease that he always , dreaded. No other country but the United States could have trained and finished such character as Hurlbert. Certainly he had genius, or a wonderful imitation of it to start with ; but American political journalism and conditions of life generally gave him that distinction which proved so attractive and indeed irresistible to Bociety in this country. Hurlbert made his descent on London in '86 after Cleveland's election. Undoubtedly by his pen he' did more than nny one man in the United States to make Cleveland Presi dent. Cleveland in return nominated Hurl /bert to one of the principal European em bassies. Some Republican newspaper thereupon revived the story of how a valuable case of enamels had disappeared from an auction-room whioh. the new ambassador had attended. The nomination was never sabmitted to the Senate for approval. From the very first Hudberfs success in London was phenomenal. The greatest people took him up atonpe. It was in a letter to bimthat Lord Harrington's public announcement of a breach with Mr.Oiadstone on the Home Rule question was first made. Others of our leading politioiaaB openly appealed to him at the time. - ' He had most striking black eyes, a most meaning smile. His hair was olose cropped, and he wore a heavy moustache; reminded one a little of Bismarck,- He was an inoes Bant and fascinating talker, listened to with .never-flagging interest and admiration by Englishmen and by women, to whbm his atyle was new. After May, 1887, his most 'effective story was trdWi one day in aflat in: , New York, about the year i88l. eherida.h had ■j opened* a&fe.; taken out and hhowh to him ■ we originm i'Dear E ^ letter betairig-C. 6. Parnell'a signature, whioh old Pjgott traced against a window-pane and !The Times pub. lisbed. Misplaced love of letter- writing finished Hurlbert's career in London. The correspondence with 'Gladys Evelyn" produced in court was mostly about one. topic; the Btyle and sentiments were] poetical. 0i course Hurlbert was, in a sense, a victim and, strictly Bpeaking, unlucky. Because, had he abstained trom writing letters, society would have overlooked the other incidents in the case. When on a visit to Borne in 1887 Hurlbert married Miss Tracey, daughter of a wealthy American senator, formerly secretary of the United States Navy. None but a wealthy man is nowadays made secretary to the United States Navy; they know that a poor man in that position would steal the Gulf Stream itself. Mrs. Hurlbert Btood by her husband to the end. They had no children. The archasologicnl conscience of the nation has been faintly stirred by the strange pro ceedings of Lord Archibald Campbell and his " pipe band" in the famed region of the Pass of Glencoe. It seems to have been his inten tion to hold a ghosts' smoking concert there in order to defy the residents, who are sup posed to be descendants of the Jacobite Macdonalds Blauehtered by the Whigs in February, 1C92. The Daily News, in an elaborate report, tries to make out tbat the whole Btory was an invention. But Lord Archibald was quite inad enough to have seriously contemplated a sort of historical demonstration. He is a partner in Coutts's Bank among other things. A few years ago Lady Archibald Campbell's pastoral plays in the open air at Wimbledon were the talk of the town. Of late she seems to have quite dropped out of the world. Apparently the Marquis of Londonderry, not Lord Lansdowne, is to be the next British Ambassador in Paris, Lord Dufferin having long passed the age limit. Lady Londonderry, although not so young as Bhe was, is certain to impress Parisian society. She is a constant sufferer from an unusual malady—varicose veins in the arm. About the only consoling reflection for supporters of the late Government while Lord Houghton was Lord Lieutenant of Ireland was that Lady Londonderry entertained the highest possible opinion of the handsome young Viceroy. Sir Frank Lascelles goes as ambassador to I Berlin in place of Sir Edward Malet, and Sir Nicholas O'Conor is promoted from Pekin to St. Petersburg. Both these appointments indicate simply that our Foreign. Office is extremely " short" of diplomatists of the first rank. Lascelles iB aclever, " all-round" man, no doubt. He has had a good deal of ex perience, and is tactful and " canny," like all members of the Lascelles family. O Conor is quiet-mannered and correct in the extreme, married to a niece of the Duke of Norfolk, which is a guarantee of good faith in itself. He was by no means popular with the British community in China, they considering that he did not assert himself sufficiently at Pekin. He has seen something of Russian ways while Berving in the Balkan Penin sula. ~ The Foreign Oflice has been a good deal | embarrassed of recent years by the succes sive deaths or retirements of many veteran ambassadors. But the worst is that young men with the right sort of ability and with aristocratic connections no longer Beem to care for the diplomatic service. Various reasons are suggested for the dearth of recruits. The preliminary examinations are Baid to be too stiff and bookish. Then the modem Foreign Office craze for economic and commercial experts (whose profound essays and exhaustive reports no British mer chant ever reads) tends to turn out pro fessors, not diplomatists. It may be that Continental life is losing its attractions for young Englishmen. Thirty years ago men who didn't happen to care for sport, and had a taste for good cookery, good music, uncon ventional society, and cultured Bohemianism, found England dull, and were almost driven to the " gay capitals " of Europe for amuse ment Nowadays English society is far Jess Btiff, far more amusing than it used to be. London is becoming the most cosmopolitan capital in the world, while Continental cities are no longer cheap to live in, nor unspoilt by the vulgarities and utilities of modern civilisation. Again, every attacJU on entering the diplomatic service muBt possess a private income or allowance of £400 a year. Howard Smith and Sons Limited have sent us their Handbook for Travellers, de scribing the principal ports on the Aus tralian coast (called at by their steamers) from Geraldton in Western Australia to Townaville in Queensland. It contains a great deal of information likely to be handy to persons travelling by Bea, and requiring to know as they proceed what sort of places they are approaching. 'The, work is abun dantly illustrated with photographs, and advertisements have been stuck in in plenty to vary the redding, and give it a steeplechase character. At, the ^ejid, there js a code of | instructions for' captaius and officers which will, no doubt, be of great use to persona who like to understand other people's business as well as their own, ana tonote bow fag diB standard. The third ...officer is stetelFtobe slave of the luggage department, "v.".. 