COUNTRY NOTES. At a meeting of the committee of Kie Newcastle Chamber of Commerce on Friday a reply was received from the managing trustee of the Savings Bank of New South Wales to a letter from the Chamber urging that the business hours at the Newcastle branch of the bank should be extend ed, to the effect that as the Premier proposed to amalgamate the Post Of fice and New South Wales Savings {Banks, the present was an inoppor tune time to make any alteration as desired. The committee decided to again press the necessity for the change on the trustees, and the mem bers for the district are to be asked to assist in hurrying a short act thro mgu Parliament to legalise the altera tion. A letter was read from the iLondon Chamber of Commerce, ask ing the chamber to nominate a rep resentative at the Congress of Cham bers of Commerce of the Empire, to foe held in London in 1896. The president for the time being was appointed, with power to select w. substitute. The Adelaide Chamber 'wrote asking the assistance of the Newcastle body in dealing with the Anglo-Japanese treaty, a report up on which was enclosed. It was re Bolved to defer action on the ques tion until a copy of the treaty was obtained. The committee resolved to request the Postmaster-General to introduce into this colony the tele graphic system 'which existed in New Zealand. Granter and Company, contractors for the Manning Heads training 'wall, have completed a tramline fonr miles and a half long-, three shunt lines, and a timber viaduct 3000ft in length. The training wall trill be commenced at the end of the viaduct, and the first stone was placed in position on Saturday week, about 100 tons being' tipperi. The contractors have a locomotive on the line, and stone of excel lent quality is beine Obtained -rom Crowdy Head. Two large cranes have been erected at the quarry, and blasting U carried on successfully. Mr. W. E. Kemp, super vising1 engineer, ?will leave shortly for Sydney, Mr. .bale, of Newcastle, taking Ms place. ' A few- days ago several children were .paying near the railway bridge, Dubbo, .. tygn. one of their number discovered por t. jtsof a human skull, lhe bones were submitted to .-Dr. Ash burton Thompson by the police, and they were pronounced to be parts &£. the skull of a female abori ginal, ap Many bushmen are unacquainted with, the --ilbv, but one of the species has been procured at North Wagga, and is now on view at the shop of Mr. W. N. Jeffery, writes the local paper. The bilby is a rare animal of the Jerboa family (Jerbillus), the scientific name being Peraxeles Nasnta. It has a claw at the end of the tail like a bony toe-nail, with beautiful silvery fur, variegated in color, prehensile tail, and long snout, similar to that of the boar. It is a rapid liurrower and strictly nocturnal in its habits, which accounts for its being so rarely seen, though it is pro bably more numerous than would be imagined. In addition it is verj fleet. The bilby is rarely fcnnd in this district, and is; therefore, a curiosity. Moat of us have probably heard of many curious methods employed by people to protect them from the influence of cold, but for the most novel, the invention of a resident of this district, certainly takes not only the cake but the entire baker's shop (reports the Braidwood ' Dispatch ')? A few days ago, towards dusk, Mr. J. Allen was driving home to Braidwood along the Bombay-load when his attention was arrested by observing a fire moving towards him along the centre of the road. Not being a believer in ghosts, he was completely at a loss to account for such an extraordinary occur rence. On approaching nearer he was astonished to see a large sheet of revolv ing flame. He was soon close enough to perceive what it was that puzzled him so much. Judge of his astonishment when he saw a lad driving a cart and lying full length in front of a blazing fire, which he had built upen stones in the middle of his dray. Long pieces of wood were laid on the stones, and as these burnt down the coals fell through the holes in the bottom of the- cart on to the road. The sheet of revolving flame he had seen Mr. Allen discovered was caused by a newspaper which had caught fire being drawn round the wheel of the cart. The lad was contentedly smoking his pipe as though he were comfortably ensconced in an armchair in front of a tire in his home. When asked if he was not afraid of the cart catching fire he replied with the utmost composure that he 'didn't care if both the cart and horses caught fire so long as he could keep himself warm/' And he reallv looked as if such a contingency didn't trouble him in the slightest. A member of the Newcastle. Chamber of Commerce has received a letter from Mr. J. C. Stevenson, M.P., chairman of the Tyne Commissioners (England), in regard to harbor improvements. Mr. Stevenson denies the statement made before the Pub lic Works Committee by Captain Jackson, Superintendent of Wharves, who was re ported to h;.ve said that occasionally ships could not get out of the lyne with' full loads. They might be detained waiting for spring tide and smooth Bea, but they never went out ~ partially laden. The writer adds that ' at the Tyne our success (in harbor improvements) is due to the pier heads having been carried out to thirty feet at low water, at which depth the waves are supposed to have no effect in moving the sand at the bottom.*' The results of the drawing in the New Zealand Art Union have been published, the first nrize, with ticket No. 2571, going to Mr. William Band, of Wagga. The fifth prize, ticket No. 1315, to Mr. Gard ner, of Narannera, and the sixth to Mr. Gardiner, of Wagga, wi.h No. 1615. Mr. Robinson, of Cootamundra, secured seventh with No. 1545; Mr. Miller, Na randera, eighth, with No. 1387; Mr. Robinson tenth, with No. 1544; Mr. Moir . eleventh, with No. 2887; a ticket, No. 2709, '' issued at Albnry, gained twelfth prize, : and Mr. 'Flint, of Naranoera, -obtained 1 twenty-third with. No. 1363. The drawing took place in Sydney oh June 24, and the tickets were drawn from ballot, boxes in the presence of the Mayor of Cootamundra, Mr. E. Pinkstone, Mr. C. S. Nathan, of Forest Lodge, and a number of ticket holders. A number of tickets were sold in Wagga by Mrs. Buckley, a travelling agent, who writes to the effect that nine out of the twenty-three prizes went to holders of tickets sold by-.her, and the last ticket, purchased in Albury, proved a winning number. \\. - The Municipal Association has informed the Molong Council that the decision of the berich, upholding the appeal of the Rev. J. Alibis against the assessment on two acres of land dedicated to church pur poses was final, the. council cannot this year legally re-assess the parsonage and other ratable property i*hich- the court struck out. . The council, therefore, lose* the whole amount of fhe rates on this pro Si perty for the present year. ' The associa ? lion, however, advises that only the allotment oh which the church stands is fxempt from rates. ~ 