CHRISTMAS LITERATURE. AMONG the many gifts which the gods bestow upon us daring the Christmas season there is one most highly appreciated : that of brightly written and richly illustrated newspapers and magazines. The proprietors and publishers of the great newspapers and magazines in London have established a healthy rivalry among themselves, and there is invariably a keen fight for the blue ribbon of Christmas literature. Everything which money can command is pressed into service, with the result that we are enabled to purchase for a few shillings a wealth of high-class literature and pictorial art such as was never contemplated little more than a decade ago. Then our choice of Christmas numbers lay between The Graphic and The Illustrated London Newt, but now the selection is of such a varied and superb character as to be absolutely bewildering. Who can resist the magnetic attractions of The Sketch, Black and White, Pall Mall Magazine, Pearls Annual, English Illustratei Magazine, Strand, Queen, Pictorial, and scores of others which fall from the press like snowflakes ! They appeal w our artistic perceptions, and capture our fancy entirely by their merits and beauties. Renowned authors and celebrated artists are eager to find a place in their pages, and those who are climbing the ladder of fame are assured of success when they find their work reproduced in the pages of a standard Christmas publication. Quite impossible is it to measure the educational effect which these annuals with their beautiful pictures have had on the' public taste, but it must be far-reaching and beneficial in the extreme. A volume -might be written on the marvellous strides which illustrated newspapers have made since The Graphic first modestly appeared with its rough woodcuts and crude sketches, but the artistic productions of to-day are sufficient evidence in that respect, and afford to ouservant eyes abundant food for pleasant reflection. Pictorial art is supreme, and the lesson learnt from a picture is often more sharply imprinted on the mind, and consequently more abiding in its effects, than that inculcated by the most scholarly article. The Continental papers are no whit behind their English contemporaries in the fulness and crispness of their Christmas productions, indeed, from an artistic point of view, they frequently surpass them, the brush of the artist being allowed a freer play than that permitted to those who sketch for Mr. and Mrs. John Bull. And the Australian newspapers are learning the value of illustrations, and each succeeding year shows a marked improvement in their picture pages, while the letterpress is quite equal to that printed in any part of the world. It is worth remarking, too, that the Christmas literature is rapidly changing character; the old- fashioned ghost stories are fading away, and even the Christmas chimes are only faintly heard. Old Scrooge and Marley's «-ihost are being replaced by Pierrot and—legs. 