A True Ghost Story. Horo ib an amusing ghost story, whioh lias tho morit of boing truo. A party' o£ ladios and gontlomon woro 01100 travolling in India by boat up tlio groat and sacrod rivor, * tlio Ganges, whon ono day tlioy all landed at a littlo villiago and deoidod to spend tho niglit thoro. Thoy wont, to tlio bouso of a friond, but thoro was no ono living thoro thou but a llmcloo sorvant, who aotod as oarotalcor. Aftor tho party had had suppor thoy all retired for tho night, and ns thoy woro vory tirod thoy soon foil asloop, is spito of tho howling jaolcals, In tho middlo of tho night a lady woko hor husband, and, in a frightonod whispor, said— ' William, what's that P Do you hoar that Btrango noiso P' But ho oould hoar nothing oxcopt tho buzaing and humming of thousands of insoots, wlio novor oonso day or night in India. Tlio gontlomau, tlioroforo, dozod off again j but soon his wifo woko him n sooond timo, 'Thoro it is again,' slio said| so lio sat up and listoriod, and thon hoard a strange soufllo going on in tho noxt room, followed by 'Thump, thump.' Ho did not liko tho idoa of venturing into tho noxt room to find out what tlionoiso moant, for in India tho liativos aro vory ounning and troaoliorous, Tho gentle man, tlioroforo, thought it might bo somo dusky rubbor, or ovon murdoror, for iu those) days— - I. am spoaking of 30 years, ago — droadful mur ders and thofts took place, and 110 ono was ovor ablo to disoovor who did thom, Tho othor ladios aud gontlomon thon hoard tho noiso j and folt any tiling but comfortable. Tlioy camo 1 out of ilioir rooms, and all assomblod 011 tho 1,.,./1J.,~ n„,1 i;,Jr,.,„r1 fJ. Jlw, i.nr.vr. . wliciro tho noise camo from. At last tho gontlomon dooldod to burst opon tho door and y oi/,o tho thiol or murdoror. Throo of thom on\ oh got a stout stick, and tho others had their pjH toJs ready. Whon thoy got into tho room, tlio tluimping oiimo nourorand noarorto thom, IU1(] in tho moonlight thoy saw advancing Hom0t ''hiiig with a hlaolc body and n, shining hand, Somo ono got a light, and thoy saw l.lwi flm uvo faoo to l'aoo, And what do yo\i think it }vfts ^ littlo hlaolc kitton liad ovi flniil.lv Iil ,011 vory thirsty, and had gono about (ho I10UHU Homothlng to dl-lnk, and in pol ^mS ,10H0 'lto ovorythlng, ho had got itil 'xod tightly atliist in abrnsN | vohhoI oalloa by tl Indians a ' lotoli, This lio banged agflim. ^ tho Jloor in tho attempt to got rid ol! his unci wifortablo huad dross' and ho innooontly aotoc,^ lmvli a If ypu nimnob obtn, 'if, ' WyfnTon' In your dlritrloti ft-rito to D. M.ltahu U nnd Co,, Caroncu-fltn'ob, Svdjioy. vim will nn '«»(-« ^1* h aupply at mno'i hron^h U10 lounl uboruli wpar, A Hiy^lnlnn (1t-(ilavim tV, (it on#.Jmlf tlio oonauinp. tlvn mstlontn roonivod into hofP tula in Prt.lfl oivo t heir condition to up rib dr lilting, Ho woqld uttarlv Wbld tlio Dulo of suoh drinks im nbalnlilio. A mntoiiV pliotogr/ipliors »io Not) linmiy in Raoaln, Tliuv Jmvn Muouro IIoouhob, nut? U they olmnao to. taltoiiBiiMi.a/lflt ofn view uoni-n fo^rcea, thoy nra llui.ilo tio I)IJ ivhli-iotl (,0 Olbpi'lfi, 