THE REUNION OF CHRISTENDOM CARDINAL MORAN AT THE GUILD HALL. ' A MOST INTERESTING LECTURE. There was a splendid attendance at the Cardinal Archbishop's lecture in the Guild Hall on Monday evening* The Hon. Edmund Barton, Q.C. (ex Attorney- General), presided. His Eminence, who was enthusiastically received, said :— I have been asked to address you this even ing on the Reunion of Christendom. I do not know that any other religious subject so engages^ public attention at the present day throughout the English speaking world. It has been a matter of debate at Synods and conferences and congresses. It is every day discussed in the pulpit and the press. In Catholic circles attention to it has been awakened in a special manner since the present illustrious occupant of St. Peter's See, Pope Leo XIII. , in his Letters to Princes and Peoples, and in his latest beautiful Encyclical to the English nation, invited all the faithful to_ en gage in a spiritual crusade to attain that glorious result. It is only through the blessing of Heaven that the Reunion of Christendom can be accomp lished, and the Chief Pastor of Christendom asks all to unite with him in earnest prayer that that heavenly blessing may descend upon the scattered children of God, to the end that all who have strayed into the paths of error maybe gathered into the one divine fold under one Shepherd. (Applause.) This invitation has already found a filial response throughout Christian nations. Many a wavering mind has been strengthened, and many a troubled heart has found peace. Even the Protestant press of England, as a rule so hostile to everything Catho lic, has not failed to acclaim the words of wisdom of the Successor of St. Peter. The Catholic Times, of London, writing of the Pope's Encyclical, has em phatically declared that it lifts the whole question of reunion into a higher level, and places it in an atmosphere outside all human passion and prejudice, and 'so far as England is con cerned, nothing of equal importance, or sofraught ?with hope for the future, has taken place since the 15th century.' (Applause.) However, it must not be supposed that the summons to prayer addressed by the Pope to the Christian world regards England alone. Chief Watchman upon the ToAvers of Israel, he looks out on all the scattered peoples that bear the. Christian name. In Asia Minor and Syria and Armenia and the adjoining countries, there are the Eastern Churches with millions of devoted faithful who retain all the doctrines of the Catholic Church. The heresies of Nestorius and his associates never corrupted the faith of the vast number of the clergy and faithful people of those lands. It was the tyranny of the civil power that enforced upon them the bondage of schism, and it is through the same oppression and through the jealousies and vain devices of national pride that their schism has been perpetuated to the present day. In one of his beautiful discourses Pope Leo XIII. gave expres sion to his paternal sentiments in their regard : " Oh ! how dear to us are the Churches of the East ! How we admire their ancient glory ! How we yearn to see them shine forth once again with their pristine splendour.' Again in Russia and the various countries oi the south-east of Europe there are sixty millions who are members of the Greek Church. They were dragged into schism by court corruption and political intrigue, but they retain the Priesthood and the divine Sacraments as well as the doctrines of truth. Countless thousands among them yearn to be freed from their present spiritual servitude and restored to the unity of the Holy Chuich. So too is it in regard to very many who ate outwardly separated from us in Great Britain and North America, and here among our selves. (Applause.) They too appeal to Heaven for that peace ox heart which the true Church alone can give. (Applause.) They are one with us in spirit; many of them hold all the sacred truths which we profess ; and come there are who through love of truth wage a fierce war, not against the Catholic Church, but against a vain phantom which cunning men have devised and set before them as the Catholic Church. For all such, Pope Leo asks that prayers be offered up, and there can be no doubt that earnest, fervent, and persevering prayer is the cne efficacious means to bring down God's blessing upon this new spiritual crusade to win many sou's to Christ, and to achieve the glorious re sult of the Reunion of Christendom. (Applause,) But some one j-erhaps will ask what advantages can accrue from this Reunion of Christendom ? I might, perhaps, refer to the joy given to heaven, and to the spiritual fruit that would accrue from ' the fulfilment of the Redeemer's words : ' Other sheep I have, that are not of this fold ; them also I must bring, and they shall hear My voice, and there shall be one fold and one shepherd'' (John x. 16), but besides all this I reply that manifestly the hap piest results should ensue and the grandest purposes be achieved if the scattered and conflicting forces that now unfurl the Christian standard were gathered into one serried army under the guidance of Holy Church. (Applause.) God, when He so pleases, can attain His own wise ends despite every barrier that the malice of man may devise. But as a rule it pleases Heaven to achieve its results by human means, and, humanly speaking, by the Re union of Christendom a glorious impulse would be . given to every good cause and a vast accession of strength would be added to attain countless benefi cent measures that are dear to the religious heart. (Applause). Take, for instance, the defence of the Sacred Scriptures. How vastly would the hands of ? the champions of revelation be strengthened if all Christendom with a united voice were to proclaim its])revei'ence for the inspired text (hear ! hear !) and setting its zeal upon the authentic Scriptures and their genuine interpretation, were to invite the , faithful to satiate their spiritual thirst at these 'fountains of divine truth. (Applause.) Then, again, what a resistless impulse would be given to the Christian observance of the Lord'o Day. In many countries, alas ! now-a-days the Sunday io devoted to dissipation and distracting secular pur suits. Ita sacred character is set aside, religious duties are forgotten, the men appear to have become heedless of that calm and enjoyment and religious rest for which the Sunday was intended and which may be regarded as a preparation for Heaven. 8o, too, it is with the promotion of temperance. No doubt in the home countries, as among our selves, the greatest evils follow in the train of intemperance. It is religious influence alone that can heal the woundo caupod by thin temple disease, and how momcsitous would be the result, if all Christian peoples with a united yoice were to inculcate the duty and to proclaim- the blessings of holy temperance' (Applause.) The same holds good of religious education, persistently assailed in so many lauds ; of the maintenance of the marriage bond, on which the well- being of society and family happiness depend, but which at the present day is very generally threatened by the legalized facilities of divorce ; and so also of many other social bless ings the inheritance of Christian civilization which are now imperilled by the ignorance or distracted thoughts or indifference of men. (Applause.) What shall I say of the results surpassingly grand which might be achieved in the missionary field ? At no time have the remotest lands been so success fully explored by geographical research or commer cial enterprise as in this nineteenth century of ours. Countless tribes and races have been brought within the reach of Gospel truth. The blessing of Heaven, indeed, has been with our Catholic missionaries. Despite their humble resources, their numbers have been multiplied, their labours have been crowned with abundant fruit, and their heroism and devoted ness in the cause of the faith have never been sur passed. With the prestige and abundant aid of a united Christendom, how grand would be the re sults achieved? (Applause.) If we look to Pro testant! missions throughout the pagan world, we see them equipped with every material resource that unbounded wealth and human energy can supply. Yet from every land the cry is heard that those missions are fruitless, and their best friends and champions are the very first to declare that, humanly speaking, to the divisions and conflicting creeds of rival missionaries this lack of results is due. (Hear, hear.) As far back as 1842 the Anglican Bishop of Salisbury in a charge to his clergy made the sad avowal of this missionary blight. ' I declare, though with regret (he says), that our missions have no success. What is the cause ? Want of unity. How can we hope to convert infidel nations when we are not in unity ourselves ? By whom can the doctrine of Christianity be accepted when every side presents a scene of the wildest division ; of heresy and schism r' The English Review for October, 1S44, after a long statement of the various missions, adds : ' We cannot conclude without a painful re flection on the variety and contradiction of the means employed in the propagation of the faith. Rival mis sionary establishments and rival bodies present them selves in the face of the heathen. Can we wonder at partial success ? How can we educe good from so pressing an evil ?' This sad condition of things has continued unchanged to the present day. An Anglican dignitary, Canon Taylor, who was him self for many yoars connected with those foreign missionary societies, published in the Foiitnightly Review, for October, 1888, an article under the heading 'The great Missionary Failure,' in which with facts and figures he illustrates the sterility of the Anglican missions. His indictment is a terrible one, and yet the irrefragable proofs which he pro duces fully justify his statements. For instance in India, the Anglican missions of Travancore are re garded as some of the most successful, and yet despite all the prestige of Government patronage and immense material resources ' after 70 years' labour, only 3-3 per cent, of the native Christians are claimed by the Church of England,' whilst 90 per cent, are assigned as the fruits of Catholic mis sionary zeal. (Applause.) For Africa he cites the authority of the distinguished traveller, Mr. John ston, British Vice -Consul in the Caraeroons, who writes that ' in many important districts where the missionaries have been at work for 20 years they can scarcely number, in honest statistics, 20 sincere converts. In other parts, where large num bers of nominal Christians exist, their religion is discredited by numbering among its adherents all the drunkards, liars, rogues and unclean livers in the colony.' From several such facts Canon Taylor draws the conclusion that ' the converts are few, and many of them of bad quality.' He asks, why do those missions fail ? He does not answer in his own words, but he writes : 'Let Dr. Legge, a missionary of 34 years' standing, speak. He thinks that we shall fail to make converts so long ao Christianity presents itself infected with the Litter internal animosities of Christian sects.' He adds the words of'Bishop Steere, who 'thought that the two greatest hindrances to success were the squabbles of mission aries among themselves, and the rivalry of the societies (there are 224 of them) who tout for con verts.' Surely in this missionary field the grandest and most consoling results may be hoped for from the Reunion of Chistendom. (Applause.) But we may take even a wider range and look to the results to be achieved in the defence of social order and promoting the well-being and the vital interests of Christian civilization. The present age jn its wars against the City of God is an age of dis integration. It revels in dissension and discord, and exults in triumph amid the ruins that follow in their train. It marshals its forces under the banners of Rationalism, and Socialism, and Secular ism, and Indifierentism of every hue. I need but briefly refer to the arms with which they combat. The Rationalists set up reason against revelation, and endeavour to sow discord between the teach ings of human wisdom and those of Divine truth. We know that there cannot be any real opposition between reason and revelation, for both proceed from the same source, which is God, and it is pre cisely the purpose of revelation to strengthen and purify, to elevate and ennoble our reason. Never theless, those enemies of the Christian name would fain persuade their dupes that religion seeks to destroy our reason or to deny her her due place in the pursuit of truth. Socialists would set class against class, and recklessly stir up the ranks of labour to pull down the capitalists, and of capital to oppress and enslave the labourer. They would spread wreck and ruin on every side, and overthrow every institution and lift us up above the dead level of ignorance and barbarism. The Secularists would seek to sow discord between the Church and State. Under the delusive maxim, a free church in a free State, they would enslave the Church, they would set the creature in opposition to the Creator, and, as far as human malice can accomplish, would banish religion from the sanctu ary of the family, from the school, from legislation, from everything that men prize as the inheritance of our Christian commonwealth. Indifferentism would tell us that one religion is as good as another (hear, hear), that we should treat all claims of religion alike, that is to say, we should pay no attention to the teachings of divine faith, and be content with the shadow and empty name of reli gion or no religion as fancy may suggest. Now it goes without saying that an immeasurable and in vincible strength would be added to the champions of divine truth were all who hold the Christian creed to combine their forces and present an un broken front to repel the assaults of all those enemies of truth. (Applause.) And it is to be borne in mind that from the sad period of the Reformation to the present day many leaders of religious thought in England' have prayed and toiled that the blessings of religious unity would be restored to their distracted country, and many, too, of her most gifted sons have from time to time found joy and peace in the bosom of that Church which heretofore, like Saul of old, they had combated and persecuted. ..(Applause.) The Right Hon. Viscount Halifax, who has made a profound study of the writers of the Church of England, attested a few months ago in his Bristol address that ' some of her most eminent Bishops and divines have in a continuous chain ever since the separation of the 16th century yearned for the restoration of unity and have laboured for that blessed result. He cites the words of Bishop Hammond, who regards unity ' as the noblest gift of God, the grace above grace, the duty above duties, the fulness of heavenly joy,' and also the words of Archbishop Bramhall, who writes ' that I may live to see the Reunion of Christendom, I shall ever bow the knees of my heart to the Father of Our Lord Jesus Christ.' During the reign of Charles the First, this desire for reunion appears to have been developed to a most singular degree. Archbishop Laud, who for some years enjoyed a sort of supreme authority in both Church and State, is supposed to have coun tenanced the project. I have not seen any proof of his holding direct communication on the matter with Rome, but when consulted by the Duchess of Buckingham as to the expediency of her embracing the Catholic faith he urged her to defer her con version, for in a little time, he said, she would sec the corporate reunion of England with Rome. Dr. Montague, Bishop of Chichester, took a prominent part at this time in negotiating the restoration of the Church of England to Catholic unity. He de clared to Panzani, the Roman envoy, that ' he was satisfied both the Archbishops, with the Bishop of London and several other of the Episcopal order, besides a great number of the learr e 1 inferior clergy, were prepared to fall in with the Church of Rome as to a supremacy purely spiritual.' He subse quently stated that ' the Archbishop of Canterbury was entirely of his sentiment, but with a great alloy of fear and caution,' and that there were only three of the Anglican Bishops who ' could be counted violently bent against Rome.' In regard to the violent attacks every day levelled against the Holy See, he made the singular avowal, ' as for the aversion we discover in our sermons and printed books, they are things of form, chiefly to humour the populace and not to be much re garded.' Another of the Anglican Bishops, Dr. Goodman, Bishop of Gloucester, entered on the scene of the negotiations with the envoy from Rome. He is styled by his Protestant biographer, 'learnd, pious, and charitable.' He avowed his desire to see England reconciled with the Holy See, More consistent than any of his brethren, he carried his wishes into effect, and was received into the Church. He was attended by a Franciscan friar in his last illness, and in his will gave expression to his religious convictions. ' I do profess, as I have lived, so I die most constant in all the articles of our Christian faith and in all the doctrines of God's Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church, whereof I do acknowledge tho Church of Rome to be the Mother Church, as I do verily believe that no other Church hath any salvation in it but only so far as it concur with the Church of Rome.' The Puritan disturb ances put an end to those negotiations. Sir Francis Windebank, the Chief Secretary of State, an office corresponding to that of Premier at the present day was thrown into prison, but making his escape, was received into the Church in Paris. In one of the Puritan pamphlets he merited to be styled ' a most fierce Papist.' Lord Cottington, the Treasurer, also embraced the Catholic faith. King Charles the Second, who has been sometimes styled the ablest and best of the Stuarts, followed suit, being received into the Church during his exile on the Continent. Whatever may huve been his conduct on the throne, he on his deathbed professed his faith and received the last sacraments of Holy Church. It is not so generally known that Usher, Protestant Primate and Archbishop of Armagh, was also desirous to be restored to Catholic unity. He showed in his early writings and during the first year of his Primacy, an envenomed hostility against the Catholic Church. This enmity, however, gra dually melted away, and we find him in 1G40, enter ing into negotiations with Rosetti, the Papal Agent, and proposing to resign the See of Armagh, to openly profess the Catholic faith, and to spend tho rest of his days in Rome, and moreover to bring thither his magnificent collection of manuscripts and books, if a pension of £4000 a year were accorded him. Needless to say, no funds were available to make any such provision, though he was assured that nothing would be left undone to secure for him an honourable maintenance. During the subsequent disturbances of the civil war he was tossed to and fro, from post to pillar, but is said to have persevered in his pious intentions and to have been before death admitted to the Catholic fold. His wife, who took refuge in Paris, repeatedly declared, as is attested in the Rinuccini Memoirs that he was most desirous to be reconciled to the Holy See. (Applause.) In the first quarter of the present century not a few of the Anglican clergy entertained the hopes that a general reunion with Rome might be accom plished and their aspirations towards such a result elicited the cordial sympathy of the distinguished Bishop of Kildare and Lei'ghlin, Right Rev. Dr. Doyle, and of the Archbishop of Dublin, Most Rev. Dr. Murray. The Anglican Bishop who held the See of Durham in those days in a remarkable charge to his clergy insisted on the feasibility of such a union, and added, ' if he could live to see the foundations laid for such reunion, it would illuminate the last hours of a long life, and he could depart with the words of Simeon on his lips.' I need not refer to the religious revival which is known as the Oxford movement (applause), which commenced in 18.33, and which continuing to the present day, mav justly be said to have more or less leavened the whole Church of England. (Ap plause.) From time to time, as a result of this awakening of piety, several of the most learned and enlightened members of the English Church have manifested the desire to be reconciled to Rome, and a vast number too, both of clergy and laity, despite the momentous temporal sacrifices which were in volved, took the final step of being received into the Catholic Church. (Applause.) It is only a few months since Lord Halifax in his Bristol address, speaking in the name of the Church Union, of which he is the President, and which numbers on its roll more than 3000 of the Anglican clergy, thus dwelt on the advantages of being reconciled to Rome : 'Surely there is no one,' he says, 'if he thinks what it would be to see the Western Church once more re-united, her schisms healed, and peace once more existing amongst her '| members, but must long for the day when the 'i Church of England should again be united in bonds j of visible communion with the Apostolic See and |; all the Churches of the West. Who can endure the ] sense of being separated from those with whom, in ' I all essentials of belief and sentiment we are one ? i and why should we not see the day of such a happy J reconciliation?' (Applause.) He refers to the J efforts at reunion made from time to time, and con- 'i eludes that ' the present is an opportunity, which, jj once lost, may never occur again. Do not let us be i afraid to speak plainly of the possibility, of the \ desirability of a union with Rome. Let us say U boldly, we desire peace with Rome with all our jM hearts. Let us take the opportunity of the anpeal ' i made by the Encyclical to assure Leo Xlll.'that ] we, at least, are grateful for his efforts, that he may \ rely upon a sympathetic answer to any appeal he i may make to the Church of England.' We must ] not, however, conceal from ourselves the fact that ) side by side with this tendency to Rome there has -j been from the very outset of the Reformation a ; strong current of Protestant feeling that has little ''? sympathy with the Catholic Church, a current so i strong and so wide-spread that it would ar.p2ar to 'j have carried away with it the vast majority of the : Anglican clergy and almost all the Anglican pre- \ lates of Australia. (Hear, hear.) This anti-Catholic ' current would unite all Protestant sects, but in * hostility to Rome. It may be said to have origi nated in Germany in the first days of the Refor mation. The learned Grrotius, who was probably ' the most distinguished German Protestant writer i in the 17th century, endeavoured but in vain to ; stem its course. Hear how distinctly he pronounces ] judgment on this fancy project of his ultraProtes tant friends : ' All those who know me,' he says, [ ' are aware how earnestly I have wished to see '': Christians united in one bod.v. This, I once ima- ' ] gined, might have been accomplished by a union: of ,; Protestants, but I soon saw that such a union was ' impossible. I am no w thoroughly convinced, as are ti many others also, that Protestants never can be I united among themselves unless they join those who ; ] adhere fo the Roman See.'' In England during the j Crornwellian period it was a favourite scheme of the \ '? triumphant Puritans to blend into one all the con flicting Protestant sects that thus they might form : a common prop? ganda, as they called it, in opposi- ; tion to the Propaganda of Rome. Early in the ' 18th century we find some of the leading : churchmen of England endeavouring to remedy their manifest isolation by conciliating the Jan- ? senists and Gallicans in France as . well as the i Lutherans and other sects in Germany. And so from time to time they stretched out the hand of fellowship to the Greeks at Constantinople, to the Russians in St. Petersburg, to the Dutch schisma tics at Utrecht, to the latest heretics who assumed the name of Old Catholics at Bonn, and to every } other heretical or schismatical body that would give \ promise of the remotest prospect of fellowship or \ friendship. The Pan-Anglican Synod held at ' Lambeth in 1888, whilst repudiating all idea of ! j communion with the Catholic Church, with, great ; ] solemnity invited all the various Dissenters and s Nonconformists and other non-Catholic bodies to unite with the Anglican Church, and to rally around the standard of their common Protestantism the better to withstand the advance of Home. The same efforts have repeatedly been made at other . J meetings and congresses and conferences held dur« ing the past few years. I do not know, how ever, \ that we can congratulate them on having attained very great success. It is the watchword of this ultra-Protestant party \ that whatever their fate may be they ' will not ; journey Romewards.' This has been their war-cry i in Germany ; it has been repeated in the United - j States, it has become their standard maxim in Eng- ? | land, it has found an echo even in distant Australia ' j here among ourselves. (Hear, hear.) There is an 1 1 old saying, which many an Irishman will, in spirit at least, have addressed to those who, taking that ; boasted watchword for their guide, would refuse to bend their footsteps towards Rome: Beware lest you go farther and fare worse, (Laughter.) ' There can be no question that hitherto they have fared worse indeed, and that the result of such ultra-Protestantism has been to multiply religious sects, to sow the bitterest discord broadcast, and to lead its votaries to the abyss of irreligion and scepticism. It may be well to illustrate what I have said by reference to a few prominent non-Catholic writers whose authority in such matters none can gainsay. In Germany, the cradle of Protestantism, from the very outset, such discord and religious dissensions became the order i of the day. Melancthon, the bosom friend of Luther, laments in his letters that the Reformers appeared to be mainly intent on flying apart from one another, and he adds that, ' The Elbe with all its waters could not furnish tears enough to weep over the miseries of the distracted Reformation.' More than once attempts were made by the civil government in the various principalities of Germany to stem the process of decay and to unite together - the scattered sects of German Protestantism. It was found indeed that these sects were ever ready to combine together when Rome was to be assailed, but when they had done this they renewed their combats among themselves. At length the King of Prussia, by a stringent law which was enacted in 1839, endeavoured to blend them all into what he was pleased to call ' The Evangelical Church.' But whatever outward compactness may have been thus given to the Protestant name, the' dissensions in regard to the doctrines of faith and indifference to all religion only became the more intense. Hengstenberg, the leading representative of the Evangelical party, thus describes this sad condition of things: 'In the Evangelical Church of Ger many,' he says, ' it has come to this, that all the articles of faith which she professes in common with the universal Church of Christ, and the valid ity of her confessions, are being called in question within her own bosom ; and that open unbelief has at least as many and as distinguished representatives among the teachers and governors of the Church as the true faith. This schism goes to the very bone and marrow of the Evangelic Church.'' And how is it at the present day ? Let Rev. Baring-Gould, in his ' Church in Germany' (1892) be witness. ' The spirit of rationalism,' he writes, 'has gained enormous strides. The present condi- tion of affairs is deplorable indeed, definite faith is becoming daily more rare in the Evangelical Church. The authority of Scripture is no longer believed in. It has no Apostolic constitution ; the links of con tinuity in faith and orders with the Primitive Church have been broken and cast away. A more helpless and piteous condition of affairs can hardly be conceived.' The Edinburgh Review, October, 1880, has stated the whole case in a few words : 'The land which was the cradle of the Reforma- tion has, become the grave, of the Reformed faith. All comparatively recent works on Germany, as well as all personal observation, tell the same tale. Denial of every tenet of the Protestant faith among the thinking classes, and indifference in the masses, are the positive and negative agencies beneath which the Church of Luther and Melancthon has succumbed.' (Applause.) How has it fared with Protestantism in the United States ? Dr. Schmidt, Professor of Evangelical Theology at Breslau, in a special treatise on the Protestant tenets, declares that ' The New World (in the 'United States) has indeed become the fruitful mother of sects.' Only a few weeks ago the rev. Dr. Dix in New York warned his Protestant Episcopal co-religionists of the abyss to which they were being hurried on. ' The recent startling appearance of pantheistic teachers in our Church (he says) in the person of liberal theologians so- called the open denial of seve ral of the facts stated in the creed, the contemptu ous repudiation of the authority of our Church, the substitution of ideas derived from the philosophy of evolution for the doctrine of the Gospel, and the avowed determination to proclaim whatever views the individual minister may evolve from year to year, and from day to day, out of his own con sciousness, these signs of the hour increase my respect tor the men or the old school. But what shall I say of England ? Fifty years ago : an illustrious Anglican archdeacon, preaching before the Unveraity of Oxford, set forth the state of the Church of England in the remarkable words : 'The land seems full of offences ; they lie within the precinct of the Church ; offences seem to multiply day, by day; old stumbling- blocks are not taken out of the way, new ones are cast down ; there must needs be heresies among us, and heresies there are ; throughout the land there is the voice as of a great multitude, but speaking diverse things ; discipline is relaxed ; the Church year by year deplores it ; her national character seems fading away. Of her own, some forsake her ; the habit of faith in real ties external to the mind is weak and languid ; the moral character of division is fully out upon our people; it is sustained in its intensity among the sects which beset the Church ; it finds too ready a sympathy even within its pale.' About the time that those words were written Lord Macaulay de scribed the Church of England as "a hundred sects battling within one Church.' From year to year those conflicting sects have gone on multiplying. The number of formally-recognized Protestant sects in England in 1873, as set forth in Whitaker's Almanac, was 125 ; in 1883 it amounted to 186, but in 1893 it had further increased to 270. But the sects thus formally recognized are a mere fraction of the multitudinous forms of varying creeds 'that swarm throughout Great Britain. The Times in 1884 (May 13th) avowed that 'England alone is reputed to contain some seven hundred sects, each of them, proving a whole system of theology and morals from the Bible.' Nor is it to be supposed that the differences between those sects and the Church of England are more imaginary than real. The various sects and their mother Church of Eng land are indeed found to be at one when there is question of hostility to Rome, but they otherwise pursue each other with the most intense hatred. (Hear* hear.) In an official Tract, cited in the Protestant Church Quarterly 'Review (July, 1892), a representative of one of the sects declared that 'There is nothing to be expected from Christ for any member of the Church of England, but a pouring of His eternal wrath upon them.' But is, the Church of England at least in the enjoyment of the blessings of harmony and peace and unity within its own communion ? Let its own prelates and patrons behere our witnesses. The Protestant Archbishop of Dublin only last year, at the Bir mingham Conference, declared that the doctrinal differences amongst' themselves were greater than those that separated them irom the Nonconform ists. The Protestant Bishop of Liverpool describes the Anglican Church as ' in a state of chaotic anarchy and lawlessness,' and he adds that 'things have come to such a pass that it did not appear to matter a jot what a clergyman held and believed.' Canon Liddon, in his Preface to the Report of the Bonn Conference, felt constrained to avow that 'we of tho English Church are already unable to assert before Christendom that we practically hold even serious doctrinal differences to be a bar to religious communion. We co-operate with those who deny that which we hold true, or assert that which we deem false.' Dr. Pusey, writing in December, 1880, a short time before his death, is not less explicit:- 'Every matter' of faith,' he says, 'is openly denied. Doctrines which are the centre of Christian faith, such as the incarnation of Our Blessed Lord, are claimed to be open questions. It is said to be an anachronism that clergymen should think themselves bound to cease to minister in the Church of England because they no longer hold these blessed truths. A clergyman may preach to his people that there is no hell, and so encourage them in the vices which God condemns.' May at least those who are known as the High Church party be considered as of one mind in matters of religion? Alas, even here we seek in vain for unity, The author of "A Life of Archbishop Laud:- (London, .1894) thus writes of the various Church parties of the present, day :- ' Few things are more indefinite, at present, than the term a High-Churchman, the very use of which provokes the question 'What sort of a High Churchman ?' For of High- Churchmen there are endless varieties. The term Low-Churchman may mean almost any thing, and there seems to be little that the term Broad-Church may not include ' (page 248). Mr. Mallock, the writer of the brilliant essay, ' Is Life worth living ?' thus puts the whole matter in a nut shell : ' We are at last beginning to see in Protes tantism neither the purifier of a corrupted re velation, nor the corrupter of a pure reve lation, but the practical denier of all revelation whatsoever. Let up look at England, Europe, and America, and consider the condition of the Protes tant world. '. Religion, it is true, we shall still find in it; but it is religion from which not only the supernatural element is disappearing, but in which the natural element is fact becoming nebulous. It is indeed growing, as Mr. Leslie Stephen says it is, into a religion of dreams. ' All its doctrines are growing vague as dreams, and like dreams their outlines are for ever changing.' (Applause.) It now only remains that I refer to the difficulties that at times deter the religious pilgrim and seem to obstruct the path which would lead to the wished for goal of, the Reunion of Christendom. The main difficulty, indeed, which sometimes becomes an in superable barrier in the way, is the prejudice arising from absurd doctrines which those who assail the Catholic Church impute to us; No word can be found too coarse or too violent for some Protestant divines when combating the Church's teaching. They build up a phantom of their own imagination, they call it the Catholic Church, they hurl against it; the thunders of their fiercest denunciations, and when that vain phantom is smitten they would fain persuade their deluded dupes that the Catholic Church is overcome. (Applause.) I will take only two instances— the Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin, and the Infallibility of the Pope. What shall I say of the bitter hatred which is every day stirred up against devotion to the Blessed Virgin ? We are denounced as idolaters. Mariolatry, somewhat like Mesopo tamia of old, is a word to conjure by. Indeed, it may be said that Catholic piety towards the Blessed Virgin is a sort of bugbear to which no reasoning can reconcile our Anglican friends, and particularly so since the Church has set her authoritative seal on the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, so dear to every genuine religious Catholic heart. Protestant preachers and writers gravely tell their hearers and readers. that Catholics adore the Blessed Virgin and pay divine honours to her ; that we rob God of His supreme dignity, and offer ? to a creature the supreme homage that belongs to the Creator alone, and thus as a matter of course we are said to corrupt the deposit of divine truth and to undermine the .great: and fundamental mystery of the Incarnation of our Blessed Lord. Now, all this denunciation, so far as the Catholic teaching is concerned, is nothing mpre than theatrical thunder and mere moonshine (laughter and applause), for the Catholic Church holds no such doctrine as that thus imputed to her. We do not pay divine honours to the Blessed Virgin, or to any mere creature. (Applause.) To God alone supreme worship and adoration are due. But we honour the Blessed Virgin as the most highly-privileged and exalted of all pure creatures. In the wonderful ways of God's mercy she was chosen to be the mother, not merely in shadow and in name, but in, realty and. truth, of the Eternal Word made flesh, and whatever fulness of grace and heavenly wealth of dignity and privileges are assigned to her, all proceed from, the supreme homage and reverence and love, which we, owe to our Blessed Lord. The whole pith and substance of the Catholic doctrine regarding the Mother of God is contained in the inspired words. ' Hail, full of grace, the Lord is with thee, blessed ; art thou among women, and blessed is , the fruit of thy womb.' From the first dawn of Christian faith to the present hour these sacred words have inspired the Catholic heart with filial veneration and love towards her whom it has pleased the Most High to clothe with such exalted privileges, and dignity. And if the children of the Church lavishly bestow on her tributes of their praise and fondest affection, who can fail to recognize in such manifestations of religious devotion the fulfilment of the words of prophecy which, inspired by the Holy Ghost, she herself pronounced: 'Behold from henceforth all generations shall call me Blessed.' If, on the con trary, every heresy that has arisen in the course of centuries has assailed the honour and reverence shown to the Blessed Virgin, is it not in. accordance with the Catholic tradition that true devotion to her is irreconcilable with heresy, and that it is her mission, given her by her Divine Son, to overcome all heresies. In St. Augustine's words : ' Thou alone hast crushed all heresies, O Holy Mother of God.' (Applause.) Many of those who assail the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception as inconsistent with divine truth, haye them selves flung aside all belief in original sin. Now, the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception . implies only this, that by the special grace and through the anticipated merits of her Divine Son, she was exempted; from every stain and contagion of original sin. Thus it is that those assailants of Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin. become themselves without knowing it the champions of the sacred truth, for, if no such thing as original sin is to be admitted, it assuredly cannot be found in the purest and most privileged of God's creatures. J (Hear, hear.) At a large re-union in the city of Charleston held a few months after the definition of the Immaculate Conception, it' happened that the Catholic Bishop and representatives of several religious denominations were present. A prominent Protestant lecturer took occasion to descant upoiv he anti-Christian and idolatrous tenet which had lately been sanctioned by Rome. After awhile the Bishop asked him did he believe in original sin? 'Oh no,' he replied, 'that is one of those anti quated notions long since exploded in our com munion.' 'Well, then,' said the Bishop, 'you and your sect must be reckoned among those who emphatically proclaim the immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin.' And here may I not remark that Protestant writers who, instead of being led away by anti Catholic bigotry, have followed the dictates of reason and common sense for their guide, have almost sur- passed in their words of eulogy and reverential love anything that the most fervent Catholic piety could suggest. Hear how the Anglican author of the ' Christian Year ' (than whose hymns no others are more ' popular throughout England) salutes our Blessed Lady— ' Ave Maria 1 thou whoso name All but adoring lovo may claim,' And again he cries out : ; Ave Maria ! blessed Maid ! ? Lily of Eden's frn grant, shade, Who can express tho love : | That nurtur'd thee so pure and sweet, ; / Making thy heart a shelter meet For Je3Ub* holy Dove, Ave, Mario ! Mother blest, - To whom caressing pnd caress'd' J ' Clings the eternal child j ? Favoured beyond arohangel's dream, When first on thee with tenderest gieain ; i Tho new-born Saviour smiled.' ; So also the distinguished poet with whose name you are familiar, Wordsworth, proclaims the in comparable holiness of the Blessed Virgin in the sweet lines : — : ' Woman ! above all women glorified ? . Our tainted nature's solitary bonst; .; : ? PuTer than foam on coutrnl ocoan toBs'd, Brighter than eastern skies at dayb-eak strewn With faucied roses, than tha unblemished moon Before her wane begins on heave a'a blue coait. i Thy iniage falls to earth, yet some I ween, , Not nnforgiven. the suppliant knee might band . ? ; ? i As to a visible power, in which did. blend All that wns mixed and reconciled in thee ; : Of mother's love with maiden purity, * Of high with low, celostial with serene-' - (Applause.') Another non-Catholic writer extols her privileges as more exalted than any that this earth can claim: — ;.v- ' ,7. ' To thy name, Mary, maiden fair I ; Such should, tuethink?, its music bo. f Tho sweetest namo ttiat mortals bsar, ? Were host befitting thee. And she to whom ib once was given! ' Was half of earth and half of heaven.' !- — Hoi-MEg, Even Protestants are beginning to recognize that there is no better safeguard for the doctrine of the Incarnation than devotion to the Blessed Virgin. (Applause.) As a matter of fact, which every day's experience confirms, those who rejected Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin soon found themselves on the high road to the denial of the great doctrine of the Incarnation. On the other hand, those who have cherished such true piety towards the Mother have ever been foremost among the champions of the Divinity of her Son. It was for this reason that for the first time perhaps in the annals of Protestantism, a leading non-Catholic periodical in the United States, last March, did not hesitate to invite its readers to revive the fervent recital of the Hail Mary. ' The revival of the Ave Mariv, or Hail Mary,' it says, 'is necessary for these times. It is providential that there are some men in the Anglican Church who are moved by the Holy Spirit to revive this form of devotion. It is time to defend the faith by a practice which will raise the loyalty of Christians and stamp out the error. The Hail Mary is like an Incarnatus cst out of the Creed. To use the Hail Mary is to confess the faith in brief, to strengthen its hold in the heart and mind.' (Applause.) * But what shall we say of the Pope's infallibility ? Here, indeed, anti-Catholic lecturers can scarcely find words of invective sufficient to give vent to their indignation and rage against this tenet of the Catholic Church. I am not here to enter on any discussion as to the doctrine iteelf. But I would ask you to consider what is the doctrine that those assailants and hostile critics impute to us, and to compare with it the genuine and authentic teaching of the Catholic Faith? (Applause.) I will select only a few from the many such pretended statements of the Catholic teaching which' I might present to you. A writer in Macmillan's Magazine goes so far as to say that the Pope, in claiming infallibility, claims to be ' the Incarnate and Visible Word of God.' The Rev. Mr. Kingsley was pleased to set forth the meaning of the dogma of infallibility to be ' that the Pope of Rome has the power of creating right and wrong; that not only truth and falsehood, but moralty and immorality depend on his setting his seal to a bit of parchment. (Laughter.) 'Dr. Littledale tells us that by reason of infallibility ' all the decisions of the the Pope on faith and mcrals are divinely inspiaed: they beeome so much more Holy Scripture.' He emphatically adds : ' It does not mean less than this.' And then he goes on to say that infallibility enables the Pope, 'at any time to modify or alter the old belief just as a Parliament of Queen Victoria may repeal any statute of an earlier reign.' A Avhole. host of writers cry out that by infallibility the Pope is declared to be impeccable, so that he can do no wrong, and can commit no sin. (Laughter.) Pro fessor Schulte even says that by virtue of his infal libility ' the Pope might in one day abolish all the established dogmas of the Church.' Mr. Draper from the United States goes even further, and affirms that '({infallibility embraces all things and enables the Pope to accomplish all things by a miracle, if need be.' And Mr. Gladstone (applause and laughter), who, not satisfied with his renown in politics ? and poetry and classic lore, wishes also to win immortal fame as a theologian, assures us that the Pope's infallibility extends to all depart ments of social life and science, and that ' its reach is as wide as it may please the Pope, or those who may prompt the Pope, to make it.' Now allow me to say that all these statements, in so far as .they pretend to set forth the teaching of the Cathotie Church, do not contain a single particle of truth. These astute opponents of the Catholic Church draw upon their imagination to devise tenets the most preposterous and absurd, and these they impute to us. And yet they might have reflected that the brightest intellects and most acute minds that have adorned the world from Origen and Au gustine to Thomas Aquinas, and Bonaventure, and to Stolberg and Newman in our own day, have been the champions of the Catholic Church's teaching (Applause.) But it assuredly is not the folly and nonsense thus imputed to us that could have en lightened their reason or captivated their hearts. By the infallibility of the Pope we mean that in defining the truths of revelation he is preserved from error, that ashead of the Church and successor of the priuee of the Apostles it is his mission to guard the deposit of religious truth received from Christ, and to faithfully hand it on incorrupt to all ages, and hence when he solemnly proclaims to the whole Church a doctrine to be believed as the teaching of our Blessed Lord regarding faith or morals, he re ceives that assistance which our Saviour promised by the divine words, "I am with you all days,' 'the gates of hell shall not prevail.' Thus it is that infallibility relates only to the teachings of divine faith and the moral precepts, which as gene ral principles form the rule of conduct of all the faithful. (Applause.) It does not affect the appli cation of such principles or precepts to individual cases, in whioh conscience must be our guide. In fallibility does not mean that the Pope is impeccable (Applause.) He is preserved indeedfrom falsifying the doctrines of the Church as to faith and morals, but this gives him no security that he will always rightly apply these doctrines or never personally commit an offence agauist them. (Hear, hear.) Nor need we fear that this infallibility and con science may come into conflict. Infallibility presides over the domain of thought ; it defines the doctrine, and lays down the general principle and the abstract truth.' .It is the province of conscience to apply that doctrine, principle, or truth to each particular action and to consider what course of conduct may be right or wrong, jusunaoie or ocuerwise, m taw particular case and in the peculiar circumstances that may arise. Need I remind you of the words of one who for the past half-century spoke with marvellous effect to the mind and to the heart of religious public in England : 'Conscience is not a long-sighted selfishness, nor a desire to be consistent with oneself ; but it is a messenger from Him who, both in nature and in grace, speaks to us behind a veil, and teaches and rules us by His representa tives. Conscience is the aboriginal vicar of Christ, a prophet in its informations, a monarch in its peremptoriness, a priest in its blessings and anathe mas, and, even though the eternal priesthood throughout the Church should cease to be, in it the sacerdotal principle would remain and would have a sway.' (Applause.) \ And here I may be permitted to refer to the statement of Catholic doctrine which, as reported in the public Press, an Anglican dignitary a few weeks ago came, all the way from Ballarat to present to pur Sydney citizens! I have cited many absurd and preposterous opinions imputed to us by those who misrepresent the teaching of the Catholic Church, but the statement made by the worthy Dean of Ballarat in some features of extreme folly outstrips ; them all. The meaning of the Papal authority and infallibility, he gravely tells us, is that the Episcopate of the Catholic Church is set aside, so that now the Pope becomes the one and only Bishop. Well, some people have eyes and see not, and it is only on some such a supposi- tion I can understand how a man. of ability and learning can broach such an opinion, even in Australia, 25 years after the Vatican Council. Ladies and gentlemen, I need not say to you that such is not the Catholic teaching. (Applause.) In deed, it would not be easy to devise a theory more repugnant to the whole tenor of Catholic doctrine. There were 12 chosen Apostles, and -when St. Peter was invested with cpecial power and prerogative as a centre and bond of unity, the rest did not cease to exercise their apostolate. Even so the Sovereign Pontiff is heir of St. Peter's prerogative and dig nity, but this does not lessen in any way the autho- rity and privileges which the Catholic Bishops in- herit from the Apostolic body. On the contrary the Successor of St. Peter, faithful to his mission to ' confirm his brethren,' has at all times been the mainstaj' and the pillar of strength of the Catholic Episcopate. The worthy Dean of Ballarat cites the words of St. Gregory the Great, in which the Pon tiff repudiates the title of Universal Bishop. But Pope Leo XIII. would be the first to emphatically , repudiate the same title in the same manner and sense in which it was understood in those days. And why does the Dean forget to remind his en lightened audience that in the long line of Pontiffs it would be difficult to find one who Get forth with greater precision or more unflinchingly asserted the exalted prerogatives of St. Peter's See than the Great Pope St. Gregory ? Writing to the Emperor Maurice he thus lays down the Catholic teaching : ' It is evident to all who know the Gospel that by the voice of the Lord the cave of the whole Church was committed to St. Peter, the Prince of all the Apostles. For to him it is said . 'Feed my Sheep* : ' Peter, I have prayed for thee ' : ' Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church,' &c.; Behold he receives the keys of the Heavenly King dom. The power of binding and loosing is given to him. To him is given the care and govern ment of the whole Church.' (Epp. lib. 4, Ep. 32.) With the like inconsistency the Dean appeals to ? ? Pere Gratry, -whom he styles ' a leading member of the Roman Church,' and who used the words ' the Petrine claims are gangrened with fraud.' But here again the Dean forgets fco tell his audience that as Pere Gratry himself explained in a letter to the Cohrespondant on 25th of February, 1872, he used those expressions to condemn, not the Catho lic doctrine, but those preposterous and absurd tenets to which I have already referred which men falsely and insolently imputed to tne Church, whilst he at the same time declared that he cordially accepted and with true filial piety would ever defend the genuine teaching of Catholic faith. It now only remains that as a conclusion from the remarks which I. have made, I would ask you to extend your most cordial sympathy to those who are yearning for the Reunion of Christendom. (Great applause.) The scattered nations that enjoy the blessings of Christian civilization justly acclaim the wisdom and enlightenment of the illustrious Pontiff Leo XIII., who with true paternal affection has invited all wanderers to be gathered into the one spiritual fold. He has ouiamonsd the faithful to unite in prayer to the Most High that in the ways of Divine mercy this grand and glorious result may be accomplished, and I trust that all our earnest and energetic Australians may fervently correspond to the wishes of His Holiness. (Applause.) The Church of Christ, founded upon the divinely strengthened rock, stands unmoved amid the storms and tempests with which a hostile world assails it. She is as radiant to-day -with the light of truth, as unwearied in preserving to man the treasures of Re demption, as beneficent in imparting the blessings of heaven, as when all fair and comely she first came from the Reedeemer's hands. She never ceases to invite those who are in darkness to hasten to enjoy the divine radiance of heavenly truth, and she summons to the calm and peace and religious joy of the saving fold those who are weary of the burden of their miseries, or tossed about by the whirlwinds of varying doctrines and human deceits. Who can describe the consolation of soul, the joy, the gladness that becomes the happy lot of those who hearken to her summons, and follovdng the dictates of conscience and guided by the gentle light of divine mercy, are privileged to find a refuge and a home in the 'bosom of Holy Church ? Let Mr. Brownson, the acute philosopher and distin guished publicist of the Uniied States, who, after many years' wandering was led at length to the repose and peace of Catholic truth, recount his own experiences on his conversion. ' The convert to the Church,'' he says, 'is the prisoner liberated from the Bastile; a weight is thrown from his shoulders, the manacles fall from his hands and the fetters from his feet ; he feels as light and as free as the air, and he -would chirp and sing as the bird. This world changes its hue to his eyes ; and he runs and leaps under the blue sky of a boundless uni verse. His thoughts, his mind, his very soul ia lighted up and revels in the freedom of truth. He feels that he has something whereon he can stand, that he has no longer to bear up the Church, bv.t that the Church can bear him up. He is con scious of an unfailing support, and no longer fears that he is in danger every step he takes of hav ing his footing give way and of falling through. His heart bounds with a sense of unlimited freedom, and with a joy unspeakable. He experiences in his soul and through all his frame the truth of our Jjord s 'woras to me jews, -u iub ouu iuuku yuu free, you shall be free indeed.' ' (Applause.) With Mr. Allies they cry out like Augustine of old, ' too late have I found Thee who shouldst have fostered my childhood and set Thy gentle and awful seal on my youth ; who shouldst have brought me up in the serene regions of truth, apart from doubt and the long agony of uncertain years. O too long sought and too late found ; yet be it given to me to pass under Thy protection the short re mains of this troubled life, to wander no more from the fold, but to find the chair of the Chief Shepherd to be indeed ' the shadow of a great rock in a weary land.' ' (Applause.) I may be permitted to con clude with the exquisitely beautiful words with which the illustrious Mewman invited all who are outside the saving fold to become partakers of the blessings which it was his own happy privilege to enjoy — « Oh, long sought after, tardily found, desire of the eyes, joy oi; the heart, the truth after many shadows, the fulness after many foretastes, the home after many storms, come to her, poor wanderers, for she it is, and she alone, who can unfold the meaning of your being and the secret of your destiny,''' (Loud and prolonged applause,) 