FICTION. A WOMAN'8 COURAGE, Kate Mitchell was one of those unfortunate women whose surplus physical energies distinguish them from others of their sex. As a child she was known as a " tomboy," and prim mothers held her up as an awful warning to their little daughters, while in her own home he question how to subdue her buoyant spirits was wrestled over with true maternal solicitude. When she grew up society frowned upon her as a "hoyden," and her way was beset with thorns. At eighteen she could row, and swim, and ride, and play lawn tennis like a boy. She was a great walker, and upon one occasion she had walked up Mount Diablo and back in two days with her brother and a couple of friends-a feat which alone would have sufficed to place her under a ban in San Francisco's best society. That she sang like a bird, danced like a sylph, and was altogether a very amiable, pure-minded girl, was a small offset for the sum of her iniquities ; and although she was exceedingly popular among a set of young and irresponsible boys, conservative circles frowned upon her, and it was generally understood that she was a young person of most radical and dangerous tendencies. It was, therefore, a matter of polite regret when the announcement of her coming nuptials with one of this conser vative circle was received. Tom Middleton was a promising young lawyer, of excellent family and irreproach able manners. It had been generally understood that Tom's ideal was of a different type, and more after the pattern of the elegant society women with whom he had been accustomed to associate. His intimate friend and boon companion, Jack Spencer, who had always disap. proved of Kate, undertook to pose as the mouthpiece of society, and echoed its sentiments in Tom's unwilling ear. Tom stood staunchly by his colours, but his friend's words sank deep into his soul, nevertheless. He secretly resolved that, for his sake and her own, Kate must be " toned down." He succeeded even beyond his hopes. Nine years after the marriage few would have recognised in the quiet, repressed woman the gay and spirited girl of former days. Kate was fond of her husband, and the alchemy of love had wrought the change ;but it is a dangerous thing to meddle with spiritual chemistry as well as the forces of the material world, and if Tom had known what pent-up longings and rebellious inclinations raged beneath his wife's quiet exterior he might have repented his success. But he went on callously and blindly, as men will when dealing with delicate forces which they cannot understand, and Kate kept her grievances to herself. Two children came -the elder a girl, a fiery, untamed little creature, who made the mother's heart ache, as she saw in the child a reflex of herself ; the other a boy, sturdy, deliber ate, like his father. When the children grew larger, and needed room for exercise and out-door air, which their city home would not afford, they took up their residence in a little country home, not so far away but that Tom could travel back and forth daily and attend to his business and it is here that our story finds them. One grey December day Kate stood at her window, gazing out upon the land scape. It had been a dull, tiresome week. Several days before Tom had started off on a long-promised vacation, which was to be dedicated to a hunt in the mountains,in company with a party of friends. She was thinking, with envy, of this hunting party, and wondering, half-bitterly, why anr usements that were conceded to be proper and healthful for men should not be healthful and proper for women. How she would have enjoyed the long cramps over the hill, the excitement of the hunt, the joy of holding a good gun on her shoulder, and knowing that she could sight and shoot with the best of them ! She felt a wieked solace as she thought of the showers that had fallen in the valley and the clouds that had hung constantly over the mountains. She was lonely, dull, and cross, and chafed against her hedged-in life with its narrow boundaries, its senseless restrains. There was a rush of feet through the house. The door of the room opened and the children burst in. "Mamma, the creek is up. Take us down to see it1!" The childish longing for novelty and excitement found an instant echo in her heart. They had run in from outdoor play, and were bonneted and cloaked, with rubber overshoes to protect their feet from the damp earth. As for her, it was refreshing to evade Bridget's vigilant eye, and to steal out of the front door in her loose house dress, bare-headed, and with worsted slippers on her feet. They followed the garden path for a little distance, and then entered a narrow lane leading to a place where they were accus tomed to ford in the summer time, but over which now swept a seething tempes tuous flood. As they looked and listened. Kate realised that this was no ordinary freshet, bunt thle product of a heavy rainfall over the whole vast watershed, which had accumulated its forces in thousands of tiny rivulets, and, joining issue with the mountain stream, plunged down its narrow channel a mighty and irresistible power. Even as they looked she saw a wall of water suddenly rear up above and come down towards them like a miniature tidal wave. The dam built by the new Water Com pany had given way ! They ran back from the shore to higher ground, and not a moment too soon. The stream rose several feet in a second. It cut into the solid banks on either side, and bushes and youn:u trees, rooted up and sucked in by the greedy current, went spinning up. A giant ' ycamore wavered, flung out its bare and ikeleton limbs as if in ghostly protest, and fell far out into the stream, interlocking its branches with a sturdy evergreen oak which stood on the opposite bank, while its trunk, loosely anchored by long, snake-like roots tossed helplessly in mid stream. "Mamma ! see the big boards coming 1" rired out her little daughter. Kate looked far upstream and saw a great timber sailing leisurely along. Now it caught on a projecting snag and swung half about, now it struck on a submerged island and idly disengaged itself and sauntered on. Behind it was another, and yet another-the stream was black with them. "Oh, my God ! The railway bridge 1" The railway bridge ! and the afternoon train now nearly due, soon to rush down a steep grade into that yawning chasm. I Her first impulse was to start up the canon, but she instantly checked herself, What folly, when miles of overflow lay between her and the doomed train ! Word must be sent down to the station and from there a telegram to the next stopping place above the bridge. But how? The hired man, Jim, had gone an hour before to the village to get the mail and 1 have his daily gossip with the loungers of the place. Even if he were here neither horse nor man was fleet enough to cover i the circuitous road that lay between. Then she looked at the prostrate sycamore. Down the stream, leisurely, I but nearer and nearer still, sailed the 1 great timbers. t "Marian, take little brother and go i straight ti the house, and stay there till e mamma comes back." She had already pulled herself upby I one of the roots and was creeping stealthily along the swaying trunk. Here her dress caught on a branch; there she had to climb down and crawl along with I her feet under the water to avoid an up- I right limb. Once she slipped and lost her hold, and was nearly sucked into the eddying current, but she caught at a stout projection and swung herself up again. 1 She could hear the awash of the heavy timbers upstream as they rocked lazily upon the water, but she did not dare to look. Before her the main trunk of the tree was t lost, and she saw two diverging limbs, one 9 low in the water, the other locked with the oak in mid-air. Which to take ? She o dared not hesitate, but began a perilous climb along the upper limb, slippery and naked in places, wavering so that she grew giddy and shut her eyes to keep from falling. And so, lying prone upon it hand over hand, she crept the entire length, and the great stick of timber I struck heavily against the fallen sycamore, t and just as Kate swung herself into the , branches of the oak she felt her support E give way, and with a groan, and crash, and wild up-tossings of its skeleton arms the old tree tore loose from its moorings and was swept down the stream towards the bay. Her hands torn and bleeding, Kate 1 Middleton reached s lid ground at length, and first her maternal instinct asserted it self, and she looked back and saw her children standing still and looking after her. She pointed home with a gesture I that they dared not disobey, and raw them turn up the lane, then sped along her way. She was not light of foot as in her girl hood; where as she was once fleet as a deer, and swift motion was a very joy to her, she now realised that she was growing 1 to be a stout and middle aged woman. She moved heavily and clumsily, and laboured for breath, and her feet were like clods beneath her. There was a mile of rough and rocky ground to be covered before . she. reached the station, and the train- oh, but to possess once more the agility of her girlhood. Which would be first ? Would the train flying across the upper levels of the Coast Range, reach the next station before the brave woman had sent her message of warning ?How many times she asked herself the ques. tion, she could not have told, She scarcely dared hope that she might be in time. Her heart seemed ready to burst with grief for the terrible misery threat ening so many happy homes. Alas ! for the orphaned children who might cry aloud to heaven that night I Alas for fathers and mothers whom the morrow might be hold bowed down with sorrow ! Alas for husbands and wives ! She was crossing the bed of one of the many abandoned channels of the im petuous mountain stream, a rock path way, strewn with the spoils of bygone freshets, where, even then, a shallow stream was rippling past, token of the torrent's surplus force. She faltered, smitten by a new and awful thought. What if Tom-Tom who was not to come for two days more ; Tom who had started out in an altogether different direction should have cut short his excursion, or, with his party driven home by the con tlnued rains, had somehow wandered to the upper stations and boarded the train there. Where was her vaunted physical strength now ? What was she, after all, but a weak, wretched woman, with trembling limbs, every muscle clogged by this great horror that had taken possession of her, a fierce pain gripping at her heart, something rising in her throat which suffocated her, her eyes blinded with babyish tears ? Thank, God ! her brain kept clear and true to its pur pose, and urged on the flagging body. On, on, over little hillocks, across level stretches of sand, down new ravines she ran. Once she cut her foot cruelly upon a sharp stone and remembered, for the first time, that she had on the little worsted slippers she had worn In the house, and had carelessly neglected to exchange for walking boots when she started down to the creek with her child ren. She even bethought herself that her loose house dress was scarcely the style of apparel in which she should like to pre sent herself at the station could she have her choice, and in the same breath sent up a prayer of thankfulness for its light weight, which scarcely encumbered her movements. With all the rest of her senses dulled, her hearing appeared to become pretor naturally sharp. She seemed to hear the clatter of the approaching train twelve miles away. The throb, throb, throb, of the engine kept pace with her beating heart. She heard the hollow echoes from the neighbouring hills as the train crept over the embankments, its deafening clamour as it rushed across trestle-work its dull rumble as it rolled over solid ground. She even semed to see the engineer as he laid his hand on the escape valve, ready to give the iron monster voice as it neared the little mountain town, then the wild shriek of the escaping steam, the clangour of the bell, the puff, puff, as the train slackened speed, the olatter of the brakes, the jangle of the couplings. Would she never reach the little red station-house, now plainly in sight at the end of the smooth gravelled road ? She was passing the post-office, where people idly gazed at her. What matter! If only there were a horse and buggy in sight, to help her on her way ! If only one of the loungers would understand and take up the 'mission which her spent strength seemed inadequate to fulfil ! But she might not turn aside. On the depot platform more loungers, Jim among them. rolling a quid of tobacco in his cheek and talking earnestly about the state of the weather and the prospects of the growing crops. They all looked upon her as a mad woman as she ran past them. Jim mut. tered an expletive under his breath, moved by the strong indignation that must always possess a self-respecting servant when master or mistress does something derogatory to the dignity of his " family." The stationmaster was in his office, talk ing with a gentleman who had come down from the mountains and was waiting to take the train to the city. He was clad in a hunting suit, and was talking with some excitement. "It has rained all the week, he was saying; "you think it rains here in the valley, but, great guns! you should be up in the mountains in a rain-storm. Shoots and sheets of it--bliz. zards of sleet and hail, and the wind blowing like a hurricane. We broke camp yesterday. I took a bee-line down here. The rest crossed the hills to the station abnve. They'll be down on the 4 o'clock." Voice and speaker were familiar to the woman who stood in the doorway, both hands pressed to her panting breast. The words came too distinctly to her quick ened senses. Then her premonitions were true, and Tom- Tom was on that fated train. Again her body reeled but her steady brain saved her. " Stop the train ! The bridge is gone !" she cried. Both men looked up, startled at the words. With the prompt movement of a man trained to obey orders; the agent leaped to his instrument; the other man, slower to comprehend, came forward, the look of amazement on his face as he viewed the singular appari tion in the doorway giving place to amused indulgence, as he recognised the speaker. What an eccentric, impetuous girl Kate Mitchell always was, and what a life she must lead Tom Middleton i "This is quite an unexpected pleasure, Mrs Middleton," he said smiling. She waved him back with a single imperious gesture. There was a brief salence. The operator listened intently, whith his head resting on his hand. Kate Middleton remained standing in the doorway, her hands clasped low, her face blanched with dread, and all her soul absorbed in listening. Jack Spencer slowly comprehending the meaning of the scene, waited, his interests growing with every moments delay. At last it came, the monotonous click, click, conveying its portentous message in a language unknown to two of the three listeners. The operator rose from his chair. " Just in time. The train was pulling out of the station, but they stopped her." Kate Middleton clutched at the door way. For the first time in her life her head gave way. - She was again on the swaying sycamore, and the limb was cracking, breaking, going down. She felt the water on her face and opened her eyes to find Jack Spencer supporting her head, and the station agent pouring ice water over her." "She'll be all right in a minute," said Jack, cheerfully. "Now, Mrs Middleton, with your permission, I'll see you home." She borrowed a hat and cloak from the station agent's wife. Jim brought up the horses. Jack Spencer handed her into the wagon with grave courtesy, and they drove off. Some of the loungers, dimly understanding what she had done, looked on curiously. That was all. No fuss, no normal tributes, no speechmak ing even from the two who understood. There was no deputation of strong men to tender her public tribute in voices shaken by sobs. Contrary to all tradition, and unlike any hero or heroine who ever saved a train from wreck, she was on the wrong side of the bridge, and the people most deeply concerned were nine miles away. Neither honour nor praise awaited Kate in her own home. Bridget scolded her and put her to bed, and declared that she " wad surely catch 'ar death-a-cold, and she deserved it well," and tried to save her from the consequences of her misdeeds at the same time. Of the chil dren, Harry stubbornly resented her base desertion of them on the bank of the rag ing stream, and Marian, with her mother's spirit of adventure strong upon her, terrified the household by avowing her intention of going across the water on a tree the first time she could escape parental authority. The mother had her reward, neverthe less. Late that night, when the children were asleep and Bridget had relaxed guard, Kate escaped from bed, and donning a wrapper and shawl laid herself down upon the lounge before the open fire to enjoy scanning the daily paper. The rain fell steadily without, so steadily that the sounds of a horse's hoofs coming up the sodden driveway was scarcely distinguishable from the patter of the rain drops. Kate started up as she heard a step outside the door. Another moment and Tom was before her, looking very solemn, like a newly materlalised ghost. "Tom !" she cried sharply, and then she seemed to cower before him; yet not before him, but the horror of the afternoon, which again descended upon her and took possesion of her. Tom, her husband, might have beeoon one of that grisly throug of mangled, crushed, dead, and dying phantoms of the might-have been ever torturing her mental vision. She pressed her hands over her eyes, as if they might bar out the sight. " Oh, you ought not; you never should do such a thing," she said. After all she had nerves, and they had been sorely tried that day. " What do you mean 1" gravely demanded Tom. This was indeed a sorry greeting after all he had been through. "You shouldn't have come home in this unexpected way ; you should let people know when you are coming." " Kate," said Tom solemnly, seating himself on-the sofa and drawing her down beside him, " you will speak differently when you know how near I came to not coming home at all ;I have travelled twelve miles on horseback over a rough mountain road to get here tonight. We were just starting out of Prescita when we were notified that the bridge three miles below there-six miles above hero, Rate-had been carried away." " How did you find out ?" Kate was herself again. There was a little twinkle in her eyes, but her lip trembled. " As to that,"' replied Tom, " reports are somewhat vague. But all accounts agree it was a woman. And she did won derful things. The brldge.tender's wife, I believe. Floated down stream on a timber, somebody said. Started, all dripping, for the station, and got there in an unconscionably short time. Not a minute to spare. If it hadn't been for her- oh, it was a wonderful feat, every body says." "But how-very-unladylike i" said Kate, In a shocked voice, stooping to pick up something from the floor. "Unladylike !" cried Tom, excitedly "I tell you, Kate, that was something worthwhile. Very different from your lawn tennis practice. When a woman puts her strength to such a use-and such a strain as it must have been, by Jove ! Why, Kate, I doubt if you could so much as walk to town and back. But when a woman saves two or three hundred lives at one stroke- My goodness, Kate ! what have you been doing to your foot?" For Mrs Middleton had unconsciously pushed the wounded foot into sight, and its load of bandages, piled up by Bridget's clumsy fingers, and finished with a red flannel swathing, was indeed calculated to strike terror to the beholder. "I-took a little walk to-day," replied Kate, guiltily, trying to hide her foot again beneath the hem of her dress. " But don't let us talk about that, Tom. I'm sorry I seemed queer and cold when you came in. I wasn't feelirng well, and you -you looked so. It made me shiver." Like many people who are dauntless in the presence of real danger, Kate had all her life been shy of praise. If she could have kept the knowledge of her escapade, as she mentally termed it, from her hus band, she would gladly have done it. But, stupid as he was in some ways, obtuse as he was, he was not to be put off in this way. He was already on his knees beside her, cutting threads, re moving pins and undoing cloths, in spite of her protests, until he disclosed a little foot, purple with bruises, and with an ugly, gaping cut in one side. "No wonder you are not yourself to night. A little Qwalk? I should say so. Kate, what have you been up to now ?" " I had on my slippers," confessed the culprit, " and-there wasn't any time to change them. Let it alone, Tom. I'll be all right to-morrow." "A 'little walk '" persisted Tom, "Great Cesar, Kate, you are not to be trusted alone any more than a two- year old babe. I'll never dare to go off and leave you again." " If I hadn't taken my little walk, you -you--you mightn't have had ,the chance ?" cried poor Kate, cornered at last. "My soul ?" cried Tom, a light dawn ing upon him at last. " It was you !" I think he kissed the little lame, bruised foot. I am afraid he did a great many foolish things and humbled himself most lamentably to show his love for his brave young wife, his pride in her, and his contrition. There was a purse made up by the pas sengers on the overland train that fateful day to reward the plucky woman who had saved them from such a frightful disaster, but they were never able to find her out. The stationmaster and Jack Spencer kept their secret well. The only sub. scription that over reached its destination was Tom Middleton's. His wife sometimes wears a very ugly bracelet set with a couple of very large and ponderous gold coins. When people question her about it she replies that it is a medal Tom once awarded her for a race she won. It is generally under stood that she refers to some rowing match or horseback ride, for there are boats on the pond now, saddle horses in. Tom's stables, and a tennis court on the lawn. But even as she answers Kate sees again the railroad train, with its precious living freight, thundering on to destruction, and a woman, bare-headed, wild-eyed, with draggled 'dress and bleed ing feet, racing desperately across a rough country, in a mad effort to avert the im pending danger.-The Argonaut. 