ST. JOHN'S CREEK. [Fkom a Correspondent.] Doubtless many readers of the Times wi 1 be glad to learn the nature of tha operations being carried on at this ence promising goldfieli. The old Perseverance ground is now being worked by M-sstb. Pugh Brcs., and their last parcel of 25 tons of stone crushed here save the very satisfactory vield of 81 ozs. 15 dwts. This crushing was taken from near the surface, and work is now be'ng carried on in the old stopes close to Bishop's shaft, where a fair sized reef is showing, carrying pvyable gold. Next in importance is No. 1 East Perse verance (Ford and Mcltfullen). A contin uation of the Perseverance reef was picked up a few feet below the surface, and the only work done is the sinking of a main sha't oi the reeE which has attained a depth of nearly 50 feet, from which two crushing?, in all 33 tons of stone, yielded over 55 ozs of gold; their Ia3t crushing, viz., 22 tons, gave 42 oz3. 4 dwts. 12 grs. for the parcel. So far the s'one raised has all come from the sink, but a level is being started, and stoping the reef will be gone on with as soon as possible ; the reef is about 2 feet in the bottom, of a like quality as their late crushing. No. 2 East, after doing considerab'e prospecting without payable results, are under exemption ; they mat with a big reef formation showing traces of gold, and it is believed that the reaf proper has dipped sharp'.y, and will b; picked Tip by sinking a winza on the formation. No. 3 East, after working for about 4 months, and getting no reef, gave up the ghost No. 1 West Perseverance have done a lot of work, and are now upon a reef about 10 inches, and recently crushed 6 tons for a return of 15J- dwt3 per ton ; present depth of shaft, 31 feet. The compvny in tends sinking until 50 feat is reached, when leve's will be started and stoping carried on. The next property to notice id the Puzzler United (or old No. 5 Perseverance). This company have a reef about 30 inches, and had a ciushing of 8 tons, which yielded 8J- dwts per ton ; another paddock of stone s accumulating. North-west of this a new line of roef was discovered by Messrs. Andersoa and Nolan, and known as the Nil Desperan dum. The finders have a P.A. besides which claims on both sides were p ggeJ out. The No. 1 West have had two crush mgs ; the first 3 tons gave 19J dwts pec ton, and the second lot of 18 tons, 1H dwts. per ton. This company has been recon structed, and operations are ag-iin ia full swing. The P.O. have cru-hed 11 tons for a yield of 17 dwts per ton; the present depth of shafc is about 25 feet, and a new shoot of payable stone came in a few feet from the bottom. The reef is about 6 inches thick, and the country favorable for work ing. A striking feature of this line is the well-defined walls, the reef being almost vertical; besides this thereof can ba traced for a considerable distance along the sur face, but in some places poor prospects only arj obtained. There is work being carried on at the Homtward Bound, Jbidy Margaret, and Welcome reefs, and trial crushings are being taken, and if prospects warrant it operations on a large scale will be under taken. The Perseverance battery was running for several weeks, and in all crushed 90 tons of stone for a yield of about 154 oz;. of gold, which was certainly not a bad average. Mr. A. Lalonde, who had charge of the battery, gave entire satisfaction to the public, borne of the small parties of miners find it extremaly hard to jog along, as there is no such thing as backing money, and they are therefore so'.ely de pendent upon the generosity of the Eids voli storekeepers for supplies, pending their s' one being orushed. St. John'd Creek, May 25, 1895. [We shall be pleased to hear again from our correspondent. — G.T.] 