%-s- Story tiall^r. y — ' ?* - ? 'VV®3BteVIBRSJANiD4'WEPT CHAPTflR I; AT *?- ITAK A» aABTBB. Oi.o~bi.oPS Jane weather, Uodar moonlight ' lroB,.»rpi«*B. lltw'y:r'BonT-» myatical light— ?liter-bright op far-off glimpses of the 'wind* iip; ri»er, soft and mysterious where it fails; upbii' the 'growing darkness of the woodland ;; ?' penaite light, oy whioh men not altogether given np to the world are apt. to ponder the aetp migmu.of this life, and to look back ward, Heaven knows with what, keen agonies, ?r ''sgret, to jonih that has' vanished and friends that are dead, Two men who had been dining at the Star aid Garter, and who have stolen away from tbe- dessert' to smoke their cigars ander' the ssidsummer mooii, contem plate , the! familiar landcoape in lazy, ?editaliv* sileaee. One is sitting on the ?tone balastrade of the terraee, with his face' tamed to tha distant onrv'e ot the river, watching the tender light with a' very sombre exorassion of oouatenanoe : the' other stands with his elbows renting pa the ,balnstrad«, amoking iodostrionsiy, , and i looking syery bow nad then with rather as nb'oasy glance at his compsaion. , Tha first is Sir Cyprian Daienant, the last ?cioa, of, a good old Kentish .family, and pfrii'er of one of the finest and oldest places in the eorinty of Kent. The Davanants have! been a wild reeklew set for the last bandrcd years, and there is not an aore of DsTebam / Ppr^ ?f * tr-* -n Dsfesant wnod nnen enmbered by mortgage. How 8ir Cyprian lives and contrives to keep out of a debtor's prison is a subject, for the wonder of his nanteroas acquaintances. His intimitate friends know that- the man basfaw expensive habit)- and that he has a iooa)l inoome from alj estate' inhari tad from hia mother. Sir.,. Cyj- rian'a oompsnion is a man ap proaching middle age, with a decidedly plain, face'/ redeemed from ngliaeis by a certain bright orss of exprension about the mouth arid ?yq*.,Thisgeatlames is James Morton Wyatt.a spljcftor,; with an, excellent praotice, and. a desldfd' taa'te for literature, which he is rich . . enough to. be able to cultivate at his leisure, leaving th« ordiaarj run oi eases to the caro of bis junior partner, and only patting in an appea'-aoW at hit office when an affair of some, importsnoe it on band. James Wyatt is a1 bachelor and a great favorite with the lair sex, for whom, bis fsabioaable modern oynioism ssems to possess an extraordinary oharm. The cynio has a natural genius tor tha art of flattery, and ? certain subtle power of pJMsiniftNt, surprise* bis mala acquaint, aace, who wonder what the woman oau ess in' tin's fellow, with his long, mean-looking aose, aae hia' small fray, ayes, and his in eassant flow ot shallow talk. ' Yon're not verylivaly company to-night, Dayenant,' James Wyatt said, at last. * I've been waiting with exemplary patience for some kind ot roply to' the question I asked you about a qnarter of an hour ago.' ' You can scarcely expect much Hveliaess from a man who is going to start for Africa in fonr-and- twenty hours, with a very vague prospect of coming back again.' /Well I don't know about that. It's a plsastire trip, isn't it, this African exploration easiness T ' It is to be called pleasure, 1 believe. My share, in it would never hava come about but for a promise to an old friend. It is a point of honor with ma io go. The promise was given five or six years ago, when I was hot upon the subject. I expect very little enjoyment from the business naw, bat I am boand to go.' He eithed as he said this, still leoking tar away at rhe winding river, with the same ' ?pmbra expression in his eyes. It was a faoe : not, easily forgotten by those who had onoe , looked upon it, ? face of remarkable beauty, ' : a little wan and faded with cares and disHi- ; pationa of a career that hsd been tar from perfect. - Cyprian Davenant was not qaite : five-and-thirty, bot he had lived at a high : pressure rate for ten years of his life and ?ore the traces of the trsy. The perfect ' profile, the broad low brow and doep [dark . eyes .had not lost much in losing the fretih- ness^of youth, but tbe pale cheeks were just a - little* sunken, and there were lines about , those splendid eyes, and a rigid look about the thin resolute lips. If there waa a fault : to be found in the faen it wae perhaps the too , prominent lower brow in which the perceptive ' \- or£sns were developed in an extreme degree, : yet this very prominence gave character and , individuality to the countenance. James Wyatt heard the regretful sigh, and : noted the despondence of bis companion's to«e. ... : 'I should have thoogbt there were not - many people in England who would csre aboif linavipg Siavenant,' he said, with a ; carioua, watchful look at the other noun's . half-averted face'. ' I have heard you boast of standing alons in tha world.' ' Rather a barren boast, isn't it P' snid Sir Oypriaii, with a briaf and bitter laugb. t.IiM; I am quite alone. Since my sister Marian's marriage, and complete absorption in nursery oaras and nursery joys, there is no one to offer let or hindrance to my going yonder. I have .friends, of course, a great many — suoh as you, Jim, for instance ; jolly good fallows, who would smoke a cigar with ?te to-night in the bonds of friendship, and who would bear of my death a month hence Without turning a hair.' ' Don't talk platitudes about you friends,' Cyprian. I have no doobt tboy.are as good aa other people's. I doa't know a man going asere popular than you are.' Cyprian Oavenant took no notice of this remark. 1 Dear old river I' he murmured, tenderly. 'Poor /old river, how many of the happieit hears of ay life have been spent upon your banks, or on your braast I Shall 1 ever see you again, I wonder, or shall I find - grave in the sand far away (torn the Thames and Medway f Don't think me a sentimental old fool, Jim ; but tho fact is, I am a little oat «f spirits to- eigbt. I ought not to huve ao f spied Sinclair's invitntinn. I talked nijoteen to tbedoien at dinner, and drank no end of hook and eeltser, bat I felt aa dreary es r. ghost assisting at his own foneral. I auppoial am ?oo old for this African business. I hava out lined the explorer's spirit, and have a foolish kistd of presentiment that the thiDg will conie to a bad end. Of course I wouldn't own to snsh a feeling, among the men who are going, but I may. confess as much, to -y «-i without J*ing put down aae owen.1 . | ' I'll tell you what it is, Davenant,' answered the lawyer, 'Thers is BomethioK- deeper than yon ho»a of ned to ye-at the. bqttom of your rnlnotance tojeavq England. There is some one, at least— a woman.' ' The otter turned' his face f nil upon- the speaker. . ' You're about right, Jim.' ha said, loosing the end of his cigar away as he apoke. ?There is a woman— not a* sudden 'caprice either but a woman I have lored truly and fondly for the last five years of- my 'life II I were a wise man, I should' be very glad of this chance of curing my infatuation by put ring a few tboasand miles between myself and the loveliest faoe, I ever saw.' 'It'* a hopeless cbbp, then, I uppoae,' sug gested Jamea Wyatt. 1 Quite hopeless, What have I to offer the woman I love? The income ; upon , which I have managed to live since my ruin and subisquently reformation would be some thing worse than, beggary for a wife such, as the woman I lo'vo, Eren if ahe were willing to ahare my poverty, could Iibe mean enpugh to drag her ! into suoh a slough of despjpnd 1 Np, Jim, it is' a. hopeless case. My ftretty one and I muat part. :.I; to ; dreary old bachelorhood, she to fulfill her mission anil make one of the grand matches of the season.' (To be continued.) 