I 'Dr. Harris's Last Words to the Boys. Presentations from the School to the Headmastor. Just previous to the timo when the boys woro about to bis dismissed for their woek's lenv0 on Wednesday afternoon, Dr. Harris presented prizes to some of tho boys who are leaving this term and will not be horo at the annual presentation. Tbe homnward bouiid boys include llaok, Suttor, and Ebsworth (thrco of tho best footballers in the HolinnlV: and Suttor wns handed a modul in recognition of the fact that he bad beon a, member of the 'fifteen, for the Iobi throo yertrs. : -In ppecially thanking.' Suttor for his plucky ''play; Dr. Harris said those who won. prize's in at h1 otic nud social lifo wore iib worthy ot honour us those who won book prizes, ' : ! '?'?'?' AVhon tho ?Hoiulmiistur, had .finished, J. Mnughan, orio'of tho boys, fitoppod ib tho front and unveiling a handsome marblo-olooksnid'tho scholars had nrrunged thiHjmpmonto as eomo thing the reoipiont could rempmbor: thorn by and to show their nffuotion to 'their lato head master. Thoy word all very Borry tliiti he was leaving. and thoy hopod that Mb high'opinion of .the school would novor decrease and that ho would alwnys-pld tho same qpiuiqn of thorn ub ho hold now. ' During his stay Ittr'. Harris had mudo himself so much liked '.th^t they would always havo ii ploasuut fomombrnncn of him. The spenkor could ribtbxpresB us well as ho ought tho feolings of the boys towards -.Drv HnrriR. Thoy woro all vory 'sorry at ? losing, him nnd hoped, ho wotildiilwuys look, back 'with phvisuro to hiB stay at tho King's School. (Oheors.) Dr. Harris, speaking with difficulty, said :' Doiir!bpy.8, it is not easy for- trie to spoak undor any circuinstuiices to-day and obrtninly it is not cuBy to. return thanks to you for your exceed ing kindness. I assure you I ..shall tr'piiBuro it and my family (I may say now for throe genorittious) will treasure it iih a maiiifost lokon of our happy eovQn.!yours cnnnoclion with tho King's Sohool. It ia oxoeodingly kind of ynu to havo thought 'of giving mo 'anything at all, and the kind way in which Mauijhuii. Kan oxprossod your feeling towards mo has touched mo vory muoh. I remooibor when I Imd to faco a roomful of strangers a few days aftor I ?arrived and I said I could not 'ay much. But it wns not- that niy fee-lings woro io deeply . stirred us thoy aro ' now. Ono's feolinga nro. not so very ninch moved 'bn 'iin occasion liko th'at. ' Aiid whon I look back .to thpn it ' sboitib tliftt Ihavo done very.Httlo. I oarno into on institution which hud '. .beon .. going on boforo I wua* h'oru, and which, please God, will po on for 'couturies after I ii'ii. dead.. I' seomod to nib that I wus juat liko ii msn' looking after some machinery. tlo turns a handlo horo and there and puts in a lilt-lo oil and 'noes' that no dirt guts in 'tho machinery.. And that is what I have triod to do hoar. I wanted to sco this grand ougino — nn.ongino for intellectual, 'moral und spiritual purposes — conducted bo 'us to turn out vory precious work, to turn out (jood ohuraotors nnd livos'Jn this grand new c6untry. ] wus sot to see. that' this engine did its work proporly und I have tried to do that, und I have had much us sistunco from tho boya nnd musters who bavo stood by rao loyally, -faithfully, and un selfishly, nnd it has boon a labor of lovo. Tr.o foundation stone of this goodly edifioo hud boon well und truly. 'laid and I huvo tried to put ou tho luyor of Btonos whioh it foil to my lot to lay. You know that tho first principle thut 1 have .always tried to put befura you is tho sucredness of duty — sacradnesa because it is the will of God who created us, of Jonua Christ who rwdoumed us, und tho Holy Ghost who Banotifiss us. I am conscious that I havo not dono ninny little thinps that I might havo done. Tho feel ing of thnnkfulnoss, forbearance, consideration, helped mo greatly und I have proved that my efforts havo not boon in vain. I am couscious of tho bolp I huvo rocuivod in doiug tho work which has boon phicod in my hands lo do. I assure you, dear boye, that our sovon years horo has boon u happy sovon years. I shall always feel — though miles of ocean sopnrato us — thut it wns u real homo undor tho roof of tho King's School, 'xtio way I was reooived in tho first plaoo and treated horo has ondeurod this pluoo to my hoirt. As long ns I live I will long to hoar good of tho King's School, und that it holds itB bead still in tho vory foromost ranks of tho schools of Austruliu. I must not detain you any longer hb tho clook is moving on towards the time whon most of us will bo going away and I shall be umoiig thosa who aro leav ing. Those who uro loiving us are going to oarry tho banner of our aohool high whorovor tbov may be so that it may bo said that the Kin^'o School turns out Christian gontlomcn. To thoso of you who aro coming back I would liko to say that the timo of transition in a vorv difficult time, and I hopo all who como buck will resolvo that tho futuro shall be a groat deal bottor than tho past. If you make up your minds to thiH it. ahull be. No one will ro joico more than tho ono who is speaking, if tbo days of Harris's headmastership uro forgotton in raoro brilliant rooorde. Our successes in tho past are more than I should have expected to seo nnd I hope these successes will bo tho standard of tho future. Of course I oould go on for a considerable time and not say a hundredth part of what I should like to say. I am suro I am full of a fooling of gratitude to God for guiding our steps hero and gratitude to the men and boys who havo mndo it possible) for mo to hand on my task to a younger tutor, ^hank you, boys! F. Muck' (the captain of the football toam) tlion presented Dr. Harris with a photo of tho winning football tenin hoatly frnmod. Dr. Harris said he would always be proud to hung tbo photo on tho wall nnd to toll pooplo that thoso were tho boys' ho had had tbo band ling of. Ho thanked them for their kind thoughtfulnos in providing him—with thin momonto. Mr. W. S. Corr said that on behalf of tho masters and boye for tho last seven years ho would say good-byo to Dr. Harris as thoir headmaster. Dr. Harris could ' rest nsaurod that as long as uny of them lived they would always remembor with pleasure the period of tboir lives that wero privileged to be undor him. Ho had mode himself dour to tho ol'i boys and within a short time his portrait would bo hanging on tho walls- of the room. Ho oould not properly express his feelings or tho feelings of tnoso whom ho ropresentod — ho would simply Bay 'Good-bye.' Dr. Harris : I can only say again I thank you. I am impressed — startled — at your ex ceeding kindness during tho lust few we'H ,and t'o-day above all. ? You havo plaoi'rt u great responsibility on my shoulders for tho futuro of making ino livo up to tho kin-l opinion you have formed of ' me. Thank you again. ' ' Phoers wore tbon oaljod by Dr. Harris for the musters and old boys,' .'rind the boya res ponded with ringing ohoors for Dr. Harris and Mrs. Harris and .'Mrs, Bottiugton.' Qn a eilver'plato on' .the olpok was tho fol lowing prescription :—' Pr'esented'to tho Kov. Edward Hurris, T);D.'( by tho boys of tho King's School,' 'Parramattttj NiS.W. ?8»ptombor 26,' 1805'.'. ?':? ''.?'?? ?'- . 