THE GHOST CENSUS. REPOKT OF PR0F1SS0R SLDG WICK7S COMMITTEE. fTrom our Special Correspondent.] London, October 30, 1894. Mr. Stead is always enthusiastic. In all that he touches the instinct of the born journalist predominates. Whatever fad ot practical movement occupies his mind for the moment it is tamed to the utmost account in the production of copy. When Mr. Stead published ' Ghost Stories ' in the Christmas number of the . Beviea of Rmcx* a. year or two ago people shook their heads ominously. But when be churned to be what is called in the language oi spiritualism, an automatic writing medium, and to have telepathic communica.tioBS over long distances from a lady whose identity was concealed from the public under the mysterious name 'X.,' there was a general idea that Mr. Stead's enthusiasm in dealing with subjects of an occult character had thrown his mind off ijs balance. But he soon showed that what ever fascination _ these absiract cjuastioiis Tv.Ln»fi«iH for him it in no Way diminished his keen business capacity. In the nick of time he preserved the special character of the Eerier of Jimaa by r^egatagocealtism to a separate publication called ''Borderland,' which hob cut with phenomenal success, every issue having bean rapidly sold out. In summing up rise results dedudhte from 'Ghost Stories' Mr. : Stead suggested a 'ghost census,' a project which a few yens ago ?worid ha- re been re Karded as bordering very closely- on the insane, hat tbe snggestion was takea np by scientists jmA ntiyra, and the I1'''*'*''™' so far reached are m^nnttCT.! by Mr. Stead in The Wat vtiwter OanUe from, the report of Professor rSidgwict^g committee on the oenans of halhici .i^n«na which' has occupied the time and aMnttion of the PBychicalHeaearch Society for m period of six years. The main conclusion is that the continuity of the individual after ?death is 'likely to be as firmly established and ?s Tmrtsrolly accepted as any other .fact in nature.' In the report, which occupies 500 pages, of tbe August proceedings of the society, tbeconclnsions arestated with extreme caution, 'tile committee *^»fi»ittig themselves to the .statement that while the evidence is not conclusive, the cases recorded afford some argument for the continuity of psychical life, ana tbe possibility of communication between the dead and the living, and that there is no absolute discontinuity at the change called 'death, or transition to a condition of complete isolation from earth life. In the evidence there «ue said to be many instances of fulfilment of promises to appear after death, as well as oases of apparitions where the fact of the death of the person was unknown to the witness. One of the most remarkable of the cases cited ie related by Miss Dodsoa. On midnight of Sunday, June 5, 1887, she was awakened by rMJ^riwff tier yf^FM* **il-^ .three Htop«. The third time she recognised the voice of her mother, who bad died 16 years previously. The ghost came round a Baeen near her bedside, placed two children in, her arms, and said :— ^Locj, promise me to take cam of them, for their .mother is jtmt dead.' She promised, fuid tbe ghost .vanished, leaving the two children in her arms. She fell asleep, and when -ahe-Kwoke there ?as -nothing ! On the Tueeaay »~u^iMig she received the news of her \- ajater-in- law's death. The committee, which consisted of Professor Sidgwick, and Mesas. F.- W. H. Meyers, frank Pqdmole, Mb. Sidgwiok, and Miss Joh^nn, quote many other snnilar cases, and ooochide their elaborate report as foBowB.-— : - Between oVoalteaiaiapparitians of the dying t»t»»»» B oanneotion exists which is not dne tM&anee; alone. This we hold as a proved fact. The diflenfirion of its full iinplicatione cannot be attempted, in this paper, lor perhaps . exhausted in this age.' The «y|''»»tfrM» seem to hove entered upon their ghost censuB in die same practical ntatter-of -fact way a» thongh they were ascer tajnmgti-etBmperatiire,ortlierauifaIl, or the Bnmberof births is a giren period. Id 1885 Mr. Guroey collected the experience of 5,000 ?living persons on the subject of spooks. The \- present census related to same 17,000 indi vtdtnUs, to whom the fallowing question was ? pot separately: — 'Have yon ever, when believing yourself to be completely awake, bad a vivid impression of seeing or being touched by a- living being or 'inanimate object, or of hearing a voice, which impression, eo far as you could describe, was not dne to any external physical caaBeT' The enquiry was un dertaken by 223 women and 187 men, whom we juay call u Ghost Census Enumerators,' nine-tenths of whom were educated persona, ? and they took the evidence of 17,000 wit Beesea, die majority of whom also belonged to the ^n~*ad rirnnm' Of these 2,2p2 answered thequeetaon in the affirmative, ano tms were -^utthnsidy sifted down to l,G8i. The great nujontV of these profen to have actually seen : appantjons, via,-i,120 white, 388 heard voices, and 144 were actaafiy tinched by ghosts. Of these realistic phantasnenSO were recognised. There werelfiaagefa.aiift rdigjoos ghosts, 33 . grotesque and horriMp apparitions, and in 27 cases tne spectral . farm' was that of an animal. Of : the Tisoal- apparitions 460 were seen within the last ten .years, 423 were seen ? whue the dbsarrar was awake, in bed or ^»— ''-w-faJy after ^waking, in 430 cases the witness was up «nd indoors, and 301 \- Were OQt Of OOOrS. a JMM*'^J-'m*'' ?'?»tn»,al,ta-an ^ it is found Siat tboaa who prof esa-to have seen WKxste 3-4 were Bogiish, 15-9 TtowJMin, 23-9 Btazilians, and other nations JS'i. The great ghost-seeing' age is between 20 and 29. Many P»«»i« refused to relate their experiences, amanc the census ennmerators, each of whom jwis. sjbn to cdiffct Sv answers, 21 per cent, bad «-p I**11 'wn*mt of* their own, -Hov far &is; would disqualify them as itriparri.! qoI lactors can only be judged on a complete examination of the cases they fnrnish. By some r*— '!»'? Pioecos of arithmetic the com mittee tow amved at the conclusion that, allowing for cases in which the supernatural experiences have been forgotten, the number reported most be nuiWpliwd by acme number between 4 and 6J, which would gr»e tennriHian ^ustBeecS It is absolutely appalling to learn that oat ri -H» 1.000^0^06$ people on tins planet 10,000,000 at least have seen and recognised sppantioCBofdead |-Hn»niR This recalls the lmea of Milton — ? 'Millions of spiritual creatures walk ifce, earthy TJnseen, both when we wake and -when we ' deep.' Of couras even a ghost Cessna enmnerator cannot take, account of the 'nrngean' spirits, but if only- 10 per cent, of the Evine can actually behold spooks, what a vast myriad of unrecognised ghosts must be awaiting dis oovery. Indeed^nitbe appendix Mr. Myers ventures to predKt that it win aoon become a ran exception for a student of evidence-to -]«v the bet of ehostiv anpariiaans. In hm second article Mr. Stead begins by combattinir the theory that the supposed ghostly apparitions are merely the visualisa tion of thoughts transmitted by other minds. But, he argues, when the communication con tains information or predictions concerning things to come telepathy win not sufficiently ?xplain the mystcy. The meaning of the term 'teaepsjAy^ is dearly defined in the report of Professor Sidgwick's committee, ftazprases tbaoandudon that 'thougbte«d f eetinga in one mind are sometimes caueed-by irKtB—nm of anodwr mind, not conveyed thronrh the recognised rhannrla of sense.' The report aho refers to cases 'in which the percixaent sees an apparition of someone who utrymg to- transfer an idea of hinwlf, or of somei other human being, to die percipients mind, without any previous knowledge on the ?part of the latter mat such an attempt was being made.' The cases recorded in fhe report do not, however, exclude tbe hypothesis of flieapparition, being not the mere' exter naQamtian of » tdepathically received idea ; ae a seneary haHacinatanri, but Ae double, or ?atral second self of tho experimenter. For Example, a Mrs. Bavleigh Vicars willed that her friend in an adjoining room should see her, with the result that she did see Mrs. V. standing by her bedside. 'For the most part, however, telepathic communication ?Bems only passible far short distances,' say the committee, w This is challenged by Mr. Stead's personal experiences. He declares that he has bad no difficulty in obtain ing moat accurate and lengthy telepathic cotnmanicatkms from friends who were Bundreds of miles distent. He chums to receive automatically written messages con stantly from persons with whom he ba3 established telepathic '?nmmnnifftt^n.i Here » one ramaikable case— 'When Miss X-, my -T--*'1* editor on Barderiastd, returned from her recent mtfiwajng expedition in search of the gifted seers of the Highlands, she wrote teteparirioJly with my hand a long report covering three' closely written quarto pages, describing die results of her visits, her plans and intentions in the future, reporting upon the condition of the office and its work, and discussing questions of practical business. All this was written out with my hand at Wimbledon, while Miss X was in town. I bad not seen her for nearly six weeks, during which time I had not once written to bar. When I met her I read over to her her tele pathic message. When I had finished she said, 'You hare made one mistake. You saySo-and-eo 'is very painstaking, but very atupid.' That is.no* my opinion. So-and-so is very painstaking, but only occasionally atnpiov Andthat was the only error in three dosely-written quarto pages.* Mr. Stead also claims to have recerred tele pagnc messages at Grindelwald from T*nd-p». and in one case that a telegram wasanticmated in this way:— He reoeised (news at Gnndel wald of the illness of a near friend, and decided to return to London. He telegraphed to this effect, and was awaiting a reply giving tbMJootar'a latest report, when he reesSed a trfgpathjcmeeaagertoifaaiawrt Ual his friend was recovering and that ti«*re was no neces sity for his return. A friend who was present signed this m&ss;≥ for confirmation- Four hours later be received a telegram to the same effect- Sir. Stead concludes as follows:— 'Now, if I am asked to explain how my automatic hand got that message I can not explain it, excepting on the hypothesis that the .mind, whether for the time being in or out of h body of flesh and blood, has the capacity of communicating directly with other minds without being in the least degree hampered by the limitations of space or by the accident of its embodiment or its disembodiment Tbe more I experiment v.-ith telepathy the more is the conviction driven in upon me that the mind uses the body as a temporary two-legged telephone for purposes of communication at short range with other minds, but that it no more ceases to exist when the body dies than we cease to exist when vre ring off the telephone.' To which ve may add that if Mr. Stead's con viction proves to be a fact of general applica tion the days of telegraphs and telephones are ended, and that the revenue from telegraphs and post-offices will soon be a thing of tbe past. As to whether it will be a distinct improve ment on tho present state of things-to be inces santly 'rung up' telepskthically by_ bores like Brown, Jones, and Robinson is quite another question. 