JHB UAfif® IT THlIOffi : CORNERS, [•* LUDGATE MONTHLY.”] {CHAPTER. II.—CONTINUED) Old Man. looked round upon his .neighbours with the air of oue who had been 'magnanimous under cir cumstances where magnanimity was the last thing to be expected. The Reverend Arthur turned to Sally, who, with flashing eyes and . pointed revolver, still stood at bay. covering Old Man in a manner which -evidently caused that worthy a little uneasiness. “Put it down, Sally—put it down," he urged gently. “ Them things has a way of goin’ off when folk ain’t used to ’em. You’d better be careful.” “If it do go off,” said Sally, with the cheerful directness which was one of , her most prominent characteristics, “you bet your boots, Old Man, that it \- will hit something.” Old Man looked uneasy, as he stood out from the group of his friends, aud the torchlight shone on Sally’s shining revolver. “If it does go off, Sally,” he said •pacifically, “ I reckon I slia’n’t be able to bet about antliiu’. It bein’ sorter cold an’ onladylike to be out at this time o’ night, mebbe you,d better sling home agiu. You mout know as me an’ Ikey’ll attend to the remains for friendship’s sake.” “ Ikey will have enough to do to at tend to his own remains,” retorted the wrathful Sally, “ as well as yours, if you don’t stop this foolishness. Now. you just clear out, and get the right man—if you can see straight euough to know hiiu.” This ungenerous allusion to a slight obliquity of vision on the part of Old Man touched him on the teuderest point. “ Seeiu’ as how you’re gittin’ real onladylike an’ personal,” he said gently—” Seem’, as how you’re gittin’ real onladylike an’ personal, Saliy an’ ai’nt no consideration for the feelins of them as brought you up, I ain’t goin’ to have nothin’ more to do with this yer business. I resign. I’ve bin a member of the Committee for over forty years, an’ now you comes an’ in sults my grey hairs.” Sally laughed recklessly. “ I meant your squint, Old Man, not your grey hairs. Eh, what ?” The Reverend Arthur had again plucked at her sleeve. “ Don’t bother me I must keep my eye- on Old Man, or he’ll be trying to rush us. He’s as trust worthy as a crocodile.” The leader of the Vigilants caiue forward irresolutely. “If you wasn’t a parson-,” he began. Then he stopped. “ Promise to say nothin’ about this an’ we’ll drop it” The Reverend Arthur hesitated. “He’ll promise,” said Sally, cheer fully, “or if he won’t I’ll be answerable for him. Hadn’t you better be off after Jake ?” . “That's it,” said Old Man admir ingly,. aud immediatey sinking all questions as to his own blood-thirsty procl-’vities. “ Seein’ as how we’ve settled matters amikerably I don’t row, Parson, an’ we’ll go on with ‘ Baptismal Regeneration ’ an’ smoke a pipe over it. Now, boys, scatter for the Bush an’ see if you kin git on the trail of that skunk. I’ll take the land in’ place an’ try to plug him if he aiu’t crossed. Good night, Parson. It’s real chilly, Sally. Your father, bein’ an official, couldn’t stop for the bangin’. You’d bettor go home too an’ study up ■ on the importations you’ve cast ou < someone as shall be nameless, though, : mebbe, cross-eyed or not cross-eyed, he 1 kin see a deal further’n you.” 1 . SaHynodded a gay good-night to tbS r men ‘ ■faftttMlfeVtaey mea through the narrow <loor\Vay of the store. Woman-like, she had’ not thought of the construe1 Hon which the Reverend Arthur might put upon her intervention on his behalf. Beneath the ardent glance of his shining eyes her own drooped as he sought to possess himself of her hand and thank her. “ I’m goin’ home,” she said abruptly. “Don’t you know better than to ex pect me to stay here all night talking to you.” “But, Sally, if you hadn’t cared for me,” lie began. Sally turned upon him with rising and illogical indignation. “ See here, is tills anyway to talk ? Because I’ve been unladylike enough to save your life,” she said, dropping the revolver ou the ground, regardless of consequences, “ you expect me to ! be in love with you. Men are always so ungrateful, so-so unreasonable.” : She gave a sniff and began to cry softly. The Parson picked up' the revolver. : “That’s euough, Sally, i; don’t mean to distress you,” he said softly. What- ] ever my own fate may be I shall think ’ only of your happiness. Always re member that. Don’t you think it ' would be safer if I took the cartridges out of this revolver 7 1 Sally began to smile through her ] tears, the risiug ghost of laughter in her eyes. “N-n-no, I d-d-d-don’t,” : she sobbed. “ It-it-it wasn’t 1-1-1-loaded at all, and I w-w-w-w-as afraid they’d 1 f-f-find out I was bluffing them. ‘ ‘ Old Man, who had lingered behind , the others in the doorway, came for- . ward reproachfully. “It’s playin’ it low down on a man as has dandled . you on his knee to go an’ bluff him like , that,” he said ; “ but I’ll forgive you, Sally, if you take back what you said , about my squintin’. I’m thinkin’ of ! marrin’ agin an’ it might git round. A ; cross-eyed man don’t git no show now- ! adays, specially with widders.” ; Sally held out her hand with a rip- ■ pling burst of laughter good to hear. - “ I take it all back, you bloodthirsty j old monster,” she said merrily; “but if ■ anything happens to him,” .she looked , at the Reverend Arthur, who turned 1 red and white beneath her amused ■ glance. “I’ll hold you responsible;” and 1 she fled into the night. , Old Man gazed after her with a sar ■®4Stic glance. “Seein’ as how she’s a woman,*” he said, “she ain’t account able, Parson, she ain’t accountable. If you ain’t sleepy you’d better come home with me an’——” But the Reverend Arthur had ' slipped through the doorway and dis appeared: Though a charitable man, even his eharity had limits, and he. was in no mood to discuss theological points with one who had been clamor ing to hang him a few minutes ago. Old Man looked after him in an in jured way. “An’ that’s the man as I’ve wrastled with on doctrine till he’s able to floor all them ‘Hill’ folk ! Why, It’s disgustin’ ; that’s what it is, di's he ain’t got no more manners ’n a hog. gustin’! You’d expeck better style from a catfish, an’ not be disappointed neither.” He cut himself an ample cliaw of tobacco and wandered home through the grim, grey dawn, brushing against ’ the wet branches of the pine as they ! flung their resinous fragrance in his i face. “ Thar ain’t no fun goin’ nowa- j days,” he grumbled, disconsolately. "‘I was most forgettin’ that fellow i Jake.” His manner brightened, and he i hurried down to the landing place on the chance of geting a pot-shot at that Jrorthy, but in vain. The darkness had mysteriously swallowed up Chil ly Jake. Only once again was lie to revisit tlie Four Corners—only once again ; but then his coming would be attended with tlie majesty and terror of the gaunt king whose name is Death, and who speaks not, neither maketli any sign, but breathes upon us for a little space, until we become as the leaves whirling before the blast, and are blown and driven hither and thither from out of the Land of Life into the Valley of Darkness and De spair, and whence Man eoinetli not until the sound of tlie Last Trump shall call the sheeted dead from out the tomb. 