TIE SEVENTH STEP. A uleasure yacht, of the name of Ariadne, Was about to start upon a six weeks' cruise. (The time. of the year was September—a golden, typical September—in the year of grace 1S93. The Ariadne was to touch at several of the great northern ports; Chris. tiania, St. Petersburg, and others. I had just tone through a period of hard and anxious work. I found it necessary to take' a brief holiday, and resolved to secnre a berth on board the Ariadne, and so give myself a time of absolute rest. We commenced our voyage on the second of the month; the day was a lovely oue, and every berth on board had secured an occupant. We -were all in high spirits, and the weather was so Hue that EC&rooly; anyone suffered from sea-sickness. In consequence, the young ship's doctor, Maurice Curwen, had (scarcely anything to do. The passongers on board the Ariadne ware, with one exception, of the most ordinary and conventional type, but a girl who was carried on board just before th« yacht commenced her voyage aroused my professional sympathies from the first. She was a tall, dark-eyed girl of about eighteen or nineteen years of age—her lower . imbs were evidently paralysed, and the was aocompanied by a nurse who 'wore the picturesque uniform of the Charing Cross •Hospital. .1,' • The. yjbsng- girl .was taken al m oat ^jmiaedi&tely; to a deck cabin which had befeu spe- \- cially-arr&nged; for her, and during the"first two or three days of onr voyage £ had not an epport unity of seeing her again. "When •we reached the smooth waters of the Norwegian fiords, however, sue was carried almost every day on deck. Here she lay under an awning', speaking to no one, and apparently taking little interest either in her fellow-passengers or in the marvellous beauties of Nature which surrounded her. Her uurte usually sat by her side—she was a reserved-looking, middle-aged woman, with a freckly face and thin, sandy hair. Her lips were perfectly straight in outline and very thin, b«r eyebrows were high and faintly marked—altogether, she had a- disagreeable and thoroughly unsympathetic appearance. I was not long on board the Ariadne before I was informed that the sick girl's same was Dagmar SorenEen—that she was the daughter of a rich city merchant, and wag going to St. Petersburg to see her father's brother, who was a celebrated physician there. One morning on passing Miss Sorensen'e eabin ir,y footsteps were arreBted by hearing the noise of something falling within the room. There came to my cars the crash of broken plus?. This was immediately followed 1)7 the sound of rapid footstepR which as suddenly stopped, as though the inmate of the room was listening intently. JUiss Sorensen'a nurse, who went by the name of Sister Hagar, was probably doing something: for her patient, and wis annoyed at anj-iioe f-tnsin}r near the donr. I passed on q-ickiy, but the next moment, to my astonishment, came face to face with Sister Ea^ar on the stairs. I could not help looking at her in surprise. 1 was even about to epe.vk, hut she hurried past me, wearing her most disagreeable and repellent expression. What could the noise have been ? Who could have moved in the cabin? Miss SorcnBeu's lower limbs were, Curwan, our chip's doctor, had assured tne, hopelessly paralysed. She was intimate -with no one on board the Ariadne. What footsteps had I listened to? I thought the matter over for a short time, then made up my mind that the stewardess must have been m Miss Soreneen's cabin, and having comc to this conclusion, I forgot all about the circumstance. That afternoon I happened to be standing in the neighborhood of the vonng lady's deck chair; to my surprise, for she had not hitherto taken the least notice of me, she suddenly raised her full, brilliant dark eyes, and fixed them on my face. '' May I speak to you P" she said. I came up to her side immediately. " Certainly," I answered. " Can I do anything for you?" " You. can do a great deal if you will," she answered. " X have heard your name—you are a well-known London phyaioian." " I have a large practice in London," I replied to her. "Yes," she continued, "I have often heard of you—you have doubtless come on board the Ariadne to cake a holiday." " That is true," I answered. "Then it is unfair ." She turned her head aside, breaking oft her speech abruptly. "What is unfair?" I asked. " I have a wish to consult you professionally, bat if you are taking a holiday, it is unfair to expect yon to give up your time to me." *• Not at all," I replied "If I can bo of the slightest use to yon, pray command me, but are yon not under Curwen's care r" " Yes, oh, yes; but that doesn't matter." She stopped speaking abruptly ; hot manner, which had been anxious and excited, became suddenly guarded—I looked up and saw the nurse approaching us. She carried a book and shawl in her hands. " Thank you, Sist«r Hajrar," e&id; Miss Sorensen. "I shall not require your services any more for the present." The nurse laid the shawl over the young lady's feet, placed the book within reach, and, bestowing an inquisitive glance on me, walked slowly away. When she was quite out of sight, Miss Sorensen resumed her conversation. " You see that I am paralysed," she said. I bowed an acknowledgment of this all patent fact. *'I suffered a good deal," she continued, " I am ou my way to St. Petersburg to see my uncle, who is a very great physician. My father ii most anxious that 1 should consult him. Perhaps you knew my uncle's name— Professor Sorensen 1- lie is one of the doctors of the Court." •< I cannot racall the name just now," I said ; " but that is of no consequence. I have no doubt he is all that you say." " Yes, he is wonderfully clever, and holds a high position. It will be some days before wo get to Bussia, however, and—I am ill. I did not know when I cams on board the Ariadne that a doctor of your professional eminence would be one of the passengers. Perhaps Mr Curwen will not object " She paused. "I am sure he will not object to having a •onsnltation with me over yourcase," I answered. " If yon wish it, I can arrange the matter with him." " Thank you—but—I don't want a consultation. My wish is to see you—alone." I looked at her in surprise. "Don't refuse me,'' she said, in a voice of entreaty. "I will see you with pleasure with Curwen," I said. " But I want to eonsnlt yon independently." •«I am sorry,"I answered; "under the nroomstances, that is impossible." She cslored vividly. Why so ?" she asked. "Because professional etiquette .makes it necessary for the doctor whom yoa have already consulted to be present," £ replied. Her eyes flashed angrily. * "How unkind and queer you doctors are," she said. "I cordially hate that sentence for ever on your lips, ' Professional etiquette.' Why should a girl sufier&nd; be III, because of anything so unreasonable P' "You must forgive me," I said. "Iwonld gladly do anything for you; I will Bee yea With pleasure with Curwen." "Mast he be present?" "Yes." " I cannot stand this. If he consents to your seeing me alone, have ^ou any objection t 0 At that momest Curwen suddenly appeared, fie was talking to one of the ship's crew, and they were both slowly advancing in Mia JSoren sen's direction.. " Mr Curwen, 0*n I speak to you r called t Miss Sonnies. He came to her at once. I with jrew in some annoyance, feeling petty well convinced that the young lady was highly hysterical and required to be carefolly looked after. By-and-by, &s; I was standing by the deck rail, Curwen came up to me. " I have talked to Miss Sorensen^ he said. "She is »ost anxious to consult you, Sr. Halifax, but says that you will not eee her except in consultation with me. I beg of yon not to consider me for a moment. I lake an interest in her, poor girl, and will be ouly too glad to get your opinion of her cue. Pray humor her in this matter." "Of cdurae, if you have no objection, I have none," I answered, " I can talk to you about her afterwards. She is evidently highly nervous." ** I fear that is the case," replied Curwen. " But," he added, " there is little doubt as to her ailment, lysed; she if them." The lower limbs are paraqnite incapable of using " Did you examine her carefully when she came on board?" I asked. \- " I went into the case, ceitainly," replied Curweu; "but if you mean that I took every step to complete the diagnosis of the patient's condition, I did not consider it necessary. The usnal symptoms were present. In short, Miss Sorensen'e case was, to my mind, very clearly defined to be that of spastic paralysis, and I did not want to worry hier by useless experiments." V > r " Well, I will eee her. aa fehe *rtsheslor my opinion, n l recked, slowly., "Iam vety pleasedtfa&gm;&q;^'&K;&j; eaidOurwen. ' " Boyoft happen to' have an electric batteryon board?" I&iked.; •'• : "'-V " Yes, a small one, hut danbtless sufficient for your purpose. Will you arrange to see Mi^ Sorensen to-morrow moraine?" "Yes," I answered. "If lam to do her any good, there is no use in delay. 1 ' Curwen and I talked the matter over a little further, then he was obliged to leave me to attend to some of his multifarious duties. The nightly dance had begun—awnings had been pulled down all round the deck, and the electric light made the place as bright as day. The skip's band was playing a morry air, and several couples were already revolving round in the mazes of the waltz. I looked to eee .if Miss Sorensen had comc on deck. Yes, she was there; she was lying aB usual on her own special couch. The captain's wife, Mrs Ross, was seated near her, ar.d Captain Ross stood at the foot of her couch, bhe was dressed in dark, rose-colored silk, worn high to the throat, and with long sleeves. The whiteness of her complexion and the"*gloomy depths of her big, dark eyes were thuB thrown into etroug relief. Sue looked strikingly handsome. On seeing me, Captain Boss called me up, and introduced ir.c to Mies Sorensen. She emiled at me in quite a bright way. " Dr Halifax and I have already made each other's acquaintance," she said. She motioned me to seas myself by her side. The conversation, tvhich had be6n animated before I joined the little party, was now continued with verve. Miss Sorensen, quite contrary to her wont, was the most lively of the group. I observed that she had considerable powers of repartee, and that her conversational talent was much above the average. • Her words were extremely well chosen, . an J. . her grammar was invariably correct. She had, in Bhort, the bearing of a very accomplished -woman. I further judged that she was a remarkably clever one, for I was sot five minutes m her society before I observed chat ehe was watching me with as close attention as I was giving to her. After a time Captain and Mrs Koss withdrew, and I found myself alone with the young lady. " Don't go," she said, eagerly, as I was preparing to rise from my chair. " I spoke to Mr Curwen," she continued, dropping her voice ; " he has not the slightest objection to your seeing me alone. Have you arranged the matter with him?" "Ihave seen him," I replied gravely, " He kindly consents to waive all ceremony. I can make an appointment to see you at any hour you wish." Pray let it be to-morrow morning—I am anxious to have relief as soon as possible. " I am sorry thai you snthr," I replied, giving her a sudden, keen glance—"yon don't look ill, at least not now." " I am excited now," she answered. " I am pleased at the thought " She broke of! abruptly. "Is Sister Higar on deck she asked. " I do not see her," £ replied. "But look, pray, look. Dr Halifax—I fear Sister Hagar." There was unquestionable and most genuine terror in tiie words. Miss Sorensen laid her hand on mine—it trembled. I was about to reply, when a thin voice almoEt in our eirs, startled us both. " Miss Sorensen, £ must tako you to bed now," said Nurse Hagar. Allow me to help you, nurse," I said, starting up. No, thank you, sir," she answered in her most disagreeable way. " I can manage my young lady quite well alone." She went behind the deck chair, and propelled it forward. When she sot close to the little deck cabin, she lifted Miss Sorensen up bodily in ber strong arms, and conveyed her within the cabin. Dnrine tlie night I could not help giving several thoughts to my new patient—she repelled me quite as muoh as she attracted me. She was without deubt a very handsome girl. There was something pathetic, too, in her dark eye and in the lines round her beautifnlly curved mouth ; but now and then I detected a ring of insincerity in ber voice, and there were moments when her eyes, in spite of themselves, took a shifty glance. Was she feigning paralysis ? What was her motive in so anxiously desiring an interview with me alone? Immediately after breakfast, on the following morning, Sister Hagar approached my side. " Miss Sorensen would be glad to know when it would be convenient for you to see her, Dr Halifax," die said. "Pray tell her that £ can be with her in about ten minutee," I replied. The nurse withdrew, and I went to find Curwen. "Is your [electric bittery in order?" I asked. "Come with me to my cabin," he replied. I went with him at . once. We examined the battery together, put it into order, and then tested it. I took it with tne to UIss Sorensen'e cabin. SisterHagaretoodnasi'j^|a^.,^e«aihe -no to me at orice^&utaiheKiHL; patient.; • withdrew, -^doainjg^tlie'^ 1 hind bit I turned to look at Miss SoreuBen, and saw at a glance that she was intensely nervous. There was cot a trace of color in her lace; even her lips were white aB death. "Pray get your examination over as quickly as you can," she said, speaking in an almost fretful voice- *' I am waiting for the nurse to return," I replied. " I have several questions to ask her." " Oh, she is not coining back. I have asked her to leave as together." " That is nonsense," I said; "she must be present. I cannot apply the electric battery without her assistance. If you will permit me, I will call he*.' "No,no,don't go—dfu't go!" I looked fixedly at ray patient. Suddenly an idea occurred to me. - ' I pushed the table aside on which the battery had been placed, and stood at the foot of Miss Soreneen's bed. " The usual examination need not take place," I said, "because— " " Why V. she asked. She half started op on her couch ; her color changed feom white to red* • "" " Because you are not paralysed !" I Mid giving her a sudden quick glance, and speaking with firmness. "My God, how do yoa know?" she exclaimed. Her face grew so colorless that I thought she would Jaint. Bhe<»rered ii» eyes with one trembling tiand. * "Ohi&ister; Hagar was right," she continued, afteir a moment. •' I did not believe her—I assured her fejat it was nothing more than * — fancy. 1 " " ' C ^ i "I have guessed the truth? " I said, in a voice. 6 1 Alas, yes, yon have puessed the truth.'* As she spoke, she sprang with a light movement from the couch and stood before me. " I am no more paralysed than you are," she said ; " but how, how do you know -" *' Sit down and I will tell you," I replied. (CONTINUED OX KEXT RACTZ.) THE SEVENTH STEP. (CONTINUED.) Miss Sorenscn did not sit—she was far too much excited. She stood near the door of her little cabin. " Did you really hoar tie bottle fall and break, yesterday morning?" " I heard & noise which might be accounted for in that way," I answered. " And aid you luar my footsteps2" " I heard foot6teps." " Sister Hagar said that yon knew—I hoped, I h apod—I earnestly trusted that she was wrong." "How could fIi9 possibly tell ?" I replied. "I met her on the stairs coining towards the cabin. I certainly said nothing—how was it possible for her to read my secret thought!) " It was quite possible. She saw the knowledge in your eyes ; she pave you one glance—that was sufficient. Oil ! 1 hoped she was mistaken." " Mine is not a tell-tale face," I said. "Not to most people, but it is to her. You don't know her. She is the most wonderful, extraordinary woman that ever breathed. She can read people through and through. She can stand behind yon and know when your eyes flash and yonr lips smile. Her knowledge is terrible. She can almost see through stone walls. I told you last nif ht that I dreaded her—I do more than xhat—I fear her horribly—she makes my life a daily purgatory !" " Sit down," I said, in a voice which. I made on purpose both cold and stern ; " it is very bad for yoa to excite yourself in this way. If yoa dislike Sister Hagar, why is she yonr nurse ? In short, what can be yonr possible motive for going through this extraordinary act of deception? Are yon not aware that yoa are acting in a most reprehensible manner? Why do you wish the passengers of the Ariadne to suppose yoa to be paralysed, when you are in reality in perfect health? " " In perfect health 2 " she repeated, with a shudder. " Yes, I am doubtless in perfcct bodily health, bnt I am in—oh, in each bitter anguish of BOUI." " What do you mean ?" " I can no mote tell you that than I can tell you why I am in Sister Hapar'e power. Pray foreet my wild words. I know you Chink badly of me, bat your feelings would be changed to profound pity if yon could guees the truth. Now listen to me—I have only a moment or two loft, for Sister Hagar will be back aimost directly. She found out yesterday that you nad guessed iny secret. I hoped that this was not the case, but, as usual, she was right aud I was wrong. The moment my eyes met yours, when I first came on deck, £ thought it likely that you might see through my deception. Sister Hagar also -feared that such would be the case. It was on that account that I avoided speaking to you, and also that I remained so silent and apparently uninterested in everyone when I went on desk. I aeked for this interview yesterday for the express purpose of finding oat whether you really knew about the deception which I was praotUiug on everyone on board. If I discovered that yoa had pierced through my disguise, there was nothing for it but for me to throw myself on your mcrcy. Now you know why I was 60 desirous of seeing you without Mr Cur wen." •'I understand," I answered. "The whole matter is most strange, wrong, and incomprehensible. Before I leave you, may 1 ask what motive influences you 1 There must be some secret reason for such deception M yoa practice." Miss Sorensen colored, and for the first time since she began to make her confession, her voioo grow weak and faltering— l, er eyes took a shitty glance, and refused to meet mine. " The motive may sei>i« slight enough to you," she said ; " but to me it is, aud was, sufficiently powerful to make me go through with this shaiu. My home is not a happy one ; I have a step- mother who treats me cruelly. I longed to get away from home and to see something of life. My father's brother. Professor£orcnsen, of St-Petersburg, is a very celebrated Court physician—my father is proud of him, and has often mentioned his name and the luxurious palace in which he lives. I have never met hur., but 1 took a curious longing- to pay him a visit, and thought of this way of obtaining my desires. Professor SorenEen has made a special study of nervous diseases such as paralysis. Sister Hagar and I talked the matter over, and I resolved to feign this disease in order to get away from home and to pay my cnole a visit. All went well with* out hitch of any sort until yesterday morning." •'Gut it is impossible for you to suppose, I said, "that you can take in a specialist like Professor Soronsen." "I don't mean to try—he'll forgive me when I tellfciin the truth, aud throw myself on his mercy." "And is Sister Hagar a real nurse 1 *' asked, after a pause. "No, but she has studied the part a little, •and is far too clever to commit herself." Miss Sorensen's face was no longer pale— a rich color flamed in her cheek?, her eyes blazed—she looked wondsrfully handsome. *• And now that you have confided in me," I said, ''what do you expect me to -do with my knowledge V' " To respect my secret, and to keep it ab -£olntely and strictly to yourself." " That is impossible—1 cannot deceive Curwen." " You must—you shall. VVhy should two —two be sacrificed. And he lis so young, and he knows nothing- now—nothing. Oh, do have mcrcy on him. Oh, my God, what wild words am I saying? What dust you think of mef" She paused abruptly, her blazing eyes were fixed on my face. "What must you think of me?" Bhe repeated. "That you are in a very excitable and over- -ctraincd condition, and perhaps not quite answerable for your actions," I replied. *' Yes, yes," she continued; "I am overstrained—over-anxions—not quite account, able—yes—that is it—that is it—but you will not tell Mr Curwen—Oh, be merciful to me, I beg of you. We shall soon roach St Petersburg. Wait, at least, until we get there before you tell him—promise me that. Tell him then if you like—tell all the world then it you choose to do so, but respect my secret until we reach Russia." As Miss Sorensen spoke she laid her hand on my arm—she looked at me with a passion which seemed absolutely inadequate to her very poor reason for going through this extraordinary deception. Promise me," she eaid ; " there's Sister Hagar'a knock at the door—let her in—but promise me first." " 2 will think the whole case over carefully before I speak to anyone about it," 1 replied. I threw the door open as 1 spoke and went oat of the little cabin as Sister Hagar came In. That afternoon Carwen asked me about Miss Sorensen—I replied to him briefly. " I will tell you all about the ease," I said, " in a short time—theie is a mystery which the young lady has di voiced, and which she has earnestly implored of me to respect until we reach St. Petersburg. " Then voa believe she can be cured ?' said Carwen. "Unquestionably—but it is a stranea story and it is impussible for me to discuss it until I can give you my full confience. In the meantime there is nothing to be done in th, medical way for Miss Sorensen—I should recommend her to keep on deck as much as possible—she is in a highly hysterical state, and the more fresh air she gets, the better ~~ Curwen was obliged to be satisfied with this very lame summary of the lase, and the next time 1 saw Miss Soreneen, I bent over her and told her thai I intended to respect her secret until after we arrived at St. Petersburg. "I don't know howto thank youeneugb," she said- -her eyes flashed with joy, and she became instantly the most animated and fascinating woman on board. At last we reached the great northern pott, and first amongst those to come on board the Ariadne was the tall and aristocratic form of Professor Sorenscn. I happened to wit- ness the meeting between him and f his beautiful niece. He stooped down r and kissed her on her white brow. A s flash of scarlet spread all over her face as he | I did So. -£hey spoke a few words together— o then Sister Hagar cams ap and touched Miss t Sorenson on her arm. The nest moment I was requested to come and epeakto the young lady. "May I introduce you to my uncle, Dr Halifax?" ahesaid. "Professor Sorensen—Dr Halifax. I can scarcely tell you, Uncle Oscar," continued the young lady, looking full in his face, "how good Dr Halifax has f been to me during my voyage." Professor Sorensen made a polite rejoinder to this, and immediately invited ms to come to see him at his palace in the Nevski Prospect. I was about to refuse with all the politeness I could muster, when Mies Sorenscn gave mc a glance of such teerible entreaty that it Staggered me, and almost threw me off my balance. " Yoa will come; yoa must come," ehe said. " I can take no refusal," exclaimed the Professor. '• 1 am delighted to welcome yoa as a brother in the great world of nodical science. I have no doubt that we shall have much of interest to talk over together. My laboratory has the pood fortune to be gomewhat celebrated,and I have made experiments ] in the cultivation of microbes which I ehou'd I like to talk over with yon. You will do me J the felicity of dining with me this evening, | Dr Halifax ?" { I considered the situation briefly—X' glanced again at Miss Sorensen. I " I will come," I said—she gave cave a sigh eitrh of relief, and lowered her eyes. Professor Sorensen moved away, and Sister Hagar went into the younc; lady's cabin to fetch something. For a moment Miss Sorensen and I were alone. She gave me an imperious gesture to come close to her. " Sit on that chair—stoop down, I don't want others to know," she said. I obeyed her in some surprise. " You have been cood, more than good," she said, " aad I respect you. 1 thank you from my heart. Do one last thing for me." " What is that ?" " Don't tell our eecret to Maurice Curwen until you have returned from dining with my uncle. Promise me this : I have a very grave reason for asking it of you." " I shall probably not have time to tell him between now and this evening," I eaid, " as I mean immediately to land and occupy myself looking over the place." At this moment Sister Hagar appeared, carrying all kinds of rugs and parcels— amongst them was a email, brass-bound box which seemed to ba of considerable weight. As she approached us, the nurse knocked her foot against a partition in the deck, stumbled, and would have fallen had I not rushed to her assistance. At the same time the heavy brass-bound box tell with some fores to the ground. The shock must have touched some secret spring, for the cover immediately bounced open and several packets of papers were sttewn on the deck. I stooped to pica them up, but Nurse Hagar wrenched them from my hands with such force that I could not help (glancing at her in astonishment. One packet had been thrown to a greater distance than the others. I reached back my hand to pick it up, and, as I did so, my eyes lighted on a name in small black characters on the cover. The name was Olca Erestofeki. Below it was something which looked like hieroglyphics, but I knew enough of the Russian tongue to ascertain that it was the same name in Ross —with the figure 7 below it. I returned the packet to the nurse—she gave me a glance which I was destined to remember afterwards—and Miss doreason uttered a faint cry and turned suddenly white to her lips. Professor Sorensen came hastily up—he administered a restorative to his niece, and said that the excitement of seeing him had evidently been too much for her In her weak state. A moment later the entire party had left the yacht. It was night when I got to the magnificent palace in the Nevski Prospect where Professor Sorensen resided. I was received with ceremony by several servants in handsome livery, and Conducted immediately to a bedroom on the first floor of the building.. The room was of colossal 6iza and height, and, warm as the weather still wa*, was artificially heated by pipes which ran along the walls. The hangings and the other appointments of this apartment were of the costliest, and ae I looked around me i could not help coming to the conclusion that a Court physician at St. Petersburg must hold a very lucrative position. Having already made my toilet, I was about to leave the room to find my way as beBt I could to the reception-rooms on the ground floor, when, to my unbounded amazement, I saw the massive oak door of the chamber quickly and silently open, and Miss Sorensen, magnificently dressed, with diamonds in her black hair and flashing round her slim white throat, came in. She had not made the slightest sound ii opening the door, and now she put her finger to her lips to enjoin silence on my part. She closed the door gently behind her, and, coming up to my side, pressed a note into my hand. She then turned to go. " WliatiB the meaning of this?" I began. "The note will tell you," she replied. "Oh, yes, I am well, quite well—1 have told my uncle all about my deception on board the Ariadne. For God's sake don't keep me now. If lam discovered all is lost" She reached the door as she spoke, opened it with a deft, swift, absolutely silent movement, and disappeared. I could not tell why, but when I was left once more alone I felt a chill running thronzh me. I went deliberately up to the oak door and turned the key in the heavy lock. The splendid bedroom was bright as day with electric light. Standing by the door I opened MIBS Sorensen's note. My horrified eyes fell on the following words:— " We receive no mercy, and we give none. Your doom was nearly fixed when you found out the secret of my false paralysis on board the Ariadne. It was absolutely and irrevocably sealed when you saw my real mute on the packet of letters which fell out of the brassbound box to-day. The secret of my return to Russia is death to those who discover it unbidden. " I; is decreed by those whonever alter or change that you do not leave this palace alive. It is utterly hopeless for you to try to escape,for on all handsthe doors are guarded; aud even if yoa did succeed in reaching the streets, we nave plenty of emissaries there to do our work for us. You know enough of our secrets to make your death desirable—it is therefore arranged that you are to. die. I like you and pity you. ; I have a heart, and you have touched it. If I can I will save you. I do this at the risk of my life, bnt that does not matter—we hold our lives cheap—we always carry them in our hands, and are ready to lay them down at any instant. I may not Cucceed in saving yon, but I will try. I am not quite certain how your death is to be accomplished, bnt I have a very shrewd suspicion of the manner in which the final attack on your life will be made. Your only chance—remember, your only chance of escape—is to appear to know absolutely nothing—to show not the ghost of a suspicion •f any underhand practices; to pat forth all your powers to fascinate and please Professor Sorensen and the guests who will dine with us to-night. Show no surprise at anything yoa see—ask no impertinent questions. I have watched you. and I believe yon are clever enough and have sufficient nerve to act as I suggest. Pay me all the attention in yonr power—make love to me evens little, if you like—that will not matter, for we shall never meet again after to-night. After dinner you will be invited to accompany Professor Sorenson to his laboratory— he will ask no other guest to do this. On no account refuse—go with him and I will go with you. Where he goes and where I go,follow without flinching. If you feel astonishment do not show it. And now, all that I have eaid leads np to this final remark. Avoid the seventh step. Bear this in your mind—it your last chence.— DAGMAE.'' I read this note over tw'ce. The terribls eeling of horror left me after the second 1 eading. I felt braced and resolute. I uspected, what was indeed the case, that had fallen unwittingly into a hornet's nest t Nihilists.' How mad I had been to come o Professor Sorensen's palace ! I had fully made up my mind that Miss Sorensen had told mo lies, when she pave me her feeble reasons for acting as she had done on board the Ariadne. No matter that now, however, She Epoke iiie tra:h at last. The letter I crushed in my hand was not a lie. I resolved to be wary, guarded—and when the inal moment came, to sell my life dearly, I had a box of matches in my pocket. I burnt iho note to white ash, and then crushed the ashes to powder under my foot. I then went downstairs. Servants were standing about, who quickly directed me to the reception-rocms. 5£he powdered footman flans the door of the rarest drawing- room open and called my name iu a ringing- voice. Professor Sorensen cam? forward to meet me. A lady came up at the game moment and held out her hand. She was dressed in black velvet, with rich lace and many niignificect diamonds. They shone in her sandy hair and glistened round her thin throat. I started back in amazement. Here was Sfeter'Hjgir metamorphosed, " Allow me to introduce my wife, Madame Sorensen," said the Professor, Madame Sorensen raised a play&ri; finger and smiled into my face, " You look astonished, and no wonder, Dr Halifax." she said. "But, ah,how naughty you have been to read our secrets." She turned away to speak to another guest. The next moment dinner was announced. As we tat round the dinner-table we made a large party. Men and women of many nationalities were present, but I quiokly perceived, to my surprise, that I was the guest of the evening. To me was given the terribly doubtful honor of escorting Madame Sorensen to the head of the table, and in honor of me also, English—by common consent—was the language spoken at dinner, (TO BE OONTIXUED.) 