CONCENTRATES. V Messrs. E. Teague and Son announce that they have commenced business as plumbers, , gasntten, kc, in Rittberger's buildings, (opposite Silver Age Hotel), Argent;street, -J: where they are prepared to carry emt the various branches of their business. \ A cannon ball of granite, believed to have. been fired daring the Spanish Armada, has been found in a civity at thc foot of Beochy ' . Head. ' -. An important meeting of'ratepayers is called for Tuesday evening. ' _ * - A" A sunflower at Brighton stood nearly ,10ft. ' high, the bloom being 21in. in diameter and . 6in. in circumference. " .. The Birmingham magistrates are endea- > voring to put down the use of bad language1 in the streets by inflicting heavy fines. The Mayor (Alderman Lambert) has re- ceived the £100 voted by the Melbourne Stock Exchange toward* the South Mine ?.' Disaster Belief Fund ; also, £10 10s. from the executors of the late Mr. E. Sprague. The latter amount was sent through thei Exchange, of which the deceased had been a ~ metnber. A London magistrate told a man of color í', tbat there was no law to prevent - boys:' calling him nicknames in the street*. Try H. H. Hart's for straw hats.* ????^ ? Over 12,000 school children took part in the opening of the playground of 100 acres, valued at £70,000 which an anonymous donor has presented to Wavertree, Liver-> : pool.. '- _ Some of the trees on the Central Reserve : are perishing for a drink. ' . : Nearly 60,000 people witnessed a remark- able fireworks display at the Cryetal¡Pal*oe on the occasion of Brock's benefit. There--, .was'a gigantic wheel in fireworks, - and a " portrait of Lord Salisbury merged into one of Mr. Gladstone. r ; . H you cannot obtain " Myfa Tea" in your , district, write to A. A. Brice and Co., Blende-street, Broken Hill, who will arrange . .or a supply at once through the local store ... keepers.* . À 12-year-old girl in America weighs no less than 3101b. She walk« three' miles a ? day, rows on the river, and plays with her schoolmates. -. . ' ? - American girls are said to be fully -keep-' ing pace with their. Fngush:sisters ^n*. increase of stature. - The average skirt measurement, which a few years ago was . 42in., isnow45in. :" Messrs. Gregg and Scrongall, members of the South Fire Brigade, were entertained at ' 1 asocial last night, at Francis' Union-Club . Hotel, prior to their departure for the West. Mr. Jamieson presided. A very pleasant evening was spent. A fand was started ra - the room to purchase necessaries for the - brie&de;, such as uniform, &c.; Mr. H. J.. Wisemon, at whose premises a fire recently occurred and was extinguished by the bri- gade, headed the list with £3. - - The Queen has such an objection to the fumes of tobacco or cigars that smoking is strictly forbidden at Windsor, Balmoral, I and Osborn. Madame Patti attributes her exceptional* health and youthfulness to enough sleep-^ nine hours. - _W We all desire to recommend v AmottV-^ milk arrowrooc biscuits. -? ; * It cost £80,000 to entertain the Kaiser for""' a few days on his recent visit to Westmore- ¿ *: landi including^üO.OOQ1 expended on deco- ' rating the castle. - . _ " i The pepper 'trees which were removed ? from thc streets to the Central Reserve some í months are Btated to be throwing ont new I shoots. Some novel wagers will have to be i settled as the result of this latest develop I ment. . ?<\- ,.. . . \- The Bishop of Curlisle has been lament- ing the disuse of the needle by the ordinary.'; .; housewife. The Bishop admits that he BOWB on his own. buttons. v. ". An American gentleman desired to see hiev two daughters married before his death/, which was believed to be imminent.; The- -, arrangements were completed . within five?-; I hours, and the brides were given away andi ?¿ ! blessed by the dying father. . o. - - . ' ; ! Mr.- Edison's front gate swintjB open at the- " approach of a visitor, and closes automati- cally. A step in the porch rings a servants' bell and als>o a bell in the master's study. An electrical musical box plays during dinner. In the bedrooms the folding beds - unfolds by electricity ; and sometimes when Mr: Edison is in a mood for practical jokes « his guests are scared by the presence of electrical ghosts at the foot of their bed- . steads. . . j .-. Dawson's patent kerosene taps fit an ... I ordinary-square kerosene 'tin. JPrest, and . , I Hocking,* . - I . The children all love them and take no other. Arnott's milk arrowroot biscuits, t : ; . ; The 11 Trilby " shoe at B. H. Hart's, t 