THE CLERGY. ARE THEY DECLINING? THE ATTAOK ON OAMBRIDGE. A REJOINDER. By J. LAKE. The interesting articles in "The Her ald," by Mr Ilawels und tho Rev. A. C. Dcuno, have Just been handed to me by u dlstliiguishoil Duhlia graduate, with it suggostion that 1 should dispute the accuracy of Mr Dcnties Imllctmunt against the chapel services, beloved of nil Cambridge men. Mr Doanu affirms that "wen? thu services ut clmiwl to bo made bright and attractive .... at- tutidanueat thum would he regtirdud as a privilege, rather tlian, us at present, an Irksoinu duty." Does Mr DeJinc re git nl the most glorious cnthislral music In nil England as dull and nnattrau- 1 live. The m'Muorles of every Cam- | bridge man. the traditions of the ages, the witness of Milton, of Wordsworth, of Tennyson— the very nature of the case— all ure against hint. As to the nature of the ease, take the three great colleges of Trinity, John's, and King's, of which thu Hrst two number, roundly, ns many under graduates ns the score of smaller col leges put together. Their chapels hold three of the noblest organs In England, thoy .support well-endowwl choirs, and their services are directed by faihcnis organists. Dr. Hopkins, of Trinity, had afl.un, ns a substitute, In my day the young undergraduate Stanford, now I'rofcssor of Music in the University. Dr. Amps, of Kings, was often relieved In exchange by Dr. Ghlpp, of Ely Ca thedral. Sims Reeres and Mr Cum- inlngs were, in their dtif. tenor, lay- clerks of Kings. Poole, who canto here with Santley, and who, twenty years ago, sung a grand full bass, was Iny- cierk for twenty-ffve years at King's and at Trinity. "Master Silver," tho "silver treble of King's" in a paid choir of forty, used to Journey to every dio cesan festival, "by permission to slug the solo boy's ixirls. As to St. John's, Dr. Garrett, still at his old post, has a choir of forty boys under dally training ami rehear sal, a professional male quartet ou each side,' and a "voluntary choir" <if ten undergraduates on each side, for entry Into which there Is always the keenest compctitlou In the freshman's term. 1 might perhaps add tlint with two other Australians— tho Into Professor An drew as boss, and ITofossor Cook, of New Zealand, as tcuor, I sang In that "voluntary choir" ns a Imrltone for four years, anil ho far from finding suuh service "dull or unattractive," I don't think unyono of the three of us ever missed a rehcarsnl or a sendee. Dear old Sicrndalo Bennett was n constant visitor, and his sou, the modern mu sician, wus In the "voluntary choir." As to the literal "nttractlveness" of tho chapel service, tho ante-chajK?! of John's held over u thousand towns people, no chair on Sunday ulglit was ever unoccupied, und not. six men in thu college failed to pass the markers at the screen; while to pass a lady through the screen In the May term, you had to make .a declaration to tho Doiti thai she was what In? facetiously called "a blood relation," and the com petition for seats involved I ho gallant undergraduate In much consequent per jury on the score of affinity. Great was the couqmuy of Ids sisters nnd his cousins and his ntints. So much for St. John's. In regard to King's, Mr Donne's desire for " more brightness " is simply ridiculous. It wore Idle for mo to adduce' either fact or argument. Let John Milton speak. "Tlie Lady of ChriHt'a" derived much of his highest Inspiration from his Cam bridge memories. You can trace It everywhere. The nightingales still sing In the copses round the tennis court whore he made his sonnet to the bird that "war bles at eve when nil the woods nre still." And under tho inn jostle shade of the old onk screen In King's, where ; ftlKive hltn stood those two great golden ; seraphim, the "God-gifted organ-voice of England" coined the thought of "11 I'ousuroso " : "And lot my duo feet never fall. To walk tho studious cloister's pale, And love the high emboWed roof With antique pillars, massy proof, There let the pealing organ blow To the full-voiced quire below, In sendee high, and anthem3 clear, As may with sweetness on mine ear, Dissolve my soul In ecstasies, And bring all heaven before mine eyes!" And Hhall we call Wordsworth out of the chapel service at King's? Not the carping of a thousand Mr Dnancs shall tour him from the "bright attrac tion" of— "....That branching roof Self-poised atfil scooped into ten thou sand cells, Where light and shade repose, where music dwells Lingering— and wandering on as loth to die," But from the arms of silence, "List! oh List!" lie says:— "Tho inuBlc bursteth Into second life; . The notes luxuriate, every stone Is kissed By sound or ghost of sound, In many strife; Hcart-thrlHIng strains that cast before the eye Of the devout, a veil of ecstasy!" And for Trinity, hns not the unbind of nil Trinity men, the Inst of England's Lnurcftte-lmrdH, told iis, when bo re visited Cambridge, that— "Ho heard onco more In college fanes, Tho storm their hlghbullt organs make And thunder-music, rolling shako The prophets blazoned on the panes!" Perhaps memory nnd tradition and Milton and Wordsworth and Tennyson nre nil wrong, and Mr Desine nioue Is right. But even then— "l would not for the world be taught To change my false delightful thought; For who, ftlHit! can happy bo, That does the truth of oJ! things see!" Moreover, us I know Mr Don no to Iks wrong in two of his chief points, t Judge him not reliable lu the others. He ascribes the alleged duliiess nnd IrksomoncsH of collego cbnpol services to their being compulsory, nnd slglis for the voluntary system. Tho boot Is on the other log. They an? volun tary now! Twenty yearn ago, and certainly In tho days of our three pools, they were nunpulKory. Twice In the course of the past four years have "I past beflhlc tho reverend walls In which of old I wore the gown," so that. I run spunk of the imtmxllato present, aa well as refer to thu glorious pant. And making Inquiry of two "tutors" of John's hi their roomH, bolh assorted that "there were no more compulsory clm|>elH there." Again, Mr Donne desires t hat Butler's Analogy should be substituted for I'uloy's Evidences. That tho one is read and the other not he adduces us a "direct lucentlvo to agnosticism In Cambridge." A really extraordinary statement. Both ure rend, though per haps not for lite "LUtle-go," a mere preliminary flea- bite of examination, but which Mr Dunne would seem hy Implication to deify as u Melbourne Kchool-boy dollies u matriculation ihiss. By a very curious eoiueidenco It was , only a few days before "The Herald" i article appeared, that In elenrlug out 1 an old box of early "relics," I catne across my own analysis of Butler's "Future State," three foot square, made in MS. in inuuy colored inks for pers picuity, and folded up with this ivery l'aley'a Evidence Sheet, also nbout three foot square, In one packet to gether. Old Tom Ingoldsby tells us some where thut "Peter's boor wljh an e be came his bier with an 1." May wo never livo tn a dloeceo whore Mr Daano with an e becomes "Mr Dean" with out And, Anally, let the observant Ameri can, Everett, meet Mr Dcane on his whole general charge of Cambridge decadence. "Cambridge," ho writes tn his book on tho Oam., "never has been In extremes. She Dover stood out either as .the-., mother -of bigoted vTorieSior fanatic Radicals. Her princjplo has been, as expressed in the mouths of her greatest men, to keep just In advance of the times; to load in England; never 1o be a long way ahead, and never the I oust to'blnd the general sentiment of tho English nation; nnd so Is sliest the present time." To this wo say Ameu. 