TIHE "Ifilbuta Cultitator" S\TU1II) .\ 1\801 3t , Ii;u . When the IParlia •ruF: mentary St :an ding In.1s,,A r Comlmittee on Rail MOvE.:MENr. way WVorks arrives at Mildura, the evidence which will be submitted rill dispose of several "bogeys." The stock argnnent that the river will be able o soccesfullly e,,pete withi thie rail av fir tralflie wVill have the bottom omipletely kn~ecked out of it by ictually dtlemonstrable facts and iguries. It can ie piroved that even if line were cooltrueted from Mildura : Echuca--along the river Murray, lie freights could be carried at :Iheapcr rates than the steamers coulI take them, and withal the railway would yield a substantial protit over lterest and working expenuses. If that can be shown-and it will be there will ie no doubt about the ~ailway secunrinlg the trade of Lower tiverina, which now goes urainly to South Australia. Elven without reckoning on o0te tl of freighta fromn the Yeltka ter ninu·s or from thie country between Miill'ra and Sea Liak. or lopetoun, it will bie conclusively shllown that tlhe :onllllge to aold from this settlement alone will ipay more th:an the interesjt and wrlking expenses on the 100) miles of railway whiich have yet to be constructcdl . Assumling thie whole of the country a round antld beyond Yelta to ie ai uninhalbitable desert -al :ablsolutely uilprodnctive waste, tldu t.rllie of this settlement alone would amply justify the construction if the line. Or if thie iquestion be ilosider:ed apnart froit Itildurirs existutce altogetlher-reclkonii g that lhere: will be no trallie suppiliel byy the settlementr ait all, a tremendounsly strong case can be mlade out in favour mY a line to the D.rling ,unictin. lint the settlement exists, aiid itt will eonttiue to exi-s.t and lliourish : andtl the country in the ituterior beyoid is tetming with pro duclion, which only .naits proper transit facilities to ldevelop an iii lllenie tradle. STern, anothier delusion which has infortunnately become popular will b?e hattrede when the statistics of tlei rade aind finance of this settlemenn. ire presented to the Committee. In ]el-l been said by the Cenemies o[ tinhe place th.at Mildura is in an insolvent. cuditlion, aunl there are some craven hearted settlers who ibelievre the launder, and whio assist in giving it eirreniy. Thaliit ghost will also be flectinually anml finally laid. It will surprise thie detractors of tihe settle nent tin learn that not only in respect of actal tcaslh turnovier, but also in finlcde wealthi, Mildnra is easily ahead of any place of equipial popu lation in Australia. It will be shown that Mildura is not receding, in spite of tinhe persistent efforts inmadle to crushi it out of existence, and that with a railway to the pl;ice progress would ie mnade by leaps and bounds. Ilegarded eitlher from a local or from ni national standpoint an over whelmening case can he a mad out. 