SEWING RAG CARPETS. It was a small unpaintsd house, stained an indescribable hue by the suns aad rays of half a century, a row of stiff, Lombardy poplars in front, and beneath the windows, iii a umiuw ueu uuwmea oy Btrxps or ooard, blossomed four-o'olooks, vouth-and- old-age, and gaudy African marigolds, which seemed to hold up their orange torches with a dis tinctly defiant air. Green paper shades veiled the window, and a knocker, with an eagle's head, hung in the upper centre of the door. Every one has seen such houses along the country roads where the Queen Anne craze had not yet penetrated and orchids and Japanese foliage plants are yet unknown. Miss Fossett and her nieoe, Mary Ann, sat in the little front room sewing rags for a carpet. A bright wood fire crackled and snapped in the air- tight stove, for, although the sun shone bright on the marigolds and four-o'clooks, there was a k:en wind blowing, and the dead leaves were carried in all direc tions. The cat was asleep among the balls of rags which made a parti- colored mountain in one corner or me room, ana the wooden clock ticked shrilly on the Bhelf alongside of a case ol dried butterflies and a plaster of p&ris; parrot with a broken beak. Miss Foseett was elderly and spare,' with a false front which did not in tbe least match her black hair, and spectacles. Mary Ann was slight and gracefully rouaded, with dark, Bolemn eyes, and lips redder thau wild rasp berries. To Miss Fosset everything in the world was subsidiary, just at present, to the finishing of the carpet sewing. To Mary Ann there was nothing in ail tha world which was actually impossible. There is just this difference be tween sixty and sixteen. " I was a-calculatin'," Miss Fossett droned on, " to get this one carpet wove before snow-fall, but I guess it'll be a close shave now. I didn't know if I eould get my front chamber carpeted, but the school-ma'am might come here to board ; and twelve shil lings a eek is twelve shillings a week in these times." ; "Ye,-, i know, aunty," said Mar? Ann ' and why shouldn't ebe come ? We shall aave the carpet ready for the loom, and in the meantime why shouldn't she oe biiiT_flcd with a rug or two laid down by the bed and in front of the bureau?" " Haven't yon heeid ?" said Miss Fossett, stooping to regain her spool of thread. ' ' The school-ma'am's going to be married, and the new teacher, Eliab Ray, he boards to hum. I don't believe he'll get along any better than Miss Marston did, if he is a man teacher." Mary Ann's eyes lighted up. " To be married ?" said Mary Ann. " Yes," nodded Mits FoeeeU. " Who is she going to marry, Aunt Fos set?" " Our next neighbor," answered Miss Fos sett, grimly. " Mr. Fairweather ?" "Yes, Mr. Fair weather. It heats all!" Miss Fossett added ; " to think you shouldn't a heerd it afore now. Why, Bhe'a going to hev a dove-colored silk dress from Bridge port, and a store bat, trimmed with stuffed birds and a real brochay shawl. Must have laid up a sight o' money, I should sup pose." Mary Ann was silent. It was a question whether or not she heard the stream of idle chatter that flowed nnintenupteaiy from her aunt's lips. For herself Bhe sewed away, and uttered never a word. John Fairweather to be married to Alda Marston 1 The news had fallen like a thunderbolt into the peaceful serenity of her heart. In novels she had read, many a time and oft, of tbe duplicity of man, but tha fact bad never come so near home before. The two women sewed diligently at the carpet rags until dusk. Miss Fossett had no idea that any one could desire rest from so delightful an occupation, and Mary Ann scarcely knew what she was doing. A sort of stupor seemed to numb her senses. " Guess we'd better stop a spell now," said the old lady. " Jest you run out to the well and fill the tea-kettle, ami I'll set out the apple-sass and doughnuts and riz biscuits. VVe won't hev no regular meal, being there's such a hurry with the rags." M»ry Ann stuck her needle into one of the red flannel leaves pf the housewife, which was fashioned like a miniature book, dropped her thimble into her pocket and van ished. She did not go straight to the well, though. She stole ap the winding wooden stairway first into her own room, where the yellow glow of the sunset yet lingered, and took two or three dried rosebuds -and a sprig of scented geranium from a little box in the corner of tha table drawer. Looking at them for a mo ment, Bhe opened the window and flung them out into the grass below. " 1 have been a fool loDg enough," said she to herself. Then she went forth to the well and filled the tea kettle, listening vaguely as she did so to the melancholy "chec-o, cheep" of the crick- ets in the stone wall. " Mary Ann 1" a voice uttered. Mary Ann started so violently that she nearly dropped the tea kettle. It was Miss MaiBton who had come unex pectedly up the path, with a bunch of colored maple leaves in her hands. ' Ob, Miss Alda, how you startled me I" "Took me for a ghost, eh?" said Alda Marston, laughing. " Bat I wanted to see you, Mary Ann. Goodness me I" intently scrutinizing ber face by th8last fading gleams of daylight, "how pretty the child is growing! I don't blame John for being becwitched about her." " Did yon want anything," said Mary Ann, bridling up. " I want yon, child," said Alda Marston, in the pretty, domineering manner which, being some time a " school-ma'am," she had naturally acquired. " Can you help me with my sewing a little this week ?" " I am afraid I cannot," said Mary Ann with her face turned away. " Oh, Mary Ann — and i had counted on you for a certainty !" " I cannot 1" frigidly repeated the girl. Miss Marston Bt-ood silent a minute or two. Then she said, ooaxingly,— - " But you haven't congratulated me yet, Mary Ann." Mary Ann withdrew herself spasmodically from the light touoh of her hand. " I'm sure I hope you will be very happy," said she. " No, i don't, either — I don't hope anything of that kind." Then she fled away, sobbing and holding , tight to the tea-kettle, whose spout dropped all the way in a most lachrymatory fashion. The kerosene lamp was lighted when she reached the room where the balls of carpet rags were piled up. John Fairweather him self was leaning against the wooden mantel »rah. with hiB elbow in dangerous proximity to tbe case of dried butterflies I but her aunt | was nowhere to be aeon, I ' Sue has gone upstairs," the young ma i ez plumed, in answer to Mary Arm's b:wild- I £:£V. i uk, " to get a bag of hops for old Mrs. ; i l.ibcard's neuralgia. Are you ill, Mary Ann! You look so white and weary." With gentle authority he took the tea kettle from her hand, and set it on the stove Mary Ann helplessly regarding him th< while. How tall and straight and handsome he ! waB ! How pleasant shone the light from his i genial hazel eyes 1 How dearly she had j learned to love him I Now it must all be un done again. Was it not wieked to allow herself to think cf him who belonged to Alda Marston, much less to look adrniri&gly; into his face. With these thoughts in her mind it was no wonder that her expression grei frigid as an icicle. Sbe paid no heed to hi; question. " Miss Marston is out by the well ; you wi find her there," she said. "Miss Marston, eh ?" aa:d M-.Fairweatha with provoking equanimity. ' That remind me — you haven't told me what you think c our family arrangements. Were you sur prrseo t Mary Ann looked at him in amazement almost in auger. "Of couise I was surprised," said ebe "But," gathering all her presence of miod "I don't know why — it is no business o: mine." "But it is Ihcugh," said he. "It has onlj driven me, a Ihilw sooner than otherwise an ticipated, to ask >ou to listen to my suit. Miss A'da must not imagine that she if the only person in the world who can ge' married." Mary Ann drew herself up. " Mr. Fairwe-ither," said she, " I must be; you to -remember yourself. We are not Mot mons here. Neither are you any relation « Bluebeard. In this country a man can hav< but one wife." Mr. Fairweather looked puzzled. " An indisputable fact," said he. " But 1 know of no one who is contradicting it." " How dare you insult me by such words?" cried poor Mary Ann. " You who are en gaged to Mits Marston I" " But 1 am not engaged to Miss Mar eton." " Mr. Fairweather !" " I am not indeed," he said. " Dear little Mary Ann, do not look at me with each in credulous eyes ! Miss Alda Marston is affi- anced to my father. She is to be my step mother, next month ; and as I would natu rally, under the existing circumstances.prefer a home of my own, 1 want you to be its household angel." Not another word was spoken. May Ann's soft eyes, brimming over with glad tears, were lifted to John's face. Bhe stole towards him and hid her crimson cheek against his shoulder; his arm tightened itself, in the most natural manner in the world, around her waist. When Miss Fossett earne down stairs with t?;e Dag u! hop?, iiic two v/ue tuaiiy onga!'"d in picking up tlie balls of carpet-rag which had rolled away in every direction. "It was the cat, a :ncy,' explained Mary j Ana. ' Sr-e was asleep in the very middle. of ; t he balls, and when she got ap and stretched herself — " ' Gats are a dreadful bother when there's work around," sr. id Miss Foeeefct. After John Fairweather had gone home with his btep-mothtr elect (Mary Ann wasn't | the least b;c in the world jealous of MisE ; Alda Marston now), the girl crept out in thf j dew and starlight to pick up the dried rose- | buds and the Bcented geranium. leaven. I " Oh, what a fool I was 1" she whispered ! softly to herself ; "and how happy 1 am at last I" She helped Miss Marsfcn with her dresses, after all ; and when the rag- carper was sewn and woven in rainbow stripes, it occupied the- place of honor on Mrs. John Fairweather' dainty little kitchen floor. " Isn't it pretty, John ?" she cried. " Tbe prettiest thing I ever eaw in my life," said John, looking straight into hit wile's face. Mrs. Fairweather laughed and blushed, and said, — i " Now, John, don't he a goose !" : Probably the most resppccable member o. the Frencli prerdoctial hon->eholi is Mine Grevy. In by gon- ues she is asserted t-. have filled the position eitbei of lauodies housekeeper, or cook — or, p»rhaps, all thre combined — in M. Grevy's bachelor household In a moment of pardonable weakn -ss, inas much as she was the mother of bis only daughter, Mine. Alice Wilson, fcs married her ; but not findiuu her pre senaa as a wife p-h congenial as that of a favorite mtn'ttl, he in- Bitted that flho should live apir1- from him. Wben, in 1871, he was el, c e i Pr. sident of the Navi nai Assembly, har:ly any one wr aware of his marriage, and ! is friendc we-c oniy apprised laereof wbei, havi's« ch.f ' fiagly urged that the French nation wouio never stand a bachelor president, he leplied, somewhat plaintively : " But I am married ! ' Mme. Grevy wus quiohly summoned from'hei retirement in the provinces, and apart from ber saying the wrong thing in the wrong place ia, on the whole, a good natared, re- Bpectable old soul, though somewhat mean and stiDgy in money matters. One of her peculiarities is that she is ao utlerably uoabU to cope with long names and title Thi Dachess of Fernan Nuopz, one of the proud est gra ti-s dames of Europe, was Spttuhh Ambaadrese a few years ago at Paris. It was absolutely impossible to get Mme. la Prendente to address her correctly iii conver sation. Effusing to call her either "duohess" or "ambassadress," she insisted on speaking to her pars of the time as Mmt, Fernan, and the remainder of the time as Mme. Nunez. From an Olfactory point of view, it seems, agreeabie aliment may be divided into two classes— those which 'are most fragrant ex ternally, and those which develop superior odors after they are crushed by the teeth or tongue. Strawberries, apples, peaches, have a more refiued and flower-like fragrance be fore they are put in the mouth than after. Cheeses, on the other hand, are not generally regarded as fragrant until they are being eaten. The odor of Limburger is insup portable to many, who after they have once uuuiagcuuBi_y &mugg;eu n past cue nasal ior- tress, find it very appetizing and good. But the most curious illustration between exo teric and esoteric odors, so to speak, is the tropical fruit called the durion. Externally it resembles Limburger in having an inten sely disagreeable odor, but during mastica tion it yields " wafts of flavor that call to mind cream cheese, onion sauce, brown sherry, and other incongruities," according to Mr. A. R Wallace, who adds that " the more you eat of it the less you feel inclined to stop ; in fact, to cat durions is a rare sensa tion worth a voyage to the East to experi ence." The disagreeable external odor is in this case evidently neutralized by the fra grance that is set free as the fruit i-s crushed in the mouth. Anyone who will take up a book on the culinary art will be suprised, in the first place, at the frequent references to j tbe odors of the viands ; in the second place ; at the thought that in has occurred to no one ! heretofore to generalize and boldly state that ' the sense of smell plays the first fiddle in the : kitchen and the dining-room. | He — "Miss Elizabeth, do you play on I the piano Y She: "No." He (enraptured) : " Elizabeth, I love you !" Teacher — " Who knows of another faith ful animal besides the dog that accompanies man everywhere ?" Boy : " The — flea !" Gentleman (in a restaurant) ; " See here, sir, what are you doing? Wiping my- glass with a pocket-handkerchief.?" Waiter : " Beg pardon, sir — it is mv own I" Analysis has brought to light the far that ice cream frequently contains glue. H i-: it never seems to hurt the girls! Some how its always tbe young man that get® 1 ituck. 