L I T E R A T U R E . A sea stowawayis a -person who, above all' travellers, is to be . pitied.' He is generally sick-for home and also soa-siok. .He has worse accommodation than .anyone else, on board, and oven that is grudged him. His best chance, so far as freedom from detection is ooncemed, is to .be taken for a ghost, when he is left severely alone by his enemies :of the forecastle; but, on the other hand, whatever provision he consumes;, derogates from his spiritual character and awakens suspicion. 13 he. is. found, he .is treated with great brutality, and if he is lost no one misses hi™ —James Payn. The Oomte de Paris did not escape from the common fate of his House. He:was. feever able .to foUow any conristent course. By rebognlxing lie Comte de Chambord he condeihnad his own godfather, and taoltly confessed that the claim of hiB own family was irregular:. By always asserting, his deference for. popular ohoioe be condemned the Legitimist theory. 7 By rptuming.: to Erance,. and acoepting money from" the Scpuhlin in composifann far his property.' he '••'•!•:•.-. •perhaps it •would.'iormore a&onrafe;'ito «ay ;v" • wotriiid—into openly taking up iiie pluoe dl v Pretender.—Saturday Benew. A really first-class robbery which, as the phrase goes, will' catch on* with the pnblis must fulfil two conditions. It must have a carefully-chosen snbjectaad be on a commensurate s6ale.. Spoons and plate are, from that point of view, played ont; they make onl)r a vulvar crime. Jewellery still holds4ts own, for it'requires a more or less intimate knowledge of the ways of the aristocracy, if not an actual aoqnsmtanoe with oqe of the ladies of the bed- obamber, to make it' feasible- and safe. A really good haul of -necklaces, rinjrs, earrings, and brpoohes almost ranks with forgery as a gentlemanly crime. Still there are higher flights, Positively the beet thing of all—the things that the professional dreams of in his honrs of rest—is a , good take from the ceUars of a.bank—for ohoioe, of'.oourse, bullion from the Bank of: England. But this, .under modern conditions, remains in the region ot ideals.—Speaker. ,1 have a particular feeling for Stome's writings, because it was from him that I first . obtained ihe notion of style as a source of pleasure in reading. I again recall the vfcry. mcineht'when, as I began to read ' Tristram Shandy,* it flashed across me that a written esntence might be a thing of beauty just as much as a painting, or a pieoe of soulp. ture, or a scene in nature.—Plenty Clulas Merwin. Sterne failed to take either himself or the world seriously; and that, from our present point of-, -view, is almoBt an unpardonable fault: If Sterne had formulated his paganism ; in a fytftem, writing two or three dull, serious volumes about it; if, instead of flirting with every pretty woman who came in his way, he had simply broken two or three heutB for his own edification, after the manner of Goethe—if • suoh had been his course, we should.find it easier to appreoiate him.—Atlantic Monthly. 1 •. ' . • In Ebb Tide,' one of his latest etoiiesof . jadventare snd crime, Mr Stevenson enoe more proved his ability to dispense ^jith Jn.-ele-. riiwmfcliWigirtfca.^ , ly^a^trirft^iinfr^niW'iii iniol^.-Mw^^l in; sise ;"aa arernari iirifl wdman. The tim* of the' rotation pl the rarth and Venus ap> mot; the ifrsrwi TPtnl'ffl BP bpur uss; anditis.iost a !ittiei«if:^ar ^ "makrtihe .Miple «ice between tD^n uia wonian • In everything ehedbee' woman is just a Uttio quicker •I'"! ? FiotionliB iiLri art, cr at least it is of the art jof literature. The real old of art is beauty ; thetoplbymbrit of it is, no • matter what we cay,' the "^ghffet: kind : of amusoment-^if we wnte good things and noble thiiigB, so miioh tia fetter. But", our. latter-day - Deborahs write <»f >men decayed," and of -women whose •onojro teally -Hami from ennui.; Presumably they want to write a fine and beautiful thing; , therefore. they arepeihaps Bcy^W' ^ the Vistorian age hae been the age a! ggig, that to, oome may very wisU pon the age jdedtpdty, '?fhen our meohanloal power, Vght an^hear^illba flerived.direotfajS' -(heir eonroe, ^hcr; there -wiQ uotbea puff flf amnke in the land,'or even a jet if may prooeed faom th* flfHRBBfe And think what that would lBjcfiiigSost r :.;;. , . ? 