NEWS ITEMS. An extraordinary scene was witnessed duviii'i the early hours o£ the morning in the churchyard of the parish of St. John. at Hackney, recently, when fully a thousand men and women turnc i out from their houses iu the neighbourhood to bunt for a supposed ghost. For a time people passing through the churchyard lale ai night have beeu .startled by the appearance of " a ghost." Women have fainted with fright, and the local newspapers have published accounts of the strange affair. Between 10 and 11 o'clock in the liisht a mixed wowil began t<> assemble at the rear of the church where the ghost" was supposed to be, and wher • in the usual way scarcely anvone passed about 11 o'clock. A long wait till midnight, and then, as no ghost appeared, the crowd went in search of it. Armed with lanterns and candles, and carrying sticks and stones, the crowd climbed* tiie railings from the pathways, and took possession of the burial ground. Graves and tombstones were eunbered over, and recently restored mounds were trampled down A portion of the crowd looked upon the whole affair joke, and consequently every few minutes the cry was raised of There it goes ? " and i .^mediately the whole crowd rushed in the direction indicated. Others amused themselves by making night hideous with imitations of unearthly cries, and all hou'-rh th«' police were requisitioned to eleir the place, it vi-as not until the verge of daylight that the last few stragglers went away. The damage done to the graves was very great, and eft" iris will 'je made to preventianv further • cnionstration. Many complaints were made by th se present oC having had their pockets picked. The Murolilson Times says :—" Coolgardie papers give no prominence to Murchison cvushings. Not"'i he generous difference on the Murchison." We arc hardly to blame in this matter. It is only when sensational crushings take place sue 1 ! as that of the West Australian, at Cuddingwarra, "'at the Perth correspondent thinks it worth while to wire. A correspondent writes:—Th> Vigilanc Committee at Tcraak are stirring thiugs up in that festive suburb. A petition has been forwarded to the Minister for Lands praying that the holders of residen'ial areas may bo brought under clause HO of the new Mining- Act. The Postmaster-General has also been asked to grant the usual postal facilities to this rapidly-growing suburb. Could not you, Mr. Editor, find time to prospect this portion of the fiel '. and give your readers •ne of your graphic descriptions of what Xuorak is to-day and what it was 12 mouths ago? We have been punctually served-with our MINER every morning until this week, and now when we come home at night: our first greeting from our wives is " You did not forget to bring the MINER." The chances are we have forgotten ; then lookout for gathering storms. Will you get this matter rectified, and, if yon do, the blessings of Toorak will be yours. The committee are also agitating for a park reserve, and on the arrival of Sir John Forrest a deputation is to wait on him, and lay before him sundrygrievances and moderate requests, and, if possible, persuade him to visit the suburb, and see for himself what we have done. Our brewery is unable, I hear, to quench the Coolgardie thirst ; but when they have their new additions finished they hope to get within measurable distance of that great thirst. The following are the members of the Vigilance Committee:—Messrs. P. Mclnnes (chairman), H. B. McCormick (secretary), W. Collins (treasurer), Cox. Magnurson, Thoinett, Edgar, Moore, Danker, Flyn, and Smith. We are pleased to note that ihe International Mining Intelligence Company, of London and New York City, have decided to open direct communication with the Westralian goldfields, and for that purpose have appointed Mr. S^b. De. L. George, mining engineer, •n.'V/Wr expert and reporter. As will be>&en;\>y Mr. George's advertisement ia anoJJier^ifnii, he has had a varied experience ti>\ djfmijig matters, and has visited and- report"J^^n almost every mining centre in the>-Md. He was the ] chosen representative 'Kr the Great Wallstreet Mi ling Svndiuafc, and has been connected with some of the leading London companies. He is also associated with the leading colonial and English dailies, and was at one tints Sketch Artist for the "Australian Mining Standard." Since his arrival on this goldficld Mr. George has furnished reports on mines for English, Melbourne, Adelaide and Westralian syndicate* and companies, with the result that purchase has been made in several instances. These include during the past four weeks the Myrtle Kiutore, Tandem, Southern Pioneer, Chain of Gold, Empress of Coolgardie Extended, and several others. A curiosity which will be regarded with much interest are som<> specimens from the Morgan mine, Dolgelly, North Wales, exhi, bited in the window of Mr. FT. M. Jerger the jeweller. The samples which are the property of Mr. Pritchard Morgan, M P., consist of a galeniferous quartz, showing gold as freely aud massively as the Londonderry specimens, although in other resoects they more ressemble the stone from ItayleyV. Mr. Morgan has exhibited these pieces of quartz all over the world, and their appearance in Coolgardie is exciting much curiosity and attention. Mr. Browne, manager for Messrs. Wilkie Bros., contractors foe the ccust ruction of the railway line Southern Cr«3s to Coolgardi'. informed one of our representatives on Friday that a further length of nine miles had been already laid, and thai traffic would run through to Woolgaugic in about a fortnight. Mr. Browne added that he anticipated the line would he upend to Coolgardie by the end of January. About 201 > men would shortly be wanted, and this would absorn a considerable amount of surplus labour due to the exemptions. The wages the contractors are offering i* per day. , A A - ! An amusing event is reported from Bullabulling—that is, amusing to everyone but <h losers of the goods. Preparations were made for the arrival of ih ; Premier, and a conspiracy was evidently a'oot to superinduce a fit of apoplexy in the genial Sir John, as every luxury, in and out of season was boiled, baked, and generally fixed up according to the most anpoved canons "f gastronomy. But the Knight of 'iunbury failed to put in an appearance, and on Wednesday eveniug the local hotel was broken into and the whole bill of fare stolen. Then a great gloom spreid over Bullabulling: people stalked about with distended stomachs and innocent frontispiece?, an 1 when our be-knighted visitor and the press-gang following him arrived they had to settle down to tinned dog, " just like common miners, don't cher know." A correspondent thus sums up the creed of the present Westralian Government :—" In fine, we believe in the foolishness of the people, in the impossibility of justice, in the inevitablencss of stagnation, in the duty of submission, in tin futility of reform, in the wickedness of agitation, in the inconvenience* of general elections, in the ee.neral desirability of doing nothing, and, above all. ia the duty of a grateful na'ion paying us a handsome salary for energetically and successfully performing the last-natred service. Amen." The following is taken from a well- known London periodical: — " In Queensland recently an individtnl named MuCaun gave 1 '. out that lie knew the whereab mis of an immensely rich alluvial deposit in the Coolgardie district. The diggers on the spot, J to the Dumber of about 1.5(1(1, subscribed r £.101) to provide the man with an outfit on ^ the understanding that he should lead I he i way to the pi ice, lie did not. succeed in " locating the spot, and the latest intelligence is to theetl'ect that he is now in gaol, where he has taken refuge in order to escape the embarrassing attentions wf those lie had disappointed. Tliey • wero after him,' in the graphic words of a resident. • with knives ana revolvers and 4<ift. of rope with a slipknot at the end :' so that the unlucky prospector was glad 1O put himself un ler police protection." Verily, we have to go from home to learn news. In " Queensland," too! The relatives of Messrs. William and John Langrehr, who hail from .South Australia, and up to August last worked in the Bayley's Rewaid mine, have written to us seeking information as to their whereibou's. 5 he last letters they wrote home intimated that they had commenced to work a claim of their own at or near Cashman's, at thr> 45-Mile, or between there and Me-v.ie's. Full particulars as to their appearance, ag j s, are given in the communication that has reached us, and we shall be glad if anyone can enable us reply to the anxious enquiries of the meno relatives giving them the information thcys urgently des£ not housi lian gol iting in the rx' Jtei'iew, ovi in goldif thev do in their We=t Austraf depend upon good things in it that any the chape of gold mines that may be found in Western Australia will not be submitted to the public to take shares in. Those in London who boomed " Marvellous Mel- •i lourne " aud the South American bubbles lave no scruples about booming " Kailirs" .nd " Westralia." Let the public ask what js a "boom." A -boom" is a bubble just ibout to burst. The boomers will take good are that they do not stay to get hit by the .fragments. When the public see the word boom " in " financial journals," and when i hey see the said journals endeavouring to gxvork up a " boom." let them beware. To the Speculatively inclined all such fomentations f markets and stimulants applied to humau jupidity mean bitter loss. A desert within I Australia was before this mining manufacture began, a desert it will be after it has i- ached its natural end, and many fools will have meant ime lost their cash." i'ho contri- butor of this effusion is evidently writing up o the pi'isistent pefsimisin of Mr. Wilson, jthf edit, r of the lteriew. The statement ithat t he interior of Australia gem rally iB a deseit shows the extent of the writer's acquaintance with the actual facts of Australian geography. I The Austral, [at Lake IDsrlot. has stones E which recently*.-jsfayed to the ton. £ The Queensland reunion event uatedoBThurs- day evening, the Hon. Hume Black presiding. There were also present among the guests the Hon. Sij- JoPn Forrest and Mr Pritchard Morgan, M.P, A lengthy toast-list wag honoured, and a spirit of hmi homie pei vaded itheproceedings. The most interesting speeches •jthe evening were those of Sir John Forrest Iwho related some portion of his experiences [as an explorer. Mr W. Thompson oil the (toast of "Queensland," aud Mr. G. W. • Keith in responding to the toast of "The {Press." Messrs. T. Hill and F. Smalpage (contributed songs, both being vociferously ' encored. The speech of Mr. Tom Brown, in proposing the toast of " Our next merry meeting," was vi ry humorous and characteristic and was greatly appreciated. Mr. | Duke Stewart very elliciently presided at the' piano, and .Mr. (J. T. Bell, the secretary, was , highly complimented on the excellent man- ' ner in which the reunion had been organised. i A dispute over the ownership of a horse occupied a considerable amount of the time of Mr. Finnerty, R.M., at the police court on Saturday morning. John Malicr was cha-ged with unlawfully taking a bay gelding, the property of Alexander Courage. The evidence showed that the latter hail lent the animal to a man namod Shannon to ride into .Coolgardie on the 4th instant. It was then Been by Maker, who claimed it as his property, statiDg that it had been lost or stolen from him nine months ago. The defendant pointed out a brand beneath the saddle, and subsequently took possession of the, horse. The complainant called as a witness the man from whom lie had purchased the animal, and this witness stated that he had purchased it at Cosgrove's 6ale yards. The defendant also produced evidence of identification. Mr. Finnerty, iafter looking at the horse, said he was satisfied it belonged to Maher, and accordingly gave him possession. We learu that the shares in the I.O.O. Proprietary Gold Mines ef W.A. have been allotUd by the provisional directors. Allotment money must be paid to the secretary, Mr F. W. Lyons, on or before Thursday, December 4 th. • At a special meeting of the Coolgardie Stock Exchange < m Saturday the snin of 10 guineas was voted to the Fire Brigade. GOLDKN HOLI:—HANDS Acnoss THB SEA CLAIM. 