FESTIVAL EVENSONG. tn the evening festival Evensong was sung in thc Cathedral, and there was a large con- gregation present, which filled the greater part of the building. Besides the special hymns ani proper Psalms for the day, Wood- ward's Te Deum, Magnificat, and Nunc Dimittis ia E fiat, Mendelssohn's " How lovely are the messengers," were sung by the choir, the greater part of the solo work in these being taken by Master Harold Devenish. The Bishop of Perth preaohed, and the v:ry plain, praotioal sermon he delivered was listened to with the closest attention by tba congregation. Taking for his text Acts v., 20, " Go, stand, and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life," Dr. Biley said whatever it might be to them, that was a very remarkable evening in his life. He hoped it was, in soma measure, an evening whioh they all would remember; for if he began that day to be their Bishop it depended to a very great degree upon how he began as to how he should go on, and they could but admit that the oonduct of their Bishop would be of interett-very great interest-to nearly all of them. For, if he was spared by God's Providence to have health and strength and vigour, and if be was given wiedom and understanding to rule over that diooese, then there was no donbt that under that Divine gaidanoe muoh geod would be the result. And so to all of them that evening onght to be of very great interest, and, of oonrse, every one of them oonld understand quite easily it was of especial interest to himself. He could not help but contrast that evening with the last services he had in his own parish before he left it, and it seemed very wonderful that here, so far away, they were worshipping the same God iu the same words, singing the same pealms and hymns, and lifting up their voioes in the Bama melodies to the Throne of Graoe. And wh«n he first thought of what he should praaob to them about that evening, any number of texts presented them- selves before bim. For example, there was 'the text in their evening lesson, which could not have been more appropriate, " And when we were come to Jerusalem the brethren received ns gladly." If that was the case with the Apostles of old who were sent out by their Master to preach the Gospel, it was no less true to-day. If he waB writing a letter-the Aots of the Apostles in these days-he sbonli thank Goa for being able to say that when he came to Perth the disciples received him gladly. But now he had chosen a very simple text, becanse it would enable him to put before them definitely, practically, what would be his endeavour to preach to them as long as he was amongst them. " Go, standin the temple, and speak to the people all tbe words of this life." Now, he dared say some of them would ask how was it he dared to oome from the old oountry into this new land, a young man comparatively, to be the member of one of the most extensive dioceses in the whole world. They might well ask that. Who would dare take upon himself snob, work as that, if they wera not under the command of the Holy Spirit, just as the command came in the old days, " Go, speak to the people ?" Most people imagined that tbe Holy Ghost spoke in times past and had become silent: in these days. Surely we must believe He spoke to them in these days just as much as He spoke in the days gone by. Every man who felt a call within him to a certain definite work in life was spoken to by the Holy Ghost, and he had no doubt he was spoken to when the oall oame to bim from home to go and speak to them in that temple " all the words of this life." It was absolutely nsoessary they should believe thia in order that they might have confidence to do their work. After pointing ont that the ministers of the gospel oame to tho people, not in their own power and might, but need- ing strength OB they needed it, yet strong and powerful beoausa they believed they had bebind them the power of Jesus Christ, the preacher said the first command was " go." We knew how much we needed the command, whioh came to every one. Not only did it come to the e'ergy, but aleo to the laity just as muoh. It required some power from out side to enablo them to overcome a natural diffidence to speak of suoh things. And BO the command had come to him, and be was there that night speaking to them he hoped " of ths things of this life." And the second com- mand in tbetext was to stand. How many people had strength to stand up for Ch> istia, oity, whioh taxed the Btrengtb. of tbe strongest. They were t > pl.ic9 their feet on the rock of truth, and Etand against the world. The next com- mand was to speak. We were ready to talk about ourselves and each other, but how many were there who were r¿ady to talk to each other about the things that belong to the higher life. There were many to whom sueh things might bo spoken, and yet how m-wiy there were who felt they might have spoken, and had not done so. The next command was to " Go and speak in the temple." There was no greater privilege than that for tbe preacher, -and if it was such, so was it a great r sponsibility, and he tru-ted that those who entered within foote wal's never omitted to pray for the preaoher that be might speak the right words and draw people to the Master. Then the command was to speak all the things that related to this life. We wera apt, in speak- ing, to get into one groove when we should speak of all the things that belonged to this life. He pointed out how many there were who needed to bo spoken to, and how varied w- re their necessities, and this ebowed bow necessary it was that he who had to minister to th m should be possessed of great^wi-.dom, knowledge, understanding, and sympathy. Then, again« we liked ta sing about the future s'.ate of biles and tao blessedness 0{ the Christian life, bat too often we negleoted also to think that besides a reward for those who deserved it there was a punishment for the sinful. And so it wonld be his duty to pat before them " all the words of this life," to try to show how we had a duty to perform to God, and how, if we neglected it, we were not fulfilling the destiny of our lives. He asked them to remember they were made [ in the image of God, and to try and do good. He could spreak freely, as he did not yet know them and the work they were doing, and he asked them how much good work wera they performing. A great many people thought that Christianity had little to do with everyday life, but it had all to do with it. It ought to make us better citizens, better Btatesmenjbetterrnlersof so greatand powerful a country. It ought to make us better Church- men and better Churchwomen, better Chris- tiane, in fact, to go about doing good. He had that day been straok by the need there was for earnest men and earnest women to do this work. And it was of just this work, just this command, that be wished to speak to them. He aBked them not to think that the command was merely meant for the Bißhop and clergy. It oame to all of them, and they were all boand, if the message aame to all of them, to «peakand say "Here ant I; send me. 