Chapter XXVI.—The Seamen's Story. The night passed quietly. It was a bright moonlight night and the vessels, clothed in cold splendor, floated one in the wake of the .other .like twp icebergs over that desolate breast of breathing waters. In the morning it was very fine and the heave of the' sea almost gone, and when Commander Boldock went on deck he found the barque "within pistol shot of his quarter. He hailed her and Mr. Matthews, jumping into the main rigging arid leaning off the shrouds with one band oil a ratline, made answer. "Will you do me the kindness," shouted Boldock, "to back your topsail and Send your boat for the lady and me, as I propose to do myself the pleasure to breakfast with you ?' .Forthwith the necessary manoeuvres were executed and Commander Boldock and his betrothed were transferred to the barque. The boat was then hooked on, the yards swung, and the vessels proceeded on their course. After Miss Mansel had been supported over the side she hid her face and cried for some moments vehemently. The horror of recol lection was too great. Her . heart was broken down by it. Mr. Matthews' arched his eye brows and sent a dry look at Trivett,£the boatswain of the brig, when the commander began to soothe the young lady. William and Harry came a little distance along the deck and stared. " She was overboard and was drowned,-" said the Dane, "and, by my knife, there she is!" " There's people, growled . William, whose face was stupid with surprise'and superstitiom and divers forecastle emotions as he surveyed the girl whilst she stood weeping a minute in the .gangway, "as, can't get'drownded. My grandfatner knew a Dutchman whq was | always a-failing overboard from vessels he 'longed to when in' dock, " They'd hear the splash, sing out to fetch the drags, and arter an I houror twoof sweeping and creepingup'udcome that blistered Dutchman, quite unconscious, of course, but with so much of life in him that arter he was rubbed and dried his first words was always, 'Anoder half pint.'" " Good !"said little Harry, grinning with all his teeth.' "I'll tell you what. I have seen a ghost. By Peter, she is a fine girl. Look how she stands up at the side of that old cook with the .red steak face.. By Peter I There was businesdto bo done there. Observe me, Bill. Yondo*s a splicing job." Missl Mansel, drying her tears with one hand, toe other' being elapsed by the com mander, was conducted by her sweetheart and Mr. Matthews into the cuddy. She then broke away and vanished in her cabin. "A very handsome little interior," said the commander, straddling at the foot of the table, his hands behind him, and turning his erimson face about in admiration as though he was in a picture-gallery. "I hope you found your effects intact, sir ?'• " Intact to a shilling, I am happy to say," Said Mr. Matthews. "Very airy and cheerful after the cabin of the brig," said Boldock, breathingaeep. "Any damage . _, " T&ev; pillaged some of the passengers cabins, "but you'll find Miss; Mansel hasn t suffered. "They had done; their worst with her. They'd do no more." . . , • "The bur-luddv villains!" exclaimed the commander, making the sentence tremendous by force of emphasis and slowness of delivery, i "Those two men," continued the mate, "tell a queer varn of the fellows, doings.at the island., ' WU1 you have them aft at once or ivait till after breakfast ?" _ "We'll .breakfast -first," said the com ; inander, who was exceedingly hungry. i am one of those unfortunate people who cant i shift without ballast." . They made the rounds of the cabins, lhe commander found much to say on what he be held The main hatchcovers were then lifted and they entered the hold, where for some time on their knees and hands they remained viewing the wreck of the massive casing in which the gold had been stored. When they returned on deck a very good sea-breakiast had been served by a Jack of the brig, one of those useful seamen who can cook and wait as well as hand and steer. As the commander and his companion en tered the cuddy the door of 'Miss Mansels cabin was opened and the young ladymade her appearance.' Boldock started. _ He could Aardly credit his sight. He had beep so used to see Miss Mansel in her • dressing-gown that now that she was prettily dressed m serge trimmed as gaily as a yachting costume he scarcelv recognised her. She had put on a hat, a charming hat with an ostrich feather coded round'it. The gentlemen rogues had left her cabin untouched. AJlher toilet - conveniences remained,' and she' had used^ them to her inexpressible refreshment and to the dis tinct improvement of her charms, bo there stood before the commander a well-dressed, well-shaped, young lady with fine dark pensive eves and blushing cheeks, and-, white teeth showing as she smiled, and she was to.be his wife. Good = heavens ! " lfe-ejaculated m the impulse of -his' surprise and delight. . .JM, took her hand, and raising it to Iiis lips kissed it with admirable, courtesy, then introduced, her to Mr. Matthews as his betrothed. "I had thought as much, sir," said the mate with one of those dry nervous smiles which twist the mouth towards the cheek. 1 heartily congratulate you both, and lm bowed wi th the grace of a sailor bending at the handle ° No more was said on the subject, and tbey sat down to breakfast. The talk natiirally concerned the robbery, the proceedings of the; thieves, the chances of capturing them and re covering the gold. ' , ■ , "Imust have those nuggets,. Margaret, Boldock said,' with his immense face full of life and hope. "The salvage award shall mount into hundreds. It shall buy us a home and furnish it too, and there should be a very good balance for the spree that's called ashore the honeymoon. Your share, I hope, Mr. Matthews, will enable you to give up the sea." The poor man rolled up his eyes with an expression of devotion. .t : This," where, they were sitting, had been the theatre of the great ocean theft. - Yonder was the cabin out of which they had dragged Miss. Mansel. Yonder was the cabin in which the mate had been1 aroused to learn that.the snip was seized. , "How could old Benson have been such a, fool as to let it happen?" said the commander. "Was not the robbery of the arms chest hint enough ? Within, an hour of that robbery I d have had the whole of those fellows m irons and chance the issue." , ,. , j ' j • But Mr. Matthews shook his head, and, in deed, if the commander had been in charge of thebarque it is extremely probable that he would have allowed the ten gentlemen to work their will as Benson had and for Benson s reasons. . , • They wont on the poop. It was a beautiful warm sunny morning. The ocean undulated i in long blue flashes of light from line to lme, and a pleasant breeze was blowing, the speed 1 of the two vessels being about five knots. J-he brig was rolling away out on the bow, ana when the commander saw her his head rolled too in contemptuous sympathy. ' The^run and lines of a pudding-dish, he mused. She is fit to he a collier and she brings all Sunder land into this beautiful scene. Suppose now, I said he to Mr. Matthews,, " you call the two men aft." The sun did not yet render an awning neces-1 sary. The young lady was shaded by her parasol, and she sat next to the commander, and Matthews stood beside them, whilst William and Harry the Dane in respectful sea postures related their yarn.. William began. " The day afore we made the island I showed the gents how to get the anchors over the bows. Next day we inade the land. There was a whole swamp of jaw ing; every man had his own opinion. I could see that him they called Trollope was no longer to boss the job, though I allowed he was the heat of the gang, the properest to head that there tidy little procession, j "Was he?' hissed. Harry,, softly. and I fiercely, .... . , "One at.a time, and William.now.jockeys ; the yard-arm," said the commander. "They agreed to sail close in to the island and go ashore in the longboat and take a look around them," continued William. " They had no confidence in one another, ana they must.all go together or remain together, and wherever the gold was there they all must blooming well be, begging pardon, said the nian, touching his forehead m his . slow, merchant service way- SoP tliev got seventeen fadorn, then all the sails wera furled and the anchor let go. There was m"0Nine™'exclaimed Miss Mansel. " I forgot to mention, said Mr. Matthews, "there had been a duel." " Who fought?" asked the girl. "Mr. Masters and Mr. Caldwell," answered "^"Caldwell shot Masters through the heart, this man tells me," said the mate, " and the body was flung overboard." "May tliey all serve each other so!" ex claimed the commander with a pious motion of his eyeballs. ' Miss Mansel was looking away to sea.- She so held her parasol that Boldock could not have seen her just then had -he wanted to look at her. She was blushing! and yet her face wore a slight look of distress. But before Boldock could bid William proceed she had rallied and the parasol was in its former place. "They got the boat over in the afternoon and the nine gents went ashore in her," said William. "Tney were "armed. I seed some of them inspecting their revolvers when tliey was in the boat. Before they put off Davenire, the big chap with the silver chain, steps up to me and 'Arry 'ere and says— 'We're going to leave you in charge of the ship, and we have confidence in you. If you should attempt to play false by — and here he swore an oath long as a_ bowline all about the Eternal, and so help him, _ said \y ■llliam, looking with his slow gaze into the com mander'swide expanse of countenance, "'well secure the pair of you to that mast there and blow your hum hum brains out " "So ! That was their language. Quite like old times," exclaimed the commander. "Fire away!" "When [they was gone," , began Harry, who had'been moving impatiently on either leg, darting frequent looks at Miss Mansel with that sort of smirking self-satisfied air which a certain type of conceited sailors will put on in the presence of women, though they should be ladies mast-high above their condi tion.. • " I said one at a time," thundered Boldock. Harry's jaw fell. William went on after a leisurely look around the horizon, as though he scanned the sea for thought and words. " When we was left alone 'Arry here was for slipping. 'Yes,' I says, says I, 'and git our brains blowed out.' He says, 'They'll think the chain parted. What do they know about cables ?' Well, it wasn't done. This 'ere little 'Arry had been already knocked about till he was nigh killed by that there Trollope." The Dane, in an agony of impatience and recollection, struck his hip a slap that sounded like t he report of a pistol. ; " After they'd been on the island a couple of hours they puts off and comes aboard again." "Did tney beach the boat?" said the com mander. "There's a sorter natural harbor on the, south side of the island, and the boat lay there in charge of one man whilst the rest was ashore." "Well," said Boldock, "Shove ahead! You're confoundedly long-winded." "It's I can be quick," yelped the Dane, snapping.liis fingers. "Keel it out, then, reel it out!" cried the commander. : The Dane began to talk very fast, and MisS Mansel fell a-laughing. : [To be continued.) 