THE MOST OF AN APOLOGY, We were fellow lodgers in Bury- Stroet, and, in the language of diplo macy, our rotations were strained. He occupied . axoojxi .. above mine, approached by a little staircase which adjoined the partition at the head of my bed j and as the partition was thin, and as ho had a line, athletic manner on the stairs, tho noiso of liio coming and going was exasperating. He was always out in the morning before I rose, and he always came in at night whon , I had retired ; so we never met. ' But the sound of him night and morning was incessant. To some men it is a - necessity of well- being to live in a storm. The bath is accompanied' , by snatches of turgid song j they cannot begin the activity of the day . without a clatter of heels ; they cannot end it without banging a door. My neighbor was ovidently in a state "of bounding health ; lie could not give directions to the valet except in the most pierc ing tones of a very high voice; he could not go up and downstairs with out making them reel : he could not liavo closed liis door quietly to save his live. Noise was as indispensable to him as the. breath of his nostrils. Now. X happen- to have an intense and even morbid distaste for this physical , exuberance. To mo the ro bust man. wlio riots in disturbance is a nuisance like the whistle of a locomotive. "'"When. you have nerves which are tortured by any sudden fracture of the air, you are . apt to attribute to. an unseen person who moves as if he wore a god in a tempest not merely a gross indelicacy of ear, but a positive moral deformity. When the street door wus slammed, waking me out of ray first sleep, I listened for the ascending footsteps with stifled fury. My room was nearly at the top of the house, and as he thundered upon the landing just outside like a rqgi- ment at tho charge, and paused for a moment before rushing up the little ataircuse, as if he were taking it by assault, X- shouted sometimes with inarticulate rage, and pounded the partition abovo my head with clenched list. This occurred repeatedly without attracting his attention, until one morning I heard, him asking James, the valet, in tho usual uproarious accents, whether the man below was out of his mind. When James came into my room I was boiling. " Well, what answer did you make !" I inquired. " Answer ? What-to, Sir 1" " Didn't that follow upstairs ask if I were a madman ?'' James put down the can of hot water, and smiled in the deprecating way of one who has observed hallu cinations among the social phenomena up several flights of stairs. " Oh dear, no, Sir," ho said, taking up a hat and brushing it thought fully. "I tell you I hoard him distinotly. . What did you say ?" "I didn't say anything," replied the discreet James. " Mr. Somerset talks a little loud, but ho doesn't mean it." " And he doesn't mean to make a hideous row, I suppose, every night and morning. Which of us is the mad man, eh ?" James smiled again, as though this were a pleasantry it was not his place to criticise ; then he brushed tho hat with an extravagance of professional interest. " Well, you can tell him, with my compliments, that if lie imagines him self a thunderbolt ho will need a keeper before I shall." "Yes, sir," said James, gravely. " Bettor put on your thickor under- things, sir; it's turned much colder this' morning." Possibly i disregarded this advice, for that night I went to bed with a heavy cold, and next day there were disagreeable) symptoms of low fever. There was also tho customary eruption on the staircase — more violent than over, as it seemed to me in the now irritation of illness. This was too much. I did not suppose that James had delivered my cartel of detianeo, but it was evident that my antagonist was maliciously 'bent on fresh annoyance. " Hnllo 1 you Somerset !" I roared. " Damn your impertinence ! What do you want?" answered his shrill voice at m-y door. " Keep a civil tongue in your head, and don't make such an infernal din !" Ho went oil in a peal of laughter, infuriating to a man stretched helpless in bed, unable to get to explanations at close quarters. "Hang you for an idiot 1" I yelled.. ' Ho stamped down the stairs, laugh ing all tho way, and I fell back on the- pillow, choking. A few miniites later James appeared, silent and serene.- "Did you hear that?" I gasped. "Oh, yes, Sir, I heard Mr. Somerset. Ho has a hearty laugh." " It's no laughing matter — he has insulted me grossly." "Has he, indeed, Sir?" said the valet, taking up the inevitable hat. " Confound it, man 1 put that hat down, and give me a pen. ... I ant not. well 'enough to get up and have it out with him, but I'll write , him a letter that will penetrate his hide." - 'James gazed at the ceiling, as if striving to reconcile this metaphor with the eternal verities. I gnawed the end of the pen in a' feverish quest for cutting sarcasm. As X do not feel proud of that letter now, I will not sot down its terms ; but the substance- of it was that people who are training for hurdle- races or acrobatic foats ought not rehearso in places where noiso is as great a nuisance to their neighbors as bad manners. James took the letter impassively, and I lay in bed all day, meditating irony much more biting than anything I had written, and waiting for the obnoxious footsteps, They did not come. I slept soundly without being roused by the familiar crash. In the morning all was still in the room above. James explained that' Mr. Somerset had not returned, but had telegraphed for his portmanteau and his letters. Probably he would answer my agreeablo missive by post, and I spent some hours of convalescence in wondering whether he had any con siderable gift of polished retort. But a week passed in unbroken quiet and he made no sign, , "Mr. Somerset has not answered my letter, James," I remarked to the valet. "Hasn't lie,' really, sir?" said James, in a tone of deferential sur prise. " Have you heard from him ?" "Oh yes, sir, this morning; but ho didn't send any message.for you." There was a suspicion of 'mockery in this, and X looked at him ' hard, but saw absolutely nothing in- his face to suggest the sardonic humorist. James was trim and middle-aged, with a certain fixity of gaze and a tightness about the mouth, symbols, no doubt, of that mental concentration which belongs to a life spent in brushing trousers. This was the first morning I was able to leave ray room, and as I dressed I ould not help thinking that there was, after all, something odd in the valet's manner. Somerset had lodged in the house' for ten years and it was quite possible that James was a good deal attached to him. There might be, for aught I knew, confidential relations between tliem. Certainly, when X came to think of it, there was a note of pride in the valet's' tone as he spoke of tho letter he. had received. It was like tho pride of an old servant, shrewd and reticent, who permits himself only in this fleeting way any suggestion of the confidence reposed in him. This might bo only an idle fancy; of mine, but it nettled my curiosity ; possibly it ignited a spark of jealousy. What was it in this bull- in-a-china- shop, wlio had been so offensive to me — what was it that made him a hero to his valet ? Just then I hoard James moving about in the room overhead. He was energotic with tho coal-scuttle ; a match was struck ; he was light ing tho lire. Clearly Somerset was expected back ; at any rate, I should like to question James on tho subject. So X finished dressing, and walked up the staircase softly and olegantly — such a contrast to the de portment of tho absout genius of tumult ; such a lesson if he could only have witnessed it ! I opened the bedroom door quietly, and beheld a curious sight. James was on his knees, busy with a small drawer full of packets of letters which he was burning. The first of them was in the fire, and a brilliant tongue of flame glittered in the glass of a large photopraph in a framo on the dressing- table. It was tho picture of a woman, evidently a beautiful croaturo, with ratlior heavy eyebrows, which, in tho peculiar light, gave tho face an ex pression of scornful amusement. Tho valet raised his head, and was on his feet in an instant. " Excuse me, sir," he said, " this is Mr. Somerset's room." " With which you seem to bo mak ing rather free." Ilis voice annoyed me, though it was perfectly respect ful. " I have Mr. Somerset's orders to destroy those lottcrs — but not in your presence, sir," ho added, looking straight at me with thoso-oyes which had stared so long at clothes-brushes that they had lost all speculation. X was not in a position to argue the point, so there was nothing open but retreat. "Very good, James. I don't wish to pry into other people's afl'airs, es pecially in small drawers which I pre sume they are in tho habit of keeping locked. I merely wanted to ask you whether Mr. Somerset will return to day." Strangely enough it was this inno cent question which disturbed his equanimity. Ho stooped to pick up a bundle of letters with a trembling hand, and when - iie looked at me again ho was very pale. Still ho answered steadily, "No, Sir; he will not," I went away, completely puzzled and more curious than over. Here was a mystery, and I liked mysteries. All my resentment against Somerset had died out, and it wus succeeded by a sentiment of respect — oven of ad miration — for this man I had never seeu wlio had a secret, which seemed to carry a foreboding, Tho valet's pallid face came between me and my work ; I saw it as I walked along the street. It thrust itself even among .the " types of beauty " in tho shop-window where X was wont to seek pictorial refreshment of an after noon. I bought a paper, and the face was in the leading article, dim, but - .visible, . I turned the page, and the' haunting image gazed at me with;' vivid ; distinctness from - a paragraph headed " Eutal Accident ou . the Brighton Railway." A mangled body had been found that morning by some platelayers in a tunnel, and identified as — Good God ! —Mr. Henry Somerset. " It appears that the unfortunate gentleman, who bad been staying at tho Hotel Metro- pole, for the past week, was returning to town by the midnight train, and it 13 supposed that the door of the com partment must have been unfastened, ana that, in leaning against it, he was thrown out. Mr. Somerset, who was about thirty-five years of age, was a civil engineer, and had made striking progress .in his profession. He was an Oxford man, celebrated at the Uni versity in his day for his prowess as an athlete, aiid extremely popular among his friends for his geniality and high spirits. Mr. Somerset wus un married. .We understand that all who were .privileged to know him aro agreed thiVt there was abso lutely. no motive for suicide. He was in the prime of health, vigor, and pros perity." I was perfectly dazed, and read this piece of news again and again, espe cially the last sentence, before X could attach any meaning to it. Then I remembered James' agitation when lie answered my question about Somerset's return. The valet was one of those who wore privileged to know that hapless man. Ana how had ho learned early this morniug that Somerset would not come back to-day ? "No, he will not !" Was there some ghastly certainty in those simple words? IV. was past midnight when I re turned to the house in Bury-street, with shaken nerves. In the hall there was a ledge on which the bed room candlesticks of the inmates were placed by James before ho retired to rest in the basement. As a rule at this hour there were two candies on the ledge, my. own and Somerset's. And there wero . two now 1 James hnd. forgotten that one. would not be needed, or. had he purposelylcft.it there ? , I felt irritated by this per versity, and had half a mind to call him up. Lighting my candle ati the little jet of gas, which burned all night, I was turning towards the stairs, whon my foot struck against something in a dark angle of the passage. I stooped to examine tho obstruction, and saw with a sud den shiver that it was Somerset's portmanteau. Had it been liis body I could scarcely have had a greater shock. This inanimate thing had boen within touch of hint when he met bis death. There was about it all tho horror of a witness. If it could speak, it could toll whether ho fell out of the carriage by accident, or whether ! I stumbled upstairs to my rooms with curdling veins; and only when X had shut the door and turned the key did I seom able to breathe. Dp wont the gas ; what a comfort it was to see my surroundings reduced to their rational proportions ! The bed stead was solid ; there was a cheering conviction of reality in the wardrobe, though its profession of mahogany may have been only veneor. A photograph of an old friend on the mantelpiece recalled an amusing story. Let me see — how did it go ? XIo was returning from a dinner party — oh, of course, I romember.M it perfectly — and the horso would walk on the pavemoDt, and stare at. the posters on tho hoardings; and just when they got to the Archway Tavern — My God ! what was that ? Quite distinctly I heard the street- door closed ; there were steps in the hall ; somebody was taking a candlestick — the other candlestick ! Then the steps began to ascend very softly, not with the roystering carelessne3 X know so well. It could not be ho ! It must be some belated or unexpected lodger on a lower floor. No ; tho steps came up higher — higher; they reached the landing; thoy paused outside my door. Thon there was a gentle tup. For a moment I thought I was ut terly incapnblo of speech ; then my voice burat from me in a shriek — " Who is it ?" " It is I — Somersot, I want to apologise to you for having disturbed you so much. It was very thoughtless and inconsiderate. James sent mo word that you were ill. I am really very sorry. But you won't have to complain any more. I am quiot now — very quiet — quiet." These were not the boistorou3 tones of old. Ho spoke so low that I could scarcely catch tho words, and thoy died away in a sigh. Then the steps went up the little staircase — leBs like foot falls than like a rustle of wind. X sat on the bed in a cold sweat. Was this an hallucination ? Or — tho thought rose with the healing wings of now-born hope — had there been a blunder in the identification of tho body in the-tunnel ? His portmanteau was in tlio-hall. I had heard his voice. He had spoken to me with kindness and forbearance. Thank God, he was safe and sound 1 ' But I — what a miserable creature I was. I hod made no return for his goodwill. I hnd not thanked him for overlooking that damnable letter. Pie was a gentle man every inch of him, and X was a poltroon and a fool. Stay ! It was not too late to make amends. Ho was in his room. I would go thore, and clasp his hand, and we would thank heaven together for his preser vation. I seized .the candle, and I had opened tho door, when there was a crash of glass above, and then a cry — a long cry of anguish — followed by a convulsive sob. I bounded, up the staircase shout ing, ' I'm coming, Somerset ; I'll help help you, man 1" But the room, was ompty. In a flash I saw two tilings — the small drawer had be-sn pulled out— tho drawer which contained the letters that .James, had burnt — and on the floor, with tho glass fact) smashed to atoms,, lay the picture of the woman. I must havo swooned, for when I cah'.c to' inyself James ' was -bending . over mo with anxious scrutiny. ; " You- have seen him V wero liis first' words. .. "No, but ." he has '.been- here," I answered. i';.'" '; He glanced at the fallen photograpli with a frown arid thou .very . wistfully at tho open drawer, muttering, "He might have trusted- inc." " "Yes, Jarues,'.' I said ; "but per haps lie repented and wished to see tho letters again.-'' " The valet's faco was. suddenly illumi nated by the most- wonderful look of fidelity and affection; I have ever soen in a man's eyes. ; It Was-gonn in on instant, and' in rhiii old,i phiegmuiin ; way. he said : " Hadn't you better get to bod,. sir?" , v . He stayed ih my room,'; sloeping in the easy-chair, while I tossed- in hulf- delirious slumber.T'"In':tho morning I was roused ' by ; his' entrance with the hot water. There was not a trace of the night's emotion- in liis immovable features. ; - < ,' " Tho inquest is Vto diiy, James,'' I said; eyeing Jlim 'narrowly. . "I'know, sifi">; .: " You - read; tliat paragraph in the St. James's Uazette: yesterday ?" "I did, sir." .. ; . r " And yoti, -as one of those who were privileged-; to - know' him, abso lutely rep'udiatqthe idea'of suicide?" He was silent. - - " You wilPgiye' evidence, James '" " Not a word,' sir." ...' . After a wiiile-I?: said .Hit, was good of him not to be offended by that stupid letter of mine." . He looked at - me . with sharp sus picion. j '\ "How do you know that, sir?" " lie- stoqff; at : my door; Inst, night, <j ames, ana apoiogisea to me. Jae said you had sent' him word - that X was ill, and the letter was not even mentioned," The valet scowled. I believe he was jealous of that unearthly visit 1 "Mr. Somerset never had your letter," he said sullenly. " I didn't send it." . . . "Thon you took a great liberty, James." "Oh, yes, sir!" said he, brushing my hat with much energy. — The Sketch.' 