THE STRANOE CASE AT ST, eC ALBAN S. \- ~ - o- - Ii We very busy at Sr; Albans Hospi Nurs.s and doctors -were hard at fork fron.. morning till;kight, aid from t tilf hnorinrrtg gai . hnd t The severe .witer was bringing its sual accomp acmerits of-:starvatjon and sic ness. Hard times and badilitiig were- w king Ihavoe among the poor; the hospital w full to overflowiung An unusual number of casualties, t the the same `time, brought stretcher after stretchero' .the accident room.-- . The great clock over the entrance was just strikinag si?eas- Ithrew my shawl round mnie' and hastened off: across the- grounds.tothe k dispensary,.. :. ;.. Ranning !,quicksly through the snow,? I soon arrived at the door, and was greeted by the customary growlt which awaited. eat comersT.h '1 an ?tory Ta late sir coming foi. the stirnulants, I.said, as soon as - could get my breath. '"' could not leave the ?aid C before. Li me see, six ounces of brandy for No. 20, and little No. 16's port wine that is all I think.. t S-Anything fresh this afternoon, Niurse Danton I enqired the dispenser' as I husily packed-the bottles into my aprom poeket, iii order to have my . bands free for the shawl. "Noth ig ;for.s,' I answered. A,' . bad ease has just gone up to L Mary ' Ward:. :.A poor yotnig fellow wa-b hroight in this after tiootr-fmund dead'- in tire snow--good eiveti Ing' aind jis e. off.again across the- "white grondl. . OwwdZ7ty at. six sI aid , to myself, as I. Vent. I' wa ld ,ot go o. oaly I iam so: tired anrl sister saysi mnst.: At thedoor I encountered Nurse Pleinming,. e may :caum.-~nd fellow- mirse; just emerging g from the ward, aecompaniedhby' two women, r one- of~ whre was weepig bitterly.. .I "Oh; dearie,' exclaimed Nurse as soons as she'. saw me; "I am so glad you are some. This is the wife of poor Not.- I who I died- this morning; she wishes' to see him.- i know you are off'duty,.dear, hut do'you miind taking h'er I've just got a fracture in;.and: Mr Ilooper is' raiting to attend- tit;. thank you." I nodded a cheerful acqgieseenee, andl! she turned back to'. attend- ton her many: duties. Talkibg the women withr me;. I went to, the' room. of. the' portei.who kept the- mortbary keys. With. many growlbfs he liglbeed hi$- lantern and prepared to acuompary us as he was iit duty hotond to d - - : le was one of 'the many male oflicia'l' of St. Alban' who considered'. it right to'he asdis-j agreeables as possible to' the nurses wheneverI they required his services, so I took no: notice ! of his murmrurings, but dbvoted. my attention i to, tie poor:woman, at my' side.. While she was telling me -of the' manyI virtues of her late- husband,. and of the dark future int store for herself and her eight child-. ren; we arrived- at the-door ot the mortuay,y lea-vingus'standing there;-under'a- lmp which I proje .ed from tli' wall,, and- which the porter it fitm- tlhe ffarne of the lantern, the man entered alone; in- order- that he' might bring! forward' from the Iargse mortuary the par--h1 ticn-l;r body we- wish Ctao ser, presently hliei ep-nd 4 the door'again: to admit us The'door- by which we- entered: lc?' into waI: tin ceiapel:. .. .. . - ltewas her'tthetbrelatives oftliedeeased' ' nloned their last uposIthe paleo set - f of' their eparterd ri'ends.. - ws w-i.l The' hoTy agout to?bhl~' iitise wd.swieeled on a liht- trolly into the ?s-haperI whiche was kept very' -lean,. anmd daily re-de?ked with 1 white flowers, . As, we enterer, the' portler stepped outside tedb .something t6'tha lamp, which did not1 lumn properly, whil'e I werit forward with the womer? asnd gently turned back the' sheet I. from' He poor:dead face.. - -I The two womon were too itch abstibecd-- I \---theone' .with he' grief ss~i the other- w~th, 1 Pier sympiJfhyf--to take any notice of me; so 1, remembering a poor'iittle waif who had died in my arms a day or- two before; and i thiakinR l should like' to' see him agai·rn, for I hnd grown to' fove .the little, mother less' creature picked up' the: lantern from I the flo*r. audi went in search of my little pafi?nd. It was' somrre ti'me lefore' fdornd him. and 1 after i~m'printing a kiss on the smal'l pitifulI iac., I -went to- look at the new post-morteus room, whiel had' lately been ~fnished and which I had not seem i I wFs: walking round, thin rTfrt of thnt lantern grbaming, weirdly on the ?lhite tile1 whlicl's lined the walls and foor,- where I sud denly heard a'uc door bang, i XWil;itflt inowing whaa t had happened, I shiverecdl with apprehensions, and my, lesh crept ubeaysiy, .. n ia monient I had flown through trhe mortuary knd' into the ehapel " - Too late !: The door was shut, and aEl? was darkness'. In n momnepnt- I lknew what had -:appened; the porter,. supposing that I had gone and fmf t Sl viitors' t himin- had turned out the gs,- ocked the- door, and gone away with h , fit was' too orrible r 1 heat on the door ' with hotb my fistssl't raised' y dvoici in'i a I fearfu $cream',r but that was 'worse- than- the' swful silener, for the hollow walls took unl thIe soirml, and themoekit~ig o·i,?:?came back'' to me,- as if the. deud' were shrieking : i'thei 'j i sak ai ors mv knnes omr the riampi tei . aId? covered ?.oy facer with my 'Ther uildcirt. stood far a-way: from any 'ther-thie hlustering wind woulM prevent: my voice?heing heard even had I the- eourage to slmout aain, which I had not; so o'ne j oteln he in the- grouinds- in such weather as this; I should not he, missed-. rIn the wrrrd I shotl fbeesupposed, being of dtvty;'to Bhe ir my own room,, Ncrrse Femiug,. is'inilg me from' the rupper tahle, wnold inagrinme that I had gone: to het, km' woanid prodtlatly retire withont, as sire' th?enh, rlistrhing mew: What should I do h ' " ' Whlr.tcnald IF dol ptrClssi`dP 1e htsow, nt morlt impossble~to get hsrd ~ IPTI Cn* slrr ~rUnitffV? amio~g mv' Lill f tall rn ýR tI; . m+3i4.'')" h ansiou'i , h at d t ( lwrl ). I~~ ~irtR 'eht lI) A~t~j;IL B i E1O¶hiht could frighten me, but I had never .dreame of, anything like this. To 5:sit among friendly faces, in' the .. day light, or beside a cheery fre, was one' Thi~ be foiced to'spend anight alondr with thile dead, was another. :: i At length I gathered stiicient· iourage to turn ,round and try to realise my posi tion. . , Oh, how I envied those forntmate m.tals' who, in moments of danger and dread,: an. quietly faint away into ealDs inconscioasness, to recover their senses only when the horror is past. If I could only lie down on, th Lt'olddor and sleep. Aye . even- if it wai ahe'ep.,.thl: klnows no waking, how gladly would. I have. :done so. Ainything rather than. remain terror stricken ,' with these dreadful :"ompanions.) I. glanced at the lanterna boiw long would it burn ? Could -i depend eon-its. Fight lasting till dawn I . I looked .it the trolly, witli its cold, still hirden, .then, with a_ mighty. effort, I crossed the chapel, and,.seized the endof the ghostly earriage..whirled it into the large 'mortuary. With asmnuch strength as my arms.. still pos sessed, I sc-nt it into the darkness, and flew birck intothe dimly-lighted chapel, closing the door behind me.. Now at last I was. alone, with nothing more unearthly than white flowers, and a -large ebony cross, whih hung. against the wall. Sinking down into the corner most remote from the' inner door, wrapping my shawl. round my shivering shoulders,. I placed ther lantern- beside me, and strove vainly to think of pleasant things. :I tried to-think of' tie ward,..withlites heer Ifu tre and rows of beds wish' their cosy red rungs; of the fun. we bad hadt at COhrist may with the chilliren' and, the- Christ mas tree ; of home with the dear faces. I hope' tro see whr.n the summer comes, and' with it the long-anticipated, holiday,. I but all in= vain . My eyes could not help gazing: round at the horrible' door.. My oars vwoul'd stiain' themserves to, listen ;,for' sounds from that silent, room.. O?i!:Ishould'gomad r!' I could not bear' it.. .l. Bow wicked ihow cruel !:f lat ne one cam to' se"'k.mee..... What was that The, great clock a', thie ient?race- was strikiing. One ! two -But, no- seven! eight V then silence,. Onlyeightobaclok Only., two hours, since'` r mra thrciigh tile' gard'.en to fetch stimulants.' Almost involuntarily 1 slipped' my. hand into;my apron pocket.. `Yes, there were- the two, bottles; carefulyy wrapped, round, with my, handkerehief, as: I had put them.. Fbr a moment a ray' of hope` d'arted' across' my: mind ;: surely,. when' the bottles-, were missed from= their plkee,. inquiry wouild. be" ".made; andt I should be soup'rt for. But a moment's. refiection .brought back thie old despair. It was not an, unleard-of thing- in, those' busy times for the- dispensariy to be' forgotten. until the door was locked, and. she dispenser gone" . Miuresk.and' medicine' would be- lei. 6n lthe" littie shelf outside,. but not the" 'siin .ulaPts--anid Sister, with' a sighl of?'the foget " flness o'her nurses woulkd serve the patient from, the stock bottles, and, no thiought. woldd (be directed to me. Whether I I ell asl'eep or not I haire never since beeb- abl' tb, -determie;. bti~ lhen 1 roused from' the senmionsciidiniiess into which "I had' a.lleng several' hours ppeared to. have elapsed.' lsstead' ofle tfd'im light' of tre lantern aYt ny side, ti"e chapel was flooded, with silver moonlfght. In spite" of-my thick shawl, I was feafully cold and eminped" wiltl leaning so lotg against the chilly stones. " r ''n" I was aware" that sbni'ething bad 'iFoised ar? ;someth'ing besides moonlight and discoum fort., . . - A glance at the skylight overhead showed me the mIooi sailing ealmnly throughi the dhark, blue vanlt of heaven; surrounded by j~feiy clouds;s and, even as I' looked' a nd liteined, the'gearet dlock struck wtwok For nearly sii hoar. I had lain uneoneciouas; in that awful pl?ce - " The fact did not tend wt i ngmi comfort; I felt sick and ill, my limb, ached; the black iross, touched, by the moon.itms, loomed dark and' awful against the rhsrli waill : Oh, to die and forget everything!-: :. What was-that'!: ! ,.': .-. -: . sound .. a groan lOb ~Reaven r coming free, 'the' othber side of that inuner doo?t. I had risen to my feet, baut now I sank h'ck, frozen with horror, into thesheltering. corner. - -* "-' " -:or a few moimeats. ailence, thenkit ?nme .J listen--a low, loag ..moantai---lnt:in my: Iconfusedbrain it who not th hollow, un [earthly groan el the stage' ghost suchi:as..lwe . are wont to associate' with rattling:chainsrieid Slurid blue' fire, but rather the groan ' a' h uman creature' iri pain. ' "'" "'As' soon as. this. ideu took posseesson 'I ofmiy mweakeaed.iudr mry corae o re *AI I my nurselike' i nsti iet camer to :my.' was near, m lch: more a fellow .erez~iiea:who? needed help, 51led me .ritlr 're energ iiy d ad rose' ad took'up my' lanter. Wht i expected to fnd I hardly knoiv p'rlierap some workman who bhi been~ assis?: ing' with the new beilding had fallen asleep or been overcome -with drink, and' shut in like; nmysehf thbrough misadventu're. . ' .How improbable- a theory this was did nut,' ':fortunately, oeae to me until '.long after-) .wards, and I opened the door aad looked:nto' the dark interior. . 'At the sound of the opening door the groan ing easnised, and for awhile I stood uncertain which d iretiopn to' take. Sdecided me, as I1 made my way slowly round the stone ledges, casting the liaght of the I irteraion the ground as f went 1No sig of ii huruldf Igure could I n { "' 6 F No: Britisb .workman's. recumbent form laddened my eyes. I stood still, in, perplexity.: Oh heaveins !:what was that `, Close beside rie,niot yet placed in a bell, t lying on the, stone slab, ay a lo still ure . Still I Oh. horror i :-- i As I looked, "uniable to stir, Ii sa the a ite sheet that :vered it. move-a long in hand- pushed itself from beneath and pi nost touched me. All my former experience was nFthmi to I In a .moment the fingers had palled the St fro..the face,,anda pairof blao k yes d into' mine. " How. long 1 stood thus I slIal ni ver At length, .a long,, quivering sighb from he ite lip rcalled me tomyself as I gath ed I rage to bepd over aid touch the; prost te I?. : ' Enough! Trhe spell was broken t I knew that this wasno time to hesitat time to given way to.womanish fears. Do not fear,' I said, in as calm a volee' a I C1uld. command, ' I will do all.I: can for yyo,.r and- taking the shawl frominmy ehould rs. I folded it round the shivering form. ?iu stinctively I remembered the bbttles in my: Ipocket, and drawing them forth dropped a' little bandy between the chattering teeth:; After a while the returniag color to the lip,. I and the increasing warmth of the .limbs, told me that my efforts had no lbeen in vaimn. :O . Oi., if I could only summon aid; but that i was. impossible. I If I could keep life in my compaaon, 'my I patient, until help arrived .: -Fortunately my shawl. was a large warmn one. fortunately old No.. 20Gad not got his. i. brandy,. but II had it safely hiere. " Where ann' I I' asked ithe man, as he. l'oked round the dim place, his face full of surprise--and no- wonder,. tor eBias·rurrouiýsd.j ings had to say the least, au unusual ap- ' pearance. I did' not think it wise- or necessary to e'a Iplain matters more tha: to' tell him' he' was:i in St. Alban's Hospital,. and weald soon, doubtless be-well.. , I : He tdld me what .E hlad. already guessed,. j that in.:travelling on' foot through' the snow he had been overtaken' by'intense fati gu, andiT being uaable to overcome thy. drowsiness he' kiknew well might be-' fatal, he had fallen. asleep. ,' I .It is a' wender?] am' not dead;' he con- Scfudled, and I, made' no answer. I liad been so absorbed: ir my work that. I had. taken no aecounr of the. hours' as they.. went;byr until now IhI eard the clock ring out. six. ' : Oh;.te'ejoy of that soud" t ?:' ,, We keItt early hours- at -St Alhanis; and:' at six o'clock we 'ere expected to rise. I.1 should: be missed,. sought for, and found. Ital was shivering and siik. '..he? man had fallen into a doze ;.ifrom" which I coulid not' find-it in my h liea?- o' wake. him, lonely~andi miserable eas1 I.-f16 OhL. how colI`+riti wash Mly tlhin cotton :dress; was scanty -cbiering from, the: icy air j How liong would' it he befbore they found me'1 Would they seek; long before they thought? of the, mortuary' r Would they think of the mortuary at all ?' IHow all these' thoeghts tormented me,. ehiasing each other through my aching brain, until t t Absit ?-sund- of a key turniig in the l'ock -the voice- of" my dxar inurse and con'r "Shir'canngtit bewi here, porter.' Thenw the whole- place span round' and I, s?aw: angi heardinio-mo ve. : t o' It iVae longlie~tr I ret' ned to q n wore.. P'neumonit set i '~ad for* weeks w was-too ili toleavsio nmy : bed. , : ' :.::I STender?y':was I. iursed od : .d-uclfrwas Is Praisd "fr what tliv-. w-,re plased to all' my, brwvery.i . . . - My. patient. I, lenrneda had, recovered; and ' was fu'lof fgratitirde for hi's, strange ri·sen . fiom an lntimely end. n was'; 'The 'case of'? suspended :iimation'; was much talked of among- tse doctors,:, ai the nmedical papers took it rp with' int~.est.: ' You savdc: his: li#f, you k'now,r said the nurses to .nie,'ipparently to console mu for twy nipleawiint experiencs; and the patient liin'self ha told me the same thing a hundred tasime esiritk aclay,for I am now.his wife. " Stranid 'Magazfe.? . 