CLACKERY. ' But atill his tongue nuioD. , And, with ite Dveriastiuj; clock, Set «11 mou'soirs upon tlio raoV.— BnuiuBiu. Cosmb colony. Lane's offshoot colon,' from Now Australia, Paraguay, is pin grBseintr and they are now iu a pnsitio.t to buy 100 head of cattle for brto- liiiR. Further planting of fruits, vines, and coffee }s being pushed forward. Ben Tillbtt says that the Society . of London Dockers have funds t j the amount of £6000 m linud. aud meinber ship is rapidly increasing. He advo cates the amalgamation of various dockers' unions. Sobs Gland Juror Solicitor- Geuenil, el1.:. etc Dtibson name as his pro tern successo) a lawyer of light and learning who will cut, into tho G.J:8.G.'« private practice while the leave of absence is on 7 A COMPLIMBNTABV benefit lias been tendered to Mr. A Caddie, bandmaster of the Zeehan Band, in recognition of . bis abilities as a musician by the Zeelnin Band and tbe combined musical societies of the d;strict. OwBiTBABDin Launoeston : ' There is a strong odor about you which reminds me of the happy days of childhood, when a doting mother physicked me up in the hope of turning me out a prise baby. Oh ! I slept last night on a mutton bird feather bed.' Fond hopes blasted.— Satan — Ypu have a bright future before you, young man. New Arrival— Have I, really? Satan— Yes. And then Baton opened the door of die fiery furnace and gently pushed him in. Down at tbe New Wharf the barque Lufra is busy -discharging a cargo of imported timber. A hundred yards further along barques are landing great piles of Tasmanian timber for exporta tion. Somewhat of an anomaly, isn't it P reliered somewhat by one being hard and the other soft. Those eilken bonds which stretch across the Atlantic from John Bull and 3ro(he? Jonathan have got into a knot over the Venezuelan affair. President Cleveland's message to Congress was unmistakably warlike in tone, and if that gluttonous old lion isn't careful he will find the eagle's talons and buak longer and sharper theu he bargained for. If he gets prowl ing around American territory Brother Jonathan will squirt tobacco juice in liis eye as be did once before. A Straight Tir! Cascade Dandelion is tUe queen of all temperance drinks, being a good appetiser and most refreshing. The great modern illuminator, the electric light, whioh now spreads its penetrating rays over the Northern capital, is doing some good besides pro viding the Northerners' with ' a mid night sun.' It has roused up the ponderous, sleepy Gas Co., wbo have actually risked a half-column advertise ment in which they recount the failures of various electric light schemes. This fat monopoly has now been given a kick in the ribs, and it has actually woke up and shows signs of life. The old order changeth, thank God, and the gas man is at last beginning to conduct himself like a rational being. THE old Asia barque, which has for so long been Irid up in the Derwp.nt. has at length found a customer iu the shape of Captain Green from New Zealand, who last week came to terms with her pi'SLu! owner, and lias been busy during the past few dayt- getting her ready for sen. The New Wharf was quite lively with a busy orowd of laborers and others arnuwi tbe vessel, bunding sails and sottine up the rigging, unloading the coal ballast, and other work, A large pile of hardwood Tasmauiaii limber alongside the vessel will constitute the cargo. Close beside this there is auoihur pile of timber, stringy bark, aud other planking in Undcd for France, making up what looks very Hko a email revival of our timber trade. Tlio comfortable excundon steamer Huon it ajuinuuoed to make special trips -o Franklin and Huon ports uext Monday and Tuesday. The possibility of there being a chance of Hohart society cottoning down (or up) to the establishment of a series of con sultation lotteries here awakens the natural feeling that there may be some life yet injected into the place. Tho Adam's pro moters have already opened some negoti ations to set up business, and properly registered, -,-:e would have some use for our empty stteets. By no means let us have the gaming table set up, we have already so many of them that the conventional section of the publio have called out, but with properly registered and legalised affairs we ought to keep the city busy for the whole of the coming winter. To analyse tbe figures means that the pros pects ai-e closely allied to a settlement of our national debt, aud tbe Treasurer is to bcccrtaiulycoinplinicutud on his common aeu«s iu encouraging a venture which, through tho Postal Department alone, means somelliinjr like an income of £25,030 a yeav. ' A small thing to say slowly. There oro no cordials like thoso of tho Qaseoao Wand. WaWafctodp«aa'udi¥*iTi. Parliament ;?- to meet for despatch of the Fp'ler.itiou twaddlo on January 7. It ib borne into I he minds of most Tasmania™ by this titao that | Go vernor ??Sorm.v h:« only oue fad, and that's to savf up tho. dimes. Hia name will not be found upon tho subscription list of the Hobart liwrattR, therefore it will be interesting1 to wateli tbe Association a»d ascertain if they, will bbstow the honor of patron upon his ftxceUosusy the Money Grubbm-. They did i-o last year ; but now they are twelve months older. Let ub pray for wisdom. The cry is ' Still they oomfi.' Princess May has presented England and York with another of 'em. Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Pat rick David is not 18 months old yet. This is worse than the rabbit post. The Cascade Brewery is now brewing lager beer, tliat most popular of all drinks, Abobtiouist SHbBiDXK will hn under theshadowoE tho Darlinghurst (N.8.W.) gallows during (he ('hriatiaas and New Year festivitie.-', and Jack, Ketch will operate ion January 7. Sticridsn will be humr,nnt for destroying life ; but because lie bungled. Acknowledged conveniences to that section of society which can afford to pay for their services Sheridan's pro fession are seldom interfered with by the police; but at the peril of their lives they must not shock the respectable British citizen. Le FlGA£0. of Paris, has been investi gating tbe names of European loyalties. Queen Vic was originally Miss Azon, or Miss Aeon Von Estea. The actual name of Prince Tummy of Wales is Mr. Albert Edward Wettin, which of course he takes from his father, Albert tbe Gilt. The Wettin lino was founded in the twelfth ccntnry. A House surrounded by green trees is fairly well protected from lightning as the sap iu the trees and the points on the leaves facilitate the rapid dispersion of static charges. RECENT thunderstorms have raised the question in people's minds as to tbe safety of riding in tram cars during anelectrical ?disturbance. The electricity is worked off on the span wires and poles, and even should the car be struck it passes down the rails. Sometimes the driver receives a severe shock, but rarely seiiouB. The passengers are notin danger. The drivers and conductors arc safer if supplied with rubber shoes to Flip on in the case of thunderstorms, thus keeping themselves from direct contact to some extent with the bolfc or nails which connect wilh the car frame, THE days of the horse are at last num bered. Both fashion and expediency is g-'ving the bicycle first place in sport and business, and now the motor is about to displace the equine on the macadam. A very powerful company has been formed io America to manufacture _ carrlnges which will carry from two to sis persons, and will be propelled by a motor of two and a half and three and a half imrRe power. Bach carriage will have three speeds, gunged at three, ids, and fourteen miles an hour. The motors are on the gas-oil principle, and the cost of petroleum used is estimated at one cent per horse power per hour, WATER-BAILIFF SELF has attracted the attention of the Royal Hnmane Society to the extent of being the reci pient of the medal of the society for bravery. Now although that policeman has on more than nno occasion proven by acts of deservedness to obtain this honor, he ha«, with a general spirit as great na hie impulsiveness iu going to assist those in danger, expressed his in ability to feel that he himself should be bo eulogised. He bas two sons, growing lads, who are like ducks upon the water, and who have on more occasions than one proved their usefulness by acts ot fear lessness in saving life, and he would have preferred to see the boys noticed by tho Humane Society. They are rising lads with their lives before them, and the honor would have been of more use to them than to their father, who is settled down. One seldom hears of such disinterestedness, human natute for the most part in its infinite conceit preferring eelf praise beyond anything that society can confer, ?? Nobtheen Spokbb'' writes ;— Since Crisp's recent win over the water 1 have heard of no Uss than nix who can win next year's Austral, but I'll not mention names at present, lest I put 'em away— it would be a pity when they havo such a good thing on. The slave dealers of Zanzibar still carry on their horrible traffic. Accord ing to the statement of a gentleman who until a short time ago occupied an official position, the Arabs, instead of bringing their cargoes of slaves over in bulk, bring them over in small boats — one, or two, or three at most, at a time. If, by chance a cruiser is observed approaching, tbo unfortunate ulaves are quietly dropped overboard with n, largo etone tied mund their necks, and when the boat is overhauled there is nothing to justify its detention. The wriy to make your friends Jporry is to «sl; tuba to try cue Caifcatld uollloa alo. Thus a Bulletin man : Eighty-six men of , law are supposed to be earning a living in Hobart ; or oue to every 290 of the population 1 The Eutler family is represented by seven lawyers in Hobart alone. In Launcestou land-sharks are scarcer, the number being one in 570. Ths Syriac goBpels, whioh have turned up at the convent of St Catherine, entirely throws open for dieoustiiou the Immaculate Conception of Christ, The palimpsest is in tho native language of Christ and distinctly states that he was the natural sou of Joseph by Hary, No other historical document of the kind makes (lie assertion. A peculiarity about the accepted version is that although Christ is s%id to foe conceived of the Holy Ghost, yet bis genealogy ie iracod to the stem of Jessie through Joseph. A numdeb of highly reputable citizens gathered together on Saturday last to congratulate the Hon. John Watchorn, M.L.C., upon his again being re- eleoted Mayor of Hobart, for the fourth time. They stayed to go through a list of toasts which was endowed with marvel ous elasticity. Then they went home j but more than onecauld not get through their own doors, for they had made several calls on their way, just to toaat themselves. It was no use contending against swollen beads, so their missuses mostly let them lie outside. One hard citizen is said to hare reported to the coroner that his wife moved his body inside and had it put to bed ; but loft his head outside to cool under the tap. It hud since died of the grip. He was told to gD and dig himself a private grave yard. The attitude of most democratic papers throughout Australia towards Federa tion is expressive of ' 'E dunno where o are.' One or two of the straight out labor papers have spoken out with no un certain voice, as to the useles8nes6 and folly of starting the federal machine before the fuel of federal feeling is on the spot, but the vast majority appear te be lying low for something. Mean time the friendB of a hurried federation in the interests of 6$ per cent, wonder what is the matter, and seek to break through the conspiracy of silence main tained by the real democracy. A few alleged democratic papers have apolo getically fa'len into the trap, notably the Sydney Bulletin. The spectacle of democratic writers slavishly following the lead of the Fatman papers in this matter ',is a sorry one, and argues either a want of vigor or a lack of originality. Incidentally, the Clipper has not yet spoken Cascade battled ale is (a light and spark ling beverage. Juft what is required by picnic parties. Nugget Carey, ' the Deadwood Dick ' of the Sandhill, Launceston, continues to add to his already long list of adven tures. He is barely 28 years of age, but nearly half of his youn^ adventurous life he has spent behind the bars. His last ex ploit was to capture the carcase of a fine young calf up the Sandhill way, and for this he was laid on the shelf for twelve months, but being near Christmas he thought he would have another look round, so he scaled the gaol wall. After having given the police a lively go at tho game of hare and hounds, he was again locked up, and will enjoy his Xmas duff in the gaol. At the Crisp reception banquet Sir. Heury Dobson proposed the toast of 'Mr. and Mrs. Crisp.' In referring to the connection of the Austral hero with the firm of Dobson, Mit chell, and Allport, the speaker ran over a number of the names of endear ment by which the parchment triune is generally known. Then he oredited the Cmppeb with styling them the Damned Mercenary Alienators. Just to prove tb.it we are all jolly good fellows a mem ber of the Clipper staff proposed Mr Dobson's health, which the boys res ponded to right jovially. The Cascade bottled stout ie excellent for supper and indispensable for invalids. AtDEBiiAN John Watchorn, M.L.C., was re-elected Mayor of Hobart last Saturday. After the official declaration of the appointment, the Mayor-elect in Company with a number of friends adjourned to the Mayor's room, when the hon. gentleman's opinions upon the general topics of tho day wero honestly and fairly oxproased. He began life in our Council ovor twenty years ago, and las now passed through seventy- one yeai'3 of a useful existence. In his re marks to those who stood outside of the rate collector's doorway, he said that he would use all endeavors to make life as municipally easy as he could, and hoped that impecunious debtors to the City Council would meet him half way, which was the most feeling aud sensible thing he oonld say under present circumstances. The famous Cascade Urowory Company is now producing a most exoollent light dinner ale. Two Adelaide-born young meu, brothers (one of them served hie articles in Sydney), have, says BuijIjETIN, cleaned irr) their ? SaW V HjBm»w°nii /or jJJSO.TOO, Not 