MOLLY RILEY. AN OLD FRIEND IN NEW ATTIRE. it came like an impassioned serenade, m the clear night air, across the sylvan glades .] of thu Fitzroy Gardens. Listen ! j Oil, Mol-ley Ri-i-ley, I lo-ove you-u, j Tell me Mol-ley Ri-ley does yonr heart heat Mar-ry me,my dar-ling, I’ll die if you And my ghost will come and haunt yon, Mol-ley Riley. The swinging waltz refrain of the son® Was insinuatingly sweet. It clnng to the memory like the smoke of incense to a garment. Re sides, one had heard it so often before. One heard the newspaper boy humming it at the top of Bourko street:— “Oh, Mol-ley Ri-i-ley-Herald, sir* ’Ere y’are, sir—yes, sir, fift’ ’dtshun, thank ycr sir ; (piano) I lo-ove yew, Tell mo Mol-ley Hi- (forte) Herald ! Fift’ ’dishun; (piano) Tell me Mol-ley Riley does yes ’art-:ere, sir, I’m the hi yer al’ways gets yer ’erald from, not ’im ; right y’are, sir; (piano) Mar- ry me, my dar-!in’ ”—and so Then everybody one met would persist in chanting Molly Riley. The milkman hummed it, so did the butcher, so did the housemaid as she washed the doorsteps, so did the policeman on his beat, bo did the su’o-editor ns he dashed his merciless blue pencil through your choicest paragraphs; so did the compositor who set up tho mangled remaiuB of what you knew to be almost classic litera ture. It is supposed that the very judges on the Bench have caught the infection and have hummed Molly Riley ns they turned ovfer the worm-oaten pages of calf-bound expensive tediousaess they ate pleased 10 call I don’t know how long I had been sitting on that sea: in tho gardens when I saw two figures coming towards me through the gloom. One was the figure of a youth, the other that of a girl. The youth was dressed m a dark blue satin bioycle suit and had bright golden hair, and oh 1 sacli a figure ! such grace ! such suppleness ! such ologauce of limb and carriage of bead'. I think 1 bad seen the comely youth before, at a certain pantomime I wot of. He kissed the girl under a gum tree—I couldn’t help knowing ha did it, though I turned my head away— and as he loft her the lr.83 tripped towards me. Somehow I knew that she wa3 Molly Riley. As she gave ine an arch, saucy look, I felt justified in addressing her. “Miss Riley, I presnmo,” said I. “Miss Molly Riley.5’, “ The same, sir,” she replied; dropping j me a curtsey. j “ I have heard a great deal about you, my dear,” I added. “ Oh, I dare say you have. I am pretty well known all over the British Empire, I believe.” Dear me ; you don’t say so.” “ Oh yes. 1 am the heroine of the song of tho day, you know. At this very time I am being sung about on hundreds of stages iu theatres in England and Ireland, and the British colonics. Ob, I can tell you, they all know Molly Riley. I believe I am ns well known as Queen Victoria. I pride myself ou being the idol of an Empire. You are surprised, but you have but a poor concep tion, I fear of the popularity of a song that catches ou. Why, I'll be bound tiiat if you were in London at this very moment you I would hear the little boys in tho street sing ing, “My ghost will conic and hannt you, Molly Riley." You would hear the Bame in Dublin, in Cork, in Manchester, in Edin burgh, iu Glasgow, in Liverpool, in Birming ham—just as yon bear them singing the song in the otreetB of Melbourne, niul in Sydney. I tell you, Sir, that Molly Riloy is a great character—an universally diffused per sonality." “I should like to know more about you, Miss Molly. Riley, and where were you “ Ah, that’s another story. Lot me whisper in your ear." She put her dainty lips near to me, so that I could taste the sweetness of her breath. “ I never dio “What !’’ “ Listen ! Do yon remember the song of Daisy that used to be sung last year ?” Did I remember Daisy! I hummed the air to her:— “ Daisy, Daisy, give me your auswer true, I’m half orazy all tor tho love of you. It won’t lie a stylish marriage; I can’t afford a carriage. But you’ll look sweet, On the seat, Of a bicycle built for two.” Molly clapped her hands with glee. “ I sun glad that yon remember me in that form,” she said. She caught my look of amazement, and explained herself. “Tho truth is,” she said, “ that I change my form once a year, at least; sometimes more often. I find tiiat tho people get tired of me after a time.” “ Madame,” I said, “ I don’t believe I could ever get tired of you. You are altogether charming.” “Thank you ; but you see, my Empire is so large, so, in order to hold my sway, knowing the fickleness of the' great public, I ohauga my form, my name and my tuno frequently. 1 was Daisy last year, a year or two ago I was known everywhere the English language w sung and spoken as Annie Rooney. Do you remember me in that form P Shall I sing you the refrain ?” “ Oh, please do.” She burst into silvery song, “ She’3 my sweetheart, I’m her Jo ! She’s my Annie, I’m her beau. Soon we’ll marry, never to part. For little Annie Rooney is my sweetheart!" “Ah,’"said 1, “ I recognise you again—of course I do. The badness of yonr English and the strained nature of your rhyme is un mistakable. Bnt how many changes yon must go through !’’ “ Yes, I reincarnate about once a year. As soon as I find the people getting tirod of me in one form, I pnt it away, dreea up afresh, turn on a fresh tune, and again conquer all hearts. A short tima ago there waa a rage for coater songs, so I put on a hig hat with a gaudy feather, and sallied forth as ’Liza. Do you remember ’Liza’ Her chorus was like this:— Oh, ’Liza, dear ’Liza, If yer die an old maid yer ’aye only yeraelf to blime, Oh, ’Liza, dear ’Liza, ’Ow d’yer fancy 'awkins for yer other Before I waa ’Liza I was Sweet Katie Connor before that I was the Maid of the Mill, year3 ago I was Sweet Belle Makone.” “ But stop a minute. If I remember rightly, both the Maid o£ the Hill and Bello ! Muhone died. How can' you have been a I corpse J “ Ah, that’s one of my little tricks. Tour sec, the pablic is sometimsc ai’.iicted witbr amatory morbidness, and likes a love song,' with a po3t-mortem tinge. 1711611 that is eo. I adopt a nice tune and pretend to be dead. Of course, it i9 only my fun. I coma up smiling again next year in another shape, to a waltz refrain, and a flavor of kissing about my verses, and so I win my way again into popularity.” "Dear me, all this is vory interesting, i Miss Riley, or Rooney, or Connor, or Daiay, or Mahone, or whatever your real name 19,” She iaughed heartily. “But can you tell me wiiat name and tune you will adopt next year? I should like to know in ad vance, you know.” “Whatabout copyright?” she said, with a business air. “ Oh no, I’m afraid I can’t do that unless you promise you will never reveal a noto of it.” “I promise, on my honor.” “ Then I’ll sing.yon a verse pi the song .^E am preparing for myself and which every body will know in a few months.” She tuned up her voice, Bhook her skirt* for a dance and commcnoed to sing—it waa awfully sweet and winsome—when, sud denly''-! felt a heavy hand on my shoulder, and a gruff voice in my car. I rubbed my eyes, and, looking np, found a policeman standing over me. I was very cold. It was past midnight. I suppose E must have been asicop and dreaming. Molly Riloywas nowhere to be seen. 