SOME VICTORIAN MOTHS. ERNEST ANDERSON. UHOST MOTHS, OR SWIFTS. Ghost moths form a very interesting group. They 1)11 VI! characteristics which effectually dis tinguish them. One of the most pronounced is the rudimentary condition or entire absence 0f the tongue. In this respect ghost moths are wMely separated Irom hawk moths, which flrP provided with tongues an inch or two incites l<»iiR to extract honey from (lowers. The alternative name" Swifts" was given t" these moths on account of the rapid Hight they ure capable of. They are also remark able l<" the curious manner in which numbers of males will hover over one spot, llying from side to side with measured Might resembling the movement of a pendulum. It has been observed in c 'rfain species that this swaying (light in some mysterious manner attracts the female, which, apparently possessing the privilege of proposal, effectually asserts it bydyinc against the object of her choice, and knocking liini out of the dance. The name "Ghosts" sometimes given to the game moths is probably derived from the ghost inoth proper, a pure white species not indigenous to Victoria, ard even here the name is not altogether inapplicable, for they thielly nppear in the late autumn, when the tirat.coM winds, sweeping across the flats/ they (ove to haunt, cause the reeds and-rushea' to shiver and bend beneatji-a- leaden Bky, and the indistinct forms of these moths as they execute their weird (light, or the sudden dash of one across the traveller's \ision, may well raise an uncanny leeling m his jnind.' Many a night watcher has been 8t«mled;Jfy repeated taps on the window caused l«yone of the larger kind endeavouring to reach the light, which has a great attraction for this family. In contrast to the careful manner in which most moths sock out the particular tree or plant enitahle fort lie up- bringinKuf their progeny, the mt»ml>ers of this family eject the eags whilst Hying over herbage. The caterpillars live undergrouii 1, feeding upon the roots of prasses, reeds, &c.;, and are not averse to making a meal otV any root crop they get unionist, hut tluv mostly favour damp loose soils in which they can easily tunnel. Most oftheswiftsfeedas caterpillars throughout the sprinRiiii'leitrly summer. The mothleaves the chrysalis stage in the autumn. PoitiNA FUKCOMACULATA, WALK. The D.uk-spotted Swift-moth. This species is often very abundant. The colouration ol the lore winga is dusky brown, limine darker markings with pale outlines; t)i''se markings vary considerably both in size and posi'ion in different specimens ; the lund wings are somewhat lighterand without markings. 1'OBIKA AU6TBALIS, WALK. The Golden Swift. In this moth the ground colour is golden toown, t lie fore wings with a aeries of xi(5-W8 Bpots, and a white streak extending from the base of the wing nearly to the hind margin. The h|nd wings haii'e a few uloudy uarkinga round .the margin. Sooi,iacma Biooiion, BDV. The Barred Crimson Footman. Very little description is needed of this moth, the name alone Iteine almost sufficient for its identification. The wings are uniform crimson with the marginal area l>laek. Two broods uppp&r; during the year, viz., in November and in March. TKUM<CSSA NrvosA, WALK-. The Snowy Footman. This is a very elesrant little motli, the ground colour being pare white with black markings anil an orvn<;;e dash at tip of the fore wings. It can \>p searched for in October and November, and when Been at rest upon a hough or on the trunk of a tree charted by fire it is"«n extremely conspicuous object. . The caterpillars are found during July and AtygoSt Hiding under the loose hark of the jgum tree ; tH'fy ate very sluggish and feed at ( nicht onlv. ' *?* This pretty little moth .is very frequently disturbed in wattle plantations; most probably the caterpillars fed upon the lichens attached to those trees. The fore wings are " '/T 'I KRMKSSA GHVno.SA, WALK. < . lianded Fjtotman. THE DARK-SPOTTED SWIFT-MOTH. creamy, crossed by several dark biown bands, anil the hind wings are yellow with brown blotches : the markings vary somewhat, being mere intense in some specimens than in others. November is the month to look for this moth. It leitrna death when disturbed, an I should therefore be approached cautiously, for should it drop to the ground it is very hard to 6nd. CLUACA BUBRICOSTA, WALK. Black Footman. The fore wings are It'.aok with an orange streak on costal margin, and sometimes two yellow epotg near inner margin; in m-tny specimens, however, these are absent. The hind wings are yellow with a black spot in i centre, and a black band round the hind THE GOLDKK SWIFT. g margin., These m^tha are frequently ob g Berved in great numbers amongst low her j[ base, they are on the wing during February anil March, and the caterpillars are feeding * daring November. VAN DTOK'S great portrait of Marchese de Spinola and her daughter was Bold at Chicker i inif liHll, N«»w York,, qn 26th April, for » . oO.QOOilo). This has been stated to beone ot the 60 most valuable paintings in thfe wbHd, , and moot people willMieVe the sfitieiutnt 1 when told thatevenat 50,0004ol. theAtnerio&n; V Art Association scores a heavy losa'on the e, canvas. Tne pioture is 66jn. x 57i». Jtwais \- /painted .in 1625, when Van/Oyok; wa9 4M«out , & years old, «nd when under the influence Pf the great oblourists, T!^ih and Veronese, > The painting remained in the Spinolafaraily 6 - neiirfy-200 ^-ears, when itwaa sold to iroird e Cftledon, of England. The American Art e Association purchased it ift'18^3 from the Galedon uollectioh. The subject of the e " portrait, Marchese de Spinola, was We" wife 1 of Marquis -Ainbrosio de Spinola, the famous e Genoese general. The works of other Q roasters were also disposed of at fan<^ prie s. The total amount brought by i82,4>aintings, including the Van Dyck, WASlDl,787dol. n BOo. a A DESPATCH to the London Chronicle from d liome says that the Pope has instructed the Congregation of the Propaganda to prepare a y new plan for the conversion of Japan. The d Pope hopes to enter into diplomatic relations d with the Mikaao aud to establish a new mission. 