The Mystery of tbe Idii ; Oil, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. movelist i STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. ' -trD CHAPTER XXII. — (Continued.) I promised him a liow that wonld jcettainly delight liim. Ae the garden 'was plainly visible from tho oak Ipurlor, you can rondily nndorstand to what viow I alluded. But he hud 110 sub- picion of my meaning, and followed mo livith some roluctanco. 1 j But hie aspect changed materially iwhon, in walking up and down the paths, I casually remarked : " This ia the least inhabited side of the , inn. Only one room is occupied, nnd : that by_ two foreigners — Mailamo and 'Mademoiselle Lotollier. Yet it lias n pleasant outlook.aa you yourself can see." ,1 " Is sho— are tlicy behind those win- 'dowe?" ho asked, with an impetuosity I could not but ndmirs in a man with n"o ,muoh to rocommonu liim to tho conaidera- 'tion of others. ; "I bog your pardon," I10 added, a .moment latar, after a stolon glance at the house, " I know these Indies, anil any thing in connection with thom is interest ing to 1110." 1 boliered it, and had hard work to hide my secret troublo. But his preoc cupation assisted mo, nnd at length 1 found courage to remark : ! " Thoy are from Paris, I understand. A fino woman, Madnme Lotellier. Must be much admired in hor own Xand ?" Ho seemed to havo no reason for re- eonting my curiosity. "Sho i'b," was hia quick reply. " She to not only admired, but renpocted. I .have never hoard her name mentioned but \- with honor. 1 am happy to bo known lis her friond." 1 I gave liim one quick look. Good ift oa von a 1 what lay before thin man ! And .he so unconaoious I I felt liko wishing Hhe inn would fall to atoms before our iByes, crushing beHeath it tho sin of the -ipast and tho false hopes for tho future, llo saw nothing. Ha was smiling upon a rose which lie had plucked and was hold ing in his liand. "This inn is ono of tho antiquities," 1 now observod, anxious to know if any hint of its secrets had evor reached his ears. "They suy it is one of the first struc tures roarod on the river. Have you over hoard any of the traditions connected with it ?" " O, no," ho smiled. " The Hoppy- Go-Lucky ls.quito a stranger to mo. Yon cherish up all its legends, though, I have uo doubt. Are there any tales of ghosts among thom ? I can easily imagine cer tain disembodiod spirits wandering through lis narrow halls and up and down lis winding stair-cases." "What spirits?" I asked, convinced, however, by his manner that ho was talk ing at random with the probable aim of prolonging our walk within view of the window bohmd whioh his darling might stand- concealed. " MadamO'imist inform mo. I havo too littlo acqamntnnoo with this country to venture among its traditions." " There is a story," I 'began ; but hera a finely modulnted but piercing voice rung musically down the paths from ths house, and we heard : " Your oyes will certainly suffer, Mrs. Truax, if you - let tlio hot sun glare upon them bo .moroilossly." And, burning, we sow msdamo'a smil ing face-looking from the easement with a. 'meaning that struck us both . dumb and Jed mo to. shorten our walk lest my in terost in -tho romance then going ' on should bo suspocted and my uaefulnesi thus bccomo abridged. Was it to forestall mysuspioions, ridher- self of my vigilance, or to insure hersell Bgoinst.any forgotfulnoss on hor daugh- ter'sipart, that madamo somo two hourt. latoLvsant mo. tho following note : .V, ".-1". " Dear Mks. Tecax, — I can imagine that after your walk in tho blazing sun- Ughtyou-dofnot feel< very well this even ing. I must nevertheless request of yon' . B.favor, my neediiboing great' and , yon boing tho only, person wbo oan-aqsistime.; The Marquis de la Roohe:Guyon, with (wkom I sawyou promonading, has come; \- ito this, places witli the express intention- of paying cqurt to my daughter. As I nm not preparedito.frowmupon'his.Buit, and equally unpropared;totfavor;it, I donot Yoolat liberty - to-refuse him" theipleiasure an mterviowwith mydaughtor and yet 'do not deBiro tliem toionjoy suoh an in- iferview. alone. Aa I am ill, quite ill, with « sudden and.exoruoiating attaok of pain in my right hip, may I nak if you will 'fulfil the office of chaperon for mo, and, without embarrassment to either party, take, suoli miiasures as will prevent an . absolute confidenoo betweon them, till 1 have, obtained tho sanotion ol.mjr, hi"- band" to on' intimacy which I myself daro not encourage -? " Very truly your debtor, if you ac complish tiliB, , "Madaiie Letellieii." I \ . . " ' n - ' CHAPTER XXIII. IN THE RECHET OUAUHER. Hnvo only twenty-four hours elapsed J It id but yoster-night that nil tho terrible evonts took placo, tho memory of which are now making my framo tremble ? So tbo clock says, and yet how hard it is to believe it.. Madame Lotellior — But I will preserve my old mothod, I ,'will not anticipate events, but relate them as thoy occurred. To go baok, then, to tho noto whioh I rooeivod from madamo. I did not like it. I did not see its consistency, and I did not mean to bo its dupe. If oho in- tctidod remaining in the oak parlor, then ovor tho oak parlor I would koop watch ; for from hor alone breathed whatever danger there might bo for any of us, and to hor alone I did look for the explana tion of her mystorious presonce in a spot that should havo hold a thousand repel lent forces for linr and hers. As for hor sudden illness, that was nonsense. Sho was ns well as I was mysolf. Had I not scon her standing at tiie window an hour or two before? But here I made a mistake. Madame was really ill, as I presently had oocaBion to observe. For not only was a physician summonod, but word onme that sho wished to seo mo, alao ; and when I went to her room 1 found licr in bed, her faco pallid and distorted with pain, and her whole aspect betraying the greatest phy sical suffering. It was a rheumatic attack, affecting mainly hor right limb, eud it made her so helpless that, for a moment, I stood aghast at what looked to me like a dis pensation of P'rovidenco. But in another instant I bogan to doubt again for though I know it was boyond any body's power to simulate tho suffering undor which she evidently labored, I was made to feel, by her penetrating and restless looks, that hor mind retained its hold upon its purpose, whatever that purposo might bo, und that for me to ro- lax my vigilance now would be to givo her an advantage that would be imme. diatel.v soized upon. X therefore hold my sympathies in chock ; and, whilo acting tho part of ths solicitous land lady, wutchcd for that glance or word which should reveal' her socret inlentions. Her daughter, whoso eyes worn streaming with tears, stood over hor liko a pitying angel, and not till wo had done all we could to relievo her mother, nnd subdue hor pain, did sho allow her longing oyes to turn towards the cloolc that boat out tho passing niomcntB with mechanical precision. It was a quarter to nine. Tho tnothor saw that glance, and hid her fnco for a moment ; then sho took mademoiselle by tho liand, and drawing hor down to hor, whispered audibly : " I expect you to keep your appoint ment. Mra. Truax will nond ono of tho girls to sit with 1110. Besides 1 feel hot ter, as if 1 oould sleep. Only romombor your promiso, dear. No look, 110 hint of your feelings." Madomoisello flushed scarlet. Stealing a look at mo, sho drew buck embarrassed, but O ! how joyous. I felt my old heart quivor as I surveyed her, and in spite of tho drond form of tho redoubtable woman stretched boforo mo, in spite ot the gruo- eomo room and its nioro than gnu-some soorots, something of 1 110 fairy-light of lovo. seemed to fall upon my spirit and lift tho darknoss from tho placo for ono ohnrt and glowing moment. "Look in tho alnss," tho mothor now commanded. " You need to tio up your ourls again and put a frcsli flower at, your throat. I do not wish you to show weariness. Mra, Truax " — those words to mo in low tones, as hor daughter with drew to ihe other side of tho room — "you roceived my note V" , X nodded. " Ypu will do what I ask ?" I nodded again. Deliberate falsehood it was, but 1 showed 110 sign of faltering. "Then I will exouso you now," 1 rose. "And do not send anyone to mo. I wish to sloop, and nnotlior'3 presonce would disturb mo. Seo tho pain is al most gone." Site did look better. "Your wishes Bhall be regarded," I assurod hor. "If you do fool worse, ring this boll and Margory will notify mo." And plaoing the boll .ropo noar her hand, I drew back and presently quitted the room. Lingering in the hall just long enough to seo tho lovoly Honora flit aoros'B the threshold of the silting-room which 1 had purposely ordered vacant for her use, X hurried to my room. It was flnrk.dnrk as tho secret ohambor, into which I now stole with tho lightest nnd wariest of steps. "Horror, gloom and apprehension wore in tho air whioh broodod stiflingly in tho narrow spot, and had it not boon for the riglitoous pur pose sustaining mo, ' I should liavo fallen at this critical moment, crushed bonoath tho torriblo weight of my own fool- inns. But ono who has to listen, straining every faculty to oatch the purport of what is going on behind an impenetrable wall, soon forgets himself and his own sensa tions. As I pressed my oar to the wall and oaught tha sound of a prolonged and painful stir within, 1 only thought of following tho movements of madamo, who, I was now sure, had left her bed and was dragging horsolt, with what diffi culty and distress loould but tain tly judge by the involuntary groans which now and . then left her, across the floor towards the door, the key of whioh I, presently hoard turn This done, a hoavy silenco followed, then tho slow, dragging sound began again, interrupted now by -weary pants and heavy sobs that at first chilled me and then shook mo with suoh fear that it . was with difficulty that 1 could retain my ; placo against tho wall. Sho was crawling 1 in my direction, and at eaoh instnnt I 'hoard tho pants grow louder. I gradually s withdrew, step by step,. till I found, ray- ' self pressed up against the wall in the ! .remotest corner I could find. And-hero j was I standing, enveloped in - darkness , nnd dread, whon tho sounds . changed -.to i Athat shuddoring, rushing noise" which ! . ,;had -hoard once before in my life, and 'fcoiri a narrow, gap through whioh , tho; fdint light in tho room beyond 'dimly' shone in a-thread ofi'-lesaer darkness, tho ; aperture grow, till I could'- feel rather than seo her form, crawling, -not walking, through tho opening, and hear, distinct enough, her horrible, gurgling - touos, as. she murmured: " I shall have to grope'forwhab l .srantnteuchit.feol'.iLfar'Ii.eaonot'Bee 0 God I O God 1 What horror f What punishmont 1" Nearer, nearer over . tho floor sho came, dragging, her useless limb behind hor. Hor outntrotohed arm groped groped about tho floor, whilo - 1 stood trembling aud agonised with horror till hor liand touched tho skirt of my drosB, when, with a groat shribkof suddenly liberated fooling, I pushed her from mo, and oricd out : \ - " Murderess! do you 000k tho bones of your victim 1" I flung open the door ngninBt whioh I. stood and lot the light from my own room stream in upon ub two. .,Hor face ob I saw it at that moment has never left my memory. She had fallen in a henp at my first move, and now lay crushed before me, with only hor wide- staring oyes and shaking lips to tell that she lived. " You thought I did not know you," I burst forth. "You thought because I hod never soon your face, you oould come back hero, bringing your innocent daugh ter with you, and cast yourself into tho very atmosphere of your crime without awakening tho suspioiou of tho woman whose house you had made a sopulohre of for so many years. Bub crime was written too plainly on your brow. The spirit of Honora Urquhart, breaking tho bounds of this room, has walked over be side you, nnd 1 knew you from the first moment you had strayed down this hull." ' broken sounds, unintelligible murmur- ings, were all that greeted my anxious ears. " You are punishod," I went on, " in tho misery of your daughter. Nemesis has reached you. Tho blood of Honora Drquharb haB called aloud from those walls, and not yoursolf only, but tho still viler being whoso name you have so faisoly shared, must anowor to man. and God for tho heart you so heartlossly sacrificed and the rights you so falsely usurpod." ' "Moray I" oamo in ono quick gasp from tho crushed heap of humanity be fore mo. But 1 was inexorable. I rcmombored Honora Urquhurt's sweet face, and at that momont could think of nothing else. Be 1 went on : " You havo had years of triumph. You have borne your victim's name, worn your victim's clothes, sported with your victim's money. And he, her husband, has looked 011 and smiled. Day after day, month after month, year after year, you hare gone in and out boforo your frionds, unmolested and unafraid ; but God's ven geance, though it halts, is sure and keen. Across laud and aoross water tho momorics of this room have drawn you, and not content with awakoning sus picion, you must mako suspicion cer tainty by moving a spring, unknown even to myself, and entering this spot from which the bones of your victim were taken only two months ago, Marah Lcighton 1" Movod by tho name, she stood! UP- Tottering and -agonised with pain, but firm once moro and determinod, she towered before mo, hor face turned to wards tho room sho had left, her hand lifted, hor whole attitude that of ono listening. " Hark !" slio oriod. It was a knock, a taint, low, trembling knock that we heard, thon the word " Mamma " came in mufiled aoconts from tho hallway. A convulsion crossod tho counte-' nance of the miserable woman boforo mo. " Oil, God ! my daughter, my daugh ter !" she cried. And falling at my foot, sho grovelled in anguish ns sho pleaded : ".Will you kill hcrt She knows no thing, suspects nothing. The wholo fiftoou yeai-B of her lifo aro puro. She is a flower. I lovo lier — I lovo hor, though she looks like the woman I listed aud killed. Sho bears hor nnmo — why, L do not know — I could not call hor anything else ; sho is my living reproach, and yet 1 lovo nor. Do you not sec it was for her 1 crossod tho wator, far hor 1 plunged my living hand into this tomb to learn if our secret had over boon discovered, nnd if tiiero was any hope that alio might yot bo made lnvppy? Ah, woman, woman, you arc not a wretch — a demon ! V on will not scntonco this innocent soul to ! disgrace nnd misery. Even if I must dio — and I swear that I will dio if you say so — loavo to my child her hopes ; koop socret my sin, and tako the blessing of the most miserable boing that crawls upon the eqrth, as a solace for your eld ago. Hear me; hear a wretched mother's plea — " "It ia too Into," I broke in. "Even wore I silent there aro others upon your track. I doubt if your husband does not already know that tho day of his pros perity is at an end." Sho gave a low cry, and tottorod from tho place. Entering hor own room, she threw throw hersalf upon the bod. 1 followed, drawing the curtains about her. Then closing the door of communication be tween the oak parlor and the ohumber boyond, I passed to tho door behind which wo corild yet hear her dnughtor'n soft voico calling, and, unlocking it, lot tho radiant creature in. "O, mamma!" she began, "I oould not koop my word—'! But hero I held up my hand, and draw ing lior softly out, told her that her mother noeded rest just now, and that if site would oome to my room for a little while ib would bo best , and so prevailed upon hor that sho promised to do what I asked, though I bow her cast longing glances through the partly oponed door towards the sombre bed so liko a tomb, and which at that. moment was a tomb, had sho known it — a tomb of hopo, of joy, of peace forovermoro. I was just going out, whon a slight stir still detained me. Looking back, I saw a hand thrust out from between the fall ing curtains. J ust a hand ; but how elo- quontitwns! Pointing it out to mademoiselle, I aid : " Your mother's hand. Give it a kiss, mademoiselle, but do not part the cur tains."" Bho smilod and crossed to that ominous bod. Kneeling, she kissod the hand, which thereupon raised itself and rested on her head. In another instant it was drawn slowly away, and, with a startled- look, tho half-weeping daughter rose and glided again to my side. As! olosqd tho doer, I thought of these words: " And the sins of the .father'' shall be visited jtpon the children to the third and -fourthigoneration." !; ; " (To he continued.) - , i' Genius without .religion vfiy. cnly a ,1am pi on the outer: gate', of ,,:a palace. It> may- .serve to. past « gleam, of slight' on those that ; are without, wbUo'.thelnhabltants ait in i d«knc8ft ' A f 