Tattf Tattle ; ;; ' BY "T,!.'' fact of Vanitas' stable companion! Bnbbuh, having scored "first Mood " far. onr Sydney visitors srtll be seized ij. es a good omen by the backers of 4hs wet favorite far the. Newmarket Handicap. And this Trial Handicap win of Rubbish opens up a vein' of thought tc .the time-test .theory. The Sardonyx gelding, with nine etone.on his baok, xuxib .his five furlongs and a quarter in lmin - 6800, wbioh— accepting - the accuracy of tbe time as recorded, and aasujuing that the time' ' test might poBSibly be 'of some value— would mean that Rubbish, even with 9st on his -back, would run tbe Newmarket Handicap distance in about lmin 14 4-7th seol Rubbish! 1 Beatoning still farther by analogy, Vamtas. wbo is immeasurably superior to Bobbish, should, on his stable com panion's tme, run right away from his. field in the Ne wmarket Handicap, a feat achieving ; and the believers in tne time test theory, dovetailing together Rub bish's time record and Vanitas' public form, will probably argue that the New market Handicap is all over, and that tbe cheque for first money might just as VaI) ha nlanail fn yiauav's it.nji ww -v.iiui a auaigui away. Unfortunately, however, for tbe time- test theorists, tbe batch of cattle which finished behind Rubbish on Saturday are such third-raters that not one of the lot would possess a ghost of a chance of winning, a Newmarket Handicap with a postage stamp on its back ; yet one of the lot, tbe filly Faultless, with Set 101b in the saddle, finishes within a length or so of Rubbish, whose brilliance is con siderably discounted by that fact. Another of Saturday's performances was, I think, of for greater value as affording a line to Newmarket Handicap probabilities than that of the Vanitas stable. I refer to Disparity's easy win under 9st 21b. ThiB mare took a quarter of a second longer than Bobbish to get over her five and a quarter farlongs of ground, but I don't suppose that, outride the believers in the infallibility of the time test, there would be found through out Australia half a dozen men suffi ciently insane to back Rubbish (9st) to beat Disparity (9st 21b) over either five or six furlongs. Gauged through tbe Flemington New Year's Day form and their present fettle, Fortunatus, Eri King, and Disparity Booiua uoua buoi a neap 'in tne new- market Handicap, and, despite his lOst 41b, Fortnnatus will, I fancy, " come out ou top " of this batch of three anyway. By the way, it has been rumored that the crack heavy-weight horseman, J. Fielder, will have the mount on Fortu natus in the Newmarket Handicap. This is not tbe case. Mr. Alf. Harvey very naturally argues that the jookey who rides tbe horse daily in his work should be in tbe best position to ascertain his temperament, and humor lyrn ac cordingly in the actual race. Fortunatus will, all going well, be ridden by E. Power. The -Harvester's wonderful trial at Flemington on Saturday, with the best of schoolmasters — Patron— proves that, unless the last Cup winner is altogether out of form, Mr. & G. Cook -possessee tbe beet weigbt-for-age horse in Australia just now- -With all his autumn engage ments ahead of him, The Harvester ought to command some extremely keen competition when submitted to public auction on the 28th inst., and though, in all probability, it will need a pretty big cheque to purchase biin, it would, I should say, be an extremely profitable speculation on the part of a wealthy " plunger," if Australia still contains such an individual. With Leger, Aus tralian Cup, and Championship possi bilities, to say nothing of other prospects at weight-for-age, and at Bandwick later realise a satisfactory price. Asia rule, I don't pay much attention to the excuses which are invariably forth coming when a first favorite is defeated, but so many really good judges, who have returned from Tasmania, assure me that Theodore's downfall in tbe Launces ton Cup was due to bad luck, that it is only fair, in tho interests of all concerned, to accord publicity to their assertions. One of our bandicappers was, I believe, a good deal mysti fied by The Golden King sucoumbing to Music and Harefield at Hobart, and subsequently defeating a fair Victorian performer in Theodore, and I must con fess to feeling a bit puzzled myself ; but the statements volunteered by tbe Vic torian contingent who returned by the s.s. Coogee on Sunday seem to supply the solution of tbe apparent paradox. Theodore was galloped upon during the race, and lost frilly three lengths as a result. Even then he ran a really game race, and finished within half a length of the winner. Theodore was so badly cut about that we are not likely to see him at nis best again for a considerable time. The return of the ringmen who re cently visited Tasmania haB been awaited with a view to livening up the deadly dullness which during the past few weeks has characterised the condition o! the betting market. But at the hour I write business at the bourses in Bourke-street has certainly been no brisker than usual. Raymond, the only Tasmanian backed or even niuoiea at w w in we newnursei Handicap, is generally voted "no good," in this connection anyhow, and there are no changes of any importance to narrate. As a matter of fact, my observation has taught me that dnring the week imme diately preceding the Caulfield February meeting — the Oakleigh Plate and Parse— backers and bookmakers elect to lay on their oars pending possible developments at|Caulfield. Apropos of the numerous commissions alleged to have been received " too late" by Anstralian bookmakers to purchase Carbine, I am authorised to state that neither Mutu Hito, Emperor ol Japan, nor his Majesty the King of Siam nas, so for, empowered any Viotorian fielder to bay book the Duke's horse. I can't answer just now for all the other poten tates. 