A Waif of the Desert. By Eenest Favenc. [Wbtttkn foe the Sydney Matl.] I.— THE WAIF. Two men lazily reclin ing and smoking under the shade of a bauhinia tree on the bank of a river in Western Australia. There are but a few scanty pools of water in the sandy bed, and a flock of white cockatoos having slaked their thirst are now dozing in the branches of a gnarled gum tree on the opposite bank. It is the hot noontide, and .the men are resting after the morning's travel. Suddenly the birds all start up and jly away, screaming indignantly. One of the men lazily raises his head to see what has disturbed them. ' Good Heavens, Jim, look there,' he ex claims. The other man in answer also gets up. A human being of some sort is painfully limping down the opposite bank. The creature might be a human being, but he hardly looks like one as he nearly falls down the incline and then drags himself on hands and knees across the hot sand to one of the shallow pools. He drinks, and drinks, and drinks as though he could not have enough. One man looks at the other, then without fpeak ing they hasten down to the wretched object. It __jg_a white man, or the frame of one. Clad only I with matted hair and beard, with hands like I talons and feet covered with raw wounds, and il in his eyes the haunted look of the desert. He j gazes at them with an almost unrecognising j stare as they gently, but firmly lift him up. I ' Ghosts ! ' he says in a husky whisper, I 'More ghosts !' _ I ' No, old man,' answers one, ' we are live I men.' j He looks at them still vacantly, then aga'n j in the same hoarse voice : 'So they all said, I but if you are not ghosts give me food, food.' j ' No good trying to get him up the bank just yet,' 6avs practical Jim, 'let's carry him over to that bit of shade, and I'll run up to the camp and get some tucker.'' He indi cates where, at no great distance, a tree over hangs the bank and throws a patch of shade on the sand, and there they carry the light emaciated frame. i ' Bring that tin of condensed milk,' shouts : the man who remains after the hurrying Jim. j but lies quiet ; and Hawkins, the man with him, takes the handkerchief frcm his neck and covers the poor worn feet to keep the flies from the eores. Nothing can be made of the incoherentand husky mutterings, only at times there seems to be, strange to say, a hoarse chuckle ; such as a corpse might make when trjing to laugh with its jaws tied up. The active Jim was soon back, and the two rough men star ted to feed the star ved man as tenderly as any two women could have done. 'Musn'tbave solid food at first you know,' says Haw kins. The restoring : influence of the milk is soon felt, and the invalid seems to get brighter with every mouthful. ' Now I think that's enough of that,' says Hawkins ' I believe we could carry him up to camp now and make him comfortable. Lucky we've got a tin of eoupleft. We'll warm it up and give him ? that directly.' ' Let's wash his feet down here,' re marks Jim. They bathe the dirt-encrusted feet at one of the shallow holes, and in their strong arms easily carry the featherweight to their camp. Here they deposit frim on a blanket and put another, rolled for a pillow, under his head. Then, while Jim opened the soup and artis tically put it to waim in a quart rot full of hot water, Hawkins got out of his twng a pot of ointment and dressed the raw places on the man's feet and bound them up with strips of his hand kerchief. The man lay perfectly quiescent : only once he feebly caught hold of Hawkins's h&ud; as though to satisfy himeelf of something. 'Not a gLost this time,' he said in the same husky voice. ' Now,' Faid Jim, when the Foup was ready and Hawkins had lifted the patitnt up, ' j ut some of this inside of you, old man, and we'll toon make you as strong as a horse.' After he had eaicn about half the contents of the tin, they lay lnm down again and he dozes off into a contented sleep. TLey light their pipes and 6it betide him, cccrsionally 1 ruehing the flics from his face, for ttey have thrown a blanket over the rrtt cf his body. Whilst they are sitiiug there the cheerful note of a black boy humming a corrolcree rhent to himrelf is heard approaching. He soon reaches the camp, and starts back when he eccs the ap parition. ' Where ihat one ccrne frcm ?' Le demands. ' Never ycu mird, Toby. You take ll.e pun and go down and stoct tome rcc-ir&toos.; Go good way, no make a noise close up.' Still with wonderment in his eyes the boy picks up the gun and some cartridges and departs. ' I wonder where he could have come frcm r' says Jim, echoing Toby's worde. ' We musn't try to find out fcr a bit. He's gone through something fearful, ard it mipht send him off his dump again if Lc told it.' They watch on silently. An cccEsioDal distant Bl;ct is heard, and Toby preEfntly returns with five cr six bird?, and sitting down at a distsnee com mences to pluck them. They are put en to stew down for Eoup for the invalid ; acd fo for over two days these two rough, hard-swearing but-hnron curee and tend this waif cf tie def ert hes given them, until he is once more human and the look of horror has left bin eyes and the strength has come back to his limbs. Once or twice he has essayed to speak, but they have gently checked him, and he has contented himself with touching and feebly squeezing their hands. Every time he doe3 this a contented look cornea into the worn face as if he is once more assured that he is again amongst his hind, and so falls into a tranquil sleep again. At last on the third day he sits up and with rsason restored to his eyes smiles at his kindly hosts and asks in a voice that has lost its huski ness : ' Where am I ?' ' On the head of the AshburtoD,' replies Jim. ' Did I come here myself ?' ' Certainly. You came from over there some where/-' and he pointed north. The' man lay back thinking, and once more broke into the ghastly chuckle. ' Don't speak any more, and don't try to think ; wait till you are stronger.' ' What are you doing here ?' ' On a fool's errand. There was a yarn got up that there was a party of fellows out this way making a pot of gold on the quiet, so Hawkins and I started to find them. Why there's never been a white man here since the creation of cats ; and as for gold ? ' ' he looked contemptuously around on the spinifex-covered ridges glistening white in the sun. ' Have you ever been out the way I came in ? ' ' Yes, we took a turn out there once. Go over these ridges and you'll see the edge of a table land ahead. Go up on. that tableland and you can go on and on until all'« bine as far as we could see. It's nothing but spinif ex and moiga bushes, and sandstone and general beastliness. We had been to ibis camp already, and intended to spell ' ourhorse3 for a day or two before going back; \- it's the only grass «bout. We got here a few hours before you did, lucky for you.' ' You didn't see a mountain. A tall, gaunt, I bare mountain, that shines red all day in the son, ani if you laugh like this 'Ha ! Ha !' the mountain says Hi ! Ha ! back again ?' ' No we didn't. I tell you we saw nothing but desolate abomination, and I don't believe there's a mountain within a few hundred miles of here. As for anyone saying ' Ha ! Ha ! ' in such a place, why, all I have to say is, that it's about the most cheerful place I ever saw to say Ha ! Ha ! in.' u But it's there, and I started from there when I had done what I vowed I would do, and the ghosts came here with, me.' ' Now dry up, old man, you're getting looney again.' ' But they came,' cried the man excitedly, ' three of them. He was there, with the blood on him, and the two -women. And I thought she would have been pleased at what I had done, but she wasn't-' ' Now I'll hear no more. You seem to have a queer idea of pleasure if you imagine any woman would look pleased or sing comic songs in the sort of place you describe. Lie down again at once.' The man, the pup^s of whose eyes had become once more dilated under the excitement he had worked himself into, obeyed. HawkinR wetted a handkerchief with thp water-bag1 and placed it on the hot head and, after a few muttenngs, he fell asleep.' - . ' Jolly nice contract we have on hand,' said Jim in an undertone.; ' We must get hitja round by degrees, s- We've grot plenty of rations, and there's good picking I for the horses. Now I think the best way is this — ? We must not let him talk ,? again ; you noticed he was all right when he first woke up. When he's .strong enough we'll start and take him with us, but he must promise us never to talk about his ghosts until we are inside the settled country. We have a riding ' saddle packed, yon know, so there will be no tronble/? ?' Think there's anything in all this ? ' ' In my opinion it's all tommy-rot and moon shine, but where he can have come from licks. me.' When the stranger awoke he seemed once more reasonable, and willingly gave his word not to talk of tie past any more at present. He goon was able to walk about the camp, and apparently' His hair and beard had been cut by Jim, and, dressed in a spare suit of Hawkins's, it could be seen that in reality he was rather a handsome man of about 35. Both the men instinctively recog nised the fact that he was a , gentleman both by his speech and ways. When his feet were well enough to get boots on, they started, and with the refreshened horses were, in, a week or so, amongst the sheep stations of the Upper Murcbi son. At camp one night the rescued, man asked Hawkins and Jim where they were bound for. They told him to the Murchison, where they knew ' Good heavens ! Jim, look there.' of some country that would pay wageB. He asked permission to accompany and stay with them until he could communicate with friends in Sydney who would forward him some money, a request which, of course, was readily complied with. ?? And now,' he said ' let me tell my tale. I cannot rest until I have told some one ; only I ask you, keep it secret. Jim looked at his mate, and they both nodded. II.— THE WAIF'S STORY. ' I had a friend on whom I heaped every benefit. He was poor and I was wealthy. Finally he married a rich woman, a close friend of my wife's, but who was comparatively plain, although of a sweet nature. Tbings went on smoothly enough for some time until my wife suddenly died, and I found ia my desk a letter from her stating that she had poisoned herself, through remorse. I hastened over to this man's house and found his wife alone. I was perfectly calm. I Baid, quietly, ' I am going after your husband, to find him and kill him.' I saw she knew every thing. ' Yes,' she answered ; ' go, go ! Find him, and kill him, and I will bless you.' I arranged my affairs and left. He knew that I was after him ; somebody must have wired to him, and the chase commenced. He changed from steamer to steamer, doubled back from place to place, but I never once lost the trail, and finally he worked his way up tj Kimberiey. At Wyndham I learned that he had gone with some others out back. I got men and horses and followed. From one half - deserted camp to another I followed him, always a little behind. Mind you, I could have over taken him at any time, but I wanted to prolong his torture. I could guess what being hunted must have felt like, and I was certain he knew ??' You killed her !'' I said. ' You killed her,' the mountain answered back. that I was after him. At hist we got to the most outside camp of all, and here I found the men he had been with. They told me that he had left tie day before with a packhorse, intending to stop out prospecting for a few days. I knew better. It was a last attempt to throw me off. I paid my two men, told them that if I did not return they were welcome to the horjaes, and, with a packhorse, started alone on his {back. Mind you again, we were both old bush - struck fouth. There had been good rain, and water was not hard to get. I kept exactly a day behind him. Suddenly we got out of the rainfall into dry country, and then I knew the time had come. Ahead nearly two days' journey I could see the top of a mountain, and towards that he made, thinking, I Buppose, to get water there. I had taken the precaution to bring two large water-bags, and had filled them at the last water, throwing away nearly everything else. When he left his next camp I could see that his horses were nearly done ; mine were much fresher. Presently I came to one standing knocked up by the track, tr e packsaddle and pack still on its back ; he had not dared to stay to take them off. What must he have felt like ? On still to the mountain, now growing tall and red before us. That night we muet have camped close together, for I was pur posely gaining on him. When I reached his camp the next morning I found his other horse lying down, too weak to get up. He had gone on en foot. I got off, too, and let my horses go, and followed him on foot, step for etep. At noon we came to the mountain . ' It rises out of a sandy plain. It is of bare red roch, smooth and polished looking. I saw him ahead, toiling across the sand, and was close behind him when he reached the foot, and looked helplessly up at the Btern face. Then he turned and saw me for the first time. With aery of fear he dropped on his knees. He had his revolver on, and as I did not want to be baulked I pulled it out of his pouch, and threw it away. Then I looked at him kneeling there, crouching before me. ' I laughed, and 1h9 mountain laughed back. Oh, it was a merry party ! ('lc must have been,' muttered Jim.) I was meditating whether I should stand there and watch him slowly die - f fright or kill him. I thought I would enjoy the first a little. Presently I said to him, - You killed her ! ' He stretched out his trem bling hands and shook his head. ' Not actually,' I went on, ' but through you she poisoned herself.' I watched him a little longer then. I looked round for a weapon. I did not want to use my revolver. There was a nice heavy stone uear, I picked it up and laughed, and the mountain laughed back. 'You killed her,' I said. ' You killed her,' answered the mountain. I struck him once on the temple. He groaned, and the mountain groaned in mockery. ' You killed her !' I said once more. ' You killed her,' said the moun tain. I struck him twice ; again he groaned, and again the mountain mocked him. ' You killed her,' I said, and struck him a third time. But he did not groan, only fell forward on his face. 'Then the mountain and I both laughed at him lying there with the bright red blood staining the sand. Suddenly I became aware that two women were stand ing by me— his wife and mine, and both looked sadly at me. I thought that his wife would have looked glad, but she did not, only very very sad. I spoke to them, but they did not answer, and when I would have moved away they pointed down here, eo I came to the south. They walked with me, one on each side, and the dead man got up and followed us. ' How long we travelled I do not know, but there were always the four of us ; the two women with me and the dead man following, until one day I awoke in your camp and they were gone.' During this recital tbe waif had not returned to his former state of excitement. He told it all in a plain, deliberate tone of convic tion. The ghosts who walked with him to the prospectors' camp, over hundreds of miles of desert, were as real to him as bodily persons. Of how he had lived during that time he had no remembrance. Fortunately for him, he must have felt nothing of his s,uffeiings during that awful journey. 'Now,' he said, 'I have done, and will never mention it again. I know men like you will not repeat it.' ' I should think not,' said Jim. ' I have no wish to get a fit of the horrors on false pretences ; that is to sav, without having had the liquor pre viously.' The waif, who refused to give his name, but said that Brown would do as well as any other, accompanied his rescuers to the Murchison, and proved a most amiable companion, eo much go that when at hist the expected remittance arrived his quondam rescuers felt loath to part with him. Before going he obtained from each of them a permanent address that would probably always find them. Needless to say, both had refused to accept any payment. A year or more rolled od, and fortune had not dealt kindly with the two matee, when one day they received a notification from the storekeeper where their letters were addressed, ttating that two letters marked 'important' were lying there for them, and he did not like to trust them to anybody. They went in, obtained their letters, bolh similar ; and found that they were from a firm of lawyers in Sydney informing them that under the will of a gentleman lately deceased, whose name, for private reasons known to them, he was not at liberty to divulge, they were each entitled to the sum of £5000. Soliciting the favour of their instructions, -S:c. 'Well,' said Jim, 'who the deuce would have thought that that waif we picked up, nothing but bare bones, would have crushed for ten thou sand pounds r'' EPILOGUE. S^me time ago there was a sensation in Sydney, caused by the sudden death of a youna1 and beau tiful lady, well known as the wife of~a Mr. Wil lington, who was devotedly attached to her. Suicide was more than hinted at, but the matter was quietly and skilfully bushi d up. At the same time a Mr. Stannert, who had married a rich but plain heiress, suddenly disappeared. Mrs. Willington and Mrs. Stannert had always been intimate friend?. It was the old example of the plain girl and the pretty one strikiDg up a friendship. After Mrs. WilliDgton's death her From the Picture by W. Menzler. Photo, by G. Schauer, Berlin. SUMMER MORNING. hubband w(nt for a long spill of travel, and eoon afterwards Mrs. Stann- rt fell into a decline. The disease liugertd on, hopc-ltss fr- m tbe'firet. At last her friends were warnid that the end was approaching. One afttruoon ehe was sleeping, apparently peaec-fully, the attendant reading by her side. Suddenly, wiihcut any warning, i-he sprang np in a sitting robiiion and, with her eyes staring into vacancy, stretched out her hands pleadingly. ' Dont ! don't ! ' she exclaimed. ' Spare him. I have forgiven him ! ' She fell back and expired. It was Eoite time btfore Mr. Willinglon re turned from an extended course of travel. He was wasted and much worn. He was also afflicted with an incurable disease which carried him off within a year of his return. He was quite chaDged in manner, having become Bomewhat eccentric during his absence : but nothing was very notice able beyond a hubit he had of occasionally break ing out into a hoarse chuckle. People often wondered where he had picked up the habit. Perhaps two Murchison miners could have told. 