FROM OUR EXCHANGES Japan has now 100 daily papers. America has 2,000 women doet jrs. A boom has set in in the iron trade, Professor Huxley is dead. Aged 70. Leighs Creek coal coming into favor at last. The Grace testimonial has reached 50,000 shillings. The Premier has introduced the Early Closing Bill. A party of Bashi-Baziuks his murdered nine workmen of Macedonia. Brigade-Majo 1- Stuart leaving the Staff- Office and joining the Customs. Marshall Floriano Peixoto ex-President of the Brazilian Republic is d:ad- In the British Ministerial elections all the Ministers were returned unopposed. The Gawler Plains Trrigatioa Company will probabv be floatsd in the Autumn. Mrs Ormiston Cli mt would throw open all prisons to the work of the Salvation Army. Tlie liquor dealers of England have raised £20 030 to fight the Local Veto Bill. Do you suffer much from toothache, Mrs McSweet. No, uot unless my husband has it. At Redfern (S.S.W.) a man cut ths throats cf his three children aad gave himself up. Alfred Buck has been executed for the murder of Catherine Norton. He died a freethinker. Enthusiastic meetings in favor of the Local Veto Bill are being held throughoat Great Britain. A military social given by the Commandant in honor of Brigad^-ilajor Btuart on Friday evening. There were at latest advices 6S bankers and bank cas tiers in the Brooklyn Penitentiary for larceny. The two convicts who escaped from the stockade were captured between Palmer and Ma,mum on Stturday. The Weldh tin plate manufacturers have closed down their works, and 30,000 hands .are thrown o-it nf work. Tue L'rince of Wales praises the Colonies for tneir admirable enterprise in the construction of railway lines. Field Marshall Lord Roberts, of Kandahar, V.C., to succeed the Duke of Cambridge as Cotnmanler-in- 'liief of the British Army. Mr G. E Fulton, of G. E. Fulton and Co., ironfounders, died suddenly of heart disease at Cue in Western Australia, on Monday evening last. A German stu lent of English thus translated by the aid of bis German-English 4 dictionary. 4 The ghost is willing but the meat is feebh." George Dean tases charge of his steamer again He has bean offered—and declined —£100 a week to appear in public and give his experiences. Admiral De Gana with Iiis followers defeated in Brazil. Some 150 of the insurgents were killed, and tha Admiral " has committed suicide. The Melbourne police have discovered a complete coining plant at t ie iioasa of John Gray, who was under remand tor issuing counterfeit coins. A Co-operative Produce Company (projected capual £ J00,030) to be carried on on the consignment system, and the cbnsignors to share iu the profitp. A petition containing the signatures of 57 depositors in the Siviug Bank has been presented to the House of Assembly, against the Savings B ink Bill. A poll to be taken in Gawler as to whether it shall come under the Land Value* Assessment Act —or what ira« known a* Clause XfX. Of the. new Ministry—the Salisbury Coalition--Mr Michael Davitt says: "A. more dishonest anl unscrupulous one never came into power in Great Britain." Pastor—'You ougit to be ashamed of yoprse f Even the beasts know when to etop drinking" Topei—"So do—hie—I when I—hie—drink what they do—hie." In one of the newly, organized churches among the Z il.n a by-law says:—"No member shall drink the white man's grog.' Over 201 miner* of the Coal Cre^k Proprietary Mine (V.) having struck work, the directors have consented to arbitration, and Mr French, M.L.A., will represent the miners. The Rev Joseph Cook — the Prince of Lecturers and of "Boston Mouday Lecture" fame—is coming to Australia a* tin. He is expected to arrive at Auckland, N Z., oa the 19th inst. Reform in Xew York—The Mayor has dismissed 3.000 employees w ho were known to be under the influence of Tammany Hall and have filler! the places wit'i thos> approve! by himself and a com nittee. A large number of shareholders visited the Adelaide tv S, Company's new steamer " Marloo" on Tuesday afternoon, and were well pleased with this handsome and commodious ad lition to our coasting fle?t. Limit to length of Political speeches in the House. It is to be proposed to limit speeches to thirty minute* in the House and in committee to ten minutes. So mote it be; A. company has been floated in London, with a capital of £400,0.)0, to take up 4,000 square nules in the Northern Territory. They intend prospecting this area for mineral?, establisl.ing sugar plantations, etc. At the East Ham ,-ewa^ Pumping Station (Rngland) three men heroically sacrificed their lives an 1 another nearly so in attempting to rescue a comrade who had been asphyxiated by foul gas at-the bottom of a well. " Lor 1 Bertie," or "Lord St Leonards," or " Major Sebright," who obtained a <>ieycle on false pretenses, has been persuaded by the magistrates to retire from public life for two years on each of two charges, or four yeais in all. The men at the Islington workshops who have been on half and three-quarter time are now being placed on full time again. Part went on this week and the other departments are to follow. This will cheer many a patient family. Shortly afier tue ship Argus, from Glasgow, left Capetown, the third officer was washed overboard. The chief officer, the steward, and four men went to his rescuepicked him up, and regained the ship, but just as she rouuded to to phk them up they disappeared and wsre all lost, Mr Solomon, M.P., thought some remarks in the " 'Tiz.tr " of Saturday last were a breach of privilege, and moved in tha House on Tuesday that the words be read, but the House by 21 to 23 said " No V 1 and Mr Solomon said—" You ought to be ashamed of yourselves. A scene was expected but did not come off. The Adelaide City Council had been notified by the Commissioner of Public Works that water rates would be charged on the markets, park land?, City Baths, and olive plantations. The City Fathers, having had water free for those places hitherto, objected, and waited on the Commissioner on Monday last, with the result that the market and park water must ba pail for as they are revenue producing concerns, bnt the Commissioner would hold o/er the City Bath ana plantation notice for further consideration. Bishop Harmer arrived by the Armand Behic on Tuesday at 2.30. p.m. He was met on board by the Administrator of the Dioceee and the reception committee. Besides these a crowd of peopie went out to the steamer to welcome and receive Dr and Mrs Harmer. As the bishop nnd Mrs Harmer stepped ashore from the lauach they were met with a cheer of welcome from the large gathering there assembled. Thero was another hearty reception at the Adelaide railway station from whence they were driven to Government House. 