Evening Entertainments. Theatre Royal. Me. Waltee Bentley as "Hamlet." . The announcement of' a performance of "Hamlet," especially when tho leading part is to bo represented by an experienced aotor, is sure to attract a largo audiotico, and this wns tbe ease on Saturday night at the Theatre Boyal. Mr. Walter Bentloy's " Hamlet " is not unfamiliar to Brisbane playgoers and iusfclv he has many udrmrera. It has already been declared -in these columns that Mr. Bontley'B " Hamlet " is eminently picturcsquo. Nor did Saturday night's representation, despite some disadvantages, in any serious degree diminish that opinion. Somo of his readings of famous speeches were distinctly fine and marked by the highest intelligence, and much elocutionary skill. This was notably tlio case in the 'great suicide soliloquy, "To be, or not to bo." Although Mr. Behtley did not actually "think aloud," yet ho did not, as some old burn atormorR did, rush madly to the footlights, and with baud uplifted shout the lines at the audience. It was a subdued, woll thought out rcuding, and conveyed tho iutended meaning. In tho play scene Mr. Bentloy was especially forcible, and the curtain fell on the warmest round of applause of tho night. In short, tho actor by sheer force curried the play successfully through scenes in which ho wus not so promptly .supported as was desirable. It is not cvoiy successful actor and uctross who can play Shakespearian parts, nnd this wits appurcnt ou Saturday. In contrast to others, Mr. J. B. Atholwood's vigorous, well-spoken representa tions of tho player king Laertes ; Mr. Booth - man's stately King ; Mr. OllyDeoring's Gravo- digger ; nnd Miss Hilda Temple's Queen — her elocution wns admirable — wero notable and correct Shakespearian performances. Mr. Edwin Kelly also, who for tho first time in a long pro fessional career played Polonius, was admirable. Mr. OllyDeeringhafl played thefirfctGravediggGr many times and oft, and he was ably seconded by Mr. T. Foster. Mr. Orhmdo Duly made a fair attempt with Horatio's lines. Mr. F. W. Montague began well nnd spoke out sonorously as tho Ghost, but towards tho finish of tho long speech slightly lest his grip of the linos. Miss Brandon was unduly woightcd as Ophelia. In tho grout sceno with Mr. Bentloy, when Humlct exclaims, " Got thee to a nunnery," sho woro a beflttingly frightened air, und assisted Mr. Bontley materially. Miss Brandon has, howovor, yet to learn tho correct method of speaking blank vorso. In her final scprio hor fall was rather offeotivo. Miss Alice May was foppish enough as Osrie, and looked and spoko well. Although tho version of tho fluy presented was much abridged, the por- iormunco on Saturday did not eloso until aflcr 11. This will be remedied to-night, when "Humlet" will be played for tho last time. To-iuorrow " The Silence of Doaii Maitland" will be produced. 