THE REV. E. R. HAWEIS. -«. THE LAST LECTURE. Mr Haweis s attitude towards " modern ghosts and spin realism is one of strict impartiality, and he would impress his view on the now frantic region that is searching high and low, from the Strand ch city the Strand-to the Sahara Desert for manifestations " He would not swallow a supernatural chocolate cream without the most rigid inquiry, but, on the other hand for a spectre with a blameless past and with proper references come before him and if it can show what it has been doing with its spare time since it trod this troubled earth, Mr Haweis will take it in and rank it amongst such accepted facts as rates and taxes, and bimetallism. Only, solar, he has never seen a ghost, not have spirits spoken unto him and, therefore, without being a sceptic he is not an ardent disciple of occultism Still, there is a great deal in it, even if that great deal has nothing more for a basis than the belief ox thousands of sensible, highly educated, and acute people That this exists there can be no doubt. Mr Haweis gave numerous instances Professor Sidgwick Mr Stainton Moses, Mr. Crook one of the greatest of living chemists, Professor Wallace, Oliver Lodge, and Russian save ant, whose name is as unpronounceable as it is famous- all these have declared that there is a great deal more in earthly manifestations of the occult than can be explained in their philosophy Of course, said the lecturer, there is humbug and fraud connected with spiritualism But then there is hum bug and fraud connected with everything What was wanted was an open mind" and a duet minating and if nothing in the shape of a spirit of visits tion occurred to a man in his life that man would be justified in believing, on his own account, that the theory of occultism required a great deal of proving but no sensible man could reject the many instances that seemed to show that in certain minds the spiritual side was receptive beyond ordinary belief He went on to quote many cases where it seemed impossible that there could be any mistake or trickery, and then a series of views helped to arrest attention to the keys note of his lecture These were photographs supposed to be taken directly under the agency of mediums gil ed with spiritualistic power. In one were presented two men sitting at a table, and between them a shadow of light, typical of the occult power In another the light took a more distinct shape, and was supposed to be the hazy outlines of a human being, in a third, the mediumistic camera had recalled to a sitter the features of his dead brother Mr Haweis told the stories of these pictures as they were told to him, neither embellishing nor commenting but simply stating his authorities which seemed to be un- impeachable The address was thoughtful and names to" it urged luxury as against wide-mouthed credulity or ignorant scepticism and it touched sensibly and with quiet faith on the possibilities of spiritualism The lecture was most attentively listened to by an audience evidently well posted in the latest phases of occultism. 