Choice Stories. A HAIINTEi) VILLA Tha GBntnry. Founded ok Facts. rJhijSthjBcatly part of spring of that year Florence waa full of visitors, drawn thither byjfche presence of that august personage v^ieen victoria of Great Britain and Txeland and Empress of India, at the Villa Palmieri. Many of these strangers flocked to the hotels in the town, while others rented the numerous viUas that stud the hills -by which this ancient and "interesting city is surrounded. Aihong these villas there are some very old ones, having been built centuries ago ; although to 8uit;the inhabitants of the present day, the hands of modern architects have obliterated the external fascades and altered the internal arrangements of these ancient structures. On a hill on the old road to FieBole there was a large, square-built villa, that formerly belonged to a wealthy Italian, who could ttace his family name to the Etruscan period. He died a few years ripce, leaving the wjhole of his property, which was very considerable, in trust to ;:hisonly son, a mere babe then, and now not.ygt out of his teens. - The villa in 'question, which is part of the inheritance, standing as I have already stated on the summit of a hill, is a two-story one, and stands in its own grounds, which are very extensive and woody. From the terrace, Hrhich is level with the ground floor, there is a magnificent, view of Florence and the neighboring billB that surround it; but with all'its grandeur of situation and comfort,, there, has been some mystery pbontit—*tleast, people have imagined W>—^and this handsome habitation has been unlet for many years. This spring, however, an exception was made, and the villa was let for two months to a scion of one of the noblest families in Europe, his Charming consort and retinue. Before signing the contract -th&y; Vere' ignorant of the many rumors thai were afloat about the villa, but soon after laldng possession, they. were in formed by.Mqd, or rather unkind, neigh bors and others that the house was said to hpuntfed.' Some said that there were subterranean chambers and passages which were frequented by malefactors, such as Counterfeit coiners and other rogues. Another that there was a secret vault, where most of the valuable property left the. late proprietor had been stored,fto avoidj>foperty taxes, which in Italy would anioimt to enormouB sums; and thus, for fear pli discovery, the villa was kept toilet. These rumors did not conduce to the .peace of mind of the new tenants; this was especially so with one, who was the hostess's companion, and was a young htdy of nervous temperament, and very .(imaginative. In fact, on the very first night after taking possession of their temporay abode, this young lady's rest ' was disturbed by unaccountable, and, as she called them, unearthly noises. -It is necessary here to state that the whole of the noble family and followers slept on the first floor, and that the noises seemed to emanate either from the ground -floor or basement. There was said to be howling, slamming of doors, tapping, and noises as if .furniture was being dragged alone the floor. 'Atfiratthey endeavored to ascertain for themselves the causes of these nocturnal disturbances, bat failing to make any dis coveries, they consulted an old monk, who bad inhabited that neighborhood for years; n but this religious luminaiy, instead ' *>f alleviating their fears, made them still more nervous by relating how a former j owner of the villa had confessed to him, j ' before he departed from this mortal j sphere, that there were secret passages, j chambers, and stairs in the villa. This made matters worse, if anything, and as j some of the inmates became quite pros- j trate for want of sleep, they next I consulted a high local official, who informed them that it was. sus pected that under a villa near Florence there-were counterfeit coiners, but that they had never been able to ascertain the exapt place, and he promised them assist ance; arid 'sent officersfrom time to time, but during their presence there of a night no noises were heard, and they utterly failed to elucidate the mystery.' At last they obtained the services of an .Englishman .who has had much erperibnce iri unravelling mysteries and detecting criminals, and who happened . to be.in Florence'at the time. ~ . He presented himself at the villa at ; half-past two in the afternoon on the 7th of April, and was received right royally T by the noble scion and his good lady, and after listening attentively to all they had to say about their nocturnal experiences, lie was shown over the house by the lady ^d her youthful companion. The latter had been very active in discovering : hollow Bounds in the walls, trap-doors in' the ceilings, which she suggested led to . secret stairs, passages, and chambers, which were no doubt madeuseof by the naturaTof supernatural ghosts that dis disturbed their rest at night. One, of'these trap-doors was pointed out'to the officer, and he was told that it .had been asserted there was a chamber above it sufficently large to scat twenty " five persona around a table. He naturally '"""Could not confcei ve whyandMor what' purpoB'e siich a place should'have been built, "which could only be reached through a small trap-door high up in the ceiling, , tud therefore asked if they ever had the curiosity of sending anyone up to thtB reputed secret chamber. He was in • formed that on one occasion a man-servant was aentup to inspect it, but that on pushing the trap-door back and looking uihegavea scream and jumped down, and, trembling like an aspen leaf, swore that someone threw something at him, and that no money in the whole world would induce him to go up again. The officer obtained a ladder and went up through the ceiling into this mysterious chamber, to find, alas! no ghost, no one there to throw anything at him, but only space between two walls, which " aire generally built to hide the back view of a staircase leading to the floor above. Id a simpar manner he explained away the ieat of the suspected secret cupboards, * hol^pjr^sounding walls, etc., to the great r delight of the two fair ladies; whoappeared much reassured,althbugh they still harped upon the noisies they heard at night, which : thEyhopedhe; the officer, would be able { : to unravel and explain. He said that at j : present he was unable to offer an opinion < , about the matter, and the only way would \- bet. if they heard the noises again, to let him know, and he woi^d then pass a night there -and. endeavour to ascertain the . cauBe. A few days elapsed, and then he was told that the disturbances had recom .meneed, not only to the extent as before, but with increased vehemence, So arrangements were made for the officer to spend a night there, and he arrived at the upper garden gate at 11.30 p.m. on Wednesday, the 12th April, ^ when he was let in by the noble sire, who expected him, and who, by pre- arrangement, and sent all the servants, indeed evetyone except his better half, to bed, so that the officer's1 presence there that night should not be known. On entering the portals of this hauntecl mansion the front door was securely fastened, and care was taken to see that every window and door by which entrance could be obtained from the outside was properly secured, and this was done, as he explained, to enable him to ascertain if the intruder came from the outside, or through some secret door or other open- j ing within the building. The next care was to procure a dark lantern, open all the inner doors of the ground floor to enable him to move from room to room with as little noise as possible, and finally to choose a place from which best to watch and wait for the com ing ghost. All these arrangements completed, the host and hostess were requested to retire to rest. A few minutes after he was left in sole pos session of the ground floor, and in total darkness, barring a slight ray of light sent forth by the dark lantern. He threw himself into an arm-chair and tried to pierce the intense darkness, which besame quite painfal to hiB eyes. After about half an hour he found the light in the lantern was extinguished, and on examining it he found it defective and he could make no mure use of it, and he went from room to room in search of a fresh light. After a long search he succeeded in finding a candle, which he placed in a candlestick and returned with it to his watching- place. He had not long blown out the candle and thrown .himself back in the arm-chair when he suddenly heard a distant noise as if something was being dragged along the polished parquetry flooring. Quickly striking a match and lighting the candle, he advanced to the door leading to an, inner room, when all of a sudden the i candle fell out of tbe candlestick, rolling along the polished floor, leaving him in , total darkness once more. He knelt on | the floor, groping about in search of the lost candle, and while in that position he felt as if something brushed against him, but the intense obscurity prevented him from ascertaining what it could be. On recovering the candle he once more retraced his steps to the room where he had left his matches, and, obtaining a light, went round the different rooms,^ making a thorough inspection. On reach ing the door leading from the drawing room to the front hall, he noticed a rope being dragged along the floor; he jumped on the rope to arrest its further progress, but a sudden jerk from the other end, added_ to the slippery flooring, made him lose his footing, and he went sprawling on the ground, the candle falling from hiB hand. He was once more left in total darkness, but nevertheless succeeded in grasping the end of the rope, holding on tenaciously, hoping to arrest its pro gress ; but owing to the suddenness of his faU, added to the force by which the rope was being propelled, and the polished parquetry, he was dragged par tially through the door leading into tbe halL At that very moment the' door of the staircase leading to the floor above flew open. The final tableau was unique; at the fdbt of title stairs stood half-a-dozen domestics with ghastly pale faces, holding lights in their trembling hands, who, having heard the tumult below, mustered sufficient courage to come in a body to ascertain the cause. On the floor before them was the prostrate form of the officer, holding in his right hand a revolver, and the left grasping firmly the end of a rope, the other end of which was fastened to the collar of a big pointer dog. This was the actual ghost who ought properly to have been fastened in the basement of the house, but through the negligence or kind ness of one of the servants was allowed to promenade undisturbed the two floors. It was lucky for the officer as well as the dog* that the latter was not ferocious, for had he been so, and attempted violence, his master would have been deprived of him by the aid of a bullet from the re volver. 