A BALLAD BT MB. HALL GAINS. ♦ In the first number of London Borne, a new magazine edited by Mr. Bslph Caine, appears a Manx ballad, by Mr. Hall Caine, entitled Grain my Chree, or Love of my Heart It recounts the story of a sea rover, named Juan, be trothed to a rich man's daughter, -sad driven from her father's door beoansehe is poor. Juan is shipwrecked, aad his love contracts a wealthy marriag*j but in the midst of a wild storm his ghost returns sad carries off his bride to the depths of the sea. The ballad is full of stirring lines, written with no little dramatic power sad intensity, graphically illustrated by Mr. Arthur Hughes. Here is the . stanza which tells of the first engagement :— Be broke a ring aad gave tier the half, And she buried it close at her heart. ♦? I most leave thee, love of my soul,' be said, 'But I vow by our troth that, Kvmg ox dead, I wul come back rich to thine aims jsnd thy bed, And fetch tbee as sure as we part.' And this is fee final doom: O, then as she sank in the water's womb, In the chum of the choking sea. She knew that bis aims wen about ber breast, - As dose as Us arms might be. ' And he encd o'er tne teamp *f&e; *^ifs.Twpjf|g tidB On the banks of Italy. « By the plight of troth, by tae adtfer of ourbond, If not m this world, in tke world beyond. Than art mine, O Grain my Cures.' Hoixowax's Oanman ahd Pxlis. — BpKaMft n~*n-Mem — fa wounds, bruwes, tgminm, glandular swellings, enlarged veins. eatkm of* this soothing Ointment to -the affected parts not only- gives the greatest ease, but likewisecurestae eomplami. The Pius much assist in hwniirtitng die tendency to rhfTiwi%fifltH aad niniilsrTifl'nif'! ^K^wfW'f* t whilst the Oftitanwitcntestae local ailment. The WDsimaove ihe «^»mjiti«i«i atstorb vnce and regulate every impaired function of every organ tanoghont tfae human bbdy. The canisneHhertempomry nor superficial, bat permawfintaad complete, aad the disease rsiely recurs, so perfect ha* been -die puri fication performed fey these sumlma «?» 