CORRESPONDENCE [We do not hold ourselves responsible for nor necessarily endorse, opinions expressed by correspondents.] BIBLE TRUTHS ETC. (TO THE EDITOR OF THE RECORD.) SIR-I feel curious to know what your readers who believe in current theological teaching, of all sects, and persuasions, who read the letter of Mr Breen in your issue of Aug. 20th, think of their champion. I would not dream of charging them with all the glaring faults of style, and matter, which disfigure his letters, and which must be repugnant to all but a very few of those whose views I am opposing. In stating that the Jaffa to Jerusalem raiway had its ter- minus in Gehenra. whiich in some translations of the bible has been wrongly rendered hell, I stated what was a fact. on the authority of "The Southern Cross''of a recent date. To a well constitute mind , there was nothing in this to cause a deerent to coarseness, and buffoonery, so consiticious his letter. Passing this, I wish io traverse some of his statements. Here is one of them-' Now Mr Editor. hear how Mr G. perverts Numbers, xxii. 22, 32.' I gave these verses as they are in the revised version. as any of your readers can see by turning them up, and showed that in both verses the angel of the Lord is stated to be a Satan or as it reads there, an adver- nsry. Even in the aurhorised version, the words-' to withstand thee,' is put in the margin-Heb. to be an adversary unto thee. Mr Breen all through this discussion quotes from the Donay Bible, and it must often have been a puzzle to those of your readers, other than Rnman Catholics, to find his references were either not in the Bible. or that his quotations were wrong. for many of them were to the Ap cryiphal books, which have no value with protestants. I will not re. taliate by saying it is Mr B. who is perverting the scriptures, neither do I charge him with hypocrisy, which he so liberally credits to me. for I do not doubt his honesty in defend. ing what be has been taught to believe as beingthe inspired word of God. Nevertheless, the Danay, is the least reliable of the translations of mordern times; the New Testament portion of it was published in 1582 at Bheime, in France, by some Erglish Roman Catholic exiles. who rendered it into English from the vulgate. and who in 1609 made a similiar translation of the Old Testa. ment at Dosay. These form the present Donny Bible including the Apocrypha. It is from a foot.note from this version, Mr Breen quotes, when he writes that Bishop Tonstel noted not less than 2000 corrup tions in Tyndal's translation of the New Testament, and to give zest to this slur, adds-' It is a very great pity your old friend Tyndale, the martyr, was not over at the Tyers to assist you, you would ston have the bible to suit yourselves.' In order to show what reliance can be placed on Tunste's opinion I will let Mr. Breen and your readers know a little about both he (Tonstel) and William Tyndale, and they can form what verdict they choose. This Tenstel, as Mr. B. calls him, was Cathbert Tonstal, Roman Catholic Bishop of London, who used every effort possible to prevent the circulation of Tyndal's translation in England. To show how he went about it, I transcribe a page from a book recently published-' How we grot oar Bible,' by J. Patterson Smyth, pubhlshed by Bagater and Sons. t It was quite elear that they could not hinder the entrance of the book into England, and then a brilliant thought occurred to the Bishop of London. He sought out Augustine Packington. a merchant trading to Antwerp, and asked his opinion about the boying up of all the copies across the water. - My lord' replied Packington, who was a secret friend of Tyndale, ' if it be your pleasure I could do in this matter probably more than any iercheant in England; so if it be your lordshin's pleasure to pay for them-for I must disburse money for them. I will insure you to have every book that remains unsold.' 'Gentle Master Prckington, said the bishop, ao your dilligence and get them for me, and I will gladly give you whatever they may cost, for the books are naughty, and I intend surelr to destroy them all, and to burn them at St Paul's Cross.' A few weeks later Packineton sought the translator whose funds he knew were at a low ebb. * Master Tyndale,' he said, ' I have found you a good purchaser for your books.' ' Who is he T' asked Tyndale. SMIv Lord of London.' * But if the Bishop wants the books it most be only Coburn them.' , Well.' was the reply, ' what of that 1 The bishop will hobrn them anyhow, and it is best thet you shounld bare the money for the enabling you to imprint others instead.' And so the bargain was made. The bishop had the hooks. Pockinzton had the thanks, and Tynda:e had the money. I am the gladder,' quoth Tyndale, ' for these two tenefits shall come thereof. I shall get money to get myself out of debt, and the whole world will cry out against the burning of God's Word, and the overplns of the money that shall remain with me shall make me more studious to correct the said New Testament, and so newly to imprint the same once again, and I trust the second will be much better than ever was the irst.' The chronicler (Halle) who relates the story goes on to tell that-' After this Tyndale corrected the same Testaments again, and canused them to be newly imprinted. so that they came thick and threefold into England. The bishops sent for Packington again, and asked how the Testaments were still so abundant. ' My lord' replied the merchant ' it were best for your lordship to buy up the stamps too by the which they are imprinted.' It is with evident enjoyment that the old chronicler presents to os another scene as a sequel to the story. A prisoner, a suspected heretic named Constantine, wasbeing tried a few months later before Sir Thomas Moore. ' Now Constantine,' said the judge, 'I wonld have thee to be plain with me in one thing that I shall ask, and I promise thee I will show thee favour in all other things whereof than art accused. There are beyond the sea Tyndale, Joye, and a great many of you; I know they cannot live without help. There must be some that help and succour them with money, and thou, being one of them, hadst thy part thereof, and therefore knowest from whence it come. I pray thee, tell me who they be that help thee thus.' ' My lord,' quoth Constantine, ' I will tell thee truly, it is the Bishop of London that hath bolpen ous, for he hath bestowed among us a great deal of money upon New Testa ments to born them, and that hath been our chief succoor and comfort.' ' Now by my troth,' quoth Sir Thomas Moore, I think even the same, for I told the bishops this much before he went about it.' - The opponents of the book began at last to see that a printed Testament continually being produced was quite beyond their power to destroy. Bishop Tonstal profited by his leson, and instead of buying and burning the book any longer, he preached a famnus sermon at Paul's cross, declaring its ' nauebti ness' and asserting that he himself had found in it more than two thousand errors; and at the close of his sermon he hurled the copy which he held into a great fire that blazed before him. Tynds e indignantly replied to this attack ; and certainly his opponent does not show to advantage in the argument, his sweeping charge narrowing itself down at the last, to the mistranslation of half a dozen words. ' There is not so much as one i therein' says Tyndale, if it lack the little over its head, but they have noted and number it to the ignorant people for a heresy.' Bishop Tonstal and other enemies were able by the aid of treachery to compass the death of William Tyndale, for on Friday, the 6th of October, 1534, he was burned to ashes at the stake. Canon Weste.,tt (list. Bible) quotes an interesting account of Tndale's work at Worms, from the diary of a German scholar, who was a visitor there in 1526, and who describes Tyndale as so complete a master of Hebrew. Greek, Latin, Italian, Spanish, English and French-that you would fancy that which ever he spoke in was his native tongue. Fronde in his history of England passes a high eclogium on Tyndale. Three years after Tyndale was martyred. Henry viii. King of England, who had thrown off the authority of the Pope If Rome, garehis sanction to the introducting into his kingdom of what is known as the Great Bible, published by Miles Coverdale. On its title-page appeared the names of two of T'nda'e's bitter enemies, one being Cuthbert Tonstal, certifying that "it wos oversene and perused at the com. mandment of the King's hiehness.' When we read of the testament measured out by the clergy in these dark ages to men who witnessed against their false teaching, or whose only crime was having in their possession the Holy Scriptures. the conviction forces itself on the mind, that the erroneous views of God held by the clergy, were mainly accountable for it. When men could calmly contemplate the just and mercifol Creator consigning to unspeakable horrors in burning flame, creatures *o whom lie had civen existence, and by the fiat of His will endowed with immortality, is it any wonder that those who believed themselves His servants, to condemn to fire and faggot, those whom they called heretics ? Were it not that we are enjoying civil and religions liberty in these days, no better fate would be meted onut to me. as the tone of Andrew Breen's last letter indicates. Mr B. has developed an extraordinary style, by the way he refers to passages of serioture, without any applicability to the subject they purport to support. For instance-he has a paragraph with the heading, Soul or Sirit with a number of t-xts, not one of them having any reference to soul. It is very remarkable how current theology has assumed these two words to be synonymous. The writersof the Bible never so confound them. Soul in Hebrew is -epiherA and in Greek Ptuehe ; while spirit in Hebrew is Reack, and in Greek Paeuma. ' Ruach occurs in the Old Testament 400 times, and is rendered spirit 240 times; breath, 28 times; wind, 95 times ; mind, 6 times , and the balance 18 different ways. The Greek wrrd pneuma occurs 385 times, and like raael of the Old Testament, has four sicnifications :--. It reDresents primarily the air we breathe ; 2. It denotes a being, as angels ; 3. It represents an influence from a being; 4. It indicates a state of feeling. It is believed that there is not a passage where these words rendered spirit occur, bat what may be classified under one of these significations. Like the wort psace neither roachnorpaenma are ever once connected with words which indicate that at is deathless, never dyingr, or im mortal,' (except where they refer to Deity) Emphatic Diaglott Yet Mr. B. in apparent seriousness, gives texts where pnenma occurs in itsdifferentsirnifications to prove his belief in the immortality of human siouls. Mr Breen says-' 1 think Mr. G. will concede that God is an immortal soirit.' Why, my contention has been that GoI only has immortality, i. Tim. vi, 18, but has given the same to His Son, by the resurrection from the dead, Romans I, 4 and which he gave previously in promise, John vr, 26. In quoting from the epistle of James ii, 26. he says-' This text shows that it is the spirit that gives the body vitality.' It is qu'te a pleasure to find myself in agreement for once with Mr. B.; he has unconsciously hit the right nail on the head this time. The lifeless body of Adam became vital, or as it reads, a living soul, aephesk ehagiah after it received the breath of live, and so also isit affirmed in the bible of all the lower animal n:estion. See Genesis vii, 15, 22. The apost.'e Paul is careful to define soul and spirit correctly, when in Corinthians xv. It is sown a soulish (or animal) boiy, it is raised a spiritual body.' He is also careful to showthis spiritual body is dependent upon resurrrection for its existerce, when faithful believers in Christ who have been' begotten by incorruptible seed, through the word bf God, i. Peter i. 23 (revised version) are 'born of the spirit, horn from above,' John iii, 3, 7. So also in Heb. iv, 12, the apostle declares that God's word draws a sharp line between the soul state and the spirit state. tMr. Breen, in making reference toLuke xxir. 39, as proving the immateriality of the soul, strangely refutes his own theory. When the Lord Jeans Christ, after His resurrection appeared to the disciples in His inciarru?tible or spirit body, they were afraid..Why? Because they supposed (as on a former occasion, when they .saw Jesus- walking on the sea, (M3ark ri, 49) that they -had en an apparition. Griesbach so his edition of the original text, shows that the word rendered spirit in these two places, is not py ruma, but phasntnam, as illusion of the brain, a phantom. Christ's words bear this out. He was in His spirit natnre as corporeal, as aubstantial as Jacob found a spirit to be, when he wrestled with the Angel. (Genesis, xxxii, 2t.) I will bring this letter to a clme by demurring to Mr Breen's statement where he says--"The four Evangelists all agree that Christ tave up the ghost.' In the eonay Bible the English translatorsof the Vulgate, -h ich is avery imprtfect Latin rendering of the Greek M.S. make it appear so, but in our revised edition the translators hare instructed as to substitute'spirit' for the obsolete anelo-- axon word ghost. and the American Bible Union Society give instead He expired.' Yosrs etc. A. L. GALBRAITH. Tyers, August 25th, 1895. 