IVfEN O F M U S C L E . GIANTS THAT HATE FIGURED IN" THE j , . „ ,T.. ! Cf the wonderful athletes of nil ages, Milo . of Creton it perhapE the most known. He once ; ran a ralle with an ox on his shoulders; then, j with a blow of his fist, he killed the beast and • nie it in one dsv. The strongest man could net take from Milo a pomegranate which he held between his two fingers, although a woman he loved is said to hare done it. He could break by contracting his veins and muscles, a cord tied round his forearm. Oneday, being in a house with some pupils of Pythagoras, the ceiling threatened!» fall in, but'Milo supported the column on which it rested, thus giving his friends time to escape. His death is well known. He tried to tear asunder the tr ;:;ik: of a tree, but his hands got pinched is t;:-> u ood, and being unable to disengage ilifciD, he perished, devoured by wild beasts. Theagenc-s of Thasoa, who, with a body like that of Apolio and the strength of Hercules, surpassed all his rivals in all kinds of exercises, srcE e ver 1.400 prizes. Earybate, Chile, Euthymos, and Astydamus •woe. also renown as wonderful athletes. The strength of SamBon is too well known to need description here. The Roman Emperor Calm Julius Verus Maximuswas a marvel of str.-ag;ti, being able to squeeze the hardest stone to powder with his fingers. He was upwards of eight feet in height, and his wife's braceletxould serve him as a finger ring. Salvias, of Bome, could walk up a lad de carrying "2001b. on his shoulders, 2001b. in his hands, aud 2001b. fastened to his feet. Athanatns could run round the arena carrying 5001b. fastened to his feet. Iccufi could hold the most furious bull and tear away his horns as easily as one would pull up radishet. Scanderberg, Sing of Albania, who lived in the fifteenth century, was reputed the strongest man of his time. He was & mail of great stature, and the power of his arm. was such '•••fee Ihaagat -Bg&laji;*}^- cntting-ffife men in h&iyes; with one jangle mow of-his ireford. Francis of Tivonne. Lord of Chasliignerave, •who lived at the Court of Francis I. of France, could stop a bull by seizing it by the horns. Louis de BoufSers, who lived in ihe.sixteenth century, could break a bar of iron with his hands. The strongest man could not take from, iim a bail which he held between his thumb and first finger. WhQe standing np, with no support whatever, four strong soldiers could not move him ; he remained as firm as a rock. Sometimes he amused himself by taking on his shoulders his ovm horse, fully harnessed, and with thai heavy Ic-ad he promenaded the public square to the great delight of the inhabitants. At about the same time there lived a Spaniard earned Piedro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could be put round his wrists. He folded his arms on his chest, and ten iren polling in different directions with ropeB could not unfold them. Augustus IL, Elector of Saxony, was a man of greath strength ; he could carry a man in his open hand. One night he quietly threw out of a window a monk who paraded hiB palace, pretending to be a ghost. Augustus's eon, the famous Maurici Xarechal de Saxe, who commanded ihe Fi -at Fju^Bey, was also a marvel of strength. 1 he twisted with his fingers i a corkscrew, with whiç" ihalf a dozen bot 1 ' ; hands the stronge^ in London he I he seized Bg him in ""ewsf.," 