POLICE COURT. IN the Police Coart thia morning, Mr. A. N. Barnett, P.M., presided. A " drank" was fined in a small sam. August Beard was charged with being drunk and disorderly and using indecent language at the Sulphide street railway station. He was fined 20s., with the option of seven days in gaol for being drunk and disorderly, and 209.-in default, 14 days' im- prisonment-for the / language. The eentences were made cumulative. Tba Water Supply, limited, announces a dividend (the ninth) of 6d. per anare, pay- able on November 31. Fretwork wood; great variety. Prest and Hocking.* ¿ w An extraordinary .scene waa wit- nessed daring the early boors of the morning in the churchyard of the parish of St. John, at Hackney, recently, when folly a thousand men and women tamed oat from, their hoases in the neighborhood to hunt for a supposed ghost For a time people passing tbroagh the charch- yard late at night have been startled by the appearance of "a ghost." Women have fainted with fright, and the local newspapers have pub- lished acopante of the strange affair. Between 10 and ll o'clock in the night a mixed crowd began to assemble at the rear of the church where rt the ghost" was supposed to be, and where in the usual way scarcely anyone passsed after about ll o'clock. A long wait till midnight, and then, as no ghost appeared, the crowd went in search of it. Armed with lanterns and candles, and carrying sticks and stones, the crowd climbed the railings from the pathway«, and took possession of the burial ground. Graves and tombstones were clambered over, and recently restored mounds were trampled down. A portion of the crowd looked upon the whole affair as a joke, and consequently every few minutes the cry wa? raised of " There it goes!" and immediately the whole crowd rushed in the direction indicated. O thers amused themselves by makins: the night hideous with imitations of un- earthly cries, and although the police "were requisitioned to clear the place, it was not until the verge of daylight that the last few stragglers went away. The damage to the graves was very great", and efforts will be made to pre- vent any farther demonstration. Many complaints were made by those present of having their pookete picked. Take Gneat'i glycérine oongh linctoa for ooogha and colds, aathma, bronchi ti«. It ia well tried and reliable remedy À From all chemista ' 