FICOTION. "GCLADYS." ; By M. M?. B. PART I. A lovely morning in spring, when you seem to see the trees growing and the flowers opening to the sun-all nature is so bright around that you always feel a reflection of its warmth in your heart, and a song of thanks giving rises to your lips, for the fact of life, and the blessing of good health to enjoy it. A garden lies before us, sloping gradually to the river, and filled with all the sweetest perfumes of bud and blossom-an old-fashioned garden where the Lent lilies bent their graceful heads, and the tall narcissi shared the honours with monthly roses. A pretty house, of the cottage type, though built with plenty of space at command, and showing outhouses and stabling in its rear, bespoke the inhabitants to be sufficiently blessed with ibis world's goods to live in comfort, at any rate, if not in absolute luxury. Seated under a spreading sycamore, with some dainty embroidery in her hand, was a girl of surpassing grace and beauty; one glance at the pure oval of her face, at the deep grey of her eyes, and the golden brown of her hair, " sunning over with curls," to say nothing of her supple figure and taper hands and feet, and you would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeed a fact, that Beatrice Conway had been " the beauty," par excellence, of the last three seasons. There was, however, a tinge of ,melancholy in the wistful droop of her rosy lips, which suggested the fact, that though an heiress, as well as a beauty, she was not entirely happy or free from care. Flitting about from shrub to bush, and from blossom to berry, as fancy alone dictated. and gradually filling the basket she carried in her hand with all the spoils of the garden, was another girl. The two were much alike, but thn one was younger, brighter, fairer, and evidently happier than her cousin, for such was the degree of relationship between the two. Beatrice, the elder cousin, was the wner of the pretty cottage,where also dwelt her aunt and cousin Gladys. An almost sisterly affection existed be tween the two girls. Up to the present moment Gladys had been the chief spokeswoman, but the conversation had been somewhat desultory and interrupted, owing to the fact that she always found it diffi cult to remain long in one place, and gathering ilowers affbrded a splendid exercise for perpetual motion. Now, however, she came and settled herself on the grass at her cousin's feet, and with a little sigh of content began to arrange her spoils. Beatrice continued the conversa tion as if no interruption had taken place. 'It is all very fine for you to talk, Gladys, just because you happen to be engaged to the best fellow in the world - the best " catch" of the season-a handsome man, and one who. beside all those advantages, is as madly in love with you, little cousin, as if these were the days of chivalry, and you were an enchanted princess in a moated castle. He has only one serious fault that I know of, and there's no denying that he is fright fully, unreasonably jealous.' 'It's the only thing that prevents our love story being as common place as a cook's or housemaids,' pouted Gladiys, 'but I am always hoping that something may turn up to arouse his jealousy, but you know,' confidentially, "and with a quaint little sigh, 'I'm so dreadfully in love with him that I don't think it ever can, for, Beatrice, I'm sure I could never give him even the slightest cause--' 'Oh, jealous people don't wait for cause,' interrupted her cousin; but I trust you will never find this out, Gladys.' 'I don't mean to deny that I'm a very lucky girl,' continued Gladys, as if she had not heard, or, at any rate, heeded the interruption, and holding up a bunch of creamy roses to see how they harmonised with her cousin's dress, and fastening them in her brooch in a kind of parenthesis, 'or that Claude is rot the best and dearest fellow in the world, beside being, I know, quite too good for me; but I am sure, Trixy,' coaxingly look ing up into the elder girl's face to try to get her to agree, 'it would have been much wiser and much more romantic if he had happened to be an artist, and worn a velveteen coat, and ' Yes,' laughingly, ' yes, my dear coz, much more romantic, but not one half so convenient. It was because my lover, Denzil de Lisle, was poor, that Aunt Catherine forced me to reject him. Don't ever think, Gladys my dear,' speaking very tenderly, 'that the most romantic surroundings can ever reconcile you to say good-by to one whom you truly love. I shall never forget Denzil, and if only I could see him once again I could then die hapijily.' ' Nonsense, love,' said Gladys, put ting her arms round her cousin, and kissing her affectionately, 'don't talk about dying in this glorious weather; let's think of something happy and bright, like the sunshine,' gathering all the flowers into a big bunch. ' Claude said he'd be down about twelve, and I take us both up theriverfishing. Yes, Trix, as you say, I'm a lucky girl, and after hearing your sad romance. I don't think I shall ever want one of my own; but, still, you must allow that poverty-mind, poverty without rags, I distinctly object to rags poverty is so much more romantic than having all the luxuries of life and a few over. ' My dear Gladys, I trust you will always have them ; you were made for the sunshine. I can't imagine you with a great sorrow, or even a great love, although doubtless you'll go through life quite respectably without either.' This was said in a joking manner, but when Beatrice saw the rosebud mouth beginning to pout and the brown eyes fill with tears, she drew her cousin tenderly to her side, and finished in quite a serious manner. 'Gladys, darling, whenever I look at your bright face and think of your happiness, I always feel so thankful you are able to marry the first man you ever cared for, who is in every way worthy of you-you musn't mind me, dear. You will understand now why 1 am sometimes sad and melan choly. I am going into the house; shall I bring your hat, dear ? ' 'Yes, or a sunshade, or something to keep one from being burnt black as a crow.' ' That wouldn't be at all romantic, would it, Gladys ?' 'No,' with a merry laugh,'not at all and I don't think Claude would like a blackamoor for a wife, dear Trixy,' watching the graceful figure till she disappeared into the cottage. 'Well,I don't wonder at men falling in love with Beatrice, I should myself ; it's quite a delight to me to watch her face, and I'm not a man, or I suppose it would be more so. I'm quite proud to he her cousin, and for people to pretend that they see a f mily like ness between us is certainly very amusing. I would do anything in the world for her-only I'm awfully glad Claude didn't like her best, because I don't think I could give him up, even to Beatrice. But,' with a puzzled look, 'if he had liked her best, I don't suppose I should have had anything to do with it. Well,' with a shake of the head, 'I don't know anything about that;all I know is, that it would break my heart to part with him. Now, if he had been poor, I could have proved my devotion by-' But the rest of her meditations were cut short by a hand being laid over her eyes. With a little shriek of pretended dismay, Gladys jumped up, scattering her flowers to right and left. Her face looked very rosy as she hastily released herself and stooped to pick up the blossoms, exclaiming in tragic tones 'Oh, Claude, how you frightened me !' ' Frightened you, sweetheart ? Why, what a clumsy brute I must be. But there, never mind those flowers, Lady bird, I'll take good care nobody else frightens you while I am here.' He took her in his arms and bestowed a dozen kisses on her lips. He is a stalwart figure, of six feet one or two, clad in the lightest of tweed suits. His big blonde beard and flaxen hair shone like threads of gold in the sunshine. His blue eyes rested with deep love and admiration on the dainty figure he held in his arms." After a few minutes given to lover like demonstration he seated himself on the grass beneath the shady tree, and drew Gladys down by his side, possessing himself of one small hand. 'And now tell me what you were Stalking about when I came.' SGladys blushed a sudden fiery red a as she recollected the wish that was on her lips. r 'Talking ! Was I talking ? What I did Isay?' S 'Well, I only heard part of a sentence, it was this: "I could have a proven my devotion by-" a 'Oh,' with a nervous little laugh, ', 'I suppose I was rehearsing a speech for our private theatricals, e Claude.' r ' Private theatricals, indeed ! Now Slook here, Gladys,' in a very , masterful tone, ' I won't have you i talking about your devotion to any a other fellow but me. How do I ;know if you talk about it but what \- you may feel it, and then,' lugu Y briously, 'what is to become of me ? C No, no, sweetheart, talk as much about devotion to me as you please, I Sam open to as many confidences on Sthat subject as you like to make, so fire away, I'm ready. ' Nonsense, Claude,' said Gladys, laughing in spite of herself, 'as if one could make love to order, like a dress, or a coat, or boots.' 'Well, nonsense or not, private theatricals are the very mischief and put nonsenseinto girls' heads. Ihate all such exhibitions !' 'But, Claude, you know its for a char-ty, and you know--' ' Charity be hanged I Charity should I begin at home, and I believe - it's vanity that makes all you women 1 so ready to exhibit yourselves to be I stared at at so much a head, under the I guise of charity. You'd think it precious hard lines if you'd got to do it i for a living.' 'Now don't be disagreeable, you know Beatrice has promised, and you I know all the places are booked at 1 double prices to see the lovely Miss Cameron, the beauty of the last three i seasons, in all the latest confections I that Worth has promised to send for the occasion--' ' All well and good if Beatrice likes to do it, and her aunt, your mother I mean, sees no objection, but recollect you are my property now,' looking at her with proud possession written on every feature of his handsome, manly face. ' And I won't have other fellows staring as you, and talking about you -discussing yog, as if you were a piece of statuary, or the last new picture. Now don't look so disappointed,darling; I can't bear to see that dew on my rose,'kissingaway the tears whicb rolled down her cheeks like twin diamonds. 'Listen, Gladys, we'll go for a long ride instead, right away ii.to the glorious country, all alone, by our two selves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. He was strangely agitated a spoke strongly on so slight acause,bht Gladys remembered for the first time since their engagement how she had heard in the early days of their ac quaintance that Claude Meredith, be fore he inherited his uncle's wealth, had been jilted by a certain lady, and how he had only then returned from his long sojourn abroad. 'Now, don't be silly, sir. I ought to be very cross with you; you never let me have my own way-not a little bit.' 'Because I know you like having my way best-now confess you do ?' 'T shan't confess anything of the kind,' said Gladys, perversely. ' Ab, but I know you do,' with a wise shake of the head. ' Well, of course, if you know, there's no more to be said.' 'Where's Beatrice?' he lazily en quired, after a slight loverlike pause. 'Oh, Claude,' she continued, in a sorrowful little voice, 'she's just been telling me the very saddest love story I ever heard; and, what is sadder still, it is every bit true.' 'iHer own?' queried Claude, more interested in picking the bits of moss from Gladys's pink dress, than in ever so pathetic a story concerning her cousin. 'Yes; that's the reason she has never married, and'-in an awe struck whisper-' she never intends to be, because she can't forget D-' At this moment a loud ring was heard, at which Claude jumped quickly up from his lazy attitude, and heaved a big sigh. ' What a nuisance! I forgot all about it, but I asked a fellow to come down to-day and go fishing with us you know, dear, it must be awfully dull for Beatrice to watch us spoon and she's very good to be so little obtrusive, but yet she must feel de trop, at any rate I know she is just one too many, so I[ thought I would get a fellow to join us, and make a quartet instead of a trio, or rather a couple of duets- don't you think it is a good idea, pet ?' ' Oh, capital ! Only it's no good; Beatrice will never love again.' ' Well, at any rate, Denzil will entertain her; he's the best fellow in the world-only came back from India last week. I ran up against him in Bond-street last night; we were delighted to meet again- we used to be the greatest chums in the world, Denail and I' 'Denzil! What a pretty name; it sounds strangely famihar,' murmured Gladys. 'What's his other name ' ' De Lisle-Denzil de Lisle. Why, Gladys, what is the matter?' for Gladys had sprung tb her feet as if by an electric shock, and now stood look ing, flushed and eager, at her tall lover. S'What name? Say it again, Claude,' clutching at his arm as he was turning aside. ' Denzil de Lisle. Do you know him P'-this latter in quick, suspi cious tone. ' Why how odd you look I' ' Do I?' laughing nervously. No, I don't know him-I have heard the name-nothing more.' 'I don't understand; what do you mean ?' laying a detaining hand on her shoulder. ' Nothing,' disengaging herself Let me go. I will be back directly. I must tell Beatrice; with which series of words, jerked out one after the other, she fairly took to her heels and ran to the house, leaving Claude loking after her in angry amazement. HIe made a step to follow her, but thought better of it, and took out his cigar case, lit a fusee, tried to quiet his impatience with the soothing in fluence ofa picked Havana. The fol lowing sentences broke from him between the puffs of his cigar: 'I never saw Gladys so odd before. Now, if I were a jealous kind of fellow -I repeat, if I were a jealous,' this last was very emphatic, accompanied by kicking a small pebble into the river, ' I should swear this was some old lover of hers ; but it can't be. I'll never believe my Gladys, my little white dove, could so deceive me.' Here he took a quick walk along the miniature terrace which overhung the river. 'No, I don't believe it, and yet,how else account for her sudden agitation ht the mention of Denzil's name? it was that which so affected her, I'll swear-ah, here comes the fellow him self; I'll tackle him;" going to meet him. ' He's deuced good- looking, quite one's beau ideal of an officer and a gentleman. Ah, my dear fellow,' as the two men met and cordially shook hands, you've found us out. The girls will be very glad to see you. What a jolly day for a row, isn't it ?' 'Yes, grand; but I'm afraid the fish won't bite ; the sun's too bright.' 'Oh, the fish are only an excuse. There's one of the prettiest girls in the world to spoon. Oh,- you needn't shake your head and try to look solemn; wait till you've seen her. I'm sure Mrs Conway-' 'Conway !' interrupted the other man quickly. Did you say Conway ?' Claude's face grew somewhat shadowed as he answered, ' Yes. Do you know her ?' I knew Mrs Conway once-a very pretty girl. Has she a daughter I' 'Oh, yes; eagerly. Gladys is-' 'That name-it must be the same.' He turned to Claude and holding out his hand, said, '.Do you know I have searched everywhere for that girl for the last two years, but have been unable to hear of her ? Lady Cathe rine Lennox is her aunt.' 'She was-didn't you know that she is dead ? But, tell me, old fellow, what do you know of Gladys ? Where did you see her ? When?' 'She is the only woman I ever loved,' rejoined the other. 'I love her still, though Heaven knows she treated me scandalously. We were everywhere together for a month. I followed her like her own shadow she smiled but on me, though then I was poor,and she snubbed others, men who were rich and titled-' ' Gladys, are you sure it was Gladys Conway 1' ' Sure. Do I know my own face in the glass ? Not better than I knew hers. Why, man, though I have not seen her for so long, put but a pencil in my hand, and I will draw her face, feature for feature, and line for line, as fair as it was false. She fooled me to the top of my bent, and I was mad enough to think she loved me, when in the spring sunshine she pressed her lips to mine and told me that nothing but death should part us ; and then that very evening to write the cruel words she did, saying she was already pledged to Hugo Bankside, that I must forget her ; we had been very foolish, but it was essential that she should make a wealthy marriage. I cursed her in my heart, and left London that night, England the next week, and only returned from India the day before I met you in Bond-street. I had just learned that Bankside is still unmarried, and I made up my mind that I would search for Gladys and hear the explanation of the seeming mystery from her lips alone; and now you tell me that she is here, and still unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at the thought of seeing her so soon, with the hope that yet she may be mine. Ah, I felt she could 1 never have been so cruel, so false. I 1 always knew there must have 1 been some strange mistake, some-' ' Yes, as you say, there had been Ssome mistake, but you must excuse me I --so sorry-just recollect a most im portant engagement-you will wait here and see her. Gladys, Miss Con t way-give that to her, I must be offat Sonce.' During these disjointed sentences, Claude had scribbled a few lines in r his pocket-book and then torn out the Sleaf ; he hurriedly folded and handed it to Major de Lisle, who observed, 1for the first time, the exceeding pallor of his face. ' Are you ill, old man? You look Sas if you had seen a ghost.' 'No, all right, thanks, it's only the shadow fiom the trees:;' with a faint Slaugh ;' see you again soon. Good Sby.' And with quick, decided steps, he was gone. 'Really, that is too good of him, to Smake himself scarce like this, good old Sfellow, but I fancied from a word or two that he dropped the other day, Sthat I was to be introduced this morn Sing to the future Mrsl Meredith, but I suppose I was mistaken. Well, I'm awfully obliged to him, anyhow, to £give me a chance of seeing her like this. I wish she would come, and yet, SI dread to think of it, if I should be amistaken again. Ah, my darling, I 3 did not know how entirely I loved you till the thought of seeing you again has so unnerved me; but I must not meet her with a gloomy face. Ah, here she comes!' And the strong man actually trembled with suppressed excitement, but the light footsteps he had heard was only Gladys, who felt slightly dis contented to find a stranger there,and no sign of Claude whatever. She ad vanced, however, in her pretty flutter ing way,and held out a tiny hand,which Major de Lisle took and cordially pressed, for although this was not the rose, doubtless she had been near her. ' Major de Lisle, I presume ?' said Gladys, in her bright young voice.and as she sBoke she could not help think ing what a goodly man this lover of her cousin's was. IHe was tall and slight, with a well proportioned and well built frame, which looked remarakblyenduring. The face was that of a man who had thought and suffered; clear olive skin, and waving dark brown hair, and heavy, drooping moustache, kindly, deep brown eyes, that women, little children, and animals always trusted at first sight. A clear, mellow voice replied to Glady's question, whilst a smiling light came into his dark eyes. 'Yes, that is my name. I came here by Claude Meredith's invitatibn, and now as he has been unexpectedly re-called to town I must introduce myself. He left this note for Miss Conway.' (To be co?tninueZ.) 