WOMEN'S RIGHTS J Mrs. Lynn Linton's new novel I, -' In Haste and at Leisure" is in the main an exposition of how exceedingly objectionable a set of women can make themselves when they assume to themselves a position of independent self-assertion, and freedom from the restraints by which society has by custom surrounded the sex they represent. The authoress has not undertaken her task of explaining the woman's rights movement as one of its champions. She, on the contrary, expatiates on the least womanly side of it, and hardly gives it credit for some of the reasonableness which is to be found in certain advocates of the question. Female clubs especially come under Mrs. Lynn Linton's whip. Phoebe, the heroine, belongs to one of these feminine aping of masculinity. " She had come to it as a girl," says the authoress, " discontented and ambitious truly, but still possessed of some lingering modestiCB, some faint survivals of principle, which might have been educated to good. She left it as a woman, from whom has fallen the last remnant of restraining fear-the last consciousness or dread, of shame. She knew neither fear nor shame. Modesty was an far removed from hmas dread of ghosts or better to fairy tales. She had retained the thing called broadly, virtue, but all that goes to make up that quality she had lost, and between her and the confessed outsiders the line of demarcation was simply one of fact, not of essence." This is the creature who is at work regenerating the world for the benefit of her sex. The picture of her as she appeared on the platform is also worth giving, " Her gown was of soft, flesh-coloured ailkcnstuiT, fitting as perfectly as if it had been a second skin, so that you scarcely knew which was flesh and which was silken stuff, and where the one ended and the other began. Not an ornament of any kind broke the lines which this liquefaction of her clothes' expressed as clearly as if she had been dressed in the North-girl's famous net. Arms, neck, and bust were bare, and gleaming white and warm in the strong, yet artistically shaded light thrown on the platform. Her hair, powdered with gold dust, glistened like gold, and was of the same colour. Her superb eyes were blackened round the lids. The handsome mouth-handsome for all that it was somewhat coarse and over-fleshy-glowed like a burning red pomegranate flower. Her voice filled the hall as if it had been a silver trumpet "-and so on. The plot of the book, which will interest those who like the subject, and its many ramifications, is subsidiary to the political theme, but it suffices to show how two young lives, injudiciously thrown together before they know how rightly to mould their own destinies, may be shipwrecked in sight of port, or be so damaged as to make the rest of the voyage utter weariness, Mrs. Lynn Linton acknowledges having completed this novel three years ago that is, perhaps, why some of it is so evidently out of date. t "In Haste and at Leisure"; a novel, by E. Lynn Linton. London, William Heinemann. Hobart, all booksellers, price 3s. 6d. 