NEWS OF THE WORLD. The list of daily papers published in Japan now comprises over 400. In time of war France puts 370 out of every 1,000 of her population in the field; Germany, 310; Russia, 210. Denmark's oldest minister of religion recently died at 90 years of age. The Baltic Canal cost ,£8,000,000. It is 61 i miles long. Disraeli bought Suez Canal shares for J£4y000,000. Present value, ^£19,000,000. Harriet Beeeher Stowe is said to have developed in her old age a detestation of all reference to lier book " Uncle Tom's Cabin." The expense of carting away the snow in Berlin this year has reached one million marks. To oblige a Melbourne tailor and his customer, a visitor to Tasmania took a suit of clothes with him. He was fined .£25. The Swiss Government made a profit of about .£200,000 last year on its monopoly in spirits. A railway station has been opened at Gehenna. This is the place where for ages fires were kept perpetually burning for the consumption ot the ofl'al of Jerusalem. Hear liaka, according to news from Odessa, a new rich naptha spring has been discovered, supplying daily about 15,000 ton. They hare in France invented an adver tising tricycle, which prints any set motto or design, in bold character, on the street flags or pavement. A German student, wrestling with the English language, is said to have rendered a text as follows:—" The ghost is willing, but the meat is feeble." Figures by experts in vital statistics prove not less than 5,847,500,000 human beings die in the whole world during one century. The culture of the vine has in the last 20 years made great progress in some parts of Russia, especially in Bessarabia, the Caucasus and the Crimea. The British Museum Library contains over 2,000,000 volumes, which are stored away upon 30 miles of shelving and in 6,000 presses. Dr. Patrick Moran, Roman Catholic Bis hop of Dunedin, New Zealand, has died ; aged 72 years. He was born in County Wicklow, Ireland. Wives are bought, and sold in China. Twenty years ago the average price was £5. Now it is .£50, and parents realising that there is a fortune in a family of daughter's strangle fewer of their female. children at birth. Honey from Palestine is now finding its way into the English markets, and is likely to be as popular before long as the Jaffa oranges are now. The Imperial Government have been defeated on the question of military expen ds ure, and intend to appeal to the country. It is alleged that the War Department is not as efficient as it should be. The London Count}' Council spent JES,000 a year ago to extinguish a licence near Leicester Square, but the justices have granted a licence for a new building ou almost the same site. Four thousand five hundred pounds was recently paid in London by a countess for a pair of shoes. Two hundred pounds is quite a common figure for the pedal part of a marriage trousseau. Diamonds may be black as well as white, and some are blue, red, brown, yellow, green, pink and orange ; but there is no violet diamond, although in addition to amethysts, there are sapphires, rubies, and garnets of that color. There is weeping and gnashing of teeth in the carriage trade in England just now. It is said that amongst those who have ordered second-band vehicles within the last month is the first lady in the land. Very few now order absolutely new broughams or Victorias. During a bull fight in Barcelona one of the animals jumped over the barriers amongst the spectators, causing a panic. A shot fired at the bull passed through its body and killed one of the spectators! A French professor of languages died from starvation the other day in London. Owing to ill health he aud his wife had to subsist on 6d. or 8d. a day, which was all the latter could earn. A great photographic camera for talcing full-length life-size port raits has been made and used with much success by a London firm. The camera takes a plate 7 i'eet high and 3 feet wide. C Cargey, one of the largest wine mer chants in San Francisco, has received per mission to conduct wine in subterranean pipes from one of liis two warehouses to the other, a distance of half-a-mile. A terrible occurrence is reported from Yorkshire. While operations were in pro gress at the ironworks at Redcar 14 boilers, which were undergoing the usual test, suddenly exploded, aud the yard was at once covered with boiling water 3 ft. deep. Of the men employed, in the yard nine were scalded to death and twenty seriously injured. 'J'lius the Port Piric Standard,:—The local fire brigade has had two eaUs during1 the past week. In one instance a chimney was on fire, the other some rubbish was burning. It is unnecessary to say that the brigade turned out smartly. A San Fraucisco girl, disappointed in love years ago, has built a cabin in the woods on the Upper Salmon river and lives there alone. She is an expert hunter, and has raised a pair of grizzly bears, which are very affectionate towards her. The Duke of Cambridge has resigned his position as Commander-in-Chief of the British Army and Sir Garnet Wolseley has beeu appointed. He deserved the position. The duke was a mere figure-head, and bad at that; Sir Garnet is a practical, skilful, hard-working officer. A peculiar ghost story comes from Singleton, Sew South "Wales. Some years ago a man, Victory, was said to have dis appeared, and foul play was suspected. Lately strange lights and apparitions have been seen, and one well-known resident, it is said, actually met a ghost and tried to tap it on the shoulder. He failed, however, his hand going through nothing. Additional experiments recently ma.de in the use of aluminum as soldiers' flasks and cooking utensils have been satisfactory. From a sanitary stand- point there is no danger, and the lightness of the material will give relief to the military. In the Japanese dockyard of Tategaini, near Nagasaki, the steel steamer Suma, of I l,7o0 tons, was lately launched. This is the largest ship which, since the introduc tion of JSurojiean industry, has been manu factured in Japan. It answers all the requirementsacccrdingtothe rules of Lloyd, and was finished in seven months. Japan will soon be in a position to produce steamers of any size. In 1824 W. H. Xhumniell, an Altenburg j Minister of State, was liuried m the village of Nobdeniz, in the interior of a large oak tren,[not in a coffin, hut quietly resting on a j bank cf moss. During the 70 yeais the tree has managed to close one side entirely ! and to push out an iron door on the. other 1 side. j Strong drink kills many people, who yet j never became drunkards. Dr. Eugene Tracey affirms that the wards of the Lon don hospitals are crammed full of persons suffering from the effects of strong- drink under these conditions. They have been men who have "stood their drink well, but yet have taken more than the physiological quantity." The Syndicated Chamber of Pork Butchers in Pai is are complaining that the pork sausage is too exclusively made of horse—they think pork should occasionally enter into its composition. The further ance of their ideas they wish the Govern ment to put a tax on horse-flesh as on other butchers' meat. It is certainly too late in the day to begin dictating what the pork sausages shall or shall not be made of. So long as trousers buttons are avoided all is well. In Southern Arabia they have no quali fied men, butmanyquacks. These profess to diagnose the ailments of a Bedouin woman by smelling one of tier hairs brought by her husband. For every pain no matter where they brand the patient with a red-hot iron; to relieve a person who has eaten too much fat, they will light a fire around him to melt it; to heal a wound they will plug up the nostrils of the sufferer, believing that certain scents are noxious to the sore. An amusing proposition was made to Mr. George "Tattersall" Adams in connection with the bust-up V.D.L. Bank sweep drawn under his auspices lately in Hobart. His correspondent was a Melbourne lady, who, to establish her lona fides, informed him that she was a member ot the "Wesleyan church. Her proposal was that fifty tickets should be issued to her in the lot tery, and fifty in one ot Mr. Adams's sweeps. " One of tiiese tickets," said the fair corres pondent, " will certainly win a prize, and then you can deduct the cost of the tickets from the prize. Please to be so good as to oblige in this instance," she continued, " it will benefit all round. God will bless you for it, and give, you every success in your new undertaking. Kindly try it for once, and I will ever pray for your business." Adams did not seud any tickets, but "winked the othel eve." THE DAILY USE BEFORE MEALS. Of Wolfe's Schnapps promotes a flow of gastric juice that stimulates tiiR stomach, rekindling its natural craving for food. • How old would you call Mrs. Flutter !' Hicks—' Er—well, it would all depend upon whether the lady was in hearing or not.' Clara—'He has proposed three or four times and I don't know whether to accept him or not.' Maud—"I would. Suppose he should stop." ' Oh, I aui awfully worried. I walk in my sleej).' * I only wish I could do it. If I could I'd still have my job on the police force.' 