BY n. BANDER. It was uot so many years ago lliat I shipped as second mate aboard tile clipper Tamar l’rom Glasgow to ’Frisco with a general eargo.Tlie.v signed me on at the last moment, the other man < having been taken by the police for (luad-gaui.v, as the skipper was pleased to term it. My predecessor appeared to be an admirer of matrimony, but like most enthusiasts his zeal carried him to excesses. A proud and happy man I was when I stopped aboard the Tamar at Dunoon, for she was a pits turn of a ship. She was my lucky ship, too; for throe years after, when she went into the port of London, I was her master, and from her I got into the company’s service. I was a gaunt, weody-looking chap, having had a rough time ashore, and. in spite of my fifteen years at sea and master's cer tificate. old Wilkins, the skipper grow led when he saw me. “If ever a. man was wanted it is aboard this ark, and they've sent me a Scotch lierring “I Itopo there is some beef in the har ness-cask that’ll soon put my weight up. sir,” I replied: at which he grunted and waddled into his cabin. My skipper’s manners were not at tractive, but bis appearance was even less so. He was heavy, Dabby, drink sodden man, and evidently bad not recovered from his drams ashore. At a glance it was easy to see the Tamar was a bad ship. The crew were a de cent-looking lot of lads, with a fan sprinkling of tough old shellbacks among them; but there was no go in the crowd. They slunk about with glum faces, they obeyed an order smartlv, but always with a glance over their shoulders. I went furrud anil found them too obsequious. The mer chant seameii are always independent aud manly, and, in spite of their ab ject appearance, can laugh. _ These men had been ill-treated, certainly not by Wilkins, for a fat drunkard is rarely a* bully. This was soon explained when Ranald, the first mate, came on board. Although lie hailed from Halifax, N.S., he was a Yankee, and had tyranli stamped oil every inch of him. He was a powerful long armed man. with a. loud voice, cold grey eyes that seemed to shoot fire from his bronzed face. His was the face of a handsome red skin, hairless, straight features—ex pressionless, yet ever alert. Strange as it may seem, he was a gentleman of refined manners, considerable culture, aud far more luxurious habits than a sea-faring man can usually indulge. Bully is hardly the term for such a man’, blit, so masterful was bis nature, that he tyrannised.over crew, captain and officers alike. He welcomed me with courtesy, and soon appreciated my seamanship; lint when it came to Imllving we disagreed. I believe in allowing men as much liberty as may be consistent with dis cipline, and like to hear a fiddle going and the lads singing furrud on a quiet night. A song as they go round the capstan, a chanty as they haul on the rope, and a good hearty laugh as often as possible doesn’t cost the owners any thing. It’s better than having men loafing about, growling under their breath like mutineers, as they did on board the Tamar. The only lad with any spirit in him was an Irish appren tice named Reilly. The chief hated him, and treated him with considerable brutality. We had words when I en couraged the men to sing; which ter minated by his refusing to discuss the discipline of his crew with a Scotch sea lawyer. When I pointed out to him that he was not skipper, the look he gave mo was unpleasant. As the skipper was generally getting drunk, or oloopijiff off Ills drink, I had charge of a watch, so rarely came in contact with Ranald when off duty. Now I’m foud of literature, and upon the rare occasions we met we had some very pleasant chats together, un til one evening a little discussion ended hotly by his refusing to accept a quo tation on the authority of an “illiterate Scotchman.” Well, I told him that we Scotchmen were the best educated people in the world; while as for Yan kees, I told him what I thought of them. And north of the Tweed, gentle men, we never forget either Injury or insult. At last, one evening down in the South Atlantic, our smoldering feud blazed forth. It was my watch, and Ranald was seated in his chair on the poop, smoking a cigar. He was dres sed in a silk sleeping suit with a hand kerchief round his throat, and as lie lounged there with half-closed eyes the sound of a jolly laugh came from a group of men by the galley. “Stop skylarking!” he shouted. it was a little thing, but there was thunder in the air. “Mr Ranald,” I said, very distinctly “when I am in charge of the deck I’ll trouble you to remember that I give orders until relieved or reduced by tho captain.” Then strolling to the poop rail I shouted: “Amuse yourselves, my lads, within reason, like freeborn Eng lishmen. and remember you’re sailing under the British flag, not the Yankee gridiron, which means more stripes than stars for seamen.” They say Scotsmen joke with difficul ty; well, that witticism cost me dear. The men laughed uneasily, but Ranald sprang from his chair in an instant, rushed into the waist and knocked the hulking lubbers about like ninepins. Then with a grim smile he sauntered up on the poop. I was tingling with rage and, as he passed to his chair, he hustled me. It was enough; one well directed blow sent him down on the deck. There was a hoarse roar of ap proval from the men in the waist. “Silencb, you cowardly blackguards!”-I cried, when Ranald flew at .me like a panther and clutched my throat. I hammered at him furiously, but he shook me as a terrier does a rat, and dragged me to the side.. I .was, like.O chUdT In Wa Iron grip, my sense* were ftat jeavlpr me, u I twisted my hands ■eoxrruI»lvely...ta hla ^neckcloth..-'-The clouds - seemed .to be falling,: the 'slur was red and filled with shooting stars. As in a dream I saw the horror-strick en faces of the men at the wheel and Reilly, with a hand-spike above his head, creeping up behind us. Half lift ing me over the taffrail, he removed his right hand from my throat and slipped It into, the breast-pocket of his shirt. I saw the knuckle-duster gleaming on his hand as he withdrew it and stepped back to get room for his blow. At that moment, through the hot, close air, an icy breath of wind struck my back and shoulders. I shivered, but Ronald stood frozen. The savage look of un controlled passion on his face had given place to one of terror. Waving his hands before him with a beseech ing gesture he staggered backwards, carrying me, hanging helplessly on to his neckcloth. Reilly dropped the hand-spike and scrambled under the after-gratings. Staggering across the ■ deck, I seized it and faced my enemy. He stood erect and motionless with his • arm drawn back as if to strike a blow, i The terror was fading from his face. , ‘Stand back,’ he cried, gradually rais ing his voice, ‘stand hack, Walter, or : . . and he struck out furiously into . space. Then he laughed deliriously, and ; turning towards me said, with a vacant 1 look in his eyes, “Did you notice the l young hoodlum? I guess he thought , to scare me. Now I reckon he just erawicu yp the side ami stood on ike tnfL'niU pointing at iru,. XIa! ha! In the same rig, too, just the same. A jersey ami slacks, only they were white. He was all white, and he stood on the taffrail pointing at me.” “His voice died away in a whisper as he turned on his heel and sank into his chair. Then every man glanced ner vously at his fellow and shuddered. Presently he struck a match, lit a cigar and glanced at us uneasily. ‘Say, Frazer,’ he said with a pleasant laugh, ‘you’ll oblige me by being more care ful. When I lose my temper I lose my head and accidents happen.’ ‘‘Very possibly,” I replied. “Would you mind taking charge of her for a few minutes';” “With pleasure.” Hastening below, I took my revolver and half-a-dozen cartridges from my locker. Standing at his side by the poop rail I loaded the chambers care fully, then, slipping it into my pocket, looked steadily at him. He returned my look with a smile. The incident was never referred to, but from that evening, like the major ity of men aboard, the first mate fre quently glanced over his shoulder. ‘‘Whenever the skipper came ou deck | ho was half sober, and found fault with everybody and everything. It was near the end of the second dog watch one gloomy evening that be came on to the poop and commenced. Ranald was in charge, and had been shortening sail, so we drew near to hear the fun. "Lot of lubbers.’—good enough for a Yankee. Call that bundle of dirty rag 1 a reefV—this ain’t a laundry.” So ho i grumbled on until Ranald cried furi- s ously: £ “Show me what's wrong, you drun- t ken swab, aud I’ll show you that an i American can right it.” t “Drunken swab, eh?” growled Wil- t kins, as he steadied himself by the rail, j and cast his eye aloft. “Waal, Mr Van- j kec, the weather earring of the mizzen c topsail is slack, and I don't call that , toggling. You can bully my crew, but j you can't do things yourself.” t “Then see if you can sail your own £ ship!” roared Ranald, and in another t moment lie was racing up the ratlines, ‘I sauntered aft with young Ericson, £ to grumble at our drunken skipper and j maniac chief. Presently Wilkins £ growled, “Umpli!” he took a hand to do j the work. “Aloft there, it doesn't want c two to tighten a lashing,” he shouted. < \- He was in a condition to sec twenty f men, instead of one, so I glanced care- ] lessly aloft. Ericson clutched my arm, 1 and wo stood thrilled by the terror of ( the unknown. Ranald had descended j to the mizzen-top and from behind the , masthead the ghost was gliding. It 1 was white from head to foot, and was ( dressed in a jersey and slacks. It . stood perfectly motionless, pointing at ; him with its right arm. Startled by : the skipper’s voice, the unfortunate : man paused. Then, seeing the spectre, ' staggered hack with an awful cry. There was a dull thud on the deck, and the mizzen-top was empty. “The deuced fool,” said the skipper with drunken imbecility. Then he added, with an insane giggle, “Any how, I owe him sixty pounds.” I rushed to the place where the man had fallen. Ericson, a Norseman, re spected the wraith. There was the buzz of eager voices furrud, and what was suspiciously like a suppressed cheer. The poor fellow groaned as I turned him over. It was indeed a ter rible fate for such a splendid man. His back was broken and his lower limbs paralysed. It was five minutes before I could get any man to come near us. At last the Cook brought brandy, and a circle of unsympathetic faces ga thered round. He groaned weakly and opened his eyes as I poured it down his throat. “Don’t move me,” he whispered. “I’ll die here all alone. Send those men for I hustled the crowd away. “ Frazer, Frazer," he cried faintly, “you stand by me. It won’t be for long. He tracked me down at last. It is always so. I treated him as I was going to treat you that night, and he climbed up the side and on the taffrail pointing at me. It was years ago, and, God knows, I’ve paid for it. Social po sition, country, family—I lost them all. Come nearer, man. Send all my papers to my brother—he mentioned a name too well known to be repeated—you can have my kit and cash. Make Wilkins pay that sixty. Now leave me, for I am dying. I’m not afraid of him, or any man, dead or alive; I never was.” Alone on the gloomy deck, with the great vault of heaven overhead, where the rising wind blew the clouds across the moou, and, striking the sails, fanned him with its cold breath, the murderer died in silence and without a fear. ***•»• The chief officer lit a fresh cheroot, id nobody spoke until Fibler was fle eted glancing over his shoulder. “ Now, Frazer, own up. Do you, a lotsman, who are the best educated lople in the world, believe in that liost ? ” “Implicitly, and I’ll toll you why. Hien he went for me that night I say was the association of ideas rought his crime suddenly back to his ilnd, which, being disturbed by pas on, distorted his thought into a “Most lucid, but as to the second appearance*? ” “Well, I had special opportunities ! for judging,” said Frazer with a twin kle in his eyes. “ Being the first man furrud I saw the ghost slide down the 1 mizen stay and scuttle into the fo’ f cstle. He also remarked ’ Begorra, ; bhoys, It’s dead he is,’ which is toler ; ably good Irish, while Ranald’s victim was an American. As a matter of f fact, while I was shouting for help, they were brushing flour oil. young \- Sbamus BeiUy, and pouring brandy ; down the imp’s throat” “ And, sir, what did you do to bring that lad to justice ?” demanded the r Chief Justice. - ; “ Well, sir, if a. man takes the law Into'., his . own hands, he can't, com " -plain-'if' he falls hr lawleos. meaits. Anyhow1 Bsushl -Wouldnot-■ He leil treated that lad brutally; for the Board' of Trade and Shipping Acts don’t go very far to sea ; so as justice occasion ally slumbers I shut my eyes. The only man who was much affected was Wilkins. The poor besotted creature got an idea into his head that he had caused the disaster, and he gave us an anxious three weeks before he had finished bis last drinking bout. After that we were not unduly troubled either by ghosts or spirits aboard the Tamar.” The anti-tobacco movement seem3 to be making progress In the United States. Fifty thousand public school boys are now numbered in the Anti Cigarette League of New York, which has been organised in all the ninety five grammar schools of the city. Sev eral of the more prominent educational Institutions seem also to be taking up ' a determined ■ attitude on tie matter. \- The President of the Ohio Wesleyan | University has Just Issued the follow lng:—"We have deolded to ask all our . students to discontinue the use of to I bacco, beginning next Fall, and if any ’■ tob&coo; users come we will have to dia | solve partnership necessarily.” 