ii Mysterious Apparition. A OHASB AFTBR THE MYSTERY, Tho Singleton correspondont of a Mel bourne paper writes as follows:— Tbo town la much excited ovor tho sup poaed appearance of a ghost, Some years ago a man naraod Vlokery, who hail In his possession a large Bum of money, is alleged to havo loft Singleton ono night for IiIb homo at Bulga, and to bavo been Boon for the last tlmu when going down to tho river noir Fawnctt'B paddocks, Ho nover readied homo, and his dlBiippcaranco up to tho present moment Is altogether unaccounted for, Blnco Vlckcry vanished there havo betin rumors of strange lights and appari tions about tho locality in which ho was last seen alive. It is said that a woll-knnwn rcaldcnt, whllo walking along tho road ono evening in tho gloaming, overtook, aB ho thought a pernonnl friend, and he tapped tills supposed friend on the shoulder, only to llnd that IiIb hand met with no resistance, but went through something unsubstantial, tho wraith of form, whloh ho tried to touch, immediately vanfshed. During the last mouth or two it la asserted that Btrango lights have beon seen' hovering about, In a pitddock near the spot which Is i aid to be haunted, and these lights make their ap pearnnco at 8.!lu p.m. On Friday night last a- party of bIx or seven! including Mr Playford and his son and. Mr Moron, ompioyecs at tho railway station, went to watch for tho light. At the hour expected a light suddenly made its nppcirnnco in a paddock nearly opposite the cemetery. When llrst seen tho light waB about tho sizi which would be emitted from a hand lantern, but different from that in appearance, being thin and diffused, without a very definite centre. It was a little above ground, and moved to wards the party ,of watchers, apparently without the aid of human agency. After it had travelled within 100 yards or bo of the observers, it Btnppnl. The watchers then began to approach tho light, when a Ngiilar ' will o* tho wisp ' cbaso com menced. As the pursuers approached the light, which had gained considerably in size, it began to retreat at a rato exactly regu lated to tho movcmontB oE the followers. If they nn, it moved very quickly, and kept pace with them. If they walked, It went at a slower rato ; if they stood still, it Btoppcd. Finally, after leading them a pretty long chase in tho paddock and by the river, the mysterious light vanished, nnd was seen no more that night. A party of over 100 people, on horse nnd on foot and in buggies, wero out last night. They watched for a long time, saw nothing, nnd most of them returned to town, but a few who remained later assert, however, that they again saw the mysterious light. 