. SHORT STORY. A Strange Adventure: -.44C- " Mother, what shall we do ". '!"As true as heaven's sky is above us, Rhoda, I don't know I" Mrs. Gordon trembled and clung to her step--sughtor with convlslive eagerness. Rhoda stood quite still, nod lifted her face towords the millions of stare that spangled the firmament above. It was a still, fisoty. aOtober night, with a frozen fragrance of dead leaves in the air, and the gibbous moon hung low on the odrge, of the horizon, sheddiug a spectral light on the bleak land. scape. Mr. Gordon hod come home late from the market that night, jingling the money in bil pockets. lie hail walked into the little winged room, where a log or two bIrned on the hearth, and a dip candle only made darkness vieible. Mrs. Gordon eat by the table darning stockinge, and Rhoda. sitting on a low. wooden stool at her feet, was read ing aloud to her from a drift of manuecript pages that lay in her lap. " At it again I" said Gordon with an in tensity of quiet malice, that sounded in his voice as plainly as it glittered from his eyes. " How many times, l'd like to know, have I forbidden this sort of thin;g 1 Ah I I under. stand. Yon didn't expret me home until midnight. You was goin' to have it all your own way. Of all crested things, I do hate and despise hypocrites. What have you got to say for yourself, el i?" dropped fre ler hand as if it had been paralysed; abhe w deadly pale ;but ithoda valiantly spoke up. " We are doing no father I" she said. "No harm I" shrilly repeated ? l. "But I say you roe doing hrrm. Youi wasting my candles, and disobeying my orders, and fooling away my time, for your time is mine, ain't it? And it ain't the first time you've done it, nor yet the second I And I ain't going to stand it, not another minute I Clear outl Get out of my house, you two women I 've warned you often enough bolrer I Now I mean to teach you what it means to disobey my com mands." "Father " cried Rhoda, "yon wouldn't turn -.us out of doors at this time of night ?" " Wouldn't I, though I" grimly retorted the knotty- featured old man. "You'll eos whether I would or not. Go I Step I" As he spoke he held the door wide open.. A draft of air rushed through the room and blew out the feeble light of the candle. And so, in the sullen, windy dark, the two women came out, to return no more. Rhoda Gordon had been miserable until her step-mother cameto othe homestead. She had longed for kinduess, sire had hungered for sympathy, she bad craved even the merest look or word of notice in that solitary house, where money-making was the Molooh which swallowed up all else. Mrs. Gordon and her step-daughter had loved each other fondly and tenderly. It was to her step. mother that Rhoda ventured to reod the cflu. nions of her active and imaginative brain, and Mrs. Gordon listened with eager ad miration and loving sympathy, to the utter rage and contempt of the farmer. "Women are made to work," said he, "not to write, I'll put a stop to this sort of nonsense, or I'll know the reason why." And this was the beginning and end of the domestic difference which had culminated in such a sorrowful tragedy. Mr. Gordon came hback into the kitchen, mixed hin glass of toddy, and went to bed. " It'll be a good lesson to 'cm," he said. And Mrs. Gordon and tRhoda gazed into each other's pale, frightened faces. " Mother, don't look no deadly white," said Ithoda, courageously. " We'll go down to the old blacksmnith',, ehn. and ind,.Al - lire these. That, at least, is my own I" (The old blackamith'a shop down the road, with the thistle.grown patch of land in its rear, had been willed to Ithoda's own mother, and thence hoad descended to her; a sorry inheritance, with its roof eaten by moaree and decay, its foundation settling with every winter. No one had occupied is for yeare, for Rhoda's means were insufli. cient to make the necessary repairs. and Mr. Gordon thad not been slow to declare that " not a shilling of his should ever be squan dered in patching up that old rat-hole I") "Let it tumble down," said he ; "and then sell the land at auction, for what it'll fetch. That's the only thing to do with the property." Dreamy as the spot was, however, it at least afforded a shelter from the chill and damp of the night; and ItRhoda was heartily glad when she had kindled a blaze of dry .sticks on the large, unused hearth, so that Mrs. Gordon could warm her marble-cold hands. "Look, mother I" she cried, fondly eorsh ing the frozen dew from Mrs. Gordon's hair; the old place is quite comfortable, now that we have managed to get the door shut. Isn't it funny, the idea of a little chestnut tree growing right across the three. hold? It seemed almost wicked to break the branches away, as I was forced to do I And by and by I'll spread my shawl over the dead leaves in the corner, and-Oh, what's that ?" It was very strange they had not seen it before, yet it certainly must have been there all the time, the figure of a little, old man, all in butternut brown, sitting by the fire. He was dressed in a quaint, old-fashioned style, with knee-breeches, and a queue down his back, and was holding his hands over the blaze with a sort of ravenous eagerness for the warmth. . IIe was so little, and so pale, and his teeth chattered so in his shrivelled head, that Rhoda's momentary in dignation died away at once. " I hope I don't intrude," said the little old man, with the deprecating falsetto of age. " But it's cold, very cold, and I haven't secn a fire here before in a quarter of a con tury." Rhoda looked hard at him. "Do you live near here, sir?" she asked. The little old man nodded. \- Very near," sid he. "I used to know your Grandfather Grupp. A bard-working man he was, and the best hand at a horse. shoe in the country round. Ah, yes I I knew him I" Mrs. Gordon pulled Rhoda's sleeve sur reptitiouely. "I think the poor, old creature is a little rcrasy," said she. ' But let him stay, let ham stay and warm himself. IIe can do no harm to any one, poor, half-famished soul I" And still the Man in Brown talked steadily on, his hands spread out over the fire. "Did he ever tell you about thebrickP" said he, "the brick that was buried under this very hearthetone ? Not a clay brick, my 'jar, but a brick of gold I Not a great, big thing, such as they put in the angle of a house, either, but a little, genteel eort of a brick, that it would make a miser's heart leap within him to handle. It was your Grand lather Grupp'a whim. IHe was a peculiar oldman, a very peculiar old man. Eh? did he ever tell you about the brick?" "I never saw him, sir," said Rhoda, timidly. " Ab, true, very true," said the little old man. "You can't always keep track of time. And it was a dead ecret about the 'brick between him and me. He had made a great deal more money than folks had any ides of, and that was his way of taking care oflit. Of course, I may depend upon yenou i-ot to mention it?" "I don't understand you, sir," said Bboda, her veins ohilled with a certain awe, and,in the same moment, the Man in Brown looked at a tarnished little silver watch which hung at hais ide. " il's late," said he," later than I had as-f idea of. Good evening, ladies, I hope 1 iaven't intruded I GJod svening l" :-It was late the neit morninc when Mrs. Gordon and Rhoda knocked at lMr. Giddingsa' hea 14ta Th1 o14 mane- tha ineare it nelgnoor 0o cue leeertea forge, turned pale. "It's Den Ilaieretraw l" said he. " Old Blon Ilaverstraw, who has been dead and buried in the little churchyard back of the forge these forty yearlI lie used to play cards with your Grandfather Gropp, Miss Rhody, many a night, after the forge was shut up. and folks auppored overybody was abed anl asleep. MIy father has described hint to me many a timeo, an odd little man, in brown clothes, with black silk stockings and knee breeches, a queue hanging down his back, and a braid of seals at his fob. Folks said he was in leagsue with the Evil One. 11 wasnr't a good associate for your Grandfather (irupp, anyhow. Yes, yes I le's been dead full forty years, and maybe longer." " But that is nonsese ?" cried Rhoda. " It was no ghost that we saw. It was a little, old.fashioned traveller, who was cold and tired, and came in for a little rest." " Did you see him come in ?" demanded Mr. Gidding. ' No," answered Rhoda. "Did yen see him go out ?" And again Rhoda and her mother were compelled to answer in the negative. He was gone. That was all they knew about it. " Ah I" said neighbor Gidding. " I thought so. S'pose we just call my son Abram and the hired man, with a crow- bar or so, and pry up that there old hearthetono 1 P'rhaps it won't do no good. Certainly, it won't do no harm !" They pried up the esunken, old l~toue, ana of gold-of solid gold, welded together as only a skilled workman in metals could have welded it I All this happened years gon. A haudeome', modern residence now stande whore once the forge lights gleamed eol!enly out upon the night, and iRhoda GUrdon-married to vhan Gidding-lives there with her step. mother.". Farmer GOorddin-ould fain have patched up a piece when his daighlter ?roame so un expectedly an heiress, but Ithoda ~abso lutely declined a treaty of any sort, whatso ever. " Mother and I suit each other," she said. " We never have suited you. Thinge are better as they are." But to this day, the wiseacres of the neighborhood can never agree about the Little Man in Brown. The idealists set the whole thing down as a well-authenticated ghost story. The practical members of society call it a dream, a fancy, a mere fig. ment of the imagination, oddly pieced on to a forgotten story. lthoda and her mother, themeives, do not know what to think: And tourists often leave the train at Grupp's Forge station, and come across the fields to look at the runken tombatone which marks the last, resting-place of Captain Benjamin Haveretraw, who died June 8, 1830, and his friend, lLeber Grupp, buried close at his side. " It's very strange,". they say. " Very strange, indeed I Really, there is no account. ing for such things." Tie wise prove, and the foolish confess by their conduct that a life of employment is the only life worth leading.-- Paley. KEEP up hope in bad times. We have the same sun and sky and stars ; the same God and heaven and truth; the same duties and the same helpers. Hope thou in God.- Dr. Goodell. "Tun chief secret of comfort lies in not suflering trifles to vex us, and in prudently cultivating our undergrowth of emall plea suree, sines very few great ones, alas I are let on long leases. - 