A Mysterious Marauder. RKPOHTS have been made to the police at Longrcach concerning the objectionable per formances of some mysterious individual who has frightened half the women of the town into hysterics. The information received has been extremely vague, but the first appear ance of the nocturnal peripatetic was in the rooms oi some of the maids in the Com mercial Hotel, who testified that during the night some stranger came to their rooms, sat for a moment at their bedsides, and glided noiselessly away after smoothing their faces with his hand. Constables were placed on the watch to capture the mysterious unknown, but instead of repeating his visit to the Com mercial he turned up in another part of the town, and according to report not a night passes without sonic of the gentle sex being aroused from peaceful slumber by the un welcome visitant. In fact, he has created quite a panic, not only among the ladies, but among their guardians of the sterner sex. He is represented as watching his opportunity to discover when the male members of a household arc absent, and then glides un noticed into the bedrooms. He attempts no violence, has no designs upon money or jewellery, but contents himself with placidly intruding his presence into a lady's chamber, and as she shrieks he disappears like a ghost. This harmless but extremely rude apparition is described bv some of the ladies as a tall thin man with a light beard; by others as a short man with a dark moustache. Husbands are earnestly entreated not to be away from their homes after dark, and if business cora palfl them to leave the domestic hearth for a few hours, loaded revolvers are placed haudy for the entertainment of the prowling visitor. One cx-military gentleman has taken from its resting place the claymore which once formed part of his equipment as an officer of Her Majesty, with injunctions to run it through the body of the first stranger appearing inside the ring fence after dark. But mortal man has not yet set eyes on the mysterious stranger; he has heard only the shrieks and the narratives of lovely woman. Bushmen had better think twice now before they indulge in strong drink, and wander about the backyards and bedrooms of hotels and private bouses, or tliey may become the targets for revolver bullets, and the sharp point of a claymore. The police have been on the lookout for the gentleman who has been giving all this trouble, but have not much expectation of finding the unknown, from the conflicting nature of the different descriptions given. Probably, in the first instance, some fellow lias been trying to frighten the girls, and if so, he has succeeded remarkably well, and deserves swift and severe retribution. The story has circulated and caused some sort of panio in houses where the women are, without tho protection of their natural guardians. Meanwhile we should advise the fair sex to look the doors of their bedrooms when they retire to rest, and look well under the bed before they blow ont tho light. 