A Wonderful Woman. , !v chapter xxvii. i>j" the Last link. ' :-,l ' Enough to send you to Newgate. That 1 whenjLord Rusyland came toyour cottage ta claim his child a year after Its mothers ; death, you gave him yours and kept his. You kept the infant Lady Cecil Clive, and gave the Earl of Rusland John Harman's I daughter. John Harman's daughter lives in luxury at Scarswood Park to-night, and Lady Cecil Clive, the real Lady Clive Is — where, Mrs. Harman? The law of England would force your story from you if I gave you over to it. I choose, however, to take the law in my own hiands. Out of this house you never go alive until you have conlessed. I T She listened to him, her face settling sullen and dark. ' I'll nev,er confess !' she exclaimed. ' Let hie go, cr I'll' vvuau. jvirs, vavasor meant to uu Henry Otis was never destined to hear. The Words seemed to freeze upon her J lips — her face "slowly blknched to the ashen hu e of death — her eyes dilated with some' great horror. Henry Otis followed her gla'nce. Old Hannah'had quitted the. room unobserved some seconds before, leaving the door ajar. Through this door, with out sound of any kind, a figure had gli ded. It stood now just within the door way, perfectly still, its eyes fixed on va cancy . It wore a dress of some white, summery stuff, its long, loose hair fell . over its shoulders, its lace was perfectly white, its eyes cold and fixed, its arms hung loose by its side. So, as in years past she had a hundred times seen Kather ine Dangerfield living, she saw her |once more to night dead. 'Look,' she whispered, in an awful voice —look !' ' Look where ?' Henry Otis repeated, stoically. ' I don't see. anything.' ' At the door!' — still in the same awful whisper. 'See — it is — Katherine Danger- field ! Look !' She turned her eyes slowly upon him for an instant ; then they moved back, as if beyond all control of hers, to the door. The spectre had vanished. And Mrs. Vavasor, with a gasping cr/( fell down fainting in a heap. Hannah re-entered the room as Mrs. Vavasor's black eyes opened to 'the light. 1 She started up — memory returning with 1 consciousness — and grasped the arm of Henry Otis. | ' Has she gone ? Her eyes went wildly ' to the door. 'Yes, I tell you I saw her — Katherine — as plainly as I veer saw her in my life. Mr. Otis, for Heaven's sake, | take me away — don't leave me, or I shall go raving mad.' I ' I shall take you away, and I shall not leave you a moment alone, ii you will . speak the truth.' She cowered down into her chair, her face hidden in her hands, and in a gasping , sort of whisper told her story, which Mr. Otis wrote down. ' I confess it all,' Mrs. Vavasor began; ' I don't know how you have found it out, but it is true, every word. I did change the children. I hated the Countess of Ruysland ; but for her I should have been Lionel Cardonnell's wife. I married John Harman, but I despised him. Poor, weak fool, I was glad when he died. She gave me money, she gave me presents, and I took them all, and hated her more every day. She wasn't happy w'th her husband — that was some comfort. She was jealous — she had a turious temper. Katherine inherited it, you may remem ber. She sh'vered as she pronounced the name. ' My baby was a month old the night she ran away from the earl in a fit of fury and came to me. That night her baby was born — a girl too, Next morning she was dead. She died in my arms, in my nnnr rnf.f. anrp wiflimit liucVvvn/-! m« fpijanr! near her. That Would have satisfied most women — it didn't satisfy me. They came and took her away. The earl told me to keep and nurse the child — who as fit as I ? I don't believe he ever looked at it. He didn't care much for his wife, but the manner of her death was a shock and a scandal. They buried her, and he went away. 'I went to live in a village some thirty miles away. I took no especial care of either of them, but they grew and thrived in spite of that. My daughter had brown eyes and flaxen hair, and was small and delicate looking — much the prettier of the two. The earl's daughter had grey eyes and brown hair, and was large for a child of two years. She had her mother's temper and her mother's will ; mine was one of the gentlest creatures that ever was born. I called the earl's daughter Kather ine,' I;called mine Cecil, as Lord Ruys land had desired his daughter to be named. I was well paid, but I grew tired to death of taking care of them and vegetating in a stupid village. I wrote to Lord Ruysland to come for his child. ' He came, and 1 gave him mine. I did not let him sec the other at all. I told him my little girl was ailing, and he took the other away totally unsuspecting. Then I s old off everything 'and went to France, taking little Kathic with me. The collision in which I was badly hurt fol lowed ; the child escaped. In the hospital Colonel Dangerfield came to see me. He thought I was poor, and I did not unde ceive him. His only daughter had been instantly killed. He offered to adopt little Kathie in her stead, and I closed with the offer at once, I never saw her again until, under the name of Mrs. Vav asor, I came to Scarswood Park, and niet her as Sir John's heiress. ' I solemnly swear that the young girl who was known as Katherine Dangerfield was, in vjality, the Lady Cecil Clive, |onIy child r'. !i En--' of Ruys. land. The person who now bears tha title is my daughter, christened Katherine Harman. I will swear this in any court j oflaw. 1 changed them out of revenge upon the late Lady Ruysland. (Signed) " Harriet Harman" The wretched woman wrote her name ; old Hannah and Henry Otisaffixed theirs as witnesses. He folded up tne document superscribed it' Confession of Harriet Harman,' and placed it in his breast pocket. She sat watching every motion with terrified eyes. ' What are' you going to do with it ?' she asked, eagerly. ' lam going to place it in the hands of Lord Ru ysland between this and to mor row night. The rank and name ycur daughter has usurped for two and twenty years shall be taken from her before the expiration of four and twenty hours. ' It was no fault of hers,' the guilty woman said, with trembling lips. . She started to her feet and caught him; as he was turning 'away. ' Take, me away from this horrible house — now, at once. Db. anything you like,- only take me Away.' ' Not to night,-' he ans wered coldly. ' lb is impossible. You would make your escape, and that I can't allow. Six years ago you had your day — -this is mine. The mercy you showed Katherine Dan gerfield then shall be muted out to you now. Don't be afraid — you shall not be left alone. You shall have a light. Han nah, take her up to the room prepared for her, and remain with her all night.' He drew himself from her grasp, and left the room. He heard her cry of terror I and despair as he went out, Miss Hern- castle was standing in the passage. He I took her hand and led her into another room, and gave her the paper. t,' The world shall know who you are at last,' he said — 1 shall ive you the name you should have borne from your birth. Let me be the first to call you by it.' He lifted her hand to his lips. " Lady Cecil Clive." chapter xxviii hunted down. It was very early in the morning of the ensuing day — so early that the rosy spears of sunrise were butiust glancing through the tall firs and waving brake around Bracken Hollow — when a loud authorita tive knock aroused the inmates of the lonely old house from their slumbers. In five minutes old Hannah was up and dressed, and in the room of her young mistress, Kathei-ine (let us call her by the old name) had sprung from lier bed also as that authoritative knock resounded through the house. ' It must be Henry Otis — it can be no one else at this hour. Go, open the door, Hannah, and let them in, whoever they may be.' Hannah went. She flung open the door, and stood confronted by a tall man, with a dark, handsome, stern-look ing face, and an unmistakably military air. 'I wish to see Miss Herncastle,' this gentleman began, with perfect abrupt ness ; ' I know that she is here.' ' Who are you, sir?' old Kaunah de-, manded, with equal sternness ;' and by what right do you come at such a time of moining as this, routing decent tolks out of their beds ?' ' My name is O'Donnell. I am Miss Herncastle's friend, and I have come to do her a service while there is yet time. Before two hours it may be tco late. Give her this, I entreat you, and tell her I must see her.' ' Yes, Hannah, give it to me. I'm not afraid of Captain O'Donnell. Let me see what he has to say.' It was Katherine herself — in slippers \nd dressing-gown — her brown hair un done, rippling in the old gix-lish way over her shuuldcrs. In that white negligee , with hair unbound and its natural colour, she looked, with the rose-flush of the /iugusb MUUI5C uyuu iicx, yuuiigcx, lairci, fresher than he had ever seen h«»r before. She took no notice of him. She took the card from Hannah gravely — and examined it. Beneath his name in pencil was written — ' I know that you are here. I come as ' your friend. If you have any regard for yourself you will see me at once. She looked up and held out her hand to him, with a smile— a smile that had something of the old brightness, the old saucy defiance of Katberine Dangerfield. 'Good morning, Captain O'Donnell. My friends are so few and far between at present, that it would be a thousand pities to refuse an audience to one of them. But you my friend ! Isn't that rather a new rnle for the gallant captain of chasseurs ?' She led the way into the bare-looking apartment, where last night Harriet Harman had made her confession, and pointed to a chair. There was a grace, a triumph about her he had never seen before — the whole expression of her face was changed. Where was the sad, som bre face of Miss Herncastle now ? A sort of proud triumph lit all the face before him. Ht accepted the cha'r only to lean across its wooden back and look at her. She stood where the golden sunshine fell fullest upon her — her tall form looking tall r and more classic than ever in her traihng white robe, a crimson chord for her girdle. The brown hair was swept off forehead and temples, showing the scar on the left plainly, and adding to the nobility of her face. The black had been washed from the eyebrows — altogether she was changed almost out of know ledge. ' Will Captain O'Donnell — my friend — who has hunted me down from first to last — speak? What is it that has taken you out of your bed at this uncivilized hour and brought you to Bracken Hollow and me ?' The ringing tone of her voice, th- meaning sparkle of eye and smile con founded him. 'To warn you fot the last time.' ' For the last time — to warn me' of- what ?' — 'That all is known — all.'., . , 1 What dees all comprise ? May I ask you to explain?' . ' ! ' That the death and burial of Kather ine Dangerfield was a fraud, and Mus Herncastle and Kather ne are one and 'the same. I am acting on no suspicion —I rarely act on that. I am acting on certainty. I knew the grave in| Castle- ford churchyard to be a fraud — the tomb stone lying even ! more than tombstones usually lie. . I knew that grave held an empty coffin.' ' May I ask how ?' 'In the simplest manner possible. I em ployed a man accustomed to such dread ful work, and opened the grave. We raised the coffin, opened that, and found, as 1 toia you— notnmg. She sat and looked at him — wonder, hot unmixed with a species of amuse ment and admiration, in her, face. ' And yet you' call yourself my friend ! Captain O'Donnell, you're an extraor dinary man.' ' No ; I don't see it,-' he answered cool ly. ' It wasn't anything very extutordim aify, Fi'om the hour I discovered your identity with the Nev York actress my suspicions were aroused. You had never given up the stage and buried yourself alive at Scarswood in the capacity of gov erness without some powerful latenr. motive. That motive, I confess, I felt curious to discover. Then you made love to Sir Arthur Tregenna — I beg your pardon, permitted him to fall in love with you.' Katherine smiled once more. ' As Sir Arthur had long befor; been signed, sealed, and delivered over to Lady Cecil Clive, and he seemed powerless to halp himself, I felt called upon to help him. He is my friend, you know, so also is his affianced wife. Then you played ghost — on, yes, you did — and frightened Sir Peter to the verge of insanity. Al together you were too dangerous a sort of person to be allowed to go on without a short pull-up lrom some one,' Again his listener smiled as she recall ed Sir Peter's ghastly face of fright. ' Captain O'Donnell, I cannot under stand why you should take the trouble to come here and say this. Why should you endeavour to save a woman you hold in aversion and contempt — a woman, in short, whom you hate ?' ' Whom I hate !' he repeated, quietly. ' Since when have I told you I hated you? I have heard Katherine Dangerfield's story — a strange, sad story — and I believe her, even in this hour, to be more sinned against than sinning. I celieve a great and generous nature has been warped. Katherine Dangerfield, 1 pity you — from my soul I dc — and with my whole heart I stand before you your friend. It is not too late yet ; pause, while there is yet time, 011 the road you are treading, and go back.' There was no mistaking his earnestness, the generous glow of.hij face, the friendly warmth of his tone. She had turned away from him and was looking out at the golden morning sky. ' Go back !' she repeated bitterly. ' Is . there ever any going back in this world ? S'x years ago I might have listened ; to day it is too late.' She covered her face with her hands, her breast heaving, the colour burning in her face, moved to the very depth of her soul with a passion of which he did not dream. 'Come, Katherine— you have fought long and well, and nothing has came of it. Give it up, and for ever,' Her hands dropped from her face ; some thing i n the last words seemed to rouse her. She looked at .him steadily. ' And nothing has come of it ? she re peated. ' That is your mistake, Captain O'Donnell, Something has come of it. I wonder what you would say if I told you — what ?' ' Tell me and see.' ' I confess,' she went on, ' to all laid to my charge. I am Katherine Drngerfield ; 1 have been buried and risen from the dead, and with that resurrection my na ture seemed to change. I have brooded on one subject — my wrongs — until I be lieve my brain has turned, I fled from the house of my true and loyal friend, Henry Otis, and went to America. I became the New York actress you so cleverly recognised. From New York I wrote to Mr, Otis. I told him if Gaston Dantree died to bury him decently — if he lived, to furnish him with money to quit England. Unhappily he died, but not for more than a year after receiving his injuries. All those years I remained in New York I worked hard in my pro fession and rose. I made money, and I hoarded it like a miser. Day and night, stronger and stronger with each year grew determination to. return, to keep my vo w, I tell you I believe there weie times when I was insane on this subject. Death alone could have held me jback. I waited pat iently while burning with impatience ; I worked, I hoarded, and at last my day. came. I returned to England , I made my way into the family of Sir Peter Danger- field , my revenge had begun. ' I had a double motive in returning — one, my vengeance on him ; the other, to discover my parentage. I had a clue; and strange to say in working out one I was working out the other. You know what followed — I played ghosf, and terrified Sir Peter I owe you no grudge, you were doing your duty, and I honour you for it. For Sir Aithur, you netd not have been so much, afraid , is was a triumph to take him from Lady-Cecil — to anger Lady Dangerfield ; but bad as I am, I don't think I ever was base enough to marry him, even if he had asked- me, He had never wronged mc, and I only waged war with those who did.' (To be continued.) 