N'IMPOETE, By J.O.B. . -At last the concluding prick has been given to the Orton windbag, and the malodorous thing has reached its final Btage of irremediable collapse. The whole history of the affair is but an object lesson, having for its motive the old, old theme — no story too grotesque to attract believers. Even now the testimony of one of the French priests — a Tichborne tutor — lingers in my memory. I can't, of course, call to mind his exact words, but his etfion. mom. certainement nnnf ' '?whp.n confronted with Arthur, and asked if he recognised his old pupil, still rings in my ears. And Orton's answers to various questions— 'twasn't that they were gorgeous; they were lovely. I forget what he said a ' rectangle ' was, but I j know 'twas connected with 'the butchering. . Still, he said something that Bociety will not readily suffer to perish. It was when a believer asked him what be thought of the debentures bought by the British publio to ensure him a fair trial that he rose to the occasion and called them ' Wagga bonds.' This alone will cause hi™ to be re membered. Besides, he says that during his Australian sojourn he was once a Baptist and twice a Roman Catholic. How he missed the Salvation Army is not stated. To be sure, in his day it was but in the cradle, with but little promise of the virility which it has attained. It is not yet too late. A future and a big drum may be still before him. * * * * An artist lives opposite me. I know he's an artist by the character of his hair as well as by the general appearance of the persons who visit him. Many other circumstances, trivial when taken singly, but convincing when accepted en masse, assure me that art was his early love and that . death alone will separate them. With the exception of penury, there's no more attached spouse than art. Once she takes to you her de votion is only to be equalled by that of 'Mum Impecuniosify, of whom somebody sang . Poverty came in due season, bad luck to her— Truly she makes an affectionate wife— I, like a fool, have been faitbfulynd stuck to her ; She'll stick to me for the rest of my life. -*- Imerely mention this wnm — Brown let me call him — because in connection with him there came under my notice this week a circumstance which shows how everything comes to bun that waits. He was preparing for removal or for flight — it was sot easy to say which. There were some signs that the Hegira would be leisurely and methodi cal, while a few symptoms wait to chow that it would probably be hurried, if not precipitate, j Ifow for his lode— for that happy concatenation of circumstances which men in their unwisdom *«»H ' chance ' in order to conceal their ignorance. ! ? ? ? * There was a cat on his modest roof. jMrmg the street came a well-dressed, elderly foreigner, who, ; in obvious absent-mindedness, took up a stone ; threw it with some emphasis in the direction of ; file unoffending creature. It crashed through the window, sending a pane in an3 bringing the artist demonstratively out. To me, who was passing, the awkward alien submitted his misfortune with a half plaintive 'Vat zhall I' do ? ' 'Pay for the damage M'eeu,' I suggested brusquely. It was then the limner rose to the occasion with ' I wouldn't mind the glass — what vexes me is that it hit the old woman.' His primitive model had received the fall impact of the projectile fair in the face. And before the matter was finally arranged the stranger paid not alone for the sash but for the surgeon. I merely give the trifling incident as an illustration of how Fortune sometimes knocks at a person's door and finds him at home. In my day I've seen many happy artists — men who'd just painted picture®, or sold them, or had them hung on some imaginary line. But the appearance of -honest Brown as the Frenchman presented to him a bow, a smile, a regret, and a £5 note was the sort of thing seen once in a lifetime or in a dream, and never for gotten. * * * * Even at this stage it is none too early to allude to the Dean case, not, of course, for the purpose of offering an opinion on its merits, but solely to remark on the curious methods pursued by some men to obtain a living. One witness, for instance, had come to the colonies many years back as a surgeon on board a passenger ship, and was now chiefly occupied in writing metrical advertise ments. There seems to be a demand for poetry when it is pressed into the service of trade. Socks, apparently, sell best when recommended by song. The cuffs, collars, and handkerchiefs that are so much dead stock when advertised in prose go off readily once poetry takes them in hand. It was commonly thought that poesy, like faith, belonged to the infancy of nations and flourished best in primitive societies. But the evidence in the cause celebre alluded to goes to show that, even in advanced civilisations, there is plenty of scope for metre if it will but accommo date itself to circumstances and enter into partner ship with commerce. Even more instructive, because more suggestive, than the lyrical episode is the evidence regarding the nature of the profes sional requirements necessary a generation ago to obtain a post as ship's surgeon. Until I read it, I never could understand why in the sixties so many crooked passengers and mariners landed in the AuBtralias. Scarcely a ship brought up at Sydney or Melbourne without putting on shore a number of curiously-contorted persons who were seemingly straight on leaving the United Kingdom or foreign countries. It was mostly put down to the sea air or to the necessary change of diet en route. The true reason has been too long kept in the background. 'Twas the surgeons. These retiring men have kept an unnatural silence for 30 years. In order to secure a position as ship's doctor it was but necessary to get a recommendation as a 'representative surgeon' from a British leech. Tou then went on board, had a seat at the captain's table, a free passage, a £10 note or so on arrival in New South Wales or in Victoria, as well as the run of - all the broken legs, fractured arms, and split heads during a protracted voyage. No wonder, after such an experience, that men took to poetry. No prose could do justice to their feelings. * * * * The world has never been without an Eastern question. Other questions come and go with the revolving centuries ; but this Oriental bother, like the poet's brook, keeps on for ever. It shifts its venue, too, does this troublesome affair, being found now in the neighbourhood of the Yellow Sea, while yesterday it was in the vicinity of the Black. Bight across Asia it see-saws, so that it is next to impossible tp locate it at any given time — impossible to say whether it is hugging the Caspian. or the Corea. The Persian, the Greek, the Mongol, and the Jap, as well as scores of^ other peoples, and lands, and tongues, tackled it in turn and fixed it up in a sort of 'way.. But just as the nations are beginning to think that the unquiet ghost has been laid off go its cerements, up goes its coffin-lid, and out it steps into broad daylight with a demand for a fresh settlement. Truly, of all irritating questions this Eastern one is the worst. * * * * Just 40 years ago it settled doggedly down in the Crimea and demanded a hearing. Three potent nations — not to mention daintily-dressed men from Piedmont, and ugly-looking customers from the Balkans to the Caucasus — made them selves heard in a way that woke up the echoes of the Euxine littoral by belching 13-inch shells at each other from a thousand raucous throats. ' Whistling Dicks ' was what these powerful pills were called by the soldiers and sailors to whom they were sent on their errands of enmity. After 12 months of this sputtering, varied by occasional charges and counter-charges where men from the Shannon, Severn, Clyde, and Seine, shoved and swore against persons from the Don and the Dnieper, the Eastern question seemed in a fair way towards a friendly settlement. Bat the blessed thing was only temporarily laid. Since then it has worked south and east by the Danube, the Oxus^the Khanates, and the interminable mountain ranges, till at last it has reached the Pacific in the neighbourhood of Corea. Upon the latter peninsula it has now fixed itself with an apparent determination to obtain a fresh hearing. Of all the cable messages that have come to us of late the short one of a few days ago to the effect that Russia desired to play a lone hand in Corea was surely the most important — more momentous than the flirting ,of the Roman and the English Churches, than Prince Bis marck's birthday, than even the confession of the Wagga Wagga butcher. For it means the gripping of au impregnable position by a sup posedly impregnable Power. Yet, in many minds to-day the question arises whether the Muscovite is eo invulnerable- as he's deemed — whether, in fact, the feet aren't c&y; while the front is brass. Anyway, everything ^Joints to the assumption that the world won't be very much older before the necessity is forced upon it of tackling this Colossus, if only to see what he's really made of — whether his stuffing is sound, or sterling, or saw dust. ? Mr. Robert Buchanan says : ' I have known too many famous men to respect them, and too many rich men to envy them.' , A decision by an English Court has determined the rule as to photographic portraits. The copyright belongs to the sitters when they order the portrait and pay for its being taken. The only claim for copyright by the photographer is when he invites sitters to have their likenesses taken, and when they assent to sit without payment, doing so for purcosea of publicity or advertisement. 