SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIHX, DID HE MARRY T Bt, SKIFF BOBLASE, Author of " For True Love's Sake," "Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death," " An Ocean Secret," ''Recalled to Life," "Riobes to Ruin," " Who killed John Cameron';" "The Polioe Minister," etc. CHAPTER XXXII. " EJUS DIED TWELVE YEARS AGO, AND AI THIS VEBY HOUB. . Lady Howarsh's glance followed the direc feion of her husband's apparently agonised glare, and she saw in a moment that it was no mere trick of imagination, the outcome of troubled conscience, that caused his sudden and terrible emotion, for there really wat seme one or something looking in upon tbeut through one of the lower panes of the great oriel window, and moreover, the face waB a female one, and as cadaverous as that of a fortnight old corpse, whilst a profusion of curls, which once might have been golden, waved in the breeze around it. The light of the wax eacdleB within the room, for it was quite dark outside, furthermore revealed a stiff light figure, with pinched-in waist and a flame-coloured skirt standing out over enormous hoops, whilst the thin leaden coloured arms bare to tbe elbows were there adorned with huge laoe ruffles yellow with age. "She died twelve yean ago at this very hour!" groaned Sir Harry, as though each word wae'dragged oat of him, and scarcely btfQ he uttered them when the spectre, if it was iona, raised its long delioate hands and wrung them in a piteous aud truly pitiful manner, then pointed witb one of them at Ruth, shaking its bead sorrowfully the while, and finally; drawing what seemed to be a wedding ring from oS the third finger of its left hand, threw it with a. little clinking ring against the window, and with a shrill and blood-curdling wau immediately vanished out of sight. " Ob, this is too horrible; I will not stay in this accursed house another day—another hour," exclaimed Lady Howarth, risiagto hsr feet. But her trembling limbs refused to support ber, and she sank down into her chair again, the next instant to fall from it to the carpet in a swoon. As for Sir Harry, he took no notice of her whatever, but pouring himself out a glass fnll of raw brandy he toseed it eg as though it had beeq water, and then rushing over to the window which reached dawn to the floor within, and to almost the level ef the terrace walk without, he undid the catch, tore it open, and striding tbereont peered eagerly amongBt the grave) for something, in places on whioh the candles threw no light, even stooping down and groping on the ground with hia fingers. Presently he gave utterance to a deep groan as a oiroular glitter caught his attention, and grasping at it his long bony fingers dosed upon a ring- a wedding ring, for tha first tonoh thereof was sufficient to reveal that. Clutching it tenaciously, yet fearfully, he leapt within the room again, as though a legion of devils were at his heels, and with the same frenzied haste be shut and bolted the windott, and shudderingly drew the huge heavy ourtains right across it. This done, he stepped across the proitrate body of hit wife without even observing bow beautifully the snowy wbitenMs of her plum] bare arms and heaving breast contrasted witL the black groundwork of the carpet, which was all too rough and coarse for contaot with so soft and dimpled a back; and gaining tbe hearthrug he began to minutely inspect the ring which he had picked up, muttering to himself the while. "It was her'a —I dare not doubt it—Oh, God, would that I could believe that it was some imposture—that I. had been tbe victim of a mere delation. But Rose saw ber also, or Bhe would not have fainted, and it is utterly impossible that both of us oould have been mistaken. And then the feoe, the hair, the very dretB sbe wore—all too well remembered —far too well remembered. Oh, would that I could go mad, for madness would be bliss to such as me. I piously thought that a bright young faoe and merry laughter would break the spell that has lain so long and •o heavily ou Olqgg Hall. Alac, onoe aorosB its threshold and the faoe was bright no longer, and laughter and merriment were straightway frozen within her. Perhaps ere long, poor thing, her very hair will turn as white as mtne." His gage, which wat by this time fixed upon hit leet than a fortnight old bride, ehowed that, it was her whom he waa now chiefly thinking about, but all at onoe a. something seemed to strike him, far he laid hold of the bell rope, and tugged at it to furiously that it oame down in his hand, not, however, before it had created a Aoity alarm, whioh had the effect, a minute later, of bringing a frightened looking servant into tbe room. " Send' Mistress Dorothy'to me at onoe. Where is she?" Gone to bed, I think, Sir Harry, but X will-see." «Send her. here at onoe, in ray oase. If the has gone to bed sbe must get up again,"sternly retorted the Baronet. The servant started off, and in lets than five minutes Dame Dorothy appeared in her plaoe, adjusting ber oap witb both bands as -though •he had taken it off for the. night, and tben hastily redonned it when summoned. " Where have yon been daring tbe last halfhour, and where is my daughter at the prevent moment?" " I've been in my own room, Sir Harry, and she's in her's, and in the sweetest sleep conceivable, poor dear." " How dp yon know she has Been in a sweat sleep, if you have been ablest from her n long?" "She was ao when I left her, and I oould bear her regular breatbingaa I passed her door a minute ago." ''She must have been breathing precious hard then. But take me to her immediately." "Certainly, Sir Barry. . Will you require another candle, or will mine be enough?" " Your's will suffioe. Liead on at onoe." They quitted the room together, crossed the vast and gloomy ball, and. mounted the wide turnpike staircase aide by aide, the Baronet frequently gazing sternly and searohingly at his oooductress, but saying nothing. In tbe centre of tbe encircling gallery ahe laid her hand on tbe handle of a deer and turned it noiselessly. But the door refuted to open, and Dama Dorothy seemed to be -muOh concerned thereat,: for she exclaimed in an agitated and nervous manner—- ' "The poor demented dear has looked herself in. Ob, how could I have been BO fooliah as to have left the key on the inaide of the door! Hadn't we better break it open immediately, Sir Harry ?" ' "There ia no key in the look." "Then she has taken it out. Oh, dearie me, what is to be done—what ie to be done?" The Baronet held up hia finger as though to impose silence, and theu he seemed tu listen intently for a minute. " I also oan' hear her breathing," he then said with a puzzled look, "but I 'shouldn't have thought that your old ean would have oaught the Bound ; I don't believe that they did either. Hullo! what is this sprinkling of grey powder over the floor? Dame, if you really have been up to any trioks you had best beware !" " Ob, Sir Harry, what oan you be thinking of? f would not injure the poor afflicted darling for worlds. Hasn't she been precious to me from ber very birtb, and haven't I been almost a fester mother to her ever since the death of her own '! I' you believe that that grey powder is the remains of some poiaon, and that C've made away with her, break the door open at once and convince yourself to the oontrary. It is not very strong, A good push will do it."' "Yen know that I believe no auoh thing, dame, and it strikes me that you are attempting to throw dust in my eyes by pretending to think me capable of euoh a belief. I aek you again what is that powder,"' "Indeed, I haven't the faintest notion, Sir Harry. I never observed it there until you pointed it out to me. I might as »e)l ask you what it is for that matter. But what about breaking open the door, dear master?" "It might do more barm than good, and so let it be. Lucy seems to be asleep, and to wake her suddenly, and by such a shook ai the violent breaking open of a door, might oanse her a serious injury in her present unhappy condition. Good aight, dame. I have nothing more to sav to you. It would be of no use." lie uttered the last half-dozen worda in a scum fill and yet sorrowful ton*, looking the while as though he felt he was Dame Dorothy's slave, instead of that she was his servant. Sbe certainly had some mysterious power over him, and she must have been fully cognisant of it or ahe would not have given vent to that little siUlanttshackle as she bade him gooi-night in turn, but witb an excess of humility which alone proclaimed it to he mock, and : hen hobbled baok to her own room, which she had 00me out of in her haste without her ebony orutoh stiok. As for the Baronet, he returned to the room wherein he had left hi* young wife lying senselesa on the carpet, muttering to himaelf, "Thank heaven that she ia fondly attached to my poor girl. It would take a great deal to even ahake my faith on that point, for she has given too manv proofs of it 'during a lone course of yeare. Yet for all that I would that she was dead. . Ave, I'd give a thousand pounds could ahe only di« speedily, painlessly, and—naturally," He entered the supper-room in time to discover Iiadr Howarth attempting to rise from the floor, and he at once sprang forward and ; lifted her np. "Oh, what was it?" waa her firat question, uttered in a puzzled and bewildered tone rather in a tern6ed one, " What, oan you not gness t" responded the Baronet, "Wby, poor Luey, of eoune/'he quickly added. "She found some of ber mother's things and put them on, and then rubbed her face and arms with seme greyish white powder to look as though—in order to frighten us in abort, lion's blame her. Rose, for folks of all ages take pleasure in the strangest things when their minds have lost' their proper balance. Be content with the knowledge" tbat'twas no ghost that you saw^ but only a poor, harmless, h&lf-witttod; «iii. n 1 " The object did not 'look this leaat bitlik* a girl, and it waa you, not me, who waa first •alarm sd." "I am aware of it; 'twas the tout entmble that filled me with audi horror. I reedgnised the entire dress mt a glance as a favourite one of my poor srife's, and eo took the—the rest for granted. That greyish white powder, too, made tbe flash look very ghastly, ili was laidea thiokly and seemed to add a aoore of years to Lucy's age, aad she ia vsiy like her mother. Then the darkness which flanked and backed . the figure, combined with the artificial light of the easdlea that streamed upoft its front, through tbe glaaa of a closed window, too, assisted the delusion to s really wonderful degree. Sbe has looked herself in her room to avoid being questioned about it." . " Don't you think—don't yen feel coaviacsd —that the poor distracted child was pot up to play suoh a part by another—by dame Dorothy in ehort—and for some cruel aad siaster -purpose of her own?" "Bah, it isn't worth hazarding » guee* about. The old woman ta in her dotage. - Come, let ns to bed, and I'm sore you an too sensible, my love, to let such trifles fnghter. you again." ' 