MISt NILLARD'S PI&NOFOR1TE; \- RECITAL. - A LAoE audience assembled by invitation in the Lyceum Hall last evening, when Mi-s Flora Millard, daughter of the Rev. H. 8. Millard, of this city, gave her first pianoforte recital. For some years the young lady has been assiduously studying the piano, and after her performance last night it must be said that in Miss Millard Newcastle has one of the most accomplished artists at present in the colony. The programme was commenced by the young lady playing Beethoven's Sonata in O sharp minor, and the composition, particularly the allegretto, was exsuisitely given. The econd movementis a fine con tract with the gloomy opening of the adagio, and the young lady succeeded in showing the contrast to perfection, and just as success ful in the presto agitate or finalw, which is daring and vigorous from the first note to the two crashing chords which end the fascinating sonata. Miss Millard's next number was the Waltz in C sharp minor, Nocturne in D flat major, and the Etude in C sharp minor, three works which are thoroughly illustrative of Chopin's genius in writing for the piano. This composer has been termed the "Shelly of Musio," and the younglady has evidentlybeen taught torealise that, as last night she played the music as it should be played, with expression and deli cacy. The gem of the evening was probably Mendelssohn's "Lied Ohne Worte," No. 34, with which the pianist opened the second part of her programme. This composition consists of only 15 bars, and represents a churns of laughing nymphs around a bubbling stream. Had encores been allowed Miss Millard would certainly have been thrice recalled for this item, and, as it was, the applause was deafening. Schumann's " Naohtstuck" (night visions) was another composition chosen, and was superbly played. The piect was written by Schumann during a period of great mental anxiety, and repre esents an aeriel procession of ghosts. The weird mus:c is extremely difficult, but the young lady was perfectly at home, and ren dered it ,without a blemish. BSchubert's Impromptu in E fiat followed, and then Miss Millard gave iRubenstein's "Barcarolle" in G minor. The latter composition, which was written in imitation or recollection of the Venetian barcaroli as they row their gon dolas, was exquisitely played, and the beauti ful music was'appreciated by the hudience. Miss Edith King assisted Miss Millard by singing the waltz song from Romeo and Juliet, and the beautiful " Casta Diva," from Norma. In the former the lady sang very well, but in operatic solo she sur passed all previous efforts, and succeeded in giving a really fine rendering of a fine song. As a finale to the concert, Miss Millard and Mr. Edward King played on two pianos Liszt's Hungarian Fantasia, and.the splendid duet was never more appreciated. The opsning is perhaps a trifle triste, but as the music proceeds the work becomes intensely exciting. The pace is enormous, and when the end is reached anyone can understand that a gipsies' revel has been pourtrayed. Daring the evening Miss Millard received a great many beautiful bouquete and baskits of flowers, and certainly deserved them as in every respect the recital was a great success. A Parisionne, named Marie Lebot, con fesecd to the chief of the Paris Detective Ser vice recently, that. she had murdered her lover, Antoine Remond, a month before, and that the body would be found swathed like a mummy in hrr room in the Cite Jeanne d'Aro. The r.ficer dis]atobed two agents to the address ijdicated. Later on the terrible truth was telephoned to him. The decom posed body of Remond was lying by the side of the bed as described by the prisoner. The victim was a former soldier in the Foreign Legion with a pension of 700 francs. He was living with Marie Lebot, who sold black coffce in the markets, and who in a fit of savage fury murdered him with a batchet be. causo he refused to give up his money to her. After 'tho crime she stated that she slept: nightly by the side of the corpse for three weeks. At loast overcome by remorse she gave herself up. 