SMBIAP. _, FASCINATING . jf**! '« legal point ' : - . . / \ has been raised ~ /_ % bv Frau Gbsima 'Wagner, who, While ihe 'keeps' . alive the'nxeinory of her husband's glory , is too good a Wbman of busi ness altogether to neglect the main, chance (says a London paper). Before 1870, ' Wagner' had a habit of selling the acting rights of his operas for a lump sum when he ivas short of money ; and these rights, according to the law as then stood, would extend till ten years after Ms death. In 1870,- however, this period was increased, by a change in the law, to twenty years, that the families of dead musicians might longer profit by their fame ; only in the case of Wagner it was not the 'heirs,'' but the 'assigns' who profited. FraU Wagner by no means holds that the twenty years -were to be the property of managers who had only paid for ten ; but the managers look' upon possession &s; nine points of the law, and she is bringing actions against several opera houses to re cover what she holds to be her property. To the non-legal ' mind Frau Wagner's case certainly does not seem a very strong one. Mr. Phil May, the celebrated cari caturist, was once an indifferent actor. He still has a decided predilection for the green room, but he has learnt ere this that he draws a good deal better on paper than he ever will on the stage. Mr., Henry Irving's fine production of **. King Arthur ' at the Lyceum Theatre is likely to rank among his most signal successes. In arranging the mythological story of 'King Ar- thur/' says the London Stage, Mr. Comyns Carr has set himself a difficult and unenviable task. Those ^ho knew not Malory had read their Tennyson, and imagination had been fed by the work of one of England's greatest poets. They had an ideal King Arthur, who lived in their memory, a sorrowful Guinevere in their mind's eye, and could, as it were, realise the falsely true Lancelot. It was no ordinary first night. The audience was prepared for a great event, and it became hushed to silence as the curtain drew up on the pro logue of ' King Arthur.' It was soon found that Mr. Carr had done his work remarkably well, and that his verse for the most part was pretty in imagery, and frequently pregnant with thought. ' King Arthur ' is a series of 'beautiful pictures, combined with much skill, all attractive, and likely to please Lyceum, audiences for many months. Strangely enough, as presented by Mr. Carr, the story awakens the . memory of some of Shakspere's plays. For instance, the prologue brings before the mind the scene in which Macbeth is told of Ms future and the power he shall attain 5 while the first act, in which appears the vision of the maiden bearing the cup, is curiously alike to the scene in which Hamlet first sees his father's ghost. Again the second act is like a page out of ' As You Like It ' — a re eemblance that is forced upon the minds by the language given to Dago net— who, in this «eene, is quite a Shaksperian clown — -and that spoken by two young lovers. Then in the third act, in which the death of Elaine occurs, the Ophelia scene in tf Hamlet' is- - brought in in . quite a marked manner ; and, last of all, the fight between Arthur and Mordred in the fourth act recalls' Richard III.' ?Be it remembered there is. nothing new under the sun, and despite these | suggestions, ** .King .. Arthur ' is a strongly impressive aaof completely interesting play on iwhich pretty love scenes touch the heart and Btirrihg incidents quicken the pulse and roufee the. onlooker to enthusiasm. ? The scenery and dresses were espe cially, designed by Sir Edward Burne Jones, Bart., and niusic befitting the play has been composed by Sir Arthur' Sullivan. Mr. Carr has cast his Arthur in heroic mould, and right well does Mr.' Irving uphold him. Li the prologue the Lyceum manager, by his manner of speech and action, lends a mystic coloring to the Bcene. ' 3ii# the last scene; of all Mr* Irving gives a grandly pathetic portrait of the King, who, robbed of love by his trusted friend, must further yield his life. It IB. a touching moment, for* Mr. Irving imparts so much grandeur and dignity to Arthur that the more sorrow is felt tor his undoing and bis death. It is a noble impersonation that long -will live in the minds of playgoers. Among- those present at the first night's performance were (in the royal boS) the Duke and DuekeSB of York and the .' Duke and' Duchess of Tegk. The others present were* Lot& and Lttdy Londesborough and the Ladies Denni«on, Lady Russell and; her family f Sir Edward end Lady Lawson, tile Lord Chief Justice a&d;, family. Si? Arthur Sullivan, Sir Edward Burne-J&nes;, Sir Edwin Arnold, Sir John SobinBon', Mm Bernard Bdere, Mrs. John Strange Winter, Mr. $. L. Tools, Mr,. Charles Wyiidham, Mr. George Alexander, M*. Oyril M&ttdet; Mr. Fred. Terry, Miss Julia Neilson, Miss Marlon Tfttrryt Mr. Vernon, and many others too numerohB to name here. Tenderness and gentleness Rr§ the prevailing laatutee of Miss TerryV duinevferS —» e picture of f&if; wofliaakood aa perfect fig -5ftn be Ma^liea, h.« aBsump Uon bbifef fttU of fittbUe BWeefeeBs SMijp?- ?????...- ?.??-.?? :-.- -. -.?? It -was after midnight when &&* | Audience filed frut, eufiicient proof, if | necessary, that « King Arthur * ifl, at ' ;{| least, interesting ; but it is more.' ' - ' M the conclusion Mr. Oomyns Carr ;| -was loudly called for, and warmly f applauded* . ; -} Miss Ethel Grey, after a c onsider- S able amount of European eiperienoe, -j had returned to Australia, and will | probably, be seen in Sydney in comedy | at an early date. , . . .2 Miss Florrie ^imonsen, one of Miss ' . ,|,; Frances Saville.'s . many sisters, who . . . *j has be'ijn appearing with considerable ' ' ^ success at the Hobaxt Exhibition, con-- -.'.., * '; '% certs, will most likely visit Europe , ' r£ shortly. ' % Mrs. Langtry, whose tour of America - : '; appears so far to have been a decided ; success, will open at the Fifth Avenue i Theatre, New York, on March 4, . ; Among her repertory are the plays ';} ' Esther Sandraz ' (Grundy), 'Agatha -\ Tylden' (Rose), and 'Peril.' Her present season will conclude at the end of March, when she returns to ' England, and after a provincial tour will again visit the States at the end ,' of September. Canada will be in- ? eluded in this tour, which ends at San Francisco in July, 1896, when the .: Jersey Lily will, in all probability, visit Australia for the first time. ' '?-? MisB Jennie Lee's S. African tour so far has been a pronounced success, and Mr. A. Bonamici (the African Williamson and Muegrove) is so pleased with the result that he is contemplating other Australian importations. Messrs. C. Fabert, A. Poulton, A. Cochrane, and the Misses Ada Lee and Joan Burnett (a daughter of Miss Jennie Lee, who made her debut at Cape Town aa Esther in ' Jo ') are spoken of very highly by the local press. . ' All Miss Lee's company are in excellent health,' says an exchange, 'and liken the South African, climate to that of Australia. The absurd stories of fevers. &c;, are found to be ' fairy tales,' whilst money is far more ? plentiful, hy reason of the vast gold and diamond mines, than is at pre sent the case in Australia.' 