'Chapman's Magazine of Fiction.' From Messrs. George Eobartson and Co., of Melbourne and Sydney, we have received through Mr. W. G. Lipscomb, a copy of the second number of Chapman's Magazine of Fiction, the English pfiriodicul at sixpence the number which we noticed a few weeks back. This second number is rich in interest.. Mr. Brefc Harte's fine serial '' In'a Hollow of the Hills' is continued. A new contributor is Mr. S. R. Crockett, whose charming story The Lilac Sunbonnet, entitles us to delightful antici pations regarding anything else which comes from his pen. His tale is a two century old one, called ' Under the Cloud of .Night,' and is to be con tinued. An unknown writer under the title ' The Microbe of Pessimism' supplies what we take to be an effective shoit and sarcastic study of feminine nature ; and the favourite novelist, Mr. George Gissing, writes a narrative, ' His Brother's Keeper/' the interest of which turns on the fanatic concern of a brother for the secularist views ana teacniDgs or ms uwin, ending :n ancempc at murder and madness. The detective tale, ' The Murder at Jex Farm,' is concluded, and though Mr. George Ira Brett is an ingenious follower of Conan Doyle and Arthur MorriBon, his skill is dis tinctly inferior to theirs. Humour and pathos are charmingly commingled in Mr. Frank Stockton's trifle entitled ' The Bishop's GhoBt and the Prin ter's Baby,' embodying a quaint conceit. The author of Rudder Grange tells how,- in a church in which the tombs were cracked, the ghosts came out nightly, and had to be scared back by the sprink ling of holy water, which was done by printers returning home after their work ; and how, a pious mason having repaired the tomb of a bishop, the bishop's ghost was in danger of being shrivelled by a shower of holy water but that the ghost of a girl who had died of love gave up to him a tomb which she had 'jumped,' her body having been buried without a tomb afc all. And then, having no refuge, and finding one of the printers grieving, she follows him home to see his little oaoy jubs uenu, Hiiutme re ummtibes uueuurpao by entering it, to the joy of the father and mother. Mrs. Flora Annie Steel adds to the list of her excellent short stories of Indian life with ' Toung Lochinvar,' and the new novelist Kichard Pryce, writes 'The Bou3ing of Eve Garland.' The last pages are occupied by a continuation of Miss Violet Hunt's sarcastic story in scenes 'A Hard Woman.' It will be noted that this magazine of fiction con tains work of some of the most prominent writers of the day. 