A C1I0ST STORY. *< " • L— ; THE LANDLADY'S SISTER. (From; London Truth.) (Continued.) One morning his raiiosify got the better of his delicacy, *nd lie addi-es- Bed A question to his landlady npon the nnhjeot, while she was clearing awuy his breakfast. 1 Yon harr another lodger, have yon not ?" ha remarked carelessly. She gnre a palpabln start. The tea-pot, which she bad jast taken np, nearly fell from her hand. - • " Oh no, sir, j»he answered quickly ; you are my only lodger." " I flee," said Reginald. " I did not mean to,be inquisitive. But there is a jounghidy, whom l occasionally meet about the house, and I thought -" " I—=1—did not know that yon had Been her," broke in the landlady. (Reginald saw that Bbe was trembling 4 and looking much distressed.) Sho usually staysail day ih"hero**n room. She—she—is a yonng rctatiro c' mine. She—she^—has a rad hiskny. poor Ifir! A great disgraca L~s if lieu npon her, through no fqpli of hcrcv/c. People—people-—do net lrncw that she is liring here. Her—Iidr—presence is altogether » cecret." , " I am sure I bep jronr pardon for. having unintentfrnrlly hurt yo- L7 my inquiry," Bcid ITc^'cjud, Trith feeling. **I had no iticr. that I VFLS alluding to a jrttiil£r.I Erblcct." 4 1 Nay, Bir," elia nrcwirod, "I am glad yon told me about having peer, the poor girl, for ' 1 (her Tci^ie tr&L; : very appet-liiig foOe) " i j f/'tcs m: the opportunity of f i'J.:^ yoa, a great favor, fdr, bat—not—to mention her presence here to tJTy oce. Ten Trill do both her and mo ti er grctcrt service, sir, by—bp—prc^icl. ;^ this." "You need noL be a^xl," replied be reassuringly. " I shall, of course, reject your nefcret. 1 give you my word of honour tijioir that point." " Thank yon, sir—thank you with all my heart," said the landlady evidently relieved. She continued to clear away the breakfast things. Reginald sat reading the paper, or apparently doing so. In reality, be ivaa thinking of the girl. He believed he could form some opinion about the "disgrace through no fault of her own" to •which hiB landlady had alluded. He believed he could guess the tie of affinity^ which bound " her young relative" to Ins informant He realised now a certain resemblance of features between the two—a resemblance whioh thirty years discrepancy of age did not obliterate. He looked np at the landlady. She was eyeing him intently. 4 < lf you pleaso, Bir," she faltered, an their glanoerf met, "I have another favor to ask yon." "And what is thatf' inquired Reginald, kiadly. "Not—not—to speak to or take any notice »f that poor yonng creature. It—it—distresses her very much to be taken notice of. And—and—if now and then you find her doing Btr—strange things, please—please, sir, do not remark upon it to her. She—she—IB gentle, and harmless, and tractable as a lamb, but—but" (with a half-snppressed sob) " her mind is unhinged." "You may rely upon me to do what you wish," he said, with ready sympathy. " I can assure yon I feel for you both very deeply in your trouble. If, m ever so email a degree, I can help you to'Iighten it," do not scruple to oommand my services." She thanked-him with tears in her eyes, and then withdrew. Reginald spent -the. rest of the> morning in speculative thought—riiot, however, about Emanuel-Kantor John Stuart Mill. The half-completed manuscript of his magnum opus, in which ne wielded the sledge-hammer that was to knock the pedestals of those gigantic statues from under them, lay npon his desk awaiting additions. He "sat to i^ with his pipe and his pen ; ho even dipped the latter in the ink. But he got no further. The lanylady and her daughter—for daughter, surely, she was—held entire possession of his brain. Mill and Kant enjoyed A respite for a day. The shock that should soon electrify them in their .graves remained by BO much the longer in abeyance. There are many people who live their entire life on matter-of-fact lines ; who see nothing but what they Bee with their physical vision ; who know nothing t»nt what they know by the exercise of their obvious intelligence ; who feel nothing but what they feel by .the operation of their animal sensibilities; people who are, in fact, walking embodiments of business, sufferers from common sense in its most aggressive form. Reginald Bjake would not have placed himself exactly in the above category; still, if there was one quality on which he valued himself above all others, it was that of being practical, He was disposed, both by habit and temperament, to laugh at the sentimental; to deride the fancif '; to despise the superstitious. He no believer in what they call mental telepathy, or in any nonsense of that description. As regards pre- Frntiments, he was an ntter sceptic; t hat any knowledge of facts could be ilirectly communicated to a man through the impressions, without, hav ing been first conveyed to the intelligence by intelligible means, he simply viewed as impossible. He now had to take his first lesson in hidden inilupngcg, and the lesson startled him. He knew, as well as he knew that the day was Thursday and the month was March, that he was in s«me way connected with that poor girl's life. He knew, as certainly as he knew that the sua would rise next morning, that in a very short while he should discov3r this link of conrection. This knowled^n took possession of him abpolr'.c'-. He had no power to discredit it; no -rill to resist it.. He did not even shake himself and Bay, "Wfcat a fanciful fool I sni! ' He simply mooned away those lengthening Spring days in dreamy speculation, while he awaited the outcome. One afternoon, about si* o'clock, when he came in from a walk, Reginald, with some surprise, found the landlady's daughter in his room. She wra standing with her bock to the (loo*, resting her elbows on the manfeolpiecc, and, so far as he conld ae® in this half-light, surveying her face ia the glass. The moment she heard him «nt«r she turned her head ; she clasped her bands; she looked at him imploring^ PS if about to speak ; then, charging her purpose, hurried pa»t him vritl* c-crlcd face, and left the room. T"cr rerr.o while after she vras romained standing v.-h-^» I /s ^n a state of unrccor-^-Hi crc'i^onh Why had z IoqjcxL at !iin so appealingly ? TTuE.b vrc i*-til3 i sho wished to tell Lin 'i "v.ew himself npon the L-,: He covered his eyes h'.z id. His brain was in a v.Liirl; I.Uc.rxt was beating fast- Be f^'t. /rcff, now that a crisis— tL"- cri'Sir c. 'iI-closure—was near. Ej-r-n^- '^a :x>so,pulled down the Llindr. r.r r i: . ^tic! the gas. Then he Loilc^iL which made bis bfc Lu -.rb almost stop. At the lc^i fcic oi '.he mantelpiece, where t! e frl: '. Lr T been standing, was a f: . r. 1 - ' screen of Reginald's, toi: / '.::ii r • ^i~enesses of some of his it.iat.ionw One was now missing. It was lbs '; of his father. While ho was still regarding the cmptv framo in a state of great perturbation, he heard a sound in his bodroom adjoining. He immediately opened the door and looked in. There again was the landlady's daughter. She knelt upon the floor near the hearthstone. Reginald saw that she had one ef the boards slightly raised and that she apppared to be securing something underneath it. At thftt instant, she looked up at him ; she smiled—a brighter smile than he had hitherto seen upon the poor girl's melancholy face; then she rose to her feet, she smiled at him once again, but did not speak; and a moment later she was gone. Reginald locked both doors of the room. He fell npon his knees near the hearthstone. He soon found and raised the loose board. Lying thero before him he saw the minsing photograph ; and not only that, but a dusty little packet beside it, folded in paper and tied with string. He caught them both np. He replaced the board securely. He sat upon his bed and opened the packet, though his fingers trembled so with excitement that he conld scarcely nntie the string. This is what he found inside: a man's signet ring, engraved with a crest, and motto—the crest and motto of his own family ; a small locket, with some hair on one side and a miniature on the other—the portrait of his own father; a pencil note scrawled in .a tremulous and unknown hand; and a letter. The ink was brown and faded. But it was legible throughout, and was in his father's handwriting. It was dated nearly twenty-three years back. Reginald perused both the pencilled note and his father's letter, sitting as motionless as a statue on the bed. His color came and went. He breathed quickly like a man who had been running; otherwise he did not stir. In this attitude he remained for half an hour, before he roused himself sufficiently to move to the adjoining room, and steady his nerves with a glass of wine. " Forgive me, sir, forgive me. I ought to have told you at first, as soon as ever I guessed who you were." It was Reginald's landlady that spoke. •* Tour name—your appearance, and —and—other things Boon led me to discover that. But I—I—did not like to tell you, sir. I—I— did not see the nse of raking up a painful story, which I had thought would now always remain bnried in the oblivion of the past. God has willed otherwise. Those two letters reveal so much, sir, that I need not conceal the rest. Listen to me, sir, and I will tell you the whole story. Did your father ever speak to you of your mother, sir ?" "Never—except just to tell me that she died when I was born," replied Reginald, in a hollow voice, " I do not wonder. It was a painful, a reproachful subject for him to xecall. Your mother, sir, was my own sister. You were born in this house—in that very room. We lived together, my sister and I, not here, but at Chatham. Your father was then stationed there with his regiment. My sister was beautiful— too beautiful, and far, far too trusting. She left me suddenly one day to—to run away with your father." " Go on," said Reginald, huskily. His chin hung npon his breast; he was shading his eyes with his hand. All the energy and spirit of two-andtwenty had vanished, " I did not know where they had fled. I conld not find them for nearly a year. Then, at last, I discovered my poor sister in this house—two days dead, and yon, a tiny baby, nearly dying from neglect by the cruelty of a wicked nurse. Your father had left her several months before, called away on foreign service. No one but this nurse, a grasping, heartless woman, had been with her in her time of trial. That explains my poor sister's note, which you have found, and makes it abundantly clear why, in her last hours, she hid away her few precious treasures, wishing to save them from the clutches of a rapacious thief. " I sent the woman away at once. I believe that she tmd stolen many of my poor sister's things, and much of the money with which your father had supplied her. I hinted my RGspicions to her. I threatened to set the police upon her track, unless 3he left immediately. She was frightoned, and went without demur. My God! If only I had found my poor sister a few weeks earlier ! " " In time your father came to take yon. There had been a time when I could have—have killed him for his conduct to mv sister. Now I nearly forgave him. His grief, his sorrow, his remourse were pitiable to see- He had loved your mother with all his heart. 'Twas not til] suddenly called away (he told me) that he realised how much. She was all in the world to him. He wrote to her from Plymouth—that letter which you have found—telling her of his adoration, of his shame of having so treated her, of his desire, his longing, his firm intention to marry her upon his return. He told me about this letter at the time. I believed him. Bat we could find it nowhere among your mother's things. And I knew how she wonld have treasured it— my loving little Jessie. We supposed that it had been stolen by the nurse. But, you see, we were mistaken." "But—but—"quostioned Reginald, looking tip for the first time, "this girl—this relation of yours who lives with you, whose strange behaviour led me to this discovery—how is she connected with my mother's story 7" The old lady clasped her hands. A Btrange light came into her eyes, a dreamy smile settled upon her thin face. " I have taken many lodgers into this house in twenty-two years. Not one of them has seen her but you. 'Tis to you and me alcne, dear nephew, that our long- lost one has shown herself. I thank God that you have seen her—seen your sweet and loving mother as she was. But something tells me that the purpose of her linerering here is now accomplished— that neither you nor I shall view her gentle face again." 