KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XV.—(Continued.) " I am sorry to have startled Sir Peter by my unfortunate resemblance to his dead relative. Mrs. Butler is right ; it was I you saw a few moments ago, Sir Peter." He sat up in bed, gazing upon her, the wild look of horror dying slowly out of his wizened, little pinched face, and an abject look of fear coming in its place. Her eyes were fixed upon him steadily, strongly, intensely. What mesmeric power was there in those calm grey eyes to subdue him to her will ? " Lie down, Sir Peter,'' she said very gently, " and let me give you some medicine. Will you not order him a sedative, a composing draught, Mr. Weymore ? I am sure he needs it. I will administer it, and will watch, with Mrs. Butler, until morning." The young doctor obeyed. He prepared the seda- tive, and Miss Herncastle administered it. Sir Peter took it from her hand, spell- bound it seemed, unable to refuse, unable to take his fascinated eyes off her face. Then he lay back ; she arranged his pillows, smoothed the coverlet, made him comfort- able, as only a deft-handed woman can. All the time his eyes never left her face— all the time he never uttered a word. The spell of some mesmeric force was upon him, and rendered him obedient to her will. Mr. Weymore, the Castleford surgeon, took his departure. ''Nothing ailed Sir Peter but shattered nerves-- he wanted rest, repose, tonics, cheerful society, entire change of air. He saw,'' he said, ''he left him in excellent hands,'' with a glance of admira- tion at the calm, serene young lady.''He would go now, and call early the ensuing afternoon. Good night, Miss Herncastle.'' And Mr. Weymore, with a second admiring glance at that Juno-like form and grave, thoughtful face, took his hat and his departure. The sedative had its effect— Sir Peter fell asleep. Mrs. Butler nodded in her easy-chair, Miss Hern- castle drew the curtains, raised the blind, seated herself by the window, and with her chin on her hand, looked out. It was past four ; the waning moon was dropping pale out of sight in the west, the eastern sky was flushing and brightening already with the beauty and splendour of a new-born summer day. The tall trees stood motionless, the waving grass and cowslips were glistening -with dew, long silver lances of light pierced the mysterious depths of waving fern. It was beautiful— beautiful. Of what did Miss Herncastle think as she sat there, with sombre face and duskily brooding eyes? After days darkly told. Sir Peter fell into a deep, refreshing, natural aleep as the morning wore on. Some time after sunrise Lady Cecil entered, hearing for the first time of what had occurred, and offered, in her kindly, gentle way, to take Miss Herncastle's place. Very haggard, in the rosy brightness of the July sunrise, Miss Herncastle looked, her eyes heavy, her cheeks pale. ''Go to your room at once,'' Lady Cecil said. ''You look quite worn out. Pray do not attempt teaching today. After you have slept and break- fasted, go for a long walk. You need it, I am sure.'' She murmured her thanks, and went. And Lady Cecil, with the upper housemaid for companion, took her vacated post. My lady still slumbered — her wretched nerves always required her to lie abed until eleven o'clock. The news spread, as such news is pretty sure to spread. By noon that day all Castleford knew that Sir Peter, riding home at midnight (pretty hour for a magistrate and a baronet to be gadding), had beheld Katharine Dangerfield's ghost under the trees of Scarwood, had fallen from his horse in a fit, had struck his temple on a stone, and now lay at Death's door, if he had not already entered that gloomy portal. The news spread — it was the talk of the town, and among others came to the ears of Captain O'Donnell. ''Saw a ghost,'' the chasseur thought, knitting his brows, in a reflective frown ; ''what fooling is this? Saw Katherine Dangerfield — humph! Has somebody been playing a practical joke at the superstitions little baronet's expense, I wonder ? I'll walk over and see.'' He walked down. It was past three when he reached Scarswood. On the grounds he encoun- tered Lady Cecil Clive and the twins, out for a holiday. He joined the trio at once. ''Good-morning, Lady Cecil. Bon jour Mesdemoi- selles Pansy et Pearl. Lady Cecil, what ghastly news is it that is galvanizing all Castleford? I don't understand it. Sir Peter has seen a ghost.'' ''So Sir Peter says, Captain O'Donnell; and who should know better ? He had been somewhere in Castleford until close upon midnight, the traditional ghostly hour, and, riding up the avenue, he saw the ghost of Katherine Dangerfield— a lady six years dead ; She came gliding out from beneath the King's Oak— she was all in white, of course. She frightened his horse — it started and threw him. That is Sir Peter's story — he remembers no more. Wilson, the head groom, supplements the marvellous tale by saying he heard the most ' hoffulest scream' that ever was aeard, and, rushing to the spot, found Saracen quivering with terror, and Sir Peter in a dead faint on the ground. The ghost had gone. That is the legend, as we heard it ; the facts are, Sir Peter was certainly thrown off his horse, and now lies ill and feverish upstairs. His nerves are in such a state that he nearly falls into spasms if left a moment alone.'' ''Who is with him ?'' Captain O'Donnell asked. He had listened very gravely and thoughtfully to Lady Cecil's explanation. ''Miss Herncastle. She is an excellent nurse, it appears, and he is docile as an infant in her hands, though fractious beyond belief with the rest of us, I believe.'' Lady Cecil tried to speak very care- lessly. ''Sir Arthur Tregenna is there also.'' The chasseur lifted his eyes and looked at her keenly for a moment. She did not meet that blue piercing glance ; she had stooped and was gathering the hyacinths at her feet. '' Miss Herncastle,'' he repeated that. ''And he is passive as a child in her hands, is he ? Now, that is odd, too. I fancied he disliked and feared Miss Herncastle, because of her unaccountable or fancied resemblance to this very dead Katherine Dangerfield.'' ''So he said. ''I don't pretend to understand it, or half the other things I see, but so it is. She gave him a second terrible fright, too, last night.'' ''How?'' ''She came down and took charge of him when he was first brought in, it appears. Ginevra was there, of course; but poor Ginevra— of what earthly use is she in a sick room ? She went back to her chamber when convinced there was no danger, and Miss Herncastle went to work, Mrs. Butler says, as though she had been a hospital nurse all her life, and restored him to consciousness. The moment he saw who it was, he uttered the most dreadful shriek, and fell back into a second swoon." "Ah!" Captain O'Donnell said, intensely interested. "They could do nothing with him then, until the surgeon came. When next restored, his first question was 'Where is she?' 'Who?' the surgeon asked. 'Katherine Dangerfield,' was the wild answer; 'I saw her twice tonight-once out under the trees and five minutes ago by my bedside!' He was like a man mad, they say, at first; then Butler explained that he was mistaken, that he had seen no one but Miss Herncastle ; and Miss Herncastle came forward and confirmed her words. She looked steadily at him with those great eyes of hers--you should seeMrs. Butler glare when describing it--and he subdued immediately, like a terrified child. I took her place early in the morning--she looked fagged to death — and Ginevra came in for a few minutes at noon ; but, strange to say, he asked for Miss Herncastle, and seemed restless and feverish until she came. Now he is perfectly quiet. The tableau in the sick room is this — Sir Arthur reading gravely aloud the Castleford Chronicle at one side of the bed, Miss Herncastle gravely embroidering at the other, and Sir Peter, lying with wide-open eyes that never leave Miss Herncastle's face. They all looked so very well content, that I came away.'' She laughed a little and gathered more hyacinths, for her bouquet. Again the soilder glanced at her with those blue, brilliant eyes of his, but the brown eyes were in- tently fixed on her flowers. Was Lady Cecil jealous? ''It is a pity, no doubt, to interrupt so happy and well assorted a party,'' he said, '' still, I think I will be vandal enough to do it. I am very much inter- ested in this matter, and am going to turn amateur detective and probe it to the bottom. A veritable ghost in this nineteenth century is a novel and wonderful curiosity, let us make the most of it. It is something even to see a man who has seen a ghost. It has never been my good fortune, in all my varied experience, to meet one before. I shall go at one and ' interview' Sir Peter.'' He bowed and departed, and Pansy and Pearl, who had ruu off, rejoined Lady Cecil. ''How nice he is, aunty,'' Pearl said, ''with such white teeth, and good-natured looking, and every thing. He's nicer than Sir Arthur. I don't like Sir Arthur, Pansy don't like Sir Arthur, nor Papa Peter, nor Major Frankland.'' ''He's lovely,'' said Pansy, '' only he's too big. They're all too big, except Papa Peter. Aunt Cecil, when I grow up I should like to marry Captain O'Donnell — shouldn't you ?'' Lady Cecil blushed. a little, laughed a little, and kissed the speaker. ''Captain O'Donnell is flattered by your prefer- ence, petite ; still, I think he might find it tedious waiting until you grow up. Who'll reach the Keeper's Tree yonder first ? One— two— three— now !'' The game of romps began, and Pansy forgot her matrimonial projects. And the object of her nine year-old affections ran upstairs, and was shown into Sir Peter's room. The tableau was as Lady Cecil bad described it, only Sir Arthur had ceased reading, and was gazing, as well as Sir Peter, at the calm face opposite, and the white, rapid fingers and gleaming needle. ''I trust I am not an intruder, Sir Peter,'' the young Irishman said, coming forward, '' but hearing of your accident ? '' ''Come in, O'Donnell — come in,'' the sharp, querulous voice of the invalid said ; '' I wanted to see you. If you're tired sitting here, Sir Arthur, perhaps O'Donnell will take your place.'' ''With pleasure, Sir Peter.'' The chasaeur came forward, saluted the lady and the Cornish baronet, and took Sir Arthur's vacated seat. ''And with your permission, Sir Peter, now that Captain O'Donnell has come, I will go, too,'' said Miss Herncastle. ''I have not been out today, and my head aches. I will administer your medicine, though, before I go.'' (To be continued.) 