LOCAL AND GEIJERAL. To-i.y wa> tb. fia.et «f Uho anion, a. tar, bat B.torday w.a bitterly oold. Bnaw-, tell at Bheffi.ld aarly in tb. day, and at noon a law flakea descended at tho Keney. Baterday w.a a bitterly oeid day at Letrobe (writ. a oar oorreeyonilent). Jdligbt Bbower. of taow fell in tbe mornleg, end alio a quantity of hail. Btrong eontba-riy winds blew all day, And kept ap till Sand.ty night. Yaeterday, however, was a oem - pl.t. change, being n fin., warm, spring day. Tbe nanal monlbl.v meeting of tbe Ulveratene Town Beajd will be held, en Thursday ev.nleg. l'etutt- ;rnwere sown doomed to di.iip- polntment (writ«B oer Ulroretone oorn o- pendent). Those who bad early tnbers up on Bsnday morning rooolved a eovoro ahook on finriiag'.ibem out to the ground by tbe frost, whioh 'waB very e.vero, ontting off oven form ; indeed, it wee one ef tbo worst this year. .VAt Leith one farmer loot a o.eplo of eerei of potatoes j'i'l hwd ready for billing np Batnrdey wao verv oold, and eligbt sbowore ef eleet nod enow full in the Inteilor, whilst 111. Black Bluff yesterday presented a very while appear anoo Hr N. E. Lewis has gieen notios ts ask tbo Premier in tbo Houso of Assembly this afternoon wbotbor, in view of tie rejeotion of th. -Lend Tax Bill by ftbo Legislative Oo'oncil, K Is tbe Intention ' of lbs Government to levy for tho year 1896 a land tax of Jd ia tbo £ on Iho oapital value of land nndor tbo previaiooe of tbo existing law ; If the an.wor is in tba aiBrmativo, to ask whether Government propose to.introdnoo sny mossare daring tho present sessioa to givo relief to mortgegDre, and if eo to what extent? . - One by one the old identities of the Coast are passing away, and on Sunday one of the oldest residents of Devonport, Mrs A. Gardam, expired. The deceased lady, who was 81 years of age, landed at the Mersey from Melbourne in 1857 ar- riving in the schooner Hercules, which was under the command of Captain Hedstrom. Her husband had taken up his residence at Torquay some twelve months before, where he had prepared a home for his wife and family. For thirty-eight years the de- ceased lady resided almost continuously on the eastern side of the river. She was well acquainted with the struggles of the early settlers, and her service had been in much request as a nurse. She was perhaps the first lady member of the Church of Eng- land at Torquay, and had been known as "the mother of the church," her family being among the founders of the church in the then sparsely-populated district. Her husband predeceased her some fifteen years, but she leaves a family of four children, Robert, George, and Henry, and one daughter (Mrs Jacqueirg [sic], at present residing in New Zealand), and numerous grandchildren. The deceased retained her faculties up to the last, and passed peace- fully away. Tho sosretary of tbo North-Wost Oent Football Assooiation informs a.s that; tbs takings at tba gate at too Besrealion Be- sorve, Latrobe, on Batarday .ft.rnosn, on the ocoaaion of tho Dovonport-Barrlngton matob, amountod to £4 17s 31. Tlio expenses wore £1 8s, this Isaving £3 9s 3d to be handad to tba JDoven Osttsgo Hospital. Tbe eteam- launsh Tbiall, with tbo D.vonport Band on baard,rsnanexoarsiaa to Latrobo on Batorday afteraoon, on tho ocoaaion of tbo football matob. There wore a good number of pasaongori, aud tba trip resulted io a finanoia! luoooss. Owiog te the latonosa in loaving on tbo return joir- noy, waiting for some of tho tardy oncer tbo vos.el had soon diffionlty in eomiog dawn tho river, on aoooont of tbe low state of tbe tide, and when nearly opposite the wharf at (Feat Devonport, took bank, and remained fast for some time, A fow of tbe psseengers got eehore in boite) bnt tho majority had to remain on board until the vossai fioatid and waa barthed at tha ateging at tbo Viotoria Firry. Tho night wao bitterly oold, sad Iho eaforo-d otay on tho vessel wao not at all appreci ated, Tbo ghost soare at East Dovonport ha, bean happily oleared np, sad " it ' baa boon proved nv shadow, bat a sabslinoe, Dili gent enqoirioo were made by the patioo with tbe rosalt that tbs " masqu.radir 'I who so aoarad tbe twa lata wayfavari was foond to ba a lady reaidant wb» paid a Ut« visit to tba ftrry. Sht hap a covering on her headp and on being aaoaatad did not reply, bit want rapidly towarda bar homa, ; It ia Bitlafaotory to nolo (wiltai aar Ulvaretoua oorraspondant) that tbe dali- vorlea of milk at tbo dairy factory aro ii- ereaslog daily. A meeting of tba sommittoo of tbo Levanpart Pioigbing AsaooLtten waa bold at Gluyton'ti Hotel on Batnrd&y; evening. Prtweni : tfeeira J, Lack (in tha obtir), J . Labrnan, A, Rndd, B, Bndd, E Oala, ami H. Fannoc (ban boo). lb» prizsa wara awarded, and tbi Baorotary reported (bat tha cooteate bad been a fioanoiAl boocoshi af, after paying all aooonnttfi a very fair balanoo waild ba oarriad farward. Thir waa oonriderid vary ealiifao- tory. Tbo following ia ibd prize list Oliia A : H. Williams, first, £6 ; A.ndd aeoond, £2. and epiolal givan by Mr J; Lahman ; W. Appleby, th'rd, big of flour given by M«a»rs W. Lack A Oo., and Bp- olal givan by Mr J. Wilson far bat crown. Oliea B : W. Boynolda, Irit, £2 IOi, and divided epi clal givan by Mr Ookerby for but orown with W. Williama; W. Wil liams aod W. Smith divided eaoand, £1 10a. Glua G : E. French And A. Elpbiaitone divided first and aaoand, £2, B. Froaoh taking Bptuial for orawn givan by MeBirB T, Edginton & Ov. Glaaa D : W. Dazriay first, £1, and apeciat given by Mr 0. A , Littlar for belt crown. B. Klmbariay'a trim, warkad by W. Dazalay, tank tbs peolal prizs given by tbn aaaooiatlon for tha bast groomad tiam of bones. A charge In oonnaotlon with tba raoant Bhoottog eaea at tho Kindrad will be fatard at tbo Ulvaratona Folloe Goart ta-day. It will ba remomborad that on Angnst 9 a roan named William Mather wti shot at by Jamai Faster, tba formar being nnlaw- fnlly on his pramiaaa, it balog alleged that ba went there tor tbe parpeee of purloining somo bees. Mather wae inbsaqaently oharged with tbe effenee, and, pleading gnilty, was imtenoad to fourtaan days' imprisonment. A simmoni btfl now bean leaned against Footer, ebergtng him with nnlawfnlly wonndlng Mather, and the ease will be determined to-day; Among tbe names of iho Udier who uiilited in providiog rafraebmeota, Ao, at plongbiag oentaita at Devonport on TiUreday, we omitted to mantien Mlei F. AbeAv»|tbIa lady tendering valublt aid. ) A . n»e iug, cou»" nM'i by Mr !' ? Btovrart, of thoae Intoreateil, to atrango virioua delnflit, including fixing a date for a public meeting, wUli regard to bridging tba Maraey, wae to have been held al 3 p.mi yesterday, at tba Minieteri-- oom( Pablio Baildinge. However, only one er two, in addltlou to the convener, pat io an appearand!), and tha affair fell through ' Tbo utrifo of tba elementa waa elrofl'riy in evidanoe at tbe meetiog of the Balltou Road Trust on BMnrday ovenlng when that body bnd to pay away £12 10«, wbloh, with tbe exoeptlen of a f«w uhllllogB, ill for olanrtng fallen trees from tbo various made In the dicttiot. Aejall tbu atoiente had not eoiua io, and tbvro are ati'i a few treed aaroi-a dome of thw; roads, Itllai expeoted that tbe Horn of olearing rotda will be eoneiderablo at (be 'nexl meotiog alia. Tbe Govaromont have offered a reward- of £60, dnpplaraented by a reward pf £50 offarad by tbe South Britiah Fire snd Marino Ioaoranoa Company, for Informa tion tint will tead to tbo apprvbnaion and eonviotioo of the person or poraood who, on Aegeet ' 8,' wilio'ly eat bin flro tbe promisee coeupted by Mr MiobaaRMartin, at Barriogten. t ; At tbo Sbtffield Pollob Court on Wtdnta- day, bafore J, Aoklin ttrq, J.?, Homy Nefdon .and William Gmby wore oharged with diitnrbing tba poaoe in tbe bar of the' Sheffield Hotel oa tbe previous day; Tbo aeonsod, who wara arrested by Oonitab'o- Burni and Qulno, pleaded guilty, and were oiob fioed 5', or in default forthright boare iinpriaonment. I On 8unday a numbir of Seventh Day Advenlittd drove to Eaet Divonport, from Litrabe, aud bold a baptismal sarvioe at tbe Terqaay Batbr, led by Mr Baker. A oiu didata wao immaraad, and tbe nervioe oteeed in tbe nanal manner. The day wan after wards spent by the brethren on tbe beaoh at Kant Devonport. Tba cootruotora for installing in Main street, Ulveratene, are making fair pro grate now (bet - the .weather Ie more favorable. . j The oommittoe of the late Glbiin Manorial, Hall purpose to tboriagblyielaar np the debris of the mined 'b'aildlag en Teeadey next, end to that end in another eolemn raqaeat tba working man ef tbe distriot to oontlone on1 that day tbe work wbloh tbay a'Vwell commenoed a fortnight baok. Tbo ladien of tbe distriot are alio eolioited to provide refreshments for tbe worker, a task whioh they so genneoily undertook aod well carried oat on tb eooaslrn of the laet bee. Entries for tbs forthcoming U1 vers tone Dag and Paaltry Show ara vary good, oonsldering it is the first in that distriot: Tbo committee, finding that some loos ax blbitors bad everlaeked tbe date for lending In thrir entries, have decided to reeelve entrios «p to Saturday next. '.'The Motoary" gives parUonlarsof a most diatroieiog aeoldent wbiob oeoorrad at Booth Bridgewater railway station on Saturday, whereby George Prldbam, acting geard, was eevorely InjareJ. The enforto nate man foond, aa a train was laaviog the tetion, that tha brakes were down on the front van, wheraopon be ran along, tbe platform, released them, left tbe van, and awaited tbe approach of the rear yan, wbiob be attempted te enter ; bat be mleied bis bold tad fell. His foot, resting on tbe rail, was paansd ever by .two wheels, and so severely aoerted that ampeution had to ha resorted to. Tbe driver, observing tbe mishap, at enoe brosgbt tba train to a BtaadHtill and Prld ham wae plaoad in the van nod taken te Hobart, and osnveyed. to tbs hospital Pri litem is ngsneral favorite among bio followamployees at Hobart, and It re garded by tbo department as a most ef- fiolent man. He U married, , and baa a large family. ' With regard to tbe Teaman/an honey tent Home to Eogland tbe Premier (saya tbe Hebirt evening paper) has received a eommanieation from P. Tnllaek & Son Londeo, stating that, maoh greater diffioalty was being «xperieooed in dis posing of tbe hont-y than waa ever antfoipited,aHboaghthe biyers admit it is worth from 30a to 40s, bet not mere than tbe latter. Tbay will not at tba present time even nffer that for it. Simples were submitted to tbe principal buyers, but withoet reenlt, soma being filly anppHed or sqpplies oontraoted for this year. Others will not take ip a new thing for whioh there fe no -demand, and other again do not like the flaver. It wbb therefore pit up for eale by poblio anotlon and a reserve prioe plaoed upon it ; bnt, nfertanately, there was net a single bid, the opinion ef tbe brokers, being that aUboegb it ia a perfeot table boney In appearance and eeoelsteney, there ia aome- ln tbe flavor net anlted to tbe English taste. Efforts are new being made to plaoo It satisfactorily. A novel oase wis dlepoasd of in the New Soeth Wales Bepreme Oonrt on Friday. Tb plaintiff was Donald Trosgh- ten, Police Magistrate at Mere, and the defendent a resident of the earn plioe. It was alleged that the latter, on being un- enooeaefal in some appeals made by bim against the mmlolpal asieeBment of oer- tain ot bis nropertte. made ate ef words In open ooert t tbe effeot that if be bad not made certain romsrks at a pablio meeting respeoling tbe plaiotiff ba weald have had bis rates reduced, and ale tbat be " ooold net get juttloi b»re." Tbe oase wis commenced on Tbarsday, and was not oeaoladed entil tb&tday; Iaeummlng ap tbo Chief Jesllce pointed oat bow etrione a charge of eor raptlen against a magistrate was, and asked the jary to find answers to these twa qn«e tlons (1) Whether tbe worde complained ef were spoken ; (2) Whether they were poken at a time when plaintlifi ehiraeter was likely to be Injured ? Tbo answer to both questions was in tbe affirmative, and plaiatiff obtained a verdlot for £300 damagstr, | Mr G, Atkinson will held bis stock eale at Sheffield on Friday next, end oa the' following day be will held fall fertnlghtly! took sell nt hie Utreha yivda. ' ..Sauiu ot .llio-.-etnratievpers ot Latrobe (writes- ear oorrespondent) ere " land In their wail " againet farmir for supplylog tbem with bntlpr , nnder wviglit, One gantlemsn found that his allugtd posnd pate would net tarn tbo soale at above !49B. The ooutm'utf> In Iho reoent prize fight at tho Forth, . William Nevillo and Meets, will apoorr, at th« Polloa Court at East Divoeport tomorrowf to anwr oertalo chargeN In ounnHr.tipu with tb affair. I,q ooramiite« on the tariff in IhejHeuee of iLpreerntatives of Now Zreland on Friday, a moiioi to strike out the (fuiy of Id pur lb en apph-s, pears, plnms, oherrUe, peaohes, n'otarioe-', undlari, aprioote, qslnoes, and tomatoes was deNated'by 30 votes to 24. It# was then roselved that from tbe end of April till tlie ehd of No vember In oaoh 3 ear the dey on Ispplts and pears ebonld ba only Od per lb. Mr Eddy, the South Australian tbnltnr expert -In Loudon, has forwardod to ibo Mlaistor of 'A tioil«rs ,of the macbfno invented, hy-a Swode, wbloh was mnUcnad in our Leo doo cablegrams a few daye ba- k, ;nd wbloh It is olaimad oan tnru inl'k into better in the space of ono mlaate. Mr. Eddy says ha has not yet. goon tberoalby Into tba mattar. bat if tun machine falfile ell that is olaimed fo. it. It .wlll praotlenlly revolntionisj the dairying indaitrv. ... . Mr B. Eirkwoad writes from North Molten, Impugning the aeonraey ef ta re port of a ball held at that ptaoe forwarded by a oorrespondsnt, wbiob appeared a few days ago lo thono columns. Mr KIrkwood says It ,wu net a ball, bat a social : tb ball was not lent, but was rented by the wbq gave -.the aooial, or bnll, or wbatover It was ; and there waa nothing mentioned In tbe ball abant belle or bean, " by anyone that had anything to do with it." . Mahomed Bakbah, no Indian hakem, or dootor, has opo»d eonnelting rooms at tha Goffee Palaoe, West Davenport, and,' may be seen there daring the next fortnight. The nnmereee certificates and testlmeniilH be possesses seem to prove that Mahomed Bakhsh ie little lose than a mlraole- worker in tbe cure of the maladies whioh be traits. His Indian diplomas convey that for, oan teries bis family have been dooters, and to Mahomed Bakbeh has been hsided down the skiM and nmedieB nted by his anees- tors. He performs, he asserts, no opera tions, bnt relief solely on herbs; He bta lataly travelled tbrengbeet Viotoria, and when, a short time baok, the oitory was raised In tbnt oolony against Indian doctors, Mahomed Bakbsb was left cevere'y alone by tbe aaibtritiei, wbs, it is to ba preiamsd, were satisfied aa to his bona fides, end at the onree wbiob he was effeot ing. Borne -pigeon shooting events are; aa- noonoed to oeme off at Latrobe en Tieeday next.' ! ' ' j Mr 8. T. Middleton anuounoes tbu be baa pnrebaaed the etook, Ao, ot the) late firm of Jamn York & Co., Lower Barring- ton, and lolioitaaoentinnaeoe of tbe liberal eopport given to his predecessors. He la now opening new sprln< and simmer goods, ef whlob ba Invites ioaneotiea.' 