Ghost's Story. I am a ghost by profession. I haunt residences, chateanx, cabs, coroner lots—anything—for a consideration. But lately—trade is dull. People haven't time to be haunted ; and, unless they have some fell purpose in view, they no longer hire spooks to gaunt other people. Here is Christmas-time, and I haven't more than give engagements—and what paltry en- gagements they are! One fellow living off in the country has his wife's mother living with him, and he wants me to gaunt the old lady until she adjourns. Nice business for a respectable ghost to be in! Then listen to this: Here's a man writes to say that his wife is set on having a sealskin sacque, and he wants to know what I'll charge to sit on the footboard of her bed, grinning at her through a skull for an hour every night for three nights running, with a seal sacque over my shoulders. Do you call that a dignified thing? Now, here'sa bid I rather like: A young man out at Oke-stogy wants me to attend a big ball there on Christmas Eve, and horrify everybody but himself—his idea being that the girl he loves will so admire his bravery in the presence of a superhuman being, that she will refrain from being a sister to him. That's the kind of business that I like, because it makes somebody happy ; but this trade of badgering an old lady just because she happens to be a man's wife's mother—why it's positively low ! Then, there's another congrenial bid I've got for Christmas Even; A body who was discovered to be dissipated by his rich father 10 years ago, and who name has been removed from the old gentleman's will, has retained me to appear at his governor's bedside as the clock strikes 12, and simply soak him with remorse, and secure the boy's rein- statement. I like to do a kind act of that sort, particu- larly when, as in the present instance, my client offers ot give me half of what he gets out of it. What's that? I must be rich by this time? Well, I guess not! That's the one great trial of my business. So many of my clients go back on me. I haunt for 'en—I horrify and terrify ; I do everythinga spook can do to achieve their ends ; and, by George ! when I come to ask for my money, they pretend not to see me. It's easy to pretend not to see a ghost, you know ; and what redress have I? Not a bit. Who ever heard of a spook having any standing in court. 