AFFAIRS AT SAMOA. "Everything quiet at Apia," said Captain Smith, of the steamer Taviuui, which ar rived yesterday from Fiji, Tonga, and Sa moa. At Tutuila, however, a different stato of affairs existed. There tho chiefs, that uuea uui rute anu Keep oruor m tueir uia- trlct, havo lost their influence, which is now taken up by ex-teachers and usurpers of names and titles, who delight in keeping the people in a Continual turmoil. Amongst all this lawlessness and strife (writes a correspondent) are a few foreigners striv ing to eke out an existence. Annually the tax-collector appears amongst us for tho collection of taxes. Taxation and no protec tion! Surely tho f miners of tho Berlin Treaty never intended this to he so; and, abovo all, this obnoxious boat tax — an ar ticle taxed because it is part and parcel of a trader's stock, to assist him in his busi ness. \tfo have obstacles enough to con tend with without this. You cannot get labor under a dollar a day to go Into a boat, tho exorbitant demands for their labor rendering our boats almost useless." Messrs. Fohon and Oliver, the two Rail way Commissioners, left Sydney last night for tho southern district on a tour of in- spootion. They are expected to return at tho end of tho week. A deputation will wait on tho Promler at jl a.m. on Thursday next from tho Muni cipal Association, to urgo upon him the necessity of reconsidering his decision to abandon tho Local Government Bill, and to aslc that It Bhall ho pushed through both Houses boforo the present session closes, A further deputation will meet the Premier at noon on tho same day from the Cham ber of Commerce, to ask that the Govern ment should join In tho construction of tho Pacific cable. The following tondor3 havo boon accepted hy tho Minister for Works:— Frederick Lemm, jun., Balmaln, oroctlon of statlon- mastor's house at Canterbury, Mnrrlckvlllo to Burwoqd-road railway, £458; J. B. and W. Farquharson, Tocumwal, erection of bridge over Murray River, at Swan-hill, f739 18s lid; William Davics, Whltton, erection of bridge over Nino Mile or Plm- Creek, road Maud to Oxley, £210. Tenders wore received by tho Railway 'Commissioners yesterday for tho following contracts: — Construction of bridge, at 15 m'le= 23 chains, Northern lino, seven ten- -lc-s lowest D. M'Gill and Son, £505; pur- cb"o of old galvanised iron (two tenders), -n'1 supply of overcoats, etc. (five tenders), of schedule rates. Mr C. E. Jeannerot, who has for somo -e"'S agitated, in common with other gen tlemen, for tho construction of a tramway to tho Field of Mars, has received a com munication from tho secretary to tho Min ister for Public Works, stating that the Minister has decided to "refer tho proposal to construct a tramway from the Field of Mars to Woolwich to tho Public Works Committee." Fifty-four candidates presented them selves at tho first examination in connection with tho Trinity College, London, at Par ramatta, on Saturday. Mr. D. O'Reilly, M.P» addressed the candidates, and among those present were Archdeacon Gunther, Dr. Harris, Mr. C. J. Byrnes (Mayor), and Mr. Arthur Massey (local secretary). A meeting of "Sir John Robertson's me morial committee was held last, night at Quong Tart's rooms, Pltt-strcet. Mr. J. F. Burns presided. Several members of the committee handed in subscriptions, which they had collected to date, and ar rangements were made for the issue of sub scription lists to the country districts. The Union Company's steamer Taviuni arrived in Sydney yesterday from an island cruise, bringing several passengers, and consignments of island produce. She met H.M.S. Rapid at Samoa, making prepara tions to visit Fiji to meet the Admiral. The mission steamer John Williams was also in port. She was recently thrown open to inspection, and visited by a large number of Samoan residents, who subse quently attended Sunday morning service on hoard the vessel. At the local Sunday- school the share certificates wore distri buted to those who had subscribed to the mission steamer, and interesting addresses Were delivered by Captain Hore and others. The Singleton "Argus" lets out a little secret as to how some protectionist speeches bear such a remarkable similarity: — "At a public meeting in one of the metropolitan suburbs, not long ago, three gentlemen read speeches in opposition to the policy of tho Reid Ministry. Some inquiring and in genious reporter managed to got hold of tho manuscript of tiie speeches and resolu tions, and discovered that they were all in tho same handwriting, and that, the paper was all embossed with one and the same stamp. Now, tho ghost who did this must have been a very clever fellow." Who is the ghost? Prior Vaughan will speak at the Town- ball to-night, and unfold liis scheme for the betterment of the masses. Sir Fre derick Darley will preside, and a distin guished company will bo present on the platform. Dr. Emily B. Ryder is to give her lec ture "How not to be ill" in the Town-hall, Parramatta, thij afternoon. The attendance of visitors at each of the Technological Museums under the Depart ment of Public Instruction during the month of May, in the afternoon only, were as follow: — Sydney, It, 812; Newcastle, 4810; Bathurst, 2331; Goulburn, 1092; West Mail- land, 1G0G. Sydney Hospital report for week ended June 8: — Admitted, 40 males, 24 males, to tal 64; discharged, 36 males, 22 females, total 58; died, 1 males, 2 females, total 6; remaining, 159 males, 111 females, total 270; casualties treated but not admitted, 680; outdoor patients treated, 1824. 