AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. Dr J. W. ITENDE:soN. It was in January, and we woroin Intitude 5drcg. 21min. south. The heat was beyond description, for we were lying becalmed under a tropical sun. The sea was a deep up phiro blue, tranelueent to a myeterious depth, so that, leaning over the rail, one could see bits of gayly tinted nea-need float ing far below the surface. Occasionally a brown fish, looking purple through the glorifying water,would shoot close to the ship and then, smiting the placid depths into ohivering silver, go scurrying away into the infinite unknown of the great deep. There was not a breath of air. The ees lay likomolten glass under the pitilesso sun. and the long undulation of the swell semedlike the deep pantingo of a heat oppressed bosom. The horizon was lost in a dim gray haze that quivered with the radiant heat, and avOe everything an appearance of melting. The pitchin the seams of the deck was soft and sticky. Sammy Scurles, the eecnnd mate, declared that on the iorecoatle deck tko pitch was boiling. We were aboard the ship Afton Falls, homeward bound from the Cape of Good lope. Fred Meredith and I were taking a long sa-voyage for the benefit of our health. Vo had been fortunate enough to secure berths on the Afton Falls for the voyege from New York to the Cape and back. The ship was a big, able craft of Novia Scotia build, commanded by Captain Harry Down, as ine a sailorman as ever handled a pig-yoke. Vo had been at Durban, and had rolled al most down to our lower yardl-arma on the big swell that always tumbles in towards that uninviting beaoch, audwo had wondered how on earth any sane person could choose uch a place to hvoe in. We had also been under the shadow of Table look, and had come out of the bay in one of those rushing winds that come down the mountain and blow a gale inside the bay, when outside the sea is smooth and the wind very light. And here we were a few hundred miles on our long trip, becalmed and bnhing. Captain Bown, Mferedith, and I wore sitting underan awning Spreadover one side of the quarter deck. The Ship was under a splendid dis play of canvas, but the sails were simply bleooching in the sun. The courees were clewed up, in the vain hopo that a stray breath of air might steal along the deck. The man at the wheel mopped his brow, and stared helplessly at the compass card. The chip had no steerage-way. The vessel was full of groano and creae and the clicking of hooked doors as she rolled lazily on the long, low swells. Sammy Scurlee, the second mate, had gone to the main topmast head, for he declared that he had got a little fanning every time ohe rolled. The men forward were lying about in all sorts of attitudes ex preeeivce of weariness and diguest. One fellow climbed out ou the jib-boom, went to sleep and almoot fell overboard. As we sat staring at one another, the voice of the coloured cook arose from the galley trolling aditty which h e h had picked up in the Southern States: " Die byah niggah ain't gwino tor die Till old Jim Crow come roan' by-me-by, An' say' IHey. niggab, yo' got ter fly high'; Umph-umph Ah,umph-umphl" Tiho Captain, Fred, and I looked at .one an other, and smiled. We wondered how any one could muster up euergy enough to sing. For a few minutes nothing was heard save the creaking of the ship's timbersand the flnpping of her idle canvas. Then the cook lifted up his voice again : ' I with I war in Baflin's Bay, Whar all the niggahs am made oh clay, An' posuoms go a skatin' obbery day. H:...Roop.e6.looay· A.l-+A?,ia'f-3N-,, .-""7 Slidin' down a iceberg in Ballia's Day." At that the three of us burset into laugh ter, anod Captain flown raid: " I believe the fellow's right. The only thing to do on euch a day is to imagine you are in a cold place." "You are just right," said Fred. "I wish Iwere doing a cake walk around the north pole." ' Well.I don't believe I should care much about that," said I. " The north pole is a hard place to get to, and a harder place to got away from." "That's very true, air," said Peter Young, the first mate, who had just finished taking a night, and wason his way below. "Did you ever hear of the whaling ohip Young Pbhoenix." "No," exclaimed Fred. " What about her ?" SWaef, sir, she's a 835-ton whaler that went out about two years ago. She was as fine a vesselas ever carried a cook, sir, and was said to be a hard one to beat on a bowline. Well, she got caught it the ice a hundred miles or so north of Point Barrow, and; wae crushed in below the water line, so that she was supposed to be. sinking,, and here orew abandoned her. The crew escaped.: and made their way back to civilised parts of the world,but their ship did not tink." " Whatbecame of her?' 1 asked. "Well, sir," said the mate, with a myete. riousair, ".sh'e sailing those eas yet, with out a captain or without a crew."• " How do yot know ?" demanded Fred. ' " Sh's been ighted, ir, More than that. tho's been boarded." S" When l'" f"How :' we exclaimed. LLast spring a man named Loavitt, ,ightcd a whaler standing towards shore, surrounded by ice-bergs. There she was, with her fore and main topzails set, and all her gar just glittering with ice in the sun light." " Ilow was it she hadn't sunk 7" asked Fred. "Why, bless you, sir, she wasn't inthe waiter at all. She was about filty feet away from it, up on the ice, resting there just as comfcrtuble us a b.aby in a cradle, and just as sake too. LIavitt boarded her, and found everything on her decks as neat as if all hands had jest gone ashore for a hlak. You see the ice had quooezed in under her, and lifted her up." " And you think ehola there yet ?" I in quircd. " Jost as Eure as over you live, air. Why, the ice up there docen't melt all away in the spring, It breaks up in some places, but mostly it just kecpis growing aud growing, and I shouldn't wonder at all if tsome of tlhose largo bergs were hundreds of years old. Don't you think so, Captain 7" "I think you a.e about right, Young," said the captain. " 1 bave heard about that whaler, buhabe isn't a marker on an arctic yarn she reminds meof." "Something in your own experience, Cap?" I nsaed. " Yes." " Then by all means lot us hear it," said Fred. "I never knew you had been a whaler.'' " Yes,' said the Captain, " when I was in commaud of the Sealokin, I was wei.-'-nown at Upernavik, and they do say I have been awayup---- ut that's what I am coming to. I had been one summer knocking about the ontrance of Dlflin a Bay, and hr.dn' done a great deal. I was told by some E.quoimaux that a large number of right whales had been seen oil the cast coast of Greenland. and I decided to cruise that way. In August we hadn't seen a ghost cf a whale, but I pushed on, and when about sixty miles cast of Gaol Hawk's Bay, the welcome cry came from the crow's nest, " Thlr-r-r-o olhn blows I' " ' Where away 7' I shouted. •"' Two points off the Ice bow, sir.' " Well, I am not going into a whaling story. It's enough to say we get that brute, and did a big trade in the coureo of the next six weeks. Two months late: I ealured my course towards Spitlbergen, to go into wic tor quarters there, and start north in the spring. I hadtho north pole fever, which so often catches whalers, and I wanted to steal a march on every one else. On October 7th, a sail was eighted far away to the north ward, and I wondered whbcther cme other fellow had my idea, Ilowever, i had not much time to wonder, for no sooner had we sighted that sail than it began to blow from thoeouth-.outh cast, and in a few hbcur we found ourselves in a moat terrific Cala of wind. " As it was blowing my way, I scudded with the wind for iorty-cigbt hours, try lart obervations as our novn position, giving lat. 7'1eg. Jtin. north, andl long. 7dreg. 37min, west. Ilow far beyond that we went no man will ever know. My reckoning was entirely lost. I had no idea where we were The cold was intense, and great bergs loomed up in all directions, the sea breaking against them filled the air with thunder. In themidst of this awe-inspiring scene I was autounded by hearing the cry, ' Sail bol' "She was not more than three miles away. She was a vessel of very old build, with a high-poop deck, and she was under all :lain sail Igoing like a phantom, and aoon disap peareS. I bsat to the southward for flon days, ighting against hea on an and through ice, when the sun came out, and I got sights to determine our position. Where do yoe nuppose wo were 7" " Where !" we both asked, eagerly. "In lt. 81dcg. 57min. north, and long.i 10deg. i4Smin. west. How far north of that we had been that we abhould have taken fcue days to beat bask, is boydnd me to guess." " What became of the strange ship 7" I asked. " I am coming to that. We went into wiuter-qur.rterain Mosel Bay. In thesprin? we made exeursions on sledges, and on one of these we found our phantom. As we rounded a point onoe of the men cried: ' Soil ho I There heo ia again I' " And there was our old acquaintance, still under onl sail, but motionless. Seeing that she was fast in the ice, I boarded her. lie, rigging was sheathed in ice, and her entire appearance was weird and alarming. I searched high and low over her decks and in her cabins, but found no signs of either lifet or death. I was just coming away from her cabin, filled with wonder and awe at the strange rencontre, when 1 saw, pinned to the cabin table with an old-fashioned dagger, a piece of paper, yellow with age, containing some faint writing in a strange language. Upon going over it, on returningf to my own 'ship, a Dutch sailor said it was in his tongue, but some of the words were now out of esc. It read thus: "Christmas, 1711 .in. "This day we must leave the ship. We have been without food, eave one ptarmigan. for two days. The ship is frozen fast in the ice, with all her sails set, and we are not strong enough to furl them. We must try to find land, where the savages may feed us or put us out of our misery. Why did we over seek for health in these frozen seaee It is-." And there the writing bcoame illegible." " And did you you leave the old ship there 7" acked Fred. "No; we burnt her. She had been career. ing over the deep long enough, fretzing faet when winter camp,and set loose inthe spring. for 163 years. "And is this the strangest thing that ever happened in your experience at seca ?"I .asked. " Yes, by far the strangest." I" That beats the Young Phtenuix hollow," said the first mate, going below. We were silent for a moment or two. Then Sammy Secr!es came rattling down from the maintop-maet head, crying "Here comes a brcec." 