HHOT& AND FINANCE- If is reported that a slusr weighing 104 02s. has been found at Hogan's Gully, just outside the north end of the town. We have been shown a specimen of chromite by Mr. Ohas. Dennys from his claim the Wheel of Fortune, three miles south of Coolgardie. The ironstone shows gold freely when fractured. This ore usually occurs in nodules or grains. The specimens under notice constituted a large nodule, and carry gold in many of the fractures. The presence of gold in this matrix is. we understand, very rare. A further batch of rich specimens from the Fremantle lease at the Tvreut.y-iire Mile have reached town. These are richer than any previously exhibited, and show visible gold up to 7t» per ceut. of their bulk. Mr. E. Herbert Becke has purchased Christie's half share in ttie Siberia Reward Claim for the sum of £12.*>0 cash. Exemptions were granted on Saturday last to the following leases. Particulars of the periods, terms, and reasous were given -irr previous issues of Tin: MISER:—R>12. 844\. S01. 1170.1479.417. 1442,1192.531.. 1 530. 1586\. 906. 935. 793, 14. 142. 547.250. 571, 709.'722.'874, 1062. 1299. 1250. 778. 134. 1162\. 1073, 1278, 971. 1026. 1370. 1279. 581. 744\. 1289. 1188A. 43S. 51-S. 370. 383. and 774. Wc acknowledge with thanks the receipt of Hie December report of Elmslie Limited, of \- S AVNOI Exchange. Colemau-street, I5.C. in reference to Western Australia the firm says :—" West Australian mines have lulled, but arc now coming to the front again. The Australian managed companies are 1 he best to select, but investors should assure themselves they are dealing with brokers who are conversant with the peculiarities of ilie Xo Liability Act. This Act is an excellent one, but rarely understood here." The lists of companies in. the report are very serviceable. A French compauy has been registered whose okjects arc the acquirement of Australian mining properties, more especially some of those in Western Australia. It is called the " Nevr Austral Company Limited and has a capital of .£400.000 distributed in £200 shares. Two more companies operating in remote part* of the earth have expressed their intention of acquiring West Australian properties. These are the La Plata (Argentine Republic) Mines Limited and the Emma Company, Limited. The Callao Bis (Peru) aud the Idaho we know of already. Besides these there arc to be reckened the Dickeu's Custer (U.S.), Clenrock. Golden Leaf. La Plata and.Ophir concessions. A French Trust in Westralian mines is being formed. M. Svmon, a Gallic expert-, lias already paid a visit to Coolgardie, and M. M. Goudcliaus.se aud Duraud are negotiating the concern in London. Our anticipations of some months since geem likely to be realised. Mr. Edmund Mitchell, special correspondent to the London Bally Cronicle, the British, Amtralatian and the Glasgow Herald i» in town, and is contributing articles to the journals he represents on the position and prospects of the field. He expre»=ed himself as highly pleased with what he has so far seen, and says also that the people of Glasgow are specially interested in W.A. ventures, and that a great amount of capital is likely to come from there to aid the development of our resources. Yet another view of the field aud an idiotic and untruthful one: — "Mr. W. Waugh. of Sydney, writing from Hannan's, West Australia, to a friend in Sydney respecting Coolgardie and its prospects, states that no new fields had been discovered, and thatfossickiug and dry- blowing old workings is all that has been going forward for some time past'. He states emphatically that no quartz reef has yet been discovered. The quartz, with payable gold that has been found has only been in the shape of narrow reivs. or leaders, that might possibly pay if worked by two or three men. This however, would only be 60 long as the patches or bunches lasted, which, as a rule, is only for a short time. A short way down and the leader or vein pinches out. Even where the specimens bad been found no reef existed. The writer deplore? the attempts made by certain interested persons to mislead the public through the Coolgardie and other news papers. and instances an account where a reef 6ft. wide was struck at the 200ft. level, which would crush lOoz. to the ton, whereas, the writer states, not even the color of quartz could be shown at that level, to say nothing of gold. He does not believe there is a chauce of any company ever declaring a dividend, warns people against going to the district, and mentions the fact that the alluvial gold is found in patches only, and under circumstances different from those of amy other colony." Csesar s ghost' As other® see us:—Mr. Thomas Russell, of Trial Bay, who has had experience on all the great goldfields of Australia, returned to Sydney from West Australia on Monday (the Telegi-aph says). Unlike many of thoia who visited the Coolgardie and other fields, Mr.Bussell takes quite an optimistic view of them. Aud no wonder. He lauded there,he says, with 58. in liifi pocket: now he has three good leases *t the Black Flag, 25 miles from Coolgardie: two of three leases. 12 acre blocks, have been sent to London to bs floated, "There are hundreds of miles ofgold country/' he adds, "aud I believe the colony is going to be the richest and largest goldfield in the world. But you can't pick up the gold: you must work for it: aud you muit carry water with you. You can't expect a feather bed to lie on either; you have to chuck down your blanket and lie anywhere. I've seen youcg fellows there from the Government offices in Svdnev : knew nothing at all about gold digging or roughing it. They started out with a camel or two, a few pounds, aud no experience; they have come back dead broke and covered all over with scurvy, brought on by eating tinned tucker and drinking condensad water. It's an awful country to Jive in. but there is money there, and I intend to take my wife and family to Perth, aud leave them there while I go up country again." Mi. liussell, it is needless to say," has something like contempt for the men who come back from Western Australia and "run it down." His opinion is that they ought to liave stopped at home. Letters in New York papers declare that "there is a great gold excitement in the Argentine Republic, r. . and thousands of . prospectors a r e r u s h i n g in to the Chubut Territory, where, m the opinion, of ail expert Californiau miner who has explored its mountains and valleys. are the richest gold veins iu the world, and more yellow metal in sight than the capital and deposits of the Bank of England could pay for. The discoveries arc iu the foothills ef the Andes, near the source of the Rio 3s egro. Gil bey's Dry Gin. and wholesome. Absolutely pure A new lint! has been made close to Siberia. An outcrop showing for 50 chains has been struck, and is stated to be very rich. Iso detail? are yet ro hand. The following are yesterday's quotations 011 the Coolgardie Steck Exeliange:—Arrow, 2s. s. Is. 6d. b: Bayley's, 12s. s: Consols, 4s. 3s. 3d. b : 2So/1 South, 14s. s: Cosgrove's, 4s. s. 3s. b: Croesus. 3s. s. 3s. b : Golden Bar. 5s. s : Lake View, 7s. fid. s, G*. 6d. b ; JS T ew \ letona (con), 6s. s ; Tindal's (pro), 8s. \s. b ; (con). 5s. 9d. b ; Water Supply. £21. Messrs. Millar Brothers,- the well-known capitalists and speculators, are now on a visit to Coolgardie, having been attracted to the district with tilt idea of carrving out a big water scheme aud establishing ex tensive crushing works at various parts of the field. If they find sufficient- inducement work will be commenced forthwith, and! £100,000 will be at once embarked in the enterprise. We (JJ- .X L'eacw) understand that a company is 111 process of lucubation, which will be the joint oifsprmg of some five or six Coolgardie Companies. The object is to raise £50,000, bv an issue of 50,000 shares of £1 each.for the purpose of purchasing machinery to treat the ore of the several interested Companies. The board will be formed by each Company nominating a director. 'The proi moters arc now negotiating for a machinery j site oi' 10 acres in extent, situated at a place I convenient forcuch of the Companies, and 40 ! head of stampers arc to be sent out without j delay. 'J : lie Company will also'treat ores from outside properties. Captain Begelhole will. we bear, act as geueral manager of the Com- ! pauy in Western Australia, aud Mr Hogg has j been appoiircd consulting engineer, i In view of flic at tempt to ex elude alluvial diggers from the suri'acc ol' leases, the follow- ] ing paragraph from a Victorian journal is interesting:— A reform is about to be made by the Minister of Mines iu the hope that it will be a benefit to miners. He considers that much of t he surface area of leases held for quartz-mining migljt be made available for working miners either by the lessees surrendering such of the surface as is not i required, or by the granting of tributes on j terms to be approved by the Mining Department This is^ likely to be a- stipulation iu J future applications for ' the " consolidation ' of " leases." The Bail;/ Xeirt (Perth") savs - In the window of Mr. A- C. Cook, jeweller of Hay-st., ami lie seen some specimens of stone taken from the reef ou the Glamnirc Gold Mining Syndicate property at 25-Mile at Coolgardie. Taken from the 65 ft. level, frota a reef winch has been followed down from the surface, and is 2 ft. thick, the stone appear* to be rich in fine gold and is estimated to carry an average of 10 ozs. to the ton. There are al»o some specimens from the same party's Full Hand lease where the reef is loft.thick aad is said to be showing splendid gold all through. The syndicate, which comprises a number of Perth aud Fremantle residents, have secured four leases comprising 48 acres', two of the leases being those referred to. Overtures have been made, we are informed, by representatives of London capital to purchase the properties.'" Stone from the Scotia mine, Dundas Hills taken, from a depth of 70 feet has been assayed by Mr. B. H. Woodward and has given > a return of 7 oz. 7dwts. to the tou. j A contributor to the Murchison Times thus j describes the impression formed on a vessel | bound for Adelaide of a number of Coolgardie \ boys:—"There were a lot of Coolgardie people ! on board. It was significant that while all the Murchison Pilgrims travelled in the saloon, the great majority of those from the city of truth and thirst crowded the steerage. ' Isot that there was much in the actual difference of comfort, for when men have led the rough hard life of the gold fields for months at a stretch tke accomodation of the steerage is actual luxury iu comparison. Some of the men had good parcels of gold, 011c returning dry-blower showing a fine nugget of nearly 50 ozs. and another a piece weighing 35ozs.~ but the great majority were stone broke, and curs- 1 ed Coolgardie with an energy that was quite refreshing after a fortnight's absence from the fields. Some rather gloomy accounts were giveu of Coolgardie aud its prospects. Bayley's Reward was said to be crushing mulloekv alluvial stuff, aud the wonderful Wealth of Nations had apparently petered out. the Mantana shares had "slumped" to such an extent that they could be had for nothing. Out of all the phenomenal mines which were to astonish the world and transcend anything ever j discovered at Bendigo. Ballarat or the Trans- I val. there were a mere shadow. Better reports were given about Menzie's Lady Shentou Mine, and Hannan's was highly spoken of—one Melbourne boy clever, bright, aud as full of fun as an. Irish gossoon at his first fair, confidentially remarking that his couple of year's work there would pan out £4,000 at 'least. Formerly he was Secretary of the Victorian Football Association, or something of that sort, and it is not difficult to picture the immense difference in the solitary life of exile herewith its well-earned reward aud that of a popular fasciuatiug darling(off " of the football arena. His father is Mr. Duff, for nearly 15 years Curator of the Melbourne Exhibition Buildings—a position which he still fills with the utmost credit. so the sou is 11 veritable chip of the old block. " One of the curses of the field,' said a deep-voiced C'oolgardian -is the expert. You know him by a khakeesuit. ) a compass, magnet ami magnifying glass, j His first qualification is to be the biggest (we j omjt bis acCural phrase) liar outside the legal ! profession." In all matters pertainiugtomin- • iug of a totally distinct character to that of j Victoria or Charters Towers the Coolgardiaus ; were '.veil posted up. Those 011 the limai minckii. were a fine, manly lot of fellows, well ] set up, and apparently none the worse for j having to mix their waterwith somethingnot usually decorated with a blue ribbon. They ; chimed in with the Murchison pilgrims, aud it j was with mutual regrets ' hat the first breakup took place a' Adelai-J. 