mM£WBr.-)SB0RNESTEPmmS01K ^RaraMm-Tkr, SERVICE AT PERTH. ^^^^ted^ We5^ Cbnn*. *Mb, West ^£^S7wi^B--v. J. b! ^^^^^suWoSwMi6on5^mcer The address ^twas delivered by «fce Eev. G. E. Rowe, **o e; Jgwtoe very sympathetically concerning the & 4«b which the connexion had sustained by the ** jSeattiof Mr. Stephenson. r* Mr. Eowe said that when leaving Perth to '*-l«£toadthe annual conference in Adelaide he \- ~' didnot anticipate that his first service on bis f- xetam to .Wesley Church would be of eo {'' - melancholy a ' character. How quickly it- ^changes took place, and how true were the J-' words 'In the' midst of life we are in f ~ death.' Death had made inroads in k j '/tbe congregation assembling in that church. ?_*_ -They had suffered by the p»«ring away of £f s several esteemed members of the congrega %\\\ tion, and the ranks of the ministry of the §g- church had suffered by the death of Osborne £- Stephenson, to whose 'memory that service ?f was being held. Some present that night r knew him ; all had heard of |him and his work. Those who knew him respected him, loved -\ him, and he was worthy. There was no youth jf to whom he had been so affectionately attached as this dear and departed friend. As a boy of 7 i years of age he knew him in his father's house/ during his first appointment in Australia in the PirieHstreet circuit, Adelaide. At that early age he had learned to show piety at home, and as far as a boy could he interested liimmJf in *fop work of God. Oftentimes when in the vestry prior to the service- Osborne would come in and 'prefer his oft-repeated request that the psalmody shqnld include his favorite hymn, 'Bock of ages cleft for me.' ' It was a real pleasure to him to re ceive a collecting-card^ f or the missions, and : no journey or interview was too long if he \- could only succeed in helping forward the missionary work, and again and again his card topped the list. He was a son of the manse, and worthily had he preserved the traditions. Blessed by the counsel and example of his father, the Rev. Jabez Bunting Stephenson, one of the most eminently gifted ministers of the : Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church, he was doubly blessed by the companionship of his mother, whose praise was in all the churches where her husband ministered. From her he inherited » sweet disposition and un feigned faith which characterised his life and work. The decease of his mother, which took place at sea, when, at the age of 15, with his father and sisters he was returning from a visit to England, he felt most acutely. Immediately . on his arrival, to save his life, he had to lose his right hand. Cheerfully he submitted to the operation, and by an indomitable will he had made his one hand equal' to many persons' two hands. At 19 he began to preach in the Kadina circuit^ the officers of which, on the occasion of his departure, unanimously passed the resolution — ' That in consideration of Brother O. Stephenson's early departure for West Australia to enter into home mission work, we place on record our high appreciation of the services he has rendered ain this circuit as a local preacher. We are 'impressed more and more with the growing usefulness of our brother and the manly and exemplary life that he lives. We are assured that under Divine grace he will become an ornament to the Christian Church.3' Twelve months ago he entered upon the full work ofpreaching the Gospel at Southern Gross, West Australia. The glad evangel, with its ethical principles and social duties, fee proclaimed to all sorts and conditions of men, and not without evident tokens of success. Under the faithful preaching of the word of God men resolved to alter the purpose of their lives, and by the grace of God entering their hearts the change was accomplished. Air. Stephenson's ministry was not in word only but in deed, and in the power of the Holy Ghost. The sick and the poor claimed and received the full sympathy of his ardent, loving nature. Ministering to their necessities he often de prived himself, and again and again he gave up his own bed to the sick and friendless, while he lay on the hard floor. To him no needy one ever applied in vain. Like his Master he went about doing good. That the sick poor might have the benefits of skilled and trained nursing, of which there was none at that time at Southern Cross, he organised a branch of the Mission of the Sisters of the People at that place. Had he done nothing else for Southern Cross his work in this movement would be _ sufficient to perpetuate his memory in the loving affection of the citizens of that place. 'He was beloved by all' was the testimony of the official representatives of the church there. In their letter of condolence they said — 'He was ever to the front to do what lay in his power for suffering humanity. As a minister of the gospel he has left a vacancy that will be diffi cult to filL' When the typhoid epidemic made its terrible attack Mr. Stephenson was incessant in his labors and unremitting in his attentions to those who were smitten down. His days were devoted in visiting the sick in their homes, and frequently his nights were passed in the mission tents relieving the nursing sisters, so that they might snatch rest which .he needed, and by the bedside of the patients, as he had opportunity, he would write out the sermon for the approaching Sabbath. It was no wonder his strength gave out under such pres sure. He knew the cost and he willingly paid it. He gave himself for others. It was . then and there he contracted the fever. Im mediate change, it was thought, would restore his strength and health. To_ Perth he came, and if, said the medical adviser, nursing could have saved him he would not have died, and if the devoted attention of his excellent colleague (Rev. A- J. Barclay) could have restored him he would still be alive. But it was not to be. He had done his work and his rest followed. He had delivered his message and the am bassador was recalled. He had fought his fight and the crown of life was his for ever. When asked, as he lay on his dying bed, 'How are you now?' his reply was, 'The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want,' and quoted the whole of the 23rd Psalm. At one time during his brief illness he thought that he (Mr. Howe) was with him, and looking at the one whom he had mistaken for the chairman of the district, he said, 'Fll do my best, Mr. Chairman.' That was the spirit which con trolled his life— 'Til do my best.' The ruling passion was strong in death. On the morning of the day which for him has no end ing, Mr. Stephenson was engaged in commu nion with one unseen to any present but him self. Who that one was a word indicated. 'Mother I' It was his last word on earth. Mother ! and was she not near him ? He ever held communionwithhersainted spirit. Twelve months ago when he stood in the chancel of that same church as one of the seven home missionaries being dedicated, what said he to the congregation. The written statement found among his papers ran thus: — 'In a retrospect of one's life there are passages illuminated by the light of gladness, and there are also passages canopied by a cloud of sad ness and regret. There are pensive memories as we journey on, Longing for vanished smiles and voices gone. Ard to-night, as I think of the solemnity of this meeting and the work we are about to undertake, I have pensive memories of one whose sad loving smile I can see, whose voice I can hear singing the sweet old melodies so dear to Methodism. I refer to my sainted mother, who has gone to be for ever with the Lord. It was she who first told me the story of Jesus and Win love, who taught me to say my first prayer, and who herself ? wept and prayed for me. It was through the influence of the Holy Spirit working in her that a desire was engendered within me to be a Christian. Conversion to me was not a case of right-about turn, for I had always been taught that the service of God was the highest duty of life, but it meant a new life, a vigorous activity and cheerful service where before there was latent energy and in difference to the claims of God and to the sacrifice of His Son Jesus Christ. It was on a Sunday afternoon after I had been to Sunday school that I told my mother that Jesus had come into my heart and given _ me peace and joy and a desire to follow Him. When she was taken from me I felt that the best friend I ever had was taken away, but although she has gone she still speaks to me, and to-night I hear her singing, 'Come, brethren, doirt grow weary, but let us journey on.' If I were to tell you of my call to Christian work I should have to take you back to the fireside in England on cold winter nights, when my mother would read about and explain the inspired writings of the sainted poet Herbert. I little thought that those winter evenings would go eo far as they have in bringing me to a decision to engage in this work. I feel it is my duty to do this work, and God has made my way so plain that I dare not shrink. I go to my work strong in the 6trength which God supplies, and pray that through His grace I may preach Christ and Him crucified, and that I may give a helping hand to those who need it. In the great hand of God I stand, and I know that if I trust in him and not in myself, whether the way be rough or smooth, it will be His way, and therefore the right way.' That testimony Mr. Stephenson read but 12 monthsago in that church. It gave promise of a useful hie, and that promise had been fulfilled. The process had been quicker than they had expected, but God was His own interpreter and He would make it plain. The end of all « all that 'was mortal came shortly after noon on :' Wednesday, March 27. Now from the other \i side he thought he could hear the voice of their ?: brother saying as he said on the platform of B- Perth railway-station when the tedious night :';;?' journey from Southern Cross was finished— r 'Thank God, the journey's over !' 