IS LOTI A DREAM? BY MRS HERBERT MARTIN. Night was falling—a grey, damp October night—on the great wilderness of London. Night pierced by the sounds of the vast city, which strike so inournf ally at times on the ear of one who vaguely listens in the solitude that is loneliest of all, the Bolitude set in a crowd. Such a solitude was George Brandon’s as as he sat over the fire in his luxuriously fur nished fiat in South Kensigton. The flat and the furniture were alike new as well as costly. A year ago he had been very dif ferently housed, a struggling youug journalist in dingy rooms in Camden Town. Those poverty-stricken days were over, when he hardly knew where his next dinner was to come from. The death of an old cousin who left no will, and from whom he had no expec tations, had given him comparative wealth, and he was rising into repute as a clever But as ha Bat now, musing, with the un opened magazine on on his knee, bo did not look much happier for his change of fortune. Ho was dreaming of the past, which chance, or Providence, had oddly recalled with extra ordinary vividness to a memory which had never quite let it go. His eyes had fallen, at one of tho etation bookstalls, ou the colored print sold with one of the Christmas annuals that shower about our ■ ears now with tho ^autumn leaves—almost as thickly. A likeness which attracted him to iV viad surprised him more and more ; almost against himself he had returned to the stall, with a cynical half- smile at his own fatuity, and had bought the pretty, worthless thing, because it reminded him of that village near the Thames, the little humble cottage, overgrown with Virginia creeper, that Bummer three years ago, and of the very spirit and presence that made tho place, the cottage, tho summer, lovely. Tho picture represented a young girl, slender, hut round, whoso curly hair surrounded an innocent nnd happy face. Perhaps the likeness was only superficial, yet it did remind him of Molly Ellis—poor, pretty, merry little Molly, the daughter of his land lady, a faded, melancholy lady, widow of an uulucky curate. He had never been able to understand how such a parentage could have given birth to Molly, whose apple-blossom face, dark-blue eyes and sweet young mouth were made for joy, and not sorrow. “ It’s like—yet it’s not like,” he mused. Molly was prettier, and loss pretty. There was moro irregularity in her face, hut more character, mere charm. That girl hasn’t Molly’s euchauting dimple nor her rupset-red hair. Her eyes were larger; they had a wistful look in them sometimes, though she was so merry, so full of life. They turned away from me with tears in them, I remember, when I said good-bye. How could I say good-bye and nothing more ? I don’t know; it was on the tip of my tongue to tell her what I felt— that 1 loved the dear little thing as I had never loved any girl, that if only she would wait wait—but I dared not ask her. I thought then it meant endless and hopeless years. How could I tell that to-day I should be rich and' dull and lonely. Was it my fault ? Yet I felt a beast as I went away and left her standing there and looking after me, bo sadly, in the porch, with the red creeper hanging round her pretty head, which the sunbeam just caught. Oh! haven’t I seen her a hundred times stand ing so and looking after me ? Haven’t I heard that sweet, young, round voice a hundred times, as I used to hear it before 1 was quite awake in that little attic room, singing her innocent love songs? I used to Bay. “That voice has no pas sion in it, though the child uses passionate songs.” But how sweet it was! They were desperately sentimental those songs of hers full of nightingales and golden days, and al the delicious despairs of youug love! “ There was one she always sang, ‘ Love is a dream.’ Poor Molly! I hope she woke from her dream soon, and found a happy, common place, waking reality of life ! I seem to blame myself, but I was not to blame. I did not for get her. No, God knows I never did. Com pared with her I know I am a worldling and a cynic, hut I honored her as much ns I loved her. I wrote when I got this money. It was like a stab at my heart when that letter came hack from the Dead Letter Office, with its cold official scrawl, * Gone away—no address.’ I daresay she’s all right — married to some lucky fellow by now. She was sure to marry. There was the doctor’s assistant, that red handed, sallow-faced bounder, who was so desperately jealous of me, and scowled over the pews all service time when I sat by Molly and held the hymn-hook with her. BIgsb her little heart, how sweet her voice sounded in my ears! He may very likely be a full-fledged apothecary by now, and she may be Mrs Gallipot some where. It’s odd I can’t forget the child. Sometimes I think I have. The memory of that halcyon month sleeps, and I go jogging along all right, and fancy romance is quite dead and gone, but it’s only hypnotised. It wakes, and I know it is alive. thing like that” — he glanced up at the colored print which was pinned above his mantelshelf—“sets all my philosophy at naught, and I am spooning and mooning again as if I were the drudgiag, poverty-stricken, unlucky, lucky, poor devil I used to be thTee yearB ago, before my fortunes mended and my hear hardened.” He sat and let his pipe go out. His melan choly, dark eyes dwelt on the smiling face, but he saw something else through and behind it. He looked into deeper, tenderer eyes, that used to falter and shift under his when they grew too ardent; he saw the flitting rose that a deepened infiectiou or a half- caressing word would make blossom on her cheek; he heard in the silence, that was only broken by the rumblo and the cries of the street down below, the echo of a fresh, gay, and yet somehow pathetic voice j singing iu the orchard where the blackbirds sang. The foolish sentimental words came hack that did not seem foolish then. “ Love is a dream—love is a dream—and sad is the awakening.” Yes, a dream! ho was dreaming it all over again; and he did not want to wake. If only he need not—if he could annihilate time and space and bring Molly—his own Molly pretty and warm and sweet—to his lonely arms —his empty hearth. He had sat thus, lost in the mists of memory, he did not know how long, without moving, without any consciousness of material things, of every sensation hut that strange and pass ionate longing for what was lost and gone. Suddenly it seemed to him that this very desire of his produced a miracle. A voice from that past he had evoked, an echo from those happy bygone days—was it a living voice or did it come from nothing of flesh and blood, but from a spirit that called his spirit, telling him that his lost love, his uu wooed sweetheart, had passed beyond these voices ? He thought so. He sat rigid, listening to that wild, sad, wandering voice, believing it came from no mortal woman. And the voice sang, “ Love is a dream—love 18 a dream—and sad is the awakening! ” It was Molly’s song, it was Molly’s voice— ah, no, that could not be! It was a delusion, born of the thoughts that had overpowered him; or else Molly was dead, was a disembodied Bpirit, and had come back to visit the glimpseB of the moon for his dear sake, for he knew well enough the child had loved him, silently, with the fervor of an untried heart that hardly know how much it could love. So he sat on, like a frozen image of a man, and listened to that voice from the distance. He might have let it go by thus—it was getting fainter as if it passed, when a strong shudder passed over him and shook him, as it were, into ordinary life and consciousness. His common sense asserted itself; he found himself on his feet and awake. “It is not a delusion! it isno spirit!” He uttered the words aloud; it seemed to him as if someone else spoke them. All that he was now conscious of was a horrible fear lest that wandering voice should go by and leave him alone—should be loBt in the darkness of the vast and cruel streets, and pass once more out of his life—for ever. Before he realised entirely what he was M doing, what overwhelming influence coerced him, he found himself hatless, pantir.g in the quiet street, and the voice was silent. Despair clutchod him. He had lost her—again. Which way should he tom? But farther off, some hundred yards distant, he heard it again, hut faint and faltering. This time it sang the dear old ballad which he made her learn to please him, “Kathleen Mavourneen”—“It maybe for years, and it may be for ever”—He turned ' and darted towards the sound. He moved and acted like a somnambulist. The slender, trem bling, shabby figure in black was close to him. A sad, pale, pathetic little face, whose dark blue eyeB spoke of heart-break, was raised, and the dim light of the street lamp faintly illumined it. Ob, Molly! Molly: pretty, smiling, happy little Molly! have you come to this—to this ? He took her arm gently, tenderly, hut 6ven that. gentle touch made her start away from him! with a shiver of terror and repulsion. Poor child! she had learnt to shudder at the touch of her kind, to look on passing men as all enemies to the one thing left ner—her self respect. “ Let go of znc!” she said, tremblingly. “No, Molly, not now I have found, you. Never again, Molly.” He. spoke firmly oncLrlowly. He had f(fifAi.'' \ her, but htldared " he found her? In ths dreadful, • cruel stSgSr^^pj alone, unprotected, in poverty—a Btreet single j';--. ■ He would never forsake her, never he anything ■ but her truest friend and champion, hut till ho know more he dared not think of more. “ Molly V” she said wildly, staring at him with bewildered eyes, from which tbs terror had not yet gone. “ Who calls me MoUy now ? Who are you ?—oh, I cannot sec—the light is so dim—-or my eyes are. I daren’t think who you may be!” “Someone who is your friend—your friend. But come in — come home—out of this cold and dark, Molly—out of these hateful streets. Don’t you know me, Molly? Have you quite for gotten ? 0 God 1”—sobbing in a sudden agony of relief—“ it is you. I dared not believe it. You, you at last—after all this time. ’ She clung to him hot, with both her thin, cold little hands. He drew her swiftly hut gently to the doorway from which he came. He took her, almost carrying her, up the two flights of stoDe stairs to his own dQor. In another moment Molly was in the heart of the warm, softly lighted, softly furnished room, and had sunk among the cushions of the deep armchair in front of the fin*, still sobbing in the tteep lelief of tears. He said nothing at first. She must be warmed and fed and comforted before he dared to look into the past or forward to the future. He took off her shabby black hat, her little thin mantle, with a touch like a woman. His bachelor tray of coffee with the spirit lamp was ready on the table. He made a cup hot and forced her tenderly to sip it. The faintest dawn of the old sweet color was coming on tho worn white face; when she looked up at him and tried to smile her gratitude his heart hounded. He saw his former love again; he knew that into whatever dire straits some cruel fate had brought her it was his own Molly, Bweet and pure and faithful, that looked through those tear-dimmed eyeB. “ Oh, ” she Baid, her words cut in two with a sob, “how good—how good you are to me! Is it really you ? Am I dreaming it all ? Shall I wake —outside in the dark and the cold and tho fear ?” He knelt at her feet and looked urt at her. He was not afraid of looking now. “Darling, you shall never wake out of this dream. It is I—and I love you. Didn’t you know I loved you three years ago i" • ‘X_X thought so. But you went away.” “ I was a fool to go, but I never meant to he a villain. I was too poor then—I hadn’t any “Poor?” she said wonderingly, as her eyes glanced round the room, that to her simple fancy seemed lit for a palace. “I was poor then—I expected always to be. This money came to me only a year ago when I had lost sight of you. I wrote, Molly ; I wroto to ask you to share it with me, to be my own wife. I never wanted any other woman-” “Youwrote to mo r” “Yes, the letter came hack. Y'our address was not known. I lost you. Oh} my precious one, I have found you now ! I never will lot you go !” “The wintor after you were with us," she began, stumbling in the confusion of her mind over her words, “ that next winter, three yeare ago nearly, my mother died. I had not a penny in the world when our debt3 were paid. I had no home; there was one offered me; you remember, perhaps, young Brown, Dr Pilbsbury’s assistant.” George Brandon nodded; ho could hardly repress a smile at the remembrance of his rival, and a faint ghost of a smile flitted over the girl’s face for an instant and then passed. “Ah, I know you used 11laugh at him—and I did, too. Poor Sam ! But though he was so uncouth and ugly,.so unlike you, I ought not to laugh, even to smile, at him. He was faithful and true, and I had not a friend. He wanted me to go and li,vo with his mother till he could afford to marry me. But I could not, I could not. I never could forget you.” Georgo laid his lips on her hands: he had not yet attempted to caress her. “ I could not stay there. People were not friendly or kind. Mrs Brown and her daughters were very angry with me. I answered an advertisement as a mother’s help near London, and I went there. It was a very, very hard place. They gave me very little and I had no rest. I had four little children alwayB to look after. They were/ not kind to me. Bui I Btayed on for two years, for I did not know what else to do. Then my health broke down, and Mrs Stokes sent me away. I could not do the work any longer. I—oh, George—I don’t know how to tell you what terror I went_ through next. I took a situation ; I thought it so easy, the ’ lady so kind, hut I found—£ found—she was had. I did not know there were such wicked people, such evil ways, in the world. I ran away without a penny, without anything be longing to me, and 1 did not Know where to go. It was very cold, and I hud no shelter. I fainted, and a policeman took me to the nearest hospital. I was happier there ; I jras sate ; they were good to me, and I thought — I hoped — I was going to die. That was last spring—the early spring. I was very ill, and they kept me six months*. When I came out, I did not know what to do, where to go. There was a poor woman in there; she was very poor, but she was as kind to me as she could he. She said I could sleep in her room if I would earn some money; she could not afford to give me food. She told me I could get something by singing in the street. I was ashamed—bitterly ashamed—but I tried. I do not know what else to do! You—you won’t think too badly of me, will your” Her head drooped: he could only see the . rough, curly, rusaet hair, cut short on the little head. His soul yearned over her. He took the poor little head into his arms, and hid it there. He could not speak, only press her closer, and after a while she ceased to tremble and Bob, and lay calmly like a. child on his breast—trustful as a child, inno cent as a child. At last he broke the long Bilonce that had its own voice for them. “Thank God you came my way! Thauk God you sang that old song that you used to • sing to me in tho dear old time! Bat for that I might never have fouud you, never have ' brought you—home.” “Ah, George, I have had no home—I am too happy.” “ Not yet, Molly, not yet. I mcau to try and make you happy. Look up, sweetheart, look round. See, could you live hero', with me ? Could you stay for ever—my wife? ” She Blowly raised her face, it was glowing with the beautiful delicious shame of love. “ Your wile—your wife.” “In s few days, a very few days, sweet. From this moment this place is yours. I am yours. We belong to each other for ever. My housekeeper, who is a good womau, a widow, will take care of you hero. I will leave you the mistress of my house with her—no one shall say a word against my Molly. But, indeed, there is no one to meddle with you and me. Then in a short, short time we will be raarno-a. We will go away, dear, to some place where [ even in winter there are flowers and sunshine, - and you shall get hack your': looks, your dimples. “The Lord do bo to me, and more also, if aught but death part thee and me !” They kissed each other, and their souls met witljtheir Eps.—The “ WindaorJMagazine.’^/ 