BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. . The sittings were resumed at 9.30 a.m- on Monday. The debate on Methodist union was con tinued on the motion of the Bev. W. 1\ James: — xnat as many ol our circuits and two of me dis tricts plead for Keneral and Eunultaneous union throDgsout Anslrftlaaa, sre exgnaa strong desire ior such union ; but as the conditions and tiie etate of feeling in reference to union in the various colomes widely differ, and there being a strong and growing conviction among our people tl at union thonld be cpeedflyconscmmiled in this colony, we agree to the union of the three Methodist churches when the other Methodist churches in this colony are io lavor of snc3i muon. The Bev. T. Pipee said lie did not think he would vote at all. The Kev. R. Lakg said they all agreed that union was the right thins. They uad com mittal themselves to general and simultaneous union on a fair and equitable basis. If others were willing to give them what was fair they were willing to give them what was fair and right Sectional union as well as the retention of the name had been before them since the General Wesleyan Conference. What he wanted was to show to the world that they had done what they could as honorable men to meet the other churches. The Bev. J. Bowe explained that he was not against sectional union, as reported in The Advertiser. _ The Bev. B. C Yeoman objected to sec tional union because it meant absorption. The difficulties mentioned of churches with overwhelming debts were exceptional cases. The Bev. S. C. Mcgfobd said they were honed thev wnnld nhnnr them unmistakablv that they were not blocking the way to Methodist Union. The Bev. J. Fosteb favored union on a fan basis, but opposed tiie name 'Wesleyan.11 The Bev. W. F. Jakes said it was dear that general and simultaneous union was impossible. The only way to bring about union at all was by sectional union. Only one of their quarterly meetings was opposed to the name 'Wesleyan.' Mr. J. Abhton supported the motion not because the financial conditions necessitated it He believed their friends would stand by each other in every case of difficulty. It they accepted union it would not be taking it at any price. There were -™'™l difficulties in the way. Having granted the general they could not consistently stand in the way of sectional union. The Bev. E. Gbatton said there was not much to reply to. The principal objection might be urged against . the resolution that wbs carried on Friday. He could not under stand Mr. Thome's position. Those who op nosed the motion did not know that virtually two of the other colonies had forsaken them. Absorption was a bogie. People did not lose their identity when they lost their name. Did Mrs. Lake lose her identity when she changed her name? When he changed his name and became a Bible Christian it gave him pain, bat he did notlpee bis identity nor the respect of his brethren. He believed that dignity was best preserved by doing what was right Be would rather that this question was -negatived for the next 25 years than that this parleying should be perpetuated. Mr. Thorne* amendment was lost by 10 for and 39 against it. The motion was carried by 44 votes to 6. The Misbionaby Tbkasueeb (the Bev. J. Rayrnont) presented his report, which showed that £410 Be. Id. had been raised daring tiie year for the home mission fond, £127 Is. fid. :or the China mission ; making a grand total or nomeana toreign missions ot £097 us. 7cl The rev. gentleman was heartily thanked for his services. - - Greetings were sent to the Victorian Con ference. - The Bev. C. Tbesise presented his report The amount promised for the reduction of the missionary debt is £1,967 4s. Id. The self denial fond amounted to £142 lite, lid.; making a total of £2,110 4s. 7d. promised towards the £2,200 deemed necessary at the net Conference. Of the amount promised ;i,182 have oeen paid. The exnense of col ecting this was only £116 5s. 3d. Mr. Tresise waa heartily thanked for his services. . Sympathetic references were made by several ministers to Jhe.^ipat. sorrow experi enced by Bro. CrTresise during the year in the loss of his two children, and the following resolution was unanimously carried : — That as Bro. Tresse has suffered a sad loss in the death of tiro of his children daring the post y«r we express our sincere sympathy with oim, which is in eronUd because of the noble and necessary work he has been doing. Toe work itself nas been made the more Bmcred on account of (be baptism of sorrow he bai been called upon to pea through. We pray that the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, may givehunstrengtli and solace and abide with him and his household. We rejoice also at the testimonies given concerning; the spiritual beauty of their ronngliVEs that their death has been overruled for good, and that our brother waa not without sympathy and help. A resolution of appreciation and thanks for the intelligence received concerning the bequest of £350 from the late- Mr. John Dunn wBBcunea. xne womanrB jojssionarv J3oara presented their report In the afternoon at S o'clock tiie China mis sionary meeting was heH. Dr. Torr presided, [n his opening address he said he frequently followed the missionaries in their perflcras ourneys. He considered it to be an honor to touch the fringe of such workos that in China. Referring to the diligence of the Chinese student at the college he thought his en thusiasm ought to be an incentive to us to work, - The Secbetabt {Bev. J. Baymont) in pre senting the report said they had been a mis sionary church from the beginning. The great appeals came to them from the death rate in Chine. The Bev. E. J. Piter reported conversions as the result of their labors. ' The following resolution was moved by the Bev. S. C. Mugfobo :— That we join our brethren and tistera in China in giving thanks to God for the hopefnl beginning otonr work In the province of Toman. Our own brother— Ber. £. J. Piper— is now settled in full work as a Chinese medical missionary, and we are grateful to God for the intelligence and holy enthnsiatm -with which be has entered upon bis labors. We also pray that practical and liberal response to his appeals for additional missionaries and the means to support them may fooq be made by oar Australasian churches. We tb«nk our Jriende for the £127 Is. «d. contributed tost year. He said it was to carry away the depravity and tHth-that had accumulated thattheywere working. He believed that Australia was the huh of the universe. They had the intelli gence and the -resources for the carrying on of that great work. The Bev. J. Thohae seconded, and said he pleaded for the oldest and most neglected nation. The head and heart and pocket must be converted. Christianity was for the home, the nation, and the world. Mrs. Baymokt said she was asked to give an account of what the Woman's Missionary Board had done. As the result of their labors somewhere about £40 had been raised for the China mission. She referred to the vast population of China, -with their prejudices and the privileges they gave for work. In the evening a tea was held, and was fol lowed by a public meeting, at which his Ex cellency the Iieutenant-Govemor presided. This was the ***rr'^ missionary meeting, and there was a large attendance. The Bev. J. BArMOST (missionary secretary) presented his report His Excetxekct, ?»rfio: was received with applause, said it there were one part of their connexional quality which he held -more highly than any others it was that of making the Conference missionary meeting the great feature of the denominational year. When doing missionary work they were on the bedrock of absolute certainty, being obedient to the divine command 'to go into the world and preach the gospel to every creature.' He report which had just been read showed that they need not go further than South Australia to find that obedience to the gospel had received the fulfilment of divine promise by the success which had at tended the work of their ministers and their friends throughout the denomination. As a sample of this they had but to look to Broken HflL whence at the beginning of the vear they had vmy discouraging reports. Notwithstanding the exodus of the minmr population and the financial depression, whicE was more acute there than irj any other place in Australia,' their record for the past year showed that £200 had been paid off the debt on the premises, and that there had been an increase of SO on the church membership. * rt «?'»?*«— f .*va*o Miaguiui^Uli BUU»S| Ol tllC president's fund for the extension of mis sionary work was owing a great deal to the missionary meeting of last year, which was ^resided over by Dr. Torr. As much as £1,180 had been collected by the special mission con ducted by tha Bev. C. Tresse for the purpose of lessening the debt, and besides over £500 had been subscribed for the ordinary purposes of the society. (Applause.) They rmj certain privileges which were not obtained bv the pioneers of the movements, chief of which were the encouragement they received from seeing the success of the missionary efforts in their own. land and in India, Africa, Chma, and the isles of the sea. It was 103 years ago that William Carey first started the question of tho evangelisation of the world. That was the spark that raised ihe fire of the missionary zeal that had ob tained during the last century. When that pamphlet was published the nations of the warld professing Christianity were to the whole population as to one in six. To-day it h»d been increased to one in three. (Applause. ) Tliat was one of the many incidents . that m'.ght be brought forward to show the revival m missionary work during the last hundred ; ars. The son of one of their ministers was 'n the vast missionary field of China, having consecrated himself to that work. The effects which the great revolution in the east, the par ticulars of which were recorded from day to day in the newspapers, were perhaps not fnllv realised. If the British and American and Australian Christians were true to the mission and true to the duty hud upon them could they doubt that as the result of the terrible war there would be a great break up of old prejudices in China, and that they would live to see the time when 'A nation shall be bom ma day,', aod -China* -should become part of the kingdom of God. He knew nothing more lefreshing than to turn from the . terrible record ofoloodshed and cruelty, and to read the bfacing and vtivmi)**inE letters from the young . missionaries is- China. — Messrs. Diamond, Trenbarth, Piper, and Pollard. If they in South Australia would lift their lives up to the higher plane in which tiie young missionaries were dwelling, if' they were yfl^fMnti^ by tiie same faith and the saz&e; spirit of self -sacrifice, courage, and heroism, the coming year would be the greatest one of missionary success which the Bible Christian denomination in South Australia had ever known. (Applause.) The Rev. C. Mabtin moved— That the report now read be adopted, aod we hereby record our gratitude to God for the craciouswork ^fy/implfahuH on all our stations, resulting in an in crease for the year of 358 foil membeis. He endorsed the spirit of the resolution. They were sometimes asked what benefit bad all die expenditure conferred upon them. They were essentially a mission church, and when they ceased to be such they ceased to exist Part of their mission work had been to get amongst the lowest in the cities — part amongst the out lying districts. Who has spoken among the bullock poles? A word had to be Bpoken of the local preachers, who, like the minister, had sometimes ridden 30 and 40 miles and preached three times a day. Their ministers hod done much for the social and mental advancement of the people: Men who spent their Sundays in kangaroo hunts are now spending them holily. Again, we have supported temperance. When it was unpopular to advocate tempe rance in the northern townships their ministers had led the van. A certain legislator was rejected some time ago by the temperance advocates. In some puts men had been dis covered who had abilities for work, and had been set to work. In some parts there was still a great work to do — parts where the details of the depravity were eo terrible that no man would dare to stand upon that platform and detail them. It was for the people to say whether this should exist or not It was abso lutely necessary to remove the incubus of debt A large part of their debt wss paid last year, and he hoped he would see the remaining part paid that night The Bev. W. T. Shapmt seconded the motion. He spoke upon the work at Broken Hill and said there were, according to the statements of the registrar, 19,000 or 20,000 inhabitants in the -town. There were no less than 66 hotels and 2S0 gambling saloons. The Boxnan Catholics had three priests and 20 Sisters of Mercy, the Wesleyans two ministers. Primitive Metho dists two mmi«t— , and the Bible Christians one minister and one lady evangelist. The 20 places of worship would not **»?*»'» more than one-eighth of the people. There were difficulties in the way, but God bad constituted him eo that he looked at obstacles as difficulties to be overcome. Their denomination was raised up to promote missionary enterprise. The evangelistic zeal of Miss Catchlove was one of the sources of their success at Broken HOI. Other young ladies helped. Fully 200 people had been converted in their meetings at Broken HilL They had had some remarkable casesof wwiTOrwutiKiyi is«mM4¥rK-« theirmeetuigs lad been *TAnt'T'v^ until midnight The five Methodist ministers each Saturday evening stood on a trolly at the corner of Chloride and Argent streets speaking to nundreds of people. By this means many were spoken to who other wise would never have listened to the Gospel. The Bev. C. Tbesise said he felt the re sponsibility of being appointed at the last Conference to collect £2,260 most acutely, but was glad to be able to report success. He had worked in faith, and faith in God was ever victorious. He had received help from all their friends. He believed in united work with faith, and had exercised himself to obtain the earn. The motion was then put and carried with enthusiasm. A comprehensive vote of jJiawim to the speakers and the ladies who had helped at the tea, moved by the Bev. E. Gbatton and seconded by Dr. Tobb, was heartily carried. 