\---'HOOT TOWN. (By 'A Ghost ') ' Bui that I'm forbid I cofild a tale unfold j whose lightest word would harrow up thy souL'—U5hakcspearc. , r Since the speech of the member for Hay was delivered; the Premier has announced — ' It wUl be aecu that this was the course advocated by Mr Ash ton.' There you are 2 Its exactly, another case of ' How Bill Adams s^bn the- battle of Waterloo.' Any wliere dowii'Lachluu- sfieet they will tell you it was like this : Rcid he comes back irom me country wnicn was an a try ou co get rid of Ashton. And when he see'd it aid'nt work, And there was A&hton; a sitten' up in his place as soon as (he House wus open, it just made Reid feel sick and faiut. So what docs he do, but sayB he to his mates %ve'll justlie low aud hear what Ashton siys in his speech (published in full on otir fourth page) on the Address-in-Reply, and then we'll just go in for what he advocates.- lb don't seem to be any good opposing him or if we do ho'Jl most certaiuly talk us lo deuth, and then as the Premier wipud a tear from his other eye, he said he'd Booner tackle Parkes over^again than get foul of Jimmy Ashton.' So asI ^tid before there you arc ! Aud that's how tbe Lion. Member for Hay won the battle of the exemptions. * * . 'I * There seems to be a diversity of opinion as to whether the Athenieum Ball was really ! a success or not. You see 1 you couldn't see because the front door was carefully locked, and any of tbe common herd might aB easily penetrate to the presence of the Czar as squeeze unobserved up to the side door of that ballroom. But you. can't keep out the Ghost, and when he looked in upon those ' huppcr suckles ' he determined that the dazzling brightness of that scene should not be lost to the world. But it must, because words would altogether fail to con vey any. idea of tbe scone presented by the assembling of tbe flower and ai istocracy of Hay under the brilliaut illumination of Hay gas. . Artemus Ward once said about the tirsi production of a new play that *'it was an immense success, but did'ut pay,' so it was with this ball. It was itnmeueely suc cessful, because one hadn't to rub shoul.lcrs with the abominable sccond-class, but un fortunately it didn't pay, v It ie not supposed for a moment that the Licensed Victuallers at their ball will be able to get together anything like the grace and beauty of the Athenaeum, but t bey say tbey don't care as long as they cover ex penscs. There is a great opening in the town for a good daucing master, who would give privute lessons. Host Pearcc, of the Commercial, baB been assiduously practising the polka for a week, in view of the coming ball, and reckons that under a master he would come ou quicker. Host Coleman says ' Its a loug tonne now since he tried a bit av a sthep, but if th- y play ere a jig at all, its not many*ll put him down.' The secretary anyway seems to be preparing for a great success. * * * There's quite a flutter amongst the rowing men, a regular shaking up of the dry bones of the good old sport. There is a crew from Echuca coming on the 18th September next to take us down. ' Eagle Eye ' is getting his battered old optic rovarnished lor the occasion and ha* promised to put it in a filing when the contest comes off, so as not to disconcert the Hay team. At a public meeting last night it was arranged that when the coach conveying the visitors arrives Mr Mulraney shall meet them and hand down the portmanteaus. The Temperance Band will then strike up, and lead them naturally enough down to the waters edge Here they will embark in tbeclub's boats and go for a SM ^purt.4o*yiV)*tream to. the. .brewery, just to r' sefe ..Long, you know, because he came from Echuca. Next day they are to be taken for a walk over the Irrigation Area to return just in time for the race. If that's not exactly what was agreed upon, its nut the first time a public meeting has been mis represented, # * * Last week I endeavoured to throw some light upon thoBe burglaries at the residence of the Premier ; and it can he been by the Cartoon . in last week's Bulletin that the whole thing struck them in a similar manner * * * It almost 6eemed that the Hay Musical Association had died. People wondered at it too, because it -inaugurated itself with such a flourish of trumpets. Now it seems they thaw again, aud are starting to rehearse that beautiful Oratorio ' The Messiah.'. This is a big undertaking, but they have the talent if tKey can only get the application. Few people can resist the porer and grandeur of the' Hallelujah :aud;'Amen Choruses. ?***: \ _ : The Ghost unhesit&tjngly-jthrows; the whole blame of his sudden and iguominious departure ftpm .thlfl vale of tears, upon the ehoulderstifj that .wretched \ man Mr Justice Windeyerf if.be had summed up ds-&trongly; for as he did against me, the jury whom any judge can. boss, - wyuld have accepted my protestations of innocence. Talk about being triedi-y one's peers, the jury is simply a farce irr;;tbe j)ands of a judge who likesrto tell them ^.f.He'g afi iaure as.tno' ho saw the tnandoitl'^ f,,;; 