IN THE 1BAR PAfetOB. * We are,' mnaei tihe Wpim, ' just, flow entering npon k orifcical period of the Wstory of this planet of Tasmania which — '-~' . ?' Tasmania is not a planet,' eaid the Snub Editor. 'It is a small isijand in ' the Bass Straite— a hit brpken off .Victoria.'.' ?' Not at all. On tbe contrary, Victoria is a bit broken off us. It is very much off us in fact. We were here before them. We are under Imperial rale and .have a one o'clock gun and they have not either.' ? . ' 'Poor devils,' eaid the Poet, 'how sorry lam for them. It is their ignorance. They tried to' .set np a one o'clock gun, bat they wqald nofc have it. The barraokers did not like the flag business, eo they staffed the old cannon up with jam tins and dismantled- it. It was eventually discontinued . It was about the lest relic, of Imperi alism, they had there, and it faded just as the protectionist policy and single voting flourished! How. strange it is that the Imperial In stitute cannot live beside the ballot box.' . ' Like all ghosts,' eaid $he Editor, ' it flies before the cock orow of daylight liberty. Well, let it fly. But it seems to be coming back again with that Federal Bill. It is bat aflutter, however, and will not stay.' ' The Legislative Council,' ob served the Sunday Reporter, 'is asked to do this session some very important things indeed, and the eyes of the public are upon it. How it will behave remains to be seen.' ' It is to be asked to sign the pledge or something like it, isn't it ?' asked the Bottle-holdtr. ' If you mean that it is asked to reform itself, you are abont right. The franchise which is being ex tended all round must of course be lowered in Tasmania, and that is one li'tle measure of reform, which I think will pass easily.' ' How is that?' jasked ;Jim the Luney. ' Th ere ,are. sotne more important measures to be considered. The conslitutiou is not so important a point all at once as is I hose measures which attack property. They are looked npon in the light of 'offpnees,' and will be dealt with accordingly.' ' Tbe Muckery says it represents intelligence.' ' So does the Wail, which is in telligence itself. But whilst on the (subject of intelligence, what do you think of that rich person who avers that when OBc.ir Wilde emerges from prison ho will build a mansion for him in Italy, nnd keep him ju luxury for life?' ' Decent men have no name for such moustei-H,' naid Jim the ; Lunoy. ' ] heard of a somtwhat similar thing lately A certain person was reported the otlmr day tobe in queer street, (so mucli so in* faci that it was .feared by fais friends' (who wfere not many) that Jje' ffpnHL gefcrjgiit there by an easy gradient. Two others said, eo the - story goes; that they would bo jtlea.B^d to^ee tjie worst happen, for then they would receive him with open arms' for good and for all.' ~' ..,.:'?, ' A nice state of things, for us to ? contemplate surely,' ;said the Snub Editor, ' especially when we pay. a police force to protect us..' ? ? : ' No matter,'' put in the Pplice Court Reporter, 'I know qf several things of the kind concerning which I may not speak]; but Twill tell you of a little social matter which, pame under my. notice, and which I fully expected to he«r morB .of in' the court. There waS.ii young lady from up North who came down here to admire our 'beautiful climate and all that you kaoiv who flirted just a little. She sat on a seat on the Esplanade one evening and read a book. They always do read a book when they want to attract attention. Soon, ? a tall dark stranger came along and, catching her eye; winked. As she smiled, he at onoe introduced himself . and eventually saw her ?? home. Their next meeting was when she was chased by a dog. It wasn't mncb. of a dog,' being about four inches Jong, t-ut she ran all over Battery ' Point until , ^lie , met .a- tall dark ' party, and then fainted away. The third time eho ran against him in. a. very lonely place, and said that a dreadful man -had frightened her. It was on (he beac'\ and she pitched head downwards into the sand and dragged him with her. After a while Bhe said that she felt a little nshamed to find that he had seen her ankles. H« remarked that her black and gold stockings were certainly of a very neat pattern. Then she blushed. 'But it is of . no consequence, is it,' she asked. ' Not the least bit in the world,' be replied. ' You have a right, dear, to see me upset ; have you not ? ' He coughed a little, and remarked that he had a small sort of a right, but not very much. 'But you soon will, deai ?' she sighed. 'Well, maybe — that is ? when your, .-mother comes . p.^r from Melbqjiwie:.' jl'Oh yeisi bo^ delightful ! She got married again, didn't she P I will be able to in troduce you, dear.' He coughed again and remarked that it. was unnecessary. 'How very delight ful ! You know dear mother then P1 ' Rather, old girl, I'm the party she married.' There was a storm : then— a kind of sand storm in fact as the young lady arose from the beach and shook off the particles of crystal from her clothes. She said many things, but he advised her in future not to mash strangers, and he would try to arrange for a suit able connection, so all was lovely.' ' A nice little story,' said the Insignificant Man. ' It displayed a want or foiesight on her part, or of tbritt, as Henry Uobson has it. The thrifty are a good lot. They hoard up money by denying them selves almost the common neces saries of life until they get ill, and then the doctor sooopa in the pool. 1 would not allow anyone to own properly if I liad iny wa}\ 1 would have tli em lease it from the State. We would have a better state of things then. The right of owner ship babels greed of the worst kind, -aud the- great majority are ,J;he rentpayetis who wpuld turn a -foaf ,aar ; to tbe cry - x-f any graspTng( landlord H he ftjl into the $-§&, «nd;say ''Let hinidotfn.' ' ^^ '!Tou hold somWhCW'rishviejji, npo^ the rights of p^Eli'ty,' v*^ the 8unday Man, ;*.i,bnfegdou't kuw* wtiejher we all d$ ntfE-agree w^th. you.f And, by the^wa^3atl m0'°j .of Toifltnjr Dilloni abant reducfBf plural rofing for j^deriaia^i'c 4to i«gj f'Otn lergn to f-*ur ni3e 6Qtne|oJ 'them femile was ajt instance.' -: 'Xe^i *n-^ one of Wtem iook it Awfully sol-.-. He^elirapd himself of an -opinion wJi'i-.li^jiij siiy th' least ?l-f it, was pretty stt-aigh^ running. He hc|d t\fife the' more' propV rjy the mor^ votflfi:' .^Tliat's' nothing new^The/ |fl dcMnat.' 'J U-J U !||But notopenU. (HPis seldom OgPofjr forgets fcinsiflK as to & ^rjc that the greatijiE^lie greedi ^^ythe -;unning'nnd nnbend'ijy^ ^p|ty to -the poor, (he more rights ^H^edom of the franchise chon^dj WttS- But it takog ft bit ocoasionw Wttf to efpose (heir hands. I'm .pkoaed-to «sa-ibe ju*yj»c-Jeft- it.for Parliamint ' : ''PhejmaT0«- k^Jjwe Kh*rti» to doin^i'liiUjthe Soircr.iinattt Hoate' Mun, 'and he^ dealt, itou^ fairly well to those property' holders who appeb^chpd .'ltinj fibont beautifying the ],ijower aud co forth, Very pretty. ?' They would make n tr»m wny somewhere, and put .up some thing else in .another pi ice to improve all their property nbjut there,' like the fani-us road ..nroand the aoantain in the: interest* of tourists. Someone with a good fat farm wanting, to, borrow fl, little money would be more in their line. They talk a great deal to be mis printed in tho daily press after wards, yet not one of tho»o philin thropie. ones wotili! .'raisa a finge.- to help a poor devil b;it of t 6guit«i-.' \- 'Yes, you sre right,' remarked tlie Athletic Reporter. ' It is Iik6: ,a person who owns a hou!-e (o be let toothers for a nominal rental upon condition ' he improTes someone else's property : «dar off. No w I know & friend who owns a dog. His name 'is Frank Rouke. That is the friend not the dog. The dog is a first prize ball and terrier called Prince Imperial, and R.ookey, -who bred him, hts him /or the season. He is a fine quadruped for anyone Who wants a dog.'. 'Talking of quadrupeds,' pnfc in the Poet, ' a friend of mine, whose name is Blunderbus, sent me in a poem upon something of the kind, calling it ' The Qaadrnpedic Chicken.' ''It go'JR like this !. In an ape of, bogus ahotr. When we hook and bill and blow, And w« all insist that we're ?? ?? Alive and Icickin', Can yon wonder nt a tale P That above nt Ellindala, They are blowing tLrough a Qaadnipoiic Ohicken With the Gorcrnmeht nngroored, On the question ' nnimproved,' They are mightily in dfenger of A lickin'. If tliey^.wish to battle through They should loare the. cookatoo, And negotiate {he Quadmpe die chicken Alfy P. hae made f. dip, GivuigC.P. Oiler's jip, But he'll uever ecoop : The Opposition trick in. ? Belter far to l^nt-e'Mit'town, ! ' And to seek for great renown ' As proprietor of - : ' Tho qaadrupedic chioken. Then there's Ed3y as a sport, . And a man of letters. Ought To provide the critics with A littie piokin', Bat instead of making bungles With his tigers and his jungles, He should go and clay The quadrupedio chicken, 'I'm sure none of us know what it all means,' said tbe Editor. ' Nor for that matter do you either. But perhaps it's all right.' 'It's not all light,' grumbled the Landlord, 'at all. It'r all wrong. I won't have such infamies perpetrated in my bouse, I can tell you, so you may knock off.' So we knocked off right then. 