WHEN EE LOS2 HIS SAND. At a Detroit hotel the other day was a guest whoso countenance wore such a frightened expression that he was an object of attention and remark from all others. Some said he must have been thrown sky hi^h by a Texas steer within the last day or two ; others that he had been run across a trestle-work by a passenger train ; others still that his wife had suddenly pulled a gun on him and taken the reins o£ government in her hands. It is easy to find out all about people if you have knack for it. ' Why do I carry such a wild, scared look'!' queried the man in reply, as ho made him self comfortable in a big arm chair. 'I flattered myself that the expression had about worn off, but I begin to doubt if it will ever pass away entirely. I've boon trying hard to look placid and contented for the last hour, but it seems to havobeen a failure.' ' Did a bear, panther, alligator, Indian warrior or a ghost havo anything to do with it ?' asked the interviewer. •No—nothing of the sort, Young man ; did you ever ride on a locomotive V ' Yes.' • tt ' On a railroad snowplow ?' 'No.' ' Well, perhaps you know that a railroad Enowplow is about the biggest, strongest and ugliest looking thing on wheels. Put two of 'em togother and you've got a battering ram which would go through a brick house like a streak of hot lard running down hill. Riding on a locomotive is a cradle compared to riding on a snowplow when out for business. 'Buti it shouldn't scare a man out of his J boots.' ' ' Well, it did me, and that's why I carry the countenance I do. It was the 15th of last January that I took a little trip over a few mires of northern Minnesota railroad,' but I jhav6n't got through shivering and shaking and palpitating yet. I was at a town called Anthon during a three day'c snowstorm, and when I wanted to start foF Morehaad the line was blocked and all trains cancelled. There was no reason why I should Slurry away, but as soon as I found I , couldn't go I wanted to lie off. That's human? nature, you know. When told that a couple of big snowplows were at the depot preparing to open the line to the westward, I wentjdown and did what I thought was an awfully cute trick.' ' Bribed one of the engineers, to take you on, eh 1' ' Just so, my friend. Yes, sir, I worked my little game through the depot- master and the engineer of the head snow-plow. Some of the long green stuff changed hauds, perhaps, but that's neither here nor there. It was supposed that I had a dying wife at Morehead, and was almost crazy to reach her before the grim Monster bnre her hence. Whon the big plows started out I was snugly ensconced on the fireman's seat. I had never seen a railroad snow-plow before, and had no idea of what was to happen. The snow was about three feet dsep on the level aud packed hard, and I anticipated some thing new and novel in that ride. 'And yon were not disappointed 1' queried the interviewer. ' Alas ! no ' I enjoyed the thing for the first mile or so, and then we struck a drift six feet deep by two hundred feet long. Such a drift couldn't- stop the plows, but you ought to have seen what happened when they drove into it! It was as if a cyclone blowing at the rate of a thousand miles an hour, and armed jvith teeth and claws, and swooped down-into the out.' The whirl of snow shut out daylight in an instant. It flew fifty feet high, and it rolled back over the cab in a great wave. I was buried out of sight and almost smothered at the first dash, and before we got through that drift I'd have given §50 to be back at Anthon. The grind ing, puffing, wheezing and grpaning of the plows was of itself enough to.- scare; a man unaccustomed to it out of a.'year's- growth. When we ran out of that~drijft, T had snow in my ears, my hair, my pockets, my shoes —down my back and up my trousers-legs, and my flesh seemed to be,Burning.' ' But the snow-plows went on?' ' I'm sure they did. I'd h'ave been willing ! to drop off and foot it back'to town, but hav ing agreed to get me to Morhead to-clbSe the j eyes of my dying wife, the engineer smiled at mo in an encouraging wayjand added that the drift was only a litt|e;onafor a cent. If we didn't run off the trick or blow up -we'd be sure to encounter something worth pitch ing into. The fences were of boards, and for ten miles lifter leaving that 'first cut the snow was rolled off on each.side of the track in such a way as to break them flat doyrn, posts and all. It was like a great steamer plowing through the water, but the snow had weighed to it as it went rushing against the fences.^ You heard the cedar posts go pop! pop! pop! like so many musket shots, and many of the boards were reduced to splinters and the splinters sent flying in the air be hind us. By and by we struck a second drift.' 'Yes, you struck a second drift, Repeated the interviewer asthemansljcok and shivered and made a long pause. ' It'was a drift in another cut,' he finally said. . ' It was a cut with banks twenty feet high and 300 feet long, and the snow had blown in till the cut seemed even full. The engineer expected to find'such a condition of affairs and had increased steam pressure and speed. He went for that drift like a big bull dog rushing across the-field to pick up a tramp. I was hanging on for'dear life and had my eyes shut when we struck. We ran into fehe drift a distance of fifty feet and then stopped. When we came to a standstill I was back on the tender, buried under two feet of snow, and when the„engineer and fire man dug me out I'd have sold myself for a brass cent. A more forlorn, dilapidated and disgusted husband of a dying wife will never be seen on the face of thia earth. I offered the boys, as near as lean remember, $3,000,000 to turn back to Anthon, but they only laughed at me.. They were out to open the tracks, and as I* had come along I must stick,' ' And so they bucked the drift again?' ' Heaven forgive 'em but they did! Thoy backed out, got up more steam, and into the cut we dashed and gained another twenty feet. I don't think I'fainted away, but some how I lost all interest in the preceedings after that. All I remember was of being bounced about—bruised, cut and burned—: of seeing more snow above and around mo. than I supposed fell upon the whole Ameri can continent at one time before. We were an hour getting through that drift, apt}; another in reaching a town called Detroit City. There I was tenderly removed from the snow-plow and t iken to a hotel, and a doctor summoned, and my dying wife wa.'s left to die or to get well.' 'Any bones broken or cylinder-headu blown out 1' '1*0. The doctor fonnd cuts and burns and bruises from head to heel, but he said they didn't amount to much. It was the shock to my nervous system that troubled him, and for two weeks he could not be sure whether I would remain a fool to the end of my days or eventually regain enough horse sense to enable me to get out of the country. Things finally turned my way, but I am a marked man for life. My hat stands up most of the time—my eyes reveal a feeling of terror—my pale face tells everybody that I have lost my sand. That's my story. Seek for the moral in it, and don't make a fool of yourself with your eyes wide open?' "I Go to Prepare a Place fou lot?.1'— A minister of a very poor parish in ihe High lands, having waited for some time in the hopes of having his stipend increased, and see ing 110 expectation of his hopes being fulfilled, accented the chaplaincy of a jail. As usual, he preached a farewell sermon to his con gregation before leaving, which he concluded as follows:—1 My brethren, since I have been with you, it is apparent the Lord does not love you, for He has taken none of you unto Himself. Apparently you do net love ; one another, for you have neither given nor taken in marriage-; and thirdly and lastly you do not love me, for you have not increased my salary. I will now conclude in the words of my test, ' I go to prepare a place for you.' Maxims of Life.—Here are some raasims of life which, if only some are lived up to, will help to make the wheels of life run more smoothly :—lveep good company or none. Never be idle. Cultivate your mind. Make few promises. When you speak to a parson look him in the face. If anyone speaks ill of you, let your life be so that no one will Keep your own secrets. Earn money before you spend it. Live within yoi.r income, i Never run into debt unless you see a sure way to get out of it. Never borrow if you i can possibly avyid ir. Never speak evil of! any one. Bo just before- yon are generous. -J Small and steady gains bring the kind of [ riches that co not take wings and fly away. 