W4'8P'OCUS IN ART; HOW SOME PERSONS WHO THINK THEY KNOW ARE SWINDLED. Quecer Tricks Practiced by Men Who Slake a Living With Pencil and Brush-Car toonists With More Than One Name-One Who Made His Ghost Famous. Artists who sign their names to pie tures that other men paint are quite plentiful in this town. In a little store on Fourth avenue, just around the cor ner from the American Academy of De sign, there are some very pretty exam ples of water coloring for sale. The signature in the corner of each canvas a communicative mood the other day, and as he was talking with a reporter he picked up one of the paihtings and hold it to the light for observation and discussion. "That woman brings some very good work in here for me to sell," said he. 'There is one peculiarity about her, though. She always writes her signa ture in my shop." The dealer paused is though to be questioned. 'Why does she do that?" was asked. 'Well, 1 suppose she doesn't like to pmti.t.on at the studios where the pic tures.are painted." :'She doesn't paint her own pictures, theft?" "Not all of them. It's easier to pick them up here and there and bring them tome to sell I don't know how much she pays the artists who paint them, and I don't care., It's ~ine of my business. All I know.is;that 'he work is very good and that I1 can get gobd prices for it. I suppose she is buildibngup -i reputation an thestrength.of'these canvases. Well, why shouldn't she? She gives work to a lot of people who would probably starve otherwise. You see, scores of persons can paint pictures and very few have the knack of getting them sold." Sometimes an artist signs more than no name to his own work. This hap pens every day on some of the illustrat td weeklies published for Broadway 2irculation. The publisher doesn't like to see one man's name signed to every zartoon or fall page picture. He does not want it known that his staff of art ists is so small. Not long ago one of he cleverest of the illustrators used to ign his own name to the big two page picture in the middle of the periodical nd a nom de plume to the first page Irawing every week. In a little while se began to receive letters addressed to he assumed name, giving orders for York and full of compliments. He had uilt up a reputation for the mythical irtist which he could not get for him .?alapriao .ne hoac?. v.,,a a increase the fame and the revenue if his ghost. A New York artist who draws for the pictorial weeklies tells a story of his xperience in England at a time when I11 the. publishers were demanding French illustrators and had no use for aative talent. This particular artist new that lio could cut corsages as low and skirts as high as any Frenchman that ever lived. He had spent several vacations and lots of hard earned mon sy in seeing the particular side of Pa risian life that the publishers were howl ing for at that particular time. He assumed a very Frenchy name, wrote in that language altogether and submitted his sketches, which already out-Frenched the Frenchmen in their naughtiness. He made a big hit, his tail orders were numerous, and for many months he enjoyed a lucrative in come under his title of De Boulanger or whatever it was, while all the other English illustrators were drawing for the religions weeklies, which cannot afford to pay half as big prices to their artists as their more wicked and per haps more interesting contemporaries. In the window of a picture store in Harlem there were exposed for sale not long ago two small canvases with the magic name of Corot in the corner. The price of each was $250. Now, a genu ne Corot is worth anywhere from $1, 000 up. Was it a mistake or an at tempt at swindling? The pictures were in Corot's style, and only an expeAf could tell whether they were genuine or not. The dealer would give no written guarantee. He said he believed the two canvases were genuine, and he explain ed the low price by saying that he bought the pictures from a man in hard luck who was ignorant of their value. The purchaser took all the risk. If the pictures were not genuine Corots, their real value was anywhere. from $5 to e50. That is one of the queer things in the art business. There are pawnbrokers in this town who have been known to go into a pic ture swindling scheme, as more than one credulous buyer has learned to his cost It is not an infrequent occur rence for an amateur in art to be ap proached with a #Lqucst to buy a pawn ticket calling for a lot of pictures pledg ed for, say, $100. The pictures, the stranger says, are worth at least $250. He will sell the ticket for $25. If the amateur buys it, he pays not only the $25 for the ticket, but the $100 and ib terest to the pawnbroker. It is a perfectly safe and eahy meth od of swindling. Neither the pawn brokler nor the ticket seller is likely to be caughk The pictures may only be worth $10. It cannot be proved that the pawnbroker knew this or that the other man knew it, for that matter. The victim has scarcely any mode of redress. Swindles like this would not be possible but for the fact that very many men believe they know all there is to be known about art, when, as a matter of fact, they know nothing at all. Or, in other words, "the crop of suckers never fails, " to quote the old maxim of the green goods dealer.- New Yorl- World. 