SPORTING. BV ' AUODKS OHnsT. A cricket match will be piayei next Saturday between the employees of the Narandera Carriage Factory and the em ployees of the Oa.kba.uk Brewery. The con teat will Uke place on the Park oval, and as it is the first time these ' champions ' have w» tvi* wuviws*uiiDj vug game euiuuiu prOVC very interesting. To-morrow (Wednesday) a crickst match will be played between the Excelsior Brass Band and the Narandera Fire Brigade. Both teams are very sanguine of winning, but the betting is in favor of the ' trum peters.' A cricket match, rather of a novel character and something out of the common to the Narandera people, in the form of a fancy coatune contest, will take place on Wednesday, 3rd April. The match will be between the ra'lwoy employees and tho Half- Holiday Association. A collection will be ta^en up on the ground iu aid of the Hospital. TlieHa7cricVetereseem to i;ave taken a rither strained view of the jiropo al that Nirandera should unite with them to get the M, C. C. to visit the disHct at EiSier. At a special meeting of the CricM Council on March 18th, it wis resolve 1 on the motion of Mr Aco'ke, seconded br Mr Bussell— «? Th»t the proposed visit »f the Melbourne cricketers be abanlonel, owi.ig principally to the Ntrander.-i cricketers backing down, and to tbe absence from t-^wn at Easier of several of the 'most prominent local cricketers.' S» iir aa Narand to was oonce a d there wti no ' backing down.' Asa preliminary Nanradena, offered to share the un»t, £50, to -?ei Melbourne to make the visit, but as Hay apiirnoriaterl the two best days for their ?natch'Naranrler-i cou^d har.ljy see their way clear to Ibo give £25 under these conditi'-ns. Hay having S iturdiv and Easter Mon ay, aim a well nppoiatud preiind could very easily have given £35, leaving VaranrJera to flnfl CI6 ; Unt from all amounts tt would seem that Hay not h ving . st cng team and al o haviu.2 fou.d a former v sit of Melbo'irne criolc ters a. heavy item, decided to hoi I off the pl-gject. \t tlie a Line time the Naraml-'a cricketers repudiate the sta eraent of having ' ba'keii down' over t:.e rrooosal. 