A LP SENTENCE. By Adeline Sergeant, Author of "Jaoohi's "Wife." "Under False Pretences," "Hoy's Hepentancc," " Devoril's Diamond," &o.;, &c.; Alt Queensland Riohts Reserved.') CHAPTER XXXVII.— (Continue#). ' Yes, I am sorry that you havo to do it. Rut better break your word than . marry a man you do not love.' . ' And who docs not love me,' said Enid, in an exceedingly low tone. ' Are you really euro of that, Enid ? ' ' Indeed — indeed, I think so ! He is bo cold and indifferent, and we never agree when we talk together ; he seems impatient of .my ideas. Our tastes are quite different, and I am sure that I should not be happy with him, or ho with me.' , ' You will be brave, then, my love, and tell him so ? ' 'Yea.' But again she shrank from him. ' Oh, what shall I do if Bhe — if Connie tells me that I must ? ' Mr; Evandale frowned. 'Are yon ao muoh afraid of Mrs. Vane?' ' 'Yea,' She said timorously, 'I am. She i— die frightens me ! Oh, don't he angry ! !I know I am very weak ; hut, indeed, I , cannot help it !' and Bhe burst into despair ing tears. ' My darling, my poor little Enid, I am not angry at all ! "We will brave her to gether, you and I. You shall not be afraid of her any longer ; you will know that I am always near to protect you — to strengthen you. And you will, trust mo ?' Sho tried to answer 'Yes,' hut her strength suddenly seemed to die away from her. She slipped from hie arm and lay baok upon the cushions; a bluish tinge overspread her lips ; her face turned deadly white ; she seemed upon the verge of a swoon. CHAPTER XXXVIII. Evandale, though alarmed at Enid's sudden illness, did not Iobc his presence of mind. Fortunately he had in his pocket a flask of brandy which ho was carrying to a sick parishioner. In a moment he had uncorked it and com pelled her to swallow a mouthful or two ; then he fanned her with a great black fan which had lain upon her lap ; and finally he remembered that he had seen a great watering can full of wator standing in tho garden path not far away, and found that it had not been removed. The cold water with which he moistened her lips and brow brought her to herself ; in a fow minutes ehe was able to look up at him and smile, and presently deolared hereelf quite well. But Evandale was very grave. ' Are you often faint, Enid ?' he asked. ' Rather often ; but this ' — with a little tinge of colour in her pale cheeks — ' this is just a common kind of faintnese — it iB not like the other.' ' I know ; bat I do not like you to turn faint in this way. May I ask you a few questions about yourself ?' ' Oh, yos — I know that you are quite a doctor !' said Enid, smiling at him with perfect confidence. So the rector put hie questions — and very etrango questions some of them wero, thought Eoid, though he was wonderfully correct in guessing what she folt. Yes. ehe wee nearly always faint and sick ; sho had a etrango burning sensation some times in her cheat, she had violent palpi tations and odd feelings of terrible fright and depression. But the doctor had aeBUred her that ehe had not the faintest trace of organic disease of the heart, and that these functional disturbances would speedily pass away. Mr. ingledow had sounded her and told her that she need not be alarmed — and, of course, he waB a clever man. ' Enid,' said the rector at laBt, after a long pause, and rather as if ho was try ing to make a sort of joko which, after all, was not amusing, 'I am going to ask. you what yon will think a very foolish question. Have you an enemy in the house — here, at Beoclifield Hall V Enid's eyes dilated with a look of terror. ' Why — why do you nek ?' ' It is a ridiculous question, is it not ?' But I thought that perhaps somebody had been playing on your norvoB, and wonting to frighten you about yourself. Ie there anybody who might possibly do so?' ' Her lips parted twico before any articu late word issued from them. At laet he caught the answer ' Only Connie.' He was silent for a moment. ' Do you take any medicine ?' ho asked at length. ' Yes ; Mr. Ingledow sent me some. . 'What ie it like?' ' I don't know ; it is not disagreeable. 'Connie looked at it, and said that it was a calming mixture.' ' ' I should like to see the prescription ; perhaps it does not quite suit you. And who gives it to you ?' ' I take it myself ; it is kept in my bedroom.' ' And what else did you drink and eat ?' e&id; the rector, smiling. 'You see I am quite the learned physician. I want to know all about your habits.' ' Oh, I eat and drink juet what other people do I' ' '.Are you thirsty at night?' ' Yes — very. How did you guess that? I have orange-water or lemonudo put beside me every night, bo that I may . drink it if I wake up.' And then Evandale, who was watoh- ing her intently, saw that her face . changed as if an unpleasant thought had Buddenly recurred to her. v' What is it dear?' ' It was only a dream I have had several times — it troubles me whenever I think of it ; hut I know that it ie only a dream.' 'Won't you tell me' what it was? I Bhould like to hear ! Lay your head hack on my shoulder again and tell me about it.' . Enid sighed again hut it was with blias. \- ' Perhaps I shall not dream if I tell it all to yon,', she murmured. ' It seems to . ino sometimes as if— in tho middle of the night— I wake up and boo eomeono;in the room — a white figure standing by my bed; and she is always pouring' somo- ' thing into my glass ; or sometimes sho offers it to me and makes me drink ; and she looks at me as if sho hated me ; and I— I am afraid!' v . . . ! Bnt who is it, my darling ? 1 1 suppose it is nobody, because no- / body elap see it but me. 1 maie Parker sleep with . me two or three times ; but she said that Bhe saw notbing, and that 'sho . was certain that nobody had Come into the room. I' suppose it was a— a ghost ?' 1 Nonsense, dearest 1' . 'Then it was an optical illusion, and I am going out of my mind,' said Enid, despairingly. ' Was the figure liko that of anyone you know ?' 1 , 'Yes — Connie.' ' Mrs. "Vane ? And you think that Bhe does not like you ?' I know that sho hates inc.' ' My_ darling, it ie simply a nightmare — nothing more.' But ho felt her trembling in' his arms. 'It is more than a nightmare, I am sure. You know.that people used to say that I might go out of my mind if those terrible seizures attacked me? I havo not had so many of them lately ; but I feol weaker than ever I did — I feel as if I were going to die. Perhaps it would bo bettor if I were to die, and then I should not ho a trouble and a cure to any body. And it would bo hotter to die than to go mad, would it not ?' 'Eaid,' said the rector, very gravely, ' I believe that your malady is entirely one of the nerves, and that it can he con trolled. 5fou must try t<) believe, my darling, that you could conquer it if you tried. When you fool tho approach- of one of thesA seizures, as you call them, resolve that you will not give way. By a determined effort L think it is possible for you to ward them off. Will you try, for my sake ?' ' I will try,' eaid Enid, wearily ; ' hut I am afraid that trying will be useless.' ' And another thing — I do not believe that Mr. Ingledew ie giving you tho right kind of medioine. I want yon quietly to stop taking it for a week, and to stop drinking lemonade or orange-water at night. In a week's time let ns see how you feol. If you are no hotter I will talk to Ingledew myself. Will you pro-, miae me that ? Say, " Yes, Maurice.' " ' Yes, Maurice — I promise you.' ' And ono thing more, my own dearest. When that nightmare attaoks you again, try to conquer your fear of it. Do not lioj still ; riee up and see what it really is. You may find that your dreamy state has misled you and that what you took for a threatening figure is merely that of a servant who has had orders to come and eeo whother you were sleeping or not. Nightmares often resolve themselves into very harmless things. And of the super natural I do not think that you need he alarmed; God is always near you — He will not suffer you to ho frightened by phantoms of tho night. Remember whon you wake that I shall be thinking of, you — praying for you. I am often up very late, and I do not sleep heavily. I shall probably ho awake thinking of you — or I may be praying for you darling, in my very dreams. Will you think of that and try to bo brave ? ' 'I feel braver now,' said the girl, simply. ' Yos, Maurice, I will do all you ask. I da not think that I shall feel afraid again.' He left her soon afterwards, and re turned on the following morning, to hear, not with surprise, that she had slept better, that Bhe had no nightmare, and that ehe suffered less from nausea and faintnesa than usual Mrs. Yane was away for a second night, and he had time to Bee Eaid again before her return. She had not touched her medicine bottleB, and there was again a slight hut marked improvement in her condition. Mr. Evandale induoed her to fetch one of the bottles of Mr. Inglodew's mixture, which ho put into his packet and convoyed to his own home. Hero ho amolt, tasted, and to some extent analysed it: The result was such as to plunge him for a short time into deep and troubled thought. ' I expected it,' he eaid at last, with an impatient sigh. ' The symptoms were those of digitalis poisoning. There ie not enough in this concoction to do her muoh harm, howover. It is given to her in some other form — in that lemonade at night, porhaps. Well, I shall soon eee whether my suspicions are oorreot when Mrs. Yane comes home.' CHAPTER XXXIX. Cynthia, unconscious of the plots of which she was at present the innocent centre, was meanwhile contending with a eenBstion of profound discouragement, mental and physical. She had a severe headache, and was deeply depressed in spirits. She had lain awake almost entirely for two nights trying to reconcile her ideal of Hubert with tho fow words that had escaped him — words which surely pointed to a darker knowledge, a deadlier guilt, thanmny which her love could of itself have attributed to him. Had ho known then all the time that her father was not a murderer ? Was her father's theory correct ? Had he been screening his Bister at the poor workingman's oxponse ? Cynthia's blood ran cold at tho thought, for, in that case, . which side was she to take ? She could not abandon her father — she might aban don Hubert ; but, strange myBtery of a woman's heart, she could not love him less. What she could do she know not. For Enid's eake, indeed, ehe had set him free ; but in the hour of her anguish she questioned her right to do eo ; for surely, if he knew more of the manner of Sydney Vane's doath tlmn the world knew, there was even a greater barrier botween him and Enid than botween him and Cynthia herself. Enid would give him up — Cynthia felt sure of that ; and, if she gave him up too, he would he indeed alone. The world might say that he had deserved bis loneliness; hut she could not take the world's view. To her the man that sho loved was sacred ; his faults wore to bo screened, his orimee forgiven. Whatever he did, she could nover ceaBe to love. him. So she said to herself ; but, after all, her hour of trial had not come ; she did not know ob yet oil that Hubert Lepel' had done. , Sim had eecn Hubert leave her with a sensation of tho deepest dismay. She felt that a orisis had come and gone, and that in some way she had failed to turn it to the best acoount. In spite of her expressed resolve , to Bee Hubort no more, sho was disappointed that ho did not re turn to, her. . She expected to see him on the follow ing day, to remark hie face at a concert where she was to Bing on tho "Wednesday evening. He had left her on a Tuesday she was eure that Bhe would get a letter from him on Thursday. But Thureduy was almost over, and she had neither Boon nor heard from him. Had he resolved to give her up ? Was he ill ? Why , had she not heard from .him since Tuesday ? 1 Shc racked hor brnin to discover a cause for hie silence other than her own wild appeal to him ; she did not believe that that- alone .would Buffico to keep him away." But it was all of no avail. Anothor source of anxiety for. her lay in the foot that ehe had also not heard from her father since Tuesday morning. She did not know whether ho had left Mrs. Ounn's house or not, and did not like to risk the sending of a letter. That 'he trusted far too muoh to his disguise Cynthia was' well aware. His rashness made her sometimes quiver all over with positive fright when she thought of it. He was running a terrible risk — and for what oause? At first, simply hecauso he wanted to see his ' daughter ; how beoause he fancied that he had found a clue to the murderer of Sydney Vane — a slight, faint, elusive clue, but one which seemed to him worth following up. And Cynthia, who had onco hesitated to leave England, would now have boon glad to start with him at once, if only ehe could get him away. She began to fear that he would stay at any risk. 'You are losing your beauty, child,' Madamo della Scala had discontentedly said to her that morning at breakfast time ; ' you have grown ton years older in the laet week. And it ie the height of the season, and you have dozens of engagements! To-night, now, you sing at Lady Beauclero'e — do you not ?' 'Yes, madamo; hut I shall he all right by that time. I " have u headache thiR morning.' ' You are too' white, child, and your eyes are heavy. It does not suit your style to he colourless. You had better get my maid to attend to you before you go out to-night. Sho ie incomparable at complexions.' ' Thuuk you— I shall not need rouge whon I begin to eing,' eaid Cynthia, laughing rather joylessly; 'the colour will come of itself.' ' I know ono who used always to bring it,' eaid madamo, casting n shurp glance at the girl's pule face. ' He had it in his poclcct, ' I suppose, or at tho tips of his fingers — and I never saw it fail with you. "Where is the magician gone, Cynthia mia ? Where ie Mr. Lepel — ce belle homtne who brought the rouge in his pocket ? Why, tho very mention of his namo does wonders! The beautiful red colour ie back again now.' ' I do not know where Mr. Lepel ie,' said Cynthia, wishing hoartily that her cheeks would not betray her. ' You have not quarrelled ? ' ' I do not know, madame.' ' Ah, then you have ! But you are a very silly child, and ought to know bettor after all that you have gone through. Quarrelling with Mr. Lepel means quar relling with your bread and (butter, us you English people term it. Why not keep on good torms with him until your training, at any rate, is complete ? ' Cynthia raised her dark eyes, with a new light in them. ' I am to bo friendly with him as long as I need his help ? Is that it madamo ? I do not quite agree with you; and 1 think the time has come when 1 muBt he independent now.', ' Independent ! 'What can you do ? ' said madame, throwing up her hands. 'A baby liko you — with that face and that voice! 'You want very careful guarding, my dear, or you will spoil your career. You must not think of in dependence for tho next ten years.' fro be continued to-morrow. | 