Illustrations Fop Farmers ?_i -.^i t1-.' -ii ?? w.i .... APPLE CANKER. Although many years have e'apsed since the life-history of the oanter fungus (Nee tria ditissima) has teen worked out by the mycologiBt, the. majority of practical fruit growers do not yet seem to fully recognise the fact that the parasite in question is the direct cause of the fdiseasa, and that, while every endeavour should be made to remove any unsuitable conditions cf growth that may predispose to, and thus act as indirect causes of, canker, it is essential that steps should be taken to destroy or check the parasite itself. It is not surprising that the 'rank and file ' of practical gardeners should fail to attach sufficient importmce to the life-work of the destructive fungue,for nearly all our leading pornomblogists have, in their pub lished writings, treated this portion of their s bject in a manner that is in the highest degree uuEatisisctoty. Some writers when dealing wi,th canker and its causes ignpre the fungus altogether; this ia playing 'Hamlet?' without the ghost. Others, while admifcting'-thafc ife may do something fco. wax'ds 'a£gravat io£thecompl-rint,regard its effects as of quite secendary importance. Others again look upon the fungui as an effect rather than as a catse. Thas, for instance a well-known authority in a re cently-published and olherwise excellent little hook on fru't-culture S9ys, with re« ferene -o Nectria ' ditissima, '.' although tbi3 fungus may he present ,ia all cacker wtunds it IB probable only an accompany ing effect, and nob tbefcause of the disease.' In the same woik i3i:given a woodcut in tendf d to represent the fungus j but the inaccuracy of the drawing compels one to suppose that it is the work of someone who has never examined l the' organism under the microscope. The fact of such an illus tration being admitted indicates the slight importance attachedrto |the ftingus by tile author. \ *'.*...',''..'.'.'.':' . .' .'\ .,' -Many similar instances might be cited, but]my pre:ent purpMeJsjppt so much to criticise the work of . .nay superiors, aB to urge the necefitity of direclly attack'ngtte parasite under consideration,^ addition to adopting the preventive . meafures usually recommended. In o.thtr ,w?rds, our .war fare with fungoid pests would . be offensive ss^we1! asdefensire, if we desire to obtain a complete msstery over them. ..-??; : Unfortanafely, the presence of the fungus is not usually ?; de*ejted until ifc has been at ?work upon itsifpoi'e'capsuleB tome time, (he bright red-coloured ?perithecia do not at first appear, and these often escape observation unless car? fully looked fori Remedies are seldom applied until the warty excrescences and open' cancerous wounds proclaim the disease to be in an a'dranced stage. Ifc is nee He- s to say that when a disorder has progressed bo: far drastic treatment i'b nee'eeswy. Diseas'd wood should be cut 'clean tout1 with a, sharp1 knife, and the wound, af fc'e'c: having been pa^ed quite 6mcotb,-houldfce painted over with styptic: made by dissolving shellac in ppiri s cf wite. For dressing sn all wounds I have foind Canada BiJsim answer wVll; bat,;th,is Bubatance ''would doubtless prove APPLE CANKBB. Canker in apple : showing progress of the diseas?. Half natural size. : ' too expensive for covering large purfaces. Spring is the best season for this excision of diseased wcod and bark. If the can kered tissue extends so far round as to render the latter too weak to ? support a crop or to withstand the force of the wind, it is well to cut the branch, clean off below the injured placa. Should the amputation spoil the sbap9 of the tree, the stump may be-regrif ted— unless, of course, a suitably placed dormant bud be pushed into growth by tbe heading back, in which case the gap may quiokiy be filled without re-grafting. Although much may be dote to arrest the sprfad of the disease by exoision and ampu1 ation, it is highly desirable that the fungus should be checked at a sufficiently early stage to make such drastic measurea unnecessary. . . The most obvious precaution is to avoid grafting with a scion that is already af fected, oven in the slightest- degrppi -If any of the red fructifications (penWecia)are to ba seen, the sh.ot thould be rejected, for, even if note sf the innumerable epcr'eV contained in each peritbecium succeed it obtaining a foothold, Ihe mycelium whir*!, baa given rise to the petitheeia is able to grow wi'hin the living tissues of the stem. It is prcbable that the mycelium ia able to keep pace with the growth of the host, so that a scion in wbioh even the] minutest porficn of mycelium iv present; meiy pro duce a frpe whoie every brarcb. and tw:g is ramified by tnyoelial threads. Soocer or later these .m8y cause the characteristic ' Eoresof canker, and the destruction of the tree is only * matter of time. ! ? ?- Whether the Bpores are able to penetrate the healthy cortex, or whether the fttngittB can only gain admission through craoks'in lha bark caused by frost or through punc-' ture by. insect?, is a question that has not yet been decisively answered. Until re-: cently it was. believed tb at the spores of the fungus caus:ng larch canker (Peziza, willkommii) — a not distant relative of nec tria— oould only attack its boat through . putcturts or fissures in the bark. but it baa been stated recently by Mr J. B. Garrut heirs that they can pierce sound eutitular layers if the latter are suffic-antly jounpr, It!is quite po3sib'o that the sports cf nectri,a poFS°8s the fame power. This autumn. J' have observed numerous peritbecia upon this year's growth of a badly .cankered Victoria plum tree. These perithecia are Bimated some 30 odd inches above the point to which the shoot vca3 pruned: back last winter, 'and the growth, in question has. not, so far as I have been able to judge,, been attacked by aphides or other insvets. Nor have I been able to detect, although I have cub and examined microscopically,, several hundred, sectiohe, any trace of in sect attack. Fiona this it may ieascnobly ba cbrc'uded either (l)that the jmycelium. can traverse, in the plum, as much as 30in of s'em during a season; or (2) that trie spores can ? penetrate, sound cortex. 'In either cate, it is evidently efsvntial to at tack directly so vJru'enfc a diseasp, end to do so' as early as poesible. : On the Continerit/ I believe, sulphate of iron is uted, as a fungicide for apple end other trees affected by canker. A Eolutibn of lib of proto'Su|pha'e in 60 or 60 gallons of water; at plied in a fine spray, might prove efficacious. The firat application, might be made b: fore flowering, and the dose might be. repeatei after the fruit is set, and again once or twice at intervals of three weeks. This repi'itionis neces sary, because the eheddin'g of spores by the perithecia is a process which continues for Eome-iiaieV, ??????'? j The ammoniacal carbonate of copper spray is much Ufed in tbe United Statas and Gainncla as a means of preventing apple scab (Cladosporium dandritiourti), and there is no reason why it should not be come more widely used than it is in this, country, both for Ecab and for canker. The. formula is :— loz of carbonate of copper, 36oz of ammonia, 2Ogals of water. The first spraying is given as soon ao;the fruit in Eet^, and the prc cess is repeated three or four times in early summer atjintervals cf two or three weeks. ? ...;.; I am not aware whether Bordeaux mix ture, which is. so valuable in cprmectio. with the potato fungus 'PhytopJithoro, in fest ahs); has been tried for Nectria ditis-: t-imaj but is would be certainly worth while to apply it experimentally:— O. W. Herbert Greavep, in the Gardeners' Chronicle. . : 