THOU ART THE MAH! By MISS EBADDOIT, Author OP . . . " Lady Audley's; Secret, ''iMAuverg Floyd,'.' ' '.'Dead Men's Shoes,''.:" Phantom 1 ' Fortune," "WjUard'sfWeird," / "Dike and1 Unlike,'- "AU Along the River," &o.; . rAt.ii Queensund Rutins Rxbebvbb. CHAPTER XXXl.(CMlinue/l.) Tho two wluto-onppod nurses : vanished through a ourtainod door that opened' into Lord Dnnluce's dressing-room— where till the para phernalia of tho sportsman's toilet had beori swept away to givo space for the apparatus of sickness — kottlos, and sauoepans and spirit lamps, now inventions for comfort or relief, extravagant in prioo and infinitesimal in value to tlw suiforor— contrivances tried once, perhaps and novor- tried nguin— tho droary details of tho history of failure whiohis being realised— tlio failure hofore.whidh thophysiolan owns himself an experimentalist, and the surgeon confesses that his utmost skill can only postpoho tho iiiovltablo ond.; Hubert Frquha'rt looked at his brother's widow with a oynionl srailo— a smile on lips contraotod by pain. " I thought my letter would fetch you," ho said ; " You have come to see Cod's judgmont npon a sinner. You remomhor how Herod tho king was caton of worms and gave up the ghost —an oxamplo of God's judgmont, Bwifc and sharp— a ready monoy vengeaneo." And you think that this foul loprosy whioh is killing mo is God's judgment upon murdor. Bosh, Lady Dunluco. Clerical spuffio! There are good men und women all ovor tho world doomod just as I am doomed — with a puia as lingering with a faith as hopeless — Christians of purest wator, shining lights in tho durkaosss of this world— suffering just as I suffer. When you, and such as you, talk of tbom you givo your God praiso for tho blessed oxamplo of their affliotion, and rocogniso tho iuoifablo wisdom that tortures and kills. Yau soo mo striokon down and you exult God the Avongor. You see no inconsistency in tho hand that strikes the wolves and tho lambs with tho samo rod. Come, own that your heart burns with triumph at seoing this living wrcok whioh I still call ME. A few hours honce the undertakers will bo talking of IT." " I am as sorry for you as I oan bo, remem bering what Brandon Mountford suffored." "Ho, suffered — why his life was a lifo of oase and comfort— his ton dull years wore no worso than one dull afternoon— measured against what I havo . suffered in the last six months. Don't waste your pity upon an epileptic, whoso convulsions may ho ugly to look at, hut leave no memory, inlliot no pain upon tho patient. He suffer! Keep your pity for tho man whoso tortured consciousness no narcotic can annihilate — whose sleep has boon peopled and spun into scorning otcrnity by dreams of indosoribablo horror. And whoro do you think those dreams took mo — Lady Dunluce — what do you suppose was tho almost invariable background of those hideous phnn-. tasies?" "Tho wood whoro you killed Murio Arnold ?' ' she answered, liar oyes looking into his, as ho sat up in the bod, grasping her hand with his clammy fingers, and bringing his bandaged face nearer hers, so that she might liear the feeble voiao. "You nro good at guessing. Yes, that is tho placo where tho morphia fiend takes me. He takes mo by tho hand— a little bluok devil with a mooting grin— his skinny hand dutches mine, and he drags mo to tho wood ; and alio is thoro— lovoly, and cruel as she waB that evening — in tho golden sunset. Oh, God, how beautiful her eyes wore with that golden light reflected in their velvet darkness. How cold, how cruol. Suoli bitter scathing words- hatred of lovo— lovo of your lover — hatred that turnod to loathing when I drew her to my breast and kissed hor reluctant lips, and tried to mako her understand, that passionato love like minowae to ho valued, or to he feared; that if she would not havo me for hor huBhond, and tuko her chanco of my doing well in lifo, and making a great lady of hor, I would ho revenged on hor somehow. A love like mine was not to ho trifled with any more than a raging fire. But sho was so hold, and so proud. Sue iluug mo off with her strong young arms. Sho laughed at my pussion and my throats. Sho accused me of only wanting Sir Joseph's money— not really caring for hor. She was so strong, such a grand creature iu hor strength and beauty. And I had a knife iu my breast pookot— Mountford's knife whioh I had borrowed a day or two before— and dutch- ing at my breast, beside raysolf with passion, I felt tho knifo, und remembered that it was there. You can guess the rest. You may remember that I was late for dinner, hut that I sat down with you and your father, and was wanting in no observance of a gentleman. It wus not till along time aftorwards thut you began to Buspsot mo." Sibyl heard him in silence, and remained silent now whon tho bloodless fingers loosened from her hand, and he Bank baok among tho pillows, exhausted by tho most sustained effort that lio had made for n long time. His breath camo and wont in hoarse pant- ings, his wan hands moved restlessly npon tho coverlet, and thoso haggard blood-shot oyes rolled wildly in thoir orbits as he looked at Sibyl's white agonised faoo. " Havo . yon nothing to. say P" ho gasped at length. " Nothing. ; God lieljp you in .this dark ond of your wiokod lifo;" ' " You uro not surprised at my oonfossion P " "No, up. I know you' wore the murderer. I havo been convinced of that for a long timo. You broke my father's. heart; shortened Ids lifo, . You spoilt Brandon's lifo and mine. And your viotim— that young ; bright lifo— thoro novor was a crueller murder. "What good can I, do lioro P - Tray to God for pardon. Wliat' I think or feel oan mattor nothing to you. You can rosters nothing— undo nothing'." "No ; tho past is' post. I cannot bring Marie Arnold baok to ' lifo. I would havo given twenty years of my life to undo that— twenty years, did I say? — I would havo givon all that was left of. my life for one day with her— to die, blo wing that I had not killed her— ; that the murder in the wood was- only a hideous droain'. Call tho nurse. It is ' time for my morphia. The . paln—tho rucking pain — is beginning, L must -havo my . dose. And then the morphia' fiend will take me ly the hand and load mo undor1 tlio -fir trees, treading tho paths whore our footsteps havo no sound on the. fir needles, ,and I shall soo her - again in hor white gown, with crimson gosh across hor throat." 7 ' . Tho nurses came,, quiet, prompt, wlth quiok movements of skilful hands— one on eaph sido of the bed, ono sustainipg the patient' while 'the other udmiuistorod taonureotio. k.A ': Sibyl sank on hor knoetf at -the -foot'of tho bed; and with bent bramK and: covered fnqo. broathed a brief prnyofios God's meroy .to a dying sinner; thon rioddSljl a oilent - goqd-night to the nurses and stolo softly, from tho room. .v 1 t'fevh '7" Those trained hands had. re-arranged the disordered pillWs, liad placed tho sufferer's head hi an easier positiop,- had smoothed the silken coverlet, laying it lightly over tlie Wasted frame, and ; the morphia was already at work, tranquilising tlie limbs, oroeping through the labyrinth 'of !tao brain,' giving respite from bodily torture, but bringing with it droams.tliat rooked tab mind. ' In all Hubert' Urquhart's doflant confession of past guilt there had been no word of a still darker crime, a crime planned in cold blood, tliought out, and slowly rcsolvod upon, carried out with unwavering oraft arid ' 'purpotie, and with us little ooinpunotipn as, the ' hunter feels for the agonies of a noble beast traoked aoross tjip wilderness, wntohed and waited for, and slain without meroy. Of that crime,., wWoh CproUe know, hot one word had escaped the murderer on lus deathbed : and the daughter knowledge of that dreadful seorot remained unshared and unsuspected. ' . 1 ' Lord Bunluce lingorod for more than a wook after his interview with Sibyl; but those last days and nights wore one long morphia sloop, and an ' almost uhhrokou pilgrimago through tho dark labyrinth of hideous memories. The skill and the bare of doqtors and nurses were employed to keep him alive when Nature would havo let him dio, and to reduce life to unoon- soiousuess throughout those extra hours wrested fromdeath. At last the eud came— only a sinking deeper into that morphia darkness — only tho fall of Death's ourtain on those distorted momorios of past sin. A gentlemanlike vulture — in tho shape of un undertaker — come post haste from Carlisle and took possession of that whioh had beon'Huhort, eighth Earl of Dunluco. There was a stately funeral, an earl's coronet upon n vclvot coffin, an open hcarso like a triumphal oar, with six blook horses tossing their Flemish houds and ourving their heavy Flemish nooks, and all tho neighbouring gentry sent their empty carriages to express respect for a man who had been universally disliked, und whoso rare occupation of tho Caatdo .had been regarded— except by tho local tradespeople— as a merciful dispensation. The distant cousin, who succeeded to tho title nnd entailed estates, was an oldorly gontlomun of unblemished respectability, with a largo family of sons and'duughtors, tho sons spurting, the daughters plain, pious, and hopo- lessly hnfashionahlp ; just tho sort of people to spend ten months of the year at tho Oastle, and to furnish an eldest son who would stand for that division of the county, and piotoot local interests in tho stress and storm of the Imperial Parliament. The now Earl and his family woro aware how much of thoir prosperity thoy owed to tho Dowagor Lady Dunluoe, and thoy took pains to oultivate her friendship, and to be oivil to Lady Coralio Urquhart, who had bean so unaccountably estranged from her fathor. Postscript. "What remains to ho told of .Sibyl's life history P Another year of quiet widowhood, in spite of tho pleuding of a devoted lover ; and tlioii, on a gray morning at tlio beginning of tho year, the quiotost of weddings in tho parish churoh at Ardliston. Husband and wife driving to tho station in timo for the London express on tho first stngo of their journey to Rome— to that oity of ohurches, whoro it is John Covordalo's delight to oxponnd ecclesias tical history written in all that thoro is of archi tectural grandeur, from tho gray- antiquity of S. .Olemento to tho granite navo and modem mosaics in tho mighty basilica whioli com- momorntes tlio matyrdom of St. Paul. An Italian honeymoon whioh seems only too briof ' m that lovely land ; and thon Mr. Coverdalo and his wife return to England; he to resumo the burdon of duty — not among the minors of Workington, but in a populous end wealthy centre in the East Ridiug, whoro tho fine old aharah is only a little less than a oathedral in spaciousness and beauty ; a cure whioh has always boon hold by a oliurohmanof mark, and has always been regarded as tho prelude to higher dignities. John Coverdalo has made himsolf known as a fine preaohor, and an indefatigable worker — a preacher with the philoeophical breadth of Ltddon, and tho magnotio personality of Froderiok Robertson ; a preaoher who has heon able to beguiio tho rough minora from their Sabbath luxury of shirt-sleeves und laziness, dog-fights, and rat- catoliing, and to hold thorn spollbound by his impassioned appeals to that best sido of human thought, and feeling whioh will always answer to him who kuo ws ho w to oqll. Tho mau whom Coralio desoribod as cold, preoise, and priggish, has shown' himsolf gifted with the finest qualities of preaoher und priest, and ho is warmly woluomod to the groat Yorkshire town -by all tho best and most oaltivatod amongst tho community. Difficulties and dissensions will aviso doubtless in somo quarters, for John Oovordalo hnB a strong hand in the roforin of old abuses, and is one of those men of whom it is said that thoy will have their own way ; hut his way is a good way, and his influence is a goodinflucnoo for ull in hi9 parish, mo3t of all for tho poor, and for those who nocd tho awakening call, tho stringent, yet tender hand leading them to tlio fold. In this busy oantro Sibyl loarns to know and understand now phases of life. Sho finds her self no longer in a small oommunity, whoro ono mau's wealth oan uohiovo wondors of order and prosperity, and one man's influence enn shapo all things to his liking, but in tho thiok of the bitter battle, among revolts and conspiracies of labour against capital, and the oxaotions and injustioos of oapital ugainst labour ; the contest of strength with strength ; the appeals to publio opinion ; tho power, somotimos roekioss and fatal, sometimes wise and beneficent, of n free Tress ; tho heat and strife of poUtioB. Here alio must live through sousons of fear and sadness, tho terrors of a fovor-striokon town, tho alternations of loeal prosperity, good timos and had times, the collapse of groat enterprises, tho ruin of great bommorcial houses that havo been ranked among tho wealthiest. Hore sho has to learn the lesson of lifo in all its. atom reality, and here sho has to disoover how little her wealth can do where noeds are so oonetont and manifold. That her fortune nnd hor life-' . labour are used for - tho help of the suffering, for. tho reclamation of the lost, none who over knew her could doubt. . "My aunt is a saint," said Gora, perokod daintily on her hunting saddle, -sitting in a sheltered corner waiting for the fox to break cover, and ohatBng ohcorlly . with a group of admirers. ' " My aunt livos only to do good to other, peoplo, and sho. could not have done better than marry Mr.' Ooverdale, who is 'a remarkable man, and would' have mado an admireble pope in the;. days whon popes did a great .deal more, good . or a groht doal more harm in the world than thoy can do now." , : Coralio has no lack of admirers, in. thoso latter days. Sho.is no .longer Coralio Urqubart, for Mr. Stephen Hildrop; of Hilarop Grange; 'noar'Wbrklngton, has allowed himself to fall u viotim to hor $»arp tongue, heat figure, light hands.! and goo# seat, aiid mcotimr and con- \- versing with hor through a couple of seasons mounted on all that is handsomest in three- quarter.: 'bred 'hunters, hos come. gradually to beliovo that Cora :u as good-looking ns ker horses, and has .made, her mistress of himself and his ostato. "" ..' v .". : ' Lady. Goralle; .Hildropiglving . hunting breakfasts, has' a furnished ' house in' Mayf air for tho season, goes every whbre, is likod by a good many people, and feared by tab rest ; is mundane . to ' . the - tips of her . fingersi an affectionate wife, agepdfriend,!a hitter enemy, and utterly j Without meroy . for any pretty woman who misbohavos harself. . 1 : . ' : ' TiieEXD. ; ' 