THE CHRISTIAN BROTHERS' COLLEGE. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE NEW BUILDING. On Sunday last the interesting ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the Chris tian Brothers' new college buildings took place in the presence of a large and repre sentative gathering. The proposed building will be erected immediately in front of.thor e now in use by the Brothers, situated in R+. aonro-n's Terrace, and adioininsr the Government House grounds. The ceremony was performed by His Lordship Dr. Gibney. Among those present were the Rev. Father Bourke, V.G. ; the Rev. Fathers Kelly, Martelli, Nicoll, Brady, O'Ryan, Drayne, O'Shea; ; and the Christian Brothers O'Brien, Fitzgerald, Quigley, anil Bradley ; a large number of the members of the Children of Mary, with their handsomo banners ; Sir J. G. Lee Steere, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly ; Mr. J ustice Stone ; Mr. F. C. Faulkner, head master of tho Perth High School; Mr. n. rsriggs, neau master of the Fremantle High School ; Capt. Campbell, Mr. Horgan, Mr. Moorhead, Mr. Menzie, Messrs. Cavanagh, Messrs. J. and J. Clune, Mr. Castilla, Mr. Hewitt, Mi-. Eveston, Mr. T. Bryan, Mr. T. G. Molloy, Mr. J. J. Davis, Mr. T. F. McCarthy, Mr. J . Molloy, Mr. Christie, and Mr. Dynon. The foundation-stone, a very large one, from the works of Messrs. Wilson, Gray and Co., is placed at the north-west corner of tlie future building, and bears the in scription, "Foundation stone of Christian Brothers' College, laid 3rd November, 1895, by the Most Reverend M. Gibney, D.D., Roman Catholic Bishop of Perth. M. I1'. Cavanagh, A.R.I.B.A., architect." His Lordship, having recited the prayers provided by the ritual, blessed the stone and the foundation it was to rest on. A bottle, containing copies of the W. A. Record, the metropolitan daily papers, coins, medals of the Immaculate Conception and St. Joseph, was placed in a cavity beneath the stone, which was then lowered into its place, His Lordship declaring the stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Mr. Cavanagh, the architect, then made, the following statement : — In response to the request of His Lordship, I have written with great pleasure a brief description of the building, the foundation stone of which he has laid. The length of the building along St. George's Terrace and along the river frontage will be 130ft., the. east and west elevations will be 80ft. The I building will accommodate 120 boarders, the teaching staff and the household of the college. The provision made for their accommodation will be as follows: Large dormitories, lofty, well ventilated anc1 lighted, with lavatories and shower bath: attached. A large refectory for the student and a smaller one for the Brothers, 'wit! serving room attached, and a lift communi eating with the kitchen underneath. Tvv< music rooms, two reception rooms, and : study for the Principal of the college a library and community room, an orator; overlooking the river frontage, and eigh rooms for the Brothers. The entrance hal is marked by a tower, and the main stair case hall will be immediately behind the entrance hall. There will also be a secont staircase at the back. In the basemen- provision is made for a kitchen, scullery laundry, pantries, larder, cellar, storeroom and servants' bedrooms. The building is Gothic in style, with projecting wings oj the east and west sides, and a tower am arcaded balconies along the central pari On the river frontage there are balconie; overlooking the river. The contractors for the work are Messrs. Ryan and Co., well- known local men, who I am sure will give every satisfaction. The materials for tin walls will be Cottesloe stone, pressed bricks and Sydney freestone, and the timber wii be jarrah and oregon; the girders will be steel. This building, taken with the class rooms already in use, the very completi gymnasium, the large play ground, and th< swimming baths and boat shed we hope tc see erected in tlxe near future, will'makt a college as complete in everyway as any in the Australian colonies. His Lordship the Bishop said it was t pleasure to him to be Galled upon to lay tin foundation stone for the Christian Brothers In reply to any criticism which might be made concerning the performance of the ceremony on the Sabbath day, he sail they were taught that God was the God o! Science, and as true reason and true religior were from Him all training in right reason had His approbation, as well as — although not in the same degree— a training in re ligion. And as wisdom was from God the; looked for His blessing upon this work ; the; asked Him to bestow His blessing in a dua7 capacity on the children that were placed in their charge. And it was because they believed that tlie work which would be carried on in tho school would have the approbation of the Highest that they had no hesitation in dedicating a portion of His day, which was to be kept holy, to a work like this. The building stood next to tho wall that enclosed the vice regal domain, and it would bo found that the children trained within it would be taught to be not only true to God, but to s be loyal to their country. The Christian Brothers who had charge of it had estab lishments in Great Britain and Ireland and indeed in almost every one of the British colonies. They had over 100 es tablishments in Ireland with about 800 Brothers ; in Gibralter five establishments with about 30 Brothers ; in Newfoundland four establishments with 20 Brothers ; in India eight establishments with 40 Bro thers, and in Australia and New Zealand 25 Establishments with about 150 Brothers, in all about 1,000 Brothers educating over 50,000 pupils in 142 establishments. As regards Australia, it was almost unneces sary to say anything, for those who read the newspapers could see for themselves the giant strides the Brothers' schools and colleges were making in this fair land of ours. Suffice it to say that over 100 of their boys passed the different University examinations in the colonies during the past year. Last year 14 boys were sent up for the highest University examination in Adelaide, and all passed with honours, a most remarkable achievement. Two of them obtained an A pasB. This was tho highest possible result to be attained at the University. The Brothers had what they called denominational schools, and he might explain that did not mean that they imposed their own religious teaching upon children who do not belong to their per suasion. This was a rule which was strictly observed in the schools where they had mixed scholars, that no pupil was per mitted to remain during the time of any religious instruction when the parents or guardians of the pupil had not given their sanction, and the time of religious instruc tion was so fixed that no pupil was ex cluded from the secular instruction given in tbe school. This was a rule which the Christian Brothers followed, because they wished to follow out tlie principle that the Catholic Church always insisted upon, namely, liberty of conscience. The Church required that everyone should have it. There was no religious denomination that! stood, out so strenuously for religious) equality as the Catholic Church did. She did not allow any interference with conscience. She did not tolerate any persecution for con science sake. Nowhere could it be said it was sanctioned. It might be said falsely, but only falsely; their principle was that as God gave it to man, it must be preserved as his birthright. Hence he" said that while they made provision for having their schoo?s religions, and taught their own children, religion, they did not, must not, and should not, interfere with the children, of others. As they, treated others they asked to be treated themselves. Now, he had made two applications to two Ministers of Educa tion, in which he objected to certain forms of religious teaching in schools said to be secular, and both these applications were fruitless. He got no reply to them. Catholics wanted the liberty they gave to others. He knew well the capacity the Christian Brothers had for instruction, and he ex pected them to realise here all they had done elsewhere, and he thought he might promise on their behalf that there would be nothing left undone for tbe children en trusted to them. He wished success to the undertaking they had commenced that day, and that the Brothers and the children might prosper; that the work now com menced might not cease until it was com pleted. He knew it would be pressing hard upon the Brothers, but he intended to press hard upon them. (Laughter.) He had given them this splendid situation — one well worthy of the house they intended to build upon it — and having done so much he thought he had a right to expect a good, return. He had given them the land andj would give them £500 towards the cost of the building, and trusted that a generous assistance would be given from all parts of tbe colony to such a laudable object, so that no stop would have to be made to the work until it was completed. Mr. Horgan addressed a few remarks to those present, stating that from his experi ence, which spread over a number of yeara, the teaching imparted by the Christian Brothers was the best of the kind to be ob tained by the youth of the present day. He read letters of congratulation from Rev, Fr. Mateu, of Albany, and Mrs. Denoon, of Perth, enclosing donations, and a telegram from Mr. T. J. Quinlan, who was in New- castle, expressing his regret at being unable to be present, and promising his support to the movement. In conclusion, in order to express his approval of the undertaking in a practical manner, Mr. Horgan laid his cheque for £25 on the stone. Subscriptions immediately commoncedto pour in from those presont, amounting to close on .£190, which, together with His Lordship's handsome gift of £500, made a total of nearly £7( 0. As the buildings when complete aie to cost £10,000, thovB is ample room for those generously Inclined to contribute as much as lies in tlieir power. A detailed list of those subscribing will be published shortly, and all amounts sent in will bo duly acknow ledged from time to time in the Record. ' Aftor the ceremony, a large number, hav ing partaken of refreshments provided by the Brothers, strolled round the grounds, inspecting the handsome gymnasium, where a number of the boys were enjoying them selves, and other objects of interest. The True Blue have crushed 53 tons of stone for 85oz. 4dwt. of gold. 