HIS GHOSTLY WIFE. (" Argosy") CHAPTER III. And on her lover's arms Bhe leant, And round her waist she felt it fold ; And far across the hills they went To that new world which is the old.' ■ . Tennyson For three consecutive nights, Ralph Dalston waited up till past three o'clock, on the chance of another glimpse; of his ghostly enchantress, but saw no sign of her ; and although he would hardly admit it to him self, great was his disappointment at her non appearance. ' By this time, Rose Trevor and the Watteau lady were getting rather confused . together in his mind ; and we, as his biographer, must own that this formerly1 hard-hearted young man was in some danger of losing that reputation. He did not know it. Men, as well as woman, liuve a wonderful knack of blinding themselves to what lookers-on consider self evident truth ; and during the days which followed, he attributed his feelings of pleasure in Rose's society, and the admiration her beauty and piquantways excited in his breast; sorely to his memories of1 the charming ap parition. It was noticed ; and commented upon.: by all the house party cluring the course,of the next fortnight or bo, that Rose: Trevor had somewhat adandoned her cold-water tactics with regard to Captain Dalston, and that the two wore constantly together. The young lady's .moods at this time were de cidedly variable,and Ralph, . beinga '. mere, man,' groped vainly in the darkness for the word of the enigma. Sometimes she would let him talk to her for an entire' evening, listening like a second Desdemona, with tonder sympathy in her hazel eyes, to his accounts of the Egyptain war, and tiger hunts in India. At others, she would snub him mercilessly if he joined her in the garden or billiard-room and he could form no idea of what would be her phase one hour, from her behavior the hour before. . ■" . ' The fact was, that strongly as she fought against the feeling, Ralph Dalston's good looks, faciriating manner, and the brave manly character which she had discovered underneath his languid exterior, was beginn ing to influence the girl in a way she had never experiencecd before, and now and then she found herself wishing cordially that she had not so publiclyproclaimed her antagonism to him. - It was an amusingJittie comedy for the on lookers, and one thoroughly appreciated by Lady Lushington, whoso "principal' object in life just now was' to marry her'^favorite to Ralph Dalston, fof whom, in addition to his other good qualities, she had all a woman's admiration for a man who had distinguished himself in active service. Matters were in this transitory state when anew diversion was proposed one day by Mrs. Stapleton. ' Let us get up some tableaux,' she sug gested, one snowy afternoon, when all the women, and there or four of the men, were congregated in- the hall, anxiously awaiting the arrival of tea. 'The very thing,' exclaimed Rose de lightedly. ' You have no idea, Laura, how well I look in powder!' ' I can quite imagine it,' remarked Captain Dalston in a low voice. The ' girl colored as she met the ardent gaze of the grey eyes. , . ;. . ' How quietly you came in,' she said pettishly. ' I hate people who talk '.like ghosts.' ' Ah, by the way, Dalston,' -asked a fox hunting squire who had come over to dine and sleep, ' has the Watteau-la'd^apjj'eare&xo; Vou ' yet? You are some relation, are you riot, and so are entitled to see her *?' Captain Dalston laughed uneasily. * Oh, of course we are quite intimate by this time,' he said. 'When drd you see her last V, inquired 1 Mrs. Stapleton looking up at hitn frprii the ; depths of lier lounging chair. ' I have neter told you I have seen' her1 nit 1 all,' he answered lightly. .! , 'No; but I think you have,''she said : significently: 'Ah, here is tea at' lasb ! What a blessing ! Bring me a cup, Captain J Dalston ; I am pining for it.' . ! When he had obeyed her commands, and : further supplied lier with hot tea- cake; she ! still detained'him "beside herewith a few -re mards ort indifferent subjects'; and presently J he followed'her to a ' distant window seat, ' where they.'entered into a long, and appa rently interesting conversation. ... ! After one carcless glance in their direction, 1 Rose accepted tea and' attentions-from--a ' devoted a.dtriirefe. who was staying " in the house, and bestowed a charmingly indifferent, smile upon her recreant knight, when.he 1 returned to-his .allegiance'jusfc before the ' dressing-bell rang. - 7 " ' 'Como to,my room, Rose,'whisperied Mrs, ! Stapleton, as she pause'd beside ,the girl on her way upstairs. ' I have a jovely idea for ^ the tableaux.' So the two went off together, • Rose emerging from her friend's room ten minutes later with' » slightly heightened color, and a look" of pleasurable anticipation 1 in her eyes. ! • ... I All preliminaries and-costumes had been : arranged, and, the night of the tableaux had • arrived. Mra.'Stapleton's,idea had a^sutried ' vast proportions, and half' the country had been invited to see the. Lushingtons and 1 their friends in picturesque attire softened '1 by lime-light, and remain afterwards to : dance and:sUp: ' ■ • • ' Mueh conjecture was rife concerning pretty Miss Trevor's rqle in. the.performance ; that youngladjahaving electedtokeep her costume a profoaniifiecret^j and rehearse in private, with Laur&^fe'jjlfefcori " as her - sole audience.J Dinner was an jiqur earlier that night, and considerably hurried ' over, to admit of pro longed adornment'/oti the part of both men and women, many of the ■ former, though professing to ridiculerthe whole affair, being secretly elated at the idea of appearing in colored velvets and.silken hose. It was just nine, whea Captain. Dalston emerged from his room, looking an ideal cava lier of the time of Charles I., in his plumed hat and flowing curls. ' Ab he closed the door behind h-im.he heard the rustling of silken skirts'approaching from the other end of the corridor and thinking it was one of the actresses, waited until she should pass by. Was he dreaming ? There coming towards him, was the identical figure he had seen the night of his arrival: The pink and blue shimmering brocade, the tiny high heeled shoes, the powdered, curls, the deli cately pencilled 'eye-brows, and the "dreamy eyes. He held his breath and waited," his heart beating like a sledge-hammer, as it had never done-under the fire of the enemy. ' By Jove'; she shall not escape mfe this time,' he muttered. • . Quick as thought the moment she disap peared as before he darted off in pursuit, and caught her by one of the floating ribbons, of her dress, as she was in the'act of vanishing through a sliding panel, whose existence'he now perceived for the first tiine.' ' For Heaven's sake be careful,'...said the ghost, in very earthly accents; 'you will tear my frock.*'- _ •• • Miss Trevor ! You ?' lie ejcclaimfed ' as Rose's laughing eyes glanced, roguishly up at him. _ • < ,'-i ' Of course it is I.r- , How. stupid .you have been not to'guess'it sooner.'' ••• ' I must have been mad,''he "admitted' candidly. ' The likeness was what staggered me the first moment. I saw you, but even that night in the picture "gallery I did not take in that you were the Watteau lady. ■ 'Oh, it has been such fun!' Bhe said de lightedly, 'Laura found me out; she said she were sure you had seen something, and after she had got it all out of you, she suggested that I should personate the ghost of the west corridor in the tableaux, to^e'e what effect it would have on you.' ' Shall I tell you what effect it has had ?' he asked in a low-voice, gazing intently at the lovely vision of flesh and' blood before him. ' No, no!' slie'said hastily preparing, for flight, warned by the 'the look in his eyes. ' Walt till you see me in the limelight!' I will not wait,' ho replied with deter mination, putting his back against the door, ' and you shall hear mo now. Rose, my darling, I swear. to you that^until I saw. the Watteau ghost on Christmas Eve, I had. never given a thought or a sign to any woman, and my one regret was that she, as I imagined, was only a spirit. .Now .I have, found the original, and I mean her to be my wife. Rose, what do you say?' • ' What extraordinary times and places you do choose for your remarks,' she said, the color coming and going on her downcast face. ' I shall be awfully late, so Jet rue go.' ' Not till you answer me, if we wait here till midnight. Yes or no, Rose !' ' Well, Yes, I suppose, if you will have it so ; but I shall lead you a fearful life.1 And aa he moved from the door to clasp her in his arms she evaded him by a skilful move ment aniJ ran swiftly down the stairs. Perhaps thegreatest success of the tableaux that evening was Rose Trevor as the ' Ghost of Lushington Court,' with the light of anew happinessdhining in her expressiveoyes. The health of Ralph and hin fair'fiancee' was drunk in foaming champagne after the guests from a distance had departed ; and in his nowly-foand complacency Captain Dalston told the story of his vecent occult experiences to an amused and appreciative audience, Mrs. Stapleton onjoyed the satisfaction, so dear to the female heart, of seeing her prophecy of Christmas Eve fulfilled. * * * * Rose Dalston's sunny hair is beginning to i be thickly powdered with silver, but the laughing'eyes are as bright as ever, as she tells her children how she ' frightened father a long time ago !' And, across the ' walnuts and the wine,' the grey-haired ' Colonel still regales his special chums with ' the tale of how he won his 'Ghostly Wife.'" 