TIIR TtUtf OF SIXTV-SrcVEN.] It was in Colorado, one of tbe wildcat and roughest railro ids I know of. Tho road was stocked with engines, and to faciliate tho climbing of the heavy grades they had small driving wheels. I was.llretnan on 67, which was used iu the passenger service. She had the largest drivers on tho road, and thov onlv measured 4B inches iu diameter. Mutt Irwin was the engineer. Sixty-seven had just been housed after a run. I was filling the oils, aud Matt was hauling off his overalls, when Mr. Fox, tho superintendent, climbed into tho cab. After a few commonplace remarks he asked abruptly s 14 Matt, how soon can 67 go out ? ' 44 Just as soon I can pull on my overalls,' was the reply. 44 Her steam hasn't been out yet, and her fire hnsu't been drawn.' Lne superinteuuent looucn at uotn ot us very hard, as though he was seizing us up, and then he said, awful solemn : 44 Matt, you'vo been with us a long time. You'vo been tried and not found wanting. To night wo call upon you to perform'tho most dangerous piece of work yet. Will you do it ? ' 44 What is it ?' ho asked. 44 There's been a big mistako made in tho higher olllces— but that is not for lis to criti cise— aud there is but one way to rectify it.' Here tho superintendent's voice sunk almost to a whis]-er. 'Oue hundred and fifty thousand dol a rs in gold has got to bo in B ? before midnight, to connect with the Eastern express, and you'ro themau selected to take it through.' That was all. lie jumped off and disappeared. For some timo Matt and I sat staring at each other, then he-slid off his seat and said : 44 This won't do ! Suppur, Harry, supper I We haven't much time to lose. It only lacks a fow minutes of six. Bo back before the quarter.' I was back on time, but Matt was there be fore me. He hud lighted the shaded steam gauge lamp, aud stood scanning a small piece of pasteboard.' 44 What do you mako of this, Harry ?' he asked, as I climbed up beside him. 44 1 found it pinned to my cushion. On it was scrawled the words : Danger ! Don't pull tho wild freight to night if you value ydur lives. A True Friend. 44 It makes it that someone besides the super intendent and us knows of it,' I replied, tho cold shivers beginning lo chase cnch other up my spinal column. 44 There's danger ahead !' 44 Ay, there is danger ahead, ray boy,' and old Matt spoke softerthan I had ever heard him before. 41 If you want to ? ' 44 I'll go where you lead,' I replied quickly. »? Theu we'll go through if it takes the wheels out from under.' And without waiting lor tho hostler to run the engine out, old Matt backed h'er on to the turntable, where the wipers got her round, and then we backed down to the offices, where fot'r trusty meu soon had the square safe under tho COal. A few minutes later we were coupled on to a half dozen empty freight cars and a caboose. 44 There's your orders,' cried Jimmy Connor. Old Matt looked them over, and we began to move out of town. 6 44 We've got a clear track,' he said, looking at me, and then he drew up the corners of his mouth, und I looked for a quick run. Before we reached the outskirts of the town the rain began to come down in a perfect deluge. 44 Good night for wasbovers,' bo said, 44 and washovers are as bad as washouts.' It was all down grade* and all the st$&m; used was to run the air pump. I had only to keep the fire alive. Eight miles dowu we ran past a small station where a freight train was side tracked. It had perhaps a dozen cars. Just before wo reached it 1 saw a man dart in between two of the cars to escape the head light. We wero half way down the Haversack grade, with a straight stvetob of track and a long curve before us, wheu Matt looked across and said : 44 I'm afraid the little pasteboard was only a scare, IC ? ' Tliero was a fbtsli of light behind, the rattle of coal, and Boh Duncan, tbe forward brakes mau, stood in the cab. His face was as white as a ghost. 'Shut her down— shut hor down, for heaven's sake !' ho shouted. 44 A freight's broken loose, and is coming down the grade at two miles a minute !' Matt Irwin never lost his head, and with a coolness that comes to few men in time of danger, he jiskcd, 44 How do you know ?' 'Seen her by a flash of lightning. O'Connor and Billy havo jumped. And then he swung out on tho step and dis appeared. 44 Jump if you want to, Harry,' called old Matt. 44 I'm going to stick to her.' I gave one look out at the Egyptian darkness, and-concluded tbat I would stay with old Matt. 44 Keep your eyo peeled for her,' he cried, and commenced to let 67 out. 44 There she is 1' I shouted. And there it was, sure enough. It had just come out of a cut. One of the boxes was on fir.e, the flame streaming back hali* a car length, and cutting through tbo air like a meteor. 44 She's four miles behind,' said old' Matt, 44 aud coming four feot to our ono. If we can get round tho curve tb'ere is a show of her jumping. ? And then began the terrible ride. He hooked a link to the first notch and then opened tho throttle. With seven cars behind us we shot down the grudo of 175 feet to the mile. Sixty-seven set low in her frame, but every low joint rung her bell for an eighth of a mile. She jumped and swayed and threatened to leave tho rails.* Tho wind shrieked around us like a thousand demons, aud tho rain poured against the windows in a perfect stream. 44 There's danger ahead aud death behind,' shouted the old engineer. 44 If the rain loosens a boulder aud drops it on the track ? ' I shuddered. Thore was the blasted pine that marked the curve. Tho uext second we reached it. For a momcut I thought it was all over. Then 67 righted. There was a sharp jerk. We forced ahead faster,' and our seven cars cleared the road bed and we'ut down tho b- iff with a crush that was heard above the storm, leaving a clear track for tho ruuawuy' behind that was coming as swift aiid suiroas death. : \ ? ? .- . If the runaway got around the curve, the probabilities were that .wo should be knocked froni 'tbe .track into tho river. ? We wero very near to tho bottom now, where the roadbed followed the. river, ond the engineers were cautioned jiot to run over fifteen miles per hour. ?' '-r :?- -? .-?'^ ^ .- But orders wero not respected , that night. We were making thirty miles per hour, when a flash.of lightning showed ine that dark string of cars coming round tho curve. The blaziug box was on the opposite side and invisible. Old Matt gave 67 tho steam so suddenly she seemed lo jump fi'om under us, but the runaway was not more than half a mile bobind aud com ing with the speed of a tornado, j There was no getting out- of the way. . In a I moment it would he on us. I imagined I could, see the black mass coming down upon us in the darkness, when a heavy rumble wus. heard, fol lowed by a tremendous crash, .v . . - : Tho rain had loosened tho rock and dirt overhanging the track, -and it only needed the jar of 67 lo sot it in motion. Soincthiug like 1,000 tons of debris rolled on to the track directly behind us,, and into this those runaway cars plunged. . ?-? ? ?.'- But wo did not llnd this out until afterward. Matt kept 67 up to what was a tremendous speed on that track.She plunged and rollod and rang her bell-'continually. ' ? A dozen times I ; thought we were goiug into the river. , We pulled through all right, but this was my I Inst trip. When I got off the engine my hair I was streaked with groy, aud now it is white as j snow. : . ? For some lime it was thought that the run I away cars hod broke loose, ..but the company i- became suspicious /aud bad the case looked into, with tho result of running down sumo tough churnctersj who fln- dly confessed to eut 1 ting them loose with the inteutioinot ditching us between Havcmck g^ade .aud the bottom, and, securing the treasure, , Old Matt bos retired froni the road, but I do not think tlint either ho. or I shall ever .forget the run of 67. / 'What do you call this?' asked Officer McGobb, as he pulled a dangerous-looking bludgeon out of the, pocket of his, prisoner, ia^.'cklled. ;a^*'life -^.'-p^rea^egver»^**^ 