A I;I;.\T! BUSHRANGING IN V I-;. TIMES VAN DIEM AN'S LAND. ? 1T.RIOI), BD , b, • , THE MACQUARIE-: GANG. —<\- E I /A' i i h r r . r . x r . i x rs.) I'ART /»)' R, / / ' / ; / / . V /..irn-:. I 're. '.! in the tir.nl n : (lothcs, ami as like him ,i - p..., .ibi o . 1.1 V hail little lb Ulbt III.l| he v,' I'll red thaw imii h suspn i.)>». i |, ,iu. • •! that it he su< <ccth (1 lie u..111 (i ! v.. ml bring it linn.,. It. I'b. • u. i<• i,. at the house as hm,; a - tin \ .unbl ; ].-al if anything o( < uitial t.. <b u,. ip, m away he appoint; i! a. , a ivn,], certain glen in tin' tir uin! un . -.me three miles distant. Hr had si an • Iy disappeared in the f'ua rounded the house whei whit h ii null I : from behind a log close to uhi- h lepassed and stared at him. Tin y w-ae in convict dies-, ami a giant r was sot ficient to show that thev did m-t l>gl.>ng to the ftee seetnan of the r <-pie. d'hur stealthy and covett .u tn >11, ami the evident pains they took to eonr-eal them selves, showed that the\ ! d <ic!.a tion. The two '.diungr h"il,n-.g men stared as thou ;h it iv.i . .> -hog and not a being of flediaini ••! that h id gone by and di-appeai'. d m the thii kit to the left of them. " It carn't be he, Hill -" "go ,.t the men spoke, in a awe dii' k,-n vice. The man addre.s-.ed on'\ g i tl a fit. r Brady intently, and u tin m duo auswt. r. At last he said 1 ;;ol a i"gul.ir staring, Alf ; but, now I think ol il, Roddy wasn't near as tall as that fellow. It's some bolter has got into the hou.e and taken the clothes oft." The two men who tunno others than the a-.-u I -eivant, P 'T<E WTDC who had so treat heion Iiuii del ed Reddish and his wife a < • >O- ol days previously. They bid I- : t ih ' n e house g with the intention of g. Heads and trying to ;et off the. land in one of the Mini'r.:lt lit is' that plied in the Strait.-, milng the convict garb was a.;an •I the they had formed they tl-a n that plan •d to 11. turn to the homestead, whete ti y knew to Low mam boats there was a suit or two of T lotlus which would disguise them sulli> S• • Ii1.1Y for their purpose. They armed back at the moment that I'.rady WA - leaving for (reorge Town, and, haunted with the vision of the foully NNII • ICI ETL man, THEV at FIRST thought the 1 outlaw < luef was Reddish himself. 1 hcs. ed in the garments of the dead man he bore a striking resemblance to the old settler, and had the convicts been less callous and matter-of-fact thev would not have noticed the dissimilarity in height be tween the two men. The opinion expressed by the convict, who had been adressed as Hill, seemed to be shared by his companion, for the latter re marked — "That's wot it is, Alf. One of them chaps has been around ami taken the clothes we want. Hadn't we better foller and ' pot ' him ?'' The suggestion to " pot" the outlawwas apparently not favorably viewed by the person addressed, for he shook his head, in a decided fashion, as he replied— " No. Let's go to the HU': and see if anything is left. W e might pick tip something that would help us. Anyway,"we'll have to get some meat, for I'm nearly starving." They were both in the latter condition, if one could judge by the wolfish look in their eyes, and, without further words, they both turned towards the clearing. They had just made half-adozen steps when they stopped simultaneously as though a second ghost had risen in their way—and indeed they had reason to do so. Just emerging from the house were three men carrying an object which the watchers knew but too well. It was the outlaws taking the body of Reddish to the shallowgrave which they had d u g some twenty yards from the house. At first the convicts took the party, who thus performed the last office for the dead, to be neighboring settlers, or men sent from the station to do the work. By some means it had been discovered that a murder was committed, and already the authorities would be in search of the criminals, who were now so close to the scene of their crime. A few moment's reflection caused a different theory to form in their minds. There were none of the visible manifestations of constituted authority, and if it were only settlers who were thus acting they would be doing an unlawful act. Besides, neither of them could recognise any of those they saw as neighbors, and they knew the surrounding settlers well. The old man had been carried out by two of the outlaws, and when the third man made his appearance he did much to solve the doubts and surmises in the minds of the crouching convicts, l i e still wore convict-dress, and the sight of the de- tested garb suggested the solution. A party of bushrangers had come to the house, and, finding what had occurred, determined to turn it to some account. It could easily be seen that the old couple had been murdered by the con vict servants, hence w h y should the latter run away ? One of them for a reason which the men could not fathom had put Reddish's clothes on, and was making in the direction of (leorge Town. What the motive was con cerned them but little, as the house was the object which their minds were fixed on. They were forestalled in its occupancy, and they mentally blamed their stupidity in not taking what they wanted in the first instanc e. Lor a few minutes they silently regarded the burying operations and saw the body ol Mrs. Reddish carried nut and thrown into the hole. It was bill who Inst spoke, and a smile of devilish < tinning lighted up his evil face as he said to HI < companion : " I don't see as how we can't turn this to account, Alf. Let us to the station and tell the commandant a- how the house was attacked by bnlteis and we got clear away but the old 'IMwere collared. That might get u; out of the mess. : ' The convict's eompanion at on< e saw the wisdom of the scheme. LOTH of them were in a tight fix, and it would be playing a trump card if they could shift the blame OF the hideous murders on to oinns' 1 C M] TH d IH.e 1 >ae I'll'- mote tlmy .tin H SEEMED, AND AS N W .UHL BO M I es.,ai Y to take immediate action they lesohed to at oiue .T.ut foi L.niueeston and make a SI t t o m nt to the authoi ities. Without fuither HE.,:, of tune they tui ned M the diiection of the settlement and reached the out-kuts ot the town shortly after noon, I I i.Ye ''C they th W11E STOPPED by a c o n stable, and they A,lo d to be bloUgllt to the t iv11 t i uunaud iut as they had most imp. a lani !-VE. HR^U^HT bcfoie that o' '!' I ll I hi N in MI d IN gi aphie fashion hoy the h. U o of Kedtli H had IN. en at- I a - - d the C\ ening p;e\ IOUS by : • \ O. a'. ai II •d men. I lie)- had bet. N taken by sill 11 and 1 CI MILD offer no T ffe, TUAL l e- si .lam e, am nd L-dihh and hi, wife v, tie both n in the LU;d up.tan., at the tini". What ' of them they did NET know, but it was MOIE than pro bible they laud ill at the hands of the a s IIL,MIS. Tuey had I on. e,ii- d (hem there the Home dining I he night the b I 11 angers leaVT I 1 1 'Mil ihv:.. d M the old and v. it'll TIE V left th: I hei E WI I e still T hi ee in: UAT it. loin. 1 HALL, IUI wa., at once I tun - • ated wi(h, and when he had heaid • >! Y lit: I e m 11 VI. d to ST ml a party of rs to the place. ]; VS a , likely ;H the assailants would not In ; but win ihei or not it would be .'!)' to S. nd a. FORCE to the faim. •V, " liabie men, he set out (•"I! O'I lot k in the- alter no, >U and I.'TED on re,M TUNS the pkn e befoit L.DK 1 B: km. w the LOT ality well. and even, at NU IU he would have had little diihculty in reat In it. One OT I lie ( on VH Is lie called him I omp.im- ii 111: expedition, am i ul.-.Ud, th-. v < ame m ar th uieb h' < 11 ,e >bi ait -IIII -t t. A., il was no,, abh be in the v ieinit y e outlaws might tioii was M. I - ETI Y, and, dividing his parly into three, the men AI'PRO.K hed the house fioin dill -i' nl sin ike 11 • HIT' 'inn-.. L O A N the Thev tin I could built chim- see ney, a n d that SHEWED th IT either F'e. d ihsli and his wit-- weie in the LIMIVG O> the attai kei ^ hid not VCT. GONE aw.T\ The HUB R seemed an ely probable a the N, whoever they might be, mu.-T 'I THE convicts' T ,C.ipe and TIN. fa 1 .' 1 THEY would GIVE an ahum. Alt- I WAITING (or a few minutes on tin. !''INGE oi the bu ,h, it was seen that the oin law., had not gone away, and llaltoiu DEI idi d to wait until diisk and then I it H the hut. I torn th-- manner tho.;e in the hut acted they did not appear to expect at tai and this somewhat pu S led tlu el. A, soon as the. gathering tbtl.II:,, made objects indistinct the woid was given to the soldiers to creep up to the house and at the signal rush in. balfour himself, who never shirked danger, led the way to the back without the slightest si gn that those inside wete awaie of the near approach of enemies When the whole of the naity had got that far 15a I lour moved round to the door and simultaneously the men burst in at the door and at the aperture that had Ik 'en made by llrady to effect an entrance. There were three men inside, who were taken completely off their guard, and in an instant they were overpowered and secured. Indeed, they were too sutpiised to make even an attempt at resistant e. They had been so unsu.peetmg ,,f danger that they neglected the ordinary precaution of having a watch kept, and they, consequently, suffered for the omission. Lalfour at once recognised one of the captured men as identical with an as sailant at Lartlett's, and he was extiemely pleased to find that they had thus luckily captured three more of the notorious llrady gang. The chief of them was still at large, and he seemed to have extraordinary hick in thus escaping the authoi hies. 'I'he captured men maintained a sullen demeanour and would give the colonel no information as to the whereabouts of Brady. There was no doubt it was the leader wht) had been seen by the two convicts leaving the place that morning, but whither he had gone was a terrible mystery. balfour, who was now getting an expert in the BUSINESS of hunting down bushrangers, dec ided that he would remain M the house for three OR four days in the hope that Brady might return. It was an off chance, but it was necessary that he should take the precaution in case of the man's return. H e would send the captured bushrangers back to Launceston in the morning and remain behind with two men. Lour would be sufficient escort for the prisoners, and a couple of soldiers could be sent back to the house with food for the colonel. This pro gramme was faithfully carried out with what result the reader will shortly see. We must now return to I'.rady. He found little difficulty in making George Town, for the day was a fine one and the country favorable for travelling. The settlement was a small one, and at the time, as now, of little importance. It had been a military station of con siderable strength in the first instance, but Launceston had taken the lead as the principal settlement in the north some years previously. The rather awkward navigation of theTamai River caused many vessels to still go no further than George Town, and for that reason it had been selected by the leader of the bushrangers. At Low Heads, where the Tamar entered the ocean, there was a signalstation which sent intelligence to George down, and it was transmitted by similar means to Launceston. There were several low public-houses at the settlement, small as it was, and to one of these Krady went. His appearance created no surprise, and he entered the place as though lie were an ordinary T u tomer. There were several men about the place, and the experienced eves of the outlaw at once formed an opinion as to who and what they were. At that time there were a peculiar class in Van Dieman's Land who were half pitate and half- bushranger. They weie tolerated by the government, for at times they were very useful to the authorities ; but it was simply winking at crime to act as the authorities did. These individual, weir- called straits men, and, A; a rule, each half do.xn — or SOMETIMES less POS-CV-CD a boat. When a wieck occur led they went out and seized all the booty they could lay their hand ; on, and if that sort of busine,s was dull tiny not unfie'|uently levied a smt of b!a< kniail on the coasting craft ol the math. TLI- re wete a couple of these fellows in the taproom which Brady entered, and he soon made their acquaintance, lie had money enough to make him self agreeable, and he spent it in good effect. Gradually he wormed out of them, without exciting undue suspicion, a considerable amount of infoi luation. It was seldom known that a '•straitsman '' betrayed the EST aped convicts. They invariably sided with them when they had to take sides, and on this occasion Brady made such progress into the good graces of his new-found fiiends that he deteimined on the bold and lisky step of confiding in them, lie was an extraordinary keen reader of character, and he was not mistaken in his judgment of the two men whom he had thus fallen in with. He was not aware at the time that the reward for his capture, dead or alive, had been increased to I'JCO or lie might not have had the courage to tell the m e n who he was. I t was a lisky thing, indeed, to do ; but he resolved to stake his all on it, and, taking his companions into another room, he soon revealed his identity. He had judged his men rightly, for the fellows so far from evincing a desire to betray him at once entered mlo his scheme. They were quite ready to join in the proposal that Brady made and could get three Others of their sort to assist. The whole of them were good seamen, and with the help of Btady and his three companions they would be able to take a ship round the world if necessary. They were sick of the life they were leading, for Governor Arthur was beginning to put the screw on them .md the good old times were passing tway. Brady was of opinion that a do/en men would be required to navi gate a vessel such as they would Ik 'bic to sene successfully ; but his com I'-inions TOLD him that some ot the « lew OF the VESSEL would be sure to throw in THEIR V t with them, and the chief trouble they would experience would be M the din etion of keeping down the "tnnber that would wish to go with ; hetn. BTADY felt that in taking the men I• I. SCI ICT he had been wise, fo, DU y soon revealed information to him which was of the greatest impoitance. 1 here was a whaiing vessel of about 300 'ON , burthen then lying at Launceston, NUL she WA • expc< ted down the river at my moiiRiit. She would remain a da\ •R two at George Town, and the straits- NN 11 weie ai quainted with the crew. 1 lie latter were a queer lot and ripe for NI)- mist LIEF, so that they would fall in with the piratical proposal which would be made to them. The only difficulty M the- way WAS that of Ihady's companions who had been left at Reddish's t urn. As it would be necessary to set -ail as soon as the ship was seized, tlicy must be left behind, unless something was done to obviate such a neces.-ily. Btady was faithful to his followers, and, as he would not desert them, the sti aits nun agreed to lind a secure h.id ing place if Bradv would bring them lose to the station. They would meet him at a place less than a mile from the barracks and during the night would smuggle the outlaws on to tinsmall boat they kept on the river. It would be necessary to exe< ute the plan at once. Brady was of the same mmd as the two smugglers, and he decided to go back to his comrades at daylight the following morning. He < ould then get back about dark. He did not doubt the faith of the straitsmen in the least, nor were they likely to prove treacherous. In the morning he left George Town as quietly as lie had entered it. With characteristic caution he was care- settler's ful in approaching the dead house to guard against surprise. He fanc ied that he saw a thin wreath of smoke rising from the chimney as he neared the place, and that would indicate the presence of his companions. He hesitated for a time before going to the hut. and then he approached it stealthily from the back. When he had gone a few yards on the clearing he turned back again for an omen seemed to tell him of coming disaster. H e had arranged a signal with his late c om- rades to discharge a musket and this he decided to do. Lor a few minutes nothing in the way of an answer was given until another shot was fired from the hut. This was the signal agreed on, and yet something misgave him that everything was not right. To make sure he decided to make a trial that would be very li-ky in itself, yet not so liable to end in < aptme AS if he walked to the house. Strolling out into the clearing, he sat down on a log about SO yards from the house and kept a close watch on the plate. Lor nearly ha'TFan- hour he thus sat, and he was now con;IN< ed that something was wrong in the hut. He would still further test the point by another ruse, and he then made a show as if to retreat. H e had not gone many yards back towards the bush when three shots were fired from the hut at him and several met-, ran out ot it after him. He had unmasked the enemy in a very unpleasant way, but he trusted to his lleetncss of foot and endurance to GET away. He had just readied the edge of the cover when a fourth SHOT was fired, and the ball passed through his right thigh. It did not touch the bone, but inflicted a very painful wound and affected one of the sinews, as he soon found. He could not run nearly so fast as previously, and he saw at once that he would have to make a fight OF it. HJ 3 pursuers were gaining ground, and, turning lound, he fired at the foremost soldier. The shot was rcsultles?, and, throwing away the musket, Brady C ontmucd HIS ilight. His WOUND was now beginning to tell on him. H e was fast losing his natural courage, which seemed to leave him with the OO/ing blood. H e still had two PISTOLS, and, turning for the second time, he fired at the approaching foes, and then as if a nervous fear had seized him he stood stoc k still and waited for his pursuers to come up. As they surrounded him he threw down his pistols and was quickly secured. The famous leader of the Brady gang was thus captured almost without a struggle. In due time the trial of the outlaws came off, and, of course they were all sentenced to death. The part which the two convicts took in the murder of the Reddishs' was also c leared up ; but the authorities, in view of the way they had been instrumental in effecting the capture of the gang, did not execute but sent them to Norfolk Island. I) 40 (NIL-, I-.NI>.) Tin. Kimli.DI ;M-L Arm-ric.-IN NHT M <,F !NN<l- -htkin-- TII- st I;I!II.. INT.) F :T DI i< >II, it i- >:T'NL, in 'IN-''IN - "F III-III V 11. PRSVI 1111 S (., T',,.•.( (I,,, eniliio 1- sml HIE KBS \V 1 • [* in VC_'!!••, ,1 R..)I'. "F .NI ;NN BUT ( H II-TIT it M"T!I(..L OF EV.-TIN-_r. 'I'll" peep].. I''; I > t W.-l-tefll! ,,f , 1 ,, t ,, f|, „, INII'.IIL' 11]I. leiT iinis I'F loiP'PE are t!|.. LOI"-- li-LE Till--. Ms- k ki::u-s of the A t'i i- -111 .-.rest pr — v-'ir liii.l.i!.. tine,.r t!ir. e limes ;i >!_;•,, (lf -slllt. tt'on, th.- I:: 1>1 111 -s. • !:tki o|| lib si 1 p j - while ,}.,. blips.TI !- r I-M-ho- hi- no-,. ^ JU-;I,._ eii-k ;po e.n-t \ ON . 1 lit^.l—*;tj» tb-V :i 1:1.ni by t.ikine- iiiii; t! ]:. b ,,)•,!. while the people of the L'H:i:ppi:;e L-BML- LAKE y,,UR huml ami rub their T'AE. S with it. '1 HE Kiu , _R of Term-tie L-i.-os (0 reeeive )IIS MIL-J-vts a m i tlu.-Y sit tlewn to .-abite lain. 