B8IGHT THOUGHTS FOR DARK TIMES. (Br Sb. I2ciia(ias &oaKms.i; - Waftcm th»Lord: beef good eosrftge. ajid Ht ■bill Mnwan thine hsart: wait, I say.oath* iord.-i*3o>xiTH.l&. : The experiences of life are manitoldand1 VMied.'Thelhw of-life is ouild aaohengmg, 1 There are time* of monotonous Soil, and other ] times of attrring inoident and hosJihfhlexpite-j ment; times of progress and' sneBsss, andj times of adversity and trial;'times when ah a j tun self-confidence the optimist madfeB in the j thbngfat that he shall'heter. bemoved, and j others when the pessimist fills the air with his ] lamentation over present and hie doleful pro-1 pbeeies of oontinnons evil. These alterations, < sometimes auffieiently sodden and trying, \ would be: almost nnendnrable were there noj sovereign prinoiple whioh governs the hssH j in all otTonmstanoas and under all variety ol j conditions, "iff thou faint in the day of ad- j varsity, thy strength is smalL" Bnt this u j whatis snre to oooor where there is no inward sonroe of support. A worshipper of suooess \ who lives to get on, and is not very careful as j to-the means by whioh his end is attained, ' finds himself euddenly plunged in difficulties 1 and disasters, and he loses heart. The 1 experience is novel, and he has no prepare- \ tion for it. He has not reckoned even on the ' possibility of failure, and, now that it has j actually nomef he is reduced by it to a state of ] impotence and despair. i A TEDE taw OF MM. j A theory of life whioh proceeds on.the j assumption . that it will be one continuous j summer witholondlessannshine is constructed ( in wilful defianoe of the facta of the case. ■ Bays of darkness there oertainly will be, and the heart which has made no provision for I them has surely a bitter and painfnl expe-' rienoe before it. The trouble is notoseaped j betmuse it is deliberately left out of the oalos- < Iation. It comes in a diversity of forms; it? may come, in the moat sudden sud unexpected i manner; bnt exemption from it cannot be - anticipated, and the man who is not prepared = to meet and conquer it is not equipped for \ the conflict with the world. It would be tin- ; true to say that the conduct of life wonld be 1 easy were there an experience of unbroken i prosperity. On the ocratrary, nothing would ] be Ibbs likely to train a robust, vigorous, and i noble character. The viotim of self- indul- j gence, pampered in oase and luxury, without anything to remind him of the neoessary iimi- { tationsof hisown power, isoertainlyonoof the : leastnobleand admirable of men. Thegronndis I simply cambered by these idlers, who oontri- j bute nothing to the strength of society, bnt are an incessant drain on its resouroes.. The men, j on the contrary, who are the makers of the ' age and of the country, are the thinkers and j the workers who havo gained strength by a J resolute battle against difficulties. " You j cannot,"says Fronde, "dream yourself into ! aoharaoter—you muBt hammer and forge out one." ThB process may not, oanuot, be plea sant, but the result is satisfactory, and trouble, trial, resistance, even defeat, are the instruments by which its work isoarriedon and its ends aobieved. Out, in order to the end. there must be the dominion of a true law j in the life. It is given here. These are words ! for all tunes and all varieties of exparienoe. \ To be ready for any fate, to be prepared for the dark shadows which will sometimes, pro ba'bly often, oross our paths, to have the strength whioh will endure to the end, and prove itself equal to any emergency, we must ilearn this true secret ofa wise and blessed life ! —'"Wait on theliard." TRCE CHRISTIAN PATIENCE. 1\. Here, then, we have iirBt a statement of the true law of life. If you would live rightly, nobly, happily, "wait on the Lord.'" The £hrase covers a great deal. To "wait on the ord" may be narrowed in its meaning, and restricted to the exeroiss simply ofdepend ence. It is read as though the Psalmist had said i—*' Pray to God for guidance and help atiall times, and though it may sometimes 'look as though He had forgotten to be gfs oious, oeaee nob to pray and to expeat the blessing." All that is included here, bub it j oertainly does not exhaust the meaning of the exhortations. The idea that " waiting on the Lord" refers solely to supplications addressed to Him for blessings whioh we regard as necessary, is one that may easily degenerate | into fanntioiem. Our prayerB to Gud were never intended to dispense with the exercise of the powers He has entrusted to us for His | service. We plant and we water, and s hen we can look to Him for the increase j^iiut in the absenoo of the service which is within our power the pBtition for God's blessing savours strongly of presumption, aud, in truth, involves a flagrant neglect of positive duty. We are stewards; our talents may be those of brain, oriaubstanoe, or musole; we may havsoapaoity to administer, leisure to labour, genius to think and guide, or money to give. When we j have laid out our talents we may consistently j ask God to bless the investment, but, apart ! from the diligent cultivation of the gift that isin us, our prayer trenches dangerously near on moekery. .There is an interpretation of the waiting whioh is not only incomplete but ; fatally misleading. " Patience whioh is in spired by faith, and which represses all die-, content and murmuring in the presence of delays whioh are trying and disappointing, whioh hopes on bBoauBe it has absolute trust in God, is a Christian grace of a high order. But suoh patience toils on, struggles on, hopes on, and in the darkest hour is cheered by the bright shining which gilds the edge of the olottd. The patience whioh is idling, dream ing of a deliverance which is sure to oome, indulging aspiritof fatalism rather than one of intelligent trust, substituting an unintelli gent faith for a quiet energy,- is wide as the poles asunder from the spirit which the Psalmist inouloates here. BE OF GOOD CODRAGS. 2\. This leads us to the high quality of charac ter whioh is the result of this trust in God "iBeof good courage." It is opposed to the trembling anxiety with whioh many are so apt to regard the future, and. so to rob them selves of the strength necessary for doing the work or bearing the trials of the. present. "We have not," says Paul, "received the spirit of fearfulness." Alas ! it is the spirit which works in many. They are afraid, they hardly know of what; but it is not too muoh.toeay that they allow their minds and hearts to be so haunted by the ghosts of pos sible or impossible evils that their energies are paralysed and their faith enfeebled, their - hope robbed of all its brightness^ and joy. Their experience is strangely inconsistent with tbe creed they profesB, and the inheritance of promise and hope to whioh, by tbe graoe of God, they have been introdnoed. Its true character is ponoealed from them, so that it is regarded as an evidenoe of personal humility, whereas it is rather a want of strong -faith in God. Christian assurance means trust—a fixed belief that God will be true to His pro mise. Where that is, how oan there be tear fulness? [f a heart is really waiting upon God, if it has subordinated its own desires and hopes to His glory, if its one longing is that Hut^wbould be dona, ttmsttba ofrgoofl oourago.--. ... .... .... Co'oragsis the virtue to tAiAmeo too always ready to Soiunw': A Mm imaginstrou, it appeals to tin bset *sotiiae»»s of the heortj it is .dMitsg' imports ttwuilji -of mireogth to the wfcblei toaraotor, rtgires aprotniire of help to others i> their times of weakness." A" xnansrho - dares perils from whiah the majority nooQ, •ad don it.-ootfrom the ti ope of any personal gain, but simply in obedience toaome noble instinct or overpowering aanse of dnty, whioh a wraps away at!' leseer oonaidemtrons, i« » hero, and the world iaoot so rick in haroet thatitcan afford to treat lightly one whohas won this honoured name. The influence «t' •uch m jnan infimei of tronble when many are' panio-struok is ■ A MtCiSWB BLESBIHa. \ . .}_ He maintains a quiet confidence which iiwlf has si filming influence upon tbe «xoited ' spirits of woaksr mad. .But. there it bathing no (fitted to inspire this courage «i truM in, God—nay, it is impossible to •eeixur.npart from kbit, it isto be generated and sustained.' . The philosophy whioh oan discourse -with nncjh learning and eloquence on the grand problams of life.so long *m tbey are jpcobleme: tar the intelleotuia strangely ailent ae soon «i tkery become realities whioh wuat bp dealt < with. To the inteUaot -engaged is profitless spaoalatioua about the mystery of nin and pats, it nan thro w out bint* ana suggestions,' full of inKenaity, hut utterly without help; bat to the heart ranked with doubt and anguish and crying out for some guide that j may.ooaduotit through the darkneie, it hai not a word of ociuietl or good cheer. In -the presenoe of eerioua trouble it it utterly help' Jest. To the tempted aoul crying out lor hem -it hue no succour to extend. To the appeals of the heart torn with an agony pf doubt it has no reepooae to wire. 3ta>m it the .dying reoeives no bleated aeaoranoe, and in vein .the mourner look* to it tax oonnolatioa. It is simply unprepared to grapple with any of the. griefs or oaroi which afflict pur Buffering, «&d; ; humanity, IneU the great orieee of our history 1 ite attitude oan only be that of item, stony i ailonoe. If we mere living in a (world of apeoulative thinkers it might do aomethinghy ite brilliant suggestions; but oure is a world of workers and of euSersre. a world of blighted' ambitions and disappointed hopes, of bitter sorrows, watting fiiokueeees, and painful deaths. It name courage, and, courage of a very high order, to meet its trials, and that courage oan be the fruit only of trust in toe living God. I believe .in God "that it, in a gracious and loving Father, Omnipotent and. wise—who it never farfrom any of His children, and whose thoughts to them are all thoughts of tender ness and compassion. Then what oan there .be to fear! True, many thiuge that happen may be oontrary to my anticipations and desires. Tbe promise is not that my will' shall be done, hut I have faith that Hie will1 is perfeot righteousness, wisdom, lore—and that Will must be done. _ Tor the time X may not be able to see all this, and, in truth, may often be in strange and sad perplexity, be cause of the defeat of some cherished projeots ' whioh I bad supposed to be of Uivme im pulse. But so long as this trust in God remains, I work on, trust ou, wait on. TILT. SECBET 01' STRENGTH IK TKIDl'LATCON. Ill a world like ours there must be abun dant oooaeions for the exorcise of this grace. - Tbe raee is not always to tbe swift, nor the battle to the strong. Sucoera does irnt always wait even upon plans conceived in a spirit of unselfish devotion tothe serves of God in the work of the world. We labour with diligence "and zeal, but are baffled by the play of hostile -forces in combinations on which we oould not -have calculated, and nutferreverae at the very time when we were most hopeful, and even assured -of victory; or the dark olouds of Borrow gather over us, and a time of oaltn is broken by a pitiless storm of trouble. All Thy waves -and Thy billows (we are ready to ory) are gone over mo. Not only are there dark days, but the darkness is dense. Of course unbelief and panio exaggerate the evil, and to the troubled and anxious heart it ee6tns as though it bad oome to a laud from whioh there could-be no osoapo—"a land of darkness as darkness itself—a land of the shadow of death, without any order, and where thelightis as darkness." This is tbe language of poetry, but it only represents in vivid and pictorial stylo the ex - psrienoeof the soul in those times of trouble whioh are euro to oome. Trials oome in thiok battalions. We have hardly begun to deal with one when another is upon us, and the endurance of the heart is tested to the utter most. Where, then, oould we restore our oourage but in God ? Try to solve tbe mystery of the universe without him, try.to endure the. eerious ills of ljfe without seeking help or de liverance from Him, and what oan the result be : but to plunge into a still lower depth' of misery ending in despair 1 There ie one and but one secret of strength and calm in tbe houre of tribulation which come to us as they oome to&ll.; Tbey who wait upon the Lord, and they only, shall renew their strength. CU1SEB THAT TEST CHABACTEB. With the majorityof men Christian heroism ' must be shown chiefiy. in the little things of life. The grand ventures of faith—those nbioh attraot the observation of men and possibly exoroiBe a wide influence upon the progress of God's truth in the world—are necessarily restricted to the few ; but the heroism may not really be. less, nor the de mands on faith and courage less urgent and imperative, beoause the theatre of e roan's action is narrower and more obscure, or bis powers «hnd opportunities more limited in their range. There are heroes who do battle for God in the humble places of tbe field of whom neither Church nor world ever bears, but whose record is on high. It may be, too, tbat in the lives of moat of us there are crises by which our trust in God ie sorelv tried, and in whioh our true character is made manifest. Some tempting bait is presented before us, seeking to seduoe us into some neglect of duty. Its oharaoter is so oarefully veiled chat it might deceive even the very elect, and yet to yield to it would bo to make shipwreck of faith and a good cousoieuoe; or there' is some oali to difficult duty, obe dinnoe to which would bring it into conflict with the prejudices of some whose good-, opinion we value. Flesh and blood would give sage counsels of expediency and com promise, bat the courage of the true heart is, shown in a noble contempt for them all. (THE TRUE HEROISM OP 1'AITH AND HOI>E. Bat these are the occasional experiences of life. We are not always under this strain and stress. It is with tbe battle-of life as with a oampaign in war. In history is preserved the memory of the deoiding points—the grand features of thestrstegy.tho etory of the sieges where men climbed the imminent deadly breach, or were aontent to -perish in forlorn hopes, tbe pioturoB of tbe battles where vast hosts met eaoh other -in deadly struggle. But in the mind of tbe rank and file there is a re membrance rather of the days of march snd ooanter-nrarab, the weeks of wsary waitinp in ,whioii snch heavy drafts were made , on the patience and endurance of brave moD. The fearful dayi, for example, in the trenches " r. -jtofr,#.;jjfa i Afa^Bo iti« wife ~ - v% «»toeli the no*io»af m«n»i>er«ie; Jto_;£uiii; -V 'i; {or tke axecpiae of f*i tk «b3 hope Mdiii$baeetraeheroi«^U?n»rf<>it..lje|£it: ,.• >' thciL jieelc lo laara and pr»cties the M&at-oJ; ■;" threfczanx isd tbe MewsA. ; Wrt anthe . -, Sjoard; boor s°ed oottiMe.end He jtad* .v:.v:7:'; atnongthnn thin* heart; areit, 1 any, herd. 