OUR TELEPHONE, Hello, thore, Sunday Times 1 How goes it, eh ? Who calls ? The Man in the Lobby, to be sure. Who else would be so familiar? I thought I'd like a chat about the political situation. By gum, what Drice M'Millan. eht Well, what price P Ain't he returned from England a fine old crusted Tory ?— my word ! How do you make that out ? Make it 'out? Don't have to make it out. It sticks out all over him. Always was a bit Conservative, Mac was, but the long trip to England and back with Eddy, who is real Tory, has had its effect. You think the Chief Commissioner exerted a Conservative influeuce? Of course! Then all M'Millan's associations in England were of the Conservative school. And no doubt a day did not pass but someone said, ' Look here, Mae, old man, if you don't check'the sooalistic element out there they'll ruin the country.' That may be so, but is thero any evidence that the associations bad the effect you think ? I should smile ! Why read his speech at Burwood. From first to last it was a defence of the Council. Not one word against that hotly, but as much as he could sav iu its favor. Now you and I know that although Roid acted uiostreprebensibly in sooling the Council until they got jumping mad, the old ooves were certaiuly not outirely blameless. That's truo. Well, M'Millan would certainly bave shown himself more Liberal had he rapped tho Council ovor the knuckles as well as chided Georgie. D'ye twig? Certainly. But instead of doing that he slangwhanged the Lower House aud lauded the Council. That was the weakest feature of his Burwood speech, and I'll bet he realises it now. Wero there other weak features ? Well, I think so. Friustans, he nover said a word in regard to tho unemployed, or the expenditure at the rate of about £200,000 a year that is now going on in connection with them. Oh, well, a man ' can't think of every little thing,' you know. No, perhaps not. But there are some things prominent politicians ought to make a poiut of thinking of in delivering speeches of a general character. However, my troubles ! What of the political position generally ? Well, there's fun ahead. Tha Ministry may get in a tight place over that Windeyer motion yet. Notice how they aro trying to closo up tho session, whilo at the same time they aro not hurrying up over the decision in tho John son case, or the debating of the motion re ferred to? Yes, wo have observed it. Also did you notice the little effort made to raise a doubt in the public mind over the Dean case in order to put a 'kink in the agita tion for consideration of the Windeyer motion ? Do you really think that is tbe object ? Well, it is whispered in tho lobby. Ting, ting. * * * Hello, there ! Ring up Mark Twain, please. Right ! I shall be proud to listen to his humor on tho never. Hello 1 Is that Mr. Clemens? The Sunday Times would like to have a few words with you. What's that? Why, I've just had an ex tended interview witb your man. He's got col-umeB of me. I'm real pumped dry ! No doubt 1 But this is tho extra special brand of interview. You can't escape it, ao line up and deliver. _ Well, I don't hanker after interviews afc any time, although Smythe says it's good business. And Smythe, you know, knows; I'll allow that. A cunning old cuckoo is Smythe. 'Fi had Smythe down the Mis'sippi, down iu Missouri, whero I saw that pallid hand in the moonlight ? r Yes, yes ; but we don't want you to wander into an imitation of that lost dime story, or of the man who said to the goat, ' But ine no buts ' (Shakespeare). We want your impressions. Impressions, is it? Well, I don't gather impressions; 1 make 'em. Look here, answer a few questions, anyway. What's your trip worth to you in pounds, shillings, aud ponce ? General Jackson's ghost ! What cheek ! Why, they say our interviewers have front, but this lioks anything I heard since I left Carson city ! Daru my socks 1 You decline to answer? Very well, an esti mate cau be made. To proceed. What has struck you most since you have been in Sydney ? Well, apart from the liberties of an inter view by telephone, to which I am unaccus tomed, I think your parks. Yes, wo have some very beautiful parks; also— it may not previously have been men tioned to you — a very flue har ? Yes, exactly. Smythe 'spoke of it in his first letter as au inducement for me to come out. But you misunderstood me about tbe parks. No doubt you have ver' fine parks ; but I was alluding to the old chap, your Sir Henry. Oh, yes — of courso. Aud how did he strike you? Well, his hair struck me. I have sort of prided myself on my mop, and reckoned on it staggering you some. Thought you had nothing out here to approach its Paderewski promiscuousness, as it were. Bat your Sir Honry — he has the pull on mo. I reverence that man's hair 1 That struck you most, eh! Well, now, leaving that, what is this trouble about Bret Harte ? You have noticed that I said Bret Harte wrote only shoddy ? That is the fact. It doesn't concern me, you think; but it does. There are a strange lot of mules who get their reading second-hand who confuse me with Bret Harte. Thoy confuse our works, and put his down to me and mine to him. I'm not to be comforted about that. Must bo annoying, of course ; but is it not likely that Bret Harte will resent your re ported remark? He may, and, if ho wants trouble, be can get ifc. But thore. I'm full of standing at this telephone. So close up. Say, I like your city, your men and women, and your twang — strango, your people can't speak without a twang, lilre us Americans — and your poli ticians. I think they are most charming and amiable man. Do you? I do. And as to Sir Henry Parkes, I'm sure, had he lived his life in the States, he would have been President. That head ot hair would have beon irresistible. I shall long remember him. He was very friendly; ho gave me a copy of his poems. Do you regard that as a friendly act ! Certainly ! Then you don't know Parkes — or, rather, you don't know his poems. Ting, ting. ® O Hello, Exchange ! Mr. Eddy, Chief Com missioner of Railways. Right! Are you there, Mr. Eddy? Yes, I am all there, thanks. Aud is it understood that you are now a fix ture for seven years? That depends upon how tho people behave themselves. You are aware, I suppose, that I can chuck it up by giving six months' notice ? And how abont our sido of tho business? Can wo give you six months' notice also if things shouldn't happen to go smoothly ? Certaiuly not ; you'ro bound to keep me for seven years unless I want to go. Seems rather ono-sided, doesn't it ? Well, I don't know. Of course, yon know how I surrendered that extra thousand a year? Yes, it was extremely kind of you to let tbe Government off so easily, sinco they were determined to push on with it regardless of consequences if it hadn't been for you hold ing them back. Ah! that's Raid's story. However, it doesn't matter much, A trifle of a thousand or so moro or less is neither here nor there in comparison with our personal dignity. No, we always feel that way ourselves, though most people would part with a lot of dignity for less money. But then you got a eputation thrown in praying you to stop. Yes, of course, that was a consideration. Ifc will show people at home what my real value is when they seo all tho big men of Sydney going down on thoir bended knees to beg me to stay. That ought to bo worth something in connection with my next appointment? But dou't you think it made our leading citizens look rather small. That's their look-out. If thoy choose to make fools of themselves I can't help it, though you needn't say I said so. Besides, you don't pickup a first-olass railway manager every day. Certainly not. We quite admit your trans cendent abilities, but it's hardly necessary to fall down and worship anybody. Don't you feel a poultice would do you good? What for? Oh, well, wo thought perhaps there might bo a tendency to swelling of tho cranial organs. Erer try tbe whale ouro ? No thanks. If I had been subject to thia complaint yon refer to it would bave been chronic by this time, but I admit one runs a great risk of catching it under the circum* stances. Yes, you are perhaps moro sinned against than sinning. However, you probably have a shrewd idea of tho real worth of this sort of thing. Unfortunately there are cranks in every community. Well, kindly caution them against coming to me more than once a year. I am afraid 1 couldn t stand another one for a while. Bb« tween oursolves, I did feal a bit sick after tha last. We should say so. Ting, ting. 