MARGARETS MISSION. ? IV. The Ferriers had been op f..r£wa nightp, in great anxiety of mind, for they knew the gentle spirit of their islanders too well to hope for any great thing in the way of defense s»nd resistance, should the fierce new-comers make any attack upon them. lfow, however, not knowing of the discovery of the spirits, and deeming ' the danger past, they had gone peacefully to sleep, and had recommended Paul to do the fame. But be, unused to the life, and still, perhaps, nervous from the effects of his late illness, remained awake for the greater portln of the night, and had only just fallen into a dose when he was aroused by a blood-cnrdling cry, and an alarming dash of wood and steel. He started up to fiBd his room bright and the sky read with the glare of fire. The village was in flames, and a body of armed natives was breaking into the clergyman's E^rasatance iotlowjw^KQt 1 moid Mr Ferrier fought side ttyrO^ for the safety of the woman and child whose lives was so precious to both of them. Margaret was not behind them in courage and constancy. For her child's sake she, too, helped in repelling the attack. The possession of the firearms gave them an advantage of which they were forced to make nse ; and at last they had the satisfaction of seeing the invaders retire discomfited. The lights in the village died ont, and shoots and cries subsided into silence, and as the morning broke in its unwonted splendour the two Englishmen looked into each other's faces and knew that they had won the victory indeed, but that it had been hardly won. Andrew Ferrier held out a hand that trembled a little to grasp that of Paoi Ashford. * Thank yon, Ashford,' he said simply. 1 You have helped me to save my wife and child.' Then, in a lower tone, * you #ill have to help them etill more, I think.' He pnt bis hand to his side, and then Paul saw for the first time, that he had been woanded by an arrow. * It was poisoned,' said Mr Ferrier, very quietly. * There is no hope for me; hat I shall last for a day or two, Ashford, and be able to put things in order. After that, yon must take care of Margaret and the child.' Paul stammered ont some incoherent words of compassion and regret. At that moment he felt nothing but liking and respect for the brave man at whose side he had been fighting. When he said something about Mrs Ferrier the husband smiled. ' She knows,' he said. ' She has gone away to make my room ready for me— the room where I shall lie down and die. There is nothing to be done, Ashford, she knows that as well as I do. The poison with which the natives' arrows are tipped is always very deadly. God bless you, /my dear fellow. - You will when I *un gone.'! . J into stupor and delirium. Margaret was perfectly calm ; pale, indeed, but resigned, with that beautiful resignation which seemed to be her distinguishing quality. When the snn had had rally risen Ashford ventured ont of the compound, and reconnoitred the enemy. They were hcrriedly departing in their canoes, having found the. firearms of the white men too alarming to be encountered any longer.. Bat the havoc which they had wrought was very evident. Most of the hats of the village were destroyed, and many of the men were dead, and some of the women and children had been carried away. A mere handful of the Villagers were left behind, snd they filled the air with their wailing over the dead. What bad been a scene of beauty and jcy had been tnrned into desolation. Paul had but sorry news to carry back to the dying pastor and his wife. There followed a few days to which Paul Ashford coald never look back without a shudder. Andrew Ferrier suffered greatly, and it was maddening to a man like Ashford, accustomed to the command of every resource of science and art. to see his agonies and to know that they could be alleviated ; and that—worst of all-—he himself conld do nothing to alleviate them. He en tirelr lost his old feeling of jealousy and contempt for the man who had won Margaret away from him. And his feeling for Margaret herself was transformed into a spiritualised kind of reverence which he had never felt for any othar woman since his mother bad died. Her anxiety, her lore, her grief, set her apart from him as if she too were dead and a saint in the Heaven of God. Andrew Ferrier died in a week, and was boned in the little Christian graveyard, where so many new graves hai been dug since the visitation of the fiance andsavagetribe from the neighbouring niland. • ' V Comparatively few; persons were left, and* it was not long before a pestilence swept over the place and attacked the greater number of those who remained. There conld. not t>e a more complete 'change than that which took place in the island during those few weeks. Before Easier it was almost depopulated. Scarcely a dozen families were left, and these removed their huts to the very shadow of the'parsonage, so that they lived dose to 4 their mother,' as Margaret was universally called, and close to Paul Ashford, whom they looked on as a tower Then great storms gathered and swept the seas against the barrier reef, una! ^ the surf sounded like thunder, and the winded howled over the island like a presage of doom.: And Matgaret, looking ont to sea, said calmly, '-Ifo vessel will come this year.' •'•>••' She was very pale, veryqaiet, in these days of calamity, going about amongst the poor people with gentle words of hope and cheer, attending to Iter house- -. • hold duties, teaching her little girl, just \- .as she had done when her husband was aliye. ; There was a look In her face sometimes as of one who had lost some- 1 "notfind;t>_nt she ief,and erenPaid, kiUP* yet he could cot hut see that she was 1 sorrowful. And bo the year went by. It was Ch-istmas Day on the island. There were no formal services in the little half-ruined church now that the clergyman was dead ; bnt Margaret and her little flock still met there and knelt together from time to time, while Panl, ranch abashed by his new position, read prayers and lessons wi*h rather nervous rapidity. When b« reflected upon his situation, he acknowledged to himself that it conld not well be odder. The islanders bad accepted him as their natural chief and world ; they consulted him on all matters, agricultural, military, and religious : he who had beeu too languid to decide any question for himself, hud now to decide half a dozen in the day for the little ccmn.unity growing np around bim. Margaret sometimes looked at him with a half startled interest, His way of looking at things was larger and keener, she vaguely felt, than her husband's wiy ; and she had an occasional glimpse of worlds of thought and feeling which she had never realised, JBerhttps she sometimes felt as if, in her i recoil from mere IriCflUly,- trite-bad-ina- •M<t away Fmm from a q great irnat HmI deal flint, that was well VPP.11 worth kaowing and seeing in the world which dhe had le't. But it was Christmas Day, and she pnt euch thoughts awsy from her. She went with her little daughter to lay a cross of flowers on Andrew Ferrier's grave ; and it was while she sat beside it, looking tenderly though tearlessly at*the flower-covfred mound, that Paul Ashford leaped the wall of the churchyard ana came towards her with words which startled her exceedingly. * There is a ship in sight,' be said. * We have signalled it, and it is coming. An English ship—perhaps the Aurcra herself.' * On Christmas Day 1* said Margaret, dreamily. She rose, but looked still at the grave at her feet. * We have been expecting it so iong,* said Paul, trying to subdue tbe excitement which be felt, * that it seems strange at last/ ' Very strange. You say it is coming —actually coming ? ' It will not 'ije here for a couple of hoars, I think' said Paul. ' But we shall do we'll to be ready.' She shot a quick glance at him. * Ready,' she said, ' for what 7' It seemed to her as if she were about to make a vehement answer, but suddenly restrained herself, 'Maidie,' he said.' run np to the house and gather some flowers, will you not ? I want to speak to your mother, I must speak to you,' he added, in a lower tone, 4 forgive'me for sending her away. Will you walk a little way with me ? There is something that must be said before that ship arrives.' She glanced at her husband's grave as if she thought that it formed a protection for her weakness, and that Paul wished to drag her away from it. Perhaps he did. Perhaps he felt that what he was about to say could not pell be uttkredat Andrew Ferrier's grato. "Oieywalked across asttetch of'smooth sward, dotted by. flowering .trefes. that bordered tbe churchyard ; and when they came in sight of tbe wide blue sea, flecked only by the hull and funnel of the rapidly neariag ship—a blot of darkness on the brilliantly glancing waves—Paul Ashford spoke. * Forgive my haste,' he said, gently, 'but have you thought of what the arrival of this English steamer may mean to you ?' * Yes,' she said gently. 4 It means that you will go away, and that I and Maidie will be left here alone.' * Heaven fcrbid !' he broke forth, in indignant expostulation. * How can you imagine such a thing ! Leave yon here alone !' * Yes, of course. You will go to Sydney, or to England, or wherever the vessel may be bonnd for, and as soon as possible you will get another missionary to come ont to these poor people. My husbard left them in trust to me, and I shall not leave them ontil I see them handed over to some one else's care. Then I shall be free to take Mai lie home, even'—-with a !i< tie hesitation— * even if I coae back afterwards.* * You would like to co.ne back ? he said. 4 Ah, yes, I should indeed. My poor people here—there is no one like them. I shall never love any place as I love the island.' * I love it ton,' said Paul, not very steadily : 4 and I should like to make it possible for you to look upon it as your home. I could do it if you would let me. Margaret, will you let me speak ?' 4 1 do not knew what yon mean, Paul,' she answered,' but I am sure that you will not say what it would be painful for me to hear.' 4 It need not be painful,' he said earnestly. 4 For whether you say yes or no to my plan, 1 shall be sure that you are wise and right. Only do not be offended by what I am going to say. I have no motive but my respect and regard for you and for your happiness, which is dearer to me than my own. May I go on f She hesitated, with a deepening color in her cheek. Then she said— * Yes, go on !' * I am a rich man, Margaret, ae you know. I have no near relations living —no one who has the ghost of a claim on. me. I have scarcely known what a home and happiness meant until within the last few months. I believe that it would be perfectly easy for me to become the muter, the virtual owner of this little island, If X chose ; at any rate of the greater portion of it. I should like to settle here; build a house, re-build the churchy defend and assist these island-people—make a settlement, in fact, which might become a pattern and example to other English colonists in this part of the world. What would you think of this, Margaret V * It seems a beautiful idea/ she said. 4 Does It seem bo to you? But I could not do it without your help, Margaret. Tbs thing would be feasible only if you would stay.* (To be continued.^ 