CHAPTERl X. Watson gave Boyd a rapid account of their adventures, which excited the sailor's curiosity to a wonderful degree. "Women," said he, " nothing but women. el What a paradise for Mahonmet. is "Yes, women, nothing but women; but as everyone of them a queen. By Jove," said w Smythe, "I should as soon ask Queen b Victoria for the Kohinoor as one of them for a kiss." sl " Perhaps you would find them only it women after all," said Murray. " You can't J3 easily push nature out with a fork. -Ask ti Watson." a Watson actually blushed. S "You fellows forget," he said, " that we 9 have other things to think about than the f, charms of womendom. Listen, Boyd. We ri may expect in three days at the most a visit from some twenty vessels like that we peppered. so vigorously. I tell you the men have never had occasion to cultivate war, and therefore the science was neglected, but they have made such progress in the natural sciences that I am afraid they have reserve powers which will give us trouble. Just fancy the resources of men who could put u together such an edifice as that, who have e made the air light-carrying, who have b utilised the hidden fires of the earth to pro- a mote vegetable and animal growth, who d have made electricity and magnetism agents r in the home life for every day purposes. It e is marvellous-so marvellous that our A boasted scientific knowledge is only the n alphabet to it.' If they had had to devote a their knowledge to war our little Aurora b would not have had a ghost of a show in the encounter." "Looking at it from that point of view there is something to be considered," said L Boyd. "If there was nothing to be con sidered but the warlike capability of the trireme I should not trouble my head, but a as you state it there is a doubt. Now what I should suggest is that we mount one of the heavy guns on that point. We can easily haul it up. It will give us some pro tection if we find ourselves forced to fall back and defend the entrance. The en. trance is narrow, thank heaven I and our torpedoes will be useful. What a happ3 thought it was to bring them." "sWe may thank you for the thought," C said Murray, " Yes. But I had quite another Idea in my head. I thought we might try the effects of one of them on an iceberg. By s George I it would have brought some of those big fellows down with a rare burley. Hurley-burley." "Don't maltreat Shakespeare, you Philis tine," said NMurray. " Bother Shakespeare just now. Another I thing we must do is to keep our dynamos always at work, or at least as often as possible. For this reason I shall up sailto- t morrow morning for a cruise. I noticed the I sun dipped right beneath the horizon yester day, so we shall be able soon to make out a decent day and night. I wonder if this sea t or any part of it is open during the long ¬ winter. It would never do for us to be taught napping, and a good look- out must be kept. I should say some of the women would not object to that duty. At any rate we must be pretty constantly on the move. [f we have plenty of room to manoeuvre I wouldn't fear a thousand of craft like .your triremes." " Your Gatlings and Maxims are in work. iag order, I suppose 1" "That the vicious beggars are. The men iorward think there is something in the wind, and they have been overhauling all tihe arms and ammunition. Gad I they are like the war horse and sniff the battle from ifar." " Do you think they will stand by us ?'' "Like true blue Britons. They are all igog about tlhe shore. Your dingey men made a highly-spiced report, and the whole -rew is in a state of long drawn expectation." " Should we speak to them and let them kInow how things stand ? They have a right to know, for we have got them into this corner, and, by Jove, they are in the same *box as ourselves." S "It might be as well. At any rate a few words can do no harm. I'll call old Tom, the boatswain, and sound him." Tom came in shortly after and made Iris usual salute to'the'gentlemen at the table. J This was not an elaborate affair, as it con sisted of plucking an imaginary forelock with the dexter finger and thrumrb. Tom was a character in his way. He was a typical sailor, one of that class we rarely see now-a days. Steam has ruined the old profession. There is no romance ini a tea kettle or in an iron pot on the boil. " Well, skipper," growled Tom, for his voice was as the subdued roar of a coming storm, "what do you want with me?" "t "Perhaps, skipper," said Smythe, point , ing to the table, " Tom would like to splice the main brace before barneying." 1 "l Right you are, Ni' Smith," said Tom, as h lie poured out a joram froims a decanter, '' a i. nip in weather like this never comes amiss." And in what weather does it, Tom?n" s, Smythe asked with a gleam of fun in hIis eye. d "Don't know, sir. Never found it bilge Sin my life." "Listen, Tom,"' said Boyd. " 'our Sweather eye is olpeln, and you know as well c as we do that we nare in a cosrner." S "As nasty a hole as any one would want; a Right you are, skippel'cr." if " We want to know from you if tihe men s will stick to us if it comes to downrisght j fighting-not a serinnunage, but tooth and . nail, ding-dong battle." >e Tom turnesd thI quitd fromn one cheek to the other with the greatest deliberation in -. the world and said :o "Would cats sup milk ?" 1- He winked gsravely at the skipper asnd made to the door amid general nlaughter, the captai ct calling out to him to send the men i aft. v Iin a few minutes somie thirty young n fellows in the perfection of age Iandil strength were mustered on thle main deck with the is two mates, Mcssr's Abel and Welch, at their t- head. There was a jaunty look about most Sof them that showcd flhcy were perfectly well aware what wan tlhe character of the a co sunsuiity to lwhi:h they 'were suchl near ur neighbours. Thes meni wses dressed in a o unifosrm very silmiar to that of the Royal Navy in patlern, but of coursei the material ' was moaCh on:ie,'11' and nsore substantial. a 'The uniform, however, dlisplayed all tlhe g strengthi anid nagility of aus linue a ship's crew as ever sailed lthe sea. r Boyd spoke to tie men in a quiet, conver h sationsal aissllms:l'. S Bys" i, he isaid, "'we haven't seen the end of the sc'risuslge with that craft yet. SIt seems there are plenty lmore of the sale [0 sort w'here it canse froms, and we are in forL a if good rough andi tumbile ighllt."'' d ' uliirrl ," shoutCed an enthulisast. d ., H'riralh be it," caid Boyd; " but we may s get solue unsty jabs ourselves. Will you ' ;~rl ' for themi ':" ('ri t; . ('OS''I'I;UiD.) Mrs Smith : I delare, . this leg o mutton haes shruni, ,w'v almost to .no Sthing!' Willy Sn ith: ' P~erhaps, mama, it came off the same isaieep that msy flannel did, ' 