THE BIBLE CHRISTIANS. NEW CHURCH AT URAIDLA. [By our Special Reporter. ] The township of Uraidla. which is situated in one of the prettiest portions of the hills, may be termed a Bible Christian village, as nearly all its inhabitants belong to that body. Nevertheless, they had never been able to collect sufficient funds to build a denomina- tional church there, and dnring the past eleven or twelve years services have been conducted in the institute. During that time the idea of having an edifice of their own has been often mooted, and subscriptions have been collected for the purpose. A few months ago it was thought that sufficient funds had been raised to start building a church ; so the land was purchased and work was commenced. The late Rev. James Way was well known and much loved in the Uraidia district, so it was thought that ou acoount of the good work be and bis son had done it was only fitting that his Excellency the Lieutenant Governor should be asked to lay the founda- tion-stone of the church. His Excellency readily complied with this request, and Tues day, J uly 9, was fixed for the ceremony. The time for laying the foundation-stone was 3 o'clock, and accordingly at 1.30 yesterday afternoon uis iixceuency left Government House for Uraidla. Although the weather was cold t2ie travellers, being well wrapped up, had a most enjoyable drive through the hills. The Green Hill at the pre sent time seems very appropriately named, as all'the trees are bursting into green, and grass and foliage are all of the same tint. The splendid pair of greys took only an hour and a quarter to reach Uraidla, and on arrival there the village was found en fi:te. All seemed to have taken a holiday, and a large crowd was assembled about 200 yards from the centre of the town, and opposite the spot ?where the church building had been started. The local brass band struck up the National Anthem ou the arrival of his Excellency, and immediately afterwards the proceedings began. The Rev. W. H. Caot, who will be in charge of the church, handed the Lieutenant-Governor a trowel, which was the handiwork of the scholars of Way College, and his Excellency in laying the foundation-stone, said — ' In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, for the frlory of God and for the good of mankind, I declare this stone to be well and faithfully laid.:- As tbe ground was very damp underfoot and rain was threatening, an adjournment was then made . to the institute, 'where a short service was held. After devo tional exercises, during which the Rev. E. Gratton offered prayer, Mr. Casn said a church was badly needed at Uraidla, as for the past eleven years Divine service had been held at the Institute. Under the foundation-stone had been placed a copy of Flic Advertiser and the Bible Christian Motitldy, and a document which read thus : — The foundation- stone was laid by his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, S. J. Way, Esq., D.C.L., on July 9, 1SB5. The Rev. W. H. Cann is the pastor of the circuit : the trustees are Messrs. R. Collins, T. Dyer, and E. Hawke ; treasurers, T. Oliver and It. Collins ; overseers of the work, Jaaies 1'hjllips and T. Dyer ; builder, \V. Wiekhaiu. The Rev. \V. T. 1'enrose is the president of the Conference, and the liev. J. Colliiigs secretary- There are in the connexion 3G ministers in full work, and C superannuated ; 248 local preachers, 13a churches, 1C other preaching places, sittings 19,326, members 3,797, Endeavorers 1,096, teachers 965, BchoJars 8,230. la this circuit there is one minister, 17 local preachers, 9 churches, l.UCO sittings, 208 members, 5S Endeavorers, 53 Teachers, and 463 scholars. Mr. J. Phillips read the secretary's report, which set out that the land on which the church was to be built had bsen purchased from Mr. T. Dyer, and measured 70 ft. to the main road and GO ft. deep. Arrangements had been made to borrow £100 at 5 percent., which sum it was thought would be sufficient, as so much labor was Riven. Up to date every thing had been paid for, including land, stone, windows, &c;, and the treasurer had ISs. in hand. When built the church would be 33 ft. long, 21 'ft. wide, and 15 ft. high inside measurement, and would seat about 150 people. It was expected that the church would be opened in about three months. His Excellency, who was heartily wel comed, said he was extremely glad to be present, and in fact was always thankful for an ojjportunity to visit their beautiful hills. He did not think that anyone having the slightest sense of the beauties of nature could go there without agreeing that there were few places where people could jive in greater health and happiness than about the slopes at the foot of Mount Lofty. The neighborhood presented a scene of comfort that could not be surpassed in any part of the world he had visited. It was a great privilege for him to have had the opportunity of assist ing in a humble way in laying the foundation stone of the Bible Christian Churchat Uraidla. They would all doubtless be conscious of the fact that that day they had laid the foundation for all time of what they hoped would lie a prosperous and happy community. One of the duties in establishing a new community was to make provision for the worship of God. _ That duty had been done in South Australia without the assistance of a State church, and be thought there were few places in the world better supplied with the means of -worsliip and reli gious instruction than in the settled districts of this colony. They -probably knew that he was born into the Bible Christian Church, and ho loved it more than any other. He rejoiced in the success of other Christian Churches, and was glad to help in any other branch of the Church Catholic as far as he could to show his sympathy, and to give such assistance as was in his power to help their work. He had great Eleasure in being present that day, because in tying the foundation stone he was enabled to identify himself with the work of his honored father.' If he wasof somoslightassistaucethat day he also was on August 5, 1854, when he ac companied his father, the late liev. James Way, to the district, and stayed the night with Mr. and JMrs. Dyer. His fotber preached then in an old paling church, which was the only idace of worship in the district His Excellency occupied about fifteen minutes in giving chatty reminiscences of the olden days and the peoplo whom he had then met. These were listened to with the greatest interest by the old inhabitants of the town. He said he felt thankful that tho work commenced by his honored father had become permanent as was shown by the fact that where there was then one small chapel there were now 10 substan tial places of worship attended by hundreds of people. He would greatly prize the trowel which hs-l been presented to him, as it was tbe gift and workmanship of the boys of Way College. There was no way in which his father's name could liave been better kept or in a manner for which he would have felt more grateful than by the establishment of an institute of learn ing-. Way Gollege was one of the best and most successful schools in South Australia. He had experienced great pleasure that day in again meeting his old pastor, Mr. Cann, a more useful minister than whom they did not possess. During his three or four years' pastorate of the Adelaide church he had a measure of success which had never been sur passed in the history of the denomination in South Australia. He would like to remind them that they had a duty to perform. It was a fine thing to make provision for themelves in the erection of a place of worship, but people sometimes forgot that the place was a house of G-od, and that there should not be a sixpence of debt on it. He would not say it was not justifiable to build a church until provision for the cost was entirely made ; but there should be a reason able prospect of the cost .being liquidated without it being a burden ou the neighbor hood. The present building would cost about £300 in cash and labor, and up to date about £100 had been subscribed in labor and money. They would require to borrow £100, so lie would ask them to be as liberal in their dona tions as possible. On the motion of Mr. T. Oliver, seconded by Mr. It. Collins, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded his Excellency for being present that afternoon. A tea and public meeting and sale of goods followed, and the proceeds, ?with the collection, ?which included handsome donations from his Excellency and Mr. J. Phillips, will help con siderably towards clearing off the debt. During the evening the choir, under the con ductorship of Mr. J. Philips, sang several anthems. ^ ? 