Sydney Jottings, ? ^ i — (From Our CprreapondetU,) The Upper House will 'main a vir tue of necessity and back down. ''' Parliament has not Lo»t^tB most inevitable bore— Mr Affleck, Tbe Speaker's white-headed boy aiso^ came,,, back victorious — Tlarry ax lease a xew gooa rueu were re* ^ectWr-sifthis -general elections., .„ Ninian, Melville willtnever wpo the coalminers again. J *SllTKe~oTHcWt8 of the Daily Post wtre rejected as candidates, ^aid that -ex-Editor Ellis of the Daily Post will tate- the lead of a Sunday paper. ?'? -IJow many ex-members bitterly be wail the fact that they were ever in duced to adopt politics f^a) Parkes and bis little party are talk;ng of making a. little Assembly of their own. They only want a revenue to start. Premier Reid may' now look for ward to an early K.C.M.G.-ship with certainty. The highly intelligent electors of Molong are once more rf presented by that 'accomplished orator — Doctor Ross. Crick's latest ambition isto be come leader of the Opposition. More haste, less speed, Paddy. The temperance party at least voted for men — not measures — of grog. Mr Joe Chamberlain promises to prove the best friend the producers of Australia ever had. The National Ass. is about to gire up the ghost. But then it never lived, it only existed. Will any of the new members make their mark in the new Parliament P Ti.ere is a large vacancy for talent. With DibbB, Parkes, Gopeland and Wise out of the -oald Lyne has bis opportunity for leadership. Crick, Meagber, and Bull rule the lower legal roosi in Sydney. They triumph over the courts and now they invade the sacred precincts of Parliament. « Too many lawyers in the House' says an old politician, ' never get proper legislation, with a paroel of attorneys always arguing about nothings.' What's in a name? Dean Stretch is the name of a Baliarat eLergyman. We nearly bad a Dean ' Stretch ' in Darlinghuret the other day. Mr Copeland ia very anxious to establish a morning protectionist ?newspaper. The blockade at - Truth omce ap&inst; the bailiffs threatens to be as prolonged as the siege of Paris. T: e busioesa whio i takes most ? money ovtr the counter in Sydney at present receives 10 times morn silver and 20 timeB less gold and noteB than it did two years ago. Tbe golden soverign is much more in evidence now then for yours past. Notes rebounded twelve months ago and the sovereign was a rarity. Now it is'throther-way about. 1 The new Parliament' from an in tell- ctuat point of yjewjis no im provement on the last Assembly. IMd and Crick are *he only speakers o-' any pnwer-in±he new House. Adrian Knox, M.P., did not draw bis, members salary last Parliament. Heand-jMr Bruce Smith are eo far the; dnlytwnvconBistent opponents of payment'of'members. - A great Ameriban' mininjj expert is in Sydney. ' .The- mines in the Lueknow distriof are' occupying his attention at the present time. /George Dean is forgotten. He ia unnoticed even by the pasanegere on his North Shore boat. Such is fame. The popular upheaval againatJudge Windeyer has likewise subsided. The half-yearly meeting of the A.J.S. Bank shows a net profU^ of L24.982, and a 4 per cent, dividend has been announced. It ' is expected that Sjdney will boom under a freetrade policy. The country districts will have to produce for' the food markets of the world and the - tate must aid the producers 4o reach those markets. ' E.' D. Meagher evidently thought he was tiie hero of the Metropolitan elections. He drove through the streets of Sydney in a waggonette, headed by a brass band, and doffed his hat to the bewildered thousands who swarmed the atreetB on polling night, ' Citizens of Sydney boast that they can get along well enough without the assistance of the country. Near ly every item of food supplies may be more cheaply imported. A candidate who contested a country constituency complains that he could not get milk in at least half the hotels he put up at durinir the campaign, and yet they say Australia is a land flowing with milk and honey. ___^___ 