MY OPINIONS AND BETSY ROR RETT'S. Bv Josiah Allen's Wipe. " Woman's sphere ! " says I, interrnptin' Betsey .in a majestic tone before which she qnailed interoeptibly, " Women's speah is where ehe can do the most good. If God had peant that . wimmen should be nothin' but men's shadders, He would have made ghosts and phantoms of 'em at once. But havin' made. 'em: flpBh and blood, with brains and souls, I believe He mean't lemto be used to the bsBt advantago. And : the talk about ' wimmen havin' to .fight, and men wash dishes, if wpnten vote, ,ia all sheer nonsense;" Sayr I, carried away with powerful emotions : " Yod paayisbnt a lion up for years in a room full of psmbrip needles and tattin'-shettlea and yon pan't get him to dp anything but roar at 'em ; pt htiint a lion's naturq to do fine sewihy, says I. " And yon may tie np n old hen >aa long as yon ipleasennd you can't breakhepof jwantin' tp make a pest and sorqtoh for her johiokqnp;" Says I, . wayin' my ..right hand slow ana majestically, ,<< You may wsnt. a green shade onto the frpnt side of iyour house, pnd to that end .apd effect, yon may plant a aporn, and set ,p.ut n rose bush. :They will both help to shade Jhe . winder. 'but they ! iwillido it in their own ways, whioh ip different. And men and wimqiin votip side by side Would no more .alter tbeir natural dispositions ' Itban eingin one of Watts' hymns-tpgethpc" iwoqlc|. : One will.sing bass andrthe -other nir, iso long as, the .world stands." ".Joaiah Allenla wife," eaya Betsey, " I think, yoor views are nrpneous. We cannot : ithink alike abont clingin', we also differ in lour viewa aboqt suffrages. Whep I coqeidehj that 'lections pome onae every three yesbs, ithen comes home the solemn fcelp', bow wearin it would he for a female fo.drop ,all |her; domestic dabohs and avooatipps, and he iprsasnt at -them. Joiiph Allen's wifo, let ps leppsen the opse,; sposen s ,wopqsp|is.waehin' or phurpin' bDtteh, bow ippnld ,ehe leave: this llahohsndoandvpts? " r; :8sy,f I, with, eo impatient a gesture that I; ! broke . off ,a thread taqd hd to tie it.onpgip, ' 41 Wimmin ban drop jll . their domestic labors 0 ;<gP ,tolfairp and picnics, and ,plessqre Ogcprslope tSnd ipelehrations— apd ,it wopld, Ukp ahpnt half a minote ito ote." Lnt,") says f, in the most, grand, and soblp tppe lhsd ISSdjet, "men hpipt twk by the caajt-opSar; and draggad off to 'lepons ; ,they dpn't go anises tgy are a mind to. and ,I: don't sjqp.; pose wioiPrin would be orpve jthera like a- flook of eheep. They wonldn'it wspt tp go,, pnly.whcnaqme great lpw wae np concerning tight and wrong, or her own intrineibk.- intqfeets, asgiviir a mother a equal fight to her ohifdren, a right ehe earnt naturally, a deed, Qod .himself stamped with .the great seals of fear and agony. , Or bein' taxed without representation, or concerning equal pay for eqnsl labour. _ I Vponejevery iemala olerkand teacher and faotory aqd shop girl who have hqlLstaryed op about onQ third what meh get for doin the same work would be on hand. Likewise concerning, temper- anoe,' I s'pose. every drunkard's 1 wife .and ' mother ahd .glrl wpuld go. to. the p.olj'hqt : ;oomd get there. Poor things ! uhdsfv%b Legiqlator they ,i$V6. .enjoye3":the. rig.! pf sufferin':; spqsen it lets 'em enjoy the fight of Ipqfffsgip' a spell. Mahbs they woul;l.had . it as easy If not easier." ! Woman neeids equal rights, not beoanse she- is 'man's hotter half, bht beoiuse she is his other half. Her politioal eduoatioh will not mefejy help man, but it will hslp-hersqlf. She will 8emetimes be right and sometimes wrong ; but sber will learp, : as man learns, "by her own blunders. , 'The demand. in her helalf is, that she shall have thh opportunity to make mistakes,' sihoe it" is by that means she must bepome wise, 