NOVKL. fIBIHG'S PERIL. CHAPTER III. (continued.) BY CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. •I'.i like to know how I'm to get cull out of such a hole as this if I don't a; him,' exclaimed the driver, roughly. , ;:en once more, ' Dash blank dash your inhideI'll learn you to balk with me i Then down came more furious • on the quivering hide, and the poor tared brute began to back thereby placing j frail four-wheeler in imminent danger of jsg upset. •Steady there! Hold your hand, sir! ;._<;'t stnke that horse again. Just stand at c head a moment and keep quiet till I get ;se ladies out,' called Waring, in a tone rift yet commanding. TU get 'em out myself in my own way, if iy'll only stop their infernal yellin',' was Iii coarse reply. •Oh, Monsieur Wareeng,' exclaimed the |r> in undertone, ' the man has been drink- . I am sure. He has been so rude in his liguage.' Tearing waited for no more words. Look- L- quickly about him, he saw a plank lying 1: the levee slope. This he seized, thrust one |:i auross the muddy hole until it rested in L- cab, stepped lightly across, took ihe child p ais arms, bore her to the embankment and -: aer down, then sprang back for her young i-.Uier, who tremhlmg slightly, rose and took j.- outstretched hand just as another lssh il on the horse's back and another lurch allowed. Waring caught at the cab-rail nth one hand, threw the other arm about -_ r slender waist, and, fairly lifting little Ii&uiie; over the wheel, sprang with her to ;e shore, and in an instant more had carried _-r, speechless and somewhat agitated, to the .9 of the levee. Xow,' said he, ' let me drive you and Nin !m wherever you were going. Is it to -irtc-t or church ?' 'll'iis non—to bonne maman's, of whom it • the fete,' cried the eager little one, despite mother's stem, orders of silence. ' Look!' i? exclaimed, showing her dainty little d?s and feet in creamy silken hose and It watj ' bonne maman,* explained Madae, wh^had ordered the cab from town for itm, Eerer dreaming of the condition ithe riyer road or suspecting that of the Hrer. 'So much the happier for me,' laughed faring.—'Take the front seat, Jeffers.— yenr, Nin "Nin, ma - fieurette, up with you !* ^ilthe delighted child was lifted to her ^rch in the stylish trap she had so often Jmired. ' Now, madame,' he continued, exacting his hand. V , But Madame husg back, hesitant and lashing. ' Oh, Monsieur Wareeng, I cannot, I ^st not. Is it not right that some one shall Mricatethe cab?' J Noone from this party, at least,* laughed taring, mischievously making die most of m idiomatic query. * Your driver is more >xhon than cocher, and if he drowns in that ind 'twill only serve bim rightJake your anous compatriot, he'll have ^.chance to aj,' I will drown, andno one shall help me,' wall I care. The brute ! Allons! I will irive you to bonne maman's of whom it -is Se fete. Bless thy baby daughter! And Madame d'Hervilly shall bless Nin Nin's sat devoue Sam.' And Madame Lascelles found further reamstrance useless. She was lifted into the sat, by which time the driver, drunken and inicnlent, had waded after them. ' Who's to pay for this ?' was his surly Mestion. i 'You, I fancy, as soon as your employer 'arm? of your driving into that hole,' was fewg'scool reply. r' Well, I. say, I want (five dollars for my and trouble, and I want it right off.' whip in hand, the burly, mud-covered •sliow came lurching up the bank. Across Ac boggy street beyond the white picket face t& green blinds of a chamber windo w s an ..iu- iiwinioned Southern house were -irmvn open, and twp feminine faces J^ red fi)rth, interested spectators of the Bene. t . . . . . 'Here, my mail!' said Waring, in a .low tone, ' you have earned no five dollars and T'JII know it. Get your cab out, come to Sadarie d'Hervilly's, wbere you were called, wlatever is^your due will be paid you; cu- no npre of'this swearing or threatening, -not afiither word of it.' . ' I want, my money, I say, and I mean to tove it.; I'm not talking to you; I'm talkto the lady that hired me ' But I liave not the money. It is for my ffiotbeij—Madame d'Hervilly—to pay. Yo "11 coine there!' 'I want it .now, J[ say. I've got to iir6 io get my cab out. I got stalled here arrying y 0a and your child, and mem to my pay right now, or Til know the -isoa why. Your swell friend's got the ""'"ey. It's none of my business how vou w.' . : But that ended thh' ioplloquy.'. Jwiaring's ^tJ^dM-^th'-ieeonHdittgr-^ the.cabman'^ jaw,and«ent iinirollitig jdown Into', themu3 jb^libw, WMup^fflotuiiee. ing andfunous, in less .than & ;jnimite,. enraing hoiTibly and groping iu the pocket of his ovetcoat. 'Ifsa pistol, lieutenant. . Look out!' cried Jeifers. There was a flash, a sharp report,« stifled cry from the cab,, a screamof terror from the child. But Waring had leaped lightly teide, and before the half drunken brute could cock his weapon for a second shot he was felled like a log, and his pistol . wrested irom his hand and hurled across the levee. Another blow crashed full in bis face as he strove to find his feet, and' this time his muddled senses warned him it were best to lie still. Two minutes more, when' he 'lifted his battered bead and strove to stanch the blood streaming from his nostrils, he saw the -team driving briskly away up the crest of the tevee; and, overcome by maudlin contemplation of hiB foeman's triumph and. his own wretched plight, the cabman sat him down and wopt aloud. And to his raccour "presently there dime* ministering angels from across the muddy way, one with a brogue, the Wther in a' bandanna, and between the two ' he was escorted across a dry path to the magnoliafringed enclosure, comforted with soothing applications without and within, and encouraged to tell his tale • of woe. That he should wind it "up with vehement expressions of his ability to thrash a thousand swells like the one who had abused him, and a piratical prophecy that he'd drink bis heart's blood within the week, was due not so much to confidence io his own powers, perhaps, as to the strength of the whisky with whioh he had been liberally supplied. Then the lady' of the house addressed her Etbioji" maid-of- ,all-work: 'Go you over to Anatole's now,. 'Lotiette. .Tell him if any of the byes are there I wahut 'urn. If Dawson is there, from the adjutant's office, I wahnt him quick. Tell him it's Mrs. Doyle, and never mind if he's been dhrinkin*; he shall have another dhrop here." And at her beck there presently appeared three or four besotted-looHng specimens in the coarse undress uniform of - the day, poor devils, absent without leave from their post below and hoping only to be able to beg or Steal whisky enough to'stupefy them before the patrol should come and drag them away to the guard-hoiue. Eromise of libera! reward in shape' of liquor wUs suincient to induce three of their number to g? out with the firming cabman and help rescue his wretahed brute and trap. The moment they, were outside the gate ste turned on the fourth, a pallid, sickly man, whos» features were delicate, whose hands were white and slender, and whose whole appearance, despite glassy. eyeB and tremulous mouth and limbs, told the pathetic story of better days. 'You're ofi ag'in, areyou? Sure I heerd so, and you're mad for a dhrink now. Can ye write, Dawson, or must I brace you up first?' An imploring look, an unsteady gesture, alone answered. ' Here, thin, wait! It's absinthe ye need,. my buck. Go you into that room now and wash yourself, and I'll bring it, and whin the others come back tor their whisky I'll tell 'um you've gone. You're to do what I say, now, and Doyle will see you through; if not, it's hack to that hell in the. guard-house you'll go, my word on it.' ' Oh, for God's sake, Mrs. Doyle ' began the poor wretch, imploringly, but the woman shut him ofi. ' In there wid you 1 the'otters are coming.' Andj unbarring the front door, she presently admitted the trio returning to claim the fruits of their honest labor. ' Is he gone ? Did he tell you what happened?' ' He's gone, yes,* another one : ' he's gone to get square with the lieutenant and his cockney dog-robber. He says they both jumped on him and kicked his face in when he was. down and unarmed and Washelyin'?* * Oh, they bate him cruel. But did he tell you of the lady—who it was they cook from him? 1 'Why, sure, the wife of that old Frenchman, Lascelles. that lives below,— her and the lieutenant's been sparkin' this three months.' ' The very wan^ mind ye!' replied the lady of tie house, with significant - emphasis and' glance from her bleary eyes; • the viery wan,' she.finished, with slow nodding accompaniment of the frowzy head. 'And that's the kind of gintlemen that undertakes to hold up their heads over soldiers like Doyle. Here, boyB, drink now, and be ofi ag'inst his coming. Hell be here any minute. Take this to comfort ye, but kape still about this till ye see me ag'in—or Doyle. Now run.' And with scant ceremony the dreary party was hustled out through a payed court-yard to a gate-way opening on a side street. Houses were few and scattering so far below the heart of the city. The narrow strip of land between I the great river and the swamp was cut up into walled enclosures, as a rule,— abandoned warehouses and cotton- presses, moss-grown one-storied frame structures, standing in the midst of desolate fields and decrepit fences. Only amoDg the peaceful shades of the Ursuline convent: and .the warlike flanking towers at the barracks was there aught that spoke of anything' but. demoralization and decay. Back from the levee a block or two the double lines of scrap-iron stretched over a wooden • causeway between parallel wet ditches gave evidence of some kind-of a railway, on which, at rare intervals, jogged a sleepy mule with a sleepier driver and a musty old rattle-trap of a. car,—a car butting up against the animal's lazy hocks 'and rousing him occasionally to ringing and retaliatory kicks. Around the barracks the buildings were closer, mainly in the way of ifflis; then came a mile-long northward fch of track, with wet fields on either side, fringed along the river by solid structures and walled enclosures that told of days more prosperous than those which so. closely followed the war. It was to one of these graceless, drinking-shops and into the hands of a rascally ' dago' known as Anatole: that. Mrs. Doyle commended her trio of allies, and being rid of them she turned baok to her prisoner, their erstwhile companion. Absinthe wrought its work on his meek and pliant spirit, and the shaking hand was nerved to do the woman's work. . At her dictation, with such corrections as his better education suggested, two letters were draughted, ancl with these in her hand she went aloft. In fifteen minutes she returned, placed one of these letters in an envelope already addressed to Monsieur Armahd Lascelles, No. -— Eue Royale, the other she handed to Dawson. It was addressed m neat and delicate feminine hand to Colonel Braxton, Jackson Barracks. Now, Dawson, ye can't see her .this day, and she don't want ye till you can come over here sober. Off wid ye now to barracks. They're all out at inspection yet, and will be for an hour. Lay this wid the colonel's male on his desk, and then go you to your own. Come to me this afternoon for more dhriiik if ye can tell me what he- said and did when he read it. No! no more liquor now. That'll brace ye till dinner-time, and inore would make ye dhrunk.' Miserably he plodded away <down the .levee, jwhile she, his ruler, throwing on a tuge, dirty white - siin bonnet, followed presently in Ins tracks, and shadowed him until she 'saw him safely reach the. portals of. the barracks 'after,one or two fruitless scouts into •wayside bars in liope of finding some one to treat' u or trust. him to a drink.: Then, retracing her steps a few blocks, she rang sharply :it the lattice gate , opening into a cool and Shaded enclosure, beyond which , could be seen the white pillared veranda -of a long,. low, Southern liomestead. A grinning negro hoy mmwerefi thesummons. , . , ' It's you, is ity Alphonse? la your inis-' ;; tress at home j" *So"; irone tovm,- •^•6u;skip4o' tfifb' strikM;^elye^orye'll suffer. ' There's a car ^ t'iw inmatest' • ' • And thenY weU content with-heir morning's work, therariBortofthe senior firstlieutenant if Light Batlccy * X? .(a daine ivlioBe 'creden- •tials tom too clouded to-aflmit of her reception 'or recognition . within' the' limits of a regular garrison, :: where, indeed^ to do. "him justice, Mr. Doyle never wished to bob her; or for that matter, airywhere else) betook herself to the' magnolia-shaded cottage where she dwelt beyond the pale of military interference, and some hours* later Sent 'Louette to say. to Doyle she wanted bim l and Doyle obeyed. In. punishment, in blissful possession., of ^Mr. Waringts 8itting-roqm ;aud: supplies »ow,"that Waring' was 1 absent, the liig Irishman, • was preparing to spend, the jtime in. drinMng his junior's health' tad whisky and discoursing upon the enormity ofjhis misconduct with all comers, when .Ananias entered '.'and informed him there'was'a lady below who wished, 'to see'liim,—lady' being the euphemism of the lately enfranchised for the females of their race,' Jtt.l'was 'Louette with the mandate from her mistress, a mandate he .dared not disregard.' ' ' . ' Say I'll be along in a minute,' was his reply, but he sighed and swore heavily, as he slowly roaseended the , stair. r ' Give me : another dhrink, Smut,' lie ordered Ananias, disregarding. Ferry's, (suggestion, 'Better drink 110 more till after dark.'' Then swallowing .his portion, he went lurching down the steps without another : word. Ferry and Pierce stepped to the gallery and gazed silently after him aa he veered around to the gate leading to the old war-hospital enclosure where, the, battery was quartered. Already his walk was perceptibly unsteady. .' Sleeps his head pretty well, even after his legs are gone,' said Ferry. ' Knows too much to go by the sally-port. He's sneaking out through the back gate.' , 'Why, what does lie he go .out there for, when lie has the run of Waring's sideboard?' 'Oh, didn't yon hear? She sent-for him.' 'That's it, is it? Sometimes I wonder whioh one. of those two ^vill kill the other.' ' Oh, lie wotdcln't dare. .That fellow, is an abject coward in the dark. ; He believes in ghosts, spooks, banshees, . and. wraiths,—• everything uncanny,—and she'd haunt him if he laid his hands ou her. There's only one thing that he'd be more afraid of than Bridget Doyle living, and that would be Bridget Doyle dead.' 'Why can't he get rid of her? What hold has she on him? .This thing's an infernal scandal as it stands. She's only been here a month or so, and everybody in garrison knows all about her, and these doughboys don't make any bones about chaffing us on our lady friends.' ' Well, everybody supposed he had got rid of her years ago. He shook - her when he was made first sergeant, just before the war. Why, I've heard some of the old stagers say there wasn't a finer-looking soldier in ail the regiment than Jim Doyle when he married that specimen at Brownsville. Doyle, too, supposed she was dead until after he got his commission, then she. reappeared and laid claim to him. It would have been an easy enough matter five years ago to prove she had forfeited all right, but now he can't. Then she's got some confounded hold on him, I don't know what, but it's killing the poor beggar. Good thing for the regiment, though: so let it-go.' ' Oh, I don't care a rap how soon we're rid of him or her,—the sooner the better; only I hate to hear these fellows laughing and sneering about Mrs. Doyle.' And here the young fellow hesitated. ' Ferry, you know I'm as fond, of Sam Waring as any of you. I liked him better than any man in his class when we wore the gray. When they were yearlings we were' plebes, and devilled and tormented by them most unmercifully day and night. I took to him then for his kindly, jolly ways. - No one ever knew him to say or do a cross or brutal thing. I liked him more every year, and' missed him when he'was graduated. I rejoiced when he got his transfer to us. If s because I like him so much that I hate to hear these fellows making their little flings. now.' 'Whatflings?' said Ferry. 'Well, you know as much as I do. You've heard as much, too, I haven't a doubt.' : ' Nobody's said anything about Sam Waring in my hearing that reflected on him in any way worth speaking of,' said Ferry, yet not very stoutly: 'Not on him so much, perhaps, as the world looks at this sort of thing, but on her. She's young, pretty, married to a man years her senior, a snuffy, frowzy old Frenchman. She's alone with her child and one or two servants from early morning till late evening, and with'that Veazened little monkey of a man the rest of the time. The only society she sees is the one or two cossipy. old women of both sexes who live along the levee here. The only enjoyment she has is when she can get to her mother's up in town, or run up to fite opera when she can get Lascelles to take her. That old mummy cares nothing for music and less for the dance; she loves both, and so does Waring. Monsieur le Hari goes out into the foyer between the acts to smoke his cigarette and gossip with other relics like himself. Waring.has never missed a night she happened to be there for the last. six weeks. I admit that he is there many a time she is not, but after he's had a few words with the ladies in the general's box, what becomes of himp I don't know, because I'm seldom there, but Dryden and Taggart and Jack Merton of the in- ( fantry can tell you. He is sitting by her in the D'Hervilly lodge grillee and going over the last act with her and rhapsodizing about Verdi, Bellini, , Mozart, or Gounod, — Gounod especially and the gard en-scene from Faust. - Isn't her mother with her, and, being in mourning, doesn't she have to stay in her latticed lodge instead of promenading in. the foyer and jdrinking that two-headachea-forpicayune punch ?' queried Ferry, eager for a diversion. (Tc 'BE Oowrw-mi.) The adid.tera.tion of tobacco by the use of other leaves can always be detected by the microscope^, as, in structure, the tobacco leaf varies materially from all others. France imports from the United States nearly one- half of the tobacco manufactured in the government factories. The choicest varieties of tobacco are raised along the "banks of such Cuban rivers as overflow every year. A light for a writing desk ought never to stand at the right or the left; in either place it will prove distracting. The glow ought to fall directly t on the xlesk, so if you cannot make some gas jet available -you will add ,va§tly . to your comfort - by hanging a lamp directly over your-desk. " Tobacco seeds are so minute that it is 8aitLa thimbleful will furnish enough plants for an acre of ground. • : The quality of Cuban tobacco is so fine that Mulhall says it sdls at prices varying from £200 to £800 a ton- \- ; Since the Franco -Prussian war the use of tobacco has inoreased in SVance to an extent -never before frnown. . Dry.snnffB are prepared from tobacco that lias been subjected to a . high' temperature before the leaf is ground. , . i At a recent .bazar of all nations, a clever thought was earned out, : that of showing the "tain's of day allbver the woiid. ' Above every booth a 'elbek was him^ that wasregulated to the fiour theu : passing in tie' bountry repre- "-aenle&'Wffie'BtaU.- ' ' ' ' ' 