TENNYSON'S "CROSSING THE BAR." TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,—In your full and graphic account of Lord and Lady Brassey, their voyage, and the ceremonials connected with their entry into Victoria, reference is made to the swan- song of Tennyson, and what is considered a flaw in these—the last two lines—is pointed out :— " I hope to meet my pilot face to face When I have crossed the bar." The criticism runs that "one never meets a pilot when one has crossed the bar;" he comes on board before the dangerous place is reached. To his great poetic gifts Tennyson added the faculty which many aspiring writers lack, of perseveringly amending what he had written, till all haziness of thought and inelegance of diction were removed. His admirers would reluctantly admit that at the last he was false to his ideal, and penned an imperfect metaphor sacrificing sound to sense. Can the lines in question, therefore, be explained so as to present no contra- diction? I think they can. Make the phrase "face to face" the most emphatic part of the line in which they occur. Then let "my pilot" refer, not to the Saviour, which certainly is one's first thought (though there is no warrant for the title in the Scrip- tures), but to Arthur Henry Hallam, the sub- ject of "In Memonam." A perusal of this great poem of lamentation will show that its author felt that the "ghost" (stanza xciii.) of the friend of his early life was always with him when his life's bark was among shoals and quicksands. His in- fluence in determining the poet's religious belief is clearly shown in these lines :— "But brooding o'er the dear one dead, And all he said of things divine (And dear to me as sacred wine To dying lips is all he said), I murmured as I carne along, Of comfort clasp'd in truth reveal'd." In respect to the reunion with his friend after death, we find this belief— "Eternal form shall still divide The eternal soul from all beside ; And I shall know him when we meet" It seems reasonable to assume, then, that the old poet, thinking of the life that he had lived, which was to be changed in some mysterious way when he had crossed the "bar" of death, would call this man, whom he "had held as half divine," and who had voyaged to the Heavenly haven before him, his "pilot," and would look forward with a Christian's hope to meeting him "face to face."—I am, &c.;, C.R.L. The Prahran City Council yesterday ac- cepted the tender of Mr. Denis Wadick for the lease of rents, tolls and dues arising from the general market and from hawkers in the city of Prahran for the year ending 31st Ootober 1896 at £747. In response to a petition from resident greengrocers, shop- keepers and others for a reduction in hawkers' fees from 32s to 20s per annum, it was decided that no concession be allowed. 