THE NOVELIST. SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON. Author of "Lady AudleyV Seorefc," "The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Dootor'a Wiftf," "Thou art the Man," &o.; CHAPTER IX. 80 CHEW MY OWN SMALL LIFE COMPLETE. After the incident of that September night there was no longer the shadow of doubt in Allan's mind as to the relatione between his father and the lady of Uisoombe Manor. That tbey had known eaob other and loved each other in their youth he was now fully con vinced. This last strange aot of Mrs. Wornock's was to his mind the strongest link in the chain of evidence. Whatever the rela tione between them bad been, guilty or innocent —and fondly as he loved bis father, he feared there had been guilt in that asBooiation—it was bis duty to prevent any meeting' between them, leBt the mere eight of that pale, spiritual face with its singular youthfulness of expres sion, should reawaken in his father's breast some faint ghost of the passion that had lived and died a quarter of a oentury ago. Nor did his respeot for hiB honest-minded, trustful- hearted mother permit him to tolerate the idea of friendly in terooursebet ween her and this mysterious rival from the shadow-land of vanished years. He took oare, therefore, t<£> disoourage any idea of visiting the Manor ; and he carefully avoided any further talk of Mrs. Wornock, lest his father's qloser ques tioning should bring about the disclosure of her identity. His father's manner, when the lady was 6rst diBoussed, had shown bim very olearly that the description of her gifts and fanoies ooincided with the memory of some one known in the past; but it had been also clear that neither the name of Wornock nor the lady's position at Discombe had any as sociation for Mr. Oarew. If he had known and loved her in the past, he had known and loved hen. before she married old Geoffrey Wornock. Hie anxiety upon nis lather s account was speedily set at rest, for Mr. Carew, after ex ploring iiie son's small and striotly popular library, where among rows of handsomely bound standard works there twere praotioally no books which appealed to the scholar's taste, soon wearied of unstudious ease, and announced a stern necessity for going to London, where a certain defunct Hebrew aoholar's library, lay and eocleBiastioal, was to be sold at Hodgson's. He would put up for a few days at the old-fashioned hotel whioh he had used sinoe he was an undergraduate, potter about among the bookshops, look up Borne references be wanted in the Museum reading-room, and meet his wife at Liverpool street on her way home. Lady Emily, absorbed in her son and her son's love affair, agreed moBt amiably to this arrangement. "Telegraph your day and hour for return ing when you have bought all the books you want," she said. "Iam afraid you spend more money on those dreadful old books, which nobody in Suffolk cares a straw about, than I do on my farm, which people oome to see from far and wide." " And a great nuisanoe your admirers are, Emily. I ain very glad the Suffolk people are no book-loverB; and I hope you will never hint to anybody that my books are worth seeing." "I could not say anything so untrne. Your shelves are full of horrors. Now Allan's library here is really delightful—"Black wood's Magazine," from the beginning, Maoaulay, Soott, DiokenB, Thaokeray, Bulwer, Lever, Marryat, and all of them so handsomely bound. I think my brother showed excellent taste in literature, though I doubt if he ever read much. But as you seem happier iu your library than anywhere else, I suppose one must forgive you for spending a fortune on bookB that don't in terest anybody else. And one oan't help being a little bit proud of your soholarship." And so they kissed and parted, with the im passioned kiss of marriage which has never meant more than affeotionate friendship. Lady Emily stood at the hall door while her husband drove off to the station, and then turned gaily to her son, and said— "Now, Allan, I am yours tooommand. Let me see as muoh as possible of that sweet young thing you are in love with. Shall we go and oall on her this afternoon? She has a white oat whioh .may some day provide her with kittens to distribute among her friends, and, if so, I am to have one to bring up by hand as I did Snowdrop. You remember Snow drop? Allan kissed his mother before be answered, but not for Snowdrop's sake. " I have a vague reoolleotion of something white and fluffy hanging to the skirt of your gown that I used to tread upon." "Yes. you were horrid. You very nearly killed him. Shall we go " Please, please, please, mother dearest, I am ready this instant. ThreB o'clock. We shall get there at half-past, and if we loiter I looking at white kittens or the mother of the potential kittens till half-past 4 she will give us ten, and we can make an afternoon of it." " Hadn't I better put on a bonnet, Allan ?" "No.no. You will go in your hat, just as you are. You will treat her without the slightest ceremony—treat her as your daughter. Do you know, mother, I am uncommonly glad you never honoured me with a sister." " Why, Allan ?" "Because, if I marry Suzette, ehe will be your only daughter. There will be no oto to be jealous of her, in Suffolk or here." " What a foolish fancy! Well, give me a daughter as soon as you like. I am getting old, Allan, aud your father's secluded habits leave me very often alone. His books are more his oompanions than I am" " Ah, but you know how he loves you, mother,"interrupted Allan. They were on their way to the gate by this time, Lady Emily in her travelling- hat Rnd loose tan gloves, just as she had been going about the gardens and meadows in the morn ling, Allan twirliug his stick in very gladness of heart. They wore going to her. If she wore out, they would go and find her ; at her aunt's, at the Vicarage, on the links yonder; anywhere but at Discombe. lie hoped she had not gone to Discombe. "Yes, he is fond of me, I believe, in his own way. There never was a better husband," Lady Emily answered, thoughtfully. " But I know. Allan ! I know !" "What, mother?" " I know that I was not hie first love—that there is something wanting in bis life, aud alwayBinust be till the end. I should brood over it all, perhaps, Allan, and end by making myself very unhappy, if it were not for my farm; but all those living creatures occupy my mind. One living fox terrier iB worth a whole picture gallery." Suzette was at home. The aftermath had been out in the meadow in front of Marsh House a somewhat swampy piece of ground at some seasons, bnti tolerably dryjusb nbw,l after a hot summer. Suzette and Bessie , Edgefield were tossing the soented grass in tho : afternoon sunshine, and fanaying themselves | useful haymakers. •- ThBy threw down their ; hayforks at the approach of visitors, and there was no more work done that day. They all sat in the garden talking, or wandered about among the flowers in a casual way, and while Bessie and Lady Emily were looking at the oontents of the old greenhouse Allan found himself alone with Suzette in a long gravel walk on the other aide of the lawn-like meadow, along the length of which there was a broad border filled with old - fashioned perennials that had been growing and spread: ing, and multiplying themselves for half a century. A row of old medlar and hBzel trees sheltered thia bprder from the north wind and hid the boundary fenoe. "Dear old garden!" oried Allan. "How much nicer an old garden is than a new one." "I hope you do not mean to disparage your garden at Beeohhurst. Our gardener is alwsys complaining of the old age of ail things here. Everything ie worn out. The trees, the shrubs, the frames, the greenhouse. One ought to begin again from the very beginning, he says. He would be oharm'ed with Beeohhurat, where all things are so neat and trim."" "Cockney trimness, I'm afraid, but if you are satisfied with it—if you think it not alto gether a bad garden" "I think it a delightful garden," eaid Suzette, blushing at that word "satisfied," whioh implied so much. " I am glad of that,'' said Allan, with a deep Bigh of content, as if some solemn question had been settled. "And you like my mother?" "Very much indeed. But how you skip from the garden to Lady Emily." "And yon approve of the Mandarin room ?" "It is one of the handsomest rooms I ever saw." " Then take them, Suzette," he oried eagerly, with his arm round her waist, draw ing the slim figure to his breast, holding and dominating her by foroe of will and strength of arm, smiling down at her with adoring eyes. "Have them, dearest! Mother, garden, room—they are all your own, for they belong to your very slave. They are at your feot, as I am." "Do you call thia being at my feet?" she asked, setting herself suddenly free, with a joyous laugh. " You have a very impertinent way of offering your gifts." JMot impertinent—only desperate, 1 re membered my repulse of tbe other day, and I swore to myself that I would hold you in my arms—onoe, at least, if only once, even if you were to banish me into outer darkness the next moment—and I have done it, and I am clad ! But you won't banish me, will you, Suzette? You must needs know how I love you—how long and patiently I have loved you"^— " Long ! patiently 1 Why, we only met at midsummer." "Ah, consider the age that every day on which I do not see you hi.s seemed to me," and the time would hardly oome jyithin your powers of computation. 8uzette, be merciful 1 Say you love me, were it over so little. Wore it only a love like a grain of muBtard-seed, I know it would grow into a wide and spreading tree by-and-by, and all the days of my life would bo happy under its shelter," "You would think me curiously inconsis tent if I owned to loving you after what I said the other day," faltered duzette, looking down at the flowers. " I should think you adorable." She was only serious for a moment, and then her natural gaiety prevailed, "Do you know that my aunt leotured me severely when I confessed to having refused your flattering offer?" " Did she really? How utterly sweet of her. After that you oannot refuse me again. Your aunt wouldshutyou upand feed you upon bread and water, as fathers and mothers used to do with rebellious daughters in the eighteenth century." " I hardly think Bhe would treat me quite so ferooiously for saying ' No but I think she would be pleased if I were to say 1 Yes.'" " And that means yes, my love, my own !'' he oried in a rapture so swift and sudden that he had clasped her to his breasb and snatohed the kiss of betrothal before she could oheok his impulsiveness. " You are my very own," he said, "and I am the happiest man in England. Yes, the happiest—did I say in England? What a contemptible notion! I oannot oouoeive the idea that anywhere upon this earth there beats a human heart so full of gladneBBasmine. Suzetbe, Suzette, Suzetto," he repeated tenderly with a kiss for eaoh comma. " What a whirlwind you are!" ehe roraon strated. "And what a rag yoa are making of my frock. Oh, Allan, how you have hurried me into this 1 And even now I am uot quite sure "Youare eure that I adore you! What more need my wife be eure of? Oh, ray dar ling, I have seen wedlock where no love is— only affeotion and trustfulness and kindly feeling—all the domestic virtues with love left out ! Dearest, such a union is like a pioture to the colour blind, like rausio to the stone deaf, like a landscape without Bunlight. There is nothing in this world like love, and nothing oan make up for love when love is wanting." " And nothing oan make up for love when love is wanting," repeated Suzette, suddenly serious. " Oh, Allan ! what if I am not sure? —if I doubt my own feelings ?" "Rutyou can't doubt. My dearest, I am reading the signs and tokens of love in those eloquent eyes, in those sensitive lips, while you are talking of doubt. There ia no one else, is there, Suzette?" he asked, with quick earnestness. " No one in the past whose image comes between you and me ?" " No one, no one." " In all your Indian experiences?" " No one." " Then I am more than satisfied. And now let ue go and tell my mother. She has been waiting for a daughter ever since I was born ; and, behold, at last I am giving her one, the sweetest her heart oould desire." Suzette submitted, and walked by his side in silence while he went in search of Lady Emily, whom ha finally discovered in the poultry-yard with Bessie Edgefield. Allan's elated air and Suzette'e blushes were a sufficient indication of what had happened; and when mother and eon had clasped hands and looked at eaoh other there was no need for worde. Lady Emily took the girl to her heart and kissed her. " I hope your father will be pleased, Suzette." "I don't think he will be sorry," " And I know Mrs. Mornington will be glad. Allan has her consent in advance." " Auntie is a very silly woman," said Suzette, laughingly. And then she had to endure Bessie Edgefield's congratulations, which were of the boisterous kind. " Of oourse you will let me be bridesmaid," she said, with that vulgar, praotioal view of thinge whioh wounds the sensitiveness of the newly betrothed almost as muoli m en estimate from a furniture dealer, or a circular from an insuranoe office. - 