: ; ikoRATSE. " BOOKS UP TQ-DATE. . , The book of the week, is undoubtedly,. Mr. A. Hulriio Boaman's "StambuloiT," which appears in. tho International "Public Men of tho Day" series, edited bv S. H. Joyes. It wa3- to have been published In tho autumn, hut, owing to the tragedy of July, whereby Bulgaria lost hor only statesman, Messrs. Bliss, Sands, and Fos ter -hurried' it forward, and succeeded in presenting it to the London public on August. 2. It is an admirable work, clear, suc cinct, and as impartial as tlie fact of Mr. Beaman's many years friendship . with Stambuloft could lead one to expect Indeed, before, the postscript is reached — an addition rendered necessary by tho startling news of tlie ox-Premier's ns- sassinatlon — tho author's manifest self- restraint and his desire to be just to all parties Inspire in tbe mind of the reader a : confidence in- his political acumen, as ; ; .17611 asrin, his accuracy of statement, that a more dramatic and enthusiastic treat- .ment. would possibly fall to do. Simpli- " city, naturalness, reserved force, are the keynotes throughout. . There is something positively Caesarenn .about Stambulofl's career! howsoever small the arena. Ir, "indeed, as Ibsen has It, "the greatest man is he who stands alone,", the Bulgarian patriot was great, indeed. . Alone he led revolt after revolt against Turkish oppression and brutality, alone he united tbe two Btilgnrias, alone lio defied the kidnappers of handsome aud brave but misguided Prince Alexander of Battenburg, reinstating him upon tho Bul garian throne in the very teeth of Rus sian treachery, alone he established frlend- , y relations botween bitterly opposing for ces, baffled a plot that included nearly all the pqss.ophlles in tbe State, and served loyally"; according to his lights, the very . ...Prince .Ferdinand. -who, if lie did not ab solutely connive lat his' death, showed "pretty plainly a strong desire for the downfall and subsequent disgraceful per secution of -a man, of whom one who strongly disapproved of his later acts, could say, "Son oeuvre flit si eolossale quo personne autre que lui-meme pourralt la detruire." Hero is a little scene In which Ferdinand, who is at this time plotting his once trusted Minister's ruin, cuts a sorry figure. "Upon Starahuloif's entrance," the Prince embraced him affec tionately, kissing him on both cheeks, rind Inquired after his health. After an hour or two spent in discussing current business, Stambuloif, fixing his terrible eye upon his master, said: "Your High- 'ness, I hear strange rumors in the tov,n. They say that I am to be asked to report at night, as I have been asked five times, and that your Highness, one evening, i3 to keep me late, sending word to my wife, to quiet' any uneasiness she may and would feel. Then you are to ask for my resignation, and if I do not sign It, Pet- roff, and So-and-So, and So-nnd-So (men tioning several names of those in the secret) ' are to come in armed, aud force me." The Prince burst into a torrent of de nials that If any such villainous scheme existed he was no party to it, but Stam- buloff, with a deprecating gesture, drew out a sheet of paper from his breast poc ket, and went on — "Your Highness has not learnt in seven years to know me if you think I could bo forced into signing anything. You might cut oif my hands and feet, but you could liovr compel me to do what I ricnv do voluntarily, and of my own free will. Hero Is my ' resignation, signed and un dated. Take it, and keep it by!" you, if you think it will help you. From this moment, I am no longer your Minister, and I warn you, sire, that if. you treat your new one as you have treated me, your throne is not worth a louis" Princo Ferdinand wished to continue his pro test, but Stambuloif saluted him, and walked out. Stambuloff had many faults, some great ones; for even tlie faults of such a man could hardly he mean or small. He was hard, distrustful, autocratic; and, latterly, bitter and revengeful. The torrent of abuse lie poured forth to a press representative from" Cfcrihariyr after some fresh- evidence of Ferdinand's underhand persecution, and' which led to a slashing article in the ""Frankfurter Zeltung," was both unwise and' ungenerous. One excuse only can be admitted for such an action; it was not premeditated. The many attacks upon ' Ferdinand alBO in the "Svoboda," notwith- standing the obvious fact that thoy were ' Often ' richly merited, and ' that tho "Svo- !bcdaj". Stambuloft's own organ, was de voted to national Interests, and patriotic In tone, served doubtless to exasperate Bulgarian royalty to the highest degree. But withal, Stambuloff, the innkeeper's sen, through all that chequered life, where in ho played the parts of communal school boy, tailor's apprentice, revolutionary, Nihilist, lawyer, statesman, the friend of princes and adviser of kings, stands forth — a man; and a man unselfishly patriotic. The sad details of ills assassination, which he himself foretold, are still fresh in the minds of our readers. On July 19; tlie day after" Ills death, tho "Svoboda" published the following pathetic yet fiery challenge, one of many wherein it defies the Government to prosecute: — "Who aro tlie murderers of StambuloiT? Who took the life of such a man as Bul garia will never see again? "Who lifted the yatagan against him? They, are officially unknown, but all Bul garia knows tliem. For the last seven months we have repeatedly and openly de clared that the Government was keeping the assassins of Boltcheff and Vulkovitch to murder Stambuloft. The Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. Natelievitcli, has given some of these men posts under Govern ment. and dally receives them in his bouse. 1 ' "Who has now killed Stambuloff? "Whoever struck tho blow, the moral murderers are the Prince and his Govern- ! mept who refused to let him leave Sofia, and- so gave- an opportunity to their ass assins. The blood of Bulgaria's strongest patriot cries . aloud for vengeance. Two " ' days ago the official' 'journal, tho "Mir" called upon its friends to tear the flesh from the bones of Stambuloff and Petkoff. Its .orders have been executed. "Rejoice, therefore, ye who are a dis grace to Bulgaria, criminals under an offi cial cloak! You have cut off the right band which so often saved Bulgaria and tho Prince's crown. Be. merry! for you have removed the harrier which prevented you from selling your country. "But will you ever know peace again? Never, a thousand times over, never!- "Wherever you are, In your goings out and your comings in, the blood of Stambu loff will be with you; in your homes, amongst your families, In church and in office, the shadow of " Stambuloff will follow you, and will leave you in this world never more!" Whatever tho plots and counterplots, Intrigues, and conspiracies of poor, down trodden Bulgaria, cringing, like a whipped hound, at tho teet of the nations, honest, reverential indignation speaks in these fierce outpourings. They befit the stern, indomitable spirit of the man they mourn. And (.liey point to a yet darker period in Bulgarian history, when, through the clamor of the Russophlle factions who sway it now, "dead Stambuloff" (to use til© con cluding words of Mr. Beaman's absorbing book) "may yet strike one moro blow for tho Bulgaria he loved so well." An especially good addition to the "Eng lish Men of Action" series (Macmlllan) Is "Nelson," by Professor John Knox Laugli- ' ton, who gives us, in a comparatively " short space, as much information couoern- | lng 'England's sailor-hero as, for all prac tical' purposes, we need desire to possess. Gathered from every authentic source ' available, both public and private, it is a great advunce on any memoir that lias preceded, or, one may. at this distance of ' — Aft-A " 11 . . 'i Riine sarel'y predict, is likely .to- follow" it, Of Harrison's .'.'Life of" Nelson,'"" written to order by Lady Hamilton, tlie author, not at all unexpectedly, makes very short work. It is, he.riays, "a pack of lies," produced: solely "for the purpose of magni fying the fair instigator's claims on the Go vernment, and no single statement in' it should be accepted without verification from other sources. Professor, Laughton lias the advantage in dealing with Nelson in action, of a thorough knowledge of naval masters' from a technical point of view. Tho author of "The Yellow Aster," Mrs. Mannington Caffyn, has riot made any no table advance in her last novel, "A Comedy in Spasms," which appears in' tlio cheap and convenient form of the "Zeit-Geisl" series, published by Hutchinson and Co. In common parlance, it is neither flsh, flesh, nor good red herring. One respects a good "sex problem" study when it gives the impression of genuineness. But Mrs. Caffyn cramps her real powers by a deadly fear of tlie British Matron, yet cannot honestly throw in her lot with her. She toys with the pale ghosts of her own theo ries Instead of clothing them in good healthy flesh and blood, and so 'becomes frequently" 'strained and artificial for want of depth of conviction. Nevertheless, "A domedy in Spasms" — which, by tlie way, is a very John Oliver HohbeBian title — is a '-thoroughly readable, and even brilliant, little story, — almost too brilliant, perhaps, for the heroine, Eliza beth, who, as the daughter, of a squatter, lias . spent much of lier life upon an Aus tralian station, possesses, as much know ledge of the great world as a London dowager with a flock of marriageable daughters of five seasons. She displays lier knowledge, too, in a good deal of epigram, and not a few flippant remarks on men, women, and - tilings that sound rather oddly from young Hps. still, withal, sho has the Intrinsic purity and sweetness of maidenhood; and ono regrets hor mar riage with Colonel Prynne, a man old enough to be lier father, nn(i,fich enough to supply her with the urisel'iish motive of helping lier family, who, brought up in luxury, are unable to face poverty. Tlie colonel, though InEignlficant in incites, is a fine fellow, and loves her deeply and truly, but it is tlie old story of spring and autumn over again. The- ardent young lover appears, loves, and Is loved. The scene in which he leaves, for duty's sake, the woman he adores is strong and pa thetic. Elizabeth lias developed by this time; her character has deepened and ripened by disappointment and a great deal of real self-discipline. Brit, with the going of her lover, passes all tho spring time of her youth and hope. "Elizabeth was only altered as flowers are by young ladles who thrust iron wires through their hearts. She 13 still nursing headaches and smiling gaily the weary days through, while tlie world wags on its way, tongue In cheek, and men are still sweeping the streets." The "Keynote" hooks (John Lane) rarely sink. to mediocrity; to commonness never. "Tlie Mirror of Music," by Stanley V. Makower, forwarded by Messrs! Angus and Hobertson, furnishes yet another example of their strongly-marked characteristics. It Is an imaginary sketch, in diary form, of tho inner communings of a woman and a genius, whoso incipient madness, inheri ted, with the musical passion, from an ancestress oil tlie maternal side. gradually grows more pro nounced in presentment as the book advances, finally suggesting incarcer ation In an asylum, where still .-the patient seems only to see the world through mu sic's mirror, if Incoherently. The bars of music that serve for Illustration of tbe writer's phase of feeling or emotion — snatches from Beethoven, Chopin, Men delssohn, or Schumann — give a curious realism to the ensemble. All through, Beethoven is a- delight. Such and such a musician is for cold dnvs, such for warm; one for a spring morning, ono for an autumn nlglit. They change. But Bee thoven never. He Is all comprehending. George Robertson and Co. send us "Yel low and White," -by W. Carlton. Dawe; also a late addition to "Keynotes," and an excellent one. The love of tlie while for the yellow, Tile yellow for while. Where music and laughter make mellow The long Eastern night. The love of tlie woman for man Sad love that shull mar, Of woman, man's glory and ban For such women are— Though they dwell 'neath tlie skies of Japan, Tho westernmost star! All this is expressed with feeling, pathos, and passion in these short sketches. Sir Edwin Arnold may- have given us more . highly-finished pictures than Mr. Dawe of the East he loves so well, but he has sel dom surpassed him In a certain graphic and unadorned simplicity that, like many on artistic "rough impression," strikes home where the elaborated work falls life less. Not that we would institute compari sons. Sir Edwin, in the course of a long and varied life, has presented the world with literary gems cut and uncut; and suc ceeded with both. Mr. Dawe will . do so too, If the promise of "Yellow and White" be fulfilled. We have received some now editions of works by woll-known writers this week, including three from W. Heinomann, in the neat red cloth-' with black lettering of the "Helnemann's Colonial Library" series:— "The Master," Zangwill's latest and finest work; "Out of Due Season," by Adeline Sergeant (wlio always, and deservedly, finds a large circle of readers), and William Morris's beautiful prose-poem "The Wood Beyond the World." All these have already boon noticed fully In our columns. From Messrs. Angus and Robertson come tlie "Cambridge" edition of Longfellow's com plete poems, one of the cheapest three- and-slxpenny volumes imaginable, even in a colony whero cheap volumes abound; "Cheap-Jack Zita," by Baring-Gould, in the "Methuen" series; and In "Bell's Colonial Library." "Fooled by a Woman," by Mrs. Edward Kenuard, and "In Market Overt," by James Payn. The "pocket edition" of Charles ICingsley's "Altqti Locke" lias clear, if rather small typo, and the bind ing of dark blue cloth Is In very good taste. Maemillan's paper-covered "Colonial Li brary" series Issues "Lord Stirling's Son," tho story of a threatened mesalliance, and the difficulties and complications pertaining thereto; "A Martyred- Fool," in David Christie Murray's better and more careful style; and "Neighbors of Ours," by Henry W. Novinson, previously noticed. Anthony Hope's first novel, "A Man of Mark," re- appears la "Methuens." Threo new worlcs of a theological and scientific character are "Outlines of Dog matic Theology" (Vol. 2), by Sylvester J. Hunter." of the Society of Jesus, which is published by Longmans, Green in the "Manuals of Catholic Theology" series; "How Christ Came to Church," by A. J. Gordon, D.D.; and "Tlie Life-story and tho Dream as Interpreting tbe Man," the latter subject, treated by A. T. Pierson, D.D.. being a commentary on Dr. Gordon's life and experience, including the "Spiritual Autobiography," contained <!n tlio same small volume, and published by tlio Baptist Tract and Book Society. The latest addi tion to the "International Scientific Series," published by Kegan Paul, Trench, Trutmer, and Co., is "Tho Origin of Plant Struc tures," by tlie Rev. George llenslow, M.A.. F.L.S., etc. Theso books arc forwarded by George Robertson and Co. 