SOJA-Li PSlNCESS^TEEAIMEi .THE NEW EMPIRE COMPANY. The New Empire Company was introduced i to. ft Bendigo audience at the Royal Princess Theatre last night by Messrs. Will Whitburn and-W.' Akarman under a capable manajge;'' ment,'and the rtception accorded the opening performance augurs well for a highly succosiful season. Messrs. Whitburn and Akarman iare. supported.by a company, all the members' of; which are very ciever in their own particular lines, and the whole combine to furnish an ^en tertainment which is as attractive and- interest ing as it is diveri-i6ed and pleasing. Last night the efforts of the various performers, were received with unbounded enthusiasm by a large and ap preciative audience. The conventional circle entertainment formed the first portion of the programme with Messrs. Whitburn and Horace. Copeland (tambcrinea), and Messrs. W. Akar inaH and J. Evans (tambos) as the " corner men," aud Mr. Hurry Townley as interlocutor. Of tlie many items embraced in this part of the. entertainment fiist mention must be made of that " prince of comedians," Mr. Will Whit burn, who made a great hit in his speciality. " At the Registry Office I met my Doom." and again in " 1 was Dreaming." He succeeded in' fiirly convulsing the audienco with laughter, and he was recalled time and again. Miss Lillie Octavia rendered a ballad very.nicely in deed, and Miss Elsie Goulding in a Berio-comic song entitled " Like a Lidy" scored a decided succesi. The classic solos on the mandoline bv Miss Eunice Fernandez deservedly secured an .encore. :Mr.-.Tom Bergin, an old favorite, sung the familiar ballad " In Old Madrid," in a finished manner. . Another old favorite in the person of. Mr. John Matlock, gave a very acceptable rendering of the tailing ballad Message from Her Boy." Master James Lee, a youth of 15 or 1G years, who is gifted with a remarkably fine,voice, which if carefully culti 'va'ted, is destined to make him heard of in the future,-gave a capable rendition of "The Holy City," though it wap evident he \va3 not a little nervous., A most amusing finale, entitled "The Professor," in which Messrs. Whitburn and. Akarman were the principal actors, concluded the first portion of the programme. . The Messrs; Lelliot (2^ and Buech opened the next ■part with a refined, performance ou the musical bells, and established claims to. be ranked as . rivals of the Lynch family, -Miss Pearl Akar man fairly astonished the audience .with her wonderful contortionist feats. The American trick dancing of Mr. J. Evans was exceptionally clever. Mr. Fred Garnet's vagaries and ex ceedingly clever tumbling and contortions as the " Dummy Clown," in which he alone excels, were, received with immense favor. Miss Elsie Goulding, in her descriptive song, "Convict's Return," was most- successful, aud was honored with a well merited recall. Miss Kate Towers contributed some serio-comic items which were well received. The other members of the company were also rewarded with hearty applause. The performance con cluded witlj a mirthful skit, entitled " Mel bourne's Suburban Ghost," in which Messrs.^ Whitburn and Akarman sent the audience home in great good humor. The company appear again to-night. To- morrow night there, will be an entire change of programme. 