€oxxxmnq. COURSING AT KAPUNDA. THE ANLABY STAKE. FIRST DAY'S RUNNING. [By our Special Reporter.] liie drive out to the coursing ground, about ten miles from Kapunda, was pretty cold on Tuesday morning, and owing to a couple of showers that had fallen during the night the road after we left the metal was soft and splashy with mud, ex cept in two or three places, where the horses were held in durance in veritable glue-pots. If this be a main road to anywhere something should be done by Government to mend it ; if it be only a private road it is no body's business- in particular. However, sitting behind a slashing good pa,ir of horses, tooled by the president of the club, we . got along famously, passing most tliat was visible on the road, and our destination at Clayton's was reached promptly at 9 a.m., where we fpund many others un timbered and ready for the frav. Mr. J. W. White, M.P., one of the steward's, addressed a few words to those present, advising everyone to be as orderly and quiet as possible as game might be scarce and it was the desire of the committee of the club that the meeting should be a success. Mr. M. H. Combe, in orthodox pink, assumed the saddle as honorary iudge and W. Wright, properly arrayed in a scarlet jacket as slipper, took charge of the first brace of dogs, May Queen and Justice II. The initial proceedings were any thing but encouraging, as for just a full hour the tirst paddock was traversed without a run being obtained, although several hares appeared nud got away in the distance. The result of the slip was a no-go, as both dogs were blinked, but the short run they had put their blood into hearty circulation, and they were glad enough to get out of slips.' The name dogs afterwards ran another no-go. Robina then met Duchess in a short course, in which the run up waa not worth counting, but Duchess having scored placed Robina, who did the balance of the work, in view, and gained the flag in a gruelling course, in which she injured her near hind leg. Princess and Waterloo were dispatched to a hare on the hillside, Princess leading and scoring in sight. Going over the hill Waterloo cannoned against a log and hurt himself badly, and Princess, who is only a young puppy, had the bad luck to get a grueller single-handed, sticking to her game gallantly until she killed. Quick silver was first up and placed Madge Wildfire. Exchanges followed across the creek and Madge gained the flag with a kill. Snowdrop led up and placed Orlando, who scored smartly, and exchanges occurred on the hill side, Vjut Orlando won by a couple of points with the kill. Pirraminna was first to the hare in a scrambling start with Jaeka's Beer, and seemed to have the best of the scoring on the hillside, but the hare was superior to the dogs and got well away. The judge came back and called the stewards together, stating he had not seen more than enough of the course to give an un decided, as Ins horse was not able to travel up the hill and a clump of trees inter cepted his view. When Good Hope met Sympathy it was a proof of the old adage that 'Sympathy without relief is like mustard without beef,' and Good Hope had to go a grueller single-handed until she killed. British Lion met Hibiscus with a smart and dodgy hare, and the former scored every point in view in a brilliant fashion. Hibiscus scored some xx-ints in the middle, but the Lion ended up meritoriously with a kill. Pirraminna mst Jacka's Beer for the second time. Pirra ran very wide and waited on his turns, giving the other dog a show of lobbing homo with a kill in a very indifferent encounter. Dick Swiveller did the early work, but Tim buctoo brought the hare into the crowd and killed ; Dick, however, having half-a-dozen points to the good. Laura, was quickest from slips and passed Free Gift, scoring the turn and following points. Free Gift got placed and scored a few, but Laura in a pretty working course ended with a kill and gained the flag. An interval for lunch ensued. On resuming operations amongst the high tussocks tho dogs were at a disadvantage, the first pair in being Justina and Salisbury. When slipped both unsighted, and the first to get on the line of the hare by accident was Justiua, Salisbury being some distance away. In the jumping about that occurred Salisbury caught sight and made for the hare, ?which Justiua had wrenched a couple of times. Salisbury turned puss to his opponent, who snapped it and killed. Hawthorn did the early work in what proved to be a long gruelling course, placing Rosebud in the middle, but Hawthorn went on and did the rest of the work, the hare beating both dogs and running them to a standstill. In another long gruelling course Struan II. did all the early work in sight, but on the other side of the hill Snapdragon got in and wiped oft his opponent's score, ending with a kill. Ayrshire was first up and placed Toby Jones, who rattled up a good score. Ayrshire was placed again, but Toby, not to be denied, was cleverer than his opponent, who killed himself out. To a dodging hare Millstream was first up, but puss broke back and was lost for awliile until Millstream sighted again, and working smartly placed Alfreda aud then went on with the game. The pair were lost to view in the tussocks. Honor and Alice Harrington had a no-go, and when they met again Alice won easily in a one-handed course. This finished the first round. When the First Ties were .started May Queen and Robina met. The latter was suffering from an injured leg, but was smartest up to the came, scored, and placed May Queen, who flecked the hare against a stump and placed herself again. The hare in the tussocks brought the dogs together, but Robina dashed in smartest at the finish, killed, and garnet the flag. In the longest course of the meeting Madge Wildfire was first to her game and kept possession the whole way in a grueller down to the creek, finishing with a kill and performing in the most deter mined manner ; her opponent, Princess, evi dently suffering from the effects of the grueller she had earlier in the day. In the concluding course of the day Jaeka's Beer was first from slips, led Orlando and scored a few points, after which Orlando got in and did all the rest of the work, winning easily, the course ending in a dubious light. The sun was disappearing oeyond the hill and furtive shadows were flitting around when Good Hope and British Lion were placed m slips. But luckily we were so near our camping-ground that the battle royal between these two champions was judiciously adjourned till the following morning, the parties on each side being still confident although the flag of truce was held up for the nonce. The officials were : — Patron. Mr. H. Dutton ; president, Mr. D. James. Vicepresidents Sir Jenkin Coles, Messrs. P. M. Miller, J. W. White, R. Barr Smith, J. N. Smith, D. H. Shannon, W. Oats, A. J. Foster, W. Thomas, A. Thomson, H. Jackson, J. James, D. Moody, and E. James, Dr. Glynn, and Dr. Proctor. Stewards con trolling the public — Messrs. John Moyle, J. Shakes, jun., C. J. Coles, W. Hawke, and A. Shannon- Stewards controlling beat — Messrs. J. W. White, G. Marsh, J. N. Smith, and C. H. Shakeshaft. Flag-steward, Mr. H. Fawcett; Blip-steward, Mr. A. Paterson; hon. judge, Mr. M. H. Combe; hon. secre tary, Mr. J. Murphy; slipper, Mr. W. Wright. The results were :— Axlabt Stake. Limited to 32 dogs at £2 2s , with 10s. Gd. members' fee. Winner £SQ, runner-up £15, two dogs £6 10s. each, four dogs ££ each. Hr. V. Shakes's (ns.) b 8 May Queen, Bluey — Blue- bell, after two undecideds beat Mr. H. J. Bampton's blk and w d Justice II., Justice— Hope On. Drawn injured. Mr. A. De L. Bosisto's bdl and w 8 Robina, Young Glencowie— Gift, beat Mr. J. W. White's (ns.) f and w s Duchess, Killaloe — Mermaid. Mr. D. James's r s Princess, The Duke — Eypalia, beat Mr. J. Jackett's f d Waterloo, John Bull — Speed. Mr. E. Kindler's b and w s Madge Wildfire, Justice — Hope On, beat Mr. A. R. Gasmier's b s Quicksilver, Electric — Spinner. Sir. J. P. Orchard's f d Orlando, Nutlad— Lady, beat Mr. O. Moylin's w s Snowdrop, Death — Fancy Fair. Mr. G. H. Bead's f d Jaeka's Beer, Milton— Atlanta, beat Mr. J. Cregwell's r d Pirriniimma, John Bull— Juanita. Messrs. Coles & Shannon's f 8 Good Hope, Justice — Hope On, beat Mr. R. H. Samuel's b and w 6 Sympathy, Bonus — Queencake. Mr. J. i-. Johnston's l» and w d British Lion, John Bull— Trixie, beat Mr. W. Lean's blk and w s Hibiscus, Gilbert— Rhoda. Mr. J. W. O'Brien's bdl and w d Dick Swiveller, Randwick— Sally Brass, beat Mr. A. B. Kelly's w and y a Tuubuctoo, Marley s Ghost — Needle. ..'llessrs. McDonald & Lee's blk and w s Laura, Viceroy— Kestrel, beat Mr. F. Frost's r and w d Free Gift, Ringer— Plymouth Gin. Mr. J. Murphy, sen.'s w aud blk s Justina, Justice —Hope On, beat Mr. D. Brown's r and w d Salisbury, Mozart — sister to Hope On. Mr. J. Shea's r d Hawthorn, Ormuz— Spice, beat Mr. C. H. Shakeshaft'e f s Rosebud, O.K. — sister to Steeltrap. Mr. H. Smith's bdl d Snapdragon, Milford— Flash- light, beat Mr. C. R. Scandrett's (ns.) r and blk d Struan II, King of Struan — Juno II. Mr. E. Mark's r d Toby Jones, John Ball — Pandora, beat Mr. J. McWliirter's w and blk d Ayrshire, Moss Trooper dog — Venus. Mr. A. E. Press's r and w 8 Millstream, Roebuck Laurel, beat Mr. R. H. Samuel's blk and w s Alfreda, Resurgam — Connie. Mr. A. Paterson's r a Alice Harrington, Cranbrook —Hope On, beat Mr. E. Corley's f s Honor, Justice Lady Wicklow. First Ties. Robina beat Ma3T Queen. Madge Wildfire beat Princess. Orlaudo beat Jaeka's Beer. 