THE GHOSTS OF CLOTHES. Mr. J. N. Maskelyno, tho conjurer, relates Bomu of his experiences to a writer in the " English Illustrated Msgozine " : — " Apart from mure objective illusion," lie says, " appar itions exist onlv in nuaiiinutiun. Thuurent prnuf of this is the question of clothes. If up rUfl appeared liiio some of the ' living pic tures,' apparently in the nude, one migi t ba in clined to believe in their reality. I.bclievu I wus thi. firat to siipgu-t this objection, about 30 years ago. I wkh ' av tig a iliaeussiuii with Mr Benjamin Colonial, b minim il, ' T'ne Father uf English Spiritualists,' u very nice, unliable, ami credulous eld ucntlumun. Ho wan describing a stance be had attended and where a lady saw the spirit of Iter grandfather. She hail novur seen bim in enrtli-'i'iybut recognised bim from a painting. Tin s Tit appeared in periwig, knee-breeches, an. a .rein coat with gilt but tons. 1 Then,' sain 1, ' this lady unt only saw the spirit of her grandfather, but also tbu spirit uf his green coat und gilt buttons ! ' Mr. Culeman looked at mu with rather a puzzled ex pression, I continued : 1 Do yuu really believe that there is suoh a thing an Ihe spirit of ncoati" ' No,' suid he, ' I can't think that, nud 1 can't j ucoouut'fur the appearance of the clothes, but 1 1 will ask the spiriis.' Tim old gentleman told ) me artcrivurds that lie had consulted ' Katey j King ' upon tho subject. Katuy King, us you may remember, was a very popular epiritat that , lime, so much so that she was frequently, known to have appeared at several seances at the same moment. Bhe was nl-o tho spin' who wan said to luivo carried Mrs. Guppy from Bull's Pond to Lutnb's. Conduit- street, and it wns'the ex-, posuro of this ' spirit ' which «eut pour Robert Dale Owen to a lunatio asylum. Wi II, Katey King shirked Mr. t'oletnan's question for seme time, but he persisted in having nn answer, and ut last she replied, ' Why, of course, wi materialise the clothes out of particles in the atmosphere.' This was a pc- rect'y satisfactory explanation to tbe Bpirilmil its, but even tbe most credulous tmtnbcrs at tbu Society for Psychicni Research cannot at present believi in tbe ghost of a pair of bri ecties. If they could, thoy would at once accept every night mare story us 11 spiritual visitation. Xlmt cun ning old impostor, Mdmo.Blavutaky, tried to bridge ever this difficulty by inventing till- theory that there is an ' aatial lici'y' or counter part to oven tiling in exhteuco atpl everything that 1ms oxistod. 80 tlioro must bu an astral seu-serponl, nil nslinl big gcosnb rr.y — in fact, au astral world and a astral universe." 