11 GHOSTS ' IN AEMAGH. At tho Ballybot Qaartor Seafliona (writes Q Newry correspondont, Oct. 19), a psoooao was heaid by Jqjbod M'Gaill, Oban, Saotlond, sought to recovor £10 frora Froacia F.. FoErolly, Dromintec, for domc^cs cuctainod by roocon of the defendant oot2cin/» tho barn, outhoaoop, and prumiaGo of pluint'ff and brooking cud injuiring tho Jocka and footioninnp. Tho bam woa at the roar of tho houoo hold by dojoadont fzom plomtift, and which bouao, defendant alle-»et'9 was haunted. Whilo ia noarch o(; the nhostly visitor iboy broko opon the born, which waa tho couso of actioa. iiliou Hawoatty, oiotoe of plciatiS, ia reply to Mr. Willicmsoa, B. L., oaid oho woo a aioter o£ the plaint ff, and bad often had complaints from dofend.int ao to tho houooaad bfjER beiag haunted. Defendant hod uo titlo to tho bom. Mr. Williamson — Aa a matter of fact yr.u alept in tho houao to ooo a ^host ? I Dm aot bettor of it yot. (Laughter.) Hia Honor rosaarkod that bo had olton hod tho oppo:tuaity ol hooting fjhoot odgob in th 0 pert of fcho ooursti?y. Some yocno Qf^o ho had tho opportunity of hoDi'iog a ghoot oaco at DfOGbodo, which acid gone tho Eouada of the English Pfooe. Mr, WillinEaaoa— I will boliavo ia ghosts when taoy otond aad allow ao to throw atones Hia EEoBOL1—-! would aot ask their lenveo (B-anx7od lcsghtoro) Ml5. Williamooia — Thia woman woa iavifed ovot1 £0 tho dofondant'o hoaoo to aoo tho Khosts, but whoa oho woa rocdy thoy wore aot. (Laugh ter) Thoy woro phpaical f»hoDto. But one will toll laou ova ocory. Mioo Haweatty oaid aho wdg alwnyo bothered with coraplainto feom pooplo about 0 ghost which took fcho fforna ov o polo or rod at the win dow. (Laughfar.) Sho was goinG over to eeoit ooo dcy when oho received a mofleago not fio come till flio Qost aight. Sho woat next night, and a abort timo after wardo oho hoard loud knock ing at tho front door end than at tho bock door. The daCondcnt'e wife anVod witnopo did obs hear (hot (longhtor), cod witnooo DnovvoFod that she did, bat bolievod it wqq persona fioiag to a wake. (Eenewpd laof?hf;or.) Mr. Willicrngon hers road aorao tologsama wbieh had pcesod between tho purtieo oagisged in tho cgbg, ond Hio Honor onid it aosmod to him thoy were ssoreioing ghoDtD by telegramc. Ultimately, on tho application of Mr. Johnson, defendant's oolieifcori the ogqo wos adjourned till EJOSt O0DQiOQD. 