SOCIETY'S SIS8 AND SECRECIES. If anything vere needed to show fhe rotten condition of Sydney Society, and the necessity for throwing some rays of honest light upon the impure and vicious Toryism of what is known as ' the Swell clique, the environments of the Deax case serve to amply fill the bill. Scarcely a dubious witness is summoned, but questioninff has to straightway cease for fear of the eminent names that will pan out during the scrutiny. Witnesses give wiltully false (though, perhaps, excusable) denials to allegations' against their moral character, and the penuries are suffered to pass without remon strance or remark, main y through fear of what will be the outcrop if the witness is compelled to speak the truth. Singular to say, the truth at times, the thing most dreaded and ihe last thing hoped for by those who ash these ques tions. The mysterious ' ihi.t,' for example, is within easy call, and her admissions would solve a lot : but unfor tunately there was no guarantee that she would keep her tongue bridled in other directions if once compelled to unloose it, aud the gentleman whom Rumor compels to sire her oftspring has to be very tenderly considered. Then again other very necessary witnesses d;sappear. Possibly some are abducted by the aid of golden persuasion, and others are simply scared off by the Police. With „ Pnl.ro and Detectives appear to recognise en what side their bread is buttered, and they have been fighting like Gladiators on behalf of the cause they are ordered to champion, irrespective of the great question ot Justice and Eight. There is probably not a man or woman breath ing but has some dark life-passage that he or she would prefer should not be flashed from the graveyard of the past ; and the Police, for once, seem to have displayed phenomenal activity and Satanic subtlety in rounding up all the household - skeletons within their official or inquisitorial | compass. All honor then to the generous and noble- hearted witnesses who braved the contumely of a Court bullying, and met unflinchingly the ghosts of a dead decade rather than con tribute to what appears to be the greatest and most extensive Conspiracy ever formulated in official or semi-judicial circles ! Others, more sensitive, were tortured into silence by stealthy and covert threats of the Law's Tengeance and private persecution. Then, again, the cut - and - dried tactics on all sides simply amounted to a stealthy subsidy to secret social 6in. ' Don't say a word except in answer to the questions I ask you,' pleaded the one side or the other. ' I will take it as a lasting favor if you abstain from putting So-and-So in the witness-box,' was a plea that became monotonous oy its iteration, jajia so, for aught Society cared, Dean might have had his manhood murdered and his character mined, and his liberty lost for aye, simply in order to avoid exposures that threatened the domestic peace and personal virtue of some of Society's most gilded and most exalted members. If the Law is the impartial goddess she is cracked up to be, why does Broadcloth always weigh down Hob-nail Boots in the scale of justice ? Why is Bin sweetened by the perfume of wealth and social altitude, and regarded as hideous and ugly 'when the sinner has neither money nor magnitude 1 Not withstanding the success of many scandalous suppressions, and the many subsidies to social secrecies, we venture to hope that the Commission have tolerated the obnoxious incompleteness of the inyestigation simply because they have heard enough to convince them that Dean is where he ought not to be, and where, on the contrary, a good many more exalted members of society ought to be put to rot, .in ordel to bleach out the enormities of a vitiated manhood. 