MINING, BYWONG. (from our correspondent.) Lowe, Alchin, and Co. cleaned up at Pringle's bat tery on Monday last for 28oz of retorted gold from 20 tons of seconds atone. This party are now down 60 feet with their underlay shaft reef, showing splendid gold. Giles, M'Guiness, and Co., at Doughboy Hill, are sinking. Present depth of two shafts. 30 feet each: reef about 15 inches wide, carrying at least 5oz. stone throughout. Some really magnificent specimens are being knocked out, and without a doubt if these men chose to pick the stone and prospect it they could raise 50oz or more to the ton. This applies to every trial crushing which has left this field, including Lowe and Alchin's. Giles and Co.'s New Coolgardie Reef is also looking well, with a big heap of stone of fair quality paddocked. A trial crushing of 10 tons from this claim returned a few days since loz 10 dwts of gold per ton. Robbins and Co., the Pros pector's reef, is showing good gold. T. Bodel and mate, north-east of Robbins and Co,, are driving at 50 feet reef, eighteen inches wide, carrying well defined walls, showing gold prospects from mortar very good. East, Pearson, and Co. are sinking as usual at the New Year's Gift. This claim has a great future before it, its position being second to none. Moreover, it is on a distinct line of reef. Whalen and Ernshaw, No. 1 south of Lowe and Co., are getting good prospects. J. Seymour and party at Mount Remarkable are dollying fair pros pects from their reef, which is a big and distinct UIlc, tuiu. wiij'i uwc ui uwu eJiucpiiuiis an itiix; Acciiug shows on the field are showing indications of per manence. Good accounts are coming in daily from Mac's reef. Brogan and Colson struck good gold this week in a defined reef at 20 feet depth in the old long-neglected Prospecting Claim. This is another proof of the ignoranee of quartz miners of 30 years ago, for it is an indisputable fact that Pringle, M'Cabe, and Co., the present proprietors of Mac'a reef, are now raising highly payable stone from every one of the abandoned shafts, the visible reefs in which have been simply begging for some one to come along and take possession, and right on the roadside, too, which makes the matter still more inexplicable. Pringle and Co., Bywong King mine, are raising good stone. Brady and Co , tributors at the Tunnel claim, are on stone which should return at least 5oz of gold per ton. This is about the best show at Mac's reef. Dermody and party are raising good stone from a big reef. It is the* intention of Pringle and Co. to - add five additional stampers to their three-head ' battery, and remove it at once to the Yass River, a short distance only from its present situation, as the water supply at present is not good enough. .Dick and Co. havenot yet decided whether they intend to erect their 15-head battery at Bywong. It is to be regretted that these people are so dila tory in the matter, for the want of machinery is a terrible drawback to the field. A Mr. Mooney, of Bega, contemplates erecting a battery. I think he certain. No miner upon the field means to send any more stone to be treated to Sydney, and no won der, when it costs for crushing and carriage nearly the price of one ounce of gold to every ton of stone crushed. It is a marvel, when one considers the vast sums of money speculated, and in many cases literally thrown away, on West Australia and other duffers, that some one has not spared a few hun dreds to erect at Bywong necessary machinery. We can show here to- day tons of quartz, rich in gold, on nearly every claim here, with splendid in dications of permanent reefs everywhere, and pad docked stone to the amount of 1500 tons or over. New South Wales mining speculators (if they are not all dead), please note these facts. Mr. E. W. O' Sullivan, the Bywong miners' friend, has been addressing the electors here. As he is popular and a hard, honest worker, his politi cal opponent has not the ghost of a show of sup planting him in Parliament for Queanbeyan. Rain is badly wanted on the field, but it now seems as far off as ever. Slab and iron buildings are going up in all direc tions at the main camp here, which is a good sign ; but the want of machinery keeps the field decidedly dull. ? 