THE GHOST SCARE. ' CASE AT SOUTH YARRA. ACCUSED DISOHARGED. Sydney Krrington. the young man who was arrested on Tuesday evening on suspicion of being concerned in the , suburban ghost scare, was brought be fore the J'ruhran Bench this morning, und charged with "insulting hehavlur. Sub-Inppnotor James, who appeared on behalf of the police, asked the bench to deal with the accused under section 191, sub section 2 of the Justices Act. Thin section provided that sentence could be suspended pending good be havior for a stated period. Constable J. S. Murray, of South Yftrm, slated that he arrested the ac cused in Great Duvls street, South Ymrn, In consequence of what he hud heard. He found him wearing a false red beard, a red cap, spectacles, and several pieces of sticking- plaster— all of which were produced In court. Mr II. M. Gooch (one of the Justices) : Ferbiipu the lud had met with un acci dent. Constable Murray : No. Sub-Inspector James : Was a com plaint made to you ?— Yes. Mr Gooeh : Did lit- frighten you?— No. Mr Slevwrlght (who appeared for the accused): That Is just what 1 was going to nslcf (To tho constable) : How far away were you before you came up to him? (Laughter.) Witness: I cun't answer thai. How cumo you to go near him? Witness (to the Bench): I cannot un derstand these questions. I arreuled the- mun In consequence of complaints made to inu, Mr Keogh, P.M.: Quite right. Mr Blevwrlglil: Who did he Insult? — A young lady. Was ho Insulting anybody according to this Act? (holding up n book)— Not at tho time I arrested him. Was he Insulting at any tlrao?— I saw no'lnsultlng behavior. Mr Keogh: I do not know what you want to get out of tho witness, MrSlev- wriKiu. lie iiua ntn uu m unyiniiig against your client. Sub-Inspector James: The Rev Mr Priestly, who Is present, could give the accused n good character. His father Is In poor circumstances. Mr Kvoglr.lt would he well for this young man to discontinue these pranks at night. He might meet with a man who would give him a severe thrashing. Mr Slevwrlght : He will not do It ngnln. Mr Keogh: The accused Is discharged. The Court was crowded during the heuring of the case. 