HAUNTED NEW ZEAtANDERS« ., (Fiom .N.Z. Weekly Press.) r ; Our London, correspondent sends us tu curious story about ;'f two wealthy ex-resi- ; dents of New, Zealand now occupying de-, . lightful country seatB in England,' whicli seems to- show that life is not free from i drawbacks even under such pleasant' cir cumstances; as those indicated. He has been ; specially asked not to indicate m any way . their identity, but he assures us thafi whether his informants are or are not mistaken, they have told their respective' Btoriea to him in , perfect good faith. To ; , put the matter in a sentence, these wealthy; ex-colonists are persecuted by ghosts which, haunt their mansions. In one case, we aira fcold, the uneaty spirit never became' visible;, bub manifested. his presence audibly' by tramping about a particular room and/ ; searching invisibly, but noisily, fotf; papers in an empty cupboa d opening into it'. There is a legend, of course, about a missiug will which the supernatural visito* ia'belieyed to, be anxious to bring to light.': Many people have distinctly heard the foofcr', steps and the rustling of the papers ex? , amined by the ghost, hut the closest search ?has failed to disclose any mortal explana tion. Rats naturally were suspected, but ? were. proved innocent. Emptiness reigns supreme, in the cupboard where the eearoa ? goes on. There are' no discoverable .locally. .- _ ties adjacent where, the noise could be made ' ' by ea^rchly handSi In the other case' the 'ghost' makes a visible appearance-— now and, then. It is one of a peculiarly un piaaBaujj nature, a. carriage arawn py zour horses drives up to the;main door of the mansion at a moonlight midnight. 'Thai's r . not very alarming; ?'! the reader will BajV? ' True, bat the disagreeable point is this— ' that the .driver, f potman, horses, and the inmates of ' the coach, 'all were headless,* How is that' for an ex-colonist with suscep tible nerves ? There are people living who ' swear they have seen this portent, and that ' ifc is, (al ways followed by a death in the : , house. , Very recsntly the superstition was. , , strangely' corroborated. One midnight the sound of a coach and horBes driving rapidly up to . -jthei front door was most distinctly heard. , Suddenly the coach stopped at, the door and then a servant, after a momentary pause of surprise at an arrival at so late an hour, went to the door and opened ib. There nous nothing there! The' white carriage' drive shone out clearly in the moonlight ; for a long distance both ways. . , There was ; ; no possibility of any vehicle getting out. .of;..,, siaht in the time/Others, astonished by : the servant's report that nobody wa3 at ' the door, rushed out and made an ex« tensive search. . It was result] ess. Nobody was there. Yet all had heard the sound ! Very shortly afterward a member of' the . -i' family died. Thea the old story was ferreted out, and of course created a marked impression. Our correspondent wisely .attempts, no explanation and offers no moral. It seems to us, however, that ib should be a solemn warning to wealthy New Zealanders not to be led away by the seductiveness of English country houses. 