Down the Railway Line. Jericho Jottings. FBOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. THE weather continues dry and cold. Last Tuesday " Jack Frost" made his appearance, and during the day it was very cold. Yester- day was more pleasant, being nice and warm. Trade in the stores has had a little revival this week, but it is principally booking ; very little cash. The two butchers seem to get through a good deal of beef. Mr. Jaques sends a great deal up and down the line ; but the price charged—l1/2d. all round—is not remunerative, even at the price paid for cattle—30s. per head. In the summer there is always an immense waste, as so much goes bad and is carted to the pots. When all expenses are counted there is very little left for profit. A large quantity of loading has been sent up country during the week. Ten teams have been loaded for Lorne, Northampton, Listowel Downs and Blackall. Mr. Jaques received a small mob of fat cows last Tuesday from Mr. Desmond, Edwin- stowe. The cattle were in prime condition. Mr. L. W. Jaques has been away at Delta for the last ten days mustering some fat bullocks he has there. As yet he has not returned, but I believe is expected shortly. Mr. Shaw (Messrs. Kirby Bros." represen- tative) leaves for Alpha to-day. 1 think he has milked the Jerichoites dry of their spare cash, otherwise be would have remained longer. He says he has done a fair trade, and I wish him as good success in Alpha. Seeing a crowd of cricketing enthusiasts bending over an inanimate form yesterday. I was curious enough to enquire what was the matter, when I heard that the new cricket mat had arrived. I hope the cricketers will make good use of it, roll up for practice, and get in condition for next season. On Wednesday evening, the 5th inst., Mr. C. J. James, of Western Champion fame, gave us one of his beautiful pamphengos lan tern entertainments in aid of a new Protest- ant church, in MCArdle's hall. His pro- gramme included the historical subject, " Mary, Queen of Scots," the twenty-four pictures shown conveying a very realistic idea of the rise and fall of the ill-fated Queen. The pictures of the castles were well received by the large audience, Edinburgh Castle in particular being shown perfect in every detail. Then followed "A peep at Rome." "Niagara," summer and winter, with snowstorm, brought the first part to a conclusion. After an interval of ten minutes —just long enough to get on the outside of a stiff whisky, as the evening was piercingly cold—" the Ghost in Churchyard" was shown, followed by views of the "North of England" and " Sunrise on the Matterhorn." Then came " The Funny Showman," which com- prised views of animals, birds, human beings, women and other quadrupeds, during which the lantern manipulator gave us a solo (one of his own composition), describing the scenes. I am at a loss to know whether it was a baritone, bass, tenor, or falsetto voice the tune was sung in, but it was false enough for anything. Anyhow the audience caught on and enjoyed it spiffin'. " The Tiger and the Tub," which was shown here last year, was well received by the younger end, and judging by remarks overheard, some of the older end have tied knots equally as tight as the one on the tiger's tail, yet we cannot find tubs ready made in Jericho. There was very little time for a musical programme. Dr. Shaw and Mr. Braddock sang the duets, "Minute Gun at Sea," and "Flow On Thou Shining River;" Mr. Laurie sang "Jessie's Dream": MissO'Loan, song, " Juanita Mr. Laurie and Mr. Braddock, duet, " List to the Convent Bells"; Miss Young Sing, song, " In those sweet good bygone times," which was loudly applauded ; Dr. Shaw sang " Ora Pro Nobia" in a very tasteful manner. The above, and the pamphengos man's solo as before-mentioned, was the whole of the musical programme. Miss Devitt presided at the piano. The Rev. W. Little was an effective lecturer. It is rumored in town we are to have another exhibition from Mr. James in a short time in aid of the cricket club. I understand Mr. James gives these entertainments gratis, free and for nothing— not even a long sleever is allowed, as he associates with teetotallers and parsons whilst in Jericho. Jericho, June 7tb, 1895. To-day, the 8tb inst., owing to the late arrival of several players, a single wicket match was played by the members of the Jericho C.C., married v. single, which was won by the benedicts. In the evening a match was played between full teams repre senting the above, the scores being single 67, married 28, the single men thus running out easy winners by 39 runs. T. Young scored 38 for the victors, which whs got by sound, bard hitting. 0. Skuthorpe for the benedicts, and T. Young for the singles, were the pick of the bowlers. The result of the match caused no small amount of excitement, and general satisfaction to the winners. As mentioned in my previous letter I was not the least surprised at the result, as the single men went to work with a will, and deserved, the decisive victory they achieved. Humor) says we are likely to hove another match' between the Jericho and Alpha Clubs during the present month. I hope it will be plavcAl in Jericho, if it. will stir trade up, as our profits will hardly allow a glass of " t sing lie foot" these cold nights. j Jericho, June 8th, 1805. ) 