THE PERPLEXITY OF EXISTENCE (Dr; G. Smith, in "Public Opinion.'^ Never before has the intellect of man been brought so disrectly face to face with the mystery of existence as it is now. Some veil of religious tradition has always been inter posed. At the beginning of this century most minds still rested in the Mosaic cosmo gony and the Noachic deluge, Greek specu lation was free, and its freedom-makes it an object of extreme interest to us at the present time.; But it was not intensely serious ; it was rather the intellectual amusement of a summer day in Academe beneath the whisper ing plane. No one who reads and thinks freely can doubt that the cosmogonical and historical foundations of traditional belief have been sapped by science and criticism. When the crust shall fall in ap pears to be a question of time, and the moment can hardly fail to be one of peril; not least in the United States, where educa tion is general and opinion spreads rapidly over an even field, with no barriers to arrest its sweep. Ominous symptoms already ap pear. Almost all the churches have trouble with heterodoxy and are trying clergymen for heresy. Quite as significant seems the growing tendency of the pulpit to concern it- self less with religious dogma and more with the estate of man in his present world. It is needless to say what voices of unbelief out- side the churches are heard and how high are the intellectual quarters from which they come. Christian ethics still in part retain their hold. So does the Church as a social centre and a reputed safeguard of social order. But faith in the dogmatic creed and the history is waxing faint. Ritualism itself seems to betray the need of a new stimulus, and to be in some measure an æsthetic substitute for spiritual religion. Dogmatic religion may be said to have re ceived a fatal wound three centuries ago, when the Ptolemaic system was succeeded by the Copernican and the real relation of the earth to the universe was disclosed. Dog matic religion is geocentric. It assumes that bur earth is the centre of the universe, the primary object of-divine care, and the grand theatre of divine administration; The ten dency was carried to the height of travesty when an insanely ultramontane party at Rome meditated, as, if we may believe Dr. Pusey, it did, the declaration of a hypostatic' union of the Pope and the Holy Ghost. But it was in Byzantine or medieval theosophy that the travesty had its source. The effect of the blow dealt by Copernicus was long suspended but it is fully felt now that the kingdom of science is come, and the bearings of scien- tific discovery are generally known. When daylight gives place to starlight we are tran sported from the earth to the universe, and to the thoughts which the contemplation of the universe begets. ' What is man that Thou art mindful of him?' is the question that then rises in our minds. Is it possible that so much importance as the creed imply can attach to this tiny planet and to the little drama of humanity ? We might be half in clined to think that man has taken himself too seriously, and that in the humorous part of our nature, overlooked by philosophy, is to be found the key to his mystery. The feeling is enhanced when we consider that we have no reason for believing that our senses are exhaustive, however much Science, with her telescopes, microscopos, and spectros- copes may extend their range. We cannot tell that we are not like the sightless denizens of the Mammoth Cave, unconsciously living in the midst of wonders and glories beyond our ken. Nor has the natural theology of the old school suffered from free criticism much less than revelation. Optimism of the ortho dox kind seems no longer possible. Chris tianity itself, indeed, is not optimistic. It represents the earth as cursed for man's sake, ascribing the curse to primeval sin, and the prevalence of evil in the moral world as not only great but permanent, since those who enter the gate of eternal death are many while those who enter the gate of eternal life are few. Natural theology of the optimistic school and popular religion have thus been at variance with each other. The old argu ment from design is now met with tho answer that we have nothing with which to compare this world, and therefore cannot tell whether it was possible for it to be other than it is. Mingled with the signs of order, science discloses apparent signs of disorder, miscarriage, failure, wreck, and waste. Our satellite, so far as we can see, is either a mis carriage or a wreck. Natural selection by a struggle for existence, protracted through countless ages, with the painful extinction of tho weaker members of the race, and even of whole races, is hardly the course which benevolence, such as we conceive it, com bined with omnipotence, would be expected to take. If in the case of men suffering is discipline, though this can hardly be said, when infants die or myriads are indiscrimin ately swept off by plague, in tho case of animals, which are incapable of discipline and have no future life, it can be nothing but suffering; and it often amounts to torture. Tho evil passions of men, with all the miseries and horrors which they have produced, are a part of human nature, which itself is a part of creation. Through the better parts of human nature and what there is of order, beneficence, majesty, tenderness, and beauty in the universe, a spirit is felt ap pealing to ours, and a promise seems to be conveyed. But if omnipotence, and benevolence are to meet, it must apparently be at a point at present beyond our ken. These are tho perplexities which obtrude themselves on a scientific age. Oo'R Hiohkr Destiny.—It cannot be (says " Bulwer Lytton") that our life is cast up by the ocean of oternity to float a moment upon its waves and then sink'into nothingness ! Blso why is it that tho glorious aspirations which leap like angels from tho tomple of our heart are for ever wandering about unsatis fied ? Why is it that the rainbow and tho clouds come over with a beauty that is not of earth, and then pass off, and leave us to muse upon their favoured loveliness? Wc are born for a higher destiny than that of eai th ; there is a realm where the rainbow ntver fades, I where the stars will be. spread before us like islands that slumber on I he ocean, and where tho beings that pass before us like shadows will stay in our presence for ever. 