Secrets ot tbe Xont>oit_ Streets. t all rights reserved. " - BY HARRY BLYTH, i Author ot <' Soorets of the London Squares," &c.; No. 7. LIKE A THIEF IN THE NIGIIT. B BACHELOR'S chambers in fashion- able London. Handsome Cyril So&rle;, who, though baroly thirty years of age, has grey hair, a pensive face, and deep griefful eyes, sits chatting and smoking with youngor, brighter, but nob bettor-looking Percy Rankin. " By the way," says the lattor, languidly, Mary Luckless is to be married this morning. It's deuced queer that she has remained so long on the stocks Sho must bo thirty if she's a day — an undeniable beauty and an heiress. By Jove ! if I'd have been in England she should not have held her liberty so long." " Miss Luokless is only twenty-eight," Cyril remarks, quietly. Something in his companion's tone makes Percy eye him with moreintorest. " What an ass I am," lie cries after a moment'e pause. " I had quite forgotten that you are ono of her old lovers. How was the affair broken off— I novor heard the particulars ? " Cyril takes three long draws at his cigar, and then roplies " Sho jilted rao. The whole affair went the round of the clubs, and for a time I was the host pitied man in London. If you are anxious to hear the particulars, you niayaB well have tho truth from me as a garbled account from some conscienceless gossip." " Tell mo all about it, old chappie." He pauses and studios Cyril'd face narrowly. " That is, if the recital will not give you pain. But, pshaw ! that is nut likely. You must have got your congA soon after I left for India, and that's five years ago. Who, in the name of the kind godB, ever suffered boartache eo long as that?" | The smoko comos from Cyril'e mouth in j long, slow curls. ! "On my soul," he says, earnestly, "1 ' love' Mary ns dearly to-day as I did on that I evening when, under the great trees belong- ' ing to the very man she is to wed to-day, I j wooed and won her." i Neither speak for some little time. Percy j looks almost as serious as his friend. At t last Cyril resumes, — I " I mot her first at Darlingracad's place. ' I was down there shooting. Shehad accom panied her father, who shot there regularly every season. She wus then 23 years of ago, and the marvel to everyone was that she had nob married. She was n gentle, affectionate girl, without an atom of tho flirt in her disposition. She managed to sot all lieurts aflame, and yet persistently rejected every suitor. The curious thing was that all Iter lovers were more devoted to Iter at'tor sho had rejected them than before. I have hoard more than ono say that when she pronounced the fatal sentence she did it witli tears in her eyes, and with evident reluctance and pain. They came awuy from her more sorry for her than for themselves. Like many others, I fell a victim before her beauty ; but from our first meeting she treated mo with marked cool ness. I only dared to worship her in silence and in sorrow. Ono evening, how ever, as wo were strolling beneath tho | glorious trees of Darlingmeud Park an ! unaccountable temerity seized me, and I j poured into lior cars the story of my love. I was prepared to tell her that I would ' leave her and novor see her more, for . I felt confident that my passion was a hope less one, when to my surprise she hid lior face in my breast, and confessed that sho loved me, " Thank heaven," she murmured, " that you did not ask me to be your wife two days ago, for if you had I must have refused you." I was too full of joy at thub moment to ask Iter to explain her words, but aftorwards I often pondered over tl'em. Hor father accepted me as his future son-iii-luw with cordiality. I fancy that he wus growing unxious about his daughter, mid really wanted to seo Iter married. I had expected him to throw all kinds of obstacles in our way. About a weok before the d&y; fixed for Ihu wodding I received a 'hastily written letter from Mary begging mo. to soe her without delay. 1 lost no time in going to her. She tottered rather than walked to mo as I eat in Iter father's draw ing-room. Slio was as white as death. " Good heavens, Mary 1" I cried, " what has happened to you ?" "Have mercy upon me," sho moaned, "and do not question mo, Forgive me, 'Cyril, but I can never be your wifo." Before I could catch her she fell heavily upon the floor. Her father and sumo douiesticB rushed in. They carried her to her room, and a doctor was sent for. Then 'I was told that it would be better for me not to como to die house, as the mere mention cf my name dangorously excited her, and — well, I think that's all." " Hid sho never give you any explana tion 1" " Never. I naturally expected to hear of hor murringe with a richer man directly sho recovered from the illness that followed my dismissal, and while this thought was oil me I tried to mako myself believe thub 1 hated her. But for five years shu has beon doing little more than refuse oilers ; and this fact makes me confident that 1 was not eo unceremoniously dismissed through any pique ur whim. There is n mystery some where, Peroy. The man she was to marry to-day— whose wife she must bo by this time — the old Duke of Durlingmead, is one of tho very best fellows in the world, but this vory Inst that she could love. Poor Mary, I wonder what secrot sorrow preys upon your heart " " I'm awfully sorry for you, old chappie, but if you'd take my advice you'd forget all about her. If over a womun plays me such a trick I shall have no recollection of hor existence two minutes after." Pulling out his wutoh he rises hastily, " By Jovo I I promisee' to meet Simmouds at twelve— ho wants to soil that chestnut mare of his, you know— it's nearly half-past now. See you .to-inorrow, old man." " I don't think so," says Cyril. " Didn't I tell you that I was going away? Yes, my dear boy, going away. I leave London to-night. Where am I going to? loan scarcely tell you, I want change, and I intend bo have it anywhere— everywhere." Perny expresses his amazement at this etatemont, and only regrets that he cannot etuy longer with his friend. " If it wasn't for that chestnut mare — ? Cyril, with a faint smile; silences his pro tests ; the two shake hands, utid Mr. Soarle resumes hie chair to smoke and to think. For a little time tho present fades away, and Cyril Searle lives once more in tho delicious past. Her voice -Mary's voice- again whispers sweot things to him ; his fitme encircle hor waist j ' the playful fbrocze blows the golden October leaves till Itliey kiss tho flushed -faces of the happy .ones. The old thrill is on him now ; his (heart swells within him till he is mad with .ecstasy ; sho loves him, and him alone ! ITIien the sun grows dark, and the voice (ceases ; a pale, stricken, agonised woman jstands before him ; lie turns icy cold ; it (seems as if dear life itself were leaving him, rnd he cun see no more. His face is calm, no tears fall from his leyes ; God alone knows how he suffers. ' Tho morning passes, tho afternoon oomos, jand still ho sits and dreams. Presently he I .rises and carelessly throws a few odds and Auds into a portmanteau that is already sourly full. "My lasb day hero," he mutters; "I wondor whether I shall ever see London sgaiu!" He pauses. "I should liko to eee wo old spot before I leavo England. I j fcb«uW-»lfaciAi9sszdoc--ibE'iiiv-» lust. -tjiuvi among the old troes, where first she said she loved ine, and to stand for the luRt time on that little mound where, seated together, we passed so many happy days. Bah 1" I am a sen timonlal idiot. \Y hat n ro the trocs and what is the mound to me now? Notwithstanding his words, und the bitter tone that accompanies them, tho dosire, having once found utterance, grows and grows, nnd at last musters hitn. Tliero is no difiloulty in gratifying it. The Duko of Dai'liugmoad nnd his wife are to spend their honeymoon in Italy tho papers say. Cyril lias been far too liberal a visitor to be easily , forgotten by tho Duke's servants. He will be allowed to wander about the grand old park without lot or hindrance. But he is very jealous of his grief. If ho is seen in (lie neighbourhood of the duko's mansion ut the moment, of his draco's marriage people may guoss what the emotion is that- has brought him hit . that district. So a strange fancy eeizts him. Ho will go over thoonco-lovod ground utuight; he knows overy inch of the estuto. The chances are that ho will accomplish his pur- fiose unnoticed. If ho is seen, it cannot bo lelped ; lie will, at any rate, not be inter fered with. This course will delay bis departure from England two or tlireo days, but of what consoquonco is time now to Cyril Soarle ? He is too late to-day, for the afternoon train Iiub already gone, but to-inorrow night will see him in Darlingmend Park. He stretches liiuiBelf, ynwtiB, and light ing acigur goes out. Ho feels a disinclina tion to enter his club- so many there will want to know why ho is leaving England. So lid dines at Ket, titer's daintiest ot restaurants, immortalised by Salu, beloved by Dullus ! He drinks more freely of wine than is his custom, but, though it is long past midnight when he returns to his chambers, his gait is steady and his cheek unfluKlied. Wine cannot effect him in his prcsont mood. The following night — fino, bub with heavy massos of white cloud floating every now and again across tho full moon— Imds him standing under the shadow of the leafy moimrchs of Darlingmend Park. His head his bowed upon his breast; there he stands quite motionless. A hand is laid upon his shoulder, and u rough voice rouses liirn. " Hullo ! wlmt tho— are you doing hero ?" Ho looks up. " Lor," cries tho astonished gamekeeper, " it beant Mr. Searle, it's his ghost. Thank you, sir; I'm sure it's vory kind of you. No, sir, you'ro right ; ghosts don't carry sovoreigus about 'cm— leastways I never heard o' such a thing. Suppose you've been up to tho house inquiring after her (J! race's health, sir?" " Tho Duchess I" Cyril gasps. " Why, man, she is in Italy." " Begging your pardon, sir, butsho's up in the house. Directly the ceromony was done sho gave an awful scream and fell down in a dead faint. When she was brought to she said that sho was too ill to go to Italy, and would come on here." " What a fool I was to come," Cyril mutters to himself. "If it were known that I wus lurking about here, all sorts of absurd rumours might uriso. Aloud ho adds — " I certainly thought that they worn both away. I wus enjoying a rumble among the old trees just for tbe sake of old times." " Surely, sir." "You need not mention that you have seen me, Carter." " By no meuns, sir." Again there is a jiuglo of money, and tho two men sepurate. " I must get on to the main roud as quickly as possible," Cyril says to himself. There is a short cut which runs by tho nprth wing of tho house. -I'll take it. The trees will conceal inc." He has proceeded nearly Imlf a mile in safety, when suddenly he stops. Ho hears voices quite close to him. Ho crouches among the underwood. He is compelled to listen. To his dismay tho one voice belongs to the Duchess, to tho wuman he so desperately loved ; the other is the snarl of a vindictive nnd ill-bred man. "God alone knows all tho misery you have caused me," said the Duchess, a sharp noto of agony in her tone. " When I, n weak school-girl, in a mad moment became your wife, I could not conceive it possible that there existed in tho world so cold blooded a monster as yourself. Soon after tlie ceremony wus performed you loft ine ; 1 heard nothing of you ; I did not know whether you were dead or alive. Fearing to confess tho truth to my futher, not know ing whether I was widow or wifo, living in constant terror lest you at any moment should appear and declare yourself, I suffered such agony us should soften even a harder heart than yours. When at last I obtained wlmt 1 considered to bo conclusive evidence of your death, und 1 accopted the man I loved before all tho world, whc-n 1 fluttered myself that I was at last free, und that the heavy burden I had borne for so long was about to leave mo, my t-up of happiness was dashed from me, anil your ugly shadow came again to darken my life. Felix Durand, you are u fiend !" The man chuckles, and replies in rasping tones, "That fi-llow Searlo was not rich enough for my purposo. I led you for u second lime to suppose me dead, and then you did what I all along wanted you to do — you married one of the richest met.) in England. When wo were first joined at tho nltur I made up my mind that you should bo to me only a wife in name. I would go from you, and lot- you think me dead ; then when you had marrie I wealth, I determined tlmt 1 would show myself, and shure thai, wealth. Oil, I was cunning vory, very cunning, if wo hud doclurc-d our innrriagu at the time your father would have turned you into tho streets. I should lmvo had u womun to support, instead of having one to support me. Mr. Felix Durand had not condescended In hiimlIc hlin wlinln t.i'iihli. Am a funh. Im was arrested on a charge of forgery soon after his murriago and imprisoned fur some time. It was only after stopping Mary's union with Cyril that the notnhlo thought occurred to him how he might make tilings very pleasant for himself by allowing the unhappy woman to drift into an alliance with a wealthy nobleman, Mary wus an hoiross, it iB true ; but Felix had discovered that a stroke from her father's pen might make her ponniloss, and be felt sure that if be were to ussumo his marital rights hor money would be taken from her. A low moan escapes the Duchess. " What are your terms ?" she asks. "The terms are easy -ridiculously so, An allowance of one thousand five hundred a year, und I will never trouble you ; I will never soe you again. I wiltgo right away." "Iff confess everything to the Duke ?" " In that case you are no longer recog nised as his wife. . You have to live with your own true husband— mo." She draws from him, and shudders from head to foot. „ " I could never endure the degradation," -she mutters, " and I would rather die this minufo than live with you." She wrings her hands, and the two pass ' on, till Cyril can no longer hear them. He stands up. He can see both their forms in the distance.- His face is like ono hewn out of white marble. As he watches Mr. Felix Durand there is a deadly. glitter in bis eyes. "Poor darling,1' he murmurs, "you have suffered much. God himself must have sent me here to-night to destroy that monster, nnd to release you from thegdliing chain which now b are you down." They walk farther away, bub itis wonder ful how clear his eight is to-night. Re can seo Felix Durand as distinctly as though ho wus within a yard of him. Now they part, she to find her way back to the house ; he tosneak to the main road. Cyril reaches the thoroughfare at the same time that tho Frohohraan does, but the latter is some distance in advance. " I would f-.ill him now," Cyril says, botween his teeth, " but if our bodies are found hore it will compromise her. He is going to the station, ho oontinucs, " he intends to eatoh tho mail train." The watcher and tho watched roach Lon don together in tho grey light of early morn ing. Folix Durand is tracod to a disrcput- .ntiu- uvuau-IlirLlSjuS-tvtfwt, WMI'ICO, tytll-i oarofully makes a noto of'the number, and drives to his chambors. Ho throws himself upon his bed, but does not Bleep. Ho rises when his breakfast is announced, and paeBes tho morning in writ ing lettors. "For hor sake," ho says to liimsolf, "it must appear mi uooidental quarrel in a bud house. If it wore once suspected tlmt I killed him to save her, she would bo but little1 bettor off thnn she is now." His lettors are oil In tho same strain, cheerful, chatty communications to the effect that he has ohnnged his mind, and intends remaining in England. "A good round of dissipation will reuse mo up, I think," ho says in ull of them, " at nnyrato I'm going to try it." To his mother bowritesineven boisterous spirits, but with unusual affection.- When he bus finished his correspondence lie carefully examines u onse of pistols. Tlioy appear to bo In perfoct order, and ho places them in his pocket.' He jumps into a cab, and directs tho driver to lake him to Lupus-street, l'imllcu. Arrived at his destination, ho throws the man a sovereign. " Ain't you got nothing smaller, sir?" "Keep the change," he says curtly. "I wunt Mr. Durum!." He is speaking now to the suitcy-looking drudge who has answered his ring. Tho creature leads him into a back room on tho.second Hoot Felix is lolling in an old .arm-chuit- smoking execrable tobacco. Cyril enters, closes tho door behind linn, locks the door, and places tho key in his pocket. Durand starts up nnd seizes tho boll-pull. I-Iis visitor levels a pistol at liirn, and, in clear, calm tones, suys : — "Take your hand from tlmt boll or I fire." Terrified, amazed, white, trembling, tho Frenchman lets his hand full to his side. " Who are you? What does this mean ?" ho cusps. "My tmmo is Cyril Searle, "is the answer. Durand quivers more violently. That inexorable eye is upon liirn. It fascinates him ; it makes his heart stand still. Some faint glimmering of the truth stiike8 his disordered faculties. " Aro you going to murder me?" he pants. "I am going to kill you," is the cold answer, "but yuu shall have your revenge by killing me, too. Take that othor pistol ; tbe moment you have it in your bauds I will fire. Take it, I say, or I will shoot you dead now and blow my own brains out aftei wards." Felix makes a suddon snatch at the weapon hoping to be first, but tho two bullets pass each other in the centre of the room, und both men fell back dead ! Thut night every London evening paper had on its placards : "Fatal Quarrel ij? a Disorderly House," and for a little time this dreadful tragedy was the talk of tho town. Many who read theso lines will remember the incidoutquito well. Those who knew Cyril intimutoly marvellod greatly j bo was not the man one would expect.to find in such a place. There was only one person who guessed tho truth, and this was tho Duchess uf Darlingmend. Tho keeper had told her ladyship of Cyril's presence in the park on the night procetling the tragedy, and with woman's quick instinct she realised wlmt bad followed. She is almost the richest, she is certainly the most miserable woman in the three kingdoms. Sho can never forget the time when lior scoundrelly husband came to her liko a thii-f in the night; and Cyril's image is always before her. A little plaintive voice too is, sleeping or waking, over whis pering in her eurs, "How he loved me. How he loved me." The Duke wonders why her pillow is so ufton bathed with tears, and why hor eyes are so frequently red witli weeping. tub end. 