Word From Melbourne, (PIIOM OUIl OWN OOUKMPONDBNT,) There Is always something .anmHon.1 happening In Vlutorla, If there b»p,,ln. to bo a dearth of luunlur or suicide, then boiub thing uluu trmisulrw which servos as a nub. stltutu for thu inorlild orentutas who duvuur tho press details and gloat over |U|) „,„,' stanuu. If tlHxu folk happened to sneouuter a man who hinted that hu could, if hechoso a t»lu uufold whoso lightest words would harrow up Uiulr souls, causing tholr hair to stand on uud, thuy would not ouuse pestoilun that person till they had BUueceded in draitulm, uui the facts. The man is really tho reporter who always has an importunate crowd uur! suiug htm. Tbero Is llttlu wonder tint !),|, appullto uxlstn. Look at the modem Victor Ian oalnndar nf orltne, Iteming But, then Mrs Needlu, last Booley. 1'heJ fall JS% for tho wholesale business, and bare left most blood-curdling and horrible record, be. UlUU, The name Tlphborne ha. revived again When will tho name of Tiehborno pas, from memory I It suggest* one of throe events whioh .will hardly ever be forgotteu. The details of tho cultivated case are full of tbrilllug inurest, and the lunate love for thedensatfuual will rove the caso from the limbo uf forgotteu things. T,ue, it is an historical fact, and In ihu form la which It is ro-told today bears resemblance to tho truth ; but by tho time It lms been handed down to tu« third and fourth generations tbe faots will doubtliisshuvo disappeared btifuro the charm of romance. It muit Iu duo course appear as a legend wholly devoted of truth, AprojiM of this rofuronoi) to Tlchuotne, it might be stated that a Mr Flauutirv, of Victoria, alllrms that tho real Sir Roger Tichborun died at the Oeclong Hoepital In 1854\. Tho Very Rev. Father Dunne, at pre sent residing at Albury, itisatated, heard the dying man's confession and believed him to be tbe real Kir Roger. There Is a woman now residing in New Zealand who won Inti mate with the women who attended at the bedside of tbe man when dying, lie did nul wish to give hi) name, but said if the ques evur aiosc touching his identity two rings, whiuh he gave to the attendant, would set all doubt aside. These relics, it appears, have something inscribed on them and aru stamped with a coronet, and are now stated to be in the possession of a firm of lawyers on behalf of tbe woman who originally received them. Spurgeon, who was so remarkable fur epi gram, onoe said, ' Horse-racing is a gallop ing consumption,' Of course, he really meant gambling, which has: as bad an effect morally, as consumption or rapid decline has physically. In spite of this statement and the opposition supposed to ex ist in the Church to tho racecourse, several enterprising trainers and borse- owners waited the other day on tbo Rev. Or liernu of this city. The deputation desired to place beloro the Dr for bis consideration, certain reasons for the legalisation of the toUlisator, a bill for which is now before Parliament. They stated their case in a very judicial style and claimed that the change they proposed would minimise gambling, prevent street wagering, and put an end to the credit system in bet ting, which is a decided evil ; the totalizator wonld, fact, remove most of the 111* that bet ting flesh is heir to. Dr Bevan asked, ' Would it injure horse-racing if there were no betting ,'' To this question an emphatic ' No ' waB given by the deputation, who contended that betting bad diminlsbiul in New Zealand nnd South Australia, in con sequence of the legalisation of tho totallsator In those colonies. Tho astute doctor did not commit himself to any definitcstatcment. The Idea suggested— the union of the Turf nnd Churches— is rather amusing, ami tho absence of clectlvo affinities would seem to render tho combination Impossible. 'Who's yer 'alter (' If vulgar, this phrase has certainly got age to recommend it. At one time It seemed vaguo and moan ingliw, but within tbe last few weeks revela tions have been modo in connection with the Tariff Reform debate which throw quite a now light, upon It. Hats, it appears, arc made In this colony of ' shoddy ' (shoddy, by the way, is n snrt of sin-bear.tr— It bears Ihe burden of the manufacturers' dishon esties). The ' finish ' that one admires In Ihcso hats Is hut a thin veneer of gentility ; their beauty isonlysklndecpantl soon perish et.h. It is, in fact, a mere ghost of gentility whloh tho hat gives up when it feel* thu blighting influence of the element. The duty ?-n hats in Victoria Is 85 per cont When in a humor for moralising people say 'Honesty is tho best policy.' Tho truth of this saying has been exemplified lately in Melbourne. The Abrahams (four brothers) were in business la tho city and did a big line in guns. They palmed off a lot of worthless fowling-pieces marked with tho magic words ' Greener ' and ' Hollls.' The firms upon whose ntracs they were trad ing prosecuted, obtaining heavy damages against tthc fraudulent firm. As a matter of course the partners did not stick at a lie and practically awore blaok was white. The Crown took proceedings againBt the Abra hams for perjury and they were found guilty . During the trial two of the brothers showed signs of mental aberration, and ono has since been, pronounced Insane. Two of the brothers, Alfred and Edward, were sentenced to 12 months h»rd labor, a line of £250 each, and to bo Imprisoned till payment (- inado Emanuel and Louis are In a very low state and remain to bo dealt with. As - result of tholr dishonesty those men have lost tbrlr builness, their money, their ohnraoten, thelP homes, and, In tbe cms of two, thefr mental balnnoo, A terrible retribution , truly I Another 'objectionable feature about theso coins was that tbo chief law-maker of tho Colony, tho Promlor, who Is a lawyer, wob engaged In tho dofenoo or theso law-breakers. People have not yet done talking abont tbe undignified (to put It mildly) posit on oc cupied by Mr Turner, and tbe humiliating spectacle will not be forgotten for many a loDgday. 0 