The Bomaderry Creamery. In regard to the attitude of the Shoalhaven Telegraph in this matter, we may say at once in answer to the misrepresentation of those op- posed to it, that we refuse to introduce the ele- ment of blackguardly journalism. This paper is fighting alone and single handed, and amid unreasoning prejudice and inexplicable antip- athy, a battle pregnant with momentous issue to the welfare of the staple industry of the dis- trict, and it is entitled to the sympathy and not the abuse of those who wish to see the imprisoned sunshine of prosperity flooding itself over vale and hill. We care not whether untrained newspaper edi- tors writs us down abusively or not; argument is never found in abuse, much less in misrepresen- tation. We have already marked out our course. Which is to fight this infernal agency system to the bitter end, and if the other newspapers on the coast are to join us, well and good. If not, let us hope that some of them won't make blackguards of themselves in introducing the element of personal journalism. It is necessary of course, to hurt the feelings of some in fighting any cause, and it is not surprising that a section of the farmers at Bolong have mistaken our opposition to the agency system as an attack upon themselves in their dispute with Mr. Fell. We refuse to permit it to go forth that we have taken one side or the other as between them and Mr Fell. We simply gave a statement of what each side alleged, alleging nothing ourselves, except this, that a deliberate attempt had been made to resurect the agency, agony and that that attempt would, perhaps, destroy an industry to which the people of the district should be attached. As to the dispute between Mr Fell and the farmers, we have not said a word one way or the other unless it was that a charge brought against one of the suppliers for having an unclean lid, was such that, though true, it showed that the farmer himself was not to blame. Everything else was fact, pure and undiluted, from the statement that the agents were distinctly invited by deputation to come horo, to tho signing of a guarontco by*p sup plior-s to koop ? tho in sunnlioil for twlr yoaw. '*? *,»: Ami thon wo said :— ' Tho right of tho ajjouta J ' to do tliis is boyotid nuoation— it is ibtiBinoss puro and simplo, ond wo adiniro tho wiy in which thoy rofuso to givo up tho ghost without a strugglo. But tho farmers must boar iu miud that whilo tho action of ono individual might ? a number of thorn act colloctivoly, tho district In this p-irtiouhir caso tho district ia vory much' mtoi'ostod, moro porhips from tho fact that it. .- . of Shoalhavon than for tho Io3s of tho Bomii dorry Condonsing Factory or damcigo to tho croiimory at Catnbowariu and Moroo.'' Our Wo don't coudouiii poreous— a man has a ? right to do what ho likes in this world insido tho law, but1 wo fly at tho throat of systems which are a . curso to a district's prospority, aud wo fear loa.sly criticiso thoso who count on unco . thotn, tboughVo aro fighting thoir lifo's battlo for them. - all tho sarno. This is tho unohtinging policy of tbo SliwllMvcii IWi'jru/i/i, impugn it whoso vl will. ' ''?'?. 