THE AUKANGEM 15NT3 FOR TIIE TRIAL. No furthor arrests were made on Sunday, but tho detectives arc looking for several persons who are said to lie deeply implicated in the nllegod couBpirocy. Ono of these wanted persons ia etatod to lie a young man, who is Baid to have gone to tlio chemist by whom the conlcBsion has been made, aud endeavoured to induce liim to remain Bilent. Another man, wto is believed to bo very urgently " wanted," is a person for whom it is stated a warraut in connection wuli auothor.caso is already out. Mr. Want on Saturday went to Broken Bay on a fishing expedition, and was expected to return on luesday. It is understood that the caso lor the Crown will be conducted by I t. Wade, and Sir Julian Salomons is to be called as a witness with regard to the confession alleged to havo been \--HSarto bimby Mr. Meagher. Several other leading members of tlio legal profession will probably also give evi dence. - WHAT CAUSED TUB AttlUiSTS. Sir Julian Salomons has received n larce number of letters thanking hiro for the action which he took in conncc tion with the Dean CUSP. Owing to Ihe pressure of his professional »"<> other engagements, most of tliein re mained unopened, and consequently unanswered, until he had further "ro ot his disposal. Among the letters was one which more particularly at tracted his attention. Opening it, ho found that it was from a person «lio some months ago bad a conversation with eoiuconc connected with the caso. Tho writer did not attach much im portance! to the matter a* the. time. Tho subsequent developments, however, led him to consult his solicitor, who advised liini to "rite to Sir Julian Salomons, and tell him what he It new. Sir Julian Salomons communicated tho contents of the leticr to Ihe police. It i was after this information that the Arrests wore made. THE PREMIER SURPRISED. The Premier, it would appear, was in Parramatta when the first news of the arrests reached him. Ho had reached the town by tho 5 o clock steamer, and waB quietly sauntering up the main street towards tho tram, when ho met Mr. Hugh Taylor, the late member for the town. Mr. Eeid stopped to exchange a lew words with the old parliamentary hand. This is Mr. Taylor's version of what occu Well, how are things Rotting onp" " Oh, quietly," responded the Premier, . ., "How about the Dean caso? said Mr. Taylor.-" Oh, that's all over." ?? All over f" exclaimed Mr. Taylor. " Bow can it all be over with Crick, Meagher, and Dean arreeled V' The Premier (to use Mr. Taylor s own words) was fairly staggered, and turned " as white as a ghost!' and hastening to the telegraph office, had a conversation on tho telephone. Com ing outside he immediately hailed a cab and drove to tho railway station, taking ihe 25 past 5 train to Sydney. . Melbourne, Friday.-Tim Argus end Me puWUh leading articles t.o dayeVtbe latest developments in the Dean case. The Argus says: " So many reputations are now involved that a " further investigation - the most thoropgliand searching possible is certain Jo "be made, and a discovery at any moment may cutiro y change tlie situation. One discovery-who sold the poison, and to whom-would cj.-ar j up the whole mystery. If Sir J uliau Salomons is correct, Meagher is a \ boaster, who has gradually involved : Wmself in a perilous labyrinth of . falsehood. Meagher stated that he lad jocularly told Sir Julian Salomons " that Dean was guilty *, but how could the solicitor for the defence joke upon a subject ? What opportunity there for joking? In such a con. ^Srewation Meagher has contrived lo place iiimsslf and Dean in a most .invidious position. Regarding the raUcRed ballncinatioiip, it was significant «f eobri<ar,«i judgement, and trnthful ness Shat Sir Julian Salomons had not varied in hiB statement. Unless the chemtet-*o*a»e the innocent and end a painfnl ecandal-discloses who ^ bought the TJoison, the Korth Shore traeedy. »itt »!1 its extraordinary c. suiroundinjte, roayfemain a mysteuoua and inerplicaWe crime. . The Ago says tfcatif Mr. Goddsrd ' -tras i eally told byMeagher that he Emitted Daw*"* to 6w' Sir Julian Salomons, that sulistatitintea i Sir Julian Salomons' s aicmnni, ntid throws very ftrong suspicion on Jlcaglicr'a drnial. The article is critical throughout of ihn conduct of McagHer, who, the IsHer conclude*, either acted very stupidly or worse. 