Fun and Fancy. AN EFFECTIVE RUSE. A Yankee schoolmaster, named Corn- st turned drove of cattle into the corn field of a farmer, and during the confusion which this act created in the family, ran away daughter and married her. CIRCUMSTANTIAL. "What do you know of the defendant, Mr. Thomson asked the counsel of a witness. 'Do you consider him a good musician?' 'On that point I wish to be particular replied Thomson. 'I don't wish to in- sinuate that Mr. Slopes is not a good musician. Not at all. Bat I could not help observing that after he commenced playing on the clarionet, a saw-tiler, who lived next door, left home, and has never since been heard of.' RATHER LARGE. A New York journal says :— 'A Ger- man paper gravely informs its readers that in Chicago there is an hotel having a frontage of three miles and a depth of six miles, seventy-seven stories high, where the guests wrestle with their repose to the sweet strains of six hun- dred and sixteen musicians. All of which is true except as regards the size and height of the hotel and the number of the musicians.' NO WONDER. A young lady put a piece of wedding cake under her pillow, and thought she would drown of seeing her future hus- band. That evening, however, she had eaten two plates of lobster salad, about a pint of strawberries, several sweet cakes, and two large pickles, and she now says she would rather remain single all her life than marry the man she saw in her dream. EXALTED ! A fellow boasting in company of his family , de? even his own father died in an ? situation. Some of the company looked incredulous ; an- other observed, 'I can bear testimony to the gentleman's veracity, as my father was sheriff for the county when he was hanged for horse stealing. GOOD PROSPECTS. 'How much money have you ?' said a rich old curmudgeon to a gay young fellow courting his pretty daughter. 'Oh, I haven't much of anything now, but I have a very rich prospect indeed.' The wedding occurred, and the old chap learned from his fine son-in-law that the rich prospect was the prospect of marrying his daughter. A SCRUPULOUS WITNESS. Some years since, in the Melbourne police court, a man was arraigned for assaulting. kicking, and otherwise much maltreating another individual. At the trial there was present a very conscienti- ous witness for the plaintiff, who after having sworn that he would tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, God helping him,' was asked if he saw defendant kick plaintiff. 'Well,' said he, speaking very slowly and cautiously— 'I can't say that I did ; but I saw him take his foot away three times.' A GHOST. A man saw a ghost while walking along a lonely highway at midnight. The ghost stood exactly in the middle of the road, and the wayfarer, deciding to investigate, poked at it with his um- brella. The next instant he was knocked twenty- feet into a mud hole. Moral :— Never poke an umbrella at a large white mule when its back is turned. 