"What are Things Coming To ?' TIHE FUTURE STATE REVEALED. LECTURIES BY MR. R. ROBERTS. Mr. R. Roberts, of Birmingham, England, who is connected with the Christadelphian denomination, delivered a lecture, in the School of Arts, on Sunday evening last, on the subject of "What are things coming to ?" There was a very good attendance, numbering between 300 and 400, and Mr. A. Orr presided. After de votional exercises had been engaged in, The Chairman said that it gave him great pleasure to introduce Mr. Roberts to an Ipswich audience, and he was sure that they would give him an attentive hearing. Mr. Roberts would address them on the subject of 'What is the world coming to ?" which, without going into extremes, might be called everybody's question. It was engaging the attention of thinkers throughout the world. Mr. Roberts and the members of the body which he represented believed that the God of heaven had revealed the solution of this perplexing problem to his servants the prophets of Israel. The world had come to regard the prophetic writings as little better than idle tales. That every true child of God must deplore, as the Church of God, wherever found, was, on the authority of St. Paul and others, built upon the foundation of the prophets as well as the apostles, with Jesus Christ as the chief corner-stone. Of that the apostle, in his last known letter to the be lievers, exhorted them to be mindful. Mr. Roberts had given heed to that, and he had been a reader, expounder, and defender of the Scripture for well-nigh forty years. He ought, therefore, to be thoroughly gualified to give an answer to the question on which he was to speak. Mr. Roberts said that almost every thought ful person was asking what things were coming to. The nations were arming as they had never done before; human industry was not the same as formerly. Yet the eerth was the same as ever. The harvests were more plentiful than ever before. There was more land under cul tivation than at any previous time, and yet the world was less wealthy and less hopeful. 'What was it all going to end in'? The people were becoming more numerous every year. There must come a time when they would be so numerous that it would be a question to settle as to how they were to be fed. So what were things coming to? Others who considered that they belonged to the wise and knowing ones pooh-poohed the matter. They said, '"What is the world coming to? why, it's coming to nothing in particular; the sun had always risen, and would rise; men had always been born, and would be had always died, and would die; and so on. Things would go on as they had been going." Such persons were not quite so wise as they thought themselves to be. Things had not always been as they were. If we looked far enough back, it would be found that once there were no people on the earth at all. Now see the number of inhabitants. Then, if we could look far enough forward, there must be some kind of crisis there must be a stop page; for was not the human race increasing each year, and yet the land was limited. So, then, we were here between two points--the time when them were no men on the earth, and the time when, to all appearanes, there would be too many here. It would he admitted that God had been very wise in His arrangement of small things. Consider the constitution of the atmosphere, the relation of the heavenly bodies one to another, and see the wisdom He had displayed in these things. But what were they compared with man? Had God left man to drift into chaos? The speaker then went on to show that it was generally admitted that Christ was crucified and rose from the dead, and that He was a good man. Christ, then, being a good man, spoke the truth. Alluding to the divinity of Christ, he claimed that He Whom Christ represented must be true. When Christ's opinion of the Bible must be true, and He had said that it was God's word and that it could not be broken. Further, He said, "I have come to fulfil it," and He also stated that it would all be fulfilled. Now then the question he had asked at the outset could be answered, because the Bible answered it. Turning to the book of Daniel, the speaker read, "There is a God in heaven that revealeth secrets and maketh known to King Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days." That, he said, was not the revelation, but it asserted that the things would be revealed. As further proof of his contention he read Matthew xxiv, 15--" When ye therefore shall see the abomina tion of desolation spoken of by Daniel the prophet stand in the holy place. Whosoever readeth let him understand." Most people present no doubt thought themselves disciples of Christ. If so, would they not credit the prophecy of Daniel? If they did not, they went against Christ, because He did. This was what the Apostle Peter said in regard to the question and Peter i., 21-" For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man; but holy men of God spoke as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." Some believed that the Bible was the product of human genius. It was nothing of the sort. It was a literal evolution of the mind af God by God's own good ness and power. God had stated that He would bring good out of evil that would be the finish. The Son of God had come and gone, and since then there had been strife on the earth. That only proved the prophecy to be correct, for was it not said that henceforth there shall be division? Still, that did not infer the fact that Christ's work was finished. There would be peace on earth; the plan was working towards that. There was a God in heaven 'Who revealed what there ahnsld be in the latter days. Reference was then made in detail to Daniels interpretation of the dream of Nebuohadnezzar; then, addressing his audience, Mr. Roberts said, " Now, I ask those of you .who have the least acquaintance with history to recognise how entirely that vision- that prophecy--has tbeen fulfilled." As pre dicted, the four kingdoms ruled in turn. First, the Kingdom of Babylon ruled for 200 years and perished; then the Medes and Persians held sway ,for nearly 200 years; following there was the kingdom of Greece, and after wards that of Rome; the latter lasting for about 600 years. The rule of Rome was over thrown, and the world became divided into independent states. These was Daniel's inter pretation, as given in that prophet's second book. The next would be God's Kingdom, w'hich would stand for ever. ,Christ's second coming and His,dominion over the world were foretold in Daniel vii., 13 and 14. That dominion, as stated in the latter verse, would be an everlasting one, and woulid not pass away. Christ was the Son of Man: there was no need to prove that. He came and gave His life's ransom for many, and, if we believed in Him, one must believe in His coming a second time. so back up this contention, the speaker further quoted Luke xxi., 24, and Acts iii., 24\. The question arose as to whether we got it from the prophets as to how long the times of the Gentiles would last? Could we know when the time of restoration would come ? Yes. The prophecy of Daniel in the 9th chapter stated that from the date of a certain imperial edict issued up to the crucifixion of Christ would be 498 days (and days used prophetically meant years), and It was so. There were also facts which told of the second coming of Christ, and we were living in a generation in the neighbourhood of that event. Were there any signs by which the approach of that time was indicated? Yes, and they were more numerous than time would permit him to speak upon. As foretold in St. Luke, days of desolation and perplexity would precede that period; and the present was characteristic of the times referred to by St. Luke. But there were more specific signs than those, which he could not enter into. The Revelations un doubtedly taught that these things would be revealed. In conclusion, he advised hio hearers to read and study the Bible. LAST EVENING. Last evening Mr. Roberts delivered an ad dress entitled "The Future State Revealed." Mr. A. Orr presided, and briefly introduced the lecturer, wso commenced his discourse thus: " Is there a future state, or does death end all?" That question, he said, all were bound to he interested in at one time or another. Some persons said it would be the to settle that matter just before they passed from this world into the neat. That was very unwise. There were various aniswers given to the ques tions be had asked. These were those who judged from appearances. and said, "Yes ; death does end all there is no future state." It was very unwise to thus judge. There were -many things in which we should be entirely misled by that method of judgment. Another answer was "So, death does not end all, neither does birth begin anything--we have always lived and always should live." Such a belief in the olden days was termed "the; transmigration of souls," but in modern times it was known as theosophy. Such an ansoer was based purely on human speculation and human philosophy. But man's ability to judge of such a matter was as nothing; if we accepted the teachings of Christ and the apostles, we needed to avoid phiosophy. Another answer, which was given by the great majority of the people in this country, and in England, was, "Yes, there is a future state, because: we are immortal, and we cannot die." Was that a true answer? No, it was not. The doctrine of the immortality of the soul was a Greek invention of philosophical origin. There was another answer to the question, which was the Bible one, and therefore the true one. First of all, it was that man was not immortal, but that death resulted because of sin. At some length the speaker contended that man was not immortal in his present state, and he quoted from Scripture to prove his argunients. God breathed into man the breath of life, and he became a living soul, but that did not mean that he became an immortal soul. All insects and beasts had the breath of life breathed into them. Life had many shapes, but one common origin. God made man that he might have satis faction in his existence. How, then, could snan give pleasure to God? by obedience to Him. Now, the proposition confronted them whether, when a man died, was he dead ? Yes, certainly; and, that being so, if there was to be a future state, how was it to be brought about ? Why, by that one way that Christ constantly preached when he was on earth. Christ said that it was His Father's will that He should lose nothing, but should raise all again at the last day. All that were in the graves should hear His voice and come forth--those that had done good unto the resurrection of life, and those that had done evil unto the resurrection of condemnation. There was no need of the resurrection if the .doctrine preached in the churches and chapels of to-day was cor rect. But that teashing was wrong. What was the judgment for? Was it not to see whether we were fit for life or not? That was what St. Paul said. The resurrection was the great solution of the question of the future state. Then this mortal put on im mortality, and this corruptible put on in corrupiability. What was the next stage after the resurrection ? The entering into the kingdom of those who had done the will of their Father. That kingdom was the one they had spoken of last night, when the God of heaven would set up His kingdom which would never be destroyed. If we suffered -with Christ, we should reign with him. The priests and kings would reign on the earth, for what purpose ? To bring the world to Christ. For the kings as well as the priests had to do with religious matters as well as with temporal things. For a thousand years would God and His people govern the earth with that object, and then their work would be at an end. A sufficient population to fill the earth would then be brought together, ani the people would then have immortality. The population would be fixed. There would he no more registrars certificates of births deaths, and marriages. There would be a new people and a perfect covenant. The former things would have gone, and that kingdom would last for ever. That was the future state. In conclusion he hoped that God would grant to all present a shares in it. 