THE FATAL INBEBITANCE BY HUME NISBET. Author of 'The Bushranger's Sweet heart,' 'Bail Up,' 'Eight Bills,' &c.; TSebiai. Eights Stbicxy Reserved.] CHAPTER IX.— (Continued.) 'I did not? say that I wrote the verses,' J6hn,'r replied Oliver, evasive 'Xo, Oliver, not in words; but thou did'st permit . Ruth Langly to think go. ? Good night,' and John turned liis back upon his former friend and went his own way. For the next day or two John did not turn up at Blenholm Lodge. Oli ver, however, came punctually and made up for the absence of his com panion, so that Ruth hardly missed her shy and sclent admirer. The day nfror th*- hollv had been received Paul Langly brought a present to his dau ghter; it was a birthday album, then coming into fashion, and he remarked as he gave it to her: 'Ruth, thou must get all thy friends to write their names in the spaces opposite their birth dates; then thou ?wilt know how they write. See, I have written mine already.' When Oliver came that night, all unsuspiciously, Ruth asked him to gign his name in her new book, which lie did with his best flourish. Afterwards, when she examined it, elie got a little shock; it was alto gether unlike the handwriting of the verses. This discovery she did not reveal to her father or mother— it pained her too much; and with paia she was beginning to enter upon that love-stage of concealment However, after a little sad reflection, the mist which had slightly dimmed the reflec tion of her ideal knight in her heart niirror cleared away, as she thought — 'Perhaps he is like my father, and can write a number of different hands in his cleverness.' So Oliver for the night scored another point in her admiration. After three days of battling against his infatuation poor John broke down completely, and appeared once more at Blenholm Lodge. However, this time he came by himself and later than Oliver. '?Thou must write thy name in my fcirthday book,' cried Ruth, as she saw him, and then she promptly ran away to fetch it with the pen and ink, which she placed before him, after which she went over to play to Oli ver, forgetting in her happiness all about her other visitor. John paused for a moment with the pen in his hand as if undecided whe ther* to write or not, then he looked over to where Ruth and Oliver were, she sitting at the square piano, while he leaned over her, turning the leaves of the music-book, her fair young face flushed as she looked at him with her sapphire blue eyes glowing with pleasure, while upon his olive tinted features beamed a .selfsuffl cient contentment and patronage, which became insufferable to the ach ing eyes of the jealous John. Stump also woke up. and now lay on the rug with his back to the flames, and his ugly head and lowering eyes turn ed in the direction of the youthful couple, with his hare-like cut upper lip showing his protruding front teeth as if he was leering disgustedly, in a low-bred fashion, upon the folly now going on about him. It was too much for the endurance of John; he hastily turned over the leaves until he came to his own space, and dashed in his name. Ruth was now playing the air of a hymn which Oliver (who had a rich voice just emerging 'from the break ing stage) knew how to sing well, bo he joined in, leaving John and the dog out in the cold entirely. At the beginning of the hymn Stump turned abruptly towards the fireplace and re solutely drew- the wrinkles over his bloodshot eyes, as if sick' of the whole business, where beyond a protesting twitch at his close-cropped ears he seemed to h'ave relapsed into his chro nic state of slumber. John, finding no other way of amus ing himself, Paul Langly having gone out, leaned his head upon his hand and looked for a time gloomily into the flames; after which, taking up the pen again, and seeing a good space at his command under his name, he be gan to write; then when he had done so, he blotted and closed the book, and without disturbing the engrossed pair who ignored him so completely, he stole quietly out of the door and went home to his miserable bed. That night, when Paul returned, he found his little girl asleep by the ta ble with her head upon her arms, and the birthday book lying face downwards upon the table. 'Pa-ill rttfl nrv+ i=Hc+TH»h har ft^T* o i /\\_ Jfc U-LU U*U UWb UlUbtU. U 4-.^-4. *.%««. U- lny ment, but lifted up the book instead, and read the ?writing which John had left behind him. On the top of. the page was written 'John Mann,' and under it very closely, with- some parts' 'blotted out and corrected— LOVE. -r Love lives through darkness,- not alone ?whilst lair, And sirnmy weather cheers her tranquil path; -? ?:'.'?' She thrives the . strongest, clings the closest where ' . - The wildest tempest bellow!} out its wrath. ? ' . ! Love waits not calmly In . 3ier 'shady bower, ' Safely herself, leaving her mate to roam Lonely through deserts that he might secure. After long wrestling with the world, a home. ; Love .shares the labor as She doth the rest, And lightens with her presence every mile; Helping to carry with contented breast,^ Bach cross they meet of Borrow, want, or toll. ?{.r, ~. These are the signs of love; where they . aire not, ' Fly from the love -which must perforce ? decay; For who so rich can count a cloudless lot, Or promise sunshine past the «TiinJng dly? 'Ruth, my child,' said Paul, in his deepest -and: tenderest tone, laying his hand gently upon her golden tresses; and at the loving touch she started up with .tear-stained cheeks and swol len eye-lids.- Poor little Ruth, she bad cried herself to sleep. ? 'Ah, father, father, Oliver Raymond did not write the poetry after all; it was that hateful John Mann.' 'I know it, Ruth,' answered .Paul quietly; then he took her into his strong arms and kissed her quivering lips tenderly. CHAPTER X. On the next day Mrs. Liangly took a turn for the worse. Nothing to be greatly alarmed about, the doctor told Paul, who had sat up all night beside his wife, and ? whose own medical knowledge coincided with that of the other entirely— 'avoid all shocks and ?excitements, as the heart's action is very feeble, so low indeed that she may go off at any moment; but, again, she may pick up and live for many years.' It was all uncertainty, but this un certainty kept Paul upon the rack, although he tried his hardest not to show this to the loving woman, whom he felt now that his own past had sown the fatal seed of her present trouble. The hardest rock will wear into holes under a continual dropgiug of water, and the toughest heart cor rode with the constant application of excitement and anxiety. \- Ruth had confessed her first love trouble to her mother before she went to bed— *he first shock to her trust in man; and as the prostrate woman lis tened to this childish grief, the first days of her own awakening came back fresh and stinging, as knout strokes upon her lacerated heart, so that while they mingled their tears together, lit tle did the daughter imagine' what she was doing to her mother, nor Paul either, with all his medical experi ence. After weeping out her heart's trouble, Ruth wiped her pretty eyes, feeling greatly relieved, kissed her mother fondly, loving her for her sympathy, finding only contempt in her thoughts for the meanness of Oliver, and anger against the shatterer of her ideal, and went off to sleep, too tired out even to be distnrbed by dreams, to wake up the next morning fresh, and with hard ly a pang left either of contempt or anger. She had washed the one worthless lover completely from her heart tablets, leaving the other under a cloud, but still there. Not so with her mother. All night long she lay panting like a dying bird, almost insensible to her husband's ten der care, looking upwards with glassy and sightless eyes, until, spent with her suffering, she had fallen into a state of coma, which was more like death than sleep. 'You must get an experienced hospi tal nurse,' said the doctor, after they had restored her somewhat. 'I have none I can trust enough on my list at present, but perhaps this cold- water friend of yours may have.' She recovered wonderfully before night, so that when Ruth came in after tea to relieve her father, she managed to raise a smile over her wan features to greet them both with, and ease their minds. 'I think you may go with all safety now Paul and see Raudolf Trevers about the nurse, for it is time you had someone to help you and let you have a chance of resting,' she said, quite cheerfully. So Paul went out to see William and the doctor, and keep the appointment made two chapters ago. John Mann did not call that night, but Oliver Raymond did, to be turned away at the door with the message that Ruth could not see him. He took the message comfortably, for she had not seen the book until after his de parture on the night before, so that he was all unconscious that his im plied falsehood had been discovered, and he was not troubled with sensi tive presentiments, so he just went off sedately, to pass the spare evening at a young man's mutual improvement society, of which he was an active member, being a good enough young man, with heaps of vanity and self importance, who had as yet developed no particularly vicious inclinations. Next evening, the night of the spirit seance and Chartist meeting, being Saturday, and Mary Langly still com posed and almost cheerful. Paul once more prepared to fulfil' bis promise with Dr. Trevers. 'If the nurse Gray comes while I am out, Ruth, give directions to the maid to take her to her own room, where she can arrange herself, until my return. 'She need not disturb thy mother before I see her and give her some directions respecting her duties. I shall be back as soon as possible.' 'Very well, father',' returned Ruth; and so Paul went, taking with him his strongest stick and the bulldog Stump. It was a reception night at the eso teric establishment, so that Paul found the street lined with, carriages and cabs, with the place brilliantly lighted up, and the powdered flunkeys wait ing to receive visitors. The seance was to take place in the lecture hall, a large apartment on the first floor, which was, like the uuici jjvi. i*iujjd \ri- imc uuuoc, j-va. cue; present, weir lighted up. Paul found the doctor and William in evening dress receiving the guests in the hall. The doctor was in his element, bowing, smiling, and shaking hands all round; William looking look ing exceedingly uncomfortable in his baggy trousers, low vest, and swallow tails. He had a weakness for rubies, and three large stones, like brooches, reposed upon his expansive bosom, and reflected the lights ruddily like tiny globules of rich port wine. He was leaning against the hatstand as Paul entered, as if waiting upon a chance to seize his hat and slip out, an un lighted cigar half smuggled up his sleeve. . Oh state occasions William smoked cigars, although he preferred his pipe; but here,_the doctor strictly prohibited smoking. Servants glided about in all. direc tions, with urns of boiling water and tiny china cups, which they offered to the guests instead of tea. This wa ter, as the doctor informed his visit ors, had been specially prepared, breathed upon by his electric faith healer and otherwise magnetised* so Jhat, although it tasted like ordinary 'jfigt water, its curative qualities were 'aimosf ''beyond calculation— to the be liever. Paul was astonlshea at the appear ance of the .guests, and the eagerness with which they seized upon these cups, and almost scalded themselves in : their hurry to bolt the scalding fluid. ..-.'. 'Beware, ladies and gentlemen, not to take more than one cup at a time, as they are very potent and subtle in their qualities, and may do more harm than good if too freely indulged in; also please do not blow upon them to cool them, as that wiir disturb the vitalising current. Take them as hot as you can with comfort swallow, and with an inspiration of breath, instead of at the moment of respiration,' So the doctor said solemnly, as he went from group to group, in a grave and dictatorial manner, shaking hands and giving wordy directions to the servants. The company was composed largely of weazened-faced and decrepid old ladies and gentlemen, with here and there a sprinkling of lank-bodied, pal lid-faced, lack-lustre-eyed, young men, and eccentric-looking females who nei ther appeared young nor old, they were all so ghastly as to complexion, so atte nuated as to figure, with clinging cere ments, and dishevelled tangles of hair. Paul thought as he looked round that he had never before witnessed such an extraordinary gathering of graveyard lunatics in his life as were these dis tinguished members of this new cult, over which1 the doctor presided as oracle. It was wonderful how he could have gathered them round him in so short a time, and how they were able to exist at all with such fleshless bodies. It was like a vision of the valley of resuscitated dry bones. The females particularly were so thinly clad that, with the joints protruding in all kinds of angles, it seemed as if they must have had only their dead clothes to make robes from, the faded tones of which carried out the ghastly idea of tomb- stained linen. 'William,' he remarked, as he stood beside that worthy, 'if thy af jfinity be amongst these ghosts, I fear she will not trouble thee long.' 'Don't remind me of that if thou feelest a spark of friendship for me, miserable unfortunate that I be,' groaned William, with a fleeting look of mortal agony crossing his greasy and fat but sallow countenance. 'Ha! my friend, Paul Langly, we are waiting for you, to begin,' cried the doctor, at this moment catching sight of Paul. 'Come, ladies and gentlemen, this way, and take your places.' 'Hast thou succeeded in getting the nurse. Randolf?' asked Paul, touch ing the doctor on the arm, as they entered the hall. 'Yes, yes; she will be with you to night.' 'Thank thee, my friend.' Upon the platform Paul saw a very large circular table, capable of ac commodating about three dozen sit ters, while along the body of the hall were placed other large round tames at stated intervals. Chairs had been ranged about the tables, so that as the visitors thronged in and took their seats, Paul saw the sitters take places alternately, male and female, so as to form complete circles, each one touching the other's hands. The doctor led him and William up to the platform, and invited them, wiui other favored guests, to down alternately, male and female. This arrangement he called forming a me diumistic harmony. William did not look at all happy as he took his seat nearly opposite Paul, and next but one to the oracle. He looked like a believer, but rather like one of the damned who believe, than one of the elect — that is, he be lieved with trembling. It took a good deal of shifting and dodging about before the doctor and his satellites — the mediums, trance and seer— were satisfied with the cir cles of harmony. Some of the long haired, lank individuals, male and fe male, whom Paul soon discovered to be spiritual trance and seer mediums, with body- electrifiers, declared in shrill or sepulchral voices that a dis cord was amongst them. Then with some more shifting, the discord of one table was found to be a perfect harmony at another table. So they moved about until the spirits declar ed, through their mediums, that they were satisfied with the condition of things, and would begin manifesting themselves, at which sign of appro val the gases were turned down at quarter cock. After a solemn pause, during which Paul examined his neighbors, Dr. Trevors, as the high priest, announc ed in grave tones that the spirits de Sired to be sung to while they were gathering strength. The melody which they chose was their old fa vorite, 'Shall We Gather at the Riv er.' Always a taking air, the doctor informed Paul, with the spirits. 'It was sure to fetch them if anything could.' There did not seem to be so much reverence for the 'departed friends' as Paul would have imagined. Seve ral of the people about him, -indeed, spoke with such a freedom about the expected visitors that he almost felt shocked. 'I wonder if dear old Sambo will turn up to-night,' observed one scare crow of an ancient vestal on his left, as she clutched at his hand with her skinny claw. 'He is my spirit, young man,' she explained, with a foolish simper. 'A gigantic, negro when on earth, so I call him my Sambo when he comes to comfort me. He is such an amusing fellow, with his spirit tricks.' On his right hand, and next to -the doctor, sat a dark-eyed young woman, as if in the final stage of consump tion. The trance medium she was of this table, who sat with drooping head, waiting to be taken possession of. The second from Wiuiam was the seer and faith-healer of the es tablishment, a cadaverous skeleton of about 30, with long, straight, black locks and bristly moustache; the other members being all old men and wo men visitors and patients. Evidently, if William's affinity was present she was riot yet aware of her fate, for no one hid attempted to lay claim upon him, and Paul could ob serve from his' expression that he was beginning to sit more at his ease. The haunted look which had been up on him before was giving place to his ordinary expression of torpiu gloom. He began to think that for one night he had been reprieved. After the hymn was over, the doc tor rose and went round the different tables where strangers were placed, before whom he paused in turns, touching their heads and making mes meric passes in front of their, faces. 'ft is necessary for your own safe ty,' he remarked, as he stopped at Paul, 'to keep, mafignant spirits from interfering with the good spirits who will presently be amongst us. Even now they are trooping down the lad der of light, ten myriad miles a mo ment from the higher spheres, while the evil ones are waiting at the floor.' Paul, although he thought the whole proceeding .excessively foolish, - sub mitted as the others had done to the manipulations of the doctor. For the first two or three passes he felt no sensation, but as Trevers persisted in looking upon him steadfastly, he felt a peculiar drowsiness creep over mm, while his eyelids grew heavy anid drooped over Sis eyes. 'That will do.' said the doctor, af ter about a dozen passes and a few light touches at Paul's forehead. 'Now you will be able to see what the otherst do. Are there any spirits present with us to-night?' Three loud knocks now resounded through the ball, while Paul seemed to feel the tables raised from the floor. 'They are coming, they are coming,' squeaked the ancient sybil on his left, in a girlish tone of glee. 'Ah, my Sambo, are you near me yet?' Again knocks were heard freely playing upon the different tables. 'I feel the dear fellow,' shrieked the sybil; 'he touched me just now.' 'Where?' asked Paul, interested in spite of himself at the phenomena. 'Don't be so rude, sir,' the ancient one replied, in a severe tone,. and Paul, feeling .rebuked, turned his attention to the trance medium on his right, leaving his left to her unseen spiritual lover's endearments. As he watched this girl's thin pro file, he saw, or thought that he saw, a very curious change take place. In the twilight-like luminosity of the gas globes behind, her face showed out darkly and dense, and yet as Paul gazed he distinctly observed a shadow creeping over that profile, as if a semi transparent masculine face was slowly covering her like a mask. He could see her sharp outlines distinctly enough, and yet a little beyond them, as they drooped forward, appeared other outlines, vague yet definite enough, like a shadow cast upon a sunlit wall, only in this case the shad ow appeared to be cast upon space, through which the light came, instead of upon a flat, solid surface; a more drooping nose, with the flat suggestion of a long beard and moustache, a shadow which reminded Paul of pro file pictures which he had seen of 'Our Saviour.' 'Do vou see it?' asked the doctor. touching him lightly on the shoulder. 'Yes,' murmured Paul, dreamily, trying in vain to shake off the stupor which appeared to be growing upon him. 'What is it?' 'Ask her yourself,' replied the' doc tor, with a short, sharp, grating laugh, leaving his side, and going down to another of the tables. 'What is it?' asked Paul, stretch ing out his hand to the trance medium. 'Hush! Wait a moment,' whispered the girl, putting her hand upon his and forcing his to the table again; then, after a pause, she raised her head, and spoke in a low, monotonous tone: ** \ 'I alia not what you think me to be,' she said, turning towards Paul. 'But I was a martyr, and passed away by fire. I was burnt at Smithfield during the reign of Mary, and suffer ed for the cause of Protestantism; but I did not know then what I do now, or I need not have suffered as I did. I passed into -spirit land with the bigotry of my faith about me to . re tard my progress, for what they did to me I would 'have done to them. Now these chains have fallen away, and left me free to mount upwards, as they who condemned me through faith are also doing.' It seemed to Paul a noble shadow, which gave majesty to the face which it seemed to grow from. 'Is there one or more spirits in this girl now?' Paul asked, awed in spite of himself. 'One spirit only now, although there be others waiting to take possession.' 'Is my dear Sambo amongst them?' here inquired the antique maiden on Paul's left side, getting tired of listen ing so long. 'Yes,' replied the soul of the Smith field martyr, 'Sambo am here, all alive and kicking.' Paul felt inexpressibly shocked at this flippant reply, after the past sol emn words. 'That is Sambo himself; I know his merry style,' giggled the spinster. (To be continued. The ' Chester Chronicle '' says a matter of-fact captain of one of the canal boats plying between Chester and. Eilesmere Fort called at Nantwich 'Workhouse on Friday and asked whether the master could recommend as a wife one of the female inmates in the house. He ex plained that he lost his wife about six months ago, and he badly wanted a house keeper. He said he could give the ' lady' a comfortable home in his cabin, with a prospect of her becoming his ?wife if she came up to his expectations. The officials evidentlyregarded the proposal as a serious matter for the prospective bride, and sug gested that the man should give them twenty-four hours to consider his applica tion. The following day the captain again appeared at the workhouse, and he was introduced to fifty likely candidates, one of whom, between 40 and 50, he finally selected. The couple left the house amid tbe congratulations of the inmates and a shower of old shoes and slippers. Tbe circumstance created a great deal of merri ment, end it was somewhat remarkable that of the fifty eligible women not one exhibited -any diffidence when the Object of the captain's errand was explained. The captain has given instructions to' Mr. Pooley, the relieving officer, Jdj-Ste event of the five or six weeks' PHRjgHH&being; satisfactory, to put up thgS^Kprs ' at Acton Church. It is to baEl^^^Kvindi cation of this almost mecnanj^^Httem of choosing a wife, that the^^^Hni turn out well. It is not every i^^^^Kthat is given such -advantages. * r- «^^^B.':' ?' 