Shrouded in Mystery OR. Wkb Girl Did He Marry ? By Skipp BorSase, | 1DTHOH or ' Kon T'.oe LovE'tSm 'Ihubk Lowly Dakkkf IHAS DBAttl 44 An OCEAK SECKET. '? ttcOATiLKD TO LlFB,' ' lvlCHF.6 TO buts,' ' Who Killkd Johk CaMKIION ?' M 1 HK I'OLICB KiMBTrn ' Ktc. CHAPTER L, THE EPCAI'E rrOM CliKOO HALL— WU AT h jn thb oiioonds. Lady nowarth found Luc; tb-droom door locked, bn». «s key was outside that | mattered very little, and in another miuuu j she was Stftudiog by her bedei.ls auu wins- | poring in her c«r in av^ke her ' frtthoutan- hheck. Lucy'a ft'rfit (iclaniation on awnlcentog it**, 'Oa, »-n5u:ifai stifpma.KB, -ou have Iheb tftme to me afi you promised, but Lai} ilowarth marie auBn'i r, ?? I've cc-me to jou, Luc.r, to ask ^oq 'o get up and take a walk with me, and to do so at ones.' 'To take a wait ia tbo middle ot tne Iligbt?' '? No, dear, very early tto.tiic morr.icg, iu order to see tkcfln^. rifei. behold Low red i!l» 65*0 hltx-a I} .' TUe'uct was tho light from the couflagra :ion from the north wing at that instant tillxl th-j chamber with a rosy glow, reveal ing ever* thing that was therein ristincily, and b;. it Lucy at o^ce peicvived, in l-art, the cried ecstaticallj, 'you have ?till your piett. dress on, or ratht r marly oft', a'rsd jou look more lovely thau evir,' ' The red feuu is a flat'.er« r then, dear,' sighed Ruth, and sue went huriiedly to Luc\ 'b eupbr-ard, opened it, and taking out a luosu cloak hastily threw ft over her shoul dej-sauu fastened U adown the front. Thin laming again towards the girl, who by this time was out of bed, shetaid, ' Drees quickly , dear, and mver mind how you put -m your thiegs, for no one will see ue, and 5 want io give -ous treat.' j Tbe crjzid girl ol-^ywl *ai instinctively, j hut her putlog cil her clothes diJ uot keep I pace v-ith ijaty Howarth's impatience, so ehc thrust her bare arms out of thearmholes in the 6idi£ of the clonk and actively assisted her. The eager hnste almos' Unified and wholly puzzled Lucy, who, however, readily yielded to it. Tutting on her hat and outdoor jacket last of all, she took ht-r by tho. hand aud led her out of tbe bedroom into the gallery » ' What is that odd eouu-i, acd this strange smelt 1 My u,» eft smart, and there u.-cma to be something haupened to that- door,' ex c'ai.Ted Lucy, pointing to the one of the north wicg. Lady Howarth glanced *c?rardB it, and pcrceivtd that the wan Uisteiing inw hubbies, wh»**» V?*.re buretiug itli a succes sion i if » Aj\itu:curl cf flame was also shooting through i ha kc.» bole, like au adder's tongue, and puffs cf wl.itc smoke were issuing from und.-riit-ath. ' It's i.iTth^ii;, tlear,' sail F.uth, who had a vafrjc kind of notion that it wae dangerous for Lucy to be sigitated or excited, aud so gcntl.-. tlghlcei-jg her hoLi on htr hand she got her iiownetans r.aJ into the great hall. llere Fareon Deltas came Siag^eriog out of the didng-room, with his wig all awr.i , ana | suckit.g vigorously aw^y at ti»e stem of a i tobacco pip'- wl.us-i bowl \va6 gone. I ' Uad « xiuipU1— demmed Lai example,' this hard --r-drinkicg, aud profane 6Weariug — d-.-ni it, 1 cin t count'oance it an; longer, a diBziuc. to my ci^th,' he waa stammering as he lurched about. I Then su ldinle pvTc iving lluth and Lucy, 1 he straightened himself up with a great effort, aid (.xcluimml with the gravity of an uh.1, 'Going to tak : walk to get appetite | i lor brcf.kia&t;, la 'ies ? Goad thing buakfaet t upon sapper.' 'Oh, sir,' whisjered Lady Howarth io his ear, '? The hall is on lire— warn them all, I date not l.ave Lucy. Give tho alarm in stantl;., you — the hall is on lire, 1 say.' 'Jhubt ki', my lady, very good. Felt chilly, fhupt os.!. Cheerful thiii^, good tire, when out wiOUirg bjtecidllji — jus' bo— yefl,M blandly lcplicd the parson. Then Le wit. -:owj» on ihe Boor, r-- eted bis hi»d against a column, took (If bit; cauli tlower wig, laid it inverted on his lu.p, aud so.rned to be prcpatiug himself for the worst. At this moment a tremendous chorus came from the iduing-room, and at the same moment a footman issued forth therefrom, carrying a great hamper full ol cmptr bottles. ' Wiiliam,' gai^ Lad; Howar:h, rtCOgols ing bim, tvad glad to pciciive that he at all wenUi 7&B; sober, ' Tne hall ii in flames, lo & Very few seconds low the conflagration must roach the galhry. Warn thirn all in stantly ol ih-rir danger, and tell Sir Harry that 1 and Mies Lacy are safe at the lodge. Be sure and say ihnt.'' i Aui having said it bersrlf she drew Lucy on again, for neither did she diBire to face Sir Harry while all her recent terrible memories were bo fresh npon her, nor did she wish his daughter to look upon him in the degraded condition that he would be sure to be ii. Lucy tn»dc so resistance, and, her step mother op'-ning the front door, they were b on hurrying through the ground, Kuth usiug i-vi:ry endeavur to keep Lucy's gaze fixed in front cf th' in, bo that she should not be tcriitii'd by the now awful aspect of the conflagration If Bhu could only get her unresistingly along as iai' as the lo^gc at the Clcgg Hail latie entrance to the estate, she would leave her there, the thought, and return to the house to jeirn how matters Wire goiug on. Meanwhile the girl uad drawn Uuth's bare aroi out cf the uiruho.e of the sleeveless cljak, and wiih her check laid lovingly againBt it and her arm thrust up within tne orifice and r. siing on the toft smooth 6uuuli?cr, she vtall; -i tranquilly onasthuogh her eon tact wit n i he !-? autiful limb t xercihid a ec-otbing spell ov- r her. SuiMeniy. hjwev. r. her firigers felt some thing thav c£us-:d h- r 10 thrill. She came to a full bared Ruth's arm cntirelv, beheld, by the red li^ht which the contiagtation tnr. w c\'.n lo that distance, the sir.tuge brand t-r bum that was therein, anii iristautl;. 6-:i' he . uui You are a wi-hr* wolf, aaci have biL'U^ht me here to devour me ! Dame Dorothy told me the. truih about, vou,'' f.u ' wr'.-.c:n,:t; ii r h-vnd out of her prvF-.TVe: b fcm: u» i ssnneutvig »o auy liu h, of course, instantly darted after her, not knowing what terrible tiling might happen io the poor girl if the got away lrom her. Uut she h? i not taken halC-a-doz' n steps when a couple of bands were laia on her bhoulders. twitting her runnu until fbt fae-j'i a. \?.\\\ mm in e xU- '. Lr.t and a lot.g eioiU, wr.u \v..ro ;i lil.i.-k nalf-i.ittnic uiion hirj facv, nn 1 i.vjluiuud luei'tily— ??Wn.iv are you ^iag to my pretty mni.] ? Alu-v ^ ith your liue i, I'm airaiw 1 Tun in-- ]-.o:joi- this ib l.iud et you coming to me intteriii of obliging me to eoiue to uu. And di i ; ou ejl tire to the old ghost, ro ? aud will \cu bo glad to return to tho edit ions and jo..s o£ civilisAtwn ? Ecod, the ilam:ti ..ie as !;rigiit aK a Mariaud barm-rou l»u«iiiij.i)iiug Sunday, and will light us far Tlieu oa* his removing hiB maek and re vealing hie face liuth oiscovcred that she was onee again in the power of JJa.eamus Greenwood ? [TO DL CONTINOEO NEXT SATUnDAY.'l 