PUBLIC MEETING. SYNODAL ADDRESS. A well-attended public meeting was held in the church last night. After singing and prayer, the Rev W, Shaw, chairman of the district, delivered the annual Synodal address. He said there fell to his lot the duty of delivering an address summing up the work of God in Southern Tasmania in connection with the Wesleyan Methodist Church for the year ending September, 1895. That was a new thing. By request of the District Synod held that day he was there at the suggestion of one of their minlaton, and Mr doing of this work was really out of re- spect to the judgment of those who had spoken to him on the matter, and because the idea fell in with his own convictions. As a young minister, though not exactly a young man, he would have regarded it as an act of presumption to have taken up a work of this kind if he had not the advice and help of his brethren in the work of the ministry. It was thought that such an address should be delivered every year after the District Synod, and that was especially necessary in Tasmania, where the Conference only assembled once in 30 years, or there- abouts. He would have been glad if it had fallen to the lot of Fathers Ironside or Cope, or some other senior minister. Yet he regarded his position, as chairman of the district, as a high and honoured one especially so because of his comparative youth, and he entered the work at Launceston with great trepidation and concern, but he desires, ny uous iniiJ, to carry it out to the fullest and most perfect degree. As Methodist people they sought to co-operate with all Churches which " hold the Head that la, who recognised the headship of Jesus Christ. With them they willingly united and co-operated in spreading the kingdom of Him who was King as well as Saviour. A King because He was a Saviour, and a Saviour because He was a King. Towards all those who loved the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity their hearts beat true, and to them they extended the right hand of fellowship, and expected the same from them. One of their mottoes i was, "The friends of all, the enemies of none." They could not, however, compromise with infidelity, with unfairness, in any form, with unscriptural teaching or unscriptural practices ; but with all who hold Christ as the head their hearts beat true, and they extended the right hand of fellowship, sympathy, and help to them. There was a history in connection with that Melville-street Church. Its beginning took them back almost to the beginning of Methodism, which was not yet 900 years old, and whose founder had been dead only a little over 100 years. Yet the largest section of the Protestant Church in the world to-day was the Methodist. Did they know that it had a Church membership of not less than six millions t Did they know that the adherents throughout the world ran up to nearly thirty millions 7 They were to the front as a Protestant community, and to use another classical Methodist phrase, they might say " What hath God wrought ?" By a consecrated, earnest people, by loyalty to Christ and, to conscience, they had done their work in the world, and God had highly honoured them. If in a hundred years God had thus used til-3 intenseeurnestuess and consecrated for), what mighty resale may follow the efforts of the next hundred years? God grant that they might be true to their tradi- tions, and to the God who had enabled them to take these traditions. But they were not all aware of their strength as Australian Methodists. Taking in their South Sea missions they had 194.0 members, cate- churches and members on the sale and omitting the catechumens they had 93,274 full members, and the adherents numbered 469,671 nearly half a million adherents. They numbered 2,717 churches, 264 parsonages, U colleges, 378 schoolrooms, 2,002 other preach- ing places that is, they used almost 5,000 public buildings in connection with their Sunday Services. Think of the strength of their working staff. They had through out the world 42,000 carefully-selected and trained ministers, and those who have read Mr. Wesley's "Twelve rules for a helper" would know how great were the requirements in connection with that office, in the Australasian General Conference they have 645 ministers, In Tasmania alone, with its small population of about 150,000, they had a membership of 2,645, and ad- Charente to the number of 16,824, and 31 ministers. Now, as to their work in Southern Tasmania that was. all Tasmania south of Campbell Town. Within that area they had 762 members of the society, and about 6,000 adherents to the Wesleyan Methodist Church. They had to work the whole of the area with 12 ministers or missionary agents. He just gave these figures to enable them to get hold of it were possible to do so by means of figures the strength of the work. But what did these figures represent 7 Buildings,, people, and nothing more? They represented an intense, holy, blessed activity for God and immortal souls. God had been pleased through the year to give them some measure of success. If the Methodist Church were not a soul saving Church its mission was almost at an end. If anything stirred Methodist men and women or Methodist ministers it was to see some one stand up and say he gave his heart to Jesus, and took him to be his Saviour and Lord. That sight stirred the heart, warmed the blood, and increased the fiery fervour in their souls. They thanked God that during the year souls had been saved, and gave God glory that the membership of the Church had advanced 69 over what it was last year, even after all the removal from the colony which had affected them so much. On the most unprejudiced testimony-that of the head of another denomination they had it that the Methodist Church in this land was more than holding its own, not only with the population, but with every other Christian denomination in the colony. At a matter of fact while in every other church, save one, the number had drifted back, the Wesleyan had gone ahead in this colony to the extent of 12 per cent, of the population. Some of the churches in this land I were buildingtbeirstrength upon organisation I UPON their priestly assumptions and sneered- I realism, and sometimes the Wesleyans asked I would they be able to hold their own against the unwearying energy of those who were pressing into every corner of the island ? Yet, their faith stood not in the power of man, but in that of God, and they had no need to fear any weakening of the Church if they held fast to their solid methods in apostolic spirit, inspired by apostolic faith. The Methodist Church had not been built up by organisation, but by the Holy Ghost. The grand total of their income for the year had been, so far as collected, £2,822, and the prayers of all were desired that the work might be more and more successful. Other addresses were given on " The devout life " by the Rev. S. J. Sullings, of New Norfolk, and D. B. Bridgwood. The meeting then closed. 