SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY? BX Skipp Boblask, Author of " For True Love's Sake," " Thies Lovely Women," " Darker than Death,""An Ocean Secret," "Recalled to Life," "Riches to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron "The Police Minister,"&c.; CHAPTER LXXXV. nabkates how Lior HOWAara was sesocko BT HER HPSBAND AND THE FINHXB. Jim Nuttall hadn't the slightest wish to linger on the way, for he was fearful of recognition aud rearrest. For the same reason he esobewed the main thoroughfares and induced the Baronet to cross the river by the Wishing Stones instead of by the bridge, though ground was rather lost than gained by the prooesding. When some five minutes later the Baronet noticed in what direction they were proceeding, he said to Nuttall— " We've turned up the bridle-road leading to Manchester. We are going towards Ghost Lane. What is that for ?" Because we are going to the haunted Nunnery," replied the pinner shortly. What? Is she there, then, after all? Yet no, it oannot be." Sir Harry uttered the first seven words in acoents of surprise, and the last five in tones of incredulity, but Jim Nuttall made answer, She's there, and yet a long way from there, could even take you to her by a muoh shorter cut, and without going near the Nunnery at all, but then I've got to think of the best way of getting at her even more than of the quickest plan of getting near her;" and aeroeiving that the old pinner was taking a tind of pleasure ia being Sphinx- like and mysterious. Sir Harry forebore from questioning him further. At last the gloomy and half-ruinous old house was reached, and fishing the front door key out of his breeches pooket the pinner hurriedly inserted it in the look. A minute later they were inside the deserted mansion, and the door was securely looked behind them. Then Nuttall heaved a sigh of apparently intense relief and satisfaction, thereafter exclaiming— " Now if I'd bnt a pot of sIron7 old Ootober ale, I'm blest if I wouldn't forestall myooming fortune by giving a guinea for it." " Yon shonld have thought of the ale whilst ooming along, and when twopenos would have procured the very best," said the Baronet. " Coming along I thought a deal too muoh about my thousand pounds to risk the loss of a single moment on the way. 'Taint mash more thananhouragothatlesoapedfromthe Watch, who were hauling me along in' the direotion of Packer-street and the Flying — - — Horse on the charge of trespass, and id I know not what else." Well, well, never mind abontall that now. Take me as quickly as possible to my poor wife. That is to say if you really can." Trust me for that. Come along, and yon shall be with her in next to no time. I know of something that'll do the business finely, aad our four artaB will be none too few to work it eitber. It's.that that I've had in my mind's eye all the way along." With this more than (ever incomprehensible utterance the pinner led the way to the secret chamber, and pointed to the hole that may be said to have formed its aaly artisle of furniture, and the rope that hung adown it. "That's the way," said he, "and I'm going down first in order to give you oonfidenoe. First, however, we want a lighted oandle to ornament each of our hats with, for, you sea, we must have our hands at liberty. There's one, and kindled in a second, too, for mine's a stunning flint and steel. Stick it in your, hatband and hare goes number two into mine. Now, in another minute I'll be at the bottom of the bottomless hole, whioh isn't more than twenty yards deep at the most, and even part of that ia above ground and only in the thiokness of the briok wall, and if then wasn't once an easier way of getting down it than thera is at present, why I'm preciously mistaken." The conclusion of this speeoh oame np out •f the apparent depth profound^ and in a minute later Jim shouted np it:— then, hare I be on what the sohollardt call terry firmer onae more. Don't be afeared. Sir Harry, for it's all plain sailing, and I'm holding the rope steady at the bottom.". All right," responded the Baronet, and then down he went into the yawning gulf in turn, and directly he had landed on the earth floor of the subterranean underneath be exclaimed " But where is she "Help me to carry this long plank," re joined Nuttall, pointing to the one which Haloamus Greenwood had slid down the almost precipitous incline upon a former occasion which the reader will doubtless remember. It's to ding down the door of her prison with," he added, "for there are doors, ay«, and strong ones too, even down here. If thera hadn't been I'd have go: at her and brought her out myself, for I'm very sure that I oould have trueted to your honour's honour about tbe reward t ' Of course you oould," responded the Baronet curtly, and then they went on and on in silence, carrying the plank between them, until they reached the Tempi arV Chapel. ' Now that's th • barrier we have got to knock down," said Jim Nuttall, pointing towards the mildew and fungus covered door. There is the keyhole which I spoke to her and she answered me back through. It's to be hoped that tbe hinges and the staples ate corroded and rott&n;, for then a Bwing or two of thiB plank will about do the business ; but if they aren't, then we've some preoious stiff work cut out for us." " Speak to her through the keyhole again," rejoined the Baronet nervously. "Tell her that you have come to resoue hsr, and not to be frightened at the noise that you're about to make." " Why don't you tell ber so yourself?" asked the pinner in considerable surprise. " Beoause I don't want her to know that I am here. There are matters between us—but there, there, you need not be told about them '—so I beseech you to do what I have asked of you without further question." • Jim Nuttall immediately complied »J putting his mouth to the keyhole and shouting through it:— " Did you think I nfts never ooming baok? Well, here I bs, two hours aad a half later than I promised : but I suppose it's bettor late than never. I've got a mate with me and a big board, and the two of us are going to thump the door down; so please to stand olear of it, my gal—my lady, I mean—for fear that it Bhould fall inwards and give you an ugly knock." In answer to these words of mingled comfort and warning there oame from within a thrill cry of thankfulness and joy, whioh stimulated the two men to at once lay hold of tbe board again and commence swinging it batteringram fashion against ths door. Bang—bsng—bang ! It had little effeot at first, and its wielders had begnn to fear that it would have none, when suddenly, before a blow only a little more powerful than the pre - ceding ones, the door suddenly oollapsed and fell crashing inwards, revealing in an inBtant of time the dumpy Norman pillars, the low vaulted roof, and tho sculptured tombs with their hideous phosphoresoent-seeming transparencies of the Templars' Chapel. On the top of one of these monuments, and at the orossed feet of the stone knight who lay reonmbent thereon, twinkled an almost expiring fragment of candle, and standing beside it, with pallid face, parted lips, and wildly longing eyes, was Ruth Howartb, leaning for support on the cold hard marble, than whieh her oonntenanoe was still whiter. At the pitiful sight Sir Harry oonld restrain himself no longer, and with a glad ary he rushed past the pinner aad clasped her in , his armB, exolaiming tbe whili " Ruth, my wife, I know all and I forgive you! Your sister Rose—Rose, I say, has explained everything, and convinced me that you were far more sinned against than sinning in everything that you either said or did. I am oome to take you home-?-yeea home—as well as, I hope, to oomfort and to happiness." "No, no," wailed out Rntb, to bis infinite surprise, " Home with yon would mean Dame Dorothy over again—Dame Dorothy who - murdered your first wife, and tempted your mad daughter to murder me, your second, by telling her that I was a wehr-wolf and ought to be killed. She was to feel for nsy heart against my naked side with oie band, then thrust a bodkin or a scusocs into it with the other. No, far rather would I remain and perish in this awful place than I would live in a palace if its roof also sheltered Dame Dorothy. " And yet what am I talking about?" continued Roth, passing the baok of her hand across her 'eyes aB though to collect ber scattered faculties. "What am I talking and thinking about? for the old hag—thedeoeitful and murderous old hag—was burnt to death in the North Wing. Her skirts caught fire just as she was on the point of murdering me, sod with the same dagger that she slaw your first, wife with—the one that was thrust almost out of sight under the old oak bureau in her bedroom—the bureau with the hideous oarvad figures all blood-stained. Aye, she boasted that she bad done it, and oh, with what fiendish glee. But aa she is no more—as ahe has met her well deserved fate, I will go with yon—yes, I will go with thankfulness and joy, and I thank you from my heart for forgiving and forgetting so much." She took her hnsband'a arm as she oonoluded, and he at onoe turned round towards Jim Nuttall, and perceiving from bis wideopen mouth and borror-filled eyes that be bad overheard everything wbioh Ruth bad eo unguardedly uttered, he, unperoeived by bar, tapped his forehead significantly with the forefinger of his disengaged band, in order to intimate to the pinner that her sufferings had. affected ber reason, though be didn't believe it for a single instant himself; or, at all events, be bad jumped to the conclusion that there was " muoh reason in enoh madness," aa well as that reason, pare and aimple, would return to ber almost as soon aa she waa in the midst of pleasant and cheerful surroundings. As for the pinner, his thoughts took th* exaot impression that the Baronet had hoped they would as the result of his qniok, pantomimic action, and mattering half aloud " Poor lady, poor lady ?" he at onoe began to raok his brains oonoerning the best and easiest method of returning to the upper world. He knew that by no possibility would the* be able to get the resoued girl up through the reputed bottomless pit into the haunted Nunnery, for the rope was not strong enough to bear two, and she certainly would be inoapable ot olimbing it alone. But the trap door leading np to tbe Viper's Hols and the ruinous castle keep? Ah, that was a very different matter, for it wasn't more than soma ei^htrfeet above the floor oftbs subterranean pawaga, so that Sir Harry oould lift the lady np ia his arms quite high enough for him (Jim} to get a good firm grip of hsr from above, after he had ascended first, and having pulled her up through the orifioe he oould next give the Baronet ionic' substantial assistance towards effeotisg tha ascent also. \- Explaining the faots of their position, aad the deduotions that be had drawn therefrom to Sir Harry, he oordially agreed with them, and the consequence was that they ware carried most eucowsfolly into effect; bat at the necessarily similar description of a twice recorded feat would assuredly be laoking in interest, we need merely state hen that considerably nnder an hoar from the tuna of her being resoued out of the Templars' Chapel, Lady Howarth waa surrounded by every possible luxury and oomfort at Lisbon Hall, her husband's temporary abode, aad that it was by that time sufficiently evident that horror and suffering had neither robbed her of her reason nor even to any great axten* injured or impaired her health. 