Another "Spook" Scare. A week 'or two ago we were startled by the strange tales regarding the conduct of a certain " spook " in the Singleton district. Not to be behindhand in the hunt, Morpeth has now raised one of the shadowy gentlemen (reports the Mainland paper). It appears that two gentlemen, whose words can cer tainly be depended on, were proceeding to their homes after coming from Maitland by the train whioh arrives at Morpeth at about 7.20 in the evening. Their way led them down the road towards the Hinton punt, which they have had to and do travel at all times, and especially about the time men tioned above. There are no houses on either side of the road from the corner to the punt, and after going about 100 yards past the former place-strange freak of fate !-the talk turned to the subject of ghosts. One asked the other if he believed in such pheno mena, and, after a few general remarks on the subject, expressed a wish to make the acquaintance of one. No sooner had the words gone paBt the lips that an indescrib able shape arose, as it were, from the gutter, and gliding across the road just in front of them with noiseless movements, disappeared -in the darkness on the other side. The friends did not run-they were incapable of it, for reasons better imagined than explained. , They managed to get away from the spot, however, and one of the participants in the adventure declared that the shape was about three feet high, and white with' black rings on it. ,' He also deblares that he made a kick at it, but his foot went past it into empty space. Be that as it may, when he reached the ferry, go rumor (and the puntman) say, he was very white and could scarcely speak, and now is very cautious when he has occasion to pass the spot. Strange as it may appear, there was an old man injured at this very spot some four or five years ago. 1 He was riding a horse, and a mail coach coming behind him either struck or frightened his horse, so that the animal jumped against a telegraph post and threw or fell upon him, breaking his thigh. He was taken to the Maitland Hospital, and, after being in the institution some seven or eight weeks, was just beginning to knook about again, when he fell and broke hisi thigh a second time. Some few days before the accident a man named Asmussen was riding along (the victim of the above accident, strange to say, wa3 his com panion) when his horse went over the bridge, and he received such injuries that he died about forty-eight hours later at the Hunter River Steam Packet Inn, whither he was removed. It will therefore be seen that there is some slight grounds for the feelings of those, superstitiously inclined, to work upon. 