BREVITIES. Fbom the latest English files to band we take tbe following interesting items Tbe Tsar, unlike his fatber, ventures out unattended. Two days before his marriage he and the Princess Alls walked out togetber in St. Petereburg, and made some purchases at a glove-sbop. Tbe sprigs of myrtle carried by the Princess in ber bridal booquet were from an Im mense bush at Oaborne wbloh grew from tbe spray taken from the Empress Fre derick's wedding bouquet 36 years ago. Slnoe tbat date the sprigs for all tbe royal wedding bouquets bave come from thlB same bush. Princess Alix, like pri vlous Russian Imperial brides, on her wedding morn, was adorned for tbe oere montal before a gorgeous toilet table, left centuries ago for tbat special purpose by a former Empress. Tbe looking- glass bas a frame of massive gold, and stands on a table of polished gold. Dr. Hubert Parry bas been appointed to euocned Sir George Grove as Director of tbe Royal College of Music. Rubinstein was buried at St. Peters burg, witb great pomp, at the expense of tbe State. The official report of tbe Parliament bill tumulus, states-that in all probability it was an ancient British burial ground centuries before the Christian era, but was not Boadicea's tomb. A farmer named Daly has just died at Clonmult, Ireland, aged 105. As reoently as six months ago be worked on bis farm. There are 362 exhibitors and 1300 ma chines at the Stanley Cycle Show at tbe Agricultural Hall. Amongst the novelties is a bamboo cycle, wbicb weigbed only 221b., and bad been ridden 1000 miles. A gentlemen while fishing In the Bris tol Channel captured a 40 Ib. sturgeon. The fish was sent to tbe Queeu, and tbe fisherman's oourtesy bas been acknow ledged by a letter and a guinea. An aotreas bas just died In a London workhouse who, years ago, married a man worth £40,000, wbicb was run through mainly by ber extravagance. At a sale In London a Stradlvarius violin dated 1701 sold for £600. A strange aooldent befel Mr. Wbymper, the famous mountain-climber, wbo bad BOaled many almost inaccessible heights without iofury. He was to lecture in Liverpool on his experiences, and fell while asoendlng tbe staircase leading to the platform. His collar-bone was frac tured, and the lecture had to be aban doned. A London widow, aged 87, died from a broken heart, through overstraining her self in fastening tbe buttons of her grand-daughter's dress. It was stated that auob a death bad only been known to bave occurred once before. .Two young men were summoned at Swansea for damaging tbe communion table in a ohurcb. It appears tbat tboy were In love witb tbe same yonog lady, and as sbe was leaving the oburcb tbey rushed to ber side, and In the struggle which ensued tbe damage was done. Slnoe tb» publication of tbe Kaiser's . ' Song to ,33glB' a number of male chil dren in Berlin have received the Chris tian nam« of iSgie. A widow In Paris was so haunted by the fear of encountering ber deBd hus band's ghost tbat sbe married agalu, thinking tbat tbe presence of a successor would keep tbe apparition away. Tbe dead body of a man taken from tbe Seine was identified by a woman as tbat of ber husbane. Sbe had tbe corpse carried home and placed on the bed sur rounded by candles. It was a oase of mistaken identity. Wben tbe husband returned be was enraged, and bad be not been prevented, would have thrown tbe corpse from tbe window. ? An American has oonstrdcted an enor mous magnet, whlob, he says, would in time of war aflfoot a ship's compass at a distance of elx miles. At tbe Klmberley mines a strange die oovery is said to bave been made, Two diamonds were, found embedded In a pleeeof well-preserved wood, aneartbed at a great depth from tbe anrfaoe. On splitting the blook a oavity was disclosed to view, In which reposed a llvlog speci men of a tree frog. A young beggar, on being arrested by tbe Marseilles police, was found to pos sess railway shares and other stocks representing £16,000, 