AS IT OFTEN HAPPENS. Br W. J. Laxmrov. I was 19, end pretty Lois Tanner was three years my junior. Sweet sixteen! Is there in all this world anything sweeter t There may be other Sweet Sixteens, but the comparative degree of the adjective in this connection has grown rusty from log disuse, and Sweet Sixteen remains positive in kind and superlative in degree. And Lois Tanner was 16. From the first day of our meeting-we were the children cf wealthy parents aEd were summering by the sea-some intan gible inflnence, some inexplicable force seemed to draw us to each other, and to run the lines of our lives paralleL For two years we had known each other, and one day-it was the third summer after our first meeting-we eat on the rocks by the shore land, and, as the waves beat i rhythmis measures upon the silver sands stretching at our feet, I looked into her sweet blue eyes and knew that Lichecis as she drew two threads from Clotho's spindle was twisting them into one cord, forever indivisible. In early youth, how far the eyes, un dimmed by years, can see into the future, and how keen is young love to decipher the handwriting on the wall. "Lois," I said, as we eat there in the fIding twilight, odo you know how long we have known each other P" "Does it seem long, Mr Belden L" she replied, with a coy little smile. "It has been two entire years, Miss Tanner," said I, flling into her mock for nality of manner. "And one learns a good deal in two years." she added. "In one direction I have learned nothing, Lois," I said, with a quietness I did not feel. i ' Why, Jack," she exclaimed, "I don't see how you could stand stilL" "But I have," I insisted "How P' and her eyes looked her gulle lessnesst " In loving you, Lois," I broke forth. " I couldn't love you any more m a thousand years than I loved you after our first meeting." "Oh, Jack," she cried, nervously, "what made you say that P" "Why shouldn't I Eay it?" I:answered, with a dogged resolve not to be put down by any woman's whim. "Because, Jack," she said, very ear nestly, "paps has been seaing all along that you and I were together too much, and the first thing the family knew there would be a caue of puppy love to cure." "Did your father say that?" I saked, with the anger showing in my fare. "He did, Jack, and he says-" "Well, I don't want to hear what he sys, or has said, or will say," I inter rupted. "If he says anything like that he doesn't know what he is talking about, and hasn't the most remote idea of what a man in love with the one woman in all the world for him feels." "He ought to know scmething about it," Lois said, hesitatingly. "You know, Jack, he has been married three times." "That's just it," I growled ; "he's grown callour. He thinks because I am not a hundred years old I don't know my own heart, and am irresponsible into the bargain. It it weren't for you, Lis," I added, ameliorating my wrath to a slight extent, " I wouldn t have a man like he is for my father-in-law under .any circum stances." "Papa isn't eo awfully bad, Jack," ,he said, in extenuation of the paternal weak n'"I never thought he was, either, until you told me what you have," I admitted. " But, Lois," and I grew hard again, "you must know that no father who regards the future happiness of his daughter could take up the pisition he has, and assume to dictate the course of two lives, which in the nature of things must be independent of his." "Papa says your papa said the same thing, and agreed with him thoroughly," she replied, arging as women do. "Ioes," I said, in my firmest tone, "don't speak to me of your father again. If you do I shall be tempted to do him some bodily injnry." The dear little woman laid her hand on my arm restrainingly, and smiled with such irresistible sweetnes that I even for got the wound my own father had given me. "Let it go, dear," she p'eaded. "They have forgotten they were ever young." The shadows were growing into a deeper purple, and the waves took on the mel lower Ehades of the evening sky. The night wind, just rising, tossed Liis' golden hair about her smooth white forehead, and the pink of the sunset brought a rosier glow to her cheeks. I brushed my hand acroes my eyes and looked into her face. "Do you remember what I said a few momenta ago P' I asaked, returning to the previous subject. "What did you say ?" she replied, trembling a little, I thought, for she surely could not have forgotten so soon. " I said, darling "--it was the first time I had ever called her that, and it almet frightened me--" I said that there was one thing I had not learned in the last two years, and that was to love you better than I did when I first met you. Do you think I should have learned P' "Perhaps, Jack,' she blushed, "if you had, you would have gone ahead of ms in the claw." "Oh, Loia," I began to may, and then began to stammer and grow red in the Iae. I could feel the blood fly along my neok, and my hands shock, so 1 could not have put them cut to her if she had asked me to. I had never spoken of love to a woman, and now my inexperience was painfl to me- JI knew that the brave man could win a triumph now, but I was not brave. On the contrary, I was a coward, an arrant coward, and in my fear I slipped down of the rock, where we had been sit ting, and walked out upon the sand. "Where are you going, Jack P' she alledto ms .I don't want to be left here all alone. I'm sure Charlie Verder wouldn't treatme like that" £hst was enough to set me wild. Verder was the one fellow I dreaded, and he hadn't known her six months either. I went; back to the rock, and stood at the foot of it. j?est near enough to touch the hem of her gown-such a sweet, white gown, with a bit of blue showing through ift as the blue sky poeps in and cut from the fleecy white clouds. "'Do you lio him ? ' I r.ked sUlenly. "Not any more, I guess, than you like Mettie Swnnon," she retorted, with a perk of her nose and a shoke of hoc fluffy hair. "Then you like him pretty well," I said, in worse humor than ever, and quite insistent upon nogging her all I could. SPerhaps I do," she snapped, " and ii I do, I'm sure he is a very aice fellow." "Not any nicer fellow than hattie Swann is a girl," I put in as noan s I knew how. "Well. I don't care," she soid, as she slipped offi the rock and touched the sand as lightly as a thistle down. "I'm going home, and when you get me to come away 0fl down here in this lonesome place again at this time of day or any other time, I iP you'll know it." Then she stated off along the beach towards the row of cottages. It was a mile or more, and I thought I would keep within call, so I let her get some distance ahead of me. I poked along behind, gazing out to eea and wondering where all the beauty cf the purple shadows had gone. and why it was the waves looked so cold and cruel and clammy. They were the same shadows and the same waves. and there I was, and-bht where was Loisl Fifty yards up the shore and hurrying along as if she was afraid of twilight ghosts or other strange inhabitants of the crep~ cular sir. I ooked over my shoulder nervously, and all around, and shivered. What it was I don't know, but, on the in staut, I called to her and went after my call as fast as ever I ran after a football. "Lois, Loia," I kept on calling, but she gave no heed. Her face was set away from me, and she was going with it rapidly. But not so fast that I could not catch her in the next fifty yards or so. "Oh, Mr Belden," she said, in a tone of pretty eurprise, as I came up panting to her side, "how you frightened me. I had no idea you were on the beach this even. ing." Think of that, and still her father hay. ing the temerity to talk about puppy love. If that wasa't full grown mastiff snrcam, Id like to know what it was. Bt Iw was not to be thwarted by a wemmn's whim now, any more than I was in the begin. ning. " Oh, Lois, Lois," I pleaded, though I puffed as I did ro. " Don't talk like that. We are not childran to let] trifle came between us and our love. You know I love you, and I know I love you. It was be. cause I love you that I grewwild with jea lousy when you spoke of Verder. I don't care a rep of my finger for Mattie Swann, even if you do like Charlie Verder." "Mr Belden," she began, very stif?ly "Call me Jack,". I cried, with all my feelings come again. "C all me Jack, as you have always called me." "Perhape I'd better," she said, coldly. ':You have scted so childishly that' *' seems acarcely an appropriate title." "You shan't talk that way to me, Loia Tanner," I exclaimed, as I stepped in front of hor and blocked her path. "I have done wrong, and I apologies humoly for it. Now as a lady you cannot do otherwise than accept it." "I accept the apology, and pray let that end the matter." "No, it shallnot. I insist upon you ac cept ag the apology and the apologiser as well I want you, Lois, and that's what I started to tell you down there on the rocks. Answer me now with only the sea and the sky and the sweet twilight as witnesses." I was about to take her hand and more tenderly urge my claim to an answer, when she gave a slight scream and sprang to one side, as if she had stepped on a mouse in the sand. "Look there," she whisp'red, pointing to a couple seated on an old spar half in the sand, and which until then was not visible. I looked and saw Verder and Miss Swann. very close together and talking earnestly. "Let them be witnesses also, if they will, darling,' I said bravely, and this time I took her hand in mine. But it was too dark for them to see, and then Lois and I walked by them in the deskier shadows of the later evening; she had promised to be my wife, and, though the great sun of the heaven had set over the world, and the earth was full cf sha dows, the greater sun of love has risen in our hearts, and they were filled with the light inextinguishable. That was a dozen years ago, and to-day Lois is the proud and happy mother of three of the prettiest and sweetest chil dren in the world, except four that I am the proud and happy father of. She is Mrs Charles Verder, and Mrs Belden was Mies Swann. 