SIR HENRY WRIXON found matter for an interesting paper and topics for an edifying discussion afterwards in bringing the “national significance of the Ottawa Conference ” before the Royal Colonial Institute. Sir Henry dealt not so much with its actual re sults, as with phases of feeling in con nection with the conference that were very striking and very gratifying. The ex-member for Portland was, in common with other Australian dele gates, delighted beyond measure with the enthusiastic reception accorded to them throughout a 3000 miles jour ney, in almost all parts of Canada and with the feeling of common nationality and of brotherhood as members of the same great family that was everywhere evoked, alike in remotest parts of the prairies and in the great cities. ‘ The visitors were impressed with the immense advan tages which the Canadian Confedera tion enjoyed in its unity and the vast benefits gained from a pecuniary point of view. “We found this, which will be a source of strength to us when we go back,’’ said the Australian representa tives, “ that never in the .whole of our journeys through Canada did we meet with a single man, whether belonging to the Ministry or the Opposition, whether a British Columbian at one end or a Nova-Scotian at. the other, who would go back to the disunited state in which they were before federation took place.” Canada, has developed something more than a federal Dominion feeling. It has displayed broad Imperial sympathies and aspira tions. There was a remarkable evi dence o£ this spirit at one of the greatest gatherings at Ottawa. A speaker referred in a casual way to Mr Cecil Rhodes as one of the men fore most in the work of empire-building. For a minute or two be could not be heard on account of a rush and storm of applause. The incident was taken as a strong proof of a conjunction of a great Imperial feeling—a sense of Im perial responsibility and pride—with strong local patriotism. This was also demonstrated in the hearty welcome accorded to the visiting delegates. “It was not an official reception— it was a people’s welcome.’’ In the great and busy city of Montreal they were “ met by sounding cannon, exploding rockets, and flags flying,” The spectacle of Australian colonists deputed to visit them and discuss affairs of mutual interest with them struck the people’s imagination and appealed to their hearts. For the first time in colonial history the representa tives of the self governing colonies, together with a representative of the Imperial Government, had met to gether to take counsel together in a colony. Canada acted in harmony, and spoke with one voice for a great dominion. Australia spoke with five voices for five smaller communities. Canada came forward with a generous offer, of £175,000 to bring Australia into closer communication with her and with England by cable and by steamer. Australia waited for a haggling over terms between her separate colonies. Well may Sir Henry Wrixon say— “ We can certainly return to our own people to urge union with renewed earnestness; and possibly Canada, having thus saved herself by her patriotic spirit and political intelli gence, may assist us by her example.” Having regard to the progress of that great dominion in its unity, and the healthy tone of public opinion there on all Imperial questions, it is difficult to conceive of the existence in Australia of the petty feelings which are said to be still thwarting the progress of federation. The war between China and Japan has reached an interesting and acute stage. Will occidental powers stand aside and let it run its course 1 As to the intentions of the Japanese, there is no manner of doubt. They seek no partial victories. The Emperor of China bade his legions to “ rout those pestilent Japanese out of their lair.” The Mikado sends forth his navy and his army to fulfil the terms of their war song, which are very precise:— “ To Pekin. China is a country where, in bygone times, teachings of sages prevailed, but it * has become retro gressive. It boasts of itself as the Celestial Kingdom, but its heart is barbarous, and the very reverse of celestial. Till its ignorance is dis pelled, the sky of the Orient must ever be dark. Now is the time to plant the flag of the Rising Sun on its walls, and to illuminate its darkness. This is the duty of our glorious empire, the land of the Rising Sun. Go forth, go forth, Imperial army ! March in emulation till Pekin is taken.” The march has been a. triumphant one, owing to Japan, having proved, in naval and military organisation, in discipline, and in military spirit, abreast of the most advanced European standards. The Japanese are well prepared for a prolonged struggle. Their o’ entire war expenditure, £20,000,000, has been laid out in Japan. Their only requirements from abroad are the heavier works for big ships and big guns. Of these she has enough in stock to refit her navy if the Chinese had made that necessary. Japan makes all her own rifles and cartridges at Osaka, the Murata magazine rifle is pronounced by Euro pean experts a splendid weapon, and is the sole invention of a Japanese, Count Murata. The ammunition in stock, was sufficient to give 240,000 men 10 rounds a day for three years, without making any more. Look on that pic ture and on this:—“A more bizarre performance than that on the Chinese side was surely never seen. Children playing at castles on the sands were never more puerile in their adaptation of means to ends than the Chinese exe cutive have shown themselves in the defence of the empire. China may henceforward be considered incapable of war either by sea or land, and incapable even of learning it. Without foreign leaders she is but an inert mass. The single word rabble describes the Chinese army, untrained, unarmed, unpaid, unfed, and uncared for—so grossly illused, indeed, that the docility of the poor wretches who. are sent in droves to the slaughter would be admirable if it carried any intelligence with it.” The defeats of the Chinese all along the line have been so crushing as to bear out all claims concerning the superiority of their rivals in' every branch of war fare. The Mikado is in a position to dictate terms, and is said to have made every possible preparation in case North China should fall into a state of anarchy or require some provisional authority to re place the Chinese. In that event a fully manned Civil Service will promptly step in to maintain the security of life and property, irrespec tive of nationality. Three great move ments were contemplated in the war— to drive every Chinese soldier out of Corea, to take Port Arthur, and to occupy Formosa. These objects achieved, the subsequent destinations of the three armies were to be settled by the judgment of their commanders, who are not only their country’s most skilled soldiers, but three of its ablest and most influential statesmen. “ To Pekin ” is the popular cry; but if more moderate counsels should prevail, and the Japanese be content with the occu pation of Formosa, the renunciation by China of special rights in Corea, and the payment of an indemnity covering all expenses, the interference of Western Powers will hardly be justified. There will be grave peril in one or two of them stopping in to rob Japan of the fruits of victories gained by methods which have, excited their wonder as evidences of the remarkable progress of the Japanese, and of their fitness to take a prominent place among the nations of the world. Economy on the part of the Govern ment, we are continually being re minded, is in the air, • Rut it stays there. It does not assume concrete forms, ■ nor produce practical results. Ministers take fitful steps, but adopt no definite scheme. It has been stated with the weight of authority that the Postal and Telegraph Department * B costing £lOO,OOO per annum more than it should do in these times. But apart from cutting down small items of expense in the country, the Cabinet has not attempted to seriously diminish its extravagance. Meanwhile the Postmaster-General is absent on a pleasure tour, and is reported to have thrown on the permanent head of the department the onus and unpleasant ness of endeavoring to give effect to the policy of the Government. All experience shows the futility of relying on permanent heads or permanent officers to check evils that have grown up under their own legis. The duty rests with the Government, and the Government should do its duty by giving effect as speedily and as decisively as possible to the demand that extrava gance shall bechecked whereveritexists. Apart from the Education Depart ment there has been no systematic attention to this work. Nearly two thirds of the current financial year have passed, and in a few months we shall find the Government considering ways and means, and possibly contem plating more taxation. It is to be expected and demanded that in the meantime the Government shall, as the entire community has been obliged to do, endeavor to keep down its out goings so as to bring them, if possible, within its income. The responsibility ; must not be shirked, and before the recess has gone much further the country will expect to have some practical fruits of the 'labors of the committee of. the•; Cabinet which is | giving attention to this subject. Pro longed enquiries, clear, revelations of extravagances which the community cannot afford, and elaborate recom mendations are of little avail without prompt action. For every week’s delay involves the needless expendi ture of thousands and thousands of pounds to the swelling of the deficit. A terribly sudden death occurred at No. 7 Talbot street, last night. Mrs Friend, who lives with her married daughter, Mrs Opie, went to her room at a quarter to 10 o’clock pre paratory to retiring for the night, and on sitting down on the bed. fell back dead. Mrs Friend, who is 6S years old, had been suffering for some time past from influenza, added to which she had a weakness of the heart. Prior to her death she appeared in fairly good health, although somewhat put about by the events of the day. Dr Jordan, who had been attending her for some time past, was called in and pro nounced life extinct. A post mortem examina tion and enquiry will be unnecessary, as Dr Jordan has certified to the cause of death. Ballarat yesterday presented a very hazy appearance owing to bush fires in the surround ing country districts. Towards evening a dense smoke settled down over the northern portion of the city. The moon was of almost a blood-red color, and there is a probability of more heat to-day. A serious burning accident occurred at the Central hotel, Sturt street, yesterday morning. About half-past 10 o’clock Mrs Smeaton, wife of the licensee, was crossing the bar of the hotel when she stooped to pick up a match. In doing so she trod upon another match, which ignited and set fire to her dress. Mrs Smeaton cried for assistance, and her daughter (Mrs R. Steele) ran to her aid and attempted to ex tinguish the flames. Messrs C. W. Harrison, S. Fitzpatrick, and H. Fern at this moment came to the help of the two ladies, and, wrap ping a tablecloth around Mrs Smeaton, quickly put the flaming material out. Mrs Smeaton, who was badly burnt about the legs, was at once put to bed, and Dr Mullally was sent for. The medical gentleman found that the lady, besides suffering from shock, was seriously injured. Mrs Steele, who, in her gallant efforts to assist her mother, was seriously burnt about the hands, suffered acute pain, and also required medical attention. Throughout the day there were numerous enquiries made as to the condition of the sufferers, and general sympathy was expressed for the family, who only on Tuesday last suffered a severe bereavement in the death of Mr W. Smeaton. The maximum heat in the shade yesterday* as registered at the Observatory, was' 96, and in the sun 138 degrees. Mr Justice Holroyd inflicted such severe sen tences yesterday upon three convicted burglars, as effectually prevented a continued display of bravado on the part of two at least of the prisoners. The exception was an ill-featured youth, named James Carroll, who, although sentenced to six years’ imprisonment with hard labor, still preserved bis. impudent demeanor, and coolly waved his hand to those in court while being removed from from the dock. John Ward, who also received six years, and Thomas Matthews, who got seven, seamed to be greatly taken aback by the severity of their sentences, and Ward said to the judge, “Well, I hope you will be better judged in the next world.” To this his Honor replied—“ I never take the slightest notice of what prisoners say, so you might as well keep your remarks to yourself.” Each of these men has a long criminal record. The Rev, ,R. Heffernan,, recently of Port Fairy, was, last night, inducted by the bishop as vicar of All Saints’ in succession to the Rev. Canon Morris. A report of the service is given elsewhere. The _ intercolonial, cricket match between Victoria and South Australia will he com menced. in Melbourne to-day. Up to the present each colony has won 10 matches. The teams are as follow :—Victoria—Bruce, E. Barrett, Harry, Laver, Lewis, 1 C. M'Leod, R. M’Leod, H. Trott, A. E. Trptt, Trumble, Worrall. South Australia—Bennett, Darling, Dyer. G. Gillen, W. Giffen, Green, Hill, A. H. Jarvis, F. Jarvis, Jones, Noel, Reed man. Although yesterday was St. Valentine’s Day there was no noticeable increase in the number of letters to be delivered, and it appears that the one time famous saint is now forgotten, or supplanted by Santa Claus, Superintendent Parkinson was yesterday ad vised by telegram that two prisoners had escaped from the Ararat Criminal Lunatic Asylum at half-past 3 o’clock the previous afternoon. They were—Frederick Wilson, who is under sentence of 18 years for rape, and Andrew Miller. Wilson is 37 years of age, 5 feet 6 inches high, has full dark whiskers; wore white mole trousers, drab check coat and vast (asylum pattern), black soft felt hat, and heavy boots with hob nails, and his nose is disfigured. Miller is 30 years old, 3 feet 7.J inches high, is of stout build, has a down-cast look, and has dark complexion and hair, with dark moustache only. Ha wore clothes similar to Wilson, only slightly more worn. The February sittings of the Supreme Comt were concluded shortly after G o’clock last night, and Mr Justice Holroyd left by the evening train for Geelong. The Electric Light Company have notified the Town Council that they will be ready to place the lights in the centre of the streets within a few days. They company also state that they are prepared to supply additional arc lights. A start has also been made to instal the incandescent - light -at various business establishments. In the Divorce Court yesterday, before Mr Justice Holroyd, Ellen Mullins, licensed vic tualler, of Ararat, sought a dissolution of her marriage with Thomas James Mullins, butcher, of Echuca, on the ground of infidelity. Mr T. A. Robertson appeared for the petitioner. The parties were married at Ballan on the 15th of October, 1879, and afterwards pro ceeded to Echuca, where respondent became the licensee of the Town Hall hotel. In January, 1889, petitioner returned from a week’s holiday, and in consequence of what she was told by the cook at once discharged the barmaid. Respondent then said that they should not allow “ wicked people to destroy their happiness,” and the parties continued to ■ve together as before. In February, 1891, the business at Echuca was sold, and during the next month Mullins went to Melbourne presumably to look for another hotel. He told the petitioner 'to write to the Union Club hotel, which she did on several occasions. Not receiving any answer however, she visited Melbourne, and on going to the hotel found all her letters there un opened. Mrs Mullins then advertised for her husband, with the result that they met and went to the Carnarvon hotel, where respondent said he was stopping. The landlord corro borated Mullins in this statement, and the latter then took his wife upstairs to show her his room. The landlady came upstairs, and on being spoken to by petitioner for' not,looking after her husband’s 'clothes, at once said that Mullins was not living there, but with the bar maid who was dismissed from the hotel at Echuca. Respondent afterwards confessed, and asked forgiveness on account of the children. This was extended to him, and. both went to Ballarat and took the Royal George hotel. They lived together for three months, and at the end of that time respondent went away for two or three days. On returniag, he said that " his affection for his wife had ceased, and he must live with the woman he loved.” Peti tioner remonstrated with him, but to -no pur pose, and on the 23rd July a dead of separation was drawn up. Letters were sent by-rem* dent to petitioner, in which-he asked to Melbourne; hot she did not go until Jinii 1892\. She went to his place of could not see Mullins, who,, however i her at the Victoria Coffee Ph lace. Ha’snot 1 , the children, and said he would come back hi did not do so. Subsequently Mullins'S wished to sea her, but she refused. Th» statements were given in evidence by Z? tioner. A man named Adolphus Pnckett resident of King street, Melbourne, gav e ’■* dance as to respondent living with a named “ Dot ” Ritchie in that street- Frederick Binstead, a clerk, who had bee employed by respondent in Richmond Vu? deposed that respondent had there 7° terms of intimacy with another woman, (W Hewitt corroborated the evidence 0 f previous witness. His Honor gave a dec for the dissolution of the marriage, to J? effect in six months’ time, and ordered that petitioner should have the custody of the hi children who were the issue of the aanisx The court then adjourned' sine-die. The City Council and those citizens »(, advocate the formation of acychng track at Western Oval, will meet upon the ground at I o’clock this afternoon, to decide upon action shall be taken. A young man named Porter, a jockey riding down Victoria street yesterday ,f te . noon, and opposite Mr S. Beriya's dothinz establishment ha was passing a cab driven bv j man named Williams, when the latter suddealv struck him a heavy blow on the nose with the butt end of a whip. Porter was nearly knocks! off his horse, and a big pool of blood in IS roadway testified to the force of the blo» struck. The driver of the cab immediate!? drove away after committing the assault. % the onlookers the assault appeared to be m ort unjustifiable, but it is stated that had a grievance against Porter. The matter will probably form the subject of investigation at the police court. The Creswick Turf Club races will be heH to-day. This annual gathering is justly garded as one of the most enjoyable race meetings in the district, and the program tee arranged for to-day promises that the hki, standard of excellence already gained by the club will be in no wise impaired. The enlria are numerous, and large fields and good racing may be anticipated. 5 At the Supreme Court yesterday, before ha Honor Mr Justice Holroyd, the case of Darcej v Mitton was heard, in which the plaintiff I claimed £5OOO for alleged fraudulent misreprs. sentation. It appears that the plaintiff. and her husband had monetary dealings with the defendant extending as far back as ISfiJ. About 1833 the plaintiff’s husband, who re sided at the Shamrock hotel, Dnanstown transferred the whole of His property, crauut ing of three allotments of land, valued at about £6OOO, to his wife and George Mitton by way of trust. About 12 months after a purchase of another allotment, containing 111 acres, waj made by plaintiff, and the plaintiff alleged that the money to pay for this waj to be obtained from the sale of one of the allotments previously held, containing 80 acre, With this object, as she alleged, she attended at the office of Mr Mitchell, solicitor, and signed a transfer on the representation by Mitton that it was a transfer of the 80 acres whereas as a matter of fact it was a transfer cf the three allotments to Mitton. These allega tions were denied utterly by the defendant. The defence further alleged that Mr Mitton advanced the money to purchase the 111 acts on the condition that the allotments should he transferred to him by way of security. 0a the evidence as adduced the judge held that lbs plaintiff had failed to substantiate her alien tions and dismissed the action with co-ii against the plaintiff. Mr J. B. Roberts, of Bendigo, appeared for the plaintiff; sft Weigall, instructed by Messrs Mitchell, Nevett, and Robinson, for the defence. The Town Council meet this afternoon, and amongst the business on the notice paper is a motion by Or Johnston favoring the introduc tion of a minimum wage in municipal con tracts. Lily Hunter, two years’ old, of Humffny street, was attended to at the Hospital yester day for a severe injury to the elbow, caused by failing off a verandah. Benjamin Howell, 3, of Victoria street, was treated for an injury to the eye, sustained while working at the South Star; and Thos. Williams, 60, of Plank road, fora lacerated wonnd cn the finger, caused by a piece of mullock falling on him. Mr J. Love, secretary of the Ballarat Cricket Club, yesterday received a letter from Mr Creswell, secretary to the S.A.C.A., stating that the Sonth Australian team would be unable to visit Ballarat this season, but hop to accept the invitation next year. Last night’s Militia parade was well at tended. Lieutenant-colonel Williams was in command. The men went through a number of evolutions in Sturt street, and their drilling and the playing of the band attracted the usual crowd of interested spectators. An order has been issued that helmets will be worn on all half-day parades during the present month. The parade called for Saturday next will take place at the rifia range. At the City Police Court on Wednesday Mr Leader, sitting as warden, delivered judgment in the case of Francis Moss and Peter J. Wilson, of Bnninyong, against William T, Williams and others. The action was onefet trespass, the complainants seeking an injunc tion to restrain the defendants from workings a certain claim known as the John Bull. The warden found that the defendants had tres passed and were still trespassing, and mode the order sought. He also ordered the regis trar to refrain from registering the defendants for any part of the said mining tenement £1515s costs were allowed complainants. Mr Pearson appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr Tuthill for the defendants. A drover named Thomas Herman Theobald was arrested last night by Constable Ross on a charge of deserting his wife, Caroline Theobald, at North Melbourne on the Ist of October last. References have recently appeared in these columns to an action for alleged slander and libel instituted against Mr Edmond Wriglef by Mr H,- A. Ross. The same parties vers aleo concerned in an action by the latter to set aside an alleged dissolution of partnership, or, in the alternative, to compel Mr Wrigley to discharge the liabilities of Messrs J. T. Huston and Cos., enquiry and financial agents, of Lydiard street. As the result of the interna tion of mediating friends on both sides, Mr Wrigley has now withdrawn from any connec tion with the business, and has also withdrawn any allegations against Mr Ross in theaffain of the alleged partnership. On the other hand, the various actions commenced by Mr nos* against Mr Wrigley, which were to have b*en beard at the local County Court on the T-jh March, have been withdrawn. Mr H. Barrett, instructed by Mr W. T. Gill, was acting on behalf of Mr Ross, and Mr E. r- Wynne on behalf of the defendant. St. Paul’s Sunday School excursion to Queenscliff will take place to-day. Trans will leave the Western Station at 7 and <\- w a.m, A high compliment was yesterday paid toll* plain-clothes police by Mr J. T. Thorold Sun;#, the Crown prosecutor, who wrote to Supe n “' tendent Parkinson as follows: —Jfo CarrolJ, Young, and others. — “ .Vs I think the arte,- and conviction of these criminals are mainly due to the intelligence and promptness shown by Constables M'Pherson and Rogerses, * desire to draw your favorable consideration t their zeal and conduct in these cases.—J- Thorold Smith.” The special trains for the railway picnic a Bendigo to-morrow leave the Western statu’ at 6.20 and 6.50 a.m., and will leave BeDfl'to 1 ™ the return journey at 5.15 and 5.45 p.m. Me*jJ Niven and Cos. will have the tickets on »• until 5.30 this evening, but intending eint eionists should secure their tickets early.’ avoid disappointment. The fares are—Aim ll -' os 6d; children. Is 9d. Mr Leader, P.M., presided at the rew« court, held yesterday and last night at t« Town Police Court, and heard objection 5 names on the general and ratepayers lists i the electorate of Ballarat East and ‘ or .,Jr Eureka and South Road divisions of the"“| renheip electorate. In all, 281 names ««-- objected to on the ratepayers’ and general n* for Ballarat East, and 21 on the Eureka sj South Road divisions of Warrenheip. * objections were upheld, and it was shown to in the majority of cases the electors had part with their qualification. A large n0 ®”: - wera struck off on the ground of non-naturaJi tion. No interest was taken in the pro® ings, and very few of those whose names we objected to, a list of which has already r peared in The Star, attended. At 9o cl last night the court adjourned until Thnts J next, at 11 a.m. The officials present w« Mr Michel), registrar; Mr Fraser, town cl ’ Mr Foster, clerk of courts; Mr Wightwi »; rate collector; and Constables Smith Martin, electoral inspectors. . An important meeting of shareholders in Bnninyong Butter Factory will be held at past 7 o’clock this evening. Bulch’s Model Band will play the folio*™ programme of music at the gardens to-nig® • 8 o’clock:—March, “The humber; v ■' “ Ever.true;” cavatina, “Le Rosignal; P 1 “Simplicity;” overture, “ Donnybrook; . 4 “ Rhoda;” schottische, “ Queen of my n > march, “The 8.8.N.;” ‘‘God B3Va Queen.” , , The half-yearly meeting of the Be*®- 0 - Rifle Club was held on Wednesday e Mr F. Troy (vice-president) in the ch®”'- .j, balance-sheet showed the receipts as ,j t and the expenditure £l4 4s 9d, leaving » o balance of £2412s 4d. The secretary »$ F. Thompson) report showed that there * paid-up members, a reduction on im J' mainly owing to many of the older « retiring from the club. Mr MK® promised to give 50 scoring books, wi .. t printed therein. Captain Dolan repor six monthly matches had been fired, *•„];- the results, Mr M'Keich’s trophy, a silver• stand in the shape of a bird, being wo noints. The pride of place in Hill to A. Trompf with 3:696, J. toimr second with 3'676, the former M. Ke !' h matches, while the latter fired m fi " D? -IVo battle firings and the musketry half, to be done before 30th June, the “ws being earnestly requested to assist members by firing on the days appointed. d> e were adopted. The averages were EnlSd the club’s average being 3-086, as then rea ,.’ l3G {or the previous half-year. Mr «»' n l'." to n tendered his resignation as a which was accepted. The election of resulted asunder President, "f_ C j b JfKeieh; vice-presidents Messrs F. J* r t fvilbee:; captain, Mr J. P. Dolan; Troy »j r j. S. Brooks; secretary, Mr committee, Messrs 0. Trompf, a Trompf. Parker, and Chapman; Messrs J. Tullooh and F. A. Archard; rffeppers Messrs Brooks, A. Trompf, and h . w| P A bonus of £4 4s was voted to the A ’ The rules and bylaws as drafted w re the subcommittee were adopted and “y, "j t 0 be submitted to the Minister of ifctaee f° r approval, and then printed. The i " mittee was accorded a hearty vote of ♦unl-s also the retiring officers. The secre . r was instructed to take steps to see that W ffi.:. n t members are affiliated to keep up the of the club, namely, 20, also to hand ■ rMr M'Keich’s trophy to the winner, W. S * 4t*a committee meeting subsequently “It r j Johnston was elected an affiliated „„V- r 0 f the club The monthly match was f„r Wednesday, 27th inst.; ranges, 200 " a IIW vards; prizes, 7s 6d, 100 rounds of (gift Of Mr F Troy), and 50 do. The secretary was instructed to ask the Amphi theatre Club when it was convenient for them to fire the return match. At the City Police Court yesterday a man hnhadb“en arrested for drunkenness pleaded ™iltv As the defendant had not previously fL' before the court he was discharged with station. Messrs Shoppee, Bickett, and Mor rison, J'e’P-. presided. Our Kingston correspondent writes:— Many of our residents, and particularly those on whom times are pressing somewhat badly, are iea Pe d at the return to this town of Mrs Saville. This lady has been absent from us for stout t‘ ff o years, and during that aime has been neatly missed. There are few whose ears are ao ready to listen to tales of distress, or whose hand is so ready to relieve, and such residents can ill be spared, even for a comparatively short time.” At St. Peter’s schoolroom this evening there will be an entertainment given in aid of the working expenses of the St. Peter’s fancy fair, to be held in the beginning of April, The per formers are to be Mrs Madden, the Misses Towl, Jessie Walker, and Messrs Cutter and o'Gradv, all well-known and recognised artists, who will recite, sing, and play; and as we bear the tickets have sold well, we expect to see a flood house. At a meeting of the Beaufort Athletic Club on Wednesday evening, Mr H. M. Stuart (president) presiding, the following programme of events, drafted by a sub-committee, for the Easter Monday sports, was adopted:—One, two and three mile bicycle races, £6, £lO, and £l2- Beaufort Cnp, 130 and 200 yds, £10; Harriets' Race, mile. £3los; Handicap High Jump, £1; Youths’ High Jump. 10s; Youths’ Race, once round track, £1; Soys’Race, 150 yds 10s; Old Buffers’ Race for bag of flour, gift’ of Mr Geo. Thomas; Handicap High Jump (for horses) and Tilting in the Ring, saddle and bridle for each; Catching Pig with greasy tail, prize the pig. A sub-committee, consisting of Messrs Stuart, Welsh, Parker, and Sinclair, was appointed to arrange for a concert and ball. Mr leader. P.M., and Messrs Williams, Phillips, and Josephs, J’s.P., presided at the Town Court yesterday, and discharged the old man Patrick Maloney, who was arrested on a charge of drunkenness. Through the instru mentality of Mr Josephs, the accused was subsequently admitted into the Benevolent Asylum. A man who was charged with over indulgence was also discharged. A cheap excursion train will run from Bal larat to Learmonth on Wednesday afternoon next, and if the weather is as warm as it has been for the past few days, it should be well patronised. Fares —Adults, Is; children, fid; from Niven and Cos. last night Professor and Madam B. Gibson’s company gave another of their free medical and musical entertainments in the Trades’Hall, to a large and appreciative audience. The professor rendered a lecture on “ Medical Botany,” and Mr Santley was again heard to advantage in “Gems from the Italian operas.” A com mittee selected from the audience securely fastened Madam Gibson to the back of the stage by the aid of steel handcuffs, shackles and neckband, with chain and padlock at tached. The curtain of the cabinet being then drawn, Madam made-her appearance, clothed in a ghost’s costume and entirely free of her fetters. Pront’s Ballarat Brass Band will play the following programme of music on the parapet of North Grant hotel this evening:—March, “Hock Hapsbnrg;” waltz, “Souvenir;” selec tion, “Emira;” quadrille, “On the banks of the Thames;” march, “ Second to none;” waltz, “ Les Fiances;” selection, -“ Rip Van Winkle;” gallop, “Cresendo;” “ God save the Queen." The Ballarat West Electoral Revision Court will sit this morning. We are requested by the secretary (Mr J, P. Daly) of the Bernard! benefit concert to state that he would be extremely obliged it the holders of tickets will send moneys and returns to him by Monday next. Mr W. H. Bosanko announces that he has withdrawn from the candidature for a seat on the Ballarat Mining Board. J. T. Huston and Cos., Eldon Chambers, Lydiard street, advertise that they conduct business as enquiry and financial agents, trade assignees, See. The third grand concert of the Ballarat Male Choral Society will be given in the Methodist Free Church, Peel street, this evening. The choir will be assisted by the Misses Allan, Beckman (2), C. Williams, Rose, F. and E. Williams, and a good orchestra. Conductor, Mr J. Williams; pianist, Mr E. Sage. Doors open at 7.30, commence at 8; tickets, 6d. A meeting of the Lydiard street Wesleyan Baud of Hope will be held to-night, when a choice programme of songs recitations, and dialogue will be rendered. . The ladies and gentlemen who are assisting in the musical portion of the forthcoming Masonic choral service are requested to attend rehearsal this evening at 8 o’clock sharp in St. Andrew’s schoolroom, Dawson street. 