NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH IN RUBICON STREET. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Wesleyan Church in Rubicon street was performed yesterday by the Rev. W. H Fichett, president of the Wesleyan conference. in the presence of a large concourse of people. Amongst those present were—The Revs. S. Knight, R. Philp, T. Adamson, Tregear, Marsland, and Sinden; the Hon. J. S. Larke, from Canada; the Hon. D. Ham, M.L.C., and Mr J. W. Kirton, M. LA. The proceedings were opened by the singing of the hymn, “ This stone to Thee in faith we lay,” after which the Rev. Jas. Marsland offered up prayer, and the Rev. C. Tregear read the 48th Psalm. Mr Edward Blewett, one of the trustees of the new church, was then called upon by Mr Knight, who conducted the proceedings, to read a state ment in regard to the new building. The chnrch, it was set forth, would, when finished, seat about GOO people, and cost about £OOO, “ Our own people,” the statement proceeded, 41 have responded nobly, and we have proof that they only want to have the matter brought before them in the light of God’s Word, and they will give freely, without having to resort to the contemptible means too often adopted—certainly not to the methods generally followed, such as bazaars, cake and apron shows, or shows of any kind; because we believe they are detrimental to the spiritual life of the church.” Since the 15th of July last, it was further pointed out, £l5O had been received in actual cash, independent of promises, and money was coming in every day, not only from their own people, but other parts of the colony as well. (Applause.) The Rev. R. Philp read the document to be placed under the stone, but before doing so congratulated the Rubicon street friends on laying the foundations of a church under cir cumstances that augured so well for the future. The document read; — 44 This foundation stone of the new Rubicon street Wesleyan Church was laid by the- Rev. W. H Fitchett, 8.A., president of the Wesleyan conference of Vic toria and Tasmania, on the 3rd day of Septem ber, in the year of our Lord 1895, being the 59th year of the reign of Her Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Lord Brassey being Governor of the colony of Victoria; Sir John Madden, K.C.M.G., the Acting-Governor of the colony of Victoria, the Rev. W. H. Fitehett, 8.A., president; and the Rev. W. Williams, P.L.S., secretary of the Wesleyan conference; the Revs. Samuel Knight, Robt. Philp, and Chas. Tregear, ministers of the Bal larat West (Lydiard street) circuit; Captain William Hicks, Edward Blewett, Ellis Jermyn, Albert Hooker, and Samuel Lukeis being trustees of the Rubicon street Wesleyan Church; Wm, Coltman and C. Eyres, circuit stewards; Mr W. Gribble, architect; and Messrs Pryn and Phillips, the builders.” A glass jar, which contained this document and the copies of the daily papers, and was her metically sealed, was then placed in a cavity beneath the stone, and Mr Gribble, the archi tect, stepping forward, expressed the pleasure it afforded him to present Mr Fitchett with a beautiful silver trowel, with which to lay the stone. The president proceeded to perform this function at the invitation of. Mr Hicks. Having pronounced the stone well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and having invoked the Divine blessing the rev. gentleman remarked that they were that day taking part in a great event. That church would stand when all present had gone to their graves, and would stand for God’s honor and man’s good. It would be the church of their children. He thanked God for those boys and girls who were around the stone that day, for if there were any place where the girls and boys ought to be it was in the church of the Saviour of men, who was once a boy himself. It was said that a man who made two blades of grass grow where one only grew before blessed the world; and he would say that the man who helped to build the church of Jesus Christ made the world safer, richer, and happier. Let his friends present think for what that church would stand. It would not stand for any man’s pocket, and yet it would bless many men’s pockets; it would not stand for any particular family, but it would bless all the families that would gather within its walls. It would make family life sweeter, would make boys and girls the batter, and the husband and wife the better. He had come through Bal larat and had passed the great gaol there. For what did that stand? For human law. He had noticed the City Hall as he came past, and he asked for what did that stand ? For civic life. Let them look at those houses beyond and ask for what they stood. For the family life. But when they built a church it would stand for God’s kingdom on earth, and as a witness for the redeeming love of Christ. In that church there would be proclaimed Sunday after Sunday, by the preacher’s voice, the great message that told of Heaven, of man's salva tion and Christ’s love. He stood once in an old English cathedral, and saw an old battle flag hanging from the walls. One would not, perhaps, have given 5s for it; but men had died for that flag because it represented country and Queen. That church was even greater than country and Queen, for it represented the glory of God and the salvation of men.” The speaker proceeded to point out what a splendid opportunity was afforded for contributing to so noble an object, and concluded by pointing out that the Heavenly Father who looked down on their gifts that day would measure them by the love which accompanied them. Those present then laid gifts upon the corner stone amounting to £53 6s lid,' while a gold brooch was also given. Included in the dona tions were one of £ll lls from Mr Jermyn— £l Is from each of his children—and £5 from the Hon. D. Ham.' After further singing, the Hon. D. Ham, M.L.G., the Hon. J. S. Larke, and Messrs D. Cooke, J. W. Kirton, Tregear, and Coltman tendered their congratulations to the Rubicon street congregation in appropriate addresses. The proceedings terminated with the doxology. 