rho wrong Foot. "Dat cands dat." said a colored man who was brought into thie central sta tion the other day as a suspicious char acter. "What?'" asked the sergeant. "Dis yeor," was tilh reply as he pro duced a rubbit's foot and tossed it con temptuously on the oesk. "'Dat ar' de off hind rut of at rab.it." "Whant is it good f' ,r?" "Nufftin 'tall. "What do ,:.ou carry it for?" "Bought tirt t fut of an o1.t 1c:ttlucky nigger. who said it would !?:p de ghosts off." "Well. Itasn't it?" "Yes. de ghosts haln't come, but de purlicezuant bas. Walked right up an' Arabbed me 'fore I knowed it. What's do good to keep de ghosts olr an' let de coppers grab ye? Doan' believe in. do rabbit's loot no mo'., You jist keep it. Doan' wanit nuffin in my pocket dat walks me in yere an' setnda ? e up fur six monlths." Row He Could Recognize a Pl'tanetpltan . Two men, neither of whom was in his shirt sleeves, sat in the cafe at Del monico's and disclssed the personality of the various groups eatiung ard dllnk ing around them. The elder of the two was Harold Keencent, the popula, detective who was the fir.4t to get 1,, the track of the Eriel ,ailroad after it was stolen by Jim Fisake, and the younger was a well-known ut--tiw. dealer in detectives' supplie'. "How easy it isin aplace like this for a shar . witted man of the world like me to tuol. almost at a glance, from what part of the country a man come.," said Keeu cent, blowing a fragrant cloud of smoke from his lips, "but," he added with a knowing smile, "considering the experi once l havrp hd I would be a raink duffer if I couldn't spot 'em four tinme out of five." His companion expressed some dtoubt as :.to the-detective's abilityto 'do what She' laimed; and ofiered'to 'bet 'lim h' bottle.: that he would make fve mis. takes in ten attempts. Keencent gladly accepted the wager, and two acquaint ances at an adjoining table were asked to act as umpires. "Well, where is that man over there in the corner from?" The detective calmly took a small but powerful pair of opera gla-aes from his pocket, so?rtiinized the stranger's table and replied, "Cincinnati." "You are right. How did you dis coverit?" "He is eating pigs' feet, ham-sand wiches, and sausage," was the reply. "And that man there with the' dark mustache, there by the secondwindow on Twenty-sixth street?" "He comes from Norwalk, Conn." "Right again. Explain." - "I've known him, for twenty-four years." "Wonderfull And that man with the satchel, there at the fifth table on this row?" - "He's a Philadlpl n. ." 'And do you kepw him also?" "No, but as hoecame int, and the bhall man asked him for his but, lie said, 'Oh, no,'stranger, I lost '. go,'d hat once that way when I uwent irnvalilg, and you can bet your swbet lifi ' don't let no, Yorker beat me ouit of illi- one. You folks may think you are mighty smart, but we read the papers where I come from, young feller, and nmy hut stays just where nt is now.' " "Order the bottle," laughed the de teative's companion, "for you have fairly won it with three straight hits," and as I he spoke the Philadelphian looked( around the room with a superior air and ordered "another dish of cream, but with mors.vailJýag tj .strawberry 