THE BEAUTY OF HOLINESS. Holiness possesses a beauty peculiar to itself. It iB superior to all other beauty in heaven above, or earth beneath. It is the beauty of the Lord. It is the grand attraction that bindB the hosts of heaven to the throne of God ; which fills them with admiration of Jehovah, and thrills them with: delight in Him. It inspires their loftiest praise, enkindles their warmest affeotion, and forms the grand stimulus to ever cheerful and energetic servioe. But beautiful as it is, it does not catch every eye or charm every heart. To demons and vile men it is abhorrent, and gladly would they destroy every element of it if they could. It stands in the way of the accomplishment of their infernal purposes. There ' is a beauty of earth,, of mountain and glen, of field and flower, of architecture and paint ing and sculpture that is not seen by every one to be appreciated and enjoyed. There are eyes so blinded and hearts so cold that no kind or quality of beauty can take hold of them. The unrenewed sinner sees ho beauty in holiness ; but when the mighty ohange is wrought in his nature by the Holy Ghost, nothing appears so lovely, so desirable. Holiness— purity of heart and life— holiness planted in the soul of the human heart, watered by the dews and rains of heavenly grace, warmed and strengthened, and beautified by the rays of the sun of righteousness, is a flower of Paradise ; one on which the Holy Trinity delight to gaze: which the cherubim and seraphim admire, and which is to the Church of God its most powerful attraction. In holiness there is the beauty of sympathy with human sorrow and suffering. The essence of holiness is love, benevolence. Hence the truly holy have ever been the most active and generous in meeting the wants of the needy, and by doing so have excited the admiration and won the praise of. their fellow-men. Wesley in an eminent degree possessed it, and for more than half aceritiiry, by voice and pen and purse, tried to uplift the fallen, cleanse thepol- . luted, and enlighten the ignorant. By doing so he produced a beauty of character on which it is a delight to look. In holiness there is the beauty of hu mility, meekness, gentleness and affability, features which shone with matchless splen dour in the life and character of . Christ Holiness stamps its subject with the image of Christ; gives the amiability that made him charai every circle of society into whioh he entered, and endeared him to his .-followers so strongly. It gave John and Mary Fletcher, aud Hester Ann Rogers, And Pheebe Palmer, and Frances Havergaj the loveliness that delighted all that came in contact with them. By its sweetness of spiritual parity and loveliness of mind it banishes egotism and self-righteousness and censoriousness ; it gives placidity and t sweetness to the very countenance, and' makes th9 eye sparkle with a brightness that is divine. Holiness produces the beauty of a noble, heroic aud far-reaching philanthropy. Ho liness is Godlike in its love for mankind. It desires liberty, intelligence, peace and prosperity for the entire race ; and hence has given, and laboured, and Buffered, and sacrificed to put the world in the possession of the Gospel. From the holiness of God sprang the sacrifice of the crosR, and th6 expensive provision for the moral recovery of the race. It has given the world its 'grand revivals, its self-denyingmissionaries, its.mighty reformers, its glorious martyrs. As holiness is the beauty of the Lord, so is it the beauty of the Church. Oh, that she may be more abundantly supplied with it, so that she may be lair as the moon, bright as the sun, and to her foes terrible as an army with banners. This celestial clothing is, thank God, within the reach of all, and the Spirit waits to array the believer in the beauty of the glorious dress, and make him like the king's daughter, all glorious with in, and then all glorious without.— Christian Guardian. 