Twinklings. Fine. Holiday. Lourdes. Reunion. Is cricketing a trade ? Brilliant royal wedding. Eight Hours Demonstration. South Australia's debt 23 millions. Hon. J. L. Parsons off to the East. No occasion to borrow till next June. Irish election fund still mounting up. The Church, not the Bible, the rule of faith. Great labor demonstration on Monday next. Twenty-fifth anniversary of the infalli bility dogma. Successful juvenile entertainment at Port Augusta. Monster Clothing Company's sale. Great bargains. Nurses in New Zealand want to be called "sisters." " St. Joseph's Lily" is getting more in teresting each chapter. An old and worthy colonist— the late Patrick Kilderry. H.I.P. The new society woman exhibits her photo, in the shop windows. Mr. Homburg explains his difference with Dr. Marten re Nurse Graham. Mr. Heath, the retiring Audit Com missioner, draws £2,100 as compensation. Pilgrimage to the shrine of the Blessed Virgin at Lourdes larger than ever this year. The road vote escapes reduction, and is to remain at £60,000, the same as last year. Public meeting of Catholics in St. Francis Xavier's Hall, on Wednesday next. Why should not subscribers have a voice in the appointment of the Hospital Board ? The Danbury (U.S.A.) ladies boycott bachelors who indulge in spirituous liquors. Foundation-stone of new Trades Hall to be laid by Mrs. Kingston on Monday at 10 a.m. His Grace the Archbishop expressed the heartiest wish for the welfare of the H.A.C.B.S. Petersburg contributes £11 to Irish election fund, thanks to Messrs. Cochrane and Crowley. Mr. Caldwell accused of repeating private conversations at the Hospital Board meeting. A railway employe on two-third time contributes 34 per cent, of his income to financial exigencies. " If the men like drink better than us," say Danbury temperance girls, "let them stick to the saloons." There is no man alive who has so com pletely won the hearts of the Irish people as Archbishop Croke. Great crowds rushing the Monster Clothing Palace to secure bargains never before offered in the city. Rev. M. Hourigan ably expounds the attitude of the Catholic Church regarding the Bible as a rule of faith. Civil servants have to pay the whole cost of free education under the proposed Government retrenchment scheme. Persons wanting an outfit should avail themselves of the opportunity whilst the Monster Clothing Company's sale is on. The three late Railway Commissioners on being abolished had to be refunded about £800 reduction in salary made last year. " Make the men understand that if they desire your good opinion and companion ship they must give up liquor."—Father Lynch. Not the dead letter, but the true sense of the Bible, as interpreted by God's Church, delivers the sentence of the Holy Ghost. Francis Abigail, a leading Sydney Orangeman, who had a few years in quod for monetary frauds, is writing articles on prison discipline. Archdeacon Russell, V.G., Archpriest Nevin, and Father T. F. O'Neill appoin ted a commission to manage church pro perties in the Archdiocese. " You will never found a national policy upon malice, hatred, and uncharitable ill-will." So says Tim Healey. He should practise what he preaches. The Labor party suggest an all round increase. of a farthing in the land tax. This will not do. The small holders are quite heavily enough taxed already. The New South Wales Government propose amalgamating the Savings Banks and making the note issue a Government monopoly — copying South Australia again. Total amount borrowed by South Aus tralia, including the Northern Territory, £24,879,657. Redeemed, £1,726,000 ; leaving present debt a little over £23,000,000. " With a divided Ireland, the strongest and friendliest Government can do no good; with a united Ireland, the strongest and most hostile Government can do no harm."—T. P.' O'Connor, M.P. What lawmaker was ever found so imprudent ait to leave the people a law book to settle their disputes without a living judge to expound it? Yet this is what Protestants nay 'the' Almighty has done^ - T'.4 