THEIMAN WITH THE STRAW HAT. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ' A TRUE STORY. T" BY "EDMUND DOWNEY. . (Author of A House of Tears,'.'-.:.", Anchor _ , Watch, Yarns," & o. > (Corrmarit.) \- , y; " Mamma, dear, why do you let that horrid- ,taau como into our room at night i"' : : I "What man, darling?" I asked, scarcely hced- i-,; - . log my child's question. . . v- | : The man with tno straw hat, who stanus , - .before, your dressing-table and does something to his nook." - I put down tlio book I was reading . in my . bedroom and wont over to my child's cot. "Go to sleep, Toddio, dear, "I murmured, . catclnug his outstrotoliod hand and chafing it. : " You have been dreaming, ray pot." " Oh, no, mamma, dear," said tho boy, rising ; up to a sitting posture in his cat, " I am not ' dreaming.. I have nob been to sleap yot. I have been trying to keep my eyes on you, but I could not holp looking at tho man. He frightens me ; so much, mamma, dear." » I was quite alarmed now. What could .bo tlio mutter with my door ohltd— iny only child— my beautiful, sensible, sonsitivo, littlo Teddy? He was only six years of age, but he scorned almost as wise and as gentle ns his father— my darling who bad loft mo for aver just six months before. . "Oh, mamma, dear, why do you let tho horrid ' man come iuto our room ?" pleaded tho child, v tho tears coursing down his .bright chubby choeks. - " He is such a horrid man — so unlike, doarpapa!"' < I burst into a flood of tears. Butinafow I 'moments I succeeded in checking tho torrent of my grief and turned towards my boy. There was plonty of. light in the small bod- room. ' A brilliant reading-lamp lay on tho dressing-table. I gazed earnestly into my boy's wistful brown eyes. Ho was undoubtedly wide ,wiiunc| uuu ns uaoogu iujt uuuu vtvi, mio iuuu x found his white urow was quito cool. I "What is it, Tcddie dear ?" I naked. "There is no man in the roirMtof course." " But thero was "PHlj a few moments ago mamma." Jft | " Indeed thero wasoi, my pet." ' "But I saw him, mamma. He came last wook too, and I was awake and saw him. You had left the room for a whilo, and ho came in at the door and went over to the dressing-table and ho did something strango with his neck. - Then 1 shut my eyes und when I opened thorn lie was gone. You oamo into tho room thou, but I was too frightened to toll you." i I was in a fover of alarm now. What could ail my child ?" . _ " You were dreaming, Teddie, dear," I per sisted, stooping over him and kissing his lips sad his cheeks. " Go to sleep, my pot." | "I am so frightened, mamma, dear. AU the took I was arraid to ask you about the man. To-night he came in again whilo you were read ing, and he stood quite close to you and looked iuto tho looking-glass nnd did something to his aeelc. And then I shut my eyes tight. Won't you promise not to leave me to-uight, mamma, dear ?" " I promise, my pet," kissing him again and laying his head gently oil tho pillow. ."Now go to sleep, dear, whilo I read my book," ; What could ail my darling ? I wandered, as I stood near his cotpatting his shoulders with ray hand. He had never been an odd child, nover jbeen seriously ill ; ha had always slept womlor- tfully well : it was not cosy to frighten or Startle him. Ho had never had any nurse but rnysolf, and I had novor told hiin stories of ghosts or fairies, nor bad I allowed him to hear any such tales. I had always beenhis companion — lie was lny ono thought, my onn idol, always excopting 'that other idol, my darling dead husband, who who bad shured his great love with Teddio and me. > The house I was now living in was situated bard by. tho banks of tho Thames. It was a -pretty little detached cottage, and I had secured at furnished at a wonderfully cheap rental — an important consideration, as my means were narrow, and nil that could bo aaved or Bpared .should bo lavished on my beloved child. I The following morning — Saturday — Teddio Iscemcd to ho quite himself again. Ho romped jwith mo, wnlked out witli me, talked to mo just \- -as usual; and as ho mado no reference to tbo Btiauga umii ui uio uicuiun— igr A iiUU HO UOUQu Jit was. a .dream .which bad disturbed him — I fUiought it best to kcepsilencoonthe unpleasant inibject. Nor did the child refer to the dream during the next week. At least up to Friday Bight. . , ' I On Friday evening shortly bofore eight /clock, as I was tucking him up in his cot, my Inrliugboy said, \- ' " Mamma, you will promise -to remain with pie to-night ?" " Yes, dear," I replied, " if you wish it." ' Then I kissed him and 6at down in the grow ing twilight. . I There was no ono living with us ia the Cottage. A little girl from the neighbourhood did all tho rough house work for me during tbo jday and usually went homo about eight o'clock. -As I did not go downstairs my littlo maid of all /work camo up shortly after eight o'clock to let mo kuow she was going. A sudden impulse lurged mo. nnd I said, " "Will you tell Dr. (Jackson to givo mo a call this evening ? You ipass his houso on your wav homo, I think ?" I As soon as tho littlo girl was gono I got my (lamp alight — Teddio was used to tho light and jit never seemed to disturb his sicop— and sat j/iown near the dressing-table. I was in a some- (What tremulous condition — though I am not 'ordinarily weak of nerve — and found myself agitated by every sound which reached my ears. About nino o'clock I was horribly alarmed to hear a piteous ory from my child. I laid down my hook hnrriedly aud wont over to him. .. " Mamma ! mamma !" be cried. " Thoro ho is again! Ob, why do you lot him como into our room?" I starod round tbo little bedroom but could seo nothing strunge. | "Thero ho is now, mamma dear— near the ;tho lamp on tlio dressing table !" pointing with his forefinger. "And now he is going to lift his hand to his lieek." | I pressed my terrified child to my bosom and v. 60othedbim with words of lovo and, clinging gressures. In a few momonts ho had regained is ordinary- manner, and I allowed his head to sink baok on tho pillow. . Just then I hqard a loud knock at tho daor. \- My boy started. "Can this bo the man' again, mamma, dear ?" said he— "the horrid man with the largo straw hat ?" "No, darling, "Imurmurod. "Itisthe dootor. I havo asked him to come and see my little jTeddie. You will not mind mo leaving you for ja. moment to lot tbo doctor in 1" lot the ball door reeohod our ears, and my dear, : boy murmured— . - l".I feel all right now, mamma. I know he .won't eomo back again. Don't bo long." ' -I I hurried down the short flight of stairs and lot InDr. Jackson, a kind, middle- aged gentle- man, whose face was familiar to me. I brought the doctor up at once to my child and whispered to blm that ho was' suffering from an attaok of nightmare, and that he had a strange delusion ' that lie saw a man with a large straw hat iii the room. . - > The doctor looked curiously, at mo, and then , folt the child's pulse. He asked rao somo general questions about his health, and took mstem- peraturo.,.: .. . " Thb ohild seems all right," said Dootor Jackson, addressing mo in a low voioe. " I. don't think you need bo alarmed. But could I buvo a, word with you out of hie hearing ?" ' - I "Tho doctor wonts to speak to me downstairs, , jTeddie," I said. "Doyoumindmy.leaving ybu' alono for a few moments ?" ; b " No, mamma dear," ho answered, " Only leave tho door of tho room open, won't you ?" When wo readied tho parlour, the doctor, with a grave f&co;, said — " This is certainly a moat extraordinary affair— most extraordinary 1 Your ohild has \- seen, tlireo Friday nights in succession, a man .with a large straw hat standing in front of tho dressing-table, doing aomothing to his neok, as tho little man puts it. Do you know anything of this houso ?" 1 " Nothing whatever, oxcopt that it is vory iy. . pretty, vory comfortable, and very cheap,1! I y .-I'vv'iiV "d'lffani," /aid Doctor Jackson, "my s 1x5 iw" bo pretty, comfortable, , .7 1..:. . ULSh ouco— thero ia no occasion to get >" '' ' ' tlln "Bents by telling them ' 1 ' t my professional advico." \- ' -jASVhst is the mattor ?" I asked, "v. r MI(I 'I10 dootor, "and then j! '-I t iL.- v/sj.yayouriielf. And plcaso undor- "- - 7. — C r;,.r--7.-/eyie>-nr in gliosis, but this is =7" — !"T,d — zak";? euso. This houso was <<.Jfvoni'-"Ui before you touk it. .-as a. nun of somowhat ovil \lJ tlio house, I understand — of boating, Ono Friday . o'clock, ho roturiiod from Sj ti r- lag a largo atiaw list ; t'n I icmc.inlvn- r.eoii;— .isJlort is, throat, standing in front of tho dressing-table in the bedroom."- I left tho awful house that night, more dead, than alive. My boy is a strong man now, and one whom it would bo hnrd to frighton, but ho romombors still, with a fooling of horror, the unaccountoblo vision— the vision douied to me — of tho man with thu straw hac standing in front of tbo drossing-table in tha little bedroom; Tub End! 