LAWRENCE AND ADAM ASK FOR CERTIFICATES. OBJECTION MADE. "UNJUSTIFIABLE LOSSES" In the Insolvency Court to-day an ap plication was made for unconditional certificates of discharge to James Black ; Lawrence and Juntos Philip Adam, of j Melbourne, merchants, trading as Law- rencc nna Aunm. Mr Woolf (Instructed by Mr O. It. Snowball), appeared In support of the application, and Mr. Cohen, of Puvoy, Wilson and Cohen, for the trustees to oppose. Mr. Coheri said that the objection was based on the alleged reckless trading of the Insolvents, They had recklessly given credit to various firms and bad In curred unjustifiable losses without tak ing ordinary business precautions to se cure themselves against loss. The joint estate of the Insolvents would pay u dividend in excess of 7s In the pound, but. the separate estate would pay no thing. The case was a typical one, not of fraud, but of merchants giving credit recklessly. The Insolvents curried on a very large business. From June, 1890, up to the date of Insolvency the turn over was about G.UQO.OOU. There was n committee of Inspection consisting of three of the largest creditors, and they regarded It as their duty not to prose cute or to persecute, but In the Interests of the mercantile community to bring certain fuels before the court. The gross profits for the five years were £94,985 18s lud, representing 9 per cent, on the turnover. The expenses came to £48.240 12a 3d, and the drawings of- the partners totalled £14, 030, or about £1,000 per annum for each partner. The losses totalled £114,790 17s fid. The total debts of the firm, as appeared by tho schedule were £78,334 Us 9d, and the assets were put down at £03,001 10s )0d. As an In stance of the reckless credit given, It might be mentioned that n suburban grocer at Essendun owed them tz.ZJii. The Joint estates would pay a dividend of about 9s hi tho pound, owing to a very favorable realisation, and tbe skill with which the estate hnd been handled by Mr. ItJiey, the trustee. Commenting further on the facts dis closed In the examination, Mr. Cohen said that between June. 1K92 and Mnrch, 1895, a grocer named Rogers nt W1I- llainslown was given credit to tho ex- tont of £2,773 Hs, and the bod debts on account of this customer amounted to £1.962. According, to tlielr own showing £103,000 had been written off for bad debts In five years, it could not be said that this was reasonable trading. The stoppage of the firm was attributed by the Insolvents to the fact that the ex ecutors of the late John Adam were pressing for payment of the capital of the deceased. The actual fact was that the Union Bank declined to give more credit, and the firm had not a possihtu ghost of a clianco of paying, the Trus tees Company. It should be mentioned that the Insolvents In addition to draw ing £14,000 from the business, drew £600 a year each which went into working expenses, lie would nsk the Court to visit Its displeasure on Ute Insolvents. IBs Honor; The Court has no dls- pleasure, It Is simply a question of ad ministering the Act. A great .change has come over the trading community and we shall not see so much reckless credit In future. Mr. Cohen: Personally T am sorry to hoar that; I don't want the business of this court restricted In any way. IBs Honor: It would be a happy state of things for Victoria Jf the business of this court wits very -tittle. Mr. Woolf said that the case was one of large merchants who paid a reason able dividend, hut . who should not on that account bu relieved from paying the balance. . - Air. Woolf- said that he proposed to call Mr. Adam to give the Court Infor mation about certain accounts. James Henry Riley, one of the trus tees In tho estate, said that there' 'won a committee of Inspection, consisting of Messrs. J. P. Richardson, W. B/ Jack son, John Jacobs, and S. J. Warnock. lie had examined tho books of the In solvents and prepared a statement showing tlie position of affairs. At this stage the Court adjourned for lunch. 