CRICKET. NEW SOUTH WALES CRICKET ASSOCIATION The annual meeting of the New South Wales Cricket Association was held last night at the Oxford Hotel follow W J Trickett occupied the chair. The annual report gav of some details of the principal matches play] ed in the colonies by Stoddart a team Of the five intercolonial matches played by this colony New South Wales won only two, viz , against South Australia iitSjilno.v and against Queensland at Brisbane The intercolonial premiership was won by Victoria that colony being thereby entitled to hold the Sheffield Shield There was a noticeable decrease in public patronage accorded to intercolonial matches Of the 14 matches play.) ed against Victoria since 1856 30 had been won by V Latona Of the nine matches against South Australia New South Wales had won fire and of the three matches on even terms against Queensland New South Wales had won two the most successful batsmen for the colony were Iredale, Gregory, Garrett, Moses, Balmain, and Howell, while the brunt of the bowling was borne by M Ivibbin, 'Turner, Callaway and Howell The inter-provincial matches played in Sydney were very successful affairs Gregory and Doonan each made 201 (retired) in those matches Twelve clubs played in the premiership competition which was won by Paddington The most successful batsmen in this competition were Iredale, Garrett, Poidevin, S P Jones, Gregory, Walford Atkins, and Bannerman and the most successful bowlers were Nowell, H Charlton, Shea, Cuttaway, Hogan, and Turner The balance sheet showed a credit of £649 Us, the credit balance brought forward from last year being 1195 5s 4d Mr Abrams moved and Mr Firth seconded the adoption of the report Messrs Teece, Gibson, and Portus supported the resolution Mr Reece said that the interest in cricket last season was unprecedented l'Or that they owed a debt of gratitude to Mr Stoddart and his team, and be hoped they would again welcome Mr Stoddart bore under similar auspices With regard to the finances, he begged to draw attention to the difference between the balance brought forward and the present balances matter of over 340 He trusted that their funds would be husbanded most carefully The report and balance sheet were adopted The following office-bearers were elected President the Hon G H Reid , Vice- presidents Messrs Teece, Carruthers, Hackett, MLC, and Portus, delegates to the cricKet council, Messrs Gibson, 'fleece Portus, and Richardson hon. treasurer, Mr Gibson, secretary, Mr P K Borden The sub-committee appointed to draw up a programme of leading matches for the coming; season suggested the following fixtures Intercolonial matches V Queensland, at Sydney, 13th Docoin bor v Victoria, at Melbourne, -'6th December, v South Australia, at Adelaide, 1st January v Vic- to nil, at Sydney, 15th January, v South Australia, at Sydney, 28th February inter- provincial matches North v West, at Sydney, 31st October Winners v South, at Sydney, 4th November Metropolis v Combined Country Districts, at Sydney, 8th November The sub-committee also recommended that the New Zealand council be informed that if the visit of a representative New South Wales team was required one would be sent, but it would be better if the proposed trip were postponed for a season The committee also recommended that a team be sent to Newcastle and another to the Southern districts The club matches were fixed to commence on the 28th September It was decided to hold a special meeting on Saturday night to discuss the report 1 he rules for the premiership competition were then dealt with. It was decided that South Sydney be not allowed to play anyone residing in Redfern, and that Globo be not allowed to play anyone residing in Leichhardt and Balmain The rules, with that alteration, were adopted Mr Abrams moved,-" That, owing to the Government appointing a trustee for the Sydney Cricket Ground in place of Mr P. Sheridan, a trustee nominated by this association, that the Government be linked to allow the association to nominate another trustee " After a short discussion, the " previous question " was carried, and the matter therefore dropped. The sum of £5 5s was voted for the purchase of a memento for Mr. J. G. Jackschon in recognition of the long services as scorer in leading matches. The annual meeting of the Five Dock Cricket club was held at the Vicarage, Five Dock, on Wednesday night, 22 members being present, and Mr. A W Relph was in the chair. The following office-bearers were elected -President, the Mayor of Five Dock , vice-presidents, Messrs Aldermen Rodd, M'Lean, Captain Ghost, and Lucas, the Rev. J. Elkin, Messrs W. S. Friend, Donaldson, and Gould ; committee, Messrs, Hogarth, Smith, Sherwin, and Donaldson , hon. treasurer, Mr Noble, hon secretary, Mr David Kinnear. Mr. Nathan was elected as captain temporarily. The annual meeting of the Marrickville Borough Cricket Club was held on Friday evening last About 30 members were present. In addition to playing borough cricket, it WU unanimously resolved to apply to the New South Wales Cricket Association to enter into the second- grade competition The club won the union medals for the borough competition, homes only once defeated throughout the contest. F Moore secured the trophy for batting in the A team with 43 7 runs per innings, and! also the trophy for highest individual score (99 not out) G sparks took the bowling trophy, scouring Vi wickets with an average of 8 u runs per wicket In the B team A James won the batting average with 13 7, and R Baker the bowling average, secur- ing ft wickets with an adverse go of Ti 1 runs per wicket The following office-bearers were elected for the ensuing season -Patron, Mr F E McLean, M L A , president, Mr O Moorehouse (Mayor), vice-presidents, Drs Chenhall, Patrick, and Perkins, Messrs Benson, Goodwin, Gould, Farr, Leslie, M'Gill, M'Coy, Clarke, Mo) so, and Scouller, Major James, Messrs Thompson, Willes, M'Oormtck, Bradliuret Davidson, Brereton, Croft, Ashcroft, F Thorpe, Freeman, Langley, C. Turner, Mackell, Day, Smoker, Boyer, Ipkendanz-, Lindley, Saggers, and Swann hon secretary, Mr G O James, hon treasurer, Mr G Wedlock, delegates, Messrs G. C James and J Tanner The annual meeting of the Bexley Cricket Club was held at the Royal Hotel, Rockdale, on Wednesday Mr Charles Osborne occupied the chair. The secretary's reporter the past season showed that the club had been very successful, having engaged in 10 matches, of which 10 were won, 4 lost, 3 drawn The treasurer n balance sheet showed the club to be on a sound financial basis The principal batting and bowling averages were as follows - First batting, A. Birch, iS 2, for 15 innings, second lating, C Osborne, 19 >, for 17 innings first bowling, 1 Brierly, 0 1, for 41 wickets, second Howling, C Osborne, 0 7, for li wickets Office-bearers for the ensuing season were elected as follows -Pi evident, Mr Charles Bull, M L A , vice presidents, Messrs James Thom, H Kinsela John -Bailey, and W Koch general committee, Messrs It II) miner, r Brierly, T Minahan, C Osborne, and A Birch Selection committee, Messrs 0 Osborne 1 Brierly, and A Birch hon secretary, Mr A Birch , hon treasurer, Mr. C. Osborne. 