[?] mwn [?] Au All ! A glorious victory ! The Welshmen wound up their Queens land tour bettor than they began it. It was a sweet bit of news to us to hear on Saturday that the tallies were 11 to 8 against tho boys of Banaualaud. To tell you tho solemn truth, prior to this day weok I felt very resontful towards the ruling powers of Brisbane football for having arranged such a stiff programme for our fellows. One does not miud a match in tho middlo of the week separa ting the two Intorcolouials, but when it comes to cramming threo matches into four days it strikes mo as most preposterous. "Why, if the muscle of footballers wore composed of the finest steel, and a steam engine filled their inside, they could not keep going in this way. I am not much surprised at tho Queensland poople arranging such a programme, because up tlicro they have a decided hankering after tho shekels, but I was much astonished on learning that the guiding minds in Sydney were favorable to the thing. One would think that- tho mombors of tho Rugby Union Committee lioro had never played football in their lives. Of course we know that they have played, and that many of them are shining lights to-day, and it is this which makes the thing so utterly incomprehensible. To show tho arrangomeinont to yon in its true aspect, let me ask you to just imagine what kind of a gruelling would be given the Queenslandors if thoy had been in Sydnoy and mot tho Baud wicks on Wednes day, tho Pirates on Thursday, and New Soutli Walos on Saturday, after having already gone down before the Light Blue so von days earlier. Fancy any team tackling Randwick, Pirates, and New South Wales m four days. The more I ponder over the thing tho more I feel inclined to sum it up as outrageou3.cruelty, which New South Wales would never dream of sub jecting Queensland to, and which the foot ballers of Bananaland would never permit thomsolves to be subjected to. Now South Wales won by 11 to 8, and I was delighted to hear it. 9 9 Yes, my dear friends, though fierce re sentment was burning in my heart at the terrible task set the Now South Wales team, tho effect of the words of victory upon my ears was as sweetly musical as tho trickling murmur of a brook in the first dawn of a Spring morning. As a rule I can always feel generous towards the vanquished, but on this occasion, gentle men, I could have gloated ovor their down fall. And this brings uiu to the point I should have arrived at long ago, which is to extend the sincerest congratulation to tho Welshmen, one and all, for I look upou their doings in that last match as in controvertible proof of their stoutness of heart and courage. The Queonslanders wont into the field to play a winning game, for had not the same team to a man waltzed over the poor southerners a woek jirovioiiB. The Welshmen wont in nfter being badly licked by the same team a woek bofore, and, oh ! tho sorrow of it also, by a club team two days before. Yot thoy prevailed, and I say all honor to tliom, for it was a glorious victory. m m m Tho Victorians came, tliey did not con quer, and thoy havo gone home. Thoy wero a deuced nice lot of fellows, very sociable, vory polite, and extremely well- bohavodj vory attentive to the fair sex, and very fluent as speech- makers; very thoughtful and very appreciative (as wit ness tho little souvenirs to Mrs. Perkins and to Taffy Parish). Thoy were also very modest, very plucky, and possessed very many virtuos and othor good points too numerous to mention. They played vory much better on Saturday, and gave tho public tho impression that they have tho proper talent, which needB only cultivation. The Vies, were beaten by 19 to S, but it was not at all a bad game to look nt. Of course there wero times wlion somo of the Sydnoy fel lows did not play as if it wore for their lives. For instanco, if our fast young friend, Lionel Walker, gets across tho lino this afternoon, you may bet your bottom dollar that he'll go down like lightning if there is tho ghost of a chance of losing the ball, and tho same applies with equal force to tall Tom Alcock and wing-forward Hndwin. The Melbourne mon, however, wore quick to pick up wrinkles, many things occurring on Saturday showing tho great uso thoy had made of their optics on the first day. However, they still aro a long way behind our boys in Rugby, and until -Now South Wales can see its way cloar to play somo big ropresontativo match in. the centre of tho Melbourne Cricket Ground, and thus givo the gentlemon who aro "married" to the Melbourne game a clianco of seeing Rugby under favorable conditions, the battlo of tho handful of Rugbyites over thoro will continue a ' desperate and disappointing one. You might as well endeavor to convince a Mol- burniau that Rugby is anything but brutal as to try to impress upon a Sydneyite that the -Melbourne game has one good point oxcept that it owes its existence to good old Rugby. Well, well, it is a queer world, peopled by queer people possessed of queer ideas. » Although you have heard a good deal about last Saturday's match against Queensland, perhaps you will not mind reading the following remarks on tho play by the Brisbane Coubieb : — "C'obb's kicking was ngain of a vory serviceable character, and his play right through the matches shows ho is a most consistent man. " Macunuinra was the best of tho three- quarters, and though ho did nothing brilliant, yot his kicking and all-round play was done without any mistakes. " Dibley, bohind thoscrum, played his best game of the tour. He had a lot of work to do, and did it well and clean ; his marking wns very safe, and lie paid good attention to his backs. "Of the front rank, Tanner (who, you will recollect, was left out of the first team), Braund, and Carson were the pick, and worked like Trojans, tho two first men tioned being especially prominent right through the game. AU the other forwards also played a hard determined g me, and it is undoubtedly to the front rank division that tho win was mainly attributable." Once more unto tho bnttleB for the Badges, kind frionds, once more. Rand wick versus Pirates, and on the Agricul tural Ground, too ! What a sickly feeling pervadoB you at tho mention of the great struggle. You recollect the last oue on the Agricultural Ground ; how tho people wero all agog for a week beforo; how, on tho day of tho match, they eame from all parts into Fred Webster's domainB ; how the new terraces were thronged; how tho reserved chairs wero packed; how the youths stretched themsolves upon the grass nlong the line, and jumped up like Jacks-in-the-box at ouch bit of exciting play. You recollect all this, nnd how tho wind blow, how the Kandwicks score grow, liow tho Pirates backs mulled, and how the multitude began to trickle away long fore tho game was ended, for it was not worth watching — from a Pirate point of view. » » Then camo tho reversal of tho verdict. How tho wind blow and how tho Pirates drew first blood by a field goal. . The rain and wind and othor tilings helped Raud- wicks downfall, not excluding tho de termined front shown by the Pirates. I don't pay much attention to rumors, but a casual acquaintance in tho tram tho other day informed me that the Kandwicks would liavo a ripping team. "Tomuiio Duggnn and Billy Galloway aro going to play," said ho. Ho had their names off as pat as you plensc. Thero is no fear of Tuimna8 playing, for though he'd liko it very much his log says " no," and as for tho Pony, he has or ought to have moro senso. In my humblost of humble opinion tho preiniors (for you know they still aro the premiere) aro tho bettor team ; but some times the bettor team does not win. Pm not going to mako a tip, though I did in tend to stato to-day that I oxpoctod Rand wick to win, but on Wednesday a dainty envelope enmo addressed to mo in vory dainty handwriting. This protty littlo note containod a stirring nppeal to my " woll-known kind ""nature" (this lady evi dently knows ine woll) "not to tip tho Kandwicks." It would bo most ungallant on uiy pnrt not to limnor tho fair one, but as mademoiselle did not ask me to tip the Pirates I shall not plncc it on record that I fancy thoir chancos more than tho giants of indigo and gold. Rush Nolson lias blossomod forth as a football instructor. Ho is engaged by the North Shore Grammar School to toach the young idea how to kick, tacklo, and fond. His pastoboard boars the following inscription "H. Nolson, football coach and instructor." Rush liimsolf forgnts ono of tho first things u conch insists upon, viz., good condition. Tho Pirate captain has lately shown that his condition is decidedly poor — ho cannot koop going as ho used to. Tho Victorian tliroo-quartor, Murphy, is a brothor to Foather-woiglit William of that ilk, now doing Ainorica. Tho Vic torian is a strong lump of a nmn, resem bling liis boxing brothor in tho faco (which is not that of a pug by any means). Jitnmiu M'Mahon, you will recollect, tacklod liim on Saturday, and, when the pair came down, the full-back was under neath, caressing mothor earth with his back. Jimmio did not got up as quickly as usual; nob quite so onorgotically as ho did aftor depositing tho other wing throo- quartor (Mooro) upon the grass. Tom M'Mahon, the ex-Randwick forward, is playing with tho Carltons to-day. Tom is a noted raconteur. Ho began telling a yarn at the Redfern Station on Sunday morning and had not finishod on his roturn from National Park at 9 p.m. I was dilat ing upon Tom's graphic account of tho sights pro3entod in tlie story to a friond of his on Thursday, when I was informed that his host achievement in this line was the narration of an adventure that he and Bob Lewis onco had, said narration occupy ing the timo of a journoy from Goulburn to Sydney. D. J. Nelson is described by a Brisbane paper as " without a doubt one of tho mo3t promising of Queensland players." I should say Nelson is past his days of pro mise. Ho was that a couple of years ago in the Unis, and has sinco attained tho top ruDg of the football ladder. Tho scotch of W. L. Walker spoeding away with the ball that appeared iu the D.T. on Monday was not unlike Irving Sayles. It is scarcely flattering to a white man. » » Leslie, the Pirates forward, is tho Champion One Mile Walker of Australasia. He put up a record of Cmin 21sbc for this distance in Wellington last year. Sydneyites will have an opportunity of seeing him perform at Rosehill on Eiglit- hour Day. The Carltons are supposed to be dead birds for tho Junior fiual. They have to moot Petersham to-day at the Ag. Pro vidod they win, and Surrey win, I havo an idea that last year's Junior champions will lower the crost of tho unboaton Carltons. It is only an idea. A match is on the tapis betwoon the past and present expononts of Rugby. It is suggested to play under the rules that governed tho gamo in tho soventios, and 15 minutos each way. Such ancients as Monty Arnold, Jim Macnanamoy, George Walker, Charlie Wade, George Graham and others are expected to be unearthed. Tho old fol lows would fall in badly wero it not that ono of tlio conditions of tho proposed match is that au old-timo umpire shall officiate. It is not unlikely that tho rules bearing on free kicks and charging will be altered next season. A prominent inembor of the Union intonds proposing that tho player who makes the catch shall place and kick tho ball, and that the opposing side shall not bo allowed to cliargo ovor tho mark whore tho catch was effected. Ho also pro poses to do away with tho placor in kicks for goals from tries. » Porcy Mnoarthur Lano, who captained tho Now South Wales men in Queensland, was on the King-street block on Tuesday, looking very woll aftor liis Brisbane battles. I must add inino to tho many congratula tions tho skipper ef tho Wallaroos has had thrust upon him, for although I had to noto tho fact that ho was not in brilliant form in Sydnoy, I fool a bit proud of his grand scoring up above. His success in getting trios and Henlon's non-success in Brisbane is the reflex of Sydney form. Hero the long one scored in nearly every match, and the Marsupial captain did not. Tho Victorians took the Junior full back, Dooley, to Batlmrst, and played him. The Bathurst fellows did not know of this, but I suppose if they had been aware it would not have made any difference to thorn. The Victorians were picnicked at National Park on Sunday. It was quite a talking success. Among othor things thoy proposed the health of the Press, but were careful not to mention yourB truly. The picnic was remarkable for the number w ho turned up, for good conduct and sobriety among tho picnickers, for the wonderful amount of talk indulged in by a good many, and tlio silence of a few. » The most loquacious individual was Rush Nelson. I used to tbink that he had over come that little weakness of his, but ho was suffering from a severe relapse on Sunday. But he was not the only ono troubled with the same complaint. The oratorical lienors of the day were carried off by Mossrs. Cunuinghamo, Diamond, and Macmanamoy. V 9 9 Having told you who was tho noisiest member at the picnic, it is only right that you should know who was the quietest. I think it was a dead heat between the two University forwards, Barton and Sawyer. The only occusion on which they were con spicuous wns nt dinner, when they did justice to tho capital spread. Taffy Parish blushed like a maiden of fifteen when tho Victorians presented him with a pocket-book on Sunday. Mr. Diamond spoko of the promising young threo-quarter in most affectionate terms. 9 Harry "Woods and Harry Wood wero both at the picnic. Tho 'Varsity full-back was as quiot as a mouse, but the Wallaroo barracker was Taffy's right hand man. He sung comics (in serious tones), opened bottles, waited at table, and made himself generally useful, as he generally does. 9 9 m Ihe Newcastle Juniors are very fine samples of tho Australian j uuior. They have legs, arms, and bodies like bo many Billem Edwardses. They seem to be as hard as stool, and in good condition, but thoir com bination wants working up a good deal. » Henry Palmer Abbott was non enl on Saturday. The selectors did not know whether he was going to play or not. Yet thoy put his name down. Abbo was out of , town, so I am told. 9 9 9 Barrio dropped a good goal againBt tlie Victorians last Saturday, and he also dropped one in tho first match. Tho odds are, howover, that William will not drop oue this afternoou against the Pirates. 9 9 9 The Pirates evidently were not thought vory highly of by tho selectors, who, in the late Intercolonial games picked only four of their men. Randwick had nine mon solected, and University and Wallaroo six each. Either M'Murdo or Sinclair might have been given a show iu the games against Victoria. 9 9 Richard Manchee has exceptionally large mawloys, for he gripped the ball with one hand on Saturday and ran about twenty yards with it, then he panted. Richard ought to make a good outfield at crickot. 9 9 9 Little Tongli, the centre three-quarter of the Victorian team, is of opinion that pro fessionalism is fast killing the Australian game in Melbourne. He is a convert to Rugby, and tells amusing Btories about the imagined brutality the average Victorian associates with his second love. Though Tough, he is a tender- hearted little man. 9-9 Those gold inedalB in Pearce's window look very tempting. The sight of them should be sufficient to imbue the Pirates with an unquenchable dosiro to secure possession of them. 9 9 9 lb is rather a triumph for Percy Mac- namarato have figured prominently in both Intercolonial at Brisbane. Ho was selected in preference to any three-quarters in Pad- dingtou or Randwick, two clubs which cast liim off. Percy ha3 realised one of liis liighost ambitious ; another is to be on the victorious Bido onco more against the Randwick; and still another to represent Now South Walos at cricket. Persevere,' Percy, my boy; persevere. » « » FOOTBALLS.— Solid Leather, with boat Bind, ilors, from 3s 3d. All Sporting Goods, Lowest Prices, at Mick Simmons', Kaymarltot, aud Iirauob Establishments, Uoorgo and Oxford-stroet. 