Church Intelligence. Twelve boys and seven girls were confirmed by Bishop Stanton at Wickham on Sunday. Dean Stretch, of the Diocese of B iJlarat, preached in St. Andrew's Cathedral on Sunday morning. The Morpeth Band of Hope celebrated its first anniversary on Tuesday evening 1 ft by a concert Fathers Burke, O'Leary, and Walsh have been nrminated to the Pope to succeed the late Bishop Moran, of Dunedin. The authorities of the East Maitland vvesieyan Church have been organising several forms of en tertainment lately for the purpose of raising fund?. Rev. W. Colinso, of Napier, N.Z., has invested .£1000 in British Government securities for the benefit of the poor of Penzance, Cornwall— his native place. The Rev. F. B. Boyce, St. Paul's, Redfern, has exchanged with the Rev. W. H. H. Yarrington for | the month of June, the change taking effect from Sunday last. The congregation at St. Andrew s Church, New castle, has applied to the Hunter Presbytery for moderation in a call to a colleague and successor to the Rev. T. A. Gordon. The Rev. C. Jones, WeBleyan Church, West Maitland, and the Rev. J. HopkinB, the newly appointed minister of the Morpeth circuit, changed pulpit* on Sunday evening last. The Rev. Canon Goddard, of St. James's Church, Morpeth, has been nominated to fill the vacancy in the incumbency of All Saints, Petersham, in suc cession to the Rev. C. Baber. On Sunday last Cardinal Moran opened and blessed the Convent of St. Keiran, Golden Grove, Sydney, and at a subsequent meeting the Cardinal and Prior Vaughan were among the speakers.? In the T.M.C.A. Hall, Sydney, last week, the Dean of Ballarat delivered a lecture upon 'The Anglican Church and the Roman Claims.' He declared that they could not accept the Roman claim of primacy of jurisdiction, but they im peached it as false on the ground of the appeal to Scripture. At the annual meeting of St. Patrick's Cathedral Building Fund, held on Sunday night in Melbourne, Archbishop Carr presided. The report submitted in connection with the Cathedral Fair and A*jt Union held last year shows that the gross receipts were .£13, 149, and the expenses J23010, the net result being .£10, 139. A large congregation assembled in the Pro Cathedral at Newcastle on Sunday evening, when the Bishop of Newcastle preaebed. The service was conducted by the Very Rev. Dean Selwyn, assisted by the Rev. S. C. J. Grime, and the Bishop took for his text II Timothy, 7: 'For God hath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power and ot love, and of a sound mind.' A religious service was held in the Primitive Methodist Chnrcb, Albion-street, Sydney, on Sun day night, to celebrate the establishment of the fiist Women's Orange Lodge (Daughters of Derry, No. 301) in the colony. In October, 1894, the Grand Lodge decided to admit women's lodges into the institution, and in December last the lodge ' Daughters of Derry ' waB founded. The Rev. A. R. Bartlett, vicar of St. Paul's, Bur wood, has received the offer of the livings of St. Paul's, Ipswich, Queensland, in which parish he has been holding a mission, which waa very successful. On the concluding Sunday at the men's service there was an attendance of 500, and at the evening service on the same day the congregation numbered over 1200. At St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, on Sunday morning last, the Rev. Prior Vanghan was the preacher. His text was the verse of the hymn of the Holy Ghost — Come, Holy Ghost, Creator. Come From that bright heavenly throne, Come, take possession of our heaits. And make them all Thine own. In an interview with a reporter in Sydney, Prior Vaughan, referring to the movement in the Church of England tor union with Rome, states that the Anglican tree has received a severe shake, with tho result that the ripe fruit has fallen into Peter's basket. He farther expresses the opinion that the Protestant establishment is breaking up, and that the strui?trle of the future will be between infidelity and indifference on the one hand and Cutholiciem on the other. He says ho saw many things to strike hia attention when he landed at Albany, but. nothing so much as the following notice — ' Dinner, Is. Squarp meal, 2s. A mortal gorge, 4 bob.' He also snyB thore were a fa:r number of passengers on the Austral, in which he came out, and they in cluded five invalids, who were each accompanied by his own doctor. He was far from well, and had been ordered by his medical adviser at; home to take a long sea voyage, as the best cure. Each of these able and kind-hearted doctors offered to pre scribe for him;. so that he might have had, if he had felt so inclined, five bottles of different medicines to peg away at. in turn every morning. He says Australia Btrikes him as England trans planted under a gorgeous sun, with the starch washed out. 