A CHRISTMAS STORY. k I once wrote for a Christmas Number a story which was designed to treat our annual carnival from a philosophical standpoint. All went well with the hero and heroine ; their troth was plighted ; parents and. guardians and banking accounts made a chorus of approval ; the chorus of true love had not a wrinkle. But one midsummer day the hero was greatly pre-occupied. He was an editor, and the shadow of a Christmas Number had fallen upon his soul. How delighff ul I" exclaimed his affianced, when she learned the sub- j ect of his thoughts. " Of course you will write a story, a real Christmas story for the Number, and after dinner on Christmas Day you will read it to us all by the fire before the lamps are lighted, and I shall sit near you and wonder whether the ghosts will really come, because your ghosts, dearest, wiR seem quite, quite real." They were walking in a beau tif ul glade, and as there was nobod in sight, she leaned her fair young head upon his shoulder. But putting her; aside somewhat roughly, he took six hasty strides, like Eugene Aram, and thus addressed her astonished ear : " Emmeline, this is the moment that I have dreaded long. I should have spoken of this before our engagement, hut I was a coward " — he smote his brow — " and I feared to lose you." : "What canyon mean?" she gasped. " I have kept it from you — may I be forgiven 1— but now you must kuow tunc i sutler trom — ms voice fell to a whisper — " the black herit age of dyspepsia! My father and grandmother wrote tales of Christmas feasting and junketing, and lived up to them ! Before you stands a miser able man, to whom a family dinner on Christmas I)ay is a dream of horror. As I look at you I see the hideous sausage coiling round your neck and the blue flame of snapdragon in your eye. Ah !" lie sank to the ground and buried his face in his hands. But she was- cold and stern. "Ernest," she said calmly, " this is a very bad case of heredity, and here-, dity is quite incompatible with our romance. I have been brought up on the family dinner and the Yule-tide log, and how to abandon the safeguards of domestic life, and let in anarchy.", " Enough," he cried. " Let us part We are the victims of the great war between the new philosophy and the Old beliefs. Farewell ! And when you sit among your aunts .and pull the Tom Smith cracker " But his emotion choked his utter ance, and he fled. How did they spend tbeir Christmas Day ? In a lonely attic, over a rasher of bacon and one small coal (Wallsend was then Ave pounds a hundredweight) shivered a man of careworn hut deter mined aspect, a volume of Schopen hauer in his hand, and another of TIegel on his knee. In a comfortably furnished room, surrounded by mature but sparkling spinsters, in one hand an orange, in the other n glass of port (oranges and port always followed the midday turkey and. the five-o'clock jam qu the great festival day in that circle) sat Emmeline with a hectic flush and a quivering lip. Presently the spinster aunts looked at her and said, " My dear, you have not asked us your riddle." She knew that to them Christmas would not he Christ mas without the conundrum she had put every year since she could lisp, She made a brave effort—" Why is a bald head like lieav — ?"— but it was too much, and she swooned away. 