[continued from Wednesday's issue.] [all rights reserved.] NOW. FIRST PUBLISHED. THE PIRATE TEN'. A SALT-WATER ROMANCE. Bv ;W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "The Golden Hope," " Th Death Siiir," "The Goon Ship Mohock, CHAPTER X. The Sleep-walker. : Meanwhile on the poop the Captain walked right aft beside.the wheel smoking a cheroot, and with him paced the surgeon; who told him that Miss Holroyd's illness was of a very light nature ; something she had eaten had disagreed with her. ' Otherwise we are a healthy ship, sir, said the old skipper. '.ift, yes; forward up to the sailor's average, sir,' said the surgeon. ' It is a good average, exclaimed the skipper, after a suck at hia weed. ' A very poor average surely, sir,' said the surgeon. ' How would you have it other wise ? They get nothing to eat. If it were not for the air they feed on, they'd die.' Old Benson came to a stand as though shocked, and exclaimed sternly, 'There is no class of laboring men better fed than the sailor.' The surgeon, bowed contemptuously. It was not for him to argue with this despot of the quarter-deck. ' Pork, beef, pudding, soup, biscuit, rum. sugar molasses,' continued the_ skipper tott ing off die items upon the air with a flourish of his red-ended cigar as he croaked on. ' Does your laborer get such food ashore 1 Can a man starve oil such food at sea ?' ' Captain,' said the surgeon, 1 it's the skeleton of famine that slaughters sailors' meat and pickles it, and the skeleton serves it out to them. This, sir, is a liberal ship. I've eaten of the forecastle dishes and there is no nutriment in what I swallow. There is nothing I saw proper to maintain vitality in the human frame saving the worms in which the biscuit abound.' He is drunk ! thought the astounded Cap tain. The mate's voice just then he heard calling. The skipper went along the dock, and tho surgeon below. 'Icouldn't make outwho itwas,air,' said the mate, stand:ngatthe rail and addressing some one on the quarter deck. ' It's too hot to turn-in,: exclaimed Captain Trollope in -a drawling note. The little skipper reached the mate's side and looked down. ' Who is that, sir]' said he, peering suspiciously, though ho saw plainly enough, for Trollope stood in the small sheen flowing through the cuddy windows. ' Captain Trollope, sir,' said the mats. ' What are the regulations in this ship?' exclaimed Trollope, backing to the quarter deck captain and .leaning in a haughty pose whilst he looked up, * uo you put your passengers to bed like school-boys that a man can't walk tho deck here on a hot night for a mouthful of fresh air without being chal lenged by the officer of the watch1?' ' It was no challenge,' said the mate. 'I thought you were one of tho seamen.' ' I shall stay on deck all night if I choose,' said Trollope, pulling out a cigar case, with no intention. hoA-over, of smoking. 'My passage money entitles me to the use of this ship.' 'To your cabin, and the table, sir, but to the deck at the discretion of the commander' bawled the skipper, who had come to this talk angry from the surgeon. -' I decline to listen to you, Captain Ben son,' said Trollope. ' You act impertinently in addressing me. You owe me an apology and I intend to exact it as a gentleman and as a man who has had the honor of holding her Majesty's Commission. Failing it, sir when we arrive in London, I will take a very early opportunity of what sailors call 'squar ing, the yards ' with you.' Saying which he lounged out of sight into the shadows about the galley. Old Benson's lungs pumped withan engines power with passion. The mate a few feet dis tant heard him blowing like a grampus. But what could ho do ? Prudence not to be neutralised by temper was owe of his several useful naval qualities. Supposing he locked Captain Trollope up—laid him in irons as his. present rage dictated? The news would spread on the ship's arrival. Tho papers would com ment with their usual impertinent freedom on the subject. Captain Benson would be known as the skipper who clapped has passen gers in irons for venturing to take the air of a hot night. A man who knew Benson well once said of him to another 'There is not much sentiment in Benson.' 'Yes, plenty,' answered the other, 'but they call it Sfty-per sentiment.' The old skipper hoped to sail thesea3 a few years longer, and to add to his dividends which were already not inconsiderable, and so after blowing at the rail for a few minutes he threw his cigar away and went to his cab in. Seven belis were struck at that moment; half-past eleven. Johnson and Hankey were beside the sky-light; no other pnssengers were on deck. The man at tho wheel stood soli tary aft. The two men lighted their pipes when the Captain went below, and the mate said nothing, for why should ho stop men from smoking when the ladies had gone to bed? A wide high night of stars and clouds mov- < ing slowly over the ship. Here and there the ! sea-glow glanced in puffs of green smoke, and ! the ripple at the forefoot broke steady and ! strong : but the occan was wonderfully ; smooth, save that-' the long sighs of the Pacific breast at peace rollod-'in" the wake of the.recent gale,.and the three heights, rising pale, beat time to the mysterious unheard music which sots the stars dancing over the mastheads of sailing ships. The shadowy figure of Captain Trollope came and went on the quarter-deck within sight of the mate, who watched him "as if he feared he was going to blow up the vessel. Not till eight bells did that tall shape disappear. Mr. Matthews, with some relief of mind, then saw it stalk into the cuddy, and close iu owii cabin door upon itself. John son and Hankey had by this time smoked their pipe3 out and vanished. The girl had not shown herself. One or another had found an excuse to listen tiptoe fashion at her door ; once Hankey did so, Shannon too, and Caldwell, all under the pretence of draw ing wator from a filter abreast of Miss Man sel's berth ; but no sound had been heard, and it was then felt and understood by the conspirators who were sober, that the girl, for good reasons she wotald doubtless be able to explain, had resolvod not to communicate what she lu.d overheard till the morning. It was now Mr. Poole's turn to tak charge of the ship. He arrived promptly, and when the mate was gone sent a Iaz} glance at the sea, and to thoroughly awaken himself for the four hour's duty, fell to pac ing the deck. There had been some bustle forward at eight bells when such of tho watch below as were in the forecastle turned out, but all was auiet again. A midnight calm overhung that dark end of the barque. The lookout man sat himself down on the foot of a cathead, and folding his arms, sank his noss and snored through it; that, he thought, was lookout enough for a fine n'ght, in a spacious ocean, and nothing in sight. Scarcely was it one o'clock in the morning when a most dismal, melancholy, wailing was heard proceeding from the sea, appa rently right ahead. It was something liko the cry of the jackal as it snesks to tho river's edge for a meal of black meat, but startling and amazing, because so sudden, so uncommon, so unexpected and wild, and beast-like. ' What's that ?' said Mr. Poole, aloud to himself, and when that strange cry was repeated a minute after, dourly pro ceeding as before from the sea right ahead, he yelled out again, ' What's that 1' loud and shrill. The lookout man leapt to his feet and sprang into tho head to look over the bows. The watch tumbled on to their legs and ran confusedly to the forecastle. Again sounded the melancholy, long-drawn, heart-subduing, wailing noise, and Mr. Poole, wild with im patience and excitement, unable to obtain a reply from the men, jumped on the quarter deck and rushed forward. Thus were the principal decks for a space rendered vacant; the helmsman was far aft ; nothing happen ing on the quarter-deck would be visible to him. ' What is it ? ' cried tho second mate, thrusting in amongst the men and looking over tho bows. The ocean came in a smoky shadow to the ship, and the ripples arched aft in trembling gleams, but the sound of the feathering of them into froth was too dim and delicate to break the awful hush of night upon the ocean to the ears which now crowded at the rail of the forecastle head. The wing-shaped can vas soared in pallid spaces from bowsprit and jibbooms, deepening the darkness of the night behind them. They pulled tremorless at their sheets and weight enough was in the breeze to gently heel the whole fabric, the main-royal sailing like a cloud against the stars with t.ho swing of tho swell, and two thin lines of winking lights shooting inte the black water astern from the eddies and broken brine about the barque's haunches. ' I don't see nothen,' said a gruff voice. ' What the blazes is it or was it ?' ' Ain't that like a raft out there ?' OS claimed another. 'Raft in your eye,' grumbled Tom. ; ' There's another man gone mad and another soul gone lost.' Again it sounded, always ahead, yet faint, and seemingly in the air. What is one to compare that melancholy affrighting note to? Probably the African explorer may hear something like it when tho cathedral gloom of tho mighty forest has blackened into midnight. 'Seems to be drawing ahead of us, said a" mm in a hoarse whisper ot fear and awe. ' Where's the g?.Ic b'owed us to V said an-' other. ' Smite my eyes if the Red Sea ain't aboHrd.' 'Hold your jaw,' cries the second mate, ' and use your eyes. What d'ye see V ' Dummed if I don't think it comes from aloft V said a sailor, and turnin'g his back on the rail he lifted his chin and stared straight up at the fore royal. ' Hallo, hallo ! Why, what tho blooming blazes is that,' roars Tom, writhing and staggering and pointing. They looked ; the figure of a man was now to be seen—but as an apparition or phantom bestriding the fiying-jibboom end !—A cold | horror rail in tho blood of the superstitious seamen. A dead silence fell upon them whilst they stared, and not the least amazed and terrified of the gogglers was young Mr. Poole, tho second mate. ' Fok'sle there !' came a hail from the jib boom end, ' can any of you tell me how the deuce I've got out here V ' Hang me,' muttered the second mate, ' if it isn't one of the ten passengors. Hallo, you, sir!' ho shouted, 'what are you doing out there? Lay in, lay in! You've alarmed the whole ship's company with this tomfoolery.' ' Tomfoolery !' cried back tho" gentleman, who continued to bestride tho boom end, 1 who's the tomfool that's played this joke off on me 7 Who's launched me out on this dangerous place ! If I let go I am a killed man.' ' Is he drunk ? said the second mate. ' Lunatic, sir, lunatic,' growled Tom. ' We must brinp; him in,' said the second mate, 'or he'll be overboard. Jump out ! some of ye men and help him along.' But oven as he spoke these words the shadow at the flying jibboon end had cast its ^ legs over and was sliding towards the fok'sle in a manner that instantly satisfied the experienced eyes of the Jacks that ho required no assistance. He drew in very stealthily, pausing when at the bowsprit, as though to admire the picture of the ship as she drove in sleepy beauty, pale .and silent over tho water. ' Come in, sir,' bawled the second mate, and in the man came, gaining the dock with as nimble a spring over the rail as was ever witnessed on a man-of-war. The seamen crowded round him; Mr. Poole shoved in ; the gentlemen was Mr. Walter Shannon. He wore pyjamas and a white shirt, and was hatless and barefooted. A figure thus clad would easily dissolve at the distance of tho Hying jibboom end of the 'Queen'into tho pallor and gloom of the canvas. Rubbing his eyes and yawnin^, looking first up and then down, then round him with sudden motions of his head, Mr. Shannon counterfeited a hundred mark's of agitation, distress, ar.d bewilderment. What is the meaning of this, sir!' said, the second mate, sternly. ' I think I see it all now,' exclaimed Mr;: Shannon, talking as though his teeth chat> tored. 'I have walked in my sleep.' i ' And talked too, I allow,' said a man with a grunting laugh. ' What Christian country does that there howl of yourn belong to 1' ' It is quite clear to" mo "now,1 exclaimed- - Mr. Shannon, speaking in a voice of awe. 'I have walked in my sleep. To think of my havingcrepbin my unconsciousness-to-that extreme Dointof the ship there! Good angels, what an escape ' There worn't much the looks of an oscape in the way you came slidin' in,' said a man. ' Stop your people from being impertinent Mr. Poole,' said the gentleman. What's the good,' suddenly roared Tom, 'of a man laying out to a ship's flying jibboom end and yowling: Goin'thoro for that? What's the bloomin' good of it? All in the dead of the night. Do they call it sleep-walking? I've known sailor men ashore got a month for smallor skylarking jobs than this,' and the grumbler stepping to the foro-scuttle dropped noiselessly into the siamen's den. ' The Captain'll want to know the meaning of this boom-ended joke of yours,' said Poole, stooping to get a view of the poop under the foot of tho foresail. ' What do I care for the Captain ?' re sponded Mr. Shannon, folding his arms and stiffening his spino into a lofty carriage. 'Is ho ship's doctor as well as ship's Captain ? Then he'll know how to euro my disease. And may I ask,' he went on in a tono of wounded dignity, 'if no lookout is kept aboard this ship of a night ? How is it that there's nobody aboard a shipful of peoplo to stop a man from going overboard in his sleep V ' It's my lookout,' said a rough voice. ' I never seed you nor the likes of you como forrard.' _ -- 'Well, sir,'says Poole, hotly making a move in the direction of the forecastle ladder, ' sleep-walking or no sleep-walking, the Captain's got to hoar of this and the rest'll bo his job.' ' Stop 1' exclaimed Mr. Shannon, 'Hera is a portion of the crew. Are these men tho watch on deck ?' ' Wha's dot got to do roit you ?' growled a man. ' I should liko to learn,' continued Mr. Shannon, speaking as though he would detain the interest of this queer business on tho forecastle as long as possible, ' if any man saw me pass—how I looked—how I walked?' 1 Who's going to keep a lookouc for sleep walking passengers on such a night as this ?' ! said a man;. ' We signed to do men's work. If you wanj; nussing you should have shipped | your Sally 'along with you ?' 1 These men are beastly impertinent,'' : exclaimed Mr. Shannon, letting fall his arms r, and spinning round. ' If you are common sailors you should behave as such.' 'Come aft, come aft, sir,' exclaimed Poole, catching him by the arm, and he addod in a hot whisper, ' This is the sailor's end of the ship. Tou're mad to anger them here. Look ! every belt has its knife. I'll not be answerable,' ' I'll make it right"with ycu, my lads. Fired if I yet know whoro I am,'" and Mr. Shannon stretched his arms and yawned and stared again first up and then down and then around with a fine affectation of bewilderment and alarm. But it had now run into moro than twenty minutes since Mr. Poole rushed from the poop to the forecastle to learn the meaning of the distressful, spiritmoving, wailing, and in less time than twenty minutes a barbarous murder may be done. With sauntering steps Mr... :Shannon followed the second mate off the forecastle, but when ho was in the thick of the shadow bstwist. the bulwark and the long-boat he made a stride, and catching the' officer by the shoulder, arrested him with a hand of iron. Poolo sprancr round to hi 3 own defence. The other laughed 3oftly at the second mate's fighting attitude and exclaimed: My dear follow, you quite mistake. I merely wish to ask you—' • ' By thunder, Mr. Shannon, but it'll go hard with you if .you handle me again in that fashion !' interrupted Poole in a voice strong with resentment and dislike ; in fact the strength of the other had put the shock of a blow into his mere grasp. My dear Poole, I really apologise ; I merely wishad to ask a question. Am I,' said he, making a step, so as to command the interior of the cuddy and obtain a clear view of tho quarter-deck ' to return to my bc-d, or do you wish me to accompany you to the Captain's cabin V ' There's the Captain himself,' cxclaimed Mr. Poole, and as he spoke the little figure of Benson howled from tho head of the poop ladder : ' Where's tho officer of the watch ? Who's that man in white down there ? How is it there's nobody in charge ?' The unfortunate young mate mounted the steps; he was followed by Mr. Shannon, from whom, as though ho had been a spectre, Captain Benson shrank, staggering off in a clumsy recoil. Poolo instantly began : ' It's Mr. Shannon, sir. We found him on the flying jibboom end, sir. Ho wa8 singing out in a doleful, frightful voice, and I rushed forward, getting no answer from the men, thinking there was a boat or raft, or some thing of that sort undor the bows.' It was too dark to seo tho Captain's face, but the expression of it was figurable from the noise he made in breathing. Then he foil tc sputtering : ' Tho ship was placed in your charge, sir. You had no right to leave this deck, sir. Out on the flying jibboom end ? Mr. Shan non d'ye say?' With a loud suspicious sniff he approached the gentleman, who exclaimed pleasantly, ' It's all right now, Captain. Hope I haven't brought tho second officer into a difficulty. It's through no fault of his that I was out at the end of your long spar yonder. I walk in my sleep. Ever carried passengers before who walk in their sleep ? Must have heard of course of that dreadful disease called som nambulism ? Is it a disease ? A distemper then. A distempered' brain will make a man walk when his intellect is wrapped up in slumber. I might have gone overboard.'' Here the whole white figure of him shook with a well-acted shudder. The little skipper followed him with pant ing impatience, mad to got in a word. The other falling silent he whipped in : 'You mean mo to believe that you found your way from your bed to tho jibboom end with your eyes shut ?' 1 With my eyes open,' exclaimed Shannon, ligVJy. 'The sleep-walker seems to stare with straining eye-balls, but sees not,' , 'Fctch the doctor, sir,' said the Captain to Mr. Poole. Tho second mate rushed down the ladder. ' Why disturb the doctor. Captain,' said Mr. Shannon, walking to the foremost sky light, and sending a hawk's glance down. The Captain now perceived that tho gen tleman's feet wero naked, as he had before observed that his head was uncovered, and that in short the man was costumed for tho bunk. ' What's tho good of rousing up the doctor ?' continusd Mr. Shannon, returning close to the skipper, who stoutly held his ground. 'Don't you believe me? What on earth do you think should carry me to your flying jibboom end, as you call it, in my bed clothes to risk my life if it wasn't this trick I'vo had ever since I was a child ? I had nearly let go when I opened my eyes and looked down and saw tho barque's cutwater spitting fire into tho sliding black water, half a thousand feet off as it seemed.' The skipper foil back a step. Was the man insane ? He was in a lonely part of the dock with him—a little man, and t'other hud a chest like a table—and in silence he pricked his ears for the return of tho mate and the arrival of the surgeon. ' You've got a sleepy-headed crew, Mr. Shannon went on. Why didn't they stop mo from climbing out on that spar ? What in flames is the good of such alookout as is kept aboard this Queen ?' The ship's not over in sured, I hope 11 dont know how tho rest of them below will relish my yarn.' Ho is mad, thought Captain Benson. But he was in a terrible rage too. He went to the rail to blow, holding the other, however in the corner of his eye. Two figures at this instant came out of the cuddy door. 1 Come up, come up, sir !' tho skipper shouted. Tho zealous but unlucky Poole sprang up the ladder. The doctor's stop had tho leiBureli ness of uncertainty. 'Here's this gentleman says he's walked in his sleep out of his bunk on' to the flying jibboom end, where ho foil to howling" causing tho second officer to commit a grave breach of duty by quitting his charge to seo what tho matter was on the fok'slo, instead ; of calling me. Now, air V Tho Captain volleyed these words at the < doctor, who answered quietly, ' A case of sleep-walking, eh ! Who is it ? Mr. Shannon, j : Sir, you have had a narrow escape of your life. But .ire we - to bclioro-it, sir V rasped Captain Benson. B ■'I would ad viae you not to exasperate me with these needless affronts,' said Shannon, sternly, and.his ivhite figure looked firm in the dusk.. 'This ia the second time you have given me tho die.' 'My arms chest has been plundered,' bawled the skipper.-- 'Things are wrong in thia ship. What are you doing in the middle watch at the jibboom orid, howling. How did he- hovyj, sir?' lie cried rounding on Mr. Poole. ° Most shockingly and infernally, sir.' Must explain, doctor, that I am a somnambulist, will ye? Have you any book on the subject ? ^ But of your own experience, 110 doubt, you'll have plenty of tales to entertain and convince the Captain with.' Contriving every attitude of sulky con tempt his figure could convey by that light, Shannon lounged to the companion way and sank, all whito like a ghost, through the hatch. ° Ghost-liko still ho slided through the cuddy. All was quiet save the quiet com plainings of tho ship. Captain Trollopo had been mistaken in supposing that the doctor would be in and out all night with Miss Holroyd ; the young lady had been sleeping soundly for an hour past, and Mrs. Hoi royd was in bed in tho bunk atop, asleep too Nevertheless, Mr. Shannon shot a look at the" Holyroyds' berth as he passed ; they slept two doors abaft Miss Mansell; between lay Mr. and Mrs. Storr ; and forward by a door was the cabin shared by Mr. Peter Johnson and Mr. Paul Hankey. Mr. Shannon slided on noiseless naked feet, and coming under the foremast skylight ho stopped to catch what the Captain a°nd the doctor were saying. He heard the doctor toll the Captain that there could be no doubt Mr, Shannon had walked in his sleep: surely no mere love of_fooling would take a man out of his bunkin his bed clothes,andsethim a-cock-horsmg the end of that dim projecting spar ; it was a mercy when he awoke that he hadn t^ fallen. Mr. Shannon heard the ' grumble of suspicion in the Captain's answer; they moved from tho skylight and their words grew inaudible, on which Mr. Shannon lightly knocked onDaveniro's doorand passed This had been Burn's berth. Mark Dave nire sat upright in the only bunk it contained • his huge legs clothed in drawers hun" ovor the edge of the shallow board that held the mattress, and his great figure seemed to fill the place. By the dim light of a lamp sway ing at a bracket the two men saw each other Davemre s oyea had an extraordinary britfit £nS r J y 1j°.ne like fire in his Pale face Sunlight would have submitted him white as milk. His largo heavily- framed form was trembling, and as Shannon entered tho bin pale fellow.put down a flask. n' ' me thafc if thore's a drop in it,'whis pered Shannon. 'Take it,'said Davenire, pointing to his side ; he would not extend his arm ; he did not want Shannon to see how his hand shook Ihe other picked up a flask and sucked down a raw mouthful. ' I've done my bit ' oaidhe, I got them all forward. How was it witn you V ' Oh, my God !' muttered Davenire. 'Do you mean—?' ' No, no. The secret's our own still. I've been listening to her calling to me through there. a Shannon shuddered and said in a defiant sort of way as though seeking for spirit in demeanor, ' Was it quietly managed,' 'Caldwell's a bloody monster!' was the answer \\\ hatever ho takes in hand in this way is bound to be quietly managed.' _ Shannon drew- closc to the bunk and speak i"™ W his lips at Da venire's ear, said . inere must be no delay now. If Trollopo •won t consent the rest must rise and do it Murder s been brought into the business— wo d hoped against that you know—' A poor girl!' groaned Devenire, tremb ling and talking as though Ilia other ear was strained at the open port, 'If we should be clapped under,' con tinued Shannon, 'we're hanged men ' ' T°-m°rrow night,5 said Davenire. 'Or thia night's that's to come,' he added,- look ing towards a large silver watch that dandled at the extremity of his great silver chain by tho aide of the lamp. 'Sneak off now and turn in. Without another syllable Shannon slipped spectrehke from Davenire's berth and gained his own. (To be ccnthweA next Wednesday.) 