PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL. Tisa very acceptaolo rains that have fallen through ous thedistrictthisweekwilldo animmens lotof good. Much more isnededd, but the present fall will give the grass a start and stock will thus bb saved from impending starvation. Some of tho. weakest will probablygotothe wall, but itis thoughtthatthe worst has been passed. It is ti he hoped that dairymen will not forget the lesson they have been tasght during the winter; and that they will take steps to layby suffticient feed for their steek in times ot reity. Now that dry seasons have returned it is noet unlikely that we will have a succession of them. Perhaps the best news of the weeke is the capital tone with which the wool sales tof the season have openied in Sydney. Competition is reported to be keen, prices high, and results in every way satis factory. The present prices are about 1ld over theb average realised for the last clip, and it is fully three years since 8ld pee lb. was paid for greasy fleece of alike qunalityto that sold during the week. The great advantages of this improvement to the pans toralists and the colony generally will be readily understood when it is remembered that our ex portof woolamounts to over 300,000,0001bs. An advance of 1ald on.this would mean something like £1,800,000. \io cannot tell of course what nmay happen later in the season. But all thie outside markets and thle general stai of trade throughouet the world warrant hope of the continuance of good prices. The effccts of the drought in redecing the number of sheep, and especially the lambs, and consequently the amount of the wool this year and next, will tend to the maintenance of the market. In Tuesday's issue we referred to the importance ofireigation. Listeu towhat the Amnerican Agri culturist has to say on this great subjnect :--Irriga tion is thle tolehlstone of successfal agriculture, end the developmentlwhieh the great science is reaching in this country is one of the marvels of the. grann d ago in which we live. Irrigation is so important a anestion at present as to command the aRttcntion of the best minds, and the nationhi irrigation congress with its largely attended annual session is the out growth of a tidal wave of public sentiment now prevailing throughout the cnountry. A glance into the progress which irrigation has already made in aour ftr west, thosea gloriqus hlands wlichl are so rapidly becoming transformaed from a condition of aridity to a state of thle most productivefortility, will will suffice to prove the wondrous thingsahave bees accomplished by leading the waters captive to serve as the handmaid of agrieniture,-sman's grandest occupation. In California, for instance, upwards of 100 million dollars have been exponded in irrigation works, corporate, and privato and there are still fields open for the employment of capital in the further developmenut of irrigation enterprises. In Coloradd there are in all more than 12,000 miles of main eanals, and these convey water to five million acres of rich agrircultural lands, which it may be well to add by way of comparison is an area" larger than thle comlbinred acreago of Connecticut and Delaware. Utah is a laud of the most praisewortlhy irrigation development, and it is from the industrious MIormons tlhat we have learned much regardina the magio use of water in crop production. Idaho has e number ofvast works. Neow Iexieu has been greatly im roved by a Colorado Company. IKansas and braskaas well as portions of WVyomingare making rapid strides towards irrigation improvement, and anl through the southern states we hear of individual irrigation plants, which indicates that a good deul of irrigation work along this line has been inaugurated, proving that the leaven is in the loaf and also that at is working in a way that must redound to the nations that are to be. There is no gainsaying the facte that the true method of agriculture is byameaas of irrigation. "The prices for wool have advanced about 1½d all round." — Sydney paper. "Trot out the wine — we'll have a toast," Is the theme of the squatter proud ; "The tide has turned at last, old man, There's a rift in the low'ring cloud. "With heavy hearts we've worked for years 'Gainst prices low and markets dead, But wool's gone up, an' its joy to hear The click, click, click o' the shearing shed. "So toast with cheer the golden fleece, And here's to good old times to come ; So drink with me to brighter days, With heaps of cash and lots of fun." The squatter starts, his gloom returns, A ghost is there to mock his glee It's Dead Sea fruit, this rise to his [?] The banks will get the L.S.D. Some little flutter has been caused among Sydney milk vendors through recent prosecutions for selling adulterated milk. The vendors put the soft im peachment on the producers and have asked for additional inspectors to test the milk on its arrival at the railway station. The producers, on the other hand, as strongly contend that the milk is sent away pure. The matter is to be inquired into. A few days ago a three-year-old&i;'.~ifer of the Jersey breed, belonging to M1r. MeInnes, of Peppercorn, gave birth to four perfectly developed calves-one male and three females, all of them having since died. It is wonderful what a rage exists in America for orimson clover as a fodder and rotation crop. One farmer says that thousands of acres in the middle and eastern states are being seeded to this crop. He adds :-As a hay forage I have never known'any. thing to equal it, while the seed yields as high as 12 and 15 bushels per acre, though 5 to 10 bushels is a fair average. It lis found to be one of the best crops to use in connection with orcharding. It fills the rotation oxaotly. For instauce, plant peas in the spring, follow with tomatoes for the cannery, and as soon as these are off seed with crimson clover. Thus the ground is occupied with some crop all the time, and in the following MIay, if soil and season have been favourable, you will have a crop of clover twoor three feet high to cut for hay or ensilage and:agood crop of stubble and roots to turn under ti dnrich the soil. Many orcohards are seeded with the clover either to plough under as a fertiliser or to be cut for hay. To feed chickens a capital devico is to procure a frame covered with netting and fix it a few inches from the ground on four pegs. Under this frame the little chicks may feed without being crowded by the larger once. With a few augur holes in the pegs the frame can be raised as the chicks grow. It is one of those clover little devices that help to secure the poulterers' profit. A glut in the potato market has induced Tas manian growers to turn their attention to utilising their crops in other directions. Recently some excellent samples of arrowroot made from potatoes have been exhibited iu Launceston, and a company has started a farctory'at Railton for thus treating thle potato, adding also the drying and evaporatinsg of fruit and vegotables. Potato-growers should commence the seleo tion of seed for the next , year before the crop for the curren year is dug. The best way is to go over the field, select the hills where the most vigorous plants are, pecialy thos that re groin singly the shorter and more otaihy che hotter, dig thoen~ bofore lbs main crop is disturbed and select the seed from those that produce the greatest number of potatoes to a plant. Preference should be givdu to the plants that produce most potatoes to a hill and at the same time most uniform tin size and shape. 