That was tbe position taken by every one who had been Speaker. The objection Sir John took to his remarks and position came ?transrelv from him. Ha had a vivid recollection wnen ne aenverea s- apeeca on thai Progressive Taxation Bill, stronger than anything he bad laid oa the Pastoral Bill, Sir John went over and shook hands with him and congratulated him. (Cheers asd laughter.) Whenever he said any thing that Sir John agreed with be always adopted tnat coarse ; when Sir John differed he adopted another coarse. (Laughter.) Ha woald be false to his position as member for Ligbs and a traitor to South Australia, having; been Commissioner of Crown Lands, if he bsld bis tongue when questions of national importance such as pastoral legislation were nuder consideration. (Cheers.) To ehia impressive reply Mr. MoPhenon added an excellent bacicwg-np effort, con tending that Sir John Downer last session aSected to be concerned osly with outside country, bat when Sir J. CoieVt amendment as to tha 18S8 coantry was accepted by the Government he showed what fan intentions were. (Ministerial choers.) To assist the 1SS8 Iu4ees was praoSically tbe only objaot Sir John had in view. Sir John Downer— That u false. Do yon understand that? Mr. MoPherson understood tb«t when it oame from a gentleman. If Sir John Downer had been earnest abonft the oatside oonntry ? Bill woald have been placed on the Statute book last year. Sir John bad done a great injustice to Sir Jenkin. (Premier— ' Hear, bear.') He sincerely appreciated the efforts of Sir J. Coles to give valuable information respecting a matter in whioh they all sine-rely desired to do the best. (Cheers.) Mr. BarK'oyne, who bad been absent from the House for a few minutes, was astonished oa resanrng to find the air el.-otrical. He denied that his attitude was inconsistent with his Quorn speech. He proposed to move a new clause to follow No. 5 if the surrender clauses were struck oat, otherwise ha would move it as a proviso to clause 27. Tbe clause in question was as follows : - B«(ote reiettinj; on le**e asy lands which had previously beeu held umlec a pastoral leass the Jaminit.ioner shtll obtain a report from tho Surrey or- Oeneral or from the Land Board for tbe ne&rcxit; div.tict, for the purport of ascertaining whether »och Unda. onm to the nature of the soiL the rainfall, or proximity to Maboard or to a rail »ay, alrotdy constructed or about to be con structed, are snitablafor sabdivUion into smaller iokUuc* tor grazta-i and cultivation pnrp»w»; ind if the gorveyor-General or the lAod Board, as the case may ba, ?hall report tint an? such land* are nut suitable for such lubdint^n, then snch lands sh .11 bo dealt with ai provided ia this Act asd in Act5£5«f 1SS3. .._,.„ Mr. Mouio must go with tbe Government. The great bulk of the country was in bis dUtrico. There had been many petitions from agriculturists to occupy 1888 coantry. Years ago. instead of appointing a Board of Advice, aa outside Board was appointed at great expense, which locked op eome of tbe best lands. He oited Mary vale on tbe West Coast. Land which had been pronounced worthless had been resumed at a coat of £10 par mile. The Government might geS an opinion from the Surveyor- General as to what land would be probably wanted for settlement during tha next twenty yean, and khen let them deal with all other land. The Commissioner of Crown Lands— The Surveyor-Geaeral woald eay be did not know what future conditions woald be. Mr. Moale retorted that the Commissioner's state ments must be taken with reservation after he had threatened to resign if an appeal were allowed. The Commissioner of Grown Lands— That is absolutely untrue. The Chairman— That expression most be The Commissioner of Drown Lands—* don t tee why 1 fbould withdraw it, when the leader of the Opposision is allowed to tell an bon. member that be is saying wbat is false. The Chairman— I did not hear is. Sir J. Coles— Withdraw it. Commissioner of Crown Lands— If I cannot say & thing is untrue while another con say it ia feUe, I object to withdraw is. The Chairman— The Commissioner most withdraw it. (Hear, bear.) Coinuiationer of Crown Lands— I withdraw obe expression. I eay the statement is con trary to faot. Mr. Moale— I have heard that before. Commias'oner of Crown Lands — I will pot my word against yours. Mr. Moale— The Commissioner's word was in black asd white. Commissioner o Crown Landa— Where? Mr. Moule— At Port Augusta. The Chairman did not consider the matter relevant to tha clause. Mr. aloule argued that is was. The Commissioner of Crown Land* said We. Moule bad stated several times that he had said he woald resign rather than grant an apoeal. That waa absolutely contrary to faot. What he had -iatd wa« thas rather than grant an appeal to the Supreme Coort he would resign, and if tbe *e«t of the Government bad inudtwd upon granting the appeal whioh Sir John Diwaer dmired he woald not have re miined in the Government. (Mr. Brooker — ' He wants yon torenicn.') That waa what he wanted, bue'he cocid tell Mr. Moale that if he did so the hon. member had not tbo ghost of a show of securing the position. (Ltuzhter.) He bad striven all hi* life to be truthfa!, and whatever efforts the hon. member might moke in the future to mike his character m bad as other pttople he would not take tbe 'lightest notice cf him. His 4ts,temeat had not the slightest warrsnt, and tho bon. momber bad done hi* utmost to misrepresent him. _ Mr. Foiser repudiated the snggoation that when Sir Jenkin Cotes said anything in tbe Hou«o it w«« carried. He did not want to tonch she 183S leaves bec&use; of she risk, but Mr. Bnrgoyno's amendment took half the danger away ; still there was more danger in is than he woald riik. if thoy went on with this vicious priaoiplo there would be whole sale surrender. Wbat Parliament wanted waa to keen She country near th« centres of popu lation for tha denser population which would come. Sir John Dtwner was delighted with the p«rf«ot sympv.hy exinting b*tw«»wi Mr. McPhemon and the Speaker. Probably when Sir Jeokin C ties said to* railway depart:nont «m overmanned and that £20,000 could be s^vod he would meet with the approval of Mr. Me Phenoi*. Sir Jenkin Coles— He did net complain of my spo^kinp. Sir John Downer — Neither did he, and he would n*ver sugeft that tbe Speaker should cos address th» House, but he did say that when tho Speaker ccioe dowu for a tumble he ahnald be prepared to receive as well as give a falL As far as paitoral matters were con cernod tho old warhorstt had carried the Speaker away. (Liujliter.) His own position in she matter had been misrepresented by Mr. McPherson, who should havo known it when be did it, and al*o by the Commissioner of Crown Lands. His position all through had been that there should be no classification, beceuss all cases should be doals with on their merits, and that there should ba a L.-.nd Board and Ls-ad C ours, which uhoald scttlo all the questions dealing with area, tenure, and rent in each c&aa.; (Oomnmsioner of Crown Linda — 'Did you nos want the Landlord end Tenants Aot applied to the pastorales *') It was nathis motion, bat tie supported it. The Cotcint'sitner of Crswn Lands had stated that he opposed the appeal to tbe Supreme Court, but ha had oEtered tbe Comumsioaer an appeal to any Board eo long as it was not composed of Civil eervauta. Mr. Giles rezretted tb&t; tbe Sp*nkftr should oui9 oa to tho Soor or the Houte to accuse Mr. Gurgoyne of changing front. Sir J-*s!:in G^'m — I did noshing of the sort. Mr. GUm — Mr. Bar^oyna hid not changed bid opinions. Tha Speaker — H-ar, hear. Mr. Gil*! did 90S approvo of th9 G jvurnnent pro pj'iil. Hi wanted the land deals with, net locking up thas required for the farmer*, and the Land B--*rd could easily say whioh land w.v- not required. Mr Butler contended that Mr. Howe'a amundmerit had donu all th*t iu ntrxxirv dir. Homhurg censured the Gavemaens for goto; biok on its ova Bill, toeing that Mr. Howe'a remedy was pus asd p»rsel of the Government measure. When the Bill was brou^hs down it was intended tints to some extent claasifica tioa should ba done away with. Sir John Dotrcer -in-J hims-lf had always contended a£ain*tis, and the Government tosotae extent agreed, and now hon. member* complained thas :hey were £eht'm- for tha abolition of all ol.ts-iirloatioa. Jt-r as they h»d carried the Board of Appeal, whioh wa« opposed by the Governaiens, they would carry tbe abolition of c!ai*inca:ion. (Th» Preaiior — ' Waas was your attitude* oa /ha appeal to tbe Supreme Conn V) H*- did not go for aa appeal to the Supreme Court, bus he wanted n Land Board oo the lines laid rlnwa by Sir John Downer. H« ukod iht Governmeat to reconsider tbe p.isittoa. If the CoaQtni»*ion*r of Crown Linda m sincere, ha would ttiko auothrr vote on dawn IS, for instsad of being defeated he would, b«9 viotorioa*. The Co:n:ait jiotier ot Crown Lands *aid some b;-n. myntar* had b-ea caught in their own trap. Mr. GiU* had b^cn very active Utvly, and wh--n h« found that the Country Parrv vta» Komsr t» carry Mr. Howe'* amend m-nt thas gsnsieman thought they coald also pas thn other c!aa^p.-. The Government woulii takrt another vote, or two votes, totecuretheir o-.-n Bill. Mr. Gi'.c*, who was ind ignans at tbe reference to a trap, f aid he ha:l nover been in favour of the »an»Ed meet of Mr. Howe, but he wa-« overrated by the pcrty, sad he was faithful to his party. He Again churged tbe Coin mi'iionor with cooing down to tbe H'-o-« and trying to mi-li-ad and prejudice hon. mambers ono «gain«s another. WbaS had the Pr«ini-«r doao since he had been in the Houoe? He had ruiund the pastoral tcdostry. (The Premier — ' Kept an eye on you.'i If the Pre mier had to keep an eye on him the coantry bad to keep an eye on the Premier. The boar for tbe adjournment of the Honsa (6.33) having approached prevented any further development of warmth on the ques tion. Progress was reported without aay doauioB being arrived at upon clause 19. 