HOW THE WORLD WAGS: There are a number of people who devoutly wish that Quiz would die. Quiz doesn't mean to die, by any means, and despite boycotting adver tisers he never felt so lively in his life. He is not inclined to quarrel with money when money comes his way, but he has the satisfaction of knowing that his efforts to amuse— and he trusts in a small way to instruct—the public of Australia are meeting with more and more approval. Quiz can be found at Port Darwin, just as it is to be seen at Eucla. It is read at Mount Gambier, and you will find it moreover at Wentworth. But the best proof of the popularity of the paper is to be founa in the local sale, and though for weeks past additional copies have been printed, " Sold out" has been the motto within three hours of publication. The adver tiser who will not patronise a paper because he does not believe in its policy is an ass. The business man who has any tact will advertise his wares in a paper which is universally read, and which remains about the \- \ household for at least a week. If there were not a lot of mean sneaks who loaf into tobacconists' shops on the pretext of buying half an ounce of tobacco when they only want to read what Quiz has to say, or a number of paltry creatures who think that threepence paid for a drink in an hotel entitles them to steal the paper, the circulation of Quiz would be three times greater than that of any other journal published in South Australia. Advertiser and Register please copy this puff. It is original. None else are genuine. See that the name is blown into the bottld. * * * * The New Zealand Observer doesn't believe in the reciprocity treaty recently entered into between New Zealand and South Australia. In fact it says that the treaty is "absurd." Here is a sample of the objections raised :— " South Australia takes little or nothing from us* while on the other hand New South Wales and Victoria are good customers, and yet we are giving considerable advantages to South Australia that we are denying to the rival colonies. This in itself is unwise. But to proceed further, what are we to get in exchange for a loss of £20,000 per annum duty on Australian wines, and the certain destruction of our own wine industry ? We are allowed to send barley, oats, horses, and hops free, but South Australia is not likely to take much of any of these things from us. And besides wines and fruits we must admit salt from South Australia free, though we have a struggling salt industry of our own." Lord Carrington said that the spirit of federation was in the air. He was right. It is very much " in the air." * * * The people of Mount Barker have been laughing over an incident that occurred at the local Court last week. The corporal of police has not been stationed long at the Mount, and is not so familiar with the old identities of the place as are the natives. He arrested a certain township celebrity —a lively Irishman, who is only one year short of being an octogenarian —the other day for being drunk and using indecent language, but the seventy-niner having been allowed out on bail the upholder of the law's majesty got on the track of another man, and had an unoffending old chap brought before the beak. The funny part of the affair was that the latter, when he had the charge read over to him, wasn't at ail certain that he hadn't been drunk on the date mentioned, and it was in a very doubtful tone that he said he didn't know if he was guilty, although he was sure, of one thing, and that was that his name was not the one on the information. The real delinquent coming on the scene at this juncture prevented the ancient innocent being sent to the lockup or ordered to pay a fine, and the confused and wrongly accused defendant was discharged without a caution or a stain on his character. * * * Dear Quiz—I felt a little interested about Mrs. Mellon and her Mahatina business, raising Georgie and other ghosts. Several professors pretended to expose Mrs. Mellon's ghostly seances, but stopped short and just told you it was all trickery. J asked myself how can this delusion be done, and I have come to what I consider a very simple conclusion. If you get some, very fine light material, shaped to the human form of dress, made air tight with a tube attached of same material, and one wide part in the tube, say like an emu egg in shape, the lot could be folded up small enough to fit almost in-a match box. I think a medium could secrete two or three of those ghosts almost anywhere about her person, even to placing one in her mofitjfi, Put her in a cage and extinguish the lights for a few moments to materialize, fill the ghosts with wind. The egg part of the tube would motion the head by pressure of the hand or foot of the medium, and she could fill the cage with ghosts. To dematerialize, exit wind, roll up again—consequence, bewilderment of audience. Of course a ventriloquist would be necessary to do the talking for the ghosts.—Yours, R.L.M. * * The National Defence League has held its annual shivoo, and all is right as right can be. Mr. Tom Price, M.P., is reported to have been present taking notes—an occupation that must be somewhat new to him—and enthu siastic speeches of a more or less questionable character were made by different gentlemen, from the President down to Mr. J, C. F. Johnson, M.P. Well, the National Defence League doesn't do much harm after all. It doesn't place men in Parliament—or at least has not done so to any alarm ing extent. And while we have an outside section of the Labor Party which appears to believe that brawn is everything, no one can complain of the National Defence League, whose belief is that " proputty " and nothing else is sacred. Fortunately the elector knows how to discriminate. * * * A Yankee yarn from an English source :—" About five weeks ago a Durham - Alderney cow, aged two years, gave birth to a calf, and they began to milk the cow, but were thunderstruck when they discovered that its milk was black. The calf, however thrived on the milk, and last week Mrs Marsh, having overcome her prejudices, decided to try some of the milk. It tasted the same as other milk, only it was much richer, and by leaving a crock of it set for four hours, nearly two inches of cream, a little lighter in color than the milk, would rise to the top. Two gallons of cream were churned, and four pounds of butter were secured. The butter was examined by a chemist, who pronounced it perfect butter, except in color, and gave the reason for the color something yet unknown to science in the blood of the animal. The butter much resembles ejal t*r, and has a delicious taste. People are coming from far and near to see the freak, and Mr. Marsh has been offered big sums for the cow. He has decided not to sell her, however, in the hope that he can raise some more stock of the same kind. The milk makes fairly good writing ink, and the cream might be used for printers' ink." * * j Dear Quiz—Leaving out of the question the gross injustice done to | the fruiterers (who are large rate payers) through, the damage to their trade by the itinerant fruit vendors, licensed by an impecunious Corpora tion; the injury caused to irritable nerves by their awful cries will of necessity soon exercise the attention of the medical profession. It it quite bad enough to hear, "Gripes ! ponny ah poun'. 'Ere yar, rip bannaners/ shouted in an unmusical voice, but when sepulchral tones loudly re iterate, " Wingy ah! Ah waye," onep blood boils, and it's yearly time to get our gun.—Yours* Kubilla. * * * -/ No one wants to discuss politics during the recess, although a number, of members of Parliament are on the stump teliing their constituents and other misguided individuals, of the doings of the session. But there ig| said to be a move in political, circles, which will tend to the downfall of fcb# Kingston Ministry as soon as Parli^ ment meets. The idea on the ?part ^ some of the schemers is to kfpLpck out " the Ministry of all the talents " apd substitute therefor a weak Govern ment, who would be likely to crumble to pieces at a general election. . Then '"tr* —well, then Mr. Kingston might be permitted to come into power again. But "the best laid schemes of mice and men gang aft agley." There may be nothing in the rumor, and it is pretty certain that Sir John Dbwner will have serious objections to acting as a stop- gap for a second time. The Hon. J. H. Howe is mentioned as the forthcoming leader of the Opposition. Mr. Howe would at least be a straight fighter. TO A THTAR. (A Lithpereerth Thimple Tholi LOQUY.) i Twinkle, twinkle, tiny thtar, Thending rayth from reaimth afcarrr Iiluminating cloudleth night With thil ver thtreakth of thoftefchlight. Thimple, thimple, thiUy thtar, I thometimeth wonder what you are; Who sthuck you up tho very high, I can't contheive, though hard I try. Thauthy, thpiteful, thenthleth thtar, ' j Thtupid orb ! thou art a bar ' * To thieveth,, and foeth of boundleth 's: right, ^ " f ; Black darkneth ith their chief delights Thilv'ry, thilent, thoothing thtar, - Luthtrous gem of min'ral thpar, r Retheiving thoulthick maidenth thighe, With thparkling gleamth of thlight thurprithe. Peaceful, pleathing, prethiouth thtar, Holding heaventh gateth ajar, On erring mortalth bathed in thin Thou thmil'tht, and thay'tht, " O enter in 1" O fulgent, fragi^irigid tfhtaiy ^ Astronomerth thay that you are f Peculiar to nocturnal thky * ^ i When through binocularth they try ^ To fikth thy whereabouth, and why. ^ It theemth to me, O thilv'ry thtar! They really " dunno where they are." .. . Ir> So twinkle, twinkle, thacred thtar, J Thend beauteouth rayth from regional far) --i Thintillating thummer'th night, With tblender threadth of thtellar light. —Lance Torrington. 