'Jlhe: Latest Dean Sensation1 it',FN, .news of the arrest of Crick and h?tehgher and George Deuan on Saturday, ,n a charge of conspiring to drfoat thlis ends of justice, became known, the excitoment reached a highdr pitch than it haa attained over siuce this most extraordinarv oaso we brought before the public; and far from hearing, the last of it, as we hadt fondly hoped would be the ease on the omrcusion of the epeeches in the flouse rorlativ to the late oharges by Sir Julian Salomous and their coutradlie:ion.. by M?.aghor and-Dean we now lind that we bhall have a most stirring e?ritecitation of the whole affair, and are probably in for another three or four montte.dreary cort proceedings. The lat'sat information would jpoint to a conclu ion that if Ur. Sni'b, chomist. of Noith Sbhoe (Sydney), and who was on's of the witneses in the case, has oonfessed to sup. plying poison to a parson cl reely connected with the case, but which :was not charged for, at ciroumstance the chemist had for. gotten until remirded of the ocpurronce by the observation of a per; oj who ?h caled upon htm alter the recent charges by'lii Jluliao Salomons. 'The Crown, upon this 'oonfes un, buhae, pounced upon the three mdi ,iduale nameid on-a ohar~go. onsoirapy, iresucning that bbth Crick pgd Meagher, as well as Deoan, knew full well itht the latter was guilty long before the Rlial 'uoimnission which. set hitn frio had con eludcd its sitting.,' All three were allowed heavy bail (£3.00 oIleh), aqi th3 "',Daily Telegraph" states ig a. aueiogi. .manner that enrmone urowft took. thbe .'r'osman's Bay boat' -eti'tundaye ick, eban is in charge of for thepurposebf cateling. taview of bits. r Mr gher, eemsa to?i ks he eituation very easily and s tigeati~aes 'th, whole proceedings as a pdlitical job. gqtnp on behall of Salomous and Wiideyer, and saye he wilt now uake some revelstions thatwishl l?ause the parties namad, togethier with', theots, to ." sit up." Mrr.Reid, on.r beinginterviewed by a newsapsper repreeao. tative on Saturday, is stated to have known bnothing whatever of the arrests, and turned as white as ea ghost' when the reportor in formed hitl'of the matter,. The men @ere arrested on.the informanition to the pblici by Sir Julian Slomnbus of .thscoctntpte of a letter be as alloged.tohave eoeivoed" ' 