TH~E POSITION AT GRETA. TO TXE EDITOR. Sir,-In your issue of to-day appears a letter of one T. H. Blick, of Singleton. Only that I think the questions asked in that venomous effusion should be answered, be cause they cast a reflection upon the character of the union men of Greta as trades-unionists, I would treat that renowned individual's wanderings with silent contempt. I pre sume that it is anotheor periodical appearance of his. I and many others laboured under the impression that T. H. Blick, alias the " Cessnock Ghost" and "Freetrade Labour Candidate," was slumbering peacefully in the arms of the Civil service. Evidently such is not the case, but the old saying in this instance is fully verified, "That there is no rest," &e.;, hence his outburst of "We, the public." I am sure the residents of Sin gleton will not be thankful to be embraced in the arms of that individual bearing the name T. ]H. Blick as " We, the public." No doubt he in own his little way thinks he is the public not only of Singleton but of New South Wales. Many are surprised who are personally acqusinted with him, that he has not before now questioned the authority of the Railway Comnmissioners or announced himself head of the department. His feeling towards me in particular can easily be ao counted for. At the last gnceral election I was addressing an audience in the M?echanies' Institute in Singleton, when Blick com menced action by asking silly, irrelevant questions relative to strikes, whereupon the audience, collectively and with one simul taneous impulse, hooted him out of the insti tute. For the information of the public, I am not the Greta miners' delegate, nor have I at any time called upon the Colonial Secretary to send more police pro tection to Greta. But statements of this character are quite in keeping with the antecedents of the unbridled tongue of T. H. Blick. Ha says he belongs to no union, nor has he had any transactions with " black legs," hence his ignorance of the subject he has, dare-devil-like, attedmpted to deal with, ignorance that a wise man would have sheltered under the golden shadow of silence. His claim "that every man in this country has a right to individual liberty and to work in such a way as he thinks proper," was tried on at Cessnock by T. H. Blick. Why hae failed to oexer cise his individual right and libertyj to do as he thought proper in that particular instance, reqmires some explanation from that uncrowned champion of " We, the public." My answer to the first and second questions is emphatically "no;" third question, yes, at a time that the Greta Colliery was idle for want of trade, and for a protracted period, and when the then Premier said that they would have to work or storvo. Mr. W. Green de cided to assist the "miners only" and in con sideration of their deplorable condition, gave a few of them some clearing that he said he would not have done otherwise. When "T.H.B." questions the right of those men to clear timber, &c.;, he forgets his boast of "right to individual liberty and to. work in such a way as he or they think proper"-hbis usual wandering claptrap. On that occasion the Greta miners showed to the world that they preferred working for bread rather than accept it from the hand of charity, and clearly demonstrating that there is not bread in the prices now ruling in Greta Colliery. Fuucth question, no. If such was the case how, I ask, could it affect the union? I will admit that a few men went to Woonona Colliery from Greta, the majority of whom were what is commonly termed a following of tho manager's. Men of that stamp make a convenience of the union for their own aggrandisemcnt, a matter T. H. Bliok, although not a union man nor a "blackleg," Is quite conversant with.-I am, &o.;, JNO. CONNOLLYT:.. Greta, January h0. 