GTie (rbctlt s rbenier, Published 'ver3y .Fridy Mo.'rning. FR'IDAY, SEl,;I"'XMliilL 6, 1895. WHIITTLESCA COUOCIL. The ordinary monthly meeting of this Council will be held at the Council. Chamber, You Yenn, on Monday next. AnTllHUn'4 CRgE:K. The nnnhersay concert and ball in con. nection with the Arth,.r's Creek Mechanics' Institute will be held on the 4th prox. CIIRISTI3AS HILLS. A concert and ball will be held in the Christmas Hills Mechancls' Institute (to celebrate the opening anniversary) on Friday evening, October 4th next. YARIIA OLEL' BUTTER FACTORY. Owing to It having been decided to make alterations and improvements the abore factory was not re-oponed on Monday last as orilglnally intended. Oel1 OUPPLEMRNT. . We have, owing to a nlmtake male by the publishers, to aglan apologis for the aleenee of our literary supplement. The supplement will appear next Issue and con. tinue as heretofore. MININGO YEW Mr. P. Plunkett, of Panton Hllil, from a crushing of 1 ton of lqartr. early this week, received the handsome return of 11 oz. 8 dwt. 6 gr, of gold. Mr. Plunkett's claim, we understanud, is on the well-known Gram's linoe of reef, Panton 11111. ConICET. Clubs desirous of joining in the competl. tion for the four-guinea trophy offered by K. II. Cameron, IEsq., N.L.A., for Knganroo Ground and district, are requested to notify Mr. II. C, larris to that effect on or before the 0tIlh Inst. KANOAROO OROUND. Mr. 11. Ileath, blaeksmith, Ae., notifies in our advertising columns that he has taken over the blacksmlthing business at the rear of Wellor's llotel from Mr. Kruse, and solilets a fair share of patronage, lluender. takes to execute all works attaching to the businessoo at prlesn to suit the times. A THIP0 AT LARGO. It is not often we hare to report robberies even of a petty nature occurring on Kangaroo Ground, but lately the residents porth of the Ground have had visits from a "hungry" thief (or tlieves). One resldent recently lost a pig (just killed and dressed), another a calf, another three foils and two ducks, and still another a bullock's heart. ACCIDENT, Mr. Charles Perry, of Rummer Hill, Rongaroo Ground, met with a painful nccilcnt last Tuesday. In cutting a log the ae he was usilng accldently struck one of his foot, inflleting a terrible gash, The wound was templrarily attended to and bound up bty Mlr. T. tcarce, andt Mr. Perry was then taken by Mr. A. Desehtamp to lloleolherg and the professional services of Dr. Phillips secured, who found it necessary to put lit several stitoles, rITIIAM fOUNiLr At Mondiy's teeotlin of this Counell, Counelllor W. U, Farrell was appointed preslieut wth anit allowaneo of .£2--a slighlt rduleltonl on last year's amntlnt. After the buslness of ilia meetlig lin d been got thlough (n (ill report of whIoh Appearsi In this Issue) the l'reihleiLt iproposal tii health of the newly.elcnlol nombLer (Un(lnielulr Jthn Ltwvrey), and iftler heireiurv h'11ogriuuo baid dIm11 few oia. hlleailntry rueinarks, CUunocllolr Lawre suitably responded, . TWO (tOU'' tiruI.ne IlLx; Since inr last Issue MIr. I.klng. coejtro'r, ventrlloqufat, and ghost manufacturer, has gilven performanlices at (l reensbeorlsuigh, Eltllhan, Kanngaroo Groundtl, andl Dinmoind Creek, inl which he was ably Assisted by air. Arthur Willliamson, conmposer and mosicin.l At each plnee the nudience was not nearly so large ns tlhe performiance merited; possibly It Messr,. Iloskhig and Wlllinlsaon appear in this district again ons some future occasion they will meet with better success. Shr. osoking is son well known as the exposer of the " Millne spiritualistie fratuds" at Sydney that it is ulnecess.ry to geive alny extended report here, suftlee to say that nsa conjuror, venttriloqleist, and eghot Inrtllt facturer he Is exceeldingly clever, and that Mr. Arthur Williamson Is n niuslcian of an unique and frst- telass order, and the enter. tnlumenit given by thems are both instructlve anld oamusing. KLTtI.II. (lii August 28tLh,at coffee supper was held to celelibrt the thlirdl anniverstry of the Rithilm tBranch of the Churleh of llnghlnd Templieranco Seoole y. Althoiuglh thle wieathler was unfavourablle there was ia good attenld once, 96 persotls belug prLsent. A very enjoyable entertainmentt was given, followed by ali excellent coffee supper, wliclh was provided by lie folltwing members: --Mas. Chase, lMrs. Wingrove, Mrs. Lipsett, Mrs. Jarroldl, Mr. G. I1111, Sir. Lbort, MIr. J. Jarrold, and the illases allrper, Andrsw, Wlfiuroci~ti lons, Hroio; anid Webster. Owllig to illuoss the liev. A. P. Chase was unable to proside ls lie hibs always donle before, and tile commllittee requoested Mr. J. Brown, is senlior metbeor of the committtee, to take the chair, whicth hIt dlid and proved a most hfelent chairman. Theproglnsamme wa s astaollows :--Plianofirte duet, " The sWitch's Flight," Misses Willliams and .. Ktaspman i reeltatioo, " 'heo Sill or's Way," P. M'Gavln ; glee, " Excelsior," the Chair; rending, " Mr. Spoopenldyke opens oysters," Mr. Wingtove I soung," The Mine.r," Mr. E. Andrew i reading, " Love ln a itlilloon," lMr. A'lleckett s song, "Old Madrid)," Miss Stehl ilel i readiling, Mr. Cole I dialogute, Philip and George M'Gniini; losll," Loe'ao Vesper Ilyinn," Miss Malin ll asllt ltsli recinttiton, Miss Laurta Wll?lbilts I glee, " Raste o'er the Hillsi" Chair s reeitattion, l Whent taken well sllakent," Mr. G. 11111; stlng, " 'J'he Gsille of thle lVest,"' .lss Saiilitel; seeltllon, " The \Vreek," Mr. G, 111i; sollu, Listeniin," ,'Miss Williams; soslgl, "ThuiCa'nval," MIr. A'lleelott sontg, 1 Ora pro Nolis," lMr. Perry. 