COUNTRY NOTES. While driving at West Dapto on Monday Mrs. Boys, of Wollongong, was thrown out of a vehicle, and her leg was- broken. Word has been received in Parkes that tenders will be out for the first section of the Parkes-Condobolin line-a dis tance of about twenty miles-within the month. Our Coraki correspondent wired on Tues day:' An indignation meeting was held at Woodburn to protest against the completion of the Tuckombil Canal according to the present plans. It is three years since brown trout ova was placed in the streams feeding the Mur ray near its source. On November 7 .a beautiful trout was angled in the river a few miles above Albury. It was resolved at the meeting of the Richmond Council to appoint a deputation to wait upon the proper authorities in re spect to having the penny postage, sixpenny telegrams, and Sunday trains extended to Richmond. At a meeting of Wollongong ratepayers the question of water supply wasdiscussed. A resolution that the council be asked to reconsider their decision, and adopt the Cordeaux source,'and to submit the whole: to the ratepayers .was' rejected by forty eight votes to forty-five. ' It is now considered that there is no further danger of fire in Block ll Mine, spreading. A bulkhead at Drew's shaft at the 800ft level is completed and the fire isolated. It will probably burn down to the sulphides. Our Parkes correspondent writes: "An attempt to burn down Balcombe Brothers' woolshed at Coradgery is re ported. A brush fence leading to the shed was fired in several places. The shed was stored with wool at the time, and Mr. Balcombe was absent. About £10 worth of damage was done." Much satisfaction is felt among amateur fishermen at the action of the Fisheries Commissioners in closing Brisbane Water against net fishing. The season has opened there ligain, and Sunday night's train brought over 150 passengers from Woy Woy to Syd ney, and reported very satisfactory sport at Brisbane Water, where the fish promise to be plentiful this season. On November 7, during the progress of the work of sinking..a shaft in the Apollyon Valley, a miner named Mar tin ignited the fuse and gave the order to hoist him up, leaving an open canis ter of powder below. Some sparks blew into the loose powder, and it ex ploded. The flames "enveloped Martin and severely burnt his arms, but he held on until he was brought to the surface. He walked to Broken. Hill, a distance of eighteen miles, and was at tended by Dr. Horn. fie died on Sunday. At Kiama a special effort is being made to recoup the funds of the Cot tage Hospital, principally, owing to the charity ball having collapsed. This venture last year raised £70. This year the only public extra. has been the Friendly Societies' Sunday Demonstration, which realised £30. Thus the institution gains'' £30, and loses £40, exclusive of subsidy. The institution has been established over eight years, and 514 patients have been received for treatment; average per year, OS; cost per hoad, £7 5s ^d; total, £300-1 4s. The sugar season of 1895 will soon be a memory of the past, writes the Richmond River "Herald." The unprecedented frosts during last winter played up with much of the cane, and the frequent fires, due to the dry trash occasioned by the frosts and the continued drought, also affected the returns of a large number of growers. The density in some cases was good, but taken altogether the season has not been a good one for the ' farmers. Having been pretty well through the district recently, we observed, what we foretold months ago, that as an industry sugar cane- here is on the decline. Very little new ; ground has been planted this year, and many . old planters on the South Arm and elsewhere are ploughing out the cane and substituting maize, potatoes, and other crops, and intend to try. mixed farming, which, in our opinion, should include dairying and pig raising. . . .' . We are . pleased to observe the tendency of our farmers to give attention to I other things, and not to depend solely "upon cane. The experiences of numbers of them in connection with the industry has been heart- ] rendering in the extreme. Rather an amusing episode is related in regard to the missing man Joseph Mason (reports the Tamworth "News"). It ap-, pears that the police have had him in their grip since he left Tamworth, but his good luck stood by him, and he once more eluded them. A warrant was out for .'the arrest of an individual who was wanted at Forbes. This man, by all accounts, somewhat re sembled our missing townsman, who was one day surprised while sitting in a certain Coffee Palace in Sydney by the police com ing in and asking him his name. : He gaye them a wrong name, of course; he waB asked if anyone in Sydney could identify him. He replied in the affirmative, and referred to a wholesale fruiterer, who had been in the habit of supplying him" when keeping a shop here. They were brought face to face, when the police asked the question, "Do you know this man?" "Yes," said Mr. Wholesale, "that's Joe Mason, of Tamworth." "That's not the name you gave us," said the police. "Why did you give a false name?" "Because I was flur ried," replied Joe. The constables were satisfied, and let. him. go, but subsequently it occurred to them to look up the "Police Gazette,'' and.there they found Joe amongst the "wanteds." They went in search of him again, but by that time'the bird had flown, .. À Pambula fisherman recently captured two sharks simultaneously-with ono line. A large whale was washed ashore about , eight miles north of Bermagui on Monday. A gang of fifteen men have been formed at/West Maitland for forest-thinning, at Narrandera. Tho Mayor and aldermen of Mittagong distributed about 200 young1 trout in tho Wingecarribbee River, close by the town, recently. A child 5 years old was found on Satur day at Fljers' Creek, Blayney, having strayed from its home afc Mauduraroa the day before. The child must have travelled twenty miles. The programme of the Pambula annual races, which take place on December 26 and 27, has been issued. The prize money amounts to ¿8110, including tho Pambula Cup of ¿630 and Town Plate of ¿620. A consignment of tro-at fry, some of which were dead, was received at Wel lington from the Fisheries Department on November G. The live ones, when liber ated in the Macquarie, seemed healthy. George Brown, formerly mailman on the Wellington-road, now a miner, was brought to the Maitland Hospital on Monday from the Yamble rush with a cut in his throat. . The patient is in a oritical condition. The first election in connection with the new municipality of Castlereagh takes place on the 20th instant. About a dozen candidates are spoken of, ^ but. only five have announced themselves. Mr. P. A. H. Cork is the first returning officer. An old resident of. Grenfell hamed Daniel Charters, a teamster and selector, ' and known in connection with tha robbery of the escort by Gardiner at Eugowra, has been committed for trial for the alleged stealing of two horse collars and tar paulins. An old resident of the Cootamundra district and licensee of the Golden Fleece Hotel, named John Hannah, was on Mon day brought up at the local police court charged with, shooting at his wife with a revolver with intent to murder. No evidence was taken, and a remand was granted until Wednesday, bail being re fused. . - Mr. T. Edward Burrows, from the Harbors and Rivers Department, visited Windsor on Monday to inquire in to a complaint made by one of. the river carriers against tho course at present being adopted by Mr. Manning, of the St. Albans steamer, in malring a breakwater in the Windsor Reach with a view to deepening the chan nel. The "A" Battery Brigade Division Field Artillery left Maitland on Tuesday on their return to Sydney, They were headed out of town by the Lancer Band, accompanied by the lancers and Maitland company of infantry and members of tho fire brigade . with torches. Hundreds of people lined the streets. In the afternoon the battery gave a display on the park, and the Artil lery Band played. At Mudgee an incident of a very pain ful character occurred on November 7 during a marriage. While the wedding of Miss Saw.1, er was being celebrated an St. John's Church word was received that a boy, aged 9 years, a member of the family, had been drowned at Oakey Creek, lt appears that the lad was in a paddook with a laborer. He missed tho boy, and on going to search for him found his clothes ! on the bank of a creek, and saw the body lying at the bottom. The man went for assistance, and the body was not recovered lor nearly an hour. An inq\iiry was held, and a verdict of accidentally drowned returned, the coroner censuring the la- ; borer for not talcing prompt steps to recover the boy's body. The suggested adoption of a bushel regulated fruit ca3e. as brought forward by the Vinegrówers and Fruitgrowers' Association at their meeting at Liverpool on November 2, meets with the general approval of a number bf growers on the southern line. The giving away the case with the sale of the fruit is alco reckoned as a step to solving this problem, but it is contended that the association should have gone a step further and appointed dele gates to confer with other associations. Many growers would have liked to have seen a move in the sale of the fruit with the case commenced with the present season. The association are seeking tho co-operation of all kindred societies in the . counties of Cumberland and Camden. The Braidwood district has not only got a tiger, but it also possesses a kind of a meteorological ghost. A policeman while "out upon parade" all at once felt a pain' and a heavy strain afc the back of his neck as if ho was being drawn off his horse, whilst the animal . itself staggered as though about to fall. The. shock passed away almost as quickly as it came, and the next thing that he noticed was the breaking away of the tent of a digger named Logan, close at _ hand, whioh was cairied up in the air like a pocket hanker chief, torn into ribbons, and left entangled on the top of one of the highest trees. The contents of the tent, bedding, clothes, boots, buckets, and cooking utensils were scattered in all directions hundreds of yards away, and immediately after there was a noise in tho distance like the explo sion of a mine. Nothing could be seen in tho air. - * Tho new Pose and Telegraph Office al Brushgrove was officially opened on Monday night. : ' '. ' - Tho petition for a daily coach mail Ber vice between Grafton and Glen Innes ÍE being numerously signed. . "Whiting have begun " to make theil annual appearance in the Woronora River, and several have been catighb between Sutherland and Como. Tho Attorney-General has declined tc prosecute in the :caae of Charles Cobb, committed at Bourke on October 8 on a charge of forgery and uttering. Miss Jane Brown, organist andSunday school teacher of the Presbyterian Church, East Maitland, has been severely burnt on the left arm and neck through her blouse catching fire from a candle. About 200 healthy trout fry securad from the Fisheries Department, have arrived at Moss Vale safely, and have been placed in the Bong {Song River above tho water works dam. The eldest boy of Mr. P. S. Murray, Engineer for Roads, was kicked by a horse which he was driving at Lismore some days ago. Both his upper and lower jaws were broken, and many of his teeth were knocked out. The public ferries on the Bellinger were offered by auction on November 6. The Fernmount ferry obtained no bid. Raleigh and South Arm did not reach half the re serves, and were withdrawn. The reserves ht:ve been increased. A demonstration was held at Bathurst on November 7 by the friendly societies in aid "of tho local charities. A torchlight procession was followed by a concert, the societies taking part being the R.C. Guild, Hibernians, Foresters, and Druids. The foundation-stone of the Nyngan Hospital was laid on Saturday by Mr. Waddell, M.L.A. A procession of Odd fellows and school children, preceded by the local band, marched out to the site, where addresses were delivered. The building is to cost .£870, and the money available is about £720. The Bourke police were on Saturday informed that a ' man named William Reikie, aged 40, and his son, aged 18 years, were found dead at the Twelve Mile Drain, on tho road from Barringun to Thurlgooaa. An inquiry, held in Queensland, resulted in a verdict of death from thirst and exposure. At the Moama Police Court on Nov. 8 J. B. Roth, until recently acting as ac countant in the forester's office at Moama, wa3 oa a warrant charged with criminally libelling J. A. MAU tori, Government Fores ter, at Moama. The accused was com mitted for trial, at the next Quarter Ses sions to be held at Deniliquin. Mr. JameB Pike, owner of a chaff-cutting establishment at Queanbeyan, met with an accident whilst feeding the cutter on Monday. He was wearing leather gloves, and the fingers of the left hand were caught, and dragged Mt. Pike's arm into the machine. The limb was §o mangled that its amputation as far up as the elbow had to be effected. A meeting was held at the Club Hotel, Orange, on Monday, Mr. Newman, M.L.A., presiding, to consider the question of establishing a fruit-canning and jam fac tory in the district. It was decided to form a company with 2000 shares of ¿81 each. Mr. Newman, who .has taken fifty shares, offered to double' this number on condition that the other subscribers did tho same. This was agreed to, and in all 500 shares were taken up in the room. The common or garden aphis is attack ing horses and cattle in the Bathurst dis trict. A peculiarity of the pest is that it attacks only the white spots on an animal, and on those Bpots the ravages can be traced, particularly where the skin ÍB white. The insects alad attack the nos trils, and then got into the nose, irritating animals to tho point'oS madness.v The o.'linary solutions of kerosene and tobacco used for aphides on plants, but'made stronger, have been found to bo a good prcvontvo. ' r The Ingleburn Progress Association have elected the following officers for the current twelve months: Mr. W. Pxdcockj president; vice president, Mr. D. Warby;, secretary and treasurer. Mr. A. B. Kavanagh; auditors, Messrs. A. Lubeck and T. Brown. The question of reduced railway faros, and freights was fully dis cussed, also the items of local interest, it being ultimately decided to ask the com missioners to meet the requirements oE the association by including Ingleburn in the suburban area of railways, which at present ends at Liverpool. The Tamworth Hospital committee, has furnished its report on the ' charges, preferred against the staff by the ex-patient, Meehan.' With regard to Meehan's first charge of allowing typhoid fever patients to occupy the same ward. as that occupied by the general patients, the committee find. that the same state of affairs exists at all hos pitals in the colony, and that there is no objection In it. . The committee find that Meehan has failed to prove ? his charges of neglect of patients, and also that the evi dence signally fails to justify him in making the chargo that paying patients received bet ter treatment than non-paying, ones. With regard to allowing an amputated foot to re main in the mortuary unburied for five weeks, the committee censure the nurses who. found i the foot, for not informing the matron of the fact. There is some talk of bringing the mat ter under the notice of the Government with a* view of getting an independent board to 1 conduct a fresh lnquirye At Moree court; five aboriginals lia va been committed for trial for a murderous assault at Mungindi on Senior-constablo Bicharás and Frederick Pounton, who had gone to the blacks'camp to quell a disturbance. A . black ni med Hippi is stilted to have felled the constable. Pounton stumbled over-his comrade, drew a revolver from Richards's belt, and shot Hippi through the leg. Members of a family named Roberts, who Jive near the cemetery at Railway Town, Broken Hill, had some tinned corned beef for tea oh November 6, and within an hour four of them-the father, motherland two sons-began to show pronounced symptoms of poisoning. A doctor administered remedies, and even tually succeeded in getting them out of danger. A »nan named Peter Sivers, who resided with his family in St. Aubins-street, Scone, died on November 8. According to Mrs. Sivers's account deceased was sitting on the corner of the table, and in. making an effort to . strike her. with a stick, ho fell off tho table and struck his head .against the Bewing machine, death being instantaneous. De ceased was about 55 years o? age, and a saddler by profession. He was a cripple. : At Broken Hill Police Court on Novem ber 7, Jens Ansen, aged 60 odd'years, was fined ¿615, with ¿S3 13s lOd costs, for assaulting his wife, aged 61. The parties were married only two months ago. Each had been married before. The wife alleged that her husband knocked her down whilst she was making a fire in the kitchen, tell ing her that he would not allow her to cook, as she poisoned the food. Sha also alleged that her husband chased her into the yard, and lenoukod her dowu and kicked her in the stomach. Our Murrumburrah correspondent'writes on Monday: The weather still con tinues dry, and unless the drought is soon broken matters will asaume à very serious aspect. The crops and herbage are literally perishing for want of rain, the absence of which ren ders the outlook gloomy and causes a. feeling of great depression amongst the farming community. The Cunningham Plain3 wool shed " cut out " on November 8\. Fifty thousand sheep wer¿ shorn, and the olip is exceptionally good. Our Tumbarumba correspondent writes: on Monday a minor named Martin Keating was found dead in a waterhole at Burra. There was ahout two inches of water in the cut ting, and it is supposed that the man must have been seized with a fit, and having fallon face downwards had been smothered. The deceased, a man of 50, had been fos sicking two years in this district with a miner named Neil M'Hugh. About ¿823 in notes was found on the body. Keating had N a sister in a Melbourne1 convent. Our Orange correspondent writes : An old mah named Neal, 80 years of age, and 'his wife, 76, were burned to death at Broken Shaft Creek, on the Molong- roa-?, early on Saturday morning. The old couple lived in a hut on a selection, and the place caught fire while they were asleep, and was burnt. to the ground. The matter has been re ported to the police, and a magisterial inquiry is to be held. When the police arrived on tho spot on Sunday they found a heap of smouldering ashes, among which human remains could be distinguished; Dr. B. A. Newell, Government medical officer and surgeon and physician to the Walgett Hospital, die'd on November 7 The doctor became ill on November 6, and, an operation being necessary, he was next day conveyed to Sydney, but became so ill on thojouruey that he was compelled to stop about fifteen miles out of the town. Dr. Henry, of Narrabri, was sent for, bub owing to tho heavy state bf the roada could not arrive promptly. The operation was, however, succe3stullv "performed, but the patient dred two hours afterwards. Dr. Newell was a promising young physician, and held in the highest estimation ac Walgett. He was a well-known. Sydney footballer. . : At tho - Cootamundra quarter sessions on Monday Ernest Alfred Neeld,_son of, the pioneer of Wyalong, was charged with.' assaulting with intent to inflict grievous bodily harto on a solicitor named Walter: George Coouan. Defendant admitted ! striking Coonan, but ridiculed the case aa ¡ a trumpery try-on to make money. The \ jury found Neeld guilty of common as- . ault on provocation, and strongly recom mended him to mercy.- He was fined 40s, and the result waB applauded in "court. Francis Henry Benson, telegraph operator at Temora, was found guilty of embezzling a small amount, but was recommended to mercy. He wa3 sentenced to six months, but released as a firát offender. . At Lismore a dentist named James Osborn, who was sentenced on Novem-; ber 8 to BÍX years imprisonment for per forming an illegal opération, made another attempt to commit suicido. The first en deavor was made immediately he was removed from the lockup, after receiving sentence. While the police wore search ing him they found several tabletä of sul phate of morphine. Osborn snatched these away, and niado an effort to swallow them. The lockup-keeper quickly seized, him by the throat and prevented him carrying out his desire. The police have since found that prisoner had half a dozen tablets secreted in the lining of his vest. 