A Modern Pygmalion. By Geant Allen. [Written foe the Sydney Mail.] ' The celebrated statue of the Dying Gladiator,' said the Butler, in his most impressive tone, ' is a replica of that which was found at a place called Nemi, in Hitaly, in the sixteenth century, and which is now the chief gem of the Capitoline Col lection.' ' Oh, indeed,' said the little Curate. The Butler delivered this valuable piece of in formation with that marked air of originality which always comes after the five hundredth repetition of a rote-learnt sentance. But the two intelligent tourists in the grey tweed suits to whom he specially vouchsafed his learned dis course seemed little interested in the Dying Gladiator. They did not even spare a glance to the 'remarkable torso of the Wounded Dacian,' nor to the ' Nymph or Diana, from Hadriansville, near Tivoli.' ' Hadrian's villa, I think you mean,' the mild Curate with the very clerical cassock suggr ^cH.. Hi was now from Oxford, no doubt, the iaS ..ii gent tourist supposed, and 6till retained faint traces of a classical education. 'I said Hidriansville,' the Butler repeated, with mixed asperity and dignity. His glance was withering. Had it really come to this, then, that a ducil servant must stoop to bandy words with the unbeneficed clergy ? The rest of the party stared hard, as in duty bound, at the Nymph or Diana, looking askance, meanwhile, at the upstart Curate, who had ven tured to correct His Magnificence the Butler. But the two intelligent tourists in grey tweed suits were much more occupied just then -with the glass cases in the centre, containing ' the minor hobjects of virtue in crystal and jewellery collected by the late Dook,' as the Butler phrased it. ' That's a handsome vase, any 'way,' one in telligent tourist murmured expressively to the other, with a New England accent. ' I wonder what he calls it ?' ' That,' the Butler interposed, in his state liest tone, ' is the famous Forman Vawse from a Hosoan tomb, entirely carved out of one solid mas 3 of the purest Hamethyst.' The Butler never by any chance dropped an H ; he knew that to be vulgat, but whenever he wished to be most impressive, he gave an extra aspirate by way of distinction to the most impor tant word of theBentence in hand, which happened to be destitute of one. % The intelligent tourists glanced at one another silently. Their eyes, met and then fell. The Curate, watching them close, saw at once this meant business. ' And those ear-ringa,' he asked gently of His Magnificence the Butler, unabashed by bis pre vious rebuke in his thirst for information. ' What do you make of those bracelets and ear rings i' ' I don't make anything of them,' the Butler answered in a lofty tone. ult's not my dooty. But if you mean to ask what honorarium do ladies and gentlemen generally offer me for .sup plying hinformation ? ' ' No, no,' the Curate said, sharply. ' I don't mean that. I mean, what are they ? What age . and m terial f What sort of thing do you call them P' ' Oh, I see,' the Butler answered, a little sur prised at the Curate's unexpected tone. 'That ot there's Etruscan.' ' Gold f' the little Curate persisted. ' Solid gold,' the Butler replied. ' Bought for £200 by his Grace's father.' And the in telligent tourists' eyes met again with meaning. They went through the rest of the gallery in , much the same way. The little Curate, kept an eye on several gold objects and several ]nreciou# stones, and bo also did the tourists. As they left the long hall, with its vaulted roof, the little Curate turned blandly to one of the Americans. ' It seems almost dangerous,' ho said, in a mild, lying about uncared for in what is practically an unguarded museum.' ' I guess the Duke looks after 'em woll,' the intelligent tourist remarked, with a nonchalant air, as who should say it was none of his busi ness. ' Only a single watchman,' the Curate re plied, 'so the Butler tells me. And yet, the mere value of the gold and stones, ns artid.es of commerce, must be something considerable.' ' You bet,' the intelligent tourist interjected, with a jerk. The little Curate, smiling1, looked him over critically. Strange folk, these west erners ! Thea they parted company. The intelligent tourists were stopping at the Duke's Arms, in the village. Tourists often stop there— especially Americans. Tour son of the Great Republic dearly loves a lord ; the peerage diversifies English scenery iu his eyes ; the first things he wants to see when he crosses the water are the castles and country houses of our old nobility. That was why the two intelligent tourists, straight down from Hoxton, had come there as Americans. You're less likely to attract attention in that disguise, the western accent being1 a common element of the situation. But, once arrived in their own sitting room at the snug little inn, the intelligent tourists ceased to talk any longer with a nasal twang ; they dropped ' you bet,' and didn't display the re motest de3ire to guess or to calculate. On the contrary, they talked together with a somewhat pronounced variety of the Cockney accent ; for one of them was Joe Stokes, the famous crib cracker, while the other was Maurice Miller, that cleverest of clever thieves, well known in the pro fession as the Gentleman Burglar. ' The question is,' Mr. Maurice Miller re marked, in his casual way, stroking his chin re flectively, ' which of us two is to go in after them to-night, and which of us is to wait on the terrace outside, and kaep an eye on the watchman?' ' I don't quite like the job myself,' Joe Stokes replied, lighting an excellent cigar, for he knew himself in tobacco. ' I ain't superstitious, Mr. Miller, but I object to them stone women. They give me the cold shivers. I don't so much mind 'em in broad daylight, of course, standing there in rows ; but alone at night, in that long, dark gallery, they'd look sort of ghost- like, and distract a man's attention from the work he has set upon. Now, you an' me know it's no nse doing work where your attention's distracted.' Mr. Maurice Miller — he was always 'Mr.,' even to his closest associates- — smiled a com passionate smile. ' You can object to sculpture if you like, Joe,' he said, with an air of superior culture, ' you ain't been educated up to it ; but I have no each superstitions. I'm not afraid of the ' stone women ' by day or by night. Fine work, that Diana !' For the Gentleman Burglar, having been once a lawyer's clerk, rather prided himself upon his taste, and fancied he ' knew a thiDg or two' about *rt and music. Joe Stokes, for his part, smoked and ruminated. ' Well, you can be inner warden,' he remarked, after a pause, making rings with his smoke, 'and I'll keep an eye outside on the Charley. If yon like stone women, I don't want to interfere with any gentleman's tastes. But they give me the cold shivers, they do, standing there all the lime, as white as a corpse, and rolling their dead eyes at you. It's them dead eyes that bests me. Ever Been Mary Anderson in ? Pygmalion and Galatea,' don't they call the thing?' ' Cnanning piece !' the Gentleman Burglar muttered. ' Charming, charming, charming !' - ' Well, do you mind how the artis' fellow as plays in that act makes one of these 'ere stole gals ; and, after he's made her, he prays to the 'eathen gods, and she comes suddenly to life, and down she steps off her pedestal ? Now, if I was Bent out on a job like that, in a big, bare gallery, and night time, too, among all them, stone women, I'd feel skeered, I know I wonld, that one of them stone gals was going to step down from her perch like that, and come in front of me, bothering.' ' You pay a great tribute to Miss Anderson's acting,' the G-entleman Burglar retorted, with his air of polite life. ' It's the excellence of her 'That's just where it is,' Joe replied, noddiug his bead, acquiescent. ' You see a thing at the play, and it kind o' sinks in with you. It works on the e-motions. I never can look at a t-tone gal again without half expecting to see her bundle down and face me, callui' out ' Joe Stokes ! Joe Sto-okes '.' same as she'd used to call out, ' Pig -may -lion ! Pig-may-lion !' like a dyin' duck, in the manner o' speaking.' Mr. Maurice Miller's lip curled. This criticism seemed crude to him. ' for a man who has been brought up among sculpture,' he answered lightly, ' statues have no such terrors. Td take no more notice of them than of the pictures on the wall. So, pcrhapB, I'd better manage this job myself. I noted the best things as we went through just now-; and I won't waste any un necessary time, of course, in looking for them in the cases.' Then he strolled to the window and gazed out across the street. There was a little village draper's shop just opposite ; and the harmless small curate in the pronounced cassock was stand ing by the counter, buying some yards of white calico. ' Local parson,' the Gentleman Burglar reflected to himself with a sneer, ' buying stuff for his wife. Seems a soft-headed little chap ; silly, sawney sort of smile, but got some good in formation for me out of the Butler this morning. Pretentious cad, that Butler ! What airs he did give himself !' For there's nothing your pre tentious man more thoroughly despises (in other people) than pretentiousness .' ? It was past 12 that night before the Gentleman Burglar, accompanied by Joe Stokes, with a few needful tools, strolled noiselessly out of theground floor parlour, whote low French windows, open ing to the ground, exactly suited his purpose. la half an hour more, by the aid of his faithful and well-tried jemmy, he was standing in dim light in the midst of the ducal sculpture gallery. He hardly vouchsafed a glance at the ' stone gals,' as his partner Joe so grapliically called them, but stole on, with cit-like tread and dark lantern veiled, to the case with the gold Etruscan jewellery. It was a pity he thought to himself (as a man of culture), he would have to melt them down. Those jewels as they stood were worth thousands as antiquities, and the melting pot would reduce them inless than half an hour to a few hundred pounds worth of ordinary bullion. But you musn't be a sentimentalist ifyouwantto mck crib3 ! Every profession imposes upon you its own special sacrifices. Business is business : and a few hundred pounds in your private pocket ;ire better, after all, than any amount of time-honoured Etruscan relics in a ducal museum. So he stole on to the base of a Roman Emperor V statue, just observing as he passed, by the dim light of his bulls-eye, the name on its pedestal, ' Commodus in Hunting Costume ; from a villa near Tusculum.' The case by its side contained the ' hobjectB of virtue' in gold and precious stones, which His Magnificence the Butler had so highly commended to them. Mr. Maurice Miller piused and ex amined the trinkets casually. With a light and rapid hand and a twist of his wire key he forced open the case, and helped himself to the articles which he had noted that afternoon as most in trinsically valuable. As he did so, he looked up, and his eye caught that of the ' Dying Gladiator.' The ' Dying Gladiator's' stony gaze seemed to be fixed upon him intently. For a moment he started, re membering at that juncture Joe Srokes's words ' They give me the cold shivers, standing there all the time, as white as a corpse, and rolling their dead eyes at you.' The Gentleman Burglar drew back a pace and stared fixedly at the statue, turning his light full upon it. The statue's eyes seemed to follow him steadfastly. Anybody who knew anything of the methods of sculpture would have known at once why, but Mr. Maurice Miller did not. The ' Dying Gladiator's' eyes had the pupils deeply sunk and cut in obliquely ; and, according as the light falls up in, such eyes seem to roll and reflect it variously. The depth of the stone looks as though illuminated from within mysteriously. With the concentrated rays of the dark lantern, the illusion was complete. Fora second the G-entleman Burglar really half believed the statue was glaring at him. It was only for a second, however, lime, place, and action, all were momentarily discon certing. You cin't help being nervous when you re robbing a museum. .Next minute, he had walked boldly up to the ' Dying Gladiator laid his hand witn firmness on the cold marble limbs, put his exploring little finger into tbe rolling eveballs, and satisfied himself thorough!; that the* ' Gladiator' was stone, and that nis eyes were mere empty and hollowed -out sockets. The incident unnerved him, however. Joe Stokes's words had exercised an unwonteoiy dis composing influence. Still, business is business , and being a man of parts he returned to it sedulously. HV» rrnitinued to pick out tiieobject^j The $utler directs attention to the ' Nymph or Diana.' He just gazed up with terrified eyes at the CommqduH. that suited him best, and then glanced up casually once more towards the Njmph of Diana. Again be gave a start. The Nymph of Diana was positively smiling at him. Well she might, indeed ; for she had continued to smile — one might almost say to simper— for nearly two thousand years. Yet that stony smile threw him off his guard again. Alone in that vast room, he approached the statue with bushed breath. Vague .shadows from the eculpture floated huge over the ceiling as he moved his little lamp. The silence seemed to hum. He almost longed to see those wLite limbs begin to move. The solitude and the stoniness were enough to appal him. He touched the Diana. See was as lifeless as the ' Gladiator.' Her eyes, not hollowed out, but staring like death, were less, and yet, at the same time, more human than the other's. Her .smile was ghastly. He retreated with a shudder. Half unable to go on, he laid down his lamp for a moment en the base of the Commodus. Alarmc d, yet ashamed of himself, be pulled out his handkerchief and wiped his clammy brow. As he did so, he felt sure the CommoduB drew a long breath, and peered down at him fcrutinuingly. He wa$ go certain of the fact that, for a moment, he didn't even dare to look up. Then he turned and gazed. And the Commcdus, without inoviDg a muscle of its fctone face, gazed straight down with its frankly human eyes, focussed full upon him. Great heavens ! These eyes were not stony like the rest, but coloured like life, and as he started they followed him ! For the first time in his career the Gentleman Burgkr stood there, rooted to the ground, in speechless horror. He could not move a limb. He could not cry or speak. He just gazed up with terrified eyes at the Commodus. And the Commodus, in return, gazed down at him, and broke into a horrid smile of triumph. He was sure it smiled — yes, he saw it ; he heard it ! Joe Stokes's words had come true. The Commodus was stepping down from its pedestal to accost him. In another second it had stepped down and faced him. Stony white, aLd still robed in its marble hunting costume, it stared him full in the eyes, as he had seen before now the statue on the stage step down atd stare at Don Juan in the opera. He was not tuperstitious, he had told Jce Stokes ; and indeed, it was commonly said of Maurice Miller in the profession that ' he feared neither God nor D-svil.'' But, at that moment, bis limbs shook under him with deadly terror. He hardly knew what he thought. He couldn't say whether the thing was stone or flesh. He was only aware in some dim way that something terrible was happening. The Romin Emperor laid his heavy hand on the Gentleman Burglar's shoulder. Contrary to expectation, the hand was not cold and stiff and stony, but soft like a human being's. The tenifkd Burglar looked down with awe into the Roman Emperor' s face —for Commodus was distinctly the thorter of the two — and saw the smile en it broaden. He remembered that ii.ee. Where had he seen it before P Then all at once, it dawned upon him. Betrayed! Betrayed! This was the little Curate ? The Roman Emperor spoke out, not in very choice Ciceronian Litin, &uch; as you expect from Emperor/», but wi'h familiar words and in tte British vernacular. ' Maurice Miller, I arieat you. Cume along ! You're my prisoner.' In a minute, the whole truth flashed acrcsa the Gentleman Burglar's enlightened mind. The little Curate was a detective, with violet-powdered face, and white calico Roman costume. He had stood there on the pedestal on purpose to catch him. But the Curate was small, and Maurice Miller was strong ; 1hey might fight for it still ! His hand sought his pecket. The deteciive fore stalled him. ' Ready ! ' he cried aloud, seiziDg the Burglar's right arm in an iron grip, and, ia a second the electric light blazed forth on the ceiling, and four policemen, jumping out from an unseen door An the panelling, secured their prisoner. ' Saw it all !' the little Curate observed triumphantly, wiping away the violet powder. ' Saw just how he does it ! Proof enough to connect him by circumstantial evidence with those three other caseB we always suspected ! But my ! How my joints ache ! I ain't eorry, I can tell you, to come down off that pedestal !' And the Gentleman Burglar and Joe Stokes have had leisure since to reflect how the trick was done by that clever fellow, Spotterson, who followed them down in disguise, and dogged them from Waterloo— during an enforced holiday from the duties of their profession, of seven years duration. 