THE SPIRIT OP THE CAYE HOTJSES. I "No, seuor, I will not go with you, neither will my people go with you. It is not good to go to the rock-houses. Spirits have their walking-glace there— spirits of white men. The ghosts of our own people are not good, hut the spirits of white men are devils." That'was the encouragement I received on setting out for my first summer's ethnological work among the clifE-chvell ings of New Mexico. It was the old headman of the pueblo, Ziacoto, who refused in this stately way to lend mo anv guides for the trip, and when he saw I was determined to go anyhow, dismissed inc with the cheerful warning: "When you are dead, let not your mother's spirit reproach ine!" I tried to find out how long the cliff dwellings were supposed to have been haunted, but the old fellow was uncom municative, " How can I tollhe answered. " Spirits live long. It is most likely they have been there many -years. I myself have not seen them, but it is said that always evil spirits dwelt in the rock-houses, and within a year they' have walked. My people have seen them and died. It is not good to go there." Of course I did not care anything for old Tellow Jacket's ghosts. I had heard often of the lost silver-mine of the Tewan, and I supposed that this was one of the ways the Indians tried of keeping strangers out of the mountains, and pro bably had told the same thing so often, they had come to believe it themselves. But Ave set out for the cave-dwellings, nevertheless, with an outfit of - .six, though none but' the packers know any thing at all about the location of the dwellings, and they only by hearsay. It was slid that this set of cave-houses had never been visited by white men, and by the time wo got to them, I was rvell inclined to believe it. _ They Avcre two day's travel up the main-canon of the Santa' Cruz into the very heart of the mountains, and then another full day's crawl •■'up through a little black box canon, narrow as a knife-blade and dark as a squaw's pocket, with only a thin blno line overhead where the shy came, and where you could almost see the stars in day-time. Once out of the canon, with the roar of the stream kelow still in our ears, we found1 ourselves almost in the middle of a big saucer-shaped mesa, surrounded on three sides with mountains, and dropping off sheer on the other to the valley of the Bio Grande. A good-sized iiiountain torrent, swelled with the melting of the ■snows, cut across the plain and dropped into the crack in the earth out of which we had just crawled, and five jniles away, cutting diagonally across the mem, was a thick pine forest, and.rising out of the centre of that, pink 111 tlio light' of tlio sunset, and all the more vivid against the green of the forest beneath it, rose the long, straight wall of the cliff where we knew Ave should fiud tlio cave-dwellings. And, "sure enough, next morning, when we trotted up through the cool green of the pine woods, fresh with the smell of thedow'still on it, there were the caves, hundreds and hundreds of them, carved out of the soft tufa cliff that, on close in spection, was yellow instead of pink. Thotop of the cliff was eighty or a hundred feet high, a sheer outcrop of volcanic ash and pumice. But the straight wall in which the caves were cut was only the upper forty or fifty feet of it, the base being buried in a broken mass of talus, sloping down at an angle of forty degrees to the river that swept down along the foot of the slope like a mill-race. "We put in a good day's work at the rock-houses, which did not look as though they had ever heen touched by a ■ wbite man. Casey ran a. base line for bis survey, and nearly dropped bis rod man off tlie cliff doing it, for it was terribly steep in places. By night there had come up a regular mountain thunderstorm, and for our own convenience we had moved into, one of the rock-houses and stabled the: -mules in another. It was as comfortable: a'camp as ono could want in a storm, no possi bility of the rain getting to us, while, perched as we were high uji the cliff,, the prospect out over the level top of tlie great pine forest was magnificent—the black and gray masses of clouds rolling down over the greeu of the woods, and the river far down below us plunging over tlio rooks and spouting up in white spray around the bend of the cliff. The wind howled and the rain came down straight and thick as telegraph wire, breaking into mist where if hit the rocks and pitting the swift-moving current of the midstream. The thunder kept'on booming like mountain batterir-s in tbe bills behind us, and rolled and rattled like the crash of avalanches down tlie slope. Night had fallen, and the only light outside was the lightning, that lit up lhe top of the forest and the moun tains beyond with a pale, slaty light, and turned theround doorway of the oave into tlie mouth of a great camera oliscura. But we were dry and comfortable. Tlio fire throw up big, fanciful silhouettes of tbe par! y on the walls, while tbe smell of the frying bacon set the coyotes to howl ing mournfully outside, as though Fray Antonio and the hell-hounds were out for ft midnight foray sure enough. We did not mind the'storm—rather enjoyed it, in fact—ate, smoked, and told stories, and finally, Avhen tbe conversation had flagged, old Salts, one of the packers, . turned to the other, a j-oung man, with the remark : " Say, Rich, this must be pretty close to tbe place Avhere you and ' Corelii had your walk around with tbe Navajos last spring—ain't it 'i " It was a good draw for a story, but Bich only growled something about it beiug " too damned close." and then curled down on his blankets again and looked uncomfortable. Salts tried to draw iiim a little further, lint seeing be would not talk and as the boys wanted tbe sloiy, himself told of how Rich, tlio past spring, had coiuc near getting jiieked off by a roving party of Navajos. Rich was ill the cavalry at Win gale at the time, and wasclose chums with Lon Corelii, a young half-breed, the two being like brothers, except that tliey were in love with the same girl clown in El Paso. The two had been sent doAvn to Arcbuletta on courier duty by themselves, though old Colonel Douglass kueAv the Indians Avero restless, and Rich came back alone, nearly dead, and looking like a ghost, to tell how, on tbe way book to the fort, they had had a two day's chase with a war party, and liow Lon had been shot out of his saddle near tho top of the Arcbuletta Pass; and Bich himself had only got back after having bis horse Trilled and wandering for two days in the bills Avithout anything to eat. A search ing party had been sent out after the Indians had been rounded up; but though they searched the Rio Chico from the spot where Rich had seen the body go tumbling down the cliff into the river down stream nearly to where tbe stream came but by ibc cave-cliifs, they could find -no'trace of it. This experience soured Rich on the service, and when his time was out, bo did not re-enlist, but married the girl he and Corelii had been jointly in love with and joined pur outfit as a packer. The storm got worse instead of better, but that did not trouble us, and the boys finally rolled up in their blankets. Eieb, ■who was evidently uncomfortable stirred up by the recollection of Salt's story, but who bad not said a word the whole time, got up and spread bis blankets on the far side of the fire from the door, and, though it was really not cold, wrapped himself up, head and ears, and lay there like a log. The other follows were smoking cigarettes, Mexican fashion, inside their blankets; but gradually the puffs of smoke died down and the fire flickered and waned. I must have been asleep, for I had a sort of half nightmare sensation of there being someone beside ourselves in the cave. There seemed to be a cold, damp draught directly off the water, and. the embers of the fire ohone a pale-blue, phosphorescent tint; Thero jvas not light \- enough for shadows, but ! jyatr dimly . conscious that something, not some one, > ■was moving and searching among us for something that it could not find. I felt all the weak helplessness of nightmare and the same oppressive terror of some thing that was going on within my presence, but beyond my power to con trol. I could feel the skin draw tight around my forehead, and there was that pricking sensation about the scalp, a lifting of the hair, that legacy of some far-off savage ancestor when man had more traits in common with the brutes. I could no more move than if a great weight had been on my chest, and there was a rumbling sound as of water in my Then, with a feeling of indefinable horror, I saw the blankets about Rich . begin to uuroll, not as though he were throwing them off, but with a creeping amceboidal: motion, as though endowed with a life of thoir own. Then Rich himself began to rise, a sort of mechanical motion like a figure coining up through the trap of^a theatre. The pale light of the embers threw his face into ghastly lines aud wrinkles, and on it there was stamped the same dumb teiror that Icould feel upon my own. And still thero persisted that feeling of another presence in • the cave, though there was nothing definite in the moving shadows. On Rich's face there was a look of piteous appeal, as he seemed to he dragged to his feet and drawn, mutely resisting, across the cave toward the door. I felt that he was being drawn to his death, as though some horrible fate awaited him on the threshold, but for the life of me I could not move a finger to save him, and the other sleeping' figures lay still as death, all unmindful of what was going on. , , The wind howled and the thunder, boomed'down the hollows of the cliff, and still Rich was dragged slowly, resisting but scarcely struggling, toward the door. The lightning Hashes lit up his agonised face like that of a prisoner on the rack, and his shadow writhed in the bright flashes against the wall. I could almost have sworn there were two shadows, hut the dumb helplossness of half-sleep con- j fused me. There was somefhing unreal and unnatural in it all, and yet, hack of the terror of the moment, there seemed to hang a deeper horror of some tragedy that I could feel but could not under-; stand. It was a second "Damnation of Faust," and I a helpless spectator on the edge of the Brockcn, gazing in fascinated terror at the abyss into which at liny moment I might myself be drawn. . But it could not last. Tho strain was too in tense. The shrinking .figure reached the doorway, and I was almost prepared to seo him struck down by an avenginA blast of lightning, like the terrific stage effect in son 10 great tragedy. But instead of that the lightning, which though fitful; had been almost nuceasing, died out into silent blackness. Only in the centre of the cavo the blue light of the embers seemed: to float, like a death-fire over- an open grave, hat gave neither - light nor shadows. I lost sight of Rich, there was the sound of a strugglo in the darkness, and then there broke out ah agonised yell of pure animal terror. The spell was broken. - The half-light of the iiro— red, warm, and grateful filled tho cave again. The hoys started from their blankets, guns in hand, and I found myself bending over Rich, who was lying insensible in the doorwav. I was dripping with cold sweat, and lie was white and cold as a corpse, withtheblood running from a big cut in his forehead, where lie bad fallen against the rock doorway. The storm had passed over 'and the thunder was growling off on,tho far side of the Rio Grande, while. the rocks out- ; side were still wet hud " dripping with the rain. But the moon was breaking through the clouds and the air smelled fresh and cool. The boys wanted to know, what was the matter, but I. hardly know whether my part in the uiicauny scene had been more than a dream, so I told ! them I did not know, except that I had I had tho nightmare and Rich seemed to have been walking in his sleep. But ho seemed to be pretty well used up by his fall, and it took a liberal drenching with water and allopathic doses of whisky to put any life into him. Tho next morning he was half delirious with a high fever, and had to be left in the cliff-house while the rest of the party went out to work. Howard was something of a doctor and did the best he could for him; and when night came and the boys had got supper, Rich ate a little something and dropped off to sleep. I had gone to sleep, too, glad enough tbaj; his case had turned out no worse than it was, for there had been I something truly awful in the way his ill ness had come about. I had not spoken to any one hut Ned Howard about tiio true story of our joint nightmare experience, [ and ho had only said " Humph and let the matter drop. It must have been past midnight when I was waked by the sound of shots ontside, and old Salts shook me, saying: "For God's sake, Cap, get up! Rieb's loose, and he's gone, plumb locoed!" I rolled out of my blankets, and started for the door, but the old packer -held, me hack. " Look out." ho whispered ; " Le's crazy I as a loon, and he's shooting up the rock houses." As I looked out another shot sounded ; and, peering from the shelter of the door way, I saw Rich about t wentv-five vards away, crouching in an angle'of the* cliff wth a pair of revolvers in bis hands, ap parently trying to keep off some invisible assailant who was hovering in front of him. He was yelling some warning at the top of his voice, and now and then letting fly a shot. It was a terribly nerve-trying sight, I the half-dressed madman there in the' moonlight, battling with his invisible foes. It was so sudden, too. And then there recurred to mo the scene in the cave the night before—the agonised look of terror on the young fellow's face that till this -moment I-had more than half believed was a figment of my own imagination. The.madness was, then, not so sudden, hut had been coming on all that time, perhaps aggravated by the ghastly stories told the night before about tho fire. Thethonglitbudhardlyflashed across my mind, when be emptied the last shot from Ins pistols. Ho snapped them once or twee, hesitated, aud then, like a man driven^ desperately to bay, threw them atsometmngin front of Him, and,'dod<ring as though from some'terrible pursnei* ■" came racing up the cliff like a hunted piclcrabbit. It was a horrible," broken path": strewn with boulders. On one hand rose the straight wall of the cliff, and on the other was the broken slope of the talus running down fifty feet to the water below. A slip on tho odgo would mean death. We veiled to the fugitive, but ho did not heed us, and bounded along from boulder to boulder on tbo very edge of the cliff, hor.iotimes looking back and shaking his-fist, and again gathering himself for a spring, like a mountain sheep, and skimming along at a racin» speed where it would he "hard to walk I even in day-time. He passed us like a Hash and, was * gone along the.terrace, yelling like a madman, now plainly visible in the bright patches of moonlight and again . lost in' tho shadows. Wg followed in hope of bring* ing him back, but it was like chasing a night-hawk. Tho other boys wore also ont and joined in the chase. ■ "Did you see it, Cap ? " panted old Salts, as fve raced along the ledge, with the wild figure of Rich dancing ahead of us. " See what-?," I snapped angrily,, for I guessed what he meant, but did -not want to own it. "The other thing, the—by God, Cap, I ean see it now; it's follerin' him." But just then the runner stopped and threw up his hands. The cliff bentnta sharp angle and ran straight across his path. He was a hundred .yards away, but we could see him double and turn this way and that, seeking a place of escape, springing up and clutching:, the j smooth face of the cliff, "like a rat jiy a ; water-bucket, trying every direotion bu t tbe open path behind him that seamed to ! be blocked by some horrible, but, to us, j invisible shape. And then, to ourborror, j he faced toward us, and, with bis back to the cliff, fighting desperately with his ! hands at something in front of him,—hff - began to edge out along a narrow ledge that ran out and overhung the water. "Wo yelled to him with all our strength and redoubled our speed, but he did not seem to hear, and fighting frantically at some thing that seemed to be grappling at his throat, he staggered back step by Btep toward the edge, and then, borne down as though by some powerful antagonist, he sank to his knees on the very edge of the rock, swayed, and, with a wild screain, toppled over backward, clutching at the air, turning and writhing iu his fall, over and over and down, strik ing a projecting ledge and bounding off into deep water with a seething ruck of bubbles and foam that swept down and was lost in the current. "We picked our way down the talus to the water in the faint hope of recovering the body. Salts peered out around the corner of the cliff, stepping on what seemed- to be a log, but it gave way under his foot, and be drew back with an oath. There in the still water formed by ■the eddy, bobbing up and down where his foot had set it in motion, was bloated corpse, months old, caught in the tangle of bushes growing in the slack water. It had apparently been kept "only by the ice-cold water. The face .was horrible and beyond recognition even in the bright moonlight, while the very clothes looked bleached and wan from their long immersion. It was a soldier, for it wore the long, blue overcoat and cavalry boots, but when wo tried to lift it,, the cloth came away in haudfuls like wet blotting-paper. Salts turned it over with a stick, and as the long, black, matted hair came into view, and in the ear a tiny gold ear-ring, be exclaimed : " Lon Corelli 1 Ho's floated down stream here and lodged." ;But what's he doing here ? " I ex claimed. half resentfully, as though the presence of the. corpse had something to do with the horrible scene wo had just been-witnessing. ■ if x - Salts said nothing, but worked his stick as a lever, and the thing in the water rolled over sluggishly, bringing the broad back to view, and there, stick behind the slioulder-blude, was a silver mounted dirk. . ' The old packer stooped and drew it out and turned it over in the bright moonlight. Then he'-'pointed to souie lettering on tho liandlo and jerked his head toward the middle of the river. " It's his .knife," ho said. 