Town Talk. That the weather is Mpidly growing worse; lsaatways, it is becoming more disastrous. That, before long, besides having a billy goat corps, some portions of the colony will require a camel coips. That, as water is drying up everywhere, it is only camels that will be able to tramp the re quired distance to where it can be found. That, without a doubt, last Monday morning was the coldest morning we have had this 'Thtdeg. Febah. is a very tair reoord at 6a0O am.,wrhich was the mercar'es highiy-creditable seht on the date mentioned. TShat teally it seems as ii the setting apart of s .ay for grayer for min is about what is most neeeeoatf jost now, That~e " T.T." msa is nebthamed to say hat he believes in proper for rain; and he I throws out the above remat as a bit of a' ?pointer for the Chumch utborities. That the watetwodak .ghost has again per eabulated the Cosourlmahaabers. ?that his ghostsbhi was seen by every member 'oftthe Council on Monday afternoon last. ! -tihat some very aint-hearted attempts at *-ltohiog it were made by those present. 'That A, B, sea C tried to sool D, E, and F' mn to it, but tbere was not much "heeling" sitoaslly done. That one or two 'others ventured to hint rhat "an' they could if they would." That, really, it ,is time that the ghbot wasa laid-it must be tired of wandering about i That it should be collared low, and then men's minds will be at rest. That the ghost has been on " the wallaby" fo0 ars now, and ehould be dealt with once For alt That---ow is the time I : That eight passes out of ten candidates is Siretty fair work, and that is what the Ipswich Boys' Grammar School did at the. UnLvarsity Sjunior eamos. That three yasses out of four candidates is also very gooa and that is what the ,irls' Grasmmar School did. Thattihesedal for botany is coming to the Limestone Hillseminary and-let nobody.torget tI That I?pwis? had a d ind of mortgage on that medalltor Aeveral years now. That of coonrse it may go hence eomeaear wrhaspeewn next year-battheappil who takes t henoe will have to be all?-id smart. Is Hew South Wales listening? That Either has brought a nice hornet's nest aS% about his ears re his strictares on ;jatices of thepeace. That, when rebuked in the House, he was wvey ocky over the affair, hut, of ?caurse, he was bond to assume airs oa that kind--that is a way 41U the great Labour ilsagivera have; are theymot above Premiers andOovernore and That,:for all that, perhaps by thiaime it has dawned upon Andrew that it wonldthave been better fb him if he had done what others of his hidneya*hypld pften do-remain severely silent. hat the attempt to horsewhip'the South Auotralin Premier appearsto haveanded disas tnemsly for the assailant. That the moral o this inoident ie-don't at tempt to hammer anybody unless yoa are quite are that he can't hammer youn. 'hatsthe festive railway locomottm has once more very nearly been the causedo a serious maciaent-not to say lossoe life. hst, fortunately, there is a chance of such accidents being fewer in fatore-there's a new bidgeEtioking outl That one again the Parliamentary Class da nortmeet when theysehoold havre done so. Thattbhigs have come to esch.·A ss, now, tht .a "korum" is abopt.as saroe as a bone used.,t be in the cupboard of a certain elderly hat, considering all things, itlooks as it the class ehoald be prroogued msde die-that would be better than the existing wretbbed state of aSsairs. Thatwhile the institution drngs on such a aliseraile life as at present it only.turmanesh a humiliating epectacle. That there was a time when- blt,mo matter I UClose the shntters; Willie'sdead.t' S That a good deal has often been said re apetinag the departed glories voi Laidley tiAcet. That, judging by last 'Sednesday's football conguest, those vanished glories seem likely to oase ihack again to form a haloaasound the marble brow of Laidley football That the ball-thumpers ap that way must sarely be dark horses when theyaosa pat the the Saneviews down byaS,pointstosi. That.soch a doing as that mout'come very elose to.a record. * That, any way, the chanoes are that the visitoer don't want any bigger recorn made agaiatihbem. . That,.it the laidley mea.ea -keep.that pace p theyahould just about winevery time. That .oar poloista did not bring back with them the scalps of the Toowoombaplayers. That,e~werthelese, they did everything that they could to effect'that object, and would gohbablysave succeeded if it had nobbeen for s evea <hunks of thredoomeral Inelu ' . *'.Tha(xt time they meet their galati ansa deservedly jubilant opponente they will, as ' ure as fate, "lift thei har"aAsnoe ontheir iaagleconrpse--so to apeak. Tht invew of this certainty, the sa.lping maives and tmmahawks of the ipswich men are already being sharpened to raeor-e4ige asdheir countenamces are daily assuming a blood thirsty tpeet-most terrible to behold. That, altholgh they were dsetttedthe tisit Shad the satisfaction of having a Spkendid noting, and of.eating and drinkiqngof thhbest that their hospitable entertainers couldprovide lorthem. That the Ipswich ponies, toe, assert that. the Toowoomuha fire was blamed fine staft,ad,.at a recent meeting,;passed a vote of thanks tothe Toowoomha oloists. That they added a rider-at the suggestion; SHardinsga mount-to the efect that they] don't cars e soonu heyvisit the Downs?aasin. That the style of the veteran player ,just mentioned was mouh admired, and, at an; -.sathusiastit send-off to our, team, ne aof the, 'Toowoombe spectators called for ^ Another; cehear for the a?d man garding I" That it is qnite needless to say that .thesall lwas heartily responded to by every "inetor'e ,sn present. That a perusal of the reports submitted at !the half-yearlymneeting of the subscribers totk. ,Hospital will show how awell the instit?tionie managed. That the subscrihere-and indeed thegeaeral p.blio-may bet their socks that, owing to the; ncreased number oca tients (in and out), there iscihad to be a lOof engineering in order to m:n the affair suecessfully with the meanu Asalieble. What it is to be hoped hat the public will tear this fact in mind when "Hospital Sator de anad Sunday" arrive. Shat.his Honour Mdr. Justice eal worked of. ane.or-two little " goaks cn Wednesday. That, on the whole, thejappear to have been ather oruel ones. That as he would not trust to the accuracy as aewapaper people, it is enot altogether easy to anderstand how he eaea have "a great re speetfor.them." That his aseurance to the juy thatthe Sheriff J wounl make them as comfortable as he could under the circumstances was a bit of good. humoured barbarity. That everybody knows that the Sheriffwould not provide them with port-wine, or Rothsehild cigars, or with feather beds, or with anything else that is popularly supposed to make life worth living. That his Honour's suggestion that they mnigbt go for a drive in the morning was another thr st-who did he think was going to provide the aroughams and victorias and lan-i dane and sedan chairs ? That Glassey fell into a mighty stony place when be held forth on the enormous privileges enjoyed by the Qoueensland pastoralislta-es eetelly in the matter of rents, That after he had {to his own satifaction) haved tht the pastoraliats here were sucking ' *aslife-blood outof the country, Bell took him ; y s ear a*Q Leaky by the other and readed "!.e.lat-.thas'is to say, ahewedha he didn't That that, however, Is a verz common prac tie with the member for Bures. That even members of his own party are reported to be getting heartily tired of his leadership. That his Eccelleocy the Governor wa the most unasosming andtbemost popular man on the grounds eat the Iddley show on Thursday. That his reference to the keen winds experi enced when the show was held last year at Gatten was much appreciated by many others who haidecolieetions of that day. That faodenald-Patecto game his-hearers at*the lseheo sibme interesting glimpses of his fssl history. That he told them, amoeg other things, that his great- grandfather lived for six months in Dublin, and asquired a flavour of the blarney that wa very useful afterwards. tWst'he also told them that he (Mscdonald Paterson) was the smallest of the boys in the family. That those who know the bnrly proportions of this genial Upper House legislator were at nnce inolined to think that his brothers must be:gisnte.' Tst' Grimes looked parti?ulaly happy when the schoel-children were singing the lationa?l Anthem. That one or two observant bystanders .thought once or twice that he was going to join in, but he managed to restrain himself. That the members of the Blind Jubilee Con -cart Company travelled to Laidley by train on the morning of the show. That one of their nmeber-the resourceful "Master" Bartlett, to wit--ase not much cap tivated with the "lightning" rapidity at which Queensland trains travel. That he cofided to a brother in distress that they were abominably slow--that, in fact, he ousld get oet and de the joerney quicker os foot. That the amorous individual who makes Wilson's-lane a oontinooUs trysting-place must have an eye for the pictureagoe--or for some thing else. That people in the neighbourhoed are Ie ginning to wonder 'whether a branch of the postal service has been established in that pa ticulac lane. 