CHRISTMAS, 1895 It was a quaint old fancy of a younger and more imaginative age than ours to hear authentic messages in the music of chiming bells, and to attribute to the peal a magi- cal gift of identity with the fears and hopes and ceaseless romance of humanity. " Vox ego sum vitæ,' ran the inscription on an historic Paris bell, and Funera plango, Fulgura frango, Sabbato pango, says the old monastic distich, It is in some such spirit as this, half of vague sentiment and half of long- accustomed association, that we fall in with the mood of a modern poet, and " — hear the bells on Christmas Day Their old familiar carols play," reading into their melody dreams of the past and fancies of the future, and whatso- ever the mood of the individual prompts the ear to note and the mind to echo. But for everyone the message of the Christmas peal is, in one sense, always the same. The bells are the voice of the end of the year, carol- ling once more their mellow song of peace and goodwill and prophecy. It is natural enough that each individual should find there an echo of the year's experience, ihe sense of: loss or the renewal, of hope, a reminder or happiness or a memorial of sor- row, just as the changes of the passing year have brought to each their chances of good or evil fortune. The touch of vanished hands, the sound of stilled voices, the ghosts of sped pleasure, the remembered grief, and all that goes to make up the tragedy or farce of human life are in some strange but well understood way brought back for one way- ward moment, when the mysterious spell of the season casts its weird charm alike over rich and poor, over man and maid, and over dreaming youth and listless age. For if the season is one of festivity and traditional good cheer, it is also one with its own suggestion of a gentle note of something not unlike regret, gilding the fancy with a rare light as of forgotten sunsets, and with a witchery of its own to " touch the tender stops of various quills to eager thought." But the Australian Christmas is essen- tially a cheerful and exhilarating festivity. Among the memories of many of our readers to day there will recur, no doubt, a mind- picture of a Christmas of snow and winter, of ivy and holly, and of an old land dearer to them by many kindly and sacred ties than this. But Australia is the home of their children, and the Australian Christ- mas has for the younger generations the same genial and cordial associations as those which lent a glow of warmth even to a wintry Noel at the other side of the world. And meanwhile, both young and old have cast in their lot here, and made their home far away from all the associations of a past so remote that it seems like a dream or a faint memory of some previous state of existence. Even the day itself is a different thing. The seasons reverse themselves, and strange flowers and sunny skies outvie each other in giving the Australian Christmas a distinctive and original character of its own. The waratah burns on the hillside. The yellow flame of the wattle lights up the sad monotony of the Australian landscape with a halo of light and colour. The Christmas bush and the Christmas-bells turn to gold and crimson, the boronia sparkles into points of scarlet glow, white and: purple creepers festoon the trees that line the country way- side, and even the white epacridae come with their suggestion of crisp hoarfrost as if to accentuate the contrast be- tween the Christmas of the old land and the new. The young and tender leaves of the eucalyptus catch the sun against their billowy backgrounds of green, and light up the treetops to greet the season's guest, so that the hills look like some old battlements ablaze with watch-fires and torches. The breath of mid summer is in the air, and the shimmering landscape radiates fierce heat. The white trunks of leafless trees gleam ghost-like in the sun, and the heat-haze hangs like an Oriental lace-veil curtain over the thirsty land. We could have managed very well, indeed, without so many of these Christmas accessories this year, and our wheat-crop would have been none the worse for it. But these things are characteristic of the season, and they enter into our conception of what Christmas is as well as into those associa- tions with its sentiment which will, as an essential part of the impression of the season, colour its memories into latest life. In such matters we are the creatures of our familiar surroundings, and for the Austra- lian men and woman of the future the waratah, the wattle, and the Christmas-bell will become as much a part of the sentiment and romance of common life as the season- able ivy and holly of the old world. But whatever the individual experiences of the past year may have been, its public record has been marked for our readers by some noteworthy occurrences. For Catho- lics the year 1895 will have a place in the history of the Church in Australasia by reason of the Plenary Synod of the Arch- bishops and Bishops of the Continent, held in Sydney under the presidency of his Eminence the Cardinal. That pic uresque and, from many points of view, interesting assemblage marked an important stage of growth, and spoke eloquently of the vitality and evergreen youth of the grand old Church. It took the mind back to the time when its first humble beginnings were made in travail and obscurity in this part of the world, and brought into high relief the zeal and foresight of its missionaries, the unity and vigour of its organization, and the evidences of material growth in the innumerable cathedrals, churches, colleges, convents, and schools with which our population areas are gene- rously dowered from Cape York to Cape Otway, and from Cape Byron to the growing capital on the western sea- board. Nor is it possible at such a time to the forget the names and services of the men of past-— the venerable Polding, the eloquent and scholarly Vaughan, and the phalanx of worthy missioners that begins with Father Flynn, and includes such men as Therry and M'Encroe. But their names belong to history, and it is a far cry from the coming of the first priest to the brilliant gathering in the Sydney Town Hall the other day, at the reception tendered to the Hierarchy by the Catholic laymen of the city. Such an event as the Plenary Synod recalls the world-wide agitation during the year on the subject of the Reunion of Christendom, and the part taken in it by the exponents of Catholic thought in this hemisphere. The utterances of the Cardinal fitly echoed those of the Catholic episcopacy elsewhere and ;the Encyclical of that able statesman and worthy successor of a long line of Pontiffs who now fills the Papal Chair. In the ; natural order of things the Catholic world c.m hardly expect th*t LsoXElI. will. con. tiflue to occupy thai extiteJ position much longer, and it may be that b»foi;e another year closes a Buccesaor will reign in his place. Bafc whether the present Pope rules for years more or Ibhb, the events of the past yeas will not be among the leaat notable of his fruitful and wonder- working Pontificate. Another direction iu which we may look for eucouragement i3 that which points towards the euooeubtul jear'a record of our O^tholio schools. One of these has topped the record this year at the Senior University examina tions. From all oideo fcho roporta of the yearly examinntiono oond in choering aaonr anceo of perfoi'manco in tho poo'; and of pro mice in the fufcui'G. Oui? educational ootab. liohmento Ma training n pace of young Catholic Auoti'dicnQ who will be something othei1 than moro u hewos?o of wood and drawers of water' in the part they play in their day and generation. Looking further afield, not the lenDt oatiofactory ol our reflec tiono is ouggeoted hy fche fact fchri our racial interests have been gratified by the promise of peace in the Inch Parliamentary party, Fol1 too long have the hopeo of the Irish people at homo and abroad been disappointed by disunion, and, we may lake a just pleasure in the fact that oui? own Cardinal hftB borne a helpful part in bringing about the prospect of brighter thinga. Mr. D^vitt'e successful visit to Australia wa-j one of the events of the year, and the Irish press in already hailing fche Cardinal's foegofc-me-nofi massage cent back through that tried and trusted Irishman ao c oignsl aervice to the National cause. Returning to local affaire, it does not appeal? that the Eeuulta of the Q-ener* 1 Election have given us anything to specially congratulate ourselves upon; and no colonist is likely to forget that, one oil the notable events of the yesi7 has been the development of the lamentable Dean ease, culminating ia what more than a few public men have not hesitated to characterize a a an unprea cedented and oomewhat vindictive prosecu tion. The year cIoqgg with a prospect of better timeo for the colony, bufc fche results! of the depression have aofc jet left us ; and while we exchange the oeasons' greetings we are not likely to forget that many families nf nnv nrfipd and raco will (mend a hannifii* Chris' mas if we do not overlook the charit able and hospitable traditions of this neigh bourly time of the year. 