SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHIG a GIRL DID HE MARRY? Br SKIFF BOBLASK, Author of " For True Lore'c Sake/' "Three Lovely Women," "Darker than Death," "An Ocean Secret," "Beoalled to Life," "Riches to Ruin," "Who Killed John Cameron?" " The Polioe Minister," &o.; CHAPTER XXX. TH* INQUEST—TLLK COBPSE IDE NTTPTKD—HAL- CAMUS GREENWOOD HAS A MISHAP. When Mr. fUdoh&e; had reoorered the full postetiion of hie faculties be didn't ask what had become of Lunoelot Leigh or about anything elie; but expressed a derira to go immediately to bed, and when there insisted on having a stiff nightoap, bavuur quaffed which he went at once to sleep. The next morning, however, hs found himself too ill to get up, and a doct3r being ssnt for, and on arrival told of all the incident* of the preceding night. He declared that old John waa suffering from a violent shock to the syitem, whioh, working on a drink-shattered constitution, might or might not prove dangerous; hut he couldn't tell with any otrtainty just yet. • So he was bled and leeohed and blistered aoeording to the onstom of the period, when patients were perforoe made to Jcaook at Death's door and then allewed to try and dodge him aronud the corner as ha opened it, after whioh heroie treatment the medioo wrote out a eertifidate that he was wholly unfit to be present at the iuqawb that at ten o'clock waa to be held on the poor girl who lay dead in Limbo. He had been formally snbpoeoaed to attend aa » witnesa ; whilst many thought that he would leave it as a prisoner, for 'twas mot every one who had heard Lancelot's Leigh's address to the rioten. Even $trs. RadcliSe was glad rather thaa otherwise that her hncband was too ill to be present thereat, though in point of fact she need have had no appreheniiens on sneh a soore, for an hour before it was held a poor woman came into Rochdale from the neigh, bourhood of Littleborough, labouring under great distress of mind, and on pnrpoia to view the body. When she saw it she waa jut barely able to reoognite it by the lorn and muc-oosted dress and the initials worked on the anderlinen to be that of her daughter, Rachel Rhodes, who had been missing from home lines the sudden rising of the river, and who she believed mutt have fallen into and been swept away by it whilst on her rosd home aloog the northern bank after dark. Her appearance and testimony gave the Coroner and Jury an easy task, and a verdict was almost immediately brought in that the deceased, Rachel Rhodes, had met her death throngh misadventure, and that very afternoon her body wat interred in St. Chad's churchyard. Of oourse After the inquest was over and the full particulars thereot bad got about, even the most obstinate and the most prejudioed absolved Mr. Radoliffe from ail blame, though, truth to tell, many a man had been hanged for wilful murder oa far slighter testimony of guilt. But meanwhile where is Haloamus Greenwood, and what has he been about? Mr. Radoliffe had foolishly thought that it was he who in wanton misohtsf had set Tosspot and his oompanioni) upou him, but, in point of faat, Haloamus bad had nothing whatever to do with the attack on The Wood, for he felt not the slightest desire to cook the goose which had just laid him auuh a magnificent golden egg, and who, he was sanguine enough to hope, wonld lay a similar one for him every year. Far from feeling in the moed for mischief of any kind, his one thought and desire was to get baok to Manchester with his spoil as fast as ever he could, and, knowing that it would hs a rowdy nig&t; in Rochdale, and if fas waa recognised there by anybody he might be subjected to even rougher horseplay than a few mornings previously he had suffered in St Chad's Ohurohyatd and under Packer Spout, whilst in all probability he wonld be robbed during the process, he went straight from The Wood to the Flying Horse Inn, and, a quarter of an hoar later, had left the town behind him. Hethoaght himself a very prudent fellow for so doing, and frequently indeed ohuakled over his aagaaity in she matter, and over his forbearance in not taking more than a single glass of brandy and water while his nag was being saddled for him. But in point of fact, and as he within an hour discovered to his bitter sorrow, he bad merely jumped out of tbe fryingpan into tbe fire, for swcely had he left the low squat tower of Middleton Church a oouple of miles in bis rear when, in the centre of what was then a desolate common, he waa overtaken by a couple of mounted men, who imperiously ordered him to "stand and deliver ! Haloamus Greenwood's reply was to drop the reins on his nag's nook, and- quick as lightning to pull a pistol out of eaob holster and present them at his opponents, who seeined to be armed only with heavy riding whips. , But; they laughed loudly at this hostile demonstration, and one of them said tauntingly, "Fireaway lad, there's nothing in 'em but powder and paper—the bullets were. draws in tbe stable of the Flying Horse whilst yon were away calling on old Radoliffe. We gleaned that you had gone to bleed your dadin-law, and so we thought we'd in turn bleed you. What's good for the goose is good for 'the gauiler you know," and thereupon they uifeed tbeir horses to within striking diiUnoe of hiin. Haloamus Greenwood fired his two useless weapons in the hope that the flame and smoke and uoise would render his assailants' horses unmanageable until he could whip a third out of his cuat pook«c, namely, the little doublebarrel whioh he had carried with him to overawe Mr. Radoliffe in case his rage should prove stronger than hi* prudence. But the result of this ruse was that be frightened his own steed even more than the highwaymen's, and it commenced to rear and' plunge m so (rantio a manner that to get at bis reserve pistol, and at the same time maintain his scat, was a matter of sheer impossibility. Vainly be dug his »p jr» into the maddened brute's flunks, for it continued to paw the air with its fore hoofs, and iash out with its hind ones, instead of running away, as its rider so' ardently desired it would do, and in half a minute more the two highwaymen, whose manners and masked faces werethesole tokens or their profession (if, indeed, they were anything tnore than the amateurs uberein), bad ndged their nags near enough to strike, one on either side of their perfectly helpless victim. Tbe blows of their lead-loaded whipt were simultaneous, and both of them taking effeot on Greenwood's bead he dropped to the ground like a stone, his borse then, when too late, dashing off ,across the moor at fast as ever it could tear, leaving him atunned and insensible amongst the gorse and heather. The two high waymen quiokly dismounted, and whilst one held tbe horses the other rifled Greenwood's pockets ; his {companion, however, watching him keenly the while. Th«y seemed to bs delighted with cheir find, and one leuiarked to the other " Mate, this repays u« for our four days close watch over him, and for our two traokings of him to Koohdale and baok. Didn't I tell you from tbe first that he was a ohap wbe had a good plant somewhere or other ?" v " Well. Lirr.v, you were right. But we'd better be thinking of the future instegd of the oast ju4t no*," retorted his companion, immediately adding, "I balieva we've regularly settled hi n, and so we'd better use our four-legged horses to escape from the mare who haa only three."* : " That's right enough, Larry. Had ws beat ride baok to Manchester, thihk you ?" "No, Mtnoheitertaoo near, and knows too inuoh of us aa well. Let's try Liveroool. We can gat there and into snug hiding as well before day dawn if we only use our spurs." This proposal seemed to be a welooine one to the other highwayman, for he rejoined "All right, I'm your man," and quiokly remounting tbe brace of worthies struok off across the common in the direction of Leigh. But Haloamui Greenwood waa not ''regularly settled" after all. It would have been a fortunate thing for the Radcliffe family, for Sir Harry Howarth of Clegg Hall, and for many other innooent iieople as well, if he had been, though at the same time it would have had the effeot of making our tale a brief one. But such villains as he die hard, and in the present instance, before the night was half over, tbe driver of some pack horses stumbled over his body whilst he was following his soore of Galloways across the common, and on finding that the oause of his fall was a man who st-i'l lived and breathed, he first of all bandaged up his head to the best of his ability, and then, laying him aoross the hindmost of his steeds as though he also bad been a bale of merchandise (though, to be cure, be was incapable of being borne thereon in any other manner), he carried him thus to Manchester, and finally pot quit of h*m at the door of the old hospital, wherein he was laid up for a considerable time, inoapsble of doing any further mischief, though not for long, from contemplating what he would do as soon as ever he was able to get out and about once more. With Haloamus Greenwood laid np in hospital, and old John Radcliffe in his bed, and with Lancelot Leigh bound down as it were to remain inactive until Mrs. Radoliffe is able to tell him where to seek for Rose, and with Rose's whereabouts a complete mystery, we have clearly no resource open to ns but to return to Clegg Hall, and for a while to keep all our thought- and attention concentrated upon what happens there. This will be no hardship, for we shall bave plenty to engage both; indeed, it would be eaay for us to constrnot a three-volume romance out of tbn terrible and appalling incidents that are destined to happen therein^ 5 Tbe mare with three lsga ia thieves* argot for j gallows. < though in our case these will have to give way in turn to the still stranger and more tremendous events whioh will oosur ia that old house in Goose-lane, whioh was only pulled down some twenty-nine yean ago, and even then owned its ghost, its dungeon, and its treasure chamber—indeed, it was said by sume to bave been nearly a thousand years old, and at one time to have formed portion of a monastery and muoh later of a oonvent. Some of the older inhabitants will readily remember this house, and they will find no difficulty whatever in believing all that we shall have to tell ooaoerning it. 