N']CMK)B.TE. 1 Br J. O. B. The report of last week's meeting of the New South Wales Zoological Society is cheerless read ing. The president, Sir Henry Parkes, tendered his resignation, partly because of his inability to attend regularly, and partly cm account of the misfortunes that have fallen upon the 'Zoo.' According to the poet, the best thing lovely woman can do, once die's stooped to folly, is to die. And, apparently, the best thing a rare animal ran do, once it finds itself in the Sydney collection, is to imitate lovely woman. At all events, according to Sir Henry, numbers of ftnimafg had coiled up and died through sheer inability to submit to the conditions im posed upon them. Not that they were neglected or starved, but because nobody seemed to know when, how, or with what they should be fed ; or when they should be expected to get up in the morning mid go to bed at night. Sir Henry did not think « they had anything like the proper persons to take charge of the dumb crea tures they had under their care.' The loss of the flamingoes was felt deeply by him. They seeminglj Srooped and died owing to unsuitabQity of food, or to inability to accommodate themselves to novel surroundings or to the loneliness arising from having been separated from the particular brand of negro to which they were accustomed and attached. * » * ? At the same time, the difficulty of securing suitable attendants is obvious when it is remem bered that the person best adapted for the task is the person bred and born in the same land as the bird or beast he tends. It stands to reason that the best keeper for a flamingo would be one of Stanley's dwarfs, ' just as the best for a bulldog would be a square- jawed, thick-sticked, knee breeched person from Whitechapei. Again, no body could hope to emulate a Chocktaw in looking after a bison, or a Hindoo m making a tiger's life beautiful. A reindeer in charge of an Esquimaux is at once a pleasing and a natural sight ; whereas a rhinoceros with the same attendant would be an offensive anachronism. Both would droop, especially the keeper the first time he entered the cage. So it comes that to provide the proper cus todians for a large zoological collection would mean a large outlay. And the Government enbsidy of £500 a year to the Sydney institution is sus piciously tVin to niggardliness. The gates bring in £2000 per annum, the grant raises this to £2500 ; while the outlay, even nnder the present cheap regime, touches £3200. This state of affairs is unsatisfactory all round, so that Sir Henry's resignation is a matter for regret rather than wonder. He alluded to the discreditable anomaly that, as population increases and demands more, the institution becomes straitened, and gives less. In face of the Governmental apathy, might I suggest a possible remedy — not as a' specific but as a palliative P Throw the gates wide open on Sunday afternoons, engage a good band, and provide cheap refreshments. The Christian con science of England is not shocked by such pro ceedings. Is the Australian conscience so much more tender than the British as to render such a course reprehensible ? Are we colonists to be always content to hug the legal shackles that the rest of Anglo-Saxondom is busily breaking ? « ? * * Ten degress, or, say, 700 miles — Iran a rule over it on the map a few days ago — separate Sydney and Adelaide. The two towns are connected by rail, not, of course, in my crowline fashion, but still by rail. An English mail reaches Adelaide on Thursday. Its letters and papers affect or in terest perhaps a hundred thousand people in the Eastern colonies. It has been carried like the wind throuerh France and Italv : hurried to Eirvnt at high speed ; sent without an hour's unnecessary delay adown the long narrow sea stretching from Suez to the 'Gate of Tears;' pushed rapidly the entire extent of one ocean and a fair dice of another ; trained, hauled, floated in a break-neck fashion till it arrives at the capital of South Aus tralia. Thai it takes a good spell and draws a long breath — so long that the letters which should have been delivered in Sydney on Saturday morning, or, if things were as they might be, on Friday night, reach New South Wales on Monday, thus giving to many suburban residents no time for reply by the outgoing mail. Whose is the fault P How should I know ? But I do know that while such things are possible it would be wise for Aus tralians to preserve a discreet silence when the word 'enterprise' is mentioned. ? ? « ? The wrinkled front of grim- visaged war was balefully in evidence at the pleasant hamlet of Moss Yale Bome days since. A determined enemy, consisting of cavalry, infantry, engineers, and a brass band, encamped over against the unoffend ing town and called upon the Mayor to deliver up the keys or stand the consequences. TTin Worship, baoked up by the nMAnnm and citizens, rose to the occasion and returned a j haughty defiance. The townsmen were quickly I organised as mobiles, and swore by the whole mythology to defend their hearths and roof-trees, as well as the freedom and honour of their wives and families. It was a fearful oath, and might well maVa the bumptious invader pause. But, obedience being a soldier's first duty, tho aggressors approached furtively in several divisions, hoping by seizing the bridge or wading the stream to effect a sur prise. They might as well have expected to catch t a weasel or a jealous woman asleep — the inhabi tants had the whole country-ode covered with scouts and spies. One of the latter, a local butcher disguised as an itinerant preacher, was seized in the forest by the assailants and Sieved of the cipher despatches intended to set the country in a blaze. According to the strict rules of war things would have gone hard with him but that he abjectly delivered up the key to the correspond ence, and retired to the canteen to drown the re membrance of his pusillanimity and his shame. » * m The bridge was reached and crossed while the defenders were watching the ford. But if the invaders thought they had nothing farther to do except enter the settlement and imitate ffie Turks in Armenia, they were quickly undeceived. From rock, and bush, and fallen tree, the rifles of the now maddened mobiles spoke oat with deadly and earnestness. The columns halted, wavered, and ultimately sought shelter from the well-sustained fusillade. Nor was it blank cartridge alone that was belched in their faces. Each discharge was accompanied or closely followed by potent and ironical invitations to ' come on yon ? and get laid out.' 'Hie citizens' blood vaa up, and the word quickly wait round to neither give nor accept quarter. It was at this point, just as a detachment of townsmen was about to blow up the waterworks, or cut the dam, as the Botch aid in Holland when the French sam-eulottes were pouring over the land to the tune of ' Ca Ira,' that the halt was sounded, and rider and home, friend and foe, mingled once more in peace. It was felt at the time, and made abundantly evident afterwards, that but for this timely trace, many a sore head and damaged eye would have been in obtrusive evi dence on the morrow. The Frankenstein of war is as easy to raise and as difficult to lay as the monster of the legend. On the cessation of hos tilities the opposing forces, with banter, and badinage, and light laughter, mixed as freely as the Tt.nBain.TiR and the allies on the fall of Sebasto pol. A march -past, a dinner, a dance, and a well-selected assortment of comic songs brought to an amicable close what, but for the timely interference of the authorities, might have been the bloodiest day in the village annals. But, far into the 20th century, man and maid, house father and matron, will tell round the blazing ingle the story of how the spirited little town of . Moss Yale saved its name, its honour, and its j bacon. ? # * ♦ Tichborne est mort, vice Tichborne is the new reading. It is extraordinary how hard it is to kill Bome people — astonishing how they cling to life when life has lost most or all of its attrac tions. A recent sportsman tells the confiding British public how a Lapland bear charged him for 40 yards while its heart was shattered by an explosive bullet. But how commonplace such an example of vital tenaciousness compared with that of the dragoon of 40 years ago ! To complete poor Creswell's story — to round it j off and render it a work of art — it is but necessary to prove that he has an im becile son, that he is the idiot father of an idiot boy. Possibly the strangest, certainly the most interesting, reading connected with the affair is the letter of Mr. Le Clere — John Seult Fortescue Le Clere (Victoria ! what promising careers God parents have wrecked !) — in the daily press. He met Tichborne in many lands ; in fact, they were always colliding. They recognised each other by their rings and crests. Their conversations were carried on in French, English, German, Spanish and other languages. When thdir tetes-a-tete flagged in the Teutonic tongues, they fell back on the Latin brood. Even in the colonies Cardinal Mezzofanti has worthy followers. * * * * It seems that about the time of poor Roger's disappearance a man without a head was found near Wagga. At first it was surmised to be a case of suicide — one of those rare cases where an eccentric person removes his head and hides it. Some people do the oddest things for no tangible reason, except to give trouble and avoid recogni tion. In ' Ingoldsby ' it will be remembered that the ghost of a decapitated friar carries his skull in his hand so as to snow him where to hit his murderer with a scourge. Considering the peculiarities of Wagga, the wonder is why a headless man should cause any surprise there. Besides, when, as in the present case, the jury brought in ' died by the visitation of God,' the matter might surely be allowed to rest there. But Mr. John Seult Fortescue Le Clere stirs up the dreary business again by in considerately asking, ' If the headless man was not my Mend Tichborne, who was he ?' Surely, in his calmer moments Mr. Le C. will admit how thoughtless it is to ask such questions of busy per sons like myself who are conscientiously en deavouring to instruct and elevate a rather apathetic public. He must know well enough that when a body meets a body without a ' nut ' recognition is next to impossible. To recognise a corpse at all ls.dimcnlt in even the most favour able circumstances. But when the difficulty is complicated by the absence of a cranium the puzzle is but one remove from insolubility. That's why it's so hard to 'place' the unfortunate Creswell, he, too, having lost his head, or, at least, having had it turned. This, no doubt, is mere flippancy, unseemly and unbecoming. Still, much should be forgiven a painstaking journalist when goaded into exasperation by bizarre ques tions. There are times when the asking of sombre conundrums is little short of a crime. 